There is nothing you can do wrong at this place, I've gotten almost everything on the menu and they are all fantastic.  My favorites - coronation chicken (salad or sandwich), Mac and cheese, Shackamaxon. The only downside is that you'll usually run into a wait, but it's definitely worth it. If the weather is nice, ask to sit in the back patio.Maybe prioritizing your to-go business while leaving your dine-in guests high and dry isn't the best approach to brunch. Not only does it make the experience incredibly obnoxious, but it hurts your waitstaff. No one wants to tip when they sit for 45 minutes+ for a couple eggs, especially when they get no updates of effort to alleviate the situation. By the way, "it'll be up as soon as possible" doesn't help.
This experience was a little weird, in that shortly after writing my initial thoughts, the owner came out and apologized for the wait and let us know our food would be out shortly and it would be free.
Now, the food was dynamite. Really lovely. And yes, the wait was brutal and the lack of info for so long of it was unfortunate. But I actually feel like taking care of our entire check was a bit of an overreaction. People will wait for good food. You just have to make the wait enjoyable. Offer a free cupcake or coffee or other treat. Costs less and keeps everyone happy to be there.
The food will bring us back and I'll update the stars (assuming the experience improves). Till then!When you don't want a full service and deep pocket kind of lunch or dinner then head over here.  Their sandwiches are satisfying.  I loved their cheeses.  The bf did as well and he's not a big cheese guy.  The outdoor area in the back is quite lovely.  The staff are very friendly.  I would recommend this place for a quick bite or take out.One of the best places for lunch in the city. The quality of the food is superb and creative. Salads, sandwiches, grilled cheese: all good here.Rudeness.  Pure rudeness from the owner.  I wish I could give negatives stars.
My friend and I had just bought a lemon bar (the quality was okay; nothing to die for; it was like Jell-O Brand lemon pudding with thick crust).  We were sitting out front at the one table with two chairs.  I had bought something across the street but was not eating it.
Long story short: the owner came out and confronted us for sitting there.
"MAY I HELP YOU?" 
"No, thank you, we're just sitting here."  
"THIS IS FOR CUSTOMERS ONLY!" 
"Yes, we just bought something from here and ate it." 
[Pointing] "THAT BAG'S NOT FROM HERE!"  
"No, it's not, but we were just in the shop and bought something." 
"THIS TABLE IS FOR CUSTOMERS!" 
"Yes, we just bought a lemon bar here."
And then he looked angry and confused.  So we left.
Customer service is important to me.  I would think it would be, too, to a business owner.  I don't care how good someone's food is, I'm not patronizing a shop whose owner is without manners.  And the slice of cake for $6.50 looked dry anyway.I went there with my girlfriend last week for brunch.  The food was amazing and within 15 minutes the place was packed and there was a line out the door.   Clearly this is a local favorite.  We got some hand made deserts in a to go bag for an evening meal that were amazing.   I'm a bit of coffee snob, so their french press was an especially nice compliment to our omelet and french toast.   If you are a tourist, this is a perfect place to stop for a meal after a visit to Elfreth's Alley.LOVE LOVE LOVE! Delicious for any meal of the day, or just cheese!! Gourmet grilled cheese to die for! Eat out back in the courtyard, sooooo cute, like a little European oasis!! Yum!Great little place in my neighbourhood! Fabulous grilled cheese sandwiches! Gouda with tomato on pumpernickel is a great yummy lunch. Enjoy this place.First time here the other day and on a review written by a classmate of mine I decided to check Wedge & Fig out.  The restaurant was quaint and tidy. After looking around we noticed there weren't any tables available except for one that had a reserved sign. We were greeted promptly and were surprised when the hostess made available the reserved table for us. 
On to the meal...
Brunch is one of my favorite meals and I definitely wasn't left disappointed. My friend and I split a large French press coffee and it started the meal off right. We both ended up getting the same thing, which was the Eggs NOLA. Now of course when I hear cornbread in a meal I'm always skeptical of how good it'll be (I'm from GA and have had my fair share of good cornbread and biscuits lol). As for this dish, everything worked well together. The side salad with vinaigrette was just the right amount of acidity to add to the rich hollandaise sauce on this take of eggs Benedict. Overall my only complaint would be that the side potatoes looked and tasted crispy but weren't hot when the plate came out. 
Looking at the total meal and ambience I couldn't give this place less than *****. 
Cheers Wedge & FigNice. Fine. Does the job. Pleasant. That's about it. Nothing extraordinary about this place. The hype baffles me. You won't hate the place but why you'd love it is beyond me. A safe bet for a "nice" lunch if you're passing by.Such a great place to welcome a new day.
Been a couple of times and have only sat in the back courtyard. The food is amazing and how can you not be happy when you're in this little oasis of a spot with plants all around you, the open sky above you, and a full french press on your table??
Excellent service experiences every time and they're incredibly knowledgeable when pressed for information on their cheeses. They serve many specialty cheeses and I've listened to many a table pepper their server with a barrage of questions about their selections.
You go there and you just can't help but be happy. It's a great experience.We had brunch last weekend and we split the NOLA egg dish.  It was perfect and the server split the dish for us which very nice.   I have been buying my cheese at the counter for a while and something changed with the type and quality of cheeses.  I would prefer a better selection and feel like the Brie from Sysco(private label) is not an appropriate brand other that the price point.  I always enjoy my meals at the Wedge + Fig and hope that they will upgrade there cheese counter.Very tiny spot, maybe 7 tables in the front room packed close together. Just enough room to squeeze through. Otherwise though, the inside is decorated in a pleasant way that kind of feels like home.
Service was great. Our waitress was very polite and attentive. The wait to get in was very short at 11:30 on a warm winter day.
The food, of course, was excellent. I had the "NOLA eggs" which was basically eggs benedict on cornbread with potatoes. The hollandaise sauce was delicious, and the eggs were cooked perfectly. HIghly recommended.
Unusually, coffee was served in a french press with enough coffee for two cups. Be aware if your friend doesn't drink coffee.Their staff is warm and friendly. Their menu has incredible salads for when I want to be good and heavenly mac and cheese for every other day. Grab a bottle, sit in their back garden, and you'll soon forget you are in a city.We ate dinner after a show at the Arden around the corner.  We were able to make a reservation, cause it can be a bit busy.  
Had a wonderful 5 cheese, 3 condiment board.  This is really a first class experience with a great menu of cheeses and the fig paste, house made caramel as condiments are wonderful. We also had our children with us and although it is not rated as kid friendly (ours are ages 10 and 7) they enjoyed the cheeses, meal and dessert as much as we did.  
We had Modern Waldorf salad and another salad (I forgot the name) which were great, and also enjoyed the Macaroni and Cheese, and Grilled Gouda cheese with ham....
I also have to comment that the brownies and oatmeal cookies were pretty darn good too!  The drinks menu is very European with Orangina/Limonata and great Harney and Sons Iced or Hot teas, great cappucino too..which all contributed to a lovely dinner and made me feel like we were able to enjoy the sophistication of a good fromagerie in Europe but with American flair mixed in
Will plan to return soon we hope!This place is such a gem! We had brunch here with a few friends and instantly fell in love with the garden area. Two of us had the build-your-own breakfast sandwiches and two had the stuffed french toast - everything was delicious. The lemon-parmesan potatoes were an unexpected highlight of the meal and the french press coffee was wonderful too. We waited a while for our food but quite honestly, we didn't mind at all, since the atmosphere was so nice!Wedge + Fig was amazing. We sat outside, which was perfect with the heat lamps. You have to walk through a dark alleyway to get to it, though, which was kind of weird. It was amazing once we were actually back there. 
The French press coffee was delicious and very strong. I should not have had more than a cup. I ordered the Eggs Nola, which were awesome, and everyone I was with seemed to really enjoy their food too. Our waitress persuaded us to get an order of the scones and it was definitely the best choice of the whole meal.
Overall, this place was quaint and beautiful and the food was very tasty. You couldn't help but feel happy at a place like this.I found my new favorite spot for lunch in Philly!!!  The coffee was great, the food was amazing, and the atmosphere was peaceful.
We were seated outside in the little back area, which was so cute. I ordered the Shackamaxon sandwich, which was DELICIOUS, and had to stop myself from ordering another to take home with me! My friend ordered a panini, which was awesome as well. The service was great, and it was not too hectic/crowded/loud, which I appreciated after a long day at work. 
 I will definitely be coming back here, and selecting a few cheeses to sample from their extensive list!I just had brunch here and the food was delicious. We started off with the cheese plate of the week and I enjoyed all three cheeses. While we were eating the manager even came over and asked which was our favorite cheese and to share some knowledge about how the monks dip the chimay cheese we were eating in actual chimay, which is also made there. My stuffed french toast was very sweet and very good. My boyfriend got the panini of the day which was tasty with smoked ham, specialty mustard and specialty cheese of course. 
The only downfall for me was that the dining room there is very small and it felt like we were having our brunch with the people at the table next door. But this is a great little breakfast/lunch byob that I really enjoyed eating at.Cute little place with simple yet tasty, perfectly executed food.
The Jawn sandwich was delicious.  Doesn't sound super special on paper, but this baby was perfectly executed.  Warm with melty cheese, all the flavours in the Jawn melded just right.  Every bite was a pleasure.  (They were out of pretzel bread, but it still worked.)
Truffled egg salad was great too.  It's hard not to enjoy something with truffle oil drizzled on it, but the egg salad itself was also just really fresh and good.
Simple, good, fresh food.  Good service.  Just perfect.The perfect brunch! I can't say enough about the food, the locale, the servers...I only wish they were located in Medford. It was definitely worth the drive into "town"Stopped in mid Sunday hoping for a table, the server made room (stroller too) for us in the patio.
The food was great, and the service excellent.
Highly recommended.One of my favorites! The food is always delicious, but you have to go for their cheese. Get a cheese board and be sure to ask for a recommendation. While all the servers are very knowledgable and nice, Zach by far is a cheese expert. I would say go with the cheese board of the week, then get their Mac and cheese with thick cut bacon on top! So good, but I never am able to finish it all in one sitting. If that's too heavy, their salads are tasty as well.They have a pie. Made of mac and cheese. Topped with a lattice of thick-cut bacon. 
I'm pretty sure I can just end my review there, but I won't. 
Aside from the rich, cheesy goodness of the mac and cheese pie, this is a great go-to spot for brunch and lunch in Old City. It's a BYO, so come prepared! One of my friends went with the Eggs NOLA which I was told was delicious and based on what other yelpers are saying, it seems this is the consensus. I had the egg strata which was delicious and huge (and tasted just as good leftover, which was a pleasant surprise).
In terms of ambiance, it's a tiny little restaurant with a view into the large kitchen. They have an outdoor garden that's open in the summer. The staff was great! 
There are a ton of menu items (more mac and cheese, salads and sandwiches) that I will certainly be back to try!Small, limited menu, but everything on the menu looked great and our food was delicious! Quaint and charming restaurant. Not sure if I'd go back.Wedge + Fig is one of my favorite lunch spots in the city. It's casual and warm ambiance matches the phenomenal lunch options. I enjoy building my own grilled cheese, since the cheese options are out of this world. To top it off, I enjoy the mixed green side salad that comes with my sandwich. The back patio is intimate and enjoyable to sit outside on a beautiful day!Our friends who live within blocks of Wedge & Fig got a card in the mail for a First Friday special cheese plate. We got done with the galleries early & went to get a table at 8pm to sit & eat (we carried a bottle of wine around all night in anticipation of the advertised special) & check out a place that is new to all of us. At any rate, we entered and asked the man behind the counter if we could just sit anywhere (this being our first time) and he told us that the store was closed. We mentioned the card & asked if we could try the cheese plate to go- would they honor the card we got in the mail for the special? He said he had never done a cheese plate to go -as though cutting the same cheeses but putting them in a box and not on a plate in the store was such an outrageous idea, that it had never occurred to him. Why draw people there with a promotion to introduce the store to the locals and close an hour BEFORE First Friday ends? In addition to the short sighted hours on a busy Friday night, it seemed strange that they would turn away business that is planning to spend $$ and then walk out minutes before you close. This is not a place to stay and hang out in for hours, this place is trying to sell cheese, right? So if it's about the cheese, why not get in as many cheese sales you can get in before closing? Not very much good business sense going on. We would have tried you out but never mind now. We will continue to spend at least forty bucks a trip at Downtown Cheese at the Reading Terminal each time we are there despite the fact that w&f is about 20 blocks closer to our house. Stupid.Loved their brunch (this review is only for their brunch). It's tiny and cute. Service was good. My girlfriend and I split the Eggs Nola (poached eggs, Cajun-spiced Tasso ham and creamy hollandaise served on top of house-made cornbread. Served with lemon parmesan potatoes + dressed greens) and the Betty Draper sandwich (delicious truffled egg salad, cucumber + lemon-salt on whole wheat.) The Betty Draper also comes with candy cigs- it was real cute. I loved both dishes (esp the truffled egg salad since I love anything truffled- what a great idea btw). I wouldn't mind stopping back in the next time I'm in the area (without the kids). Thanks Wedge + Fig for a lovely ending to a lovely girls weekend!Have had lunch here twice, so far.  Enjoyed the Ex-pat (never knew Marmite could taste this good) and Red Goat sandwiches.  Can't wait to try their other offerings.  Wonderful cheese selection too.  A great place to enjoy a cheese platter with some BYOB wine after work.Went for brunch and enjoyed French toast and two different egg dishes amongst our table. Service was very attentive but the kitchen a little backed up during a busy brunch rush. Will be back the next time we are in town.Stopped by for brunch on a rainy Saturday morning recently and fell in love. This place is small, so make sure you plan accordingly (unfortunately for brunch they don't take reservations). We brought our own champagne and the waitress gladly offered to open it for us and bring OJ as soon as we sat down. 
I enjoyed the special french toast for the weekend that included a peach puree (it was AWESOME) and my guest tried their NOLA eggs (he loved it). Add it to the list of my favorite brunch spots in the city. The menu is small, but there are several options for you to change up the classics. 
They have a huge selection of cheese, so I will be stopping by in the near future to try a few of those!Just came here for a quick snack in the weird eating time between lunch and dinner.  We ordered a grilled cheese with apple, onion, and brie.  The bread was toasted perfectly, but the apple they chose was not crispy enough as it was very mealy.  In my experience, crisper apples are generally used in grilled cheeses to stand up to the cooking and keep it's texture.  The service was a bit slow for a somewhat empty place, but I will definitely come back to try again at a more normal hour and order a bit more food.I really liked this place. It has an incredible selection of cheeses, including my favorite ones, which are hard to find. They made a grilled cheese with midnight moon, which is an aged goat cheese and has this incredible nuttiness to it. They suggested to pair with Fontina since the goat cheese doesn't melt well by itself. It was a great suggestion and it was really an amazing grilled cheese. 
The family has a nice ambiance, very nice staff and incredibly fresh, delicious food. I want to say next time we are in Philly, we will stop by again.When I think of Wedge and Fig in Old City I think of Cheese and Challah.  Both are specialties here.  My favorite thing to order here ... and I am not alone in this ... is the Shackamaxon sandwich.  Named for the Lenni-Lenape meeting place on the Delaware River where William Penn and the native Americans signed a treaty of peace, this challah sandwich filled with turkey breast, brie, mango, and arugula is very tasty.  It is def a bit on the pricey side of things but also def worth it every so often.  In addition they offer up a variety of full cheese boards and other dishes with a cheese component to them.  Eat in or take out, Wedge and Fig has become an Old City fixture.Went for brunch with my husband. We were in Philly for a weekend get away. Based on the reviews, I practically ran here. There was a street fair happening and the restaurant was setting up their booth. When we came up to the door, there was no one to meet you. A frazzled manager(possibly) came a few mins later. He showed us to an indoor table and before he sat us down, told us that it would be very slow service due to them being busy and setting up for the street fair. Is that my problem?  No.  We reluctantly sat anyway. Our table was wobbly and the manager? acknowledged this, said it needed to be fixed but never fixed it. We waited a good half hour for the food. I had the stuffed French toast which was ok, nothing to write home about. My husband had the Eggs Nola which he said were very good. Our waitress hustled the whole time and was very good. Overall, the place was just ok in my opinion. And, for out of towers, completely uninviting.Small, quaint little shop that primarily sells cheeses but has a nice sit down service as well. The service is excellent and they have a specials board above on the chalkboard as well as a smaller menu with a decent selection of choices. 
I had the Bacon Lattice Mac n cheese pie, which was absolutely amazing. The special of the day was a panini with fried egg, pork belly, and cheese and that was absolutely amazing. 
Great location on 3rd street just a couple blocks from independence mall.oh my oh my oh my
you must try this place if you're in old city of philly......
I had the day special and my friend had the bacon mac and cheese pie :) they were both absolutely delicious. 
the pie is basically mac and cheese with bacon as lattice. it looks wonderful and tastes wonderful. 
the special panini is absolutely amazing, it was with pork belly bacon egg and mayo...... God the portion is huge and price is just right, we had so much and it only came to 28! 
we are thinking of coming back to philly just for this place hahCame for brunch once with a small group of girlfriends -- it was different but very good!!I used to come here a lot more often when I lived in Old City, and the food was always delicious. Their sandwiches are always excellent, and made with unique combinations of fresh and tasty ingredients. As soon as the weather is nicer, I'll have to make the trek down more often!
The location itself is a bit of a challenge. It's very small and cramped. I've only ever gotten food to go because there has never been a table available, and I feel awkward standing there waiting for someone to leave when they're all so close to me - like I'm hovering, even if I don't mean to. Whenever I'm waiting for food (and the weather is bad so I don't want to wait outside) I'm never sure where to stand, because I always seem to be in someone's way. Otherwise, it's a great little place and definitely worth stopping in!Absolute MUST eat in the backyard garden!
I've been here for both lunch and dinner, and both were amazing experiences. The male waiter working on 8/13 for the dinner shift (I'm so bad with names!) was an absolute AMAZING waiter. Probably the best I've ever had. He explained all the cheeses with great depth, along with made amazing recommendations. I had the beet salad and it was superb. I splurged with a brownie for desert which was the perfect balance of chocolatey sweet (some places make their desserts too rich so that you can't enjoy it, but this one was just perfect!).
It's a BYOB and they have cheeses a la carte. I want to come for a "happy hour" so to speak next time and bring some wine and have a bunch of cheese plates before dinner with some friends. I think that would be the perfect place!
To top it all off, the backyard garden is so beautiful! I've been in both August and in March and both times they kept it at an enjoyable temperature. Because it's mostly enclosed with buildings around it, it keeps the sun off of you in the summer, but keeps the warmth in during the winter (they have heaters out in the colder months). You must eat in the garden, it's worth the wait!This place is amazing. Their mac + cheese bacon lattice is heaven. I had to share that though. Perfect for two people or one very hungry person. It is literally a pie filled with mac and cheese topped with bacon. The bacon was perfect. Wasn't burnt or rubbery. The mac and cheese was so cheesy and warm. The place is small but it's cute and inviting. The staff is great and friendly. Price is great.
Definitely give this place a try!Spur of the moment choice for brunch because it looked like a cute little spot. W+F has garden seatings in the back which I thought was a nice touch, they had an awning covering but I assume on better days they take off that cover?
W+F is BYOB, they also put an ice pack around your bottle - it's a cute idea and different from your average ice bucket. Their brunch menu was pretty big and portion size was average. The Eggs NOLA was ok, it's basically an eggs benedict but instead of an english muffin on the bottom, it was cornbread. Maybe it wasn't the best idea because my cornbread started to get soggy. The Strawberry Stuffed French Toast was light, for the price it was worth the dish. Finally, the Bacon-Lattice Mac + Cheese Pie felt a bit lacking. Lots of bacon weaved on top of the mac+cheese but the actual mac+cheese felt a little bland?
The overall meal was just ok, nothing too extravagant or amazing.I initially made reservations because I thought this was a fancy restaurant, but it's really a cute little shop where locals stopped in to buy cheese during our meal. The food has the quality of the nicest restaurant in town, however. I had a dish called "Spring Garden," I think it was. It was fake meatballs with tomato sauce and little pastas (I forget the name of them). It was delicious and a huge portion so I had dinner for the next day. My mom had the gnocchi with meatloaf on top and she said it was the best gnocchi she'd ever had (and she's been to Italy). We got chocolate creme brûlée and key lime pie to go and they were both delicious. I was worried that the chocolate would overwhelm the taste of the creme brûlée but it didn't. They went together very nicely. We ate around 6:30 and the place was almost empty, definitely didn't need reservations. No outdoor seating.Based on a recommendation I received from a relatively "fancy schmancy" person and all the great reviews, I was expecting this place to be a little grander.  It was very small with only a few tables and although it was by no means in disrepair or a dump, it was not "nice."  
That's all I have to say in the negative, because my sandwich was quite perfect and tasty.  I did a create your own grilled cheese and the truffle honey with the pesto and sharp cheddar was very delicious and I loved the generous pile of basic, lightly dressed mixed greens that were served with it.  It was a super tasty little place to have lunch alone while visiting the city for work, although I don't know that I'd go running back.Fantastic! I was in Philly visiting a friends and we walked by this place over and over and decided to stop in. The waitress made excellent recommendations and the food was delicious. If you love sweet, try the mint brownie.  Great place to stop for brunch/lunch.Went to Wedge & Fig for a quick bite with my mom one Sunday afternoon a couple weeks ago. Had one of the three cheese slates (had the Humboldt Fog, Beemster, and a cheese I forget the name of, cuz I had to order it as a second option as they had ran out of my first. With a delicious fig cake and membrillo.) also had a delicious cappuccino.  the place is cozy and adorable, makes me feel like Im in Paris or something. Only thing I can complain about is that the service was a bit condescending and snooty for my taste. I like a place to make me feel welcome and comfortable, but they kind of made me feel stupid and like they were annoyed with me. Overall, a great place and I'll be back to try more cheeses and the sandwiches!Food looked delicious but the British woman up front was so rude, we left.
We explained we were first time customers.  There was a 29 minute wait.  While waking we asked to see a menu.  We did not notice the grilled cheese bar that we saw on the website.  We asked politely if that was still available and she said "yes, it's on the menu."
We explained we did not see it and we're sure we're missing something.
She snatched it from us and looked it over for about a minute cover to cover, then threw it back at us and said "well, you have the brunch menu"
We asked if that was the wrong menu.  And she said it was right.  So was the grilled cheese bar available or not since it wasn't on the menu.
She was so frustrated with us that I finally said "we're clearly too dumb to eat here. "
We walked out.
While we were outside there were two other parties that left.  A young couple and a party of 4.  They also left because she yelled at them.  
The young couple apparently got confused and enters through the back patio.  The other party simply was standing too close to the restrooms.
Places to eat area a dime a dozen.  We spent our dime elsewhere.This place has been a great find. Amazing food and killer coffee!! Quaint and super cute. Only downside is this really awkward server that I seem to get EVERY TIME IM THERE!! The things that come out of this girl's mouth to guests are not... things ...one in her profession would tend to say...? Yikes.
Also, I was there one time having a very difficult conversation with a family member and being a server, it SHOULD have been obvious that it was NOT a good time to approach the table to ask us if we wanted to order more food.. Tact. Wow. Whatever, I go back because the food is amazing and the coffee is some of the best I've had in all my travels.My friend and our girls ate here yesterday for lunch.  Everything was very good.  The girls had a grill cheese since they are 10 as close to plain as possiable. lol But they had white bread with fontina it was rather tasty.  I had the la Mancha it was tasty.  My friend has the chicken salad and said that was good tooQuaint little spot in old city - on 3rd and Cherry st area. 
Love this place!!! I made reservations ahead of time. I was running late but they were super accommodating. 
I got the billy penn salad aka cobb salad and it came with a decent amount of chicken, avocado, bacon, blue cheese, tomatoes, and salad. The presentation was cute and the ingredients were super fresh (~$14). It also came with the dressing on the side and side of bread w oil. 
I also got the cheeseboard, excellent presentation!!
The food is super fresh and the service was super friendly!!! They have a decent selection of desserts as well if you have a sweet tooth. 
They have an extensive selection of cheese too!
I'll def be back, it's a small place but I like it! BYOB!!I've gone to Wedge & Fig for lunch a few times and each time it's phenomenal. I've got the panini special, which consisted of a poached egg, tomato, bacon and some kind of awesome cheese on whole-wheat bread. It came with a small side salad and simple vinaigrette- this is how lunch should be! I've also had the Blue Figs - Buttery Fourme d'Ambert blue cheese, sweet fig preserves + prosciutto on pretzel bread and the Caramel Apple - Norwegian gjetost cheese, quince paste + apples on whole wheat. A grown-up PBJ!
I also tasted some of a friend's Jawn sandwich, fancy ham & cheese, and it came on pretzel bread- yum! Throw in the French press large coffee to share and you have yourself quite a meal. 
Special Note: There's a great outdoor patio in the back and I highly recommend it. They also had a heater back there!Wedge + Fig is a great lunch spot! The sandwiches, soups and salads are tasty.  Be careful if you make your own grilled cheese though, the add on's really do add up quick.I can describe this establishment as nothing other than perfectly quaint. The enclosed back patio is sheltered by a canopy of vegetation just thick enough to shade the area but just sparse enough to allow diners to enjoy sunny days. I stopped in with a friend for lunch... the sandwich options were varied and all sounded positively yummy. Portions were appropriate (generous without seeming gluttonous), service was casual yet timely and the food preparation was thoughtfully executed. I will definitely venture back for lunches in spring!Food was great
Had the bacon mac and cheese pie...very heavy so try sharing it
Wife got a make your own grilled cheese w cheddar bacon and jalapeño and it was delicious
Would def come back.Amazing hole in the wall with delicious food and very charming garden seating! BYOB with very well-thought out cheese boards and knowledgable staff! Great way to spend an early evening! Special mention: shackamaxon sandwich, chocolate fig with cheese, french toast, and pork belly flat bread! Delectable!Cool outdoor area and awesome cheeses. We got there a little later and were put in a tiny corner in the garden. I'd say a 3.5 overall but I feel like brunch would be a 4.Food was great.  They are a bit unflexible with making changes.  For example, They make scrambled eggs but were not willing to put cheese on top.This bistro is really lovely, in ambiance and in the quality of their food.
They have a steady menu used for lunch and then dinners. In addition, they have daily specials which usually include a type of soup and sandwich.
They are great with gluten free and vegetarian options. The staff is incredibly knowledgable and are always willing to answer your questions.My husband ordered the grilled cheese - manchego, gouda, and bacon.  Gooey perfection.  
I was looking for something lighter but equally as delicious so I opted for the Waldorf salad.  I know it's not as sexy as it's cheesy counterpart (at first blush) - but it could hold it's own.  It was a wonderful blend of savory, sweet, and tart.  While I'll usually eat some of my food and reach for his - especially if his is grilled cheese,  I didn't this time because the salad was completely satifying.  
The waitress was sweet and accommodating - asking the chef whether the blue cheese was pasteurized.  Their only fault is that they've got me hooked and they don't have a place in DC.Went to Wedge + Fig for brunch on Sunday to use a Daily Candy deal that my friend had purchased. It is a cute but tiny place.. there aren't many tables inside and the place was packed except for a table for two by the door. Perfect. Included in the Daily Candy deal was a cheese platter and our choice of two brunch or lunch items. Since I'm a huge fan of pork roll, I went with the Benny Frank - pork roll, friend egg, Chimay a la Biere, and spicy mustard served Panini style on a Kaiser roll. It was delicious and probably the fanciest pork roll sandwich I've ever had. I am usually hesitant when it comes to condiments and got the mustard on the side. After tasting how good it was, I wish I got it on my sandwich. My friend went with the Eggs NOLA - poached eggs, spiced ham, and hollandaise on cornbread. I had a bite and it was pretty good considering I don't love cornbread. Both items came with a small side salad and parmesan potatoes. It was a generous amount of food for brunch. 
We also ordered the bacon mac & cheese pie. My friend wasn't a fan of the cheese used (chef's choice) but I enjoyed it. It was very creamy and I liked that they made it with something other than the traditional cheddar. Our waiter actually forgot to bring out the cheese platter in the beginning of the meal (I'm not complaining since I probably wouldn't have finished my sandwich otherwise) and helped us choose 3 types of cheese to take home. He suggested we go with a creamy one, a sweet nutty one, and an aged cheddar. He didn't steer us wrong and they made for a tasty afternoon snack. 
We had read that it was byob and came prepared with a bottle of champagne, ordered some orange juice, and made ourselves mimosas. There is nothing I enjoy more than brunch and byob's. Needless to say, I fell in love with this place. The icing on the cake of a great brunch was that the Daily Candy deal covered everything we ordered, including the orange juice for our mimosas and a third item of mac & cheese. I'll definitely be going back to try some of their paninis. Just by reading the descriptions on the menu, you can tell they're not your run-of-the-mill sandwiches.Loved it!!! Small comfortable restaurant with an extensive cheese counter up front. The specials were listed on a board. I went with a friend for lunch today. I sat down before she arrived and had a small pot of cinnamon spice tea. For lunch we both ordered grilled cheese sandwiches. Mine was pumpernickel bread, Brie, fig spread and a fried egg. It was wonderful. Not cheap but well worth every penny. Our waitress was also very helpful in making recommendations and describing various things on the menu.gotta love a byob brunch place - food was delicious, service friendly and attentive and the atmosphere is quaint and fun!Must request to sit in "the garden" on a nice day! Great, knowledgeable waitstaff. Excellent quality baguettes and cheese selection, labeled artistically and served with Figs and honey and walnuts. Iced coffee was also delicious, because the quality of the coffee.  Perfect light lunch fare in olde city. I'll definitely be returning here again.A short and sweet review for one of my favorite new spots:
This is literally right by my house. Like, steps away. I pass it always, and have never went in. On a cold lazy night, we decided to try it. I AM SO GLAD.
The place is about as big as my bedroom. What it lacks in size, it totally makes up for in intimacy and cuisine. The staff was super friendly; a quality I put under the microscope at every place I dine.  We called and asked for a table, and someone was waiting to seat us when we arrived. The menu is simple, consisting of soups, sandwiches, salad and a few entrées. There is a case of rotational freshly baked sweets, and a giant case of cheeses. 
Now, anywhere that serves cheese plates is already high up there in my book. Is there anything bad about great cheese? I cannot think of a single thing. 
W&F takes it a step further and is BYOB. I don't know about you, but a place where I can bring my own dranks and enjoy cheese? YAS 
Highlights: 
//Mac&cheese// oooooo baby, it's something special. 
//lemon tart// enough said 
//Cobb salad// fresh and easily enough for two 
5 stars for you, sweet tiny W&F.I've been going here for about a year and a half. It's Philly's secret gem. Not a lot of people know about it. It's BYOB which is a huge plus. They have a great selection of cheese. They don't really change their menu much from what I can tell, but I come  here to drink wine and eat cheese so that's okay with me.Great grilled cheeses.
Have been here for small quick dinner dates with the girlfriend, and it's a fantastic little spot.  Moderately priced, delicious assortment of grilled cheese sandwhiches.  I'm a particular fan of grilled cheese sandhwiches in general, and while I'll always love my good old fashioned Kraft American singles and wonderbread, this place probably takes the cake for savory sandwhiches in the city.
We have also done a little BYOB wine and cheese platter evening.  Cost us a total of about twenty bucks to grab a bottle of wine from a Wine & Spirits and sit around for an hour feeling sophisticated and social nibbling at some tasty cheeses.BYOB brunch involved a bottle of rosé champagne, so I started off happy. 
The NOLA eggs Benny was amazing. Only trouble is it was served a bit lukewarm I'm guessing to wait on the yummers home fries that came w it which were piping hot. The tiny shop was a little cramped and there was a bit of bumping as anyone passed the tiny cafe tables. 
Sadly they had run out of the bacon Mac n cheese pie my date wanted so I'd suggest getting there early if that's your raison d'y aller. 
very nice staff, super reasonable prices. Quiet area on a cold Sunday morning.Definitely worth a visit.  Get the specials!  And call for reservations, just to be safe.
This was in a really nice part of the old city; relatively quiet but scenic.  It's a small, comfortable place with a great display case of cheeses and desserts, with the kitchen somewhat raised to the restaurant floor.
The waiter was extremely accommodating and responsive without being overbearing nor pretentious, which was great--this is a house of flavor, and it'll be hard for many to really be prepared for the zoo of flavors that can be unleashed there.
My first dish was a daily special they're considering adding to the spring menu--fried dates stuffed with jalapenos and creme fresche.  GET IT IF YOU CAN!  This was really, really good--it set the bar WAY HIGH for the rest of my meal.  I savored every bite.
Second and third dishes were also good, but really paled in comparison to the first.  I had the daily flat bread special, with ham, bell pepper, and some type of whiskey cheese, as well as a chicken curry salad (can't find the details, and I can't remember).  The flatbread was good (much, much better as it cooled, actually), but a bit heavy.  The salad's flavors were OK, but ... nothing exciting, and certainly nothing reaching the heights of the dates.
They seem to have well-thought-out daily specials, so I really recommend taking advantage of them.  I'd definitely visit this place again to see what they're up to!Giving Wedge + Fig two stars breaks my heart, but this once prime brunch spot has gone way down hill.
It's been a few months since we've been to Wedge + Fig, but we always loved the food, service, and atmosphere. When we went in for Sunday brunch today, there were obvious changes: no cheese or dessert on display, no French press coffee, no daily scones listed, what appeared to be increased prices. We found out shortly after sitting down that the restaurant was under new ownership.
We ordered a breakfast sandwich and the Eggs NOLA. When we sat down, we were the third table seated. Our food took 25 minutes to arrive, which felt like a long wait for so few tables (...and three waitresses working). Even with the abundance of staff, we still had to get up to request cream and spoons for our coffee. The food was mediocre. No potatoes with the sandwich, salads that were hardly dressed and bland. The Eggs NOLA was a cheap version of what it once was, with overcooked eggs and biscuits that tasted faintly like they came out of a can. The potatoes that came with the NOLA were dry and under seasoned (definitely not the same lemon parmesan potatoes). We finished the meal and left feeling disappointed.
Wedge + Fig was--and continues to be--a neighborhood staple. But the memory is far better than the current reality. With so many new brunch spots in the area, I appreciate the need for change. We brought friends and family here and spent many weekend mornings dining in the garden. Unfortunately, the things we loved about Wedge + Fig are gone, and with that, our service.We were surprised how crowded this small cafe was on a Saturday at 1:30pm. We ordered a pot of the special Hot Cinnamon Spice tea (which was just flavored from a teabag, nothing added in). I also got the La Mancha Salad and while the portion size overall was just right for a late lunch, I appreciated the generosity of the portion of the  yummy elements (serrano ham, Manchego cheese, figs, and almonds)...however, the shallow plates just make it hard to eat without sending some greens over the side. The accompanying baguette was delicious - perfectly crunchy crust with a soft inside.Wedge & Fig is a super cute BYO brunch spot. We were seated within 10 minutes even though there are only about 10 tables inside. The staff is friendly & knowledgeable about the menu, particularly cheese recommendations. 
We started off with the Euro Zone cheese plate. The prima was my absolute favorite. We also shared a side of mac & cheese. Between the 3 of us it was a good size to split. I ordered the Eggs Nola (eggs Benedict). Poached eggs were served over cornbread rather than an English Muffin which was actually pretty good. 
Overall our experience was great & we'd definitely go back, even if just for the cheese.I live in the neighborhood and recently was delighted to see this new restaurant in town.  A group of five of us sat outside in their quaint patio and had a delicious meal.  The chef cooks fresh, beautiful, and tasty food.  I had a yummy chilled roasted pepper soup and half of the chevre/beet sandwich.  My husband had what he described as the best egg salad sandwich that he has ever had.   They also serve brunch on the weekends.  This place truly is a highlight in Olde City and I would encourage everyone to patronize this place!OMG The best, simply the best. Came here a few weeks ago for the first time and was pleasantly surprised at how adorable this place was. Its really small with only a few tables, but my fiance and I were seated promptly and served very quickly. I ordered this dish, bacon over mac and cheese with more bacon bits inside of it. Pretty simply, but oh so amazing. Our appetizers and desserts were also TO DIE FOR! Our waiter was super cool as well and made us feel welcome. I seriously can't wait to go back here again.Mac n cheese uninspiring but sandwiches really good and A+ for atmosphere. Sit in the garden if you can.This place is special. I rarely write reviews but I was inspired tonight. Great food, great service, great atmosphere and music.This place is everything I hoped it would be and more! We came for brunch on a Sunday with 7 people and they were super accommodating. It's a smaller restaurant but everything was amazing! The cheese selection was great! We got a 5 cheese cheese plate and it was wonderful. Everyone we were with ordered different things and everything was good. We had the bacon Mac and cheese and it was delicious! This place has a local, family run feel. Overall definitely recommend and I'll definitely be back.Billy Penn salad is a major win and adorable back garden seating!Great selection! This lovely little restaurant had an exceptional selection for a late lunch/dinner. We had a service dog with us and they were very accommodating. The cheese board was a great way to start. All of our meals were very good. Highly recommended. Can't pick a bad meal at this place. Stop reading my review. Just go here. Seriously. :-)As a native Californian, I love all things fig (Did you know that California produces 98% of the nation's fresh figs?).  So naturally, when moving into the neighborhood I noticed Wedge + Fig right away.
It is the PERFECT location for brunch on a nice day (request patio seating).  It is quaint, adorable, delicious and fresh.  And also, there is a (are you sitting down?) bacon lattice mac and cheese pie on the menu.  Don't get too excited though, that is only one of several delicious options to choose from to accompany the wine that you BYOed.
Wedge + Fig, thank you for keeping Old City classy.A good place for a cheap meal in Old City. We had a bowl of lentil soup and two sandwiches  for $22 plus the tip.  
The sandwiches were tasty, I give 2 thumbs up to the "Blue Fig" which combined blue cheese, fig spread, and a generous layer of proscuitto between two slices of pretzel bread. I really enjoyed the contrast of sweet and salty in this sandwich but it was also very rich.  
I shared half of my Blue Figs sandwich with my husband, and in return got half of his the Shackmaxon, which I thought was less successful.  The turkey was a bit dry, the mustard overpowering so that you could not really taste the brie on the sandwich.  I didn't like the mango slices with this combo either.  The highlight of that sandwich was the challah bread.
The lentil soup was tasty if a bit over salty.
I understand that they have a nice courtyard in the back for  open air dining in warmer weather. As it was below freezing, we ate indoors, however, the front door had a tendency to swing open letting in blasts of freezing cold air.  If you can, don't sit by the door, or it will be your job to close it every time it swings open.
The service was slow, there was only one waitress, we were hungry and it seemed like the food took forever to come.
Overall, I gave it 3 stars, I think I would prefer it for lunch rather than dinner.I had a cousin and her friend in town, so a group of 5 of us headed to Wedge and Fig for brunch this past Sunday. We were seated outside in the garden, which was really pretty! Our waiter was really friendly and the menu looked great. I ordered the special, the Matzo Brei, which was the only matzo brei I've ever really enjoyed. Everyone else was really happy with their food. 
The waiter did mishear my boyfriend's order, but when the wrong order came, he was extremely apologetic. He brought my boyfriend scones while his order was cooking and brought us a slice of their blueberry lemon bar after the meal as another apology. It was unnecessary for him to do so, but we really appreciated it. 
Overall, the service was great, the food was tasty, the prices were pretty on point, and the actual restaurant was really cute. Can't wait to go back!Food was great, outdoor atmosphere was awesome, dude who runs the place is a jerkGreat service, food, and atmosphere. Went there for brunch and ordered the eggs NOLA. Delicious! The outside garden area is really nice. Would definitely come again.I really wanted to love this place since it is close to home and I love quant little spots in the city, however I was really disappointed from the moment I walked in the door. I went with two friends and we were not given the option to sit the the often raved about garden, and neither were any of the other customers who came in after. It didn't seem as if anyone was out there so I wasn't sure why it wasn't offered as a seating option. The inside is dining area is very confining and nothing special at all. 
The service was terrible. We all got drinks in these small glasses and never once were we asked if we wanted a refill. Even after our food was dropped off by our waitress did she ask if we wanted anything else.  It really wasn't that busy in there, so it was ridiculous. 
As for the food, I got the eggs Benedict, which was runny and slimy. Eggs Benedict should be a fairly simple thing to get right at a place like this. To top it off, for the poor service, disappointing atmosphere, and subpar food, it was expensive for what you got. There are too many options around to waste my time here again.I came here for brunch, and loved the atmosphere. The place is very small so it is good for groups of 2-4. I ordered the eggs Nola and they were pretty good. The service was good and fast. Would definitely recommend coming here if you like eggs, sandwiches, and salads.Cannot go wrong here!!  Innovative sandwiches, Mac and Cheese, oh, did I say Mac and Cheese pie with bacon??!!!  
Sit outside in the back and feel like you are somewhere quaint.  Bring your dog if you would like.Love this little spot. Glad light lunch spots are opening in Philly with creative sandwiches and salads with excellent ingredients that don't leave you comotose in the afternoon.  The ex-pat was especially amazing.  Don't miss the Mac and cheese either.  The desserts looked amazing but I didn't splurge this time.  Anyone who makes a cake that looks like that knows what they are doing.  
Also make sure you sit in the back courtyard under the shade tree.  
Would love to see a few more less standard cheeses in the case. Maybe exploring the great  American creameries like Vella brothers or Rogue or beehive for instance -  which might be a nice niche to compete against Di Bruno, which is very euro centric.  
Good start guys!Wedge + Fig is an adorable,pleasant restaurant and they are dedicated to their menu and service.  Although my last visit was above average, hardly extraordinary, I am eager to visit them again.  It is a lively, welcoming spot for weekend brunch, for both locals and out-of-towners.  No pretentiousness, just mounds of cheese, fresh bread, and happiness.Cute little cafe in Olde City. My boyfriend had planned a food tour around Philly, and this was our first stop for our appetizer round. We let ourselves be at the mercy of the waitress as we did not know what cheeses to order (we selected the 5 cheese tray for $25). We described a few cheeses we knew we liked, and she asked a few questions. What she selected for us ended up being really good although the "drunken goat cheese" was our favorite. It came with bread, fig cake, honey walnut & quince paste so we had a blast just trying different combinations. The entire staff was so friendly and warm. The sandwiches that I saw other people order looked so amazing. it's a BYOB spot too. I would definitely come again.Very cute little cafe. They have very few seats so plan to wait for brunch on weekend. Lovely decor with paintings of cheese wedges. The food is good and the service awesome! They sell cheese. Love it as a vegetarian as they replace meat in dishes with veggie "meat". Awesome overall!Could be a GREAT brunch place but they DON'T SERVE ALCOHOL. 
You can brown bag it or BYOB, just be forewarned since a bloody Mary is a staple of brunch for most people. :)
Lovely staff though and creative menu.Staff are friendly enough but, lets be honest, if you're going to open a place centered around cheese, you'd better have some wicked good cheese. They don't.came in here for some bites and it was delicious! would love to return for a proper brunch and more cheese and sandwiches.We were seated quickly in the garden on a cold day- they have heaters back there that definitely make it warm enough! Their salads are wonderful with healthy portions. Great service and suggestions from the staff. Were helpful when asked about substitutions on the menu. Highly recommend this place!I've always loved Wedge + Fig for its sandwiches and soups, cheese, and delicious brunch (hello french press coffee!). So I was super excited when I saw they were offering dinner entrees as well. Back in October I suggested it to a date and we settled down with a bottle of cabernet for a lovely evening. Our waiter helped us pick three cheeses for a cheese plate. I love the quince paste and their slate cheese boards. I had The Blue Line and it was simply to die for. I've never had brussel sprouts as an entree before but with the addtion of cheese, bacon, and walnuts it was incredibly flavorful and satisfying. My date had the bacon lattice mac and cheese pie which you simply cannot go wrong with. 
There was only one other party there and the pace of the meal was laid back and relaxed. My date was super impressed with my recomendation and I couldn't have been happier. Be aware that they aren't open particularly late and service, while attentive, is not what you'd call speedy. This is a place to savor your meal. And to order dessert. Please, order dessert.Be prepared to fight for brunch. Two minutes before open no one will be there, but then the bourgeois will swarm waiting with polite, but ever so thick tension for an employee to come out and begin seating. All for a spot in the coveted backyard garden. It's so flippin' cute in there. 
I used to live around the corner and I've been here at least 20 times. The atmosphere is quaint and Europeanesque, the menu items standard with a twist, and the dessert case is to freakin' die for. They have lemon bars, and little goat cheese cheesecakes and probably tons of other things that rotating through. My favorite part of any visit is going up to the dessert case with a friend and picking what we will split.
My only main critique are the plates. They serve salads with tons of toppings (mmm good) on these long dishes with the dressing on the side that make it basically impossible to get that perfect bite, or eat without stuff falling off the side. But...that's pretty minor.
The food is semi-rustic, and doesn't aim for perfection. I've had dishes that I wished were served piping hot instead of lukewarm, and a few other things have been similarly off, but that's part of the charm. I always feel like I'm at someone's house and they're whipping together a quick but heartfelt meal for me. My favorite is the QE2 Coronation Chicken sandwich...especially when I get lucky and they put an extra thick slice of aged cheddar on there. MMMMM. Did I mention that next to the dessert case they have a case filled with incredible cheeses that they highlight all throughout their menu????You really need to go online and peruse the menu.  Many have mentioned how creative the food is.  That's an understatement!  
Here is an example of one extremely delicious sandwich-
Tamanend - Brie, House-Roasted Turkey Breast, Walnut Mustard Aioli, Mango + Arugula on Brioche
The atmosphere is great and the staff is super friendly.  
This is a great addition to the Old City scene.  If you are tired of cheesesteaks and hoagies stop by here and amaze your taste buds.Fantastic little restaurant!
If you want to try a great breakfast while walking around Philly that's a 15 minute walk to the historical sites, choose this one!  My friends and I wanted to get a quick breakfast while in the city and yelp had this at 4.5 Stars-- was not disappointed. I had the pick your own brunch , chose the eggs over easy with cheddar and goat cheese on top of bacon and ham.
My gf had the eggs Benedict over homemade cornbread.. Amazing!  
Things to definitely get -- chocolate chip scones!! Best scones I've ever had!!
Things to watch out for-- small space, so get a reserved table!
Will definitely  try this place again.My experience at Wedge + Fig was one of the most enjoyable I've had in Philadelphia. 
I went to Wedge + Fig with two close friends as a pseudo graduation send-off Saturday brunch, on Penn's graduation weekend. Naturally, it was packed with students and parents, but the kind waitress took down our number and suggested we go admire the beauty of Olde City for 20 minutes. We did, and promptly 20 minutes later, we were called back and seated in the beautiful backyard garden. 
My friends and I are cheese novices, so upon sitting down, the waiter offered us some excellent cheese suggestions based on what we'd liked in our cheese past. (Get the Ewephoria cheese! It's incredible!) After we had devoured our very unique cheese plate (which was cutely accompanied by fig cake, bread, and quince paste,) our waiter made spot-on recommendations. My friends got a brunchy egg-based dish, and a quinoa salad, respectively, and were satisfied with their dishes. But being at a cheese restaurant, I just HAD to go for the grilled cheese bar! Based on the ingredients I wanted in the sandwich (which were numerous and very unique, in some cases,) my server made cheese and bread recommendations. I ended up getting gouda, tomato, and avocado on pumpernickel, which was EXCELLENT, despite how strange it might seem. The bread was perfectly pressed and the cheese was so gooey and melty, but not excessively so. Ah, it was just perfect.
The ambiance of the outdoor garden was beautiful, with its flourishing greenery, cobblestone, and peeking sunlight. The staff was very friendly as well, though we ended up waiting for a while in between courses. I think that was the fault of coming on graduation weekend, though, and it allowed me to spend more time with my friends, so I'm not complaining. 
Overall, Wedge + Fig is one of the cutest BYOs in the city. I highly recommend it--but if you go, you've got to get something with cheese in it!Ok so here's the thing-- the reason I go out to eat is for delicious food and great ambiance/experiences. Based on others' reviews, I can see why Wedge & Fig is a great spot. Having prefaced that, the 2 star rating:
I really wanted to go here for the bacon latticed mac n cheese, which was amazing, and to see in the garden. When we arrived for Sunday brunch, naturally there was a small wait, about 20 mins we were told. We gave our name and number to be called when our garden seating was available. When 30 mins had passed, we decided to check in and see how our progress was. We were told that my number was called and a voicemail was left (no record of either on my phone). We were pressed for time, and rather than wait 20 mins again for another garden table to open up, we were offered an immediate indoor table. Not a huge deal, but for us the garden was one of the major draws to this place.
When we were seated, the host said he would send our waitress over. In my mind that means "newly seated customers, let me get to them for water/introductions." Not the case. I understand they were busy, but the establishment isn't terribly large either. Then, the waitress asks for our order. This is what really surprised me. Because they aren't open on Mondays, they don't stock as much food on Sundays-- they run out of menu items! We came for the mac n cheese latticed bacon. Good thing we placed the order when we did, because we got the very last one at 1:30p, and they closed at 3:30p. Had that been 86'd, we would've wound up leaving, since that was the other reason why we wanted to eat there. Additionally, they were out of the sandwich we both wanted (Blue Hen) and the alternative salad choice (Modern Waldorf). I didn't understand why the kitchen would be so depleted on such a heavy brunch day, regardless of being closed Monday. We found 2 other sandwich options we liked and ordered those.
So, having said all that, I've rated it 2 stars from my experience today. If you're looking to try this place, by all means give it a go. The garden looked awesome, the inside had a quaint atmosphere, the latticed bacon mac n cheese was bomb, and the sandwiches were tasteful. Just don't plan on having everything well-stocked at 1:30p on a Sunday for brunch.All the food was great.  I went with 7 people and they were very attentive. From the specials to the French toast, everything was delicious and everyone was able to find something yummy to eat. Deff coming backIf you like cheese, you need to get yourself on over here.  Weather permitting, you can enjoy your meal out in the garden, where I had the popular and very tasty Tamarend sandwich:  brie, turkey breast, a flavorful walnut mustard aioli, mango, and arugula on a brioche bun.  We followed up with a moist chocolate chip cookie brownie.  Great spot!Wedge and Fig has a "Build Your Own Grilled Cheese" option. I mean, c'mon. How could you not try this place?
I decided to stick to a simple grilled cheese of whole wheat bread, mozzarella, tomato, and pesto. It was pretty solid - the bread was hearty and the cheese was perfectly gooey. The only downside was that it was soggy (maybe because of the pesto?). I got a side of the quinoa garbanzo bean salad, which I was disappointed with. It could have used more seasoning, and it was extremely small for $4. My friend got the bacon lattice mac and cheese pie (yes, you read that correctly), which she said was very decadent but of course delicious. If I come here again, I think that I would try a more unique menu offering, as well as order some cheeses off of their menu of probably 30+ cheeses. The desserts also looked great, especially the lemon bars.
Diners have the choice of sitting inside or sitting in the courtyard behind the restaurant. Sit in the courtyard! It is so charming... stone walls, potted flowers, tapestry, etc. Seating, both inside and in the courtyard, is very limited, so I would not recommend coming here with a group larger than five.Cheese selection is awesome & waiter made nice recommendations based on wine we brought with us.This place is awesome! It is my favorite place to eat brunch. The cheese is amazing and they have so many options. Omelettes are perfectly cooked and the seasoning on the potatoes is epic. The salads are great also. I've done the mac n' cheese lattice. It is very good. Pretty rich though, so don't underestimate it. They also use a french press for coffee, so for those that like their coffee bold (like myself), it's great.
The service is awesome as well. They're super friendly and try to get you in as quickly as they can. Even when they are busy and there is a wait, they'll usually be able to get you seated in about 15 minutes.
As to ambience, the garden is beautiful. We've eaten outside twice now, including in the fall when it was a bit chilly. But they have heat lamps so it was still comfortable.
The one thing I would mention (and I say mention because I think it's a benefit) is that it is BYOB. They're more than happy to uncork whatever you bring.
Wedge + Fig is a must visit for anyone in Philly!Delicious! Went on a Friday night with some friends and everything was great. The staff was super friendly and helpful if we had questions. 
There is a little garden out back which is a beautiful setting for dinner. 
All of the food was incredible. We had the Coronation Chicken Salad and the Mac and cheese. Both were great! Can't wait to go back to try the grilled cheese. 
And it's BYOB!Yes Please! 
First thing's first- one person in our party of 5 was running about a half an hour late due to inclement weather. Our server politely informed us that the kitchen closes at 9 (we had a 7:30 reservation) but I didn't feel pressured to hurry up and order. 
Don't be fooled by what looks like a pretty limited menu. It doesn't matter how many other options they have because A) mac & cheese and B) make your own grilled cheese bar. Done and done.
We got the mac & cheese entree to share as an appetizer, and I'm glad we opted for the larger portion because anything smaller would have been not enough mac for 5 wine guzzling cheese lovers. It was creamy and delicious and came with a much welcomed simply dressed side salad.
Entree wise, everyone opted to create their own grilled cheese. I went for whole wheat/havarti/whole grain mustard/avocado/grilled onions/ham. Oh my god it was so good. Drooling slightly. The worst part about this whole experience was having to choose from all the goodness. Several other versions made their way to our table- someone made a version of a breakfast sammy with bacon, there was another one with fig spread and a fried egg... ugh. What a delectable cheese fest this was. 
Desserts proved to be equally immaculate- we tried the chocolate lava cake, a pound cake special, and the coffee mousse chocolate contraption. 
I will say prices were a little steep for the other entree options, but that meatloaf was calling to me. I would for sure come back.So good as always!! Came two days in a row :)  yesterday I had the generation beet salad and potato leek soup-amazing!! 
Today for lunch I had the quinoa garbanzo salad, no feta because I'm vegan and the summer squash soup. Soo good!!!!
My boyfriend made his own sandwich: Brie, bacon, tomato, apple, honey mustard. And he couldn't stop talking about it.
Love this place!!!Have been here a couple times and it's definitely a solid spot to check out over and over again.
Had the Jawn and tried some mac & cheese as well.  Both above average sandwiches and the menu is filled with fresh, seasonal sandwiches, nice selection of cheeses, tea, etc.
Nothing I've had here has jumped out as spectacular, but it's a great spot for a light-ish meal as sandwiches are smaller than a lot of places (this is a good thing) and they usually accompany them with some greens as well.
Garden seating area in the back is very cool too.  Will be perfect once the weather cools a bit.So. Build your own grilled cheese... dangerous. Multiple studies have shown that having too many choices can actually be a bad thing, since it can cause greater buyer's remorse and less happiness with your decision (there's even a fun book about this called The Paradox of Choice!).
So naturally I was incredibly stressed out by this amazing, cheese-filled menu. But I went with fontina, apple, and fig spread on white bread and our nice server confirmed that this sounded like a delicious choice. 
Great news - no buyer's remorse here! It was absolutely delicious and comforting. I am trying to wait a few weeks before returning to try another yummy combo (mostly because I like to pretend I'm a healthy eater), but it's proving difficult. The BYO part is icing on the (cheese) cake.I have been going to wedge and fig intermittently for almost 4 years.
usually for lunch, getting take out, it used to be a decent amount of time turn around.
over the years it has  gotten slower and slower to receive food for take out.
eventually it happened  that I had waited about 25 minutes for an egg salad.... when there was only one  table in the restaurant occupied and about 4 or 5 people in the kitchen..... that was when I wrote them off.. unless they had to individually boil the eggs and make the salad from scratch that's nuts...
.. fast forward to today its cold I was craving soup so I went to wedge  and fig, I asked if for a side salad I could just have mixed greens like they put when u order a sandwhich, offering to pay the 4 dollars that the other side salads cost, such as quinoa and tuna etc. they said of course no problem.
when I got back to my job to eat my lunch and opened the container with my "side salad it was seriously disappointing.. I think the put about a table spoon of lettuce in there plopping the bread that comes with the soup on top cool thanks for the soggy lettuce. and I paid 4 dollars for it  wtf my coworker who I showed the  salad too was like "wait you paid for that that's insane."  They just continually disappoint the foods ok but I never thought anything blew me away. I have only ever written one other yelp review in my life f this place also a soup and what I guess they call a side salad costs 10 bucks everyone at my job has basically given up hope for that place its over priced and there service continues to diminish atleast the kitchen service has. (so im eating the soup right now its  really salty- lunch fail )I love this place! My wife and I just relocated to Old City from Houston and were happy to find such an amazing spot a few blocks from our home.
My 1st experience was the bacon lattice Mac & cheese...wow! Basically it's like a mini Mac & cheese pie filled with chefs choice blend of cheeses...topped off with a lattice of some of the best bacon I have ever had. Every visit I have had since does not disappoint.
The owner and staff are warm and friendly. You can really taste when an establishment cares about the food they prepare...and believe me this place cares!I went to The Wedge and Fig today for lunch. I've been
there before and enjoyed it, but it was really great today.
We had the cheese tray( delicious) and salads etc.
The food was very good, service, not rushed very pleasant
Atmosphere!Jamie and I went her with her girls for brunch, and it was outstanding:
Tiny charming french country decor, brightly colored with a nice little rock garden in the front window, housing about 8-10 small tables.  We did not have to wait at the peak of the Sunday brunch rush hour, nor did anyone else coming in while we were there between 11:30 and 1, another compelling reason to eat here, if you do not love waiting in lines. 
NOLA Benedict:  perfectly poached eggs divinely sauced, with the best ham I have ever tasted (peppered and smoky and rustic), mindfully roasted taters, and moist cornbread muffins acting as pedestals for the eggs.
Basic Eggs Breakfast with sausage:  best breakfast sausage I have ever eaten (and I have been eating sausage for 50 years), with nicely fried over easy eggs and those same roasted potatoes.
Palooka Sandwich:  french spin on a Philly roast pork sammie, with gruyere and a sriracha mayo that makes your taste buds stand up and pay attention, very nice.  The meat to bread ration was a bit lean by my standards, but probably correct la France'.
Each brunch entree was served with a delicately dressed green salad, which provided a nice respite between rich and salty bites of the other residents on the plat.
I highly recommend this place for any meal (they have started dinner service recently), for simple, mindfully prepared bistro fare.  BYOB, too, presenting a lovely opp to bring your favorite bottle o wine for one of the Wedge's legendary (in Yelp) cheese plates.I'm moving to Old City in the spring, and I couldn't be happier that Wedge + Fig will be in my new hood.  Hawthornes will always be my first love, but W+F might be a close second!
I am a sucker for good french press coffee, and my beau and I enjoyed it so much that we ordered the large - twice!  I ordered the eggs NOLA which may be one of my favorite brunch meals I've had in Philly - the cornbread was delicious and perfectly soaked up the poached egg.  The Cajun-spiced Tasso ham was thinly sliced and reminded me more of bacon than ham (that's a compliment)!  Oh, and the lemon parmesan potatoes?!  Wow.
My DP knew walking in that he was going to order the bacon-lattice mac & cheese pie and he was definitely not disappointed.  It's something you can't get anywhere else in the city, especially for brunch!
They only take reservations for brunch for their first seating at 10:30, but I had no trouble snagging a table for two by calling the night before.  I'm glad I took the time to call, because every chair in this cozy little cafe was full by 10:35!
Service was lovely and we never felt hurried, even though there were many brunchgoers anxiously awaiting an open table.  Can't wait to return with a bottle of bubbly once I move!Lovely intimate setting with a superb cheese selection. We tried a selection of 5 cheeses paired with nuts, berries and figs, all drizzled with local honey. The cheeses were divine, only to be improved by the pairings. The mac and cheese entree was a little disappointing, the sandwiches and other entrees were inspired and tasty.Went to grab a quick take out lunch and purchased their egg salad sandwich. Their chocolate chip cookie looked great, so added that to my order. When I got home, after paying $12+, I was shocked to see that not even a simple pickle or small bag of chips was included in my order. Wouldn't recommend to anyone for the price. Last time I checked, a pickle or small bag of chips probably would cost less than a dollar!Use the door to the left of the front entrance and walk down the long hallway to sit in the garden out back.  After you're finished eating, swing back around into the main dining room and check out their amazing cheese selection.
The flavor combinations are unbelievable on every sandwich, but some can be heavier than others so make sure you ask about a meat or cheese from the menu that you've never heard of.  The waitstaff is entirely knowledgeable.  I love the truffled egg salad sandwich, but you can also order a side of egg salad by itself.  Don't forget to order one of their amazing pickles with whatever you get.
BYOB, local artwork on the walls, and fresh baguettes to go... this is my favorite brunch/lunch spot in Old City.Small restaurant aside from the cheese shop. Very large menu and pretty tasty. I had sat at the garden in the back. It was pretty nice, however, needed additional decorations to make it better. 
The eggs NOLA style were good, but definitely like it would be in New Orleans. Need more Cajun influence!I received a message from the business letting me know that the person who was so rude to us and to at least 2 other parties was in fact the owner.  All of us left and went to other local eateries.  You can read the full review for additional details on our treatment.  They thanked me for my feedback but encouraged me to spend my dime elsewhere where I am more comfortable.  Will do!After being on vacation for almost a week and eating nasty fried fast foods/dinners out I was VERY happy to eat here! I got the Cobb salad and it was delicious, served with a small piece of yummy sourdough bread. It was a wonderful, fresh, healthy alternative to what I've been eating! =) Yeah for my regular diet!I have been wanting to try this place since it opened but never seem to find myself in Old City. I finally made it there this past Sunday afternoon for brunch, armed with a bottle of wine and a Daily Candy voucher that included a three-cheese plate and two entrees for $27 (supposedly a $54 value).
We sat outside, which we both loved since the weather was absolutely beautiful this weekend. Once seated, we found the service to be erratic and slow. Small glasses and a jug of room temperature water arrived, then we waited.. and waited.. and waited for menus. The table next to us was seated about five minutes after we arrived, and they were already placing their orders by the time we got our menus. When we got our menus I asked for wine glasses, which didn't come for another 5-10 minutes. 
We ordered beemster, ewephoria (my new favorite cheese!!), and a Brie for our cheese plate, with two condiments -- candied walnuts and fig cake. We weren't crazy about these and hardly touched them (although my sister did end up eating the candied walnuts alone later) but the cheese was great and the man who served it to us extremely knowledgeable, at least to our novice palates. 
For brunch I got the Shackamaxon, which was a Brie and turkey panini with mango, arugula, and mustard. My sister got the Cobb salad, as recommended by the waitress. The food was just.. meh. It wasn't anything spectacular and hardly memorable. My panini, especially the turkey, tasted dry and really needed something to pick it up. My sister's Cobb didn't even come with the bacon, as promised on the menu, though the presentation was pretty.
And of note, the total bill came out to be $34 or so without the voucher, and didn't include the tax, so ultimately I didn't save that much money by purchasing the Daily Candy deal. Factoring in tax, tip, and the price I paid for the wine, this was a pricey little meal that neither of us loved, nor will we even remember in the next few months (except the ewephoria, which I have already bought a wedge of at Di Bruno Brothers).Sitting in the garden was a huge plus! Gorgeous autumn day. Sweet waitress told us the specials which sounded incredible. Got the Cherve and tomato omelet an the strata...the strata was to die for! Will 100% come back.A hidden gem of Old City! W&F is consistently delicious with friendly waitstaff. Ask for a seat on the patio and you'll never want to leave.Cheese plate. Yes. Yesssss. Need I say more? Ok, I will. They have this secret garden seating in the back of the restaurant, which is super cute! I've also been here for brunch, which was delicious as well! Ok back to the cheese plate. I will be back. For all the cheese plates. I will have ALL the cheese plates. 
Warning, though...they close early! I think they close at 8pm on most days and then maybe 6 or 7pm on Sundays, which is crazy for a restaurant in old city, but just keep that in mind.Wedge + Fig combines a warm atmosphere with my favorite thing on the planet - cheese! Their cheese boards are well thought out and paired really well. I often have no idea where to even begin when ordering cheese plates, so I usually ask the staff for advice. They're very knowledgeable and are happy to take the reins.
They have some great sandwiches on their menu, but the eggs NOLA are definitely the best thing I've had at Wedge and Fig. It's an eggs Benedict dish with cajun seasoned ham atop cornbread with a side of parmesan potatoes and a small salad. The cornbread was a little too crumbly, but everything still came together for a satisfying start to a lazy Sunday. I snuck a taste of my date's orange juice, which was perfectly sweet and definitely freshly squeezed.
There's an adorable little courtyard in the back with outdoor seating. There's enough room for several small tables and a fountain in the corner. They have heat lamps in the winter which keep you warm enough.
All in all, Wedge + Fig has a great selection of food and is a great place for casual meal.stopped by for lunch with friends.  Waitress greeted us, offered us a table and menus, all with a smile. Sandwiches are great and creative -- who would have thought of putting a slice of mango in a brie and turkey sandwich?!  The slight sweetness was balanced with a zesty mustard. Mmmm.  Definitely a five start sandwich for me!Wedge & Fig is a great stop for a delicious and very reasonably priced lunch in the heart of historical Philadelphia. The sit-down cafe is tiny, but there is garden seating behind a magical door that leads to a lovely terrace covered with canopies for shade and privacy. $9/$10 gourmet sandwiches and bottomless iced tea. The desserts and coffee were also very tasty although they didn't offer decaf.This place is now in my top 5!  What a quaint place with a unique (and shall I say fun) menu...and the food is amazing!  I had lentil soup with a fresh piece of baguette that was so perfectly tasty.  Also had the Billy Penn salad with a few modifications that include substituting goat cheese and no egg.  It was delicious!  My friend had one of their grilled cheese sandwiches and the special sandwich of the day...both of which were 5 stars.  I'm going to get back here very very soon!!
Oh...and the ambiance in the back patio area is wonderful!
GOOOOOO!!!!I met a friend for lunch and we wanted to sit in the garden, but it was full. We asked what the wait for be and the server said 20 minutes with no promises. We asked if we could just order a small app in hopes by the time we were done we could move outside but she told us if she starts us inside she rather us stay there bc it will be difficult to move our stuff outside which by that point shouldn't of been much or have been a hassle, but she didn't even end up waiting on us. So we ended up inside on an absolutely beautiful day which was a bummer. 
As for food we shared the summer squash which was fantastic! A panini of the day and the billy salad. The panini was hearty and very good, but I wasn't a fan of the salad because the dressing was too oilily. 
I am curious to see what else they have to offer and will be back.What an amazing place! We are always looking for new lunch/brunch places, and the BYOB aspect makes it even better. I had the Blue Figs sandwich with a little side salad. It was crispy and perfect! My boyfriend had the enormous William Penn salad. All of this, plus great service and ambience for $20 total. I also love that they display the work of local artists on the walls - the cheese oil paintings were very appropriate and mouth-watering!
I can't wait to join their monthly social club for some exciting cheese boards! My only complaint is that everyone loves them too much and it's hard to get a table. But, they were kind enough to give us a call during our wait time to tell us that it might be longer than expected. Very kind and considerate service. I have a feeling they will be open for a long time - and I can't wait to visit again.Had brunch at wedge and fig for the second time. We were able to sit outside in the garden, which added to the experience. I had the eggs Nola twice now and they are delicious! It is eggs, ham and hollandaise. The dish comes with potatoes and salad. The first time my friend had the bacon lattice Mac n cheese. Can't go wrong with that dish. I was disappointed that both times they were out of the strata. I'd love to just sit in their garden and have a cup of coffee. Good service and I was surprised that we didn't have to wait long at 11:30 on a Sunday.Enough to make me wish I lived in the neighborhood! With cheese being my very favorite thing in this world, this place is what I envision my little piece of heaven to be like. Loved the selection, the charm, and the staff. Will be back for sure!My girlfriend took me here for a birthday dinner. She knows I like upscale but unfussy food. Wedge + Fig is fantastic, by this measure or any other. It was easy to find in Old City, and there are cute chalk boards with cheesy puns outside. We ate on the back patio. which is small but romantic. The waitress was friendly and knowledgeable. We are both well informed restaurant goers, but some of the exotic cheeses were over our heads. The waitress took time explaining the various options and helped us order a cheese platter that was to our liking. 
The cheese platter we were provided was positively awesome. The cheeses were very different but easy on the palette. Honey and nuts were a nice addition on the tray. The presentation of the cheeses was great. We were immediately impressed with this appetizer. The level of quality found in the cheese tray was a theme that continued throughout our evening. 
We ordered a small macaroni and cheese to split. It was savory and delicious. The bread crumbs were a nice touch, as they added some texture. 
The dinners we ordered were almost beyond description. As I sit here I'm trying to come to an adjective that isn't trite or over-used to describe how transcendent the food was. I ordered the meatloaf with gnocchi. The meatloaf was made with bourbon and Coca Cola, and was on the sweet side. The bed of cheesy gnocchi was the perfect counter weight to the meatloaf. This was an ideal dish by my standards. It was exquisite, intelligent, but not haughty. 
My girlfriend ordered the chicken with biscuits and blue cheese. I quote her directly when I refer to the dish as "from heaven." The chicken, which I tasted, was juicy and flavorful. The chicken was well seasoned, and the biscuits were also excellent. 
The chef came to our table to see how we were. We told him that we were especially pleased. Unexpectedly, he returned later with a free fruit pastry. Also delicious. 
Eating here was the highlight of my birthday. We will certainly be returning, probably for brunch.baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaacon
baaaaaaacon
Seriously, bacon. Delicious bacon lattice over a baked mac n cheese dish with bits of bacon inside. Seriously? SERIOUSLY. Loved this place. The entire party ordered the same thing.
We sat in the little garden in the back, which gives a big break from the city streets only 30 feet away. You do feel enclosed and away from the big city buildings. It's a plus. 
The prices were reasonable. It is BYO, though they do provide carafes of orange juice (No apple juice though). Very friendly atmosphere with great service.
The pastries all looked fresh and tasty. But it wasn't bacon, so I didn't try it.
 I'm ashamed of myself for not going again since my original visit a few months ago.OK, so, a few weeks ago I came in for a sandwich. I got the Ex-Pat, a delicious sandwich with Marmite on it. (The Earl of Sandwich would be proud.) Ever since then the taste of that sandwich has been haunting me; I've been craving the saltiness of the Marmite combined with the well balanced taste of the other ingredients in the sandwich. Sandwich. It was so good. The sandwich.
I keep thinking I'd like to go back and get another one. Sandwich. The only thing stopping me from doing so is that I thought the size of the sandwich was a little small for the price. Sandwich. More of a snack than a meal. I couldn't really justify the expense; I'm on a tight budget. So, then I had the bright idea that I'd go buy a jar of Marmite and make a sandwich at home. I went to the supermarket and didn't find any Marmite. I was disappointed. So, then I realized that I had something at home that could be a Marmite substitute. That's right, 2 Live Crew fans, Miso. So, I went home and made a sandwich and put some Miso on it. Sandwich. It was really good. Sandwich.
If you're poor like me and you don't have any Marmite in the pantry, you'll just make a sandwich at home and use some Miso. If you're rich you'll go to Wedge & Fig and get them to make you an awesome Ex-Pat sandwich. Sandwich. If you're still hungry after you eat it, just get them to make you another one.  Sandwich. What do you care, you're rich? Sandwich. Weird.The best brunch I have had in a long time! Too bad it's in Philly not NYC. I'll just have to visit my sister more just to go here to eat! The menu is great and we wanted to order everything but settled with a side of Mac and cheese (had to do it!), turkey Brie sandwich, and strata. Each were amazing in their own way. The Mac and cheese was a dryer style but had very flavorful cheeses in jt and came out with a perfect crunch. Both the sandwich and strata came out with a side salad which was the perfect addition to both plates. The sandwich was perfectly toasted and every flavor inside blended like a dream. The strata was not too eggy tasting or dry. The spinach and seasoning was spot on and every bite was moist and tasty. We will be back again and next time I plan to get a cheese plate and some homemade scones! I should've taken them for the road but we were so full after cleaning out plates! 
They also have a really cute outdoor garden in the back that is shaded so it is a perfect place to brunch.My girlfriend and I had a Valentine's Day lunch at Wedge & Fig yesterday and it was excellent. She had the panini of the day and I made my own grilled cheese. For the make your own grilled cheese you get to choose from a variety of breads, cheeses and tasty fillings.  I opted for fontina and apple on pretzel bread and it was absolutely delicious. Both sandwiches were served with a side salad of field greens with a vinaigrette. 
Wedge & Fig is also a BYO which is bonus points in my eyes. We plan to come back for dinner and brunch to try out their other offerings. The cheese selection is pretty great and the owner is happy to let  you taste before purchasing. They also serve french press One Village Coffee, hitting two of my sweet spots (supporting a local coffee roaster and offering french press) and Harney & Sons teas. Service was laid back and friendly. I can't wait for Spring so I can sit in their courtyard area.My friend and I heard great reviews about this place and decided to go for Sunday brunch. Unfortunately, I cannot comment on the food because I wasn't allowed to sit down. I had walked 2 miles to meet my friend here and was told that I could not sit until she had arrived. I asked the tall man with glasses if I could just sit at one of the many empty tables because I was thirsty, where he told me that they are usually busy on Sundays and could not seat me until my friend arrived. So I awkwardly stood in the almost empty cafe waiting.  I understand the policy when there is a wait or you are busy, but this was not the case and I felt unwelcome. The man then came up and said "your friend should pay the bill since she is making you wait". I was so uncomfortable that I just left. I have worked in the service industry for almost 10 years and would never treat a customer like that. We wanted this to be our new brunch spot, but now we are never coming back.Do you want a brunch that will make your tummy smile. This is the place. It's so delicious and the food varies from straight up comfort food to healthy fare.  Definitely give it a try.It's funny how you hear about places like this - after a couple of mentions in the local foody blogs and a few walk-bys, Wedge + Fig piqued my interest.  But it wasn't until the glowing newspaper review of the Jawn, a special panini-of-the-day, that I finally gave into impulse and made the trip down.  (A friendly phone call confirmed that the PotD was still in fact available for an early dinner purchase.)
Wedge + Fig is an adorable setting, kindly nestled in the heart of Old City buildings.  The main room is sprinkled with intimate tables and shelves full of crackers, jams and other cheese accessories.  They have a large fridge case: a dizzying selection of cheeses on the left, homemade foods and desserts on the right.  Smiles abound from the staff and a lot of friendly conversation are apt to occur.
But let's talk about the Jawn panini.  It was duly purchased, quickly ferried back to my car through the pouring rain, and about to drive home when the smell hit me.  I couldn't help it: I opened the box and took a bite.  Chaos ensued.  Can you imagine a tiny Chinese girl happily gnawing on her panini on the side of the road in busy Old City?  That was me plowing through the Jawn in all of its butter-fried turkey, pork roll, melted cheddar and jalapeno-dijon aioli glory.  Guy sandwich be damned.
I'm definitely coming back, and not because I hope they start carrying the Jawn on their regular menu.  Thankfully, work is only a few blocks away, and I'm definitely putting this spot on my list of go-to places for weekday lunches.We stopped by for lunch and were able to get a table right away, which was good because it's a small place!  The food was delicious but the service could have been better.  We all did the build your grilled cheese but our server didn't know anything about the specialty cheeses so it made it very frustrating to decide what to order.  She said that she didn't know anything about the cheeses here and spend her downtime slumped over the counter.  Perhaps brush up on some cheese cards in between customers!  It also took over 30 min to get our 3 grilled cheeses.  Then when we got the bill I was double charged for one of my cheese selections.  While the food was really good, I won't go out of my way to go back.Nola all the way!
Was hoping to try Billy Penn Salad as well but never got a chance to go back in our limited time in Philly. Shame!
Judging by the photos and reviews by fellow Yelpers, this joint rightfully has a reputation as a go-to place. Clean cute decor, friendly knowledgeable staff, but above all, their food -NOLA- was absurdly delicious, I literally licked my plate clean. So effortless.I have been coming here for years, and on every visit, the freshness and selection of cheeses along with the warmth and inviting atmosphere, always drew me in and I had wonderful experiences!!  Now under new owners, I stopped for lunch and had a very delicious sandwich of fresh turkey and wonderful condiments!  I also ordered cheeses that I later indulged in-They were fresh and beautiful and quite scrumptious.
A delightful place for breakfast, lunch, or brunch in a very Bohemian, artsy, and special part of downtown Philadelphia!!
Enjoy a delicious lunch in a place that feels like someone's home, and then walk the streets and take in all this area has to offer!
And be sure to take home some of the owner's delicious cheese options: you will never be disappointed!
There is also a wonderful back patio to enjoy lunch or brunch outdoors, when the weather permits!My husband, a friend and I stopped here for lunch today.  I love the cheerful and inviting decor.  I had the Tamenen sandwich.  The turkey and mango combination was deliciously enhanced with a walnut mustard aioli that gave it a nice kick.  Everything is freshly prepared and nicely presented.  The waitress was beyond friendly.  Wish I had room to try one of the luscious looking desserts.  Highly recommend.Mike was awesome! I went in there unsure of what I wanted, and he suggested the Euphoria as well as the Cambazola cheeses right off the bat. Both were insanely tasty and wonderful, and I ended up bringing them home to a very happy boyfriend who loved them both as well.Came here with friends for a late brunch one Sunday. It's a tiny little spot but it didn't feel cramped. The wait for our food was fairly long, and probably seemed longer because we were all starving! We ordered a bunch of salads and a side of mac and cheese.
My salad was DELECTABLE. I've been fantasizing about recreating it at home ever since. Spring greens, toasted halved almonds, perfectly cured prosciutto, and  marinated figs, and manchego. It was delicious but I do have one complaint--one of my little manchego slices was from the waxy, not-that-edible part of the wedge. That is cheap and annoying.
Most of my dining partners enjoyed their salads, although one of my friends said hers was not that great. Also, the mac and cheese was strangely bad! Strange, because this restaurant has an entire cheese counter and specializes in delicious cheeses. But the mac and cheese was bland, needed salt, did not have a good blend of cheeses, and generally in terms of texture, appearance, and taste, seemed like it was made at least two days in advance. I really should have asked the waiter to take it away but by the time we each had a bite of it, it was half gone, so I felt like that would be too awkward.
Seriously, Wedge + Fig, fix your mac and cheese. It's embarassingly bad for a place that is supposed to be priding itself on cheese selections.
I also tasted a salad that had chickpeas and quinoa and it was delish! So I'd definitely recommend this place for tasty, inventive salads.I can't believe I haven't left a review for this place yet. This is one of my favorite restaurants in Philly and it's not just because it's a cheese based menu, although that would do it for me. The location is very small, but in the summer they open up their beautiful courtyard in the back that has more seating, so be warned that you'll probably need a reservation. The only downside is they close pretty early. Like 9pm. But everything else is perfect. It's byob, the staff is incredible and EVERYTHING IS DELICIOUS. Also the location is super ideal. Right in old city near everything. They have a build your own grilled cheese bar, but your cheese options expand beyond cheddar. You can choose from manchego and brie and asiago or whatever selection they have that day. A friend of mine ordered the bacon mac n cheese and said it was delicious. If I could eat here all the time and not blow up like a balloon I totally would.I wish I could eat here every day so I could try every single sandwich this place has to offer. I had the blue cheese and fig preserves sandwich on a pretzel roll. Talk about delicious! The restaurant also has a wide variety of cheeses available to taste. This is a must visit brunch or lunch spot if you happen to be in the area.First off, the service was amazing! Our waitress was really friendly. The poached eggs on the Eggs NOLA were perfect. Everything on the menu sounded so good so my friend and I ordered our own dishes and then split the French toast special. We left feeling SO full but it was worth it. Also, the prices are crazy reasonable for such awesome food and service. I already want to go back.I went to Wedge & Fig for lunch on a weekday and was greeted by extremely friendly staff members. I had trouble choosing what to order on the menu, because so many items looked amazing. The sandwich that I decided on was delicious (although a bit pricy). But Wedge & Fig is a great lunch spot that I would highly recommend!One of my favorite restaurants/cheese shops in Philadelphia.
Wedge & Fig is a wonderful experience for cheese and food lovers.
Unpretentious and consistent - a true rarity in the up and coming snotty and holier than thou Philadelphia food scene.  Hey I  am not bitter :)
Go if you love good cheese and good food. Also ask the staff questions I have always found them helpful. 
Bathrooms were clean.I'll keep it quick and simple.  
Yes, you should try it out.  Good service, interesting menu- and if you like cheese, this is the place.  The brunch menu and specials that i sampled were top notch.I don't even care that it sometimes take 20mins to get a sandwich - I could eat their tampenade and a chocolate chip cookie for lunch every day!  I've journeyed across town when it was far from convenient just for this and even craved it while I was away on break.  This place really is a must go!This lettle spot near historic independence area of Philly is a gem.  We ducked in out of the heat last week and enjoyed a cooling salad with fresh fruit and wonderful cheeses.  The service is attentive and knowledgeable.  The desserts looked So Yummy, but with time of day and excessive heat outside, had to give them a pass.  Next time--coffee hour for sure!!The food is edible and the place is cute enough, but this doesn't even come close to making up for the rude encounter with someone who, I assume, is the owner.  We met at Wedge and Fig for a nice celebratory brunch in honor of our recent wedding.  We brought champagne and vodka for some mimosas and screwdrivers.  They are a BYOB so I assumed this would not be a problem.  And it wasn't at first.  We enjoyed some cocktails and finally our food.  When the bill came, the owner came over to our table and scolded us for bringing "the hard stuff" into his restaurant.  Very condescending like.  We felt like children.  It was rude, embarrassing, and unnecessary.  Needless to say, we will not be back.My co-worker and I treat ourselves to lunch at Wedge + Fig about once every six weeks or so.  This quaint, little Old City gem has an awesome rear courtyard dining space, and the food is always fresh and tasty.  Great place for filling salads and homemade soups.  Obviously their selection of cheeses is top notch as well.  
Service is typically courteous and prompt... sometimes they give you a hard time when you ask them to split a check, or run more than one credit card... but other than that, I adore this place!!I am a sucker for cheese, grilled cheese, and macaroni and cheese and this place just has it all. Located in a beautiful part of Old City, this quaint little restaurant is perfect for a cheesy lunch meal.
They have awesome sandwiches on their menu, chock full of gourmet cheeses and interesting pastes and toppings. But what I love most about this place is the build your own grilled cheese/panini option, where you can select spreads, cheeses, pastes, toppings, and gourmet ingredients (like fried egg!) for your very own hot-pressed sandwich.
It makes for an interesting dining experience, especially if you are a lover of cheese. If you feel overwhelmed by the menu, definitely ask the servers for recommendations based on your taste preferences. When I was creating my sandwich, I wasn't sure between all the cheese options on the menu and the server was kind enough to suggest a cheese for me as well as the addition of truffled honey! It was amazing!  
TIP: Go for the sandwiches over the mac & cheese. Tastes so much better and feels much more worth it!My spontaneous dinner with my boyfriend could not have gone any better. As soon as we walked through the door we were greeted by a tall gentleman. He directed us to the garden area and we were immediately seated. Our waitress was very sweet and kind. We both had grilled cheese sandwiches and it was amazing. Both of us enjoyed the atmosphere and the food. Will definitely be back!Stopped into this restaurant not expecting too much and that is what happened. Place basically no frills and night I was there was empty. First clue since it was a Saturday night at 7pm. Service was efficient. Mac&cheese was good as it should b since this restaurant highlights there cheese selection. I ordered a grilled cheese sandwich which u build urself. Wheat bread, Gouda  cheese, cucumbers and ham. Really was expecting to see the best grilled cheese sandwich ever. Totally underwhelmed to the point I looked in my sandwich to c if there was cheese. Asked about dessert (brownie, apple turnover, chocolate cookies) and was going to order one when I asked if they had any ice cream and told no. Then asked if they had any whip cream and again no. They r able to drip some caramel but declined. Ok if u r going to b a small item bistro pls have some staples for dessert. Would not go back.I came with a friend and we split the following: 3 wrapped dates in prosciutto stuffed with cheese and jalapenos served on a honeyed greek yogurt with balsamic reduction; bacon-lattice mac + cheese pie with a side salad. The staff was very courteous and asked throughout the meal how we were enjoying our meal, and my mouth is watering just thinking about how on point both dishes were! Props to whoever thought of the mac & cheese in the form of a PIE with bacon in the mac & cheese and layered on top. I'm in love, must come back.Had a light dinner here (our choice) this week. The fruit gazpacho, as strange as it may sound, was a delight. Had a special pulled pork with chimichurri and my wife had the mac & cheese. Both were outstanding.Salad greens were extremely fresh and interesting, dressed just right. Flourless chocolate cake was also outstanding, as was the service. It's a BYO. We ate inside because of a late heat wave, but this was no hardship at all.We stumbled upon this Olde City hole-in-the-wall and decided to betray our traditional Sunday, cheese-centered, brunchy-lunchy establishment to give Wedge & Fig a shot.
I am glad that we did. 
The atmosphere and staff are arguably the best aspects of this restaurant. We were immediately seated in the garden, a small courtyard in the backside of the restaurant, shaded by a large tree and high brick walls. There were several other tables with diners, but the small space was quiet enough to enjoy reading the newspaper. 
Onto the staff. Our waiter was awesome. In addition to being extremely attentive and friendly, he was both knowledgeable and honest about dishes and cheeses. Rather than give the traditional cow/sheep/goat description, he took the time to describe the various cheeses in terms that all sorts of diners would understand.
And finally the food.
1) This may sound simple, but having French Press coffee at a small establishment always makes me smile. Nice touch.
2) The potatoes were fantastic. Slightly roasted, with lemon zest and a dash of cheese gave these a lighter taste than your traditional breakfast spuds. No ketchup needed here.
3) Paninis are apparently a recent addition, and a good one at that. As other reviewers have mentioned, they are wonderfully creative. I don't even remember what my girlfriend ordered, except for that it was the special of the day and that she ate every bite. 
My panini presented the only drawback - I had the Blue Fig, a seemingly delicious concoction of fourme d'ambert, fig spread, and prosciutto. The cheese/meat combination was fairly strong, with a bit of a salty punch. Only problem? I couldn't pull apart the prosciutto, no matter how hard I tried. Interesting taste, hard to eat.
Definitely stop by and give Wedge & Fig a try. Fantastic atmosphere and staff paired with a creative menu make this a great addition to the neighborhood.Two thumbs up for Wedge & Fig! 
Just started a new job in Old City and Wedge & Fig has been my go-to place for lunch. Where to begin, incredible artisan cheese boards, sandwiches, and panini.
Oh and the macaroni and cheese is crazy delicious also. 
The decore of the place is awesome. They have a beautiful garden area that is so gorgeous, if you go for lunch it's difficult pulling yourself away. It's like being transported to an al fresco cafe in Paris! The clientele is a mixed bag of corporate types, and creatives, all bonding over there love for cheese and bread. The price is a little steep for lunch, so I usually go just once a week and brown bag it the rest. 
It's definitely worth it. I like to go with friends who work in the neighborhood,  or just hang out by myself, read a magazine, eat some cheese sandwiches and soak up some much needed vitamin D from the sun dappling in through the trees....heaven!
Service is good, some of the staff are really knowledgeable about cheese. It can get a bit dicey when it gets busy but I'm sure they will work that out, maybe put on another server on busy days? I also like that the owner is always present and making sure everyone is happy.Excellent neighborhood treasure!  BYO and menu was amazing.  If you like Grilled Cheese, then you need to try this place!  I will definitely be going back again...and again!Holy crap. I just had the best paninni I've ever had! It's a cheese place turned sandwich shop and i love it! They also have some brownies that will knock your socks off.  Definitely coming back here.The two sandwiches I had were amazing. They're pretty big. One sandwich was the one with turkey and the other with brie and apples and cucumbers--very tasty and yummy. I really enjoy their quinoa side dish as well. It's a cute brunch place to go with your gfs or bf. They have outdoor sitting and it's really adorable. It looks magical.The menu is unique; unlike anything we've ever experienced! The descriptions were accurate. The food was absolutely DELICIOUS!! They have cheese from around the world and they are BYOB! The atmosphere was so delightful. The outdoor garden seating made the food taste that much better! LOVE LOVE LOVE! Will be back very soon!This is tough because I really wish I could have given more stars because the potential is there. With a name like Wedge and Fig, the menu is attracting and the array of cheese selection paired with the selections made me anxious for my order to arrive. I ordered the Blue Hen sandwich which came with a side of spring mix, a cup of tomato basil soup and my friend ordered the tuna salad with a side of their mac & cheese. My sandwich was tasty, I liked the combination of the Apple fig chutney and the smokey blue cheese, just wish my sandwich had more cheese on it to balance out the sweetness of the chutney. Mac n cheese was a bit on the dry side. Thought it would have been cheesier, esp at a place that is promoting cheese:( I may give it another try because the food was good...these are just my preferences.I have been to this place twice now and both times it was delicious! I've had the Betty Draper (a truffled egg salad sandwich), the Tamanend (brie, turkey, mango and arugula), and Black Bean soup. I can't seem to go into the store without getting a dessert, they always look, and taste, fantastic! I've had the chevre truffet, and a peanut butter cookie sandwich. 
Everyone is really friendly and seems to enjoy what they do. If you're in old city, I highly recommend stopping by the wedge and fig!Wedge + Fig is a charming Old City destination for anyone looking for a cute brunch spot in Center City. I've been to Wedge + Fig twice recently and left both times feeling satisfied and wanting more. I would give this place a 4.5 if I could, but I'll just round up.
A couple of things, in no particular order:
+ Eggs NOLA puts a cajun twist on a classic eggs, ham + hollandaise, potato, and salad brunch dish. It wasn't until halfway through the meal when I suddenly realized that there were supposed to be cajun flavors in the dish. Nevertheless, still very delicious.
+ Prices are very reasonable
+ I went with two other people during my recent visit and we ordered three sandwiches and basically sampled each one. We got the palooka, shackamaxon, and blue figs. They were all really delicious and unique; palooka in particular was perfect. It also had the biggest portion for a marginally higher price.
+ They have a really cute patio in the back. I would highly recommend it, weather permitting. Getting there requires you to go through a "secret" passageway, which is an adventure in itself!
- My only complaint about this place would be that the utensils (specifically the fork) did not seem to be washed carefully. I asked the server to get me a new set.
In summary, Wedge + Fig is easily one of my favorite restaurants in the city. I will definitely be back!My go-to brunch spot because it never disappoints.  From the strata to the omelette of the day, to the build-your-own breakfast sandwich, to the french toast.  Oh, the french toast.  I don't even like french toast but the combination of thick slabs of bread, seasonal fresh fruit and mascarpone can't be denied.  The truffled egg salad and tuna lautrec are also amazing. 
If you come later for dinner, bring a bottle of wine and they'll help you find some cheese that pairs well with it.  
These folks are super friendly, the french-press coffee is delicious and they have a secret garden full of outdoor seating in the back!I had brought my wonderful girlfriend here as a first stop to a 3-course "Philly food tour"...and what a way to start the adventure. 
There was immediate sense of welcoming and a mom & pop type ambience, walking into this establishment. We were sat a table very quickly without reservation and could not have asked for a more helpful waiter. 
Knowing my girlfriend's passion for cheese, I crossed my fingers for a wonderful selection of cheeses to choose from. We ordered the 5 cheese tray and with the help of our waiter (who had a more than vast knowledge of cheeses), it was cheese paradise shortly thereafter :D 
The five cheeses were all very tasty, and complemented one another perfectly. One of our favorites was the Drunken Goat cheese, which complemented beautifully with the ever so tasty, honey walnut. 
I can confidently say that the Wedge & Fig has given me a new sense of appreciation for cheese, and a big fan at that. Five stars all around!Oh my GOD!!! I went to lunch here today, 7/9/15, during our power outage and ordered the "Build Your Own" Grilled Cheese. I'm still eating as I'm typing and it's so good that I had to Yelp about it right now. I don't even care about the crumbs and delicious goodness sticking to my keyboard (I promise, I'm not a slob)! 
I created a white bread, Gouda cheese, with avocado, bacon slathered with mayo and schrichaa and let me tell you, I died, went to cheese heaven, came back to life to order it again and died again. It is the best Grilled Cheese sandwich I have ever stuffed in my mouth. To be honest, I'm not even a cheese person and for me to thrown down this sandwich speaks in volumes! So, GO and build your own delicious goodness!Cute and cosy, with gardening seating that is perfect for Philly's spring and fall days.  Their brunch selections are fresh, affordable, and delicious.  Go with one of the daily specials or the stuffed french toast  and you'll be in for a treat.
I will say Wedge & Fig is small and I haven't been when its cold, so am not sure how that garden seating section works out.  I've also never been for anything other than brunch, but the idea of picking up some dessert to go is appealing.  It's a BYO, so if you are in the mood, pack a bottle along.Charming garden seating behind the store with friendly wait staff. It's a somewhat laid-back atmosphere, but service was a little painfully slow.
We went for brunch, and the Eggs NOLA was the winner. The cornbread was very tasty and the Cajun-spiced Tasso Ham I could eat every day for breakfast, lunch, or dinner. The egg was perfectly runny.
The Bacon-latticed Mac and Cheese pie sounded promising, but the chef's choice cheese of the day was a type of blue cheese, which I am not a fan of. If there is a particular type of cheese you don't prefer, I suggest you ask before your order. If I liked the cheese, I would've killed it.
The orange juice was not fresh-squeezed, so I was a little disappointed. It doesn't say so in the menu, but for some reason I expected it to be so. French press coffee was decent.
I'll be back for the paninis!Great little soup & sandwich shop in Old City!  Unique combinations and fresh ingredients.  Slow, but friendly staff.  Prices consistent with most nice, small cafes.  Desserts are delicious as well!I decided to come in here because of all the good review but I was pretty disappointed, maybe because I was by myself?
I was skeptical that my salad finish so fast but it turns out that it was old and wilted. I'm assuming they messed up someone order and I happened to order the same. The extra star was the atmosphere because it has a nice outdoor seatingI went here recently for lunch with my boyfriend. Nothing to rave or rant about. A small place with a messy floor - could have used a mid day cleaning. I ordered the egg salad salad which was a bed of greens with a scoop of egg salad on top. It was boring but good. My boyfriend ordered a panini which was delicious. 
It was a fine place to escape from the summer heat to have a decent lunch.Delicious. But the portions are HUGE. I got a salad and it was twice as much salad as I expected. If you are a cheese lover, bacon lover, or Mac and Cheese lover I think you will find something to love here.Two friends and I decided to try out Wedge and Fig this weekend for brunch. The atmosphere was bright and pleasant, the food was impeccably fresh, and the service was okay.
When first entering Wedge and Fig, you are immediately hit was the how many tables are in such a small space. Yet, with a well trained wait staff, large windows, and bright flows and fountains located around the inside of the restaurant, in addition to the back garden, this small space communicates an intimate and relaxing atmosphere.
As we were seated, our server offered us a number of beverages. Being with a number of coffee addicts, the french press coffee was an absolute must. Following this, the fresh baked scones, vegetable omelettes, and egg stratas made Wedge and Fig a perfect brunch destination.
The only issue I had with Wedge and Fig was the feeling of rushing. Of course, during a Saturday mid morning rush, I can understand servers and hosts wanting to turn tables so that additional customers can be seated, yet this rush was the only aspect which broke the atmosphere of a bright, relaxing, and comfortable brunch scene. 
In sum, beautiful small space, wonderfully fresh food, coffee, and drinks, and service which is on point, but definitely trying to serve as many people as possible.Very nice, small, warm place that has a lot of cheese options.  My gf and I came here for brunch. The waitress recommended the poached eggs:Eggs Nola, which my gf ordered. It came with potatoes and it looked and tasted delicious. I ordered their special omelet which came with some speciality cheese and peppers on the inside.. It was great !!  For drinks I ordered a french press coffee and it was really good.   I really enjoyed the atmosphere and the service. I cant wait for summer time so we can sit in the back outside.Wife and I had dinner in the backyard patio last night.  Very nice space to have a bottle of wine (byob) and casual meal.  She had the tuna salad, which she loved.  I had the quinoa salad - very fresh tasting, and quite light.  We shared a side of mac and cheese -- which was our favorite dish of the night.  Great, friendly service. Perfect for a relaxed wine centric meal.I wish I could give this place more stars. If it were based solely on food, I would- 4 or maybe even 5 stars. 
But alas, it is not. My husband and I both ordered the bacon lattice mac & cheese pie. It was phenomenal, as most of the other reviews say- maybe even the best mac & cheese I've ever had. I consider myself a bit of a mac & cheese connoisseur, so I don't say that lightly. 
However, the service was lacking. Things started out fine, but our waiter disappeared after dropping our food off. No one checked in with us to see how everything was. We finished our food and sat for a few more minutes. No one- not our waiter or anyone else- stopped at our table. Finally, I asked another waitress if she could possibly get our check since our waiter had vanished into thin air. 
She said, "oh, sorry- he went on break and forgot to tell us he still had a table." She then brought us our check, apologizing again. 
I was disappointed not only in our server, but the rest of the wait staff. This place is  tiny, and our table was smack in the middle of the restaurant. The other servers practically had to lean over us to get to their other tables. Somebody should have noticed that we were sitting there, looking around for our waiter for probably 15 or 20 minutes. I don't live in Philly- we were there for a weekend trip- but honestly, even as good as the food was, I probably wouldn't eat here again even if I did live nearby.Great place to come if you are a cheese enthusiast or to spend some quality time with a friend catching up over a cheese tasting (and it's BYOB!). I ordered the omelette of the day with a side of 2 Original Petit-4 Bakery scones + mascarpone . The scones were delicious. They were warm and just the right consistency. The mascarpone that comes with it tastes like fresh clotted cream out of England, I could have had an entire meal comprised of scones with mascarpone and would've left happy. The omelette was also good but had a little too much chevre in there for my liking.
It's a tiny, tiny place, ideal for group of 2, 4 at most. I'd come back again to do a cheese tasting or one of their sandwiches.  You can also pick up some great cheese to take home.Mmm Mmm.
I come here for the make-your-own grilled cheeses. Fontina cheese, tomato, avocado, fried egg on white or pumpernickle. It is SO delicious. I usually always leave with a doggy bag and a treat from the counter like a desert or cheese. BYOB is always a nice perk if you've got a bottle of wine to kill.
The waitresses are patient, funny, and well informed.Great cheese platter, great mac & cheese, great grilled cheese and pork entree thing was pretty good but a little too spicy for my tastes. Fudge/cookie brownie and strawberry/peach desserts were delicious. Only complaint... They ran out of the bacon mac & cheese pie by at least 7pm on a Saturday! Really wanted to try that...Thanks to my fellow helpful Yelpers, I gave this place a try while in town for business. It is pretty close to the Independence Mall, so if you are touring the area, I definitely recommend a stop here for brunch or lunch. It's small, only about 8 tables inside, though there is garden seating too. There is a large display of amazing cheeses for sale, as well as pastries and desserts. 
I had the Strata off of the brunch menu, and was in love from bite one. It came with perfectly cooked lemon Parmesan potatoes and a small salad. I also had to try a side of the mac and cheese, which was also amazing, but I had to take it to go because I couldn't stop eating the strata!
For dessert, I ordered a brownie with cream cheese topping--delicious. 
I definitely recommend this place, and was please with the entire experience.Amazing food and location! I came here for lunch/brunch with my fiance and we sat in the garden. It was the perfect day and they had an overhang as well to block out the sun so it was the perfect mix of being warm without being in the sun. My fiance got three eggs with bacon (he had the option of getting the bacon cooked in the egg as well) with potatoes. I got the quinoa salad with chicken. The salad originally came with feta, but I told the waitress that I love brie, so she said that I could switch the brie out with the feta. When it came out, it was delicious. I ate all of it and it hit the spot of healthy but delicious at the same time. My fiance loved his eggs as well. We certainly will be back, where my fiance will try the bacon pie that he wanted to try. The ingredients were so fresh, the waitress was amazing, we had a container of water at our table so waiting for water was not an issue, and it was an amazing, delicious, friendly, and super cute atmosphere all around!Went here for brunch ... I tried some delicious freshly baked chocolate chip scones and a solid "build your own" grilled cheese sandwich.  After eying my brunch companions' dishes, I think I chose wisely in getting the grilled cheese with a fried egg in it instead for my egg fill.  You can add crazy toppings to your grilled cheese and exercise some culinary creativity, but I stuck to my classic choices of tomato, avocado, and the fried egg.  It's probably hard to mess up a grilled cheese sandwich, but I still give the chef props.  French press coffee is decent.
FYI, if you're with a group splitting a bill, be sure to bring cash as only one credit card is accepted per check.Great place! The garden is awesome for brunch and obviously they have quite the cheese selection. I wish the service was a little faster around lunch but that doesn't seem to stop me from coming back and the wait time seems to be improving...I highly recommend Wedge+Fig. I ate there for lunch today with my two girlfriends. We all had sandwiches, I had the one with Brie, Mango and Turkey. It was delish! We all loved our sandwiches. The service was great, the courtyard is adorable and it is a BYOB if you are interested in that.Love this place! Charming little bistro in Old City with great brunch and lunch fare. Great selection of cheeses, salads and sandwiches, and brunch on the weekends is delicious!Great brunch, and very friendly service.  I have gone in several times to assemble a cheese plate and always have found one of the employees (or owners) willing to help me pick a range of cheeses, asking about my likes/dislikes, and letting me taste each one before buying it.
This is a great business to have in the neighborhood and I am happy to support them.Since my last review, where I waxed glory over the Jawn sandwich, I've continued my regular wanderings to Wedge + Fig.  So far, I've been back to try their Coronation Chicken salad and Blue Figs panini for lunch, which are equally delicious and less foodcoma-inducing than the Jawn (which is now on their regular menu!).  Also, if you ask really nicely and give them a week's notice, they do yummy pumpkin pies and pielettes on special order for the holiday season.
Many's the time I've been perched out back in their lovely urban garden, either studying for an exam with a French press coffee, or sharing an intimate brunch with a friend. If you're not a fan of the occasional flower drifting to your table from the huge catalpa tree, stay indoors and enjoy the rotating artsy paintings hanging on the walls.  Either way, I'd recommend their omelet special, or better yet, the Eggs NOLA.  The cornbread is an unusual twist, but it's so damn good with those darn parmesan potatoes on the side.
Honestly, what keeps me returning is the down-to-earth service.  Unlike the neighbourhood they're in, there's no pretension here -- the staff take great care to make you feel at home and remember your likes and dislikes.  Better yet, each time either of us notice a mistake (whether that's a long wait for food, an ordering mistake, or a billing error) they go above and beyond to rectify the issue, which is something that I've found increasingly rare in my eating adventures.Took my daughter for lunch, totally overrated. The menu is small so everything should be fantastic! We had a plain grilled cheese and a chicken salad. The greens on the salad were dressed with no flavor . No vinegar/citrus, just plain oil. The chicken was dry and goopy with curry powder. I can't believe all the good reviews this place has.Still amazing! I had the opportunity to host a baby shower here a few weekends ago, and it was a wonderful experience. All the food was delicious, the patio was an adorable place for our small group, and the staff were amazing as usual!!! This place is a neighborhood gem.I like places that feel like someone takes pride in offering something of good quality, that comes from the heart, and is not just about turning over tables and making a buck.  That's Wedge & Fig.  Artisanal sandwiches.  Quality ingredients.  Coffee in a French press.  Good selection of cheeses.  And a great patio that is tucked away like some secret place that someone takes you to who knows more than you do.   And the patio has real ambiance, feeling like a little hidden oasis.  It's a great place to take a little pause from an otherwise hectic day and feel like you are in a courtyard in France, and not Philadelphia.  The service, too, is not "Philadelphia" as there is a graciousness and civility about the whole experience that feels distinctly European.
Would give it a fifth star if there was something truly amazing about the food, but I haven't been there enough to find a favorite.  I would say I have enjoyed everything, including the campy names on the menu, but not enough to make it a destination.  More of a "first choice when in the neighborhood" place for me.  Will return, however, for the overall experience.  Maybe I'll fall in love next time.The brunch is fabulous.  The grilled cheese (build your own) has endless possibilities.  The owners believe in high quality fresh ingredients and seem to know how to put it all together.  Been here several times now and have only good things to say.  Cant wait for it to warm up just a bit more and sit in the outback garden area.This petite BYOB sucked my friend and I in because of the bacon lattice mac and cheese. I ordered it and it was delicious but very filling (not a bad thing...I got two meals out of it!). The only downside was it was a bit salt-heavy, but that's not a surprise considering all the bacon. The cheese plate we had was also great, and unlike other places, we actually had the names of the cheese on the board so we knew what we were eating. Very nice touch! I will definitely be back and next time, I'm building a grilled cheese sandwich. Another nice offering on the menu.