This place is fantastic.  During summer the outdoor seating area is very charming with a "not so busy" street. Indoors is even better. It's like walking through a nice home with different cute room with a slightly different theme although it's all dog related (which I really like).  The food is excellent!  I've had breakfast and lunch there a few times and I have yet to have something that I wasn't satisfied with. We live in Philadelphia and have access to a number of restaurants and still frequent this place. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is that it may be a little pricy... Although overall pretty reasonable. You must go at least once if you're in Philadelphia!Recently visited for dinner with my daughter when visiting her University. Ambiance was warm and interesting, a bit crowded, but that added to the positive vibe. 
I started with west coast Oysters and My Boy Blue; enjoyed both tremendously. Followed with day boat Scallops; perfect. Then finished with warm Apple Tart and brown butter (caramel) Ice Cream; wonderful.
My daughter kept it simple with Pork Tenderloin and finished with the chocolate Creme Brûlée. She was very pleased with both and stopped herself just short of licking the desert dish.
Based on our experience and the positive comments herein, I plan to return for a weekend brunch.
Well done White Dog.I love this place! For 2 reasons, 1. My husband proposed to me there and 2. because of the amazing Brunch they have. I had the poached pear and pecan french toast and it was amazing! We sat by the window, which I definitely recommend because I'm not one for sitting in the middle of the room when I'm trying to have a nice intimate meal with someone. The service was very good, the wait staff seem to be very knowledgable about the menu. The decor is rugged with cute dog pictures everywhere. The only negative is that the brunch is so popular that there is always a line if you don't make a reservation. I am also a big proponent of Farm to Table establishments and this one definitely has brunch down to a tee!Gotta love White Dog. The food and service is reliably good and there are so many nooks of the restaurant, you always have a good amount of privacy.We got the chicken sandwich with broccoli rabe, side of salad and French fries.....and shrimp tacos and butternut squash soup with side salad. 
Best thing we had from each of our entree were the butternut squash soup which was really flavorful and the French fries with garlic Parmesan and truffle oil.
The chicken sand which tastes more burnt then the tasting the chicken or broccoli rabe.  Shrimp taco tasted very regularMold! The hot dog we ordered had mold on the bun. If I'm paying $7.50 for a hotdog its gotta be really tasty, not the luke-warm plate of garbage we received. 
The pepperjack burger was awesome but everything was overpriced. The management handled the moldy hotdog situation in a very friendly and professional way although we felt sick for the rest of the day.
Outside of all that the service wasn't great. We waited a really long time for the waitress to stop back and the hostess wasn't any help claiming our waitress was just busy, in a dismissive way.Excellent food. Amazing ambiance. Stellar service. Plus they're environmentally and politically conscious. Went to a great seminar about drug education which included a three course dinner. Highly recommended!What happened to White Dog Cafe?  First time I was there for my friend Dan's 21st birthday and it was a great time.  My last time that I was there was last '09 Summer and it was terrible.  My girlfriend had ordered Meadow Run Spring Lamb ($29), and there was barely any meat on there plus she asked for well-done and it was cooked rare.  
I ordered Spicy Lamb Bolognese ($19) and it was nothing spectacular for the price.  It was mostly rigatoni noodles and not much seasoning.  I know that I could cook better than this expensive, worthless dinner.  Extremely disappointed.  Never again.  Go next door to New Deck Tavern for cheaper specials.Hello,
Last night I had a wonderful meal (tuna tartar, duck, root beer float) and great service at White Dog. Here's why I'll never be back. I arrived with a group of 6 family members - we go a few times a year because it's convenient to 30th street station when my in-laws come to town. We were given menus - 4 of us were ordering priced fix. 2 were not. O wait, actually 0 are, because despite nothing noted on the menu, the new policy is that the priced fix meal must be ordered by the whole table, our server informed us kindly. We offered to be put on 2 checks. The manager came out and told us it was the chef's rule, "for our own good and the good of our experience" because it would be so hard for us to when to eat what if some people didn't have food in front of them. Stupid, but tolerable. And the priced fix options had $ next to them, so since they could be purchased a la carte, we got over it. And THEN we were told we couldn't have a LA carte from that special menu - even though the menu said "items available a LA carte" on the menu, because that's only available for groups smaller then 4. So my mother in law couldn't have the burrata. My sister in law couldn't have the scallops. What are you even thinking, White Dog? My table had ordered 2 bottles of wine, we were frequent visitors... I'm going to make it my job to tell everyone I know about my bad experience. Enough with the silly rules and stodginess from the lil cafe that use to be about quality in farm to table. You look like jerks.pThis wonderful little spot in University City offers a charming ambiance and creative menu. At its heart, White Dog is a boutique date spot, quaint and intimate. It's almost like an upscale bed and breakfast. Attached is a great bar with balanced cocktails and a quality draft list. It's great for a classier happy hour with a lively atmosphere.I've never splurged for dinner at White Dog, but the lunch is fabulous. The ingredients are all fresh and assembled well. My sandwich had a side of greens with dijon vinaigrette that was amazing. The portabello sandwich was tasty with wonderful whole-grain bread. A companion said that the lamb bolognese was good, but a bit spicy even though the waitress had the spice "toned down." The only disappointment was dessert. The waitress recommended the doughnuts, but they were quite dull.Been here a couple times now, always with a larger party of about 8.
I have been pleasantly surprised by the good, flavorful food, despite the relatively lower ratings. Everything I have gotten from the meat and cheese platters, to the leafy salads and fresh tomatoes, to the burgers and other entrees have been good.
There is a nice selection of drinks, with some tasty seasonal flavors. 
The food is always good, but for a larger group, the service has always been slow. That's my only complaint. Otherwise white dog cafe is a pretty solid choice.Went here for my friend's birthday brunch specifically because they have a bottomless brunch. We were a large group and our waitress was quite nice, but the wait was crazy for food and drinks. It's a cute place but they are severely understaffed. 
We were seated immediately, but after ordering we then had to wait another 30min for our drinks to come. My mushroom omelette was great and the pancakes were fine, but the delay in drinks was painful. 
I don't have crazy expectations for this type of thing, but it was quite disappointing to barely get two drinks for the birthday girl in the course of a two hour bottomless brunch.
UPDATE: The folks at White Dog reached out to me and they were awesome. They apologized for the wait and let me know it's not the norm and comped us a meal for another day. They went above and beyond and I think they're def worth checking out. Looks like circumstances just made for a crazy day, which happens. But it seems like they really care for their clientele, so I'm a big fan.I have been looking forward to going for sooooooo long. It was-- wait for it-- not that exciting....
 Our waiter was fun and great, he gets five stars.  The inside of the restaurant is really cool, that gets five stars.  The food was such a disappointment.  My fiancé had the fixed menu and I ordered a la carte.  My soup was good.  Hi mackerel was icky.  The risotto was AWESOME!  My tofu was dripping in butter and his steak was half the size of any other restaurant.  The molten cake had no lava :-(. I would go back for the ambiance alone but probably not the food.  It was overpriced for what it was.We went to the White Dog for a late dinner, and the food was good. The meats were especially good. The deconstructed pot roast was excellent, and the flank steak special I had was really good too. I also started with a mushroom soup that was excellent. For desert, I highly recommend the Apple crisp. 
The service was good, and the local beer selection is excellent. The decor could definitely use a refresh, and while its not a ripoff, I would say its pricey. Overall, a good place to go if your near Penn.Went for Sunday brunch--got egg white omelet and cheddar grits. Food was outstanding, though the lettuce could have been fresher. But the omelet and grits were fantastic. Service was meh so deducting a star for that. One red flag--they weren't busy so if service is less than stellar with the restaurant at maybe 50 pct capacity then it could be worse if busy. Prices a bit high but not awful.I went in for brunch and ordered the breakfast burger. It wasn't good at all. Tasted like someone didn't clean the grill. It had a very charcoal taste to it. My fiancé was satisfied with his chicken burger that he got. The atmosphere the waiter was good. They have a good drink menu.Our second visit to White Dog.  At the risk of arrogance, this is a world class restaurant. The food is excellent. Service fantastic.  Maggie has returned to serving and was wonderful. We had all the pastas, Tortellini and Ahi Tartare as appetizers. Scottish salmon.  Recommendation for the Trefethen blend and the "OPP" Oregon Pinot.  Great. Busy but worthy it.  Have wine on the patio, chill and enjoy.I hosted a dinner for a group of 35 here last week in the Dens area.  It was a huge hit.  The atmosphere, service, and food was outstanding.  I couldn't have asked for anything more.I will give this 2 stars only because the apple pumpkin spice soup is amazing. I went with a friend for lunch and it took 5 minutes for anyone to even give us water, half and hour for us to order and an hour for the food to come. They gave us a free sangria which my friend had as I was already nursing a hangover. Her food was cold when it came, not just cool but actually cold. Our lunch overall took 2 and a half hours and it was 54 dollars to boot! 54 dollars for soup, a hummus plate, French toast, home fries and a mimosa ? I will most certainly not be returning- we are in college and wanted a tasty meal but now we are both broke and upset it took so long to eat. Our waiter, tommy, was very apologetic which was very sweet and I know it wasn't his fault but come on!My wife had lunch here with her co-workers on a Friday, and was dying to take me there because the food was so good.  So, they next day we went there for dinner.  The ingredients are all organic and fresh, and both our meals were excellent.  The servings are small, so you will need to buy  two of three (appetizer, entree, desert) portions in order to not still feel hungry when you leave.
I would have given them 4 stars (I gave 3 only b/c 2 is too harsh) but upon waiting for our check, we saw a rodent scurry down one of the walls in the dining area!  I know its not easy to totally eliminate all pests when your restaurant is in a row home, but for the price of the dishes, there should be an Orkin guy standing right next to the table!Travelled to Phili for the November Marathon this year and needed a place close to the hotel.  A lucky pick.  Was crowded and lively which usually means slow service.  Not here,  despite being very busy, the service was excellent, waiter excellent and staff very friendly.  We had reservations which helped with zero wait.
Pistachio encrusted Tofu could convert the most passionate meat eater.  Linguini with a cream mushroom sauce was unbelievable.  Had to be careful not to over stuff on the bread - it was addicting.  Would definitely recommend as vegetarian friendly, not to say that the meat dishes looked swell as well.
A bottle of the house Malbec was a good choice also.This place is on the pricey side (for broke college students like myself), but the ambiance and decor in this place is on point. Love the decorations of dogs haha so funny. The pasta and fish are good here for dinner. I haven't been here for lunch or breakfast but I hear that this place is good for brunch so maybe I'll try it outI went here once for a dinner date, and I was left unimpressed. After all the hype about it, even from my friends, it did not live up to my expectations. The food was okay, but the pasta special I ordered had way too much sauce on it and was still relatively bland. Since it is on the more expensive side, I never felt compelled to go back and try something else there.Great decor featuring canines of all shapes and sizes, prompt and friendly service. Ordered Asparagus Salad and Chicken Banh Mi from the late lunch menu. Warm French bread rolls and sweet butter started the meal well. Asparagus salad was fresh and original with a unique creamy dressing and pickled fiddlehead ferns. Substituted tofu for the chicken in the sandwich to make it vegetarian. The parmesan French fries lacked any trace of the promised truffle oil, but were crisp and tasty anyway. The banh mi was a little heavy on aioli/mayo sauce, could have used more veggies.The place is nice with a good vibe. We waited at bar and I tried an excellent cocktail "Georgia blue ".  The food was good, most worthy to mention were the deviled eggs, the avocado blt, and chicken sausage.  Note the fried pickles are sliced thick and length wise so may be more filling than expected, but really good. The potato chips are well cooked and good to pick on. The service was ok, it seemed our waiter was sluggish.Overpriced, trying-too-hard food and extremely slow service. This is the kind of place you take your grandparents/parents or a Penn professor to, because you know who's footing the bill.Went here with a group of 8 and got booth seating - it isn't often that I sit in a restaurant with loose pillows on its booths. This decor gave the restaurant a very homey vibe. They handled our large group seamlessly. We were in and out in about an hour, which was impressive. 
The food: I got the fried pickles and the fish tacos - both were pretty good. I realized that I don't like fried pickles, but the chipotle aioli dipping sauce was creamy with a little kick, and the pickles served as a good vehicle to eat the sauce. Coming from California, I hold fish tacos to a certain standard. The fish tacos here were good and came with fried taro chips.Fantastic!
To start, service was impeccable. My server's name was Ian I believe, he was polite, attentive, really knowledgable about everything and had awesome recommendations. From everything I saw in the dining room it seemed like they have a really great staff all around, everyone seemed very professional and efficient. 
As for the food, the entire meal was incredible. Every dish came out quickly, and was presented beautifully. Every bite I had was better than the last. The squash gnocchi was insane. 
Awesome place, can't wait to get back!The Steak Tartar was not served as stated in the description on the menu. We ordered two servings and there was no egg yolk on either order. It was also pretty tasteless!
We also asked for 2 orders of Fried Green tomatoes. The 1st order was for my father in-law. It had 3 tomato slices. The second order was for me and it had only had 2 tomato slices. I was rather disappointed since I ordered this appetizer as my main course.
One of my guest ordered the Yellowtail Tuna Tartar and didn't eat it because it smelled unfresh.
When I made the reservation, I stated in the notes that we needed a table with space to accommodate a stroller. I also confirmed this with the restaurant when they contacted me to confirm my reservation. When we showed up it was as if they new nothing of my request. 
I also let them know it was a special occasion and that we were celebrating my husbands birthday but this was never acknowledged.
The service was great but everything else was a disappointment!I love this place.
I have been with my friends and my family. This place has a fantastic happy hour with half priced drinks and apps at the bar. The food is incredible (on-par with the best gastro-pub food you've ever had) and the service is fast and friendly. Any time, any table you'll get great food and great service. 
Try the Kobe Beef sliders, the Truffle Butter fries and the Chacouterie Cheese Platter and enjoy some of the fresh draught Yuengling (all half price at happy hour). 
Every time I go near Philadelphia I find myself drawn here.PLEASE BE AWARE- White Dog is no longer doing the bottomless brunch drinks.
However, my review is from prior to them getting rid of the special. The location is great, the décor is beautiful and the food was outstanding. Couple that with the bottomless mimosas and Bloody Mary's and  it was almost perfect. Why not 5 stars - the place was beyond packed, we had reservations made well ahead of time as we were celebrating a birthday with a group of 12 people. We weren't sat until ONE HOUR after our reservation time and unfortunately we didn't get much of an apology or even acknowledgement from the hostess as to how late we were being sat. However, once we got to our table and got our drinks and food -  we were able to forget about the hour wait.  So disappointed they got rid of the bottomless drink special.  But if drink costs / specials aren't your concern - I highly recommend.I'm a huge fan of this restaurant. I've only been here for brunch and dinner but mind you, they were both great. I recently came here for brunch the other weekend (apologies for the #delayReview) and had the omelette with goat cheese and bacon. Easily my favorite omelette in philly! The eggs are cooked just right so that it's not rubbery nor is it to liquid like. They even put a salad next to it to make it seem healthy! (Jokes aside, I'm sure it is). I'm only giving it 4 stars today primarily because I'm a huge espresso coffee lover and when I went their machine was broken. The waiter offered me coffee (black) which I considered but then told us that the coffee was from Dunkin (which I also love) but maybe next time I'm there I'll get some espresso-lovin! 
Also dogs scare me and so their "art" is a little daunting.We stopped in for dinner while in university city, remembering that my mother ate here years ago while attending a conference.  Ambiance is great from the bar to the dining areas.  We were dining late so we went right to the entrees.  My wife had the Hay Smoked Pork Tenderloin which was tender and delicious, well cooked but a little too smokey for her taste.  I had the Filet which was cooked perfectly and very flavorful.  The accompaniments were creative and tasty.  Everything was very fresh. The bread was delicious too.  Our server was very nice and made the experience all the better.I ate here twice (two days in a row, actually), once for lunch and once for dinner. It's a little pricey, but the food is totally worth it. I actually preferred the lunch menu. Somehow they made a simple bacon cheeseburger taste out of this world. I normally shudder at the thought of fish and chips, but after tasting my friend's from White Dog, I'm a fan of fish and chips. We also tried the grilled portabella, which was yummy. For dinner I had ahi tuna and my husband had filet, which he claims is the best tasting steak he's had in years. We will definitely go back if we're in the area.Ode to Madame Blavatsky, Theosophy and occultism - one can feel the spirit here and ponder what happened long ago inside these walls.  To this day psychedelic dogs decorate the walls and I wonder how much that crazy wisdom seeps through from long ago.
Food and environs were well above expectation and chef details were evident throughout.  Price point a tad higher than anticipated but well worth it, especially given the comfort of being here during school session break - nearly had private dining.I've been going to white dog for years. The food has never disappointed, but the service is consistently mediocre. I hate going to a restaurant where the staff thinks they are too good to serve me. I've never been compelled to write a review, though, until the last brunch. I went out to eat with six others and a 7 month old baby. The baby was well behaved and quiet for the entire brunch. One of the men meeting us was stuck in surgery so we waited for him to eat, and the entire brunch was delayed. Admittedly, we took more time eating than expected. But at hour #2, the host came over and told us that in 10 minutes he needed the room for a party. That's fine, but he sAid, "people with babies usually don't stay so long." wow. That is a rude, unnecessary thing to say to a group who has bought food and drinks for two hours with a baby present who hasn't made a peep. The should have offered us a seat in a different room and not mentioned the baby. They made he mom feel guilty for no reason and made us all feel awkward. I do not recommend this restaurant.Had to wait ten minutes to get seated, then ten minutes for the waiter, Timothy  to show up to take our order. This was while the restaurant was less than half full. Missed brunch menu because we waited so long...Mushroom soup was amazing as was the Beet salad and pear salad. Espresso bread was delicious. Would have preferred plain butter, it tasted like margarine. If they could fix the service, different hostess, different server this could easily be a five!This place's rep is too big for its own britches. Eaten here a few times and have always found the beer to be overpriced and the food to be mediocre. That's not to say the food is bad, but certainly not worth the prices. So, if you're not paying, stop by. Otherwise, head elsewhere.I've been many times for lunch, but this was our first time for dinner in several years. It was outstanding. I really like the quirky different rooms, and the updates they've made to the decor are lovely. We started with the tuna tartare (one of their all-time bests) and it didn't disappoint. The tuna is dressed in a sweet soy dressing, and then piled with perfect avocado on top. Just delicious. We then had the trout, the braised pork shank, and lobster mac 'n cheese. I don't love trout, but their preparation was spot-on. The fish was light and delicate, and paired perfectly with brussels and bacon. There was a hint of lemongrass or ginger (?) in the sauce that brightened it up. The shank too was delicious. Polenta and cabbage were decadent with the tender and juicy meat. We brought most of the shank home as it was very large (can't wait for yummy leftovers!). The mac 'n cheese was maybe the best I've ever had. It was a smallish portion, but so outrageously rich that we also brought some home. The service was attentive and knowledgeable, and even though we were in the small room towards the front where noise is sometimes an issue, it was completely acceptable last night. I sometimes forget how easy it is now with Lyft/Uber to cross the river, so very happy we made the trip. The night made my birthday special, so thank you White Dog!Personally, I don't let politics interfere with my dining experience.  I generally discourage political, philosophical, or religious discussion at the table no matter the company.  The only exception to that rule is whether is a discussion of the religious or philosophical food or wine experience.  Then we're on.
As for the White Dog...It feels like home.  There's few places more inviting during the winter to eat heartily, drink well, and enjoy the atmosphere.  iIt is an absolute honor to be the 1st reviewer for White Dog.  This is hands down one of the best eats in West Phila (located 1 block from UPENN).  The restaurant is broken into various rooms that have this homey vibe to 'em that makes you feel safe and warm and squishy all over.  White Dog single handedly made the winter in Philly seem bearable since it opened my eyes and heart to the Tuaca hot toddie.  The amish grilled cheese sandwich is my fave tho really any dish is an organic/orgasmic experience.  If someone asked me "I have one meal in West Philly, where should I go?"  I'd say without hesitation, "White Dog."I ordered the mussels, and was surprised by how small the critters were inside those shells. Could be they were overcooked?  I've certainly ordered or prepared myself much better mussels. Anyhow, the sauce was good and made up for the lack of protein.
The Sapphire Martini was excellent.Absolutely excellent! This a a very charming and beautifully decorated restaurant. I went for brunch around 11am on a Saturday. There was hardly anyone in there, around 12pm the restaurant was packed. There is a very chic brunch vibe. Our waitress was awesome! The food was fantastic. I can't wait to go back. I ordered the strawberry rhubarb Bellini (sweet especially at the last drops), mushroom soup (amazing), shrimp salad (there was a leafy green that was a little bitter but tasty). My friend had one of the omelettes and we shared the dessert. dessert was very good the mousse cake and creme brûlée absolutely amazing. Can't wait to go back!My experience with the White Dog was not that great. The restaurant is owned by Urban Outfitter's CEO's ex. She loves the earth, and loves local. So everything you get there is locally grown or raised. Which is great! However, the times I have been there I experienced that the food was not cooked properly, often leaving it dry and tough. Furthermore the seasonings were off, and it was a bit bland. 
The atmosphere is like Mom's kitchen. It's very cozy and inviting. But unless you are dying for local, you can get better elsewhere.Very good. Great brew (Yards Saison), great burrata, and really great gnocchi.I love White Dog. It's my favorite place to meet friends for Happy Hour ($5 glasses of good wine, $3 craft beers) and delicious $3-5 dishes that are scaled down versions of the restaurant's signature food. The service is almost always great.I came back to White Dog for my 2-year anniversary with the boyfriend, and it was honestly the best dining experience I have had in Philadelphia since moving here in June 2010.
We were seated at a cute little table near the window and were greeted with two glasses of champagne on the house and a congratulations for our anniversary!  It was such a kind gesture and the service was so happy and genuine--basically the perfect way to start out our meal.
The bread that came out was warm, slightly crispy on the outside, and wonderfully soft on the inside.
Salmon carpaccio: this was the special appetizer for the night, and it was well worth it.  The salmon was fresh and flavorful, and it was accented lightly with lemon juice.  The plate was garnished with a potato chip with craime fraiche on top and caviar.  A great, fresh starter that I highly recommend if it is available.
Lamb bolognese: This dish is so hearty and delicious.  The pasta is cooked perfectly and the lamb and sauce are so flavorful with just the perfect kick to it.  I really cannot eat spicy food, and this was completely tolerable for me.
Cheese grits: I have never had grits before, but I am obsessed with this stuff.  It is so creamy, rich, and cheesy with a little pepper kick, and this little bowl will really fill you up.  So if you have room, I suggest you try this!  Even if you don't, order it to go and heat it up the next day because it will still be delicious.
Lobster mac and cheese: Just as delicious as I remember.  This time we got HUGE CHUNKS of lobster, which made it even better!  I will ALWAYS get the lobster mac and cheese at White Dog because it is so irresistible.
Overall, a completely decadent, flavorful, filling, and wonderful meal.  We could barely finish half of it because everything we got was so creamy, but the leftovers were just as delicious the next day!  White Dog has now earned itself the status of my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia for a nice dinner, and I recommend it to all of my friends who want to take out significant others/friends for a delicious, classy meal.White Dog Cafe is hands down my favorite restaurant in University City for happy hour and I can't recommend it enough. The prices are excellent for the quality, and everything I've tried on their menu (East/west coast oysters, tuna tartare, Prince Edward Island mussels, southern fried chicken sandwich, mac and cheese, etc.) have been so fresh and consistently delicious! Happy hour is every Monday-Friday from 4-7 PM at the bar or outside seating area -- the outdoor seating area is cute and especially lovely on a warm, sunny day. The indoor rooms for non-happy hour, normal seating are decorated with lots of dog ornaments and delightful for dog people. The regular menu can be a bit pricy, but the food always tastes amazing.I've been here for brunch a number of times, and White Dog has never disappointed. I enjoy the fact that they update the menu every season - there are always refreshing + new dishes, but the ones that stay on the menu are pretty golden. For brunch, the kennett square omelet is my favorite! I enjoy the arugula salad and the spiced potatoes with sauteed bell peppers served on the side.
The tuna tartare is refreshing, but if you're going for something filling, I wouldn't recommend this. Eggs benedict is what you'd expect, although I've heard the biscuits can be a bit dry sometimes. Overall, decent ambiance and waitstaff. You can ask for as much bread and butter as you want.Mostly wins stars for the adorable decor of the place. My mom always wants to eat here when she's in town because she loves sitting in the different rooms. The food is reliably good, the ambience fun but classy, and the service really excellent. I especially love coming for brunch/breakfast because they serve a mixture of sweet scone like and regular bread with this awesome honey butter. A few of my favorite dishes include the truffle parmesan fries (truly amazing) and their burger (super flavorful and moist). Definitely a cute place to check out with family or a friend from out of town!Great place for brunch. The decor is a bit eccentric with dog paintings all over the walls. I enjoyed the appetizer of different kinds of bread. I got the eggs benedict such was good and the potatoes that came on the side were very nice as well. This place is a bit on the pricier side.Top spot for brunch in University City. Perfect place to do some day drinking with their AYCD (all you can drink) mimosas or bottomless bloody marys.
Very much a farm-to-table place. Highlights include Pork Roll and Egg sandwich and the Brunch Burger.I ordered the "fired oyster po boy" for lunch and it was awesome, especially the fries!!! This is the best fries I've ever had so far, though I've just been in the States for a little more than 3 months. A friend for UPenn highly recommend it, and it is indeed a great choice for fast but impressive food. I also highly recommend this cafe, and it might become one of the reasons that drive me to visit Philadelphia next time.This place is truly a gem. The decor is unique and quirky, along with the food (which is absolutely delicious). If you are planning to go here MAKE A RESERVATION, since it is typically very crowdedThe best part about this place is the many dog pictures adorning the walls. Aside from that, the food was "decent", but not for that price. My stomach was turning just looking at the menu. I knew going in that it was going to be pricey, but was hoping to at least get my moneys worth. The portions range from really small (most of the pastas) to large (the burger). It wasn't bad, but probably won't come back.My second trip here was last Sunday with my Mom and Grandma for brunch.  I told the hostess it was my Grandma's bday and she said they would make a big deal about it.  The waitstaff seemed overwhelmed.  Maybe they weren't expecting a big crowd for Sunday brunch on a sunny day in April??  The portions aren't huge but they are satisfying, I liked my french toast.  We had a party of 9 and mostly everyone enjoyed their food.  They dropped the ball on my Grandma's bday surprise, not even an acknowledgment from our server.  I'll think twice before going here again.  There are more impressive brunch menus elsewhere in the city.I ate here for my birthday dinner with my boyfriend this week and it was perfect for that occasion.  Comfy and quiet inside, we got a nice, private table tucked away in the corner.  
The server was excellent, kind, and attentive.  He filled my water as soon as it got to halfway (which was often, because I drink a lot of water).  And he took note of the fact that I am vegan after only mentioning it once (brought me olive oil with the *vegan* bread instead of butter without me asking).  He was also not intrusive or interrupting on what was clearly a nice date.  
My meal, the seitan and dosas, was so effing delicious.  Nice to see a restaurant have a good vegan dish, not just a salad or some sad stir fry.  My boyfriend got a special that had pasta, lobster, and beef and enjoyed it.  We both also got specialty cocktails.  I got a Manhattan with figs which was one of the more delicious drinks I've tried.  My boyfriend got a hot toddy and loved it, the cinnamon sugar on the rim was a perfect touch.  Everything came out quickly too.
My only complaints:
I wish there was even one vegan appetizer.  
And the only vegan side dish is a curry cauliflower.  Since I already got a dish with curry, I didn't want more.
I wish there were more vegan options for dessert.  Only one.
Overall, I loved this meal.  It was exactly what we wanted.  We will definitely return.
UPDATE: While I loved dinner here and have had an equally delicious meal there, I was somewhat disappointed in brunch.  There was *nothing* vegan on the brunch menu.  However, they were accommodating and, with a little prodding, made a tofu scramble with veggies for me.  Don't know that I'll return for brunch, which their famous for.  Rather unfortunate.Above everything else and while the food was delicious, our waiter was top notch.  He knew the menu extremely well, paced our service just right and was not pushy with upselling.  I just thought he nailed it on the head.
The cheese and meat boards were divine and I loved being able to choose the cheese sampling. I went with the chicken and mash which was not too rich even though it was wrapped in proscuitto.  My mom and boyfriend had the wasabi crusted salmon which was also cooked to perfection and a good portion.
I love that the menu offers half and full sizes and the wine/beer list has a wide variety.  Definitely a do-over!The food is delicious and the service is over the top. I've dined here for large dinners with firms and private dinners with colleagues and brunch with friends. It's really a great spot. 
Food: Absolutely delicious. I recommend the salmon dish and the fried oysters. Do not leave without trying the fig cake for desert. YUM! 
Service: Excellent. The staff is friendly and polite. They're extremely attentive and know the menu well. 
Ambiance: Classy. It has a very artsy feel that doesn't compromise the upscale nature.The coziest place in town, excellent food, relaxing and has a lot of charm, a must visit place if you already haven't .3 Star food particularly for the $$$. Knocking off one star since I got food poisoning from the raw tuna. So painful!! I'll admit I have a weak stomach though but still, the quality here is suspect and I will never return.It's rare that I want to rush and write a review, but White Dog really hit the spot for me! I was staying at the Inn at Penn and looking for a nearby restaurant that was unique. I was in that kind of mood where I didn't know exactly what I wanted, and Yelp was giving me every specific cuisine type in the area. Anyway, a bartender at my hotel recommended this place as a "laid back continental restaurant," and it seemed the good fit for my hungry yet confused mood. 
What's weird about this place is since so much of the traffic is for brunch, it didn't come up in my dinner search. That's a huge miss because White Dog is great fir dinner. It's farm to table with a seasonal menu. The price point is a little higher than what's around, but I would say the food is worth it. I sat down and started with a chai tea infused Farmhouse Ale. It was fantastic and an easy transition into the fall beer season. If you are a beer drinker this place a good mix of some drafts and bottle options. I also noticed a cocktail menu I just wasn't in the mood to test, but it looked interesting. For an entree I ordered a half portion of the Spicy Lamb Rigatoni. IT WAS PERFECT! It was seasoned enough to have a true kick but not be uncomfortable. It also had this really nice basil and ricotta whip that perfectly balanced out the spice of the lamb. It was really thoughtfully paired, and I wish I had the appetite for the full dish. The half portion was $16 and the right amount for me since I'd eaten a late lunch and snacked most of the day. The full dish is about $24. Admittedly, the pasta didn't pair with my beer, so I left the booze alone to enjoy every single bite of my dinner. I finished eating and then returned to the rest of my beer to slowly drink and enjoy the bar.
University City has tons of quick eateries and food trucks, but this place seems to be a gem. If I was back in Philly I would definitely stop in again. I wish I had time for the morning brunch.Very good menu for Saturday brunch, and very good food.  The prices were about right for the quality and ambiance.  The service was lacking however.  Our server was borderline rude and cleared plates while we were still eating!  She also forgot to return after our appetizers were done to take our order and when flagged down just shrugged a "whatever".  A little more people skills and friendliness could easily bring this place up to 5 stars.The white dog is an institution.  It's been nestled just off penn campus for almost 30 years.  Fueled by an eclectic owner and a way ahead of its time philosophy, Judy wicks served up a political philosophy about community and sustainability for decades.  Her James beard award is for defining concepts like being the first business in pa to run entirely on alternative energy to mentoring Philadelphia youth into the culinary realm.
Flash forward to modern day.  Judy wicks may have bowed out in lieu of moshulu helmer Marty grims and much of her eclectic fare may have gone with her but I have to say that they food has only gotten better in all my years of dining there while going to Drexel. 
The lamb bolognese is hands down the best pasta dish I have ever had.  It's simple, rustic and perfectly executed with a beautiful simplicity.  Visit for this dish alone and you will leave happy... And sleepy.
The mushroom soup is also the best I've ever had.  They say its because the shrooms are from Kenner square.  I don't know about that but it is tasty
I used to get an amazing tuna tartar that was... The best ever.  That particular incarnation is gone and the updated version falls short of the previous but I don't take points away for trying new things and the new one is still pretty good.
Now that I have graduated I don't make it there as often but my most recent trip was just as amazing as I remember.  My last dinner was a delicious chicken with some sort of citrucy jus and bacon Mac and chz.  Of course it was deliciously gluttonous.
Over the years I've pretty much tried everything on the menu (from the awesome local drafts to the homemade desserts and wdc never ceases to impress.  I can't recommend enough checking out this Philly gem.  The food, service and philosophy are as 5 star as it comesOk so here's my 10th review... and I'm writing reviews so people like me (who enjoy good food, good atmosphere, good times, and a good bargain- on occasion) can find reliable reviews for the hot and not so hot places around Philadelphia.  All that said lets start the review.
This restaurant deserves the distinction of 5 stars in my mind at least for brunch.
Ive eaten here on several occasions and I'll definitely return frequently because not only are the food, service, atmosphere, and everything else top notch but the prices are extremely reasonable and fair too!
I've heard that dinner is not as outstanding as brunch but I'll always wind up at their door when craving a satisfying and sublimely delicious morning/ afternoon meal!
One of my favorites by far!My bf and I have been together for awhile, and we finally decided that our parents should finally meet one another - a feat that was not easy to accomplish. After much consideration, and his parent's suggestions, we ended up going to the White Dog Cafe for lunch together.
It was a really nice spot for our occasion: small and nice with a homey feel, a laid back vibe that was perfect for easy conversation. We were seated downstairs, which was quieter than the upstairs area that includes a bar, however we did have a view of the back alley where supplies were coming in for the kitchen. Our waiter was nice and attentive, quickly placing and bringing our order and checking up on us occasionally. 
The food was really good - nice cafe style soups, salads, sandwiches and entree type dishes as well. And since there's a bar, they offer alcohol in the cafe so my parents got to enjoy a cocktail with their meal. Everything was really good, we tried a butternut squash soup, spinach and goat cheese salad, grilled chicken salad, omelet and an asian beef noodle stew. The menu we saw was shorter than what's listed on their website, but I have no idea why. But its a pleasant place to have a good meal and only spend a moderate amount of money.Came here to celebrate one of our friend's 25th birthday with a party of 15 for brunch or some outrageous number like that. Our server Eric was absolutely wonderful with each and every one of us despite our unending demands for the unlimited mimosas. Hats off to him, you can tell he's an experienced server. He also got all our seat numbers right with the food.
The food however, was even better than our server. Burrata appetizer? Godly. Wooden slate, red, yellow tomatoes, burrata, pesto, dots of reduced balsamic, and slices of bread crackers. Simple, effective, delicious, and well worth the price. My entree, the Pork Belly Benedict was wonderful too. 
As a server from a farm to table scratch kitchen restaurant I can really appreciate food of this higher caliber. The attention to detail with ingredients is outstanding and rest assured, your patrons can tell. 5/5 stars.I wish could give zero stars. The whole experience was disappointing.  Just zero class, zero attention to detail, zero responsibility, and zero "do the right thing".
I planned a private party to celebrate my daughter's college graduation.  Twenty family member traveled over 1500 miles to join the celebration.  I had worked for about 3 months with the catering manager picking out the right room, food and wine.  The event cost over $2500, and all I can say is the service was lousy, and the food mediocre (except the undercooked fish which was gross). I emailed the private party manager during the event every time something else happened, and spoke to him two days later.  I detailed the issues, and he was oh so apologetic. He talked to his Director and "generously" offered me a $100 gift card for a future dinner at the restaurant. Future dinner? Hmmmm, no thank you. Just ridiculous.  Problems:
1).  The Wine Cellar is actually two rooms, not one.  Our family, who wanted to be all together, had to decided whether to split up into two rooms or get crammed into one room.  We chose cram.
2).  The Wine Cellar is downstairs with zero accessibility for folks with mobility issues.  A couple of our elderly family members could not make it down the stairs.
3).  The printed menu had numerous misspellings: "Marlyand Crab Cakes" and "Rack of Lamp".  Ever heard of spell checker, or how about a simple read through of the $2500 menu?
4). I had discussed with the manager that we would like to offer beer and wine by the glass and asked to offer wine that was $12/ glass or less.  How was this handled?  The waiter handed out the full wine and drink menu and then announced that everyone needed to stay under $12/ glass.  Classy, right?
5).  5-6 of us ordered the bass.  It was significantly undercooked/ raw on the inside (the center had that translucent jellylike quality), we called the waitstaff back in and let them know it was inedible.  Then a head waiter came in and said "Oh, that is how we cook it, but if you want it cooked more, we can do that."  Uh, yes, we would like our food cooked so as to avoid illness. 
6). Dessert trio, is three thimble sized desserts that are essentially tasteless except for sugar.
7). After I had had enough, I asked to speak to the manager in private to express my concerns.  After every thing I said, he fed me the party line "I'll pass along your concerns". After hearing the standard response about 10 times I gave up...like talking to a robot. 
Take your private party to another venue that actually cares about quality and customer service.This is one of my favorite places in University City. I have been taking close friends and colleagues to here in the past years and we all have good time at White Dog Cafe. Plus, their food is all organic! Excellent environment. Good food. Recommend.i find that i give this place 4 stars more for ambience and service than the food, which makes me sad.  Every time i come here, i want it to be fabulous and delicious.   I mean, it's local, sustainable, and they seem to care....until they cook it.  It's all good, but not fantastic like i want it to be.  
The place is a beautifully kept old period property, though.  The cabinets have things stowed in them from other guests.  The windows show out to various parts of street.  the lighting is great, and the dog lamp shades and fixtures along with the doilies with dog patterns are so kitschy that you can't help but giggle at the sight.
All the wait staff are trying hard without trying too hard and the experience is always nice (they also have some pretty good beer on tap).  Overall, it's a place i'll keep giving my all.  But so far, the food...well.  Let's just say i'll keep hoping.Maybe it's just Philly food in general, but there is nothing on the menu that makes me say, "I must try this". Great food is easy to make, keep it simple. The dog can't perform on basic staples. The meat on the burger tasted gamey, the salads were bland. I continue to try white dog, but am never satisfied. The service is great.I had high expectations for this place since it has awesome reviews and is a farm to table restaurant. The portabella sandwich I got was pretty dry since there was only a small dab of aioli. The mushroom seemed like it was marinated in balsamic vinegar which I didn't like the taste of. 
I would be willing to come back and try something different since I doubt the place would have such good reviews if all food was like this.Oh, how I miss the White Dog. 4 fruitless years spent slaving away in Philadelphia and the only thing I learned was the glory and the greatness of the White Dog Cafe. The food, spectacular. The ambiance, charming. The staff, warm and welcoming. But the best part? The attached store, The Black Cat. Open late, packed with gems AND a selection of wacky hats? Yes, indeed. 
Stuffed and drunk, I'd select scented soaps and greeting cards and plastic chickens, peruse cookbooks and earrings and ceramic bowls covered in polka dots and peonies. I'd shop forever if I could. Well, I'd eat forever if I could, then I'd drink forever if I could, but given a third and final option, I would shop. And that, folks, is why I will forever treasure my time at the White Dog Cafe...I like to go here from time to time, for the brie or a hot coffee drink but sometimes the day bartenders rather talk to there friends then make me a drink. I do give credit to the sever who had to come to our cramped table.I stumbled upon this hidden gem while looking for a place to eat dinner in University City. Yes, it is expensive. Yes, the wait is lengthy and sucks balls.
But everything else is, simply put, incredible. The service is amazing and the food is even better ranging from the Spicy Lamb Bolognese to the best damn bread and butter I ever tasted. You even get pictures of dogs on the walls! What's not to love?
Man, I don't even need to say any more. Just hurry up and get your tail over to this place as soon as possible.My girlfriend and I stopped by White Dog Cafe for an early lunch right when they opened at 11:30 AM on a Tuesday. There's a sizable bar at the entrance and more seating towards the back. There's also a nice seating area outside. The dog-themed decorations are a plus too. There were a few groups already seated, but the lunch rush had filled the restaurant by around noon. We chose to sit at the bar as we were informed that they provide a 10% discount on lunch when you sit at the bar. The bartender who served us was friendly and the service was attentive. I ordered the Locust Point Farm Chicken Sandwich (smoked bacon, gruyere, pesto aioli, with a side of mixed greens and a pickle) and my girlfriend ordered the Green Meadow Double Cheddar Burger (smoked bacon mayo, Bibb lettuce, grilled red onion, on a brioche bun, with a side of truffle parmesan fries and a pickle). Both sandwiches were fantastic, fresh, and full of flavor. The Truffle Parmesan Fries that came with the burger were especially tasty.
White Dog Cafe provides excellent, quality, satisfying food in a well executed environment. We'll be sure to come back soon for another great experience.For weekend brunch, this place can't be beat. For dinner...well, yes, it can. But I digress. The best part of the brunch are the $10 bottomless mimosas/bloody marys/greyhounds/sangria (any combos of drinks). Fav brunch dishes: sausage and biscuits, whole wheat pancakes (light and fluffy, a welcome change from the very dense pancakes at other places) and spicy lamb ragu.Service was terrible.  Extremely slow.  The food was only fair and prices were high.  This is nothing like the other white dog cafe I've enjoyed.  So disappointed.  I went with a big group for an important celebration.Sit in the bar section for the best food at the best prices.One of my go-to spots for a delicious, American lunch or dinner in University City! The food is great, and the service is quick and attentive. 
I particularly like the burgers and salads -- they taste fresh and have great flavor. There's more extensive entree options for dinner that I'm hoping to try soon. The atmosphere is cozy, and feels like an up-scale pub crossed with a family-owned restaurant. There's dog pictures and decorations all over! It's a very pleasant place for a meal with friends or coworkers. There's enough on the menu that no matter what you like, you can find something. Prices are reasonable, too. 
White Dog has gluten free options, including great gluten free rolls! The servers are able to accommodate many other allergies and vegan/vegetarian, too. They use locally sourced ingredients, too, so it's an environmentally and socially conscious restaurant. 
The servers have been friendly and helpful every time I've gone; overall a very enjoyable dining experience!Went to White Dog with my dad when he was in town. We chose to sit outside. Our table was on a sidewalk that was slanted downward, so we had to be careful with the table or the whole thing would fall over. The food itself was quite good, though as a student it's just not affordable. I had the pirogues and they were the correct combination of cheesy and mealy, truly the best part of the meal. White Dog also has a stellar bread basket with artisan breads. Only downside (aside from the table) was that a rather large cockroach (think credit card length) kept crawling up and down the wall next to our table despite swatting it away.The White Dog is amazing!! I got the burger and it was so huge that it probably could have been for like two people. The french toast was a little too heavy and sweet, but it also was huge.I'm with Puja. I don't believe the hype about this place. After visiting one of the restaurants they are associated with "Cabbages and Condoms" in Bangkok, I was expecting more.
We went a few weeks ago with our 9-month old baby and a student of mine who was celebrating his 10th birthday. We sat in the back room (highlight since it was cozy) and the babe was fine. However, the 10-yr old was treated like a misfit when he asked questions about the food.  The food was overpriced in my book, based on taste and quantity. 
Plus side: interesting options and good presentation.
The kicker: poor 10-yr.old was not even invited to enjoy a cupcake or dessert, though they knew we were there for his birthday.The White Dog is an excellent choice for wining and dining a speaker from the University.  The atmosphere is collegiate, ambience not too loud, food just expensive enough to impress your out-of-town visitor without breaking the symposium budget. The burger was impressively served with a knife stabbed vertically into it and fries on the side.  My beet salad was coolly tasty while my pasta was flavorful and fine.  Everyone in our group of 8 seemed quite satisfied; only a couple of folks opted for desserts.This place is amazing. They use quality farm-to-table ingredients to craft their exquisite cuisine. Even though I've only had 2 things on the menu, I would recommend anything here.
Also, the device is phenomenal and friendly. I'd like to give a shoutout to Andre. We're from out of town and he made us feel welcome in Philly!
5/5 would recommend. One of the best restaurants I've been to.White Dog fills an important void in UCity, in that it's one of very few restaurants that both a) has tablecloths, and b) runs less than $25 an entree on average.  There are two different seating areas (bar and restaurant) and two corresponding menus, but you can order off of either menu in either area, which is great  (I'll take the bar menu in the restaurant section, please).  There's also a lunch menu, a brunch menu, and a dessert menu.  Try not to get overwhelmed.
Overall, the food is solid, but not something I would go out of my way for.  The last time I went, my friends "medium rare" burger ($14) was gray all the way through, and my smoked salmon sandwich ($13?) had a little too much pickled... something.  They make a mean cheese platter, though, and their hot cider is heaven in a cinnamon-rimmed glass. All in all it's not foodie heaven, but it's solid new-American that I'm always happy to eat.
The service is reasonable, with one minor exception: the last time I visited (at lunchtime), our waiter never offered us the dessert menu.  I don't care if it's only noon, I want my apple cider donuts!saturday brunch with friends. the interior is a hidden treasure. its HUGE! our server was attentive but not burdensome. i loved his explanation of farm to table selections. i fully support restaurants with this model. 
the food was good. was it the best pancake or huevos rancheros i've ever eaten? no. but the flavors blended well and the portion sizes were perfect. it was fresh and hot and we definitely were stuffed. 
the ambience was lively and its conveniently on Penns campus.
the prices are moderate, so don't go here looking for a deal or special even though the mimosas were reasonably priced. this is an excellent restaurant for a mid-semester birthday dinner date. can't believe it took me so long to try this place.Enjoyed a great meal, accompanied by friendly service and an spunky atmosphere. The raw oysters, were big and fresh, and the rolls were very good because of the sweet honey butter. The smoked salmon appetizer was tasty and smoky. My favorite appetizer was the steak tar tar, because it's pretty hard to find. Needs a little salt, but that'll vary between people. The entree I ordered was the scallop dinner, and the Mac and cheese. The scallops were salty, but balanced out with a sweet corn puree to create a great meal. The Mac and cheese was tasty, but so smoky.White Dog is a great place for brunch in University City. I would definitely recommend going to White Dog for brunch rather than dinner because the dinner items are a lot more pricey.
For brunch, I usually get the Eggs Benedict. But I have also tried the omelet, turkey sandwich, and more. Everything I have had for brunch has been good. The menu items change slightly sometimes because they source their food from local farms.
For Penn students, this is a great place to go with your parents when they are in town. It is also just good for brunch with some friends. If you are looking to day-drink, they offer bottomless drinks for $12 during brunch on the weekends.Absolutely the best.   If you are anywhere close make this high on your list to try!    
Bottom line -- all good.I enjoyed a night out at the White Dog Cafe with a large group recently.  The establishment was not only close to our hotel at UPenn, but it was highly recommended by a couple of fellow travelers. The Yelp! Reviews were also very positive.  Their farm to table theme is something that we could all appreciate; not to mention the dog lovers within the group too. 
With a phone call the day of our arrival, we secured a reservation for 8 diners without an issue.  More impressive was out ability to increase the reservation to 12 with a phone call just a few hours later once a few more of our friends decided to join us.  We were seated promptly in a private room adored with fantastic paintings of dogs; some serious and some humorous.  The rest of the decor was equally decorated with funny sayings, art, leashes, and miscellaneous K9 items.  
The staff was very attentive and helpful with drink and menu items; including taking care of any shellfish allergies and gluten sensitivities.  The menu and beer list were full of funny puns on the dog theme...so take your time to read them.
The only real negative about the experience was the tight fit for our large group in their private room.  I don't as much blame them for this, but the arrangement of tables made a group larger than 10 too tight.  
Our primary waiter was very knowledgeable of the menu.  He helped picked assorted appetizers for the table including tuna Tatar, cheese plate, fries, assorted hard boiled eggs, prosciutto and persimmon, hummus, and rolls and butter.  
For entrees, half of the crowd ordered the vegetable enchiladas.  The plate contained 4 tightly rolled enchiladas which were plenty.  Three would have been enough, but this allowed for the "doggy bag" for the next day.  Three diners enjoyed the fresh mahi-mahi with fingerling potatoes.  While on the smaller side for the $32 price, it was still delicious.  The salad with rare yellowfin tuna was presented very nicely and was enjoyed just the same.  The rainbow trout and spicy lamb bolognese were also enjoyed by our group.  
After dinner, we shared the creme brûlée and the chocolate haze; a hazelnut mouse cake with espresso cream.  Very decadent and nothing left.  
Even if you are not the biggest dog lover, I highly recommend the White Dog Cafe for the delicious farm to table food, and for the bar and beer choices and friendly staff.FOOD IS SUPERB!!! Service on the other hand was not so great. We were an inconvenience to her. For the amount of money, service is much to be desired.Great, delicious food.  Also, White Dog holds various political events here, such as lectures and documentary screenings.  They're free, check them out!I echo the accolades for White Dog but wanted to add the info on their Happy Hour Sun-Thursday nights from 10-midnight.  All of their delicious beers are only $2!!! which is quite a discount from usual $5 draft prices.  At Happy hour, pitchers are usually about $8 as well.
Also wanted to comment on my eating experiences here.  My boyfriend got  mussels once and the waitress graciously took them off of the check after we explained how they were not even really open.  My roommate got the cold celery soup (i know sounds gross) and the waiter took it off of our check for no other reason than that she didn't like it.  I hope no one abuses this, but the staff is very understanding...I walked past this place because I thought it looked weird. It's dog-themed an isn't really a bar. It's more of a coffee cafe/sit down restaurant that is located between 2 bars. Kind of a weird place, but seems to be popular with the Penn crowdMy girlfriend and I went to the White Dog Cafe for a late lunch one day shortly after we learned about it.  I ate here with someone else for dinner prior and decided to bring her to try it as I enjoyed my experience.  The time I went here without her I had beef carpaccio and short rib.  Both of these were extremely good which caused me to come back a few days later.  This time it was for lunch with my girlfriend.  We decided to share the yellowfin tuna tartare for our first course which was very good and seemed fresh.  As for our entrees, I had the pulled berkshire pork sandwich and she had the koch farm turkey burger.  She enjoyed her burger and surprisingly I enjoyed the pork sandwich as I ordered it out on the limb since I had too many cheeseburgers within the week before.  This restaurant also has an atmosphere like a house.  Overall, I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a good meal.Excellent food, lamb bolgenese is AMAZING! Beat salad was also delectable.  The apple cider was just perfect and delicious.  Will definitely be back.  Service was slow to seat, despite reservations and the kitchen took 40 mins to get our entrees out.  That was annoying, but the food made up for it.Great place for brunch! Cutest decor of any restaurant I've seen in a long time. Lovely little street of restaurants on Penn's campus. Great food - all 6 of us tried something different and all were impressed. Make reservations ahead of time. A line out the door but you'd never know it by the excellent service and quality of food.White dog cafe is a local chain serving farm to table fare in an easy going environment.  I loved that they had a vegetarian menu.   I got the beet salad, which was delicious, and the white asparagus soup, which was boring and a slight disappointment.  The food was pretty pricey, but wine bottles are half price on Mondays!Hooorraayy! Windows Phone app can finally write reviews! Now down to business. I stop by the charming little row of restaurants  after a visit to the Penn Muesum. My girlfriend and I decide to stop by the white dog cafe to take advantage of a checkin deal. Although the free beer was great. Everything else was entirely overpriced. Yes the food was good but the depending on what size plates you order. It is miniature , tiny, and small. All of the ingredients are local and fresh. However, no one could tell me if there pork products had nitrates in them. If you pride yourself on using fresh and local and depend a higher price it seems irrational to have nitrates to cheaply cure your meats. Lastly our waiter was a nice man but seem to lack focus on us because we weren't middle aged Penn alumni.I was there with a group. Most people liked their entrees, which however were a bit small. Great fish and chips. Love the local beer selection. No one liked the olive oil ice cream.Short and sweet:
Beautiful atmosphere:
I'm a huge dog fan so the main reason i went here.  
Now for food:
Ordered Lancaster omelette.  Bland.  And very basic omelette and it was only luke warm (if that). Quite disappointing. 
Price:
A little high however i can understand charging the amount they do for farm fresh ingredients. 
Overall:
Nothing special as far as food.  I would only come back for cocktails.  I wouldn't waste money on the food. Quite disappointed since i heard great things.We wandered in here looking for a drink to cool down from the incredibly hot weather, and White Dog fulfilled our needs. Drinks were a bit pricey but what do you expect from an on-campus bar/restaurant. My friend ordered a mixed drink and I enjoyed my first Sly Fox. We also shared an order of the vegan coconut creme brulee which was absolutely divine, I would definitely order that again. I think its a nice place to go have a drink and relax, though their music selection could be improved (Lady Gaga album, really?).I've only been here for brunch, but I have had very pleasant experiences here. 
The wait time isn't bad at all usually, and I believe you can make reservations. The food is really good, especially the free treat you get for the table (my mind goes specifically to octobers treat- a pumpkin chocolate chip bread. The service can be lovely, and we even requested more bread and got it for free (although we happily would have paid for it. However, it can be easy for your server to forget about you for a while especially depending on where you are sitting. Not good if you drink a lot of water like me.I ordered the harvest bread basket and it had a variety of baked goods. The coffee cake was the best followed by the chocolate chip muffin, then the poppy seed muffin, and then the cheddar chive biscuit. The pastries were delicious and if I ever visit again I would just order the coffee cake and muffins! Their panini was very yummy but also very filling. The mussels didn't have much taste but the omelet was light and fluffy just the way it should be!Been here a few times over the years. It's not the greatest food in the world, but it is nice to get fresh, locally sourced vegetables. Last time, I got the hummus plate, which was adequate, though nothing special, a bit on the dry side. Oh, the flatbread that came with it were yummy. I'd have liked to have seen some olives and vegetables with it too, though. I did get a free beer for having checked in via Yelp, though. Previous visits were similar - decent brunch and a few decent dinners, but nothing stellar.  
It's extremely cramped to navigate through, but I actually like that it takes advantage of the various rooms, blending a restaurant with a home. Even though we were quite close to other tables, I didn't overhear any fun confessionals about an uncomfortable itch. I find it more intimate, charming.
Bottom line - if I'm in the area and hoping to avoid the inevitable nauseous feeling I get when I shove way too much greasy food into my pie hole (which rarely ever actually has pie in it), along with a quieter environment, White Dog is an acceptable choice. But I'll never actually make a trip to University City just for this place.White Dog first came on my radar when an old coworker talked about how it was owned by the same family that owned the Moshulu. I knew based on that alone, that White Dog must be something special, but that was several months ago. I recently got a new job, and many of colleagues frequent White Dog for professional dinners. When I realized it was just a quick walk from my office, I almost immediately made plans for happy hour.
White Dog's Happy Hour offerings are one of, if not THE best I've seen since moving to Philly. They offer food ranging from $5-10 with items such as a double cheddar burger, 6 for $6 oysters, and even a dessert option - from apps to snacks to larger items, you can't beat the variety and value. Additionally, their drink menu is equally impressive. No, you won't be scoring a $2 Kenzinger here, but you can choose between $4 specialty drafts or an impressive array of $5 wines and cocktails. 
It should be noted: Happy Hour is only honored at the bar (unless otherwise mentioned by the hostess) There are two entrances, and bar at each one. The main entrance bar is bigger, louder, and more apt to be busy. It offers more the traditional pub vibe. The back bar, by the more obscure entrance, is very cushy, quiet, and elegant but offers about half the seating of the main bar. It's amazing that you can be in the same place with same happy hour, but have two completely separate experiences, but what's even more impressive is White Dog pulls off both vibes flawlessly. As you saunter through the restaurant's various levels, be sure to watch your step, but also be sure to look around at all the doggy details. From door handles and bookshelves to coat hangers and framed art, there's dogs everywhere - and I couldn't get enough. It's subtle and classy but equally hilarious if you're a keen observer.  
Most importantly, the food and drink offerings are incredible. My friend and I ordered the Brussel sprouts and parmesan fries, and both were incredible. The fries were hand cut, perfectly seasoned, and served with a tasty ketchup and spicy aioli. The Brussel sprouts were served in a small skillet of maple butter and bacon, and I could not get enough. Even today, I can't stop thinking about the flavor! The hand crafted cocktails are equally impressive. I ordered the $5 Honey Mule - a slightly sweet, refreshing twist on a traditional Moscow mule. There are about 5 very different cocktails on the Happy Hour menu, but their entire drink menu is impressive. 
This place is ideal for date night, girl's night, boy's night, gender-neutral night, and of course - HAPPY HOUR! I can't wait to come back, this easily one of my new, most favorite Philly spots.I've been to White Dog twice for dinner and once for lunch. I had the fillet mignon for dinner. It was juicy, flavorful, and perfectly prepared. The mashed potatoes were really good too. For lunch, I had the Black 'N' Blue burger, which was good. They have a really good local beer selection here too - Dock Street, Troegs, Sly Fox, and Yards among others. The reason I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is that I feel they are a bit overpriced.Service was good. Space is cute. Food is really good. I got the pancakes- a little sweet but my son loved them. Friends ordered Turkey BLT, Avacado LT, Chicken salad and all were happy.My wife and I had dinner here last night, first let me preface my comment by saying I am a very easy going, forgiving foodie but this place has a snobbish air about it that I couldn't overlook, right from the waiter to the customers sitting next to us, maybe it's the norm for that area! I requested a table in one of the side rooms instead of being seated next to the bar within two feet of a snobbish couple.  The drinks were overpriced and only mediocre. I had the Kennett Square mushroom soup and the lamb sliders which were both very good, my wife had the organic tofu with whole wheat lo mein, absolutely bland with two cups of watery broth on the bottom, sriracha sauce and salt could only make it tolerable!  I will not return as there many other better restaurants in the Devon/Wayne areaOne of my favorite restaurants in the city, definitely my favorite in West Philly. (Farmicia is another fav & I recently discovered they were started from the same guy.. makes sense.) The menu changes periodically to maintain the freshness of the ingredients due to availability & season. All about sustainability, supporting local food & healthfulness- I have never had a bad dish here. Everything is spectacular. I would frequent it weekly if I could. The service is also always friendly & helpful when you're deciding between the many delectable menu options. Atmosphere is quaint, country & comfortable. Great for dates &/or brunch.The food was pretty good. The service was bad bad bad. The door lady was weird and kind of rude to me and my friend, which I didn't know where did it come from at all. Honestly their service just ruined everything, which made me don't enjoy the food any more.Nothing short of a perfect evening. Excellent service from our well spoken tentative waitress, while sitting outside for dinner. First the honey butter for the fresh warm rolls just settled us in for the evening. Seriously, I had the freshest most delicious orgasmic cheddar burger I have ever had!  I have no idea how they cook their french fries but they were just as delicious. My dinner date had a pasta dish that they too raved about.If you are going to charge $18 for a glass of wine, that wine better have just been opened. To serve a glass that came from a bottle obviously opened several days before is - at that price - is disrespectful to your customers. I brought the wine back to the bartender, and he did open a fresh bottle - and new glasses. Lovely space. Disappointing food.The service was friendly and professional. We sat at the bar and got 10% off our food bill. Although we sat at the bar, food came slow. Besides the 10% discount, benefits of sitting at the bar include, self seating and fast drinks.
We ultimately decided to give this place a try because of the bottomless drinks. Be warned!!! They're bottomless but seriously LACKING in alcohol content. It's like drinking juice! 
Food wasn't great. I had pancakes and bacon with the blackberry jam. I wouldn't order it again but I would differently give this place another shot based on service alone.I can't say enough good things about this restaurant! I arranged a dinner here for my friend's bday dinner. We were a party of 8 and everyone I was with raved about how much they loved the place, the food, and how I picked the perfect restaurant! The service was perfect and they even gave my girlfriend a bday card from the restaurant and brought out a complementary dessert for her with happy birthday written on the plate!
This place is so adorably decorated with all of the dog photos and each room is so unique! Definitely the perfect kind of ambiance! When it comes to the food, you can expect to enjoy a delicious meal here! I am a huge fan of tuna tartare and their's is simply amazing! I would definitely recommend it! The pork chop is delicious as well! So flavorful and juicy! The mussels were delicious too! I don't think you could order a bad meal here. I really look forward to going back for another amazing dinner! :)I've been here a few times and love the warm, quaint feeling of this place. I feel like I'm coming back to the cabin after a day of skiing or something. It's definitely home-y. 
Now about the food. We started with hummus and the cheese plate - the cheddar and the little slices of toasted walnut bread were great. I knew that my main dish would be good after trying these appetizers. I ordered the steak salad - a five start lunch salad dish. Everything was fresh, flavorful, and the steak was cooked perfectly.Cute adorable dog-loving place! The name of this restaurant is what drew me in, but the paper mache dog heads lining the wall and huge art-deco style dog pop art all over the bar is what kept me wanting to come back. 
The vibe of the place is cool. We sat at the bar (full service and you get 10% off your check!) and the bartenders were quick, friendly and made recommendations. We had a couple drinks and a heavier kind of lunch since we weren't eating the rest of the day. Started with the trio of hummus: beet hummus w pickled onions, kale hummus with pine nuts, and roasted garlic hummus. I loved them all except the beet one was a bit odd for me personally, but my bf liked that one the best. It comes w pita bread and taro-like chips. It's a good app if you like hummus for sure, they had a nice selection of sharing apps to choose from. 
For main courses I had the curry shrimp and bf had the burger, he said it was good. It came w truffle fries. My curry shrimp was pretty delicious and unique. It isn't spicy at all, it's more of a sweet and savory type of dish with clean flavors. The dish almost seemed a bit shy in its flavor delivery, like I wanted a bit more. It was still good tho, just tiny in portion. 
I'm not from the area but wish I was just to come and have drinks at this bar and look at all the dog love! Also to eat the food.good food and nice atmosphere.  
it was super crowded when we were there (it was also the night before Philly marathon so a lot of people were in town), so it was hard to get the server's attention but still, he was nice about it.
over all, good food with good service. recommend it.This was my favorite restaurant in University City when I went to college at Drexel.  True, it's a little pricey, but the food is delicious, fresh, local, and organic.  They're particularly great for brunch, but I have honestly been completely satisfied with everything I've ever gotten there.   They have a good bar, too!Dropped in for drinks at happy hour.  It was pretty quiet most of the time, good for conversation.  The beer (Carpe Nocturne) was cold, daark, and tasty, and we also enjoyed a cheese platter and Mac&Cheese with Bacon.  Not bad, at all, and the staff were helpful without being obtrusive. The rest rooms are good too.While it can get pricey, the WDC is razor sharp when it comes to great food, great staff, and great drinks. It's a bit dark inside for my taste, but I get over it.I've been here 3 times and have had stellar service every time!  I get treated like family when I go.  Ok...my brother is the sous chef there...but even when he's not working I get a warm genuine welcome.
The food?  Fantastic!  Being vegan I have a tough time finding vegan friendly options, let alone something that's actually good!  I highly recommend the Vegan Buffalo Cheesesteak and the Seitan Chickpea Dosas.  
Cute, cozy atmosphere.Consistently great food: brunch, dinner and dessert. A bit spendy but definitely a fun and tasty place to take out-of-towners.Food was great! I highly recommend the Summer Squash Gnocchi.A lil overpriced because of dedication to only buying ingredients local.
BUT the food is tasty. Menu changes but first time I went it was ribs, tatoes n collard greens. It was succulent fall-off the bone good. Other times it was good even if somewhat over priced.Last Sunday I brought my family from out of town to White Dog. I had the Pork Belly Benedict and it was AMAZING, so good I might be back this Sunday for another order! The oysters were sweet and fresh and the atmosphere was delightful. Our server Ken was informative, friendly, polite, and delivered excellent service. Thank you!Great place! Staff is so friendly! Natalie the bartender is awesome and super nice. Had the veggie burger on the lunch menu and it was yummy! I will definitely be back!I took my sister here for brunch looking for something new and different for her since she's from Las Vegas and they have pretty much the same restaurants there and then some. The WDC looked interesting from their website so I wanted to try it with my sister. We got to the restaurant with reservations and we were seated right away. I was so fond and amazed with all the dogs artwork and decor that I fell in love with the place right away since I am a dog lover...then we got the food. I ordered the pork belly croquette along with the truffle fries. The fried we're crunchy and fragrant and tasty while the pork belly croquette, not so much. The pork belly had a little taste to it but the croquettes were bland and it was mediocre, I tried to like but couldn't taste pass the blandness. It was the same for my sister's omelette as well, the feta gave her food the flavor it needed but otherwise, it was bland as well. The service was mediocre as well, the waitress was not to keen of being there on a Sunday I guess? I would go back again for dinner maybe just because I love dogs and willing to give it another try.I love coming to White Dog for brunch. This place uses organic, local ingredients and on top of that, every meal I've ever had there was stellar. Its one of those places where you can't decide what to order cause everything looks so good (and it is). White Dog definitely has its own style, because the menu is so unique. if you want something new and guaranteed to be good, check it out!My first visit here and was very disappointed. Eggplant rollatini was like eating chewing gum!  Didn't think it was possible to screw up eggplant. The apple "bread pudding" dessert was the furthest thing from bread pudding I ever tasted!  It was mostly warm apples. I won't be back.White Dog has become our go-to pre-movie spot, we love it here!
The first time I was here was actually for my bridal shower, and they had us in the private lower level room, which was very cozy and intimate. Even for a large party, the service and food was great.
What I love about this place is the atmosphere. It is so hard to find a restaurant these days that isn't some new trendy place, where its hard to get a reservation, and its either huge and loud or teeny tiny and cramped inside. Not to mention the amount of places where the food itself is teeny tiny! I love that White Dog has been around for awhile and still hits the mark. The space is large but because it has multiple rooms it feels cozy and charming, no matter where you sit. 
Some of my favorite date nights have been on winter nights here, where a glass of their bold and velvety "White Dog Red" wine (c/o local favorite, Penns Woods Winery) hits the spot. This weekend we ate here and the waiter was attentive and lovely, even offering a sample of wine if I couldn't decide. I had the braised pork shoulder which was perfection. It came on a generous helping of rich grits and the serving size of the meat itself was well worth the price tag. I brought home leftovers and ate it with a fried egg for breakfast the next day! My husband had the meatballs and the lamb ragu and loved both! Don't miss dessert - the carrot cake bread pudding was delish. 
As I write this from my desk on monday afternoon, I'm dreaming of another glass of that wine and a warm hearty meal...Peel away all the pretension and the food's interesting and good.  The tables are way too close together and it's too loud!A great Bruch spot in University City.  We started out with the bottomless Mimosas (of course).  I ordered the devil egg tray, which had three different varieties of eggs on it.  I preferred some over others, but they are all delicious.  We also ordered the fried pickles.  They were good, but I would have preferred a ranch style dipping sauce over the Russian/ thousand island that was provided, but nonetheless good.  I ordered the Thai beef Udon salad.  It was delicious.  Every bite was unique and I throughly enjoyed the salad.  I was plated very well and tasted every bit of excellent.  The other entree ordered at my table was the pork belly Benedict.  Two large pieces of pork belly with biscuits and poached eggs.  I had an opportunity to taste it and it was pretty good.  I give the chef credit for creativity and thinking outside the box with a twist on a Bruch staple classic.  
My server, Phillip deserves to be recognized.  He was working his ass off through as maze of tables.  He was knowledgeable and was able to provide me with recommendations.  He was even good breaking my heart when he told me they were sold out of scrapple and I had to change my Brunch order.  
Overall, it was a great Bruch experience.  It's up there with the best in my book, but does fall short of the best in my book, if you are asking me to be critical.  Bolete, Bethlehem, PA and Gunter & Co, Baltimore MD are my two tops.  My only real complaint that I am 6'4"285 lbs. and I was seated at the smallest table downstairs known to man.  Next time I make a reservation, I will be sure to ask for a larger seating arrangement.  The downstairs is very cramped and tight.Really more like 3.5 stars...
I've been here twice for lunch and have been impressed with the food both times. I have been much less impressed with the prices. I know that sourcing local and organic ingredients tends to cost more, and I am more than willing to pay a premium for quality ingredients, but a vegetarian sandwich of mushrooms, hummus, greens, and multi-grain bread should not cost $12. I will say that the sandwich was perfectly toasted and tasted really, really good- in fact it is probably one of the best veggie sandwiches I've had in a restaurant, but it is just too pricey. The mushroom soup is also excellent- definitely more mushroom flavor than cream which I appreciated. The decor is cozy, but the service is surprisingly standard. I would consider putting this in my regular restaurant rotation if the prices weren't quite so steep.Good food made from local ingrediants.  The dining room was beautiful, with quirky decorations.  We had brunch, which was great and reasonably priced (around $10).   Portion size varied:  the salmon benedict was huge and could have fed 2 people, while my French toast was on the small side.  It might be good to check with the waiter about that before you order.
All in all, a great brunch place.  Best of all, there was no line Saturday morning!This nicely attired place offers a fairly priced selection of food and drink. The choice between draft and bottled beer is extensive enough to satisfy most beer lovers. The various plates, while being attractively named, were somewhat flat in presentation and taste. Service was somewhat lacking when It came to refilling water glasses and following up on drinking and menu selections.We sat outside and the ambience is beautiful. Food and booze were equally good. Great wait staff. Restaurant is on a quiet street and outdoor seating is pet friendly.Great, fresh, organic salads and dishes in a cozy cafe near UPenn.  Try the white dog tapas platter of the day!I know that White Dog isn't as cutting-edge as it used to be, but I don't care. They have a very good beer selection, and the bartenders can actually, you know, bartend. This is usually a good sign, and White Dog is no exception.
The food is very good, and while it's not going to "wow" you anymore, just about everything I've ever eaten here has been appealing to both the eyes and mouth.
As most people have noted, it's a great date place, and I particularly like sitting in the bar area. In fact, I won't sit anywhere else.
It doesn't matter who you are... resident, visitor, tourist, student... White Dog can appeal to everyone and has been in business long enough that it deserves its reputation as a Philadelphia "institution".I came here for brunch, and it is probably one of the better brunch places I've had. Everything they serve here is organic and straight from the farm. Because of that, the menu is on the pricier side. The decor had an elegant side to it. The home fries are a must have. They are cooked on the burnt side and seasoned very very well. They bacon was also delicious! It was thick cut and still chewable. It wasn't too oily either. We also had 2 complimentary coffee cakes. The original one was better than the white chocolate one. I would definitely come back here again.All local, all organic, all delicious? Heck yes! This is always where I go with my parents when they visit. Every time I've been the food is amazing, and the home made ice cream is to die for! The unique set up of the dining areas all being slightly different is such a great idea! Each room is its own dog theme, and it makes the place quieter than a one room restaurant of the same size. Its food that you feel great about eating for both the flavor and the cause its championing.I'm a big fan of el Perro Blanco for a couple of reasons.  First, they have great beers on tap and the bartenders know how to make a drink.  Last, their food is quite a big step up from typical bar fare, with some interesting choices alongside great standards like their burger.  
Be ready for a healthy dose of neo-liberal propaganda though; its effect on me was mitigated somewhat by the fact that part of said propaganda is to use locally-sourced, all-natural foodstuffs, which clearly leads to tastier vittles.Unique cafe close to the University of Pennsylvania.   Food was very good especially the seafood plates.   My baby romaine salad was average though.  The mocktails were phenomenal!!  I highly recommend them!
My biggest complaint was our server Angela.  She had zero people skills, BARELY spoke to us, and seemed completely annoyed when we dare asked for a straw!!  We only know her name because it was on the receipt.  She never talked to us long enough to introduce herself.  And by the way, their straws are completely unsanitary.  They're not sealed at all, they sit out in an open area, and the servers touch them with their hands. 
I would return because we will unfortunately be spending a lot of time at UofP, but I will definitely request a different server if we get Angela again, AND I'm bringing my own straws!!The decor is super cute with all the dogs. Very much enjoyed looking at all the different decor. The food was good. Not like fantastic but not terrible either. They had some interesting plates but $22 for a chicken Cobb salad was a little much. I understand that it's in the middle of university city so that it's going to be overpriced a bit. 
I would have given it 4 stars but our waitress was completely rude to my party of four and made us wait incredibly long to order. When we got her attention and told her we were ready her smile was so fake and forced. We could tell she was frustrated with us but we hadn't done anything other than ask her to take our order--and we asked kindly. 
I wouldn't frequent this place, but it's definitely nice to go every once and awhile.So much seating! This restaurant continues on for eons. Ok not really, but don't be deceived by the cute little outside..this place can seat large groups. 
Did the bottomless brunch--$14 for unlimited mimosas, greyhounds, or bloody marys. Waiter was awesome and very attentive to my quickly emptied glasses. 
Food was fine I got the Avocado BLT. I wouldn't crave it again but I liked it. 
Gave us complimentary sweet breads with this honey butter I could've eaten by the spoonful. I think I did.Pretty disappointing lunch. The service was terrible. He got an order wrong, forgot a drink, and we felt abandoned after our food came. The food was just okay. The chips were not good and my Cuban sandwich was lackluster. It was $16 so it should have been pretty amazing. The Nojito drink tried to warn me with its name. Just. No. Don't get it. It was a mocktail alright, mocking me with its terribleness. This place is riding on its reputation.  Maybe the dinner and brunch is still good. But we'll be going to the new deck next time for lunch.DISCLOSURE: This review is only based off of a brunch experience.
This place is adorable and is close to campus, which is why I find it to be a convenient spot if I'm looking to go somewhere slightly nicer than the other places on campus. That being said, prices are definitely kind of steep but the food is really tasty, most definitely. I've tried the flatbread on the brunch menu as well as the stuffed french toast dish (which rotates and changes every so often but mine was a nutella and marshmallow fluff one), which was one of the best french toast dishes I've had yet.
The menu always looks incredibly appetizing and I actually really do want to come here again soon. I wish the prices were slightly less expensive (which is the reason for the -1 star) but the place is adorable with dim lighting and cute decor and the service has never been an issue either.Go for brunch!  One of the few bottomless brunch places in Philadelphia (believe me, I looked) and such a cute quaint place.  Bottomless mimosas are only $14, which is such a steal.
I got the three-egg omelet and it was fantastic -- the goat cheese and sundried tomatoes gave it great flavor.  The others in my party got the pasta and really enjoyed it.  
Great place to come with friends or take family!Freshman year I lived in the dorms across the street from White Dog. I spent an academic year lusting after the delicious smells wafting out of the tastefully decorated front door, while I settled for dining hall pizza.
Well, I finally ate at White Dog last September with a couple of friends in celebration of the start of a new school year. As a poor college kid, I ordered a $14 medium rare burger that I couldn't quite afford. I had reasonably high expectations for that burger, because of the wafting smell thing and fourteen dollar price tag. Also I think the menu gave a lengthy description of the burger's origin, something about grassfed cagefree vegetarian organic amish cows. 
When our food arrived, my medium rare burger turned out to be well-done. And not in the good sense of the word. In the charred gray not a hint of pink to be found anywhere how could anyone desecrate a fine piece of beef like that sense of the word. 
I politely pointed out the burger's well-done-ness to our waiter, who apologized profusely and hustled off the kitchen to order another. I spent the next 20-30 minutes daydreaming about my burger watching my friends eat their food thinking that our waiter must have effed up and written down the wrong order because how could anyone work at a place like White Dog NOT know how to cook a medium rare burger?
By the time my second burger arrived, my friends had finished eating. I was slightly annoyed that my bun wasn't toasted this time, because they took 20-30 minutes to remake a burger in a nearly empty restaurant and didn't have the decency to toast the bun. I was more than slightly annoyed when I cut into it and realized that this burger looked exactly like the first one. In fact, they had probably just spit on it a few times re-warmed it and slapped it on a cold bun. I didn't have time to try my luck a third time, so I just ate it. After hastily dropping of burger dos, our waiter made himself scarce until it was bill time. Didn't ask how my food was, didn't refill our water glasses, I mean the man was avoiding us! 
While we were waiting for our bill, a family at the table next to ours asked the waiter to explain to their kids what the difference was between a well-done, medium-well, medium, medium-rare, and rare burger. Before beginning his spiel he shot our table a glance to see if we were listening. We were. With rapt attention. I've never seen anyone get that red while saying the words "a medium-rare burger should be pinky-red in the center." When he picked up our plates, I left nothing but a sizable chunk of grey hamburger on mine. He still made no comment. When he came back to drop off the bill, I told him that my second burger was no rarer than my first, and that he should let the cook know how his medium rare burgers were turning out. He apologized again and ran off with our money. No offer for a free burger, no nuffin. We ended up giving him a pity tip because honestly his life must just be terrible if he had too much anxiety to take ownership of an overcooked burger.
So in summary: over-hyped, over-priced, poorly executed food. Either vindictive or completely incompetent kitchen staff. Sheepish servers. I'd hit up random freshman for a guest swipe into Kings Court English House's dining hall before I go back there.Amazing place for brunch in university city. They are really adamant about their farm to table menu and everything is very fresh. I went Saturday and had their special which was a steak sandwich with an overeasy egg, avocado and salsa. It was served with Parmesan truffle fries and both were awesome. Parking is hell, but that's to be expected. I definitely recommend.This is a wonderful, cozy place.  I have eaten here twice so far with my Art Gal group visiting from Washington, DC.  I love the local, organic, sustainable focus.  The food is fantastic.  I'm a vegetarian and there was plenty for me to choose from.  This time I had a wonderful tofu dish.  The wait staff is friendly and helpful.  Plus, restaurant is within easy walking distance to 30th St Station for our train back to DC.  We will return!This place is really cute and has an enticing happy hour menu. In terms of food execution though, there is room for improvement. I came for happy hour and sampled several of the small plates. The drinks were tasty and the walnut shrimp, surprisingly, was one of the favorite things we ordered. 
For me, the biggest disappointment was the oysters. I was so excited for my west coast oysters, but they were not as good as I have had elsewhere ( for example there were shell bits all up in the oyster). Maybe it's because we were far from the west coast. Overall though, I still had an enjoyable experience here and would come back to try new things.I'd heard great things about this place which is why I wanted to try it with a friend, but warning: if you go here on a busy day (Penn or Drexel Family weekends, for example), definitely call in beforehand. We did not and our experience was absolutely horrendous for what were frankly stupid reasons. 
We entered the restaurant at around 4:00 pm, had our name taken down, and were told that we'd be seated within 30 minutes. 
This turned out to be a complete lie as two hours later, we still were not seated. What ended up happening was that people with reservations who came in were given priority before us. Now, we didn't have a problem that (they had reservations), but what we did find infuriating was the fact that every time we went up to check when we could expect to be seated, the man at the front would tell us 20 minutes (4x over...). Next time, just tell us you don't have room instead of wasting our time. Not to mention the fact that the same man sneered at us when we asked why our 20-30 minute eta had turned into two hours. 
They may or may not have great food, but no amount of culinary skill is worth being lied to for two hours straight.Sometimes you can go to a place and get the feeling they're trying way too hard to seem like a much classier place than it really is. That's white dog. The space is tiny, cramped, uncomfortable. The food is pretty good and not very expensive. I've only been for brunch. $4 mimosas and sangria is really nice and if you sit at the bar during brunch you get 10% taken off your check.White Dog is an interesting concept.  They approach food a natural and sustainable way.  Which is always a great thing.  I'm all about eat local, grown local, etc.  Their food is GOOD. However, I wouldn't go seeking them out unless I was in the hood.  The bar / grill menu is great. The food is tasty, and relatively affordable.  I split the cheese plate, the fries (Which were REALLY GOOD) and humus with a friend.  It was all very tasty, though not entirely filling.  The beer selection is good.  I give it 3 star because it's nothing spectacular. It's good. It's a GREAT alternative to New Deck.  It's just not the first place I'd go for food and drink.I came here with 7 others for dinner and the food is pretty high qualify American food. I don't have too much experience with fancy American food as a poor college student but the day we ate there, we each had a $50 budget so I got the mushroom soup, lamb bolognese, and warm fig cake. They were soooo good!! The mushroom soup was so good compared to soup you would get at my college's dining hall or compared to the typical chicken noodle soup. I was very surprised at how the lamb bolognese was such a big portion. I was so full after eating half but it was so good that I couldn't stop eating..lol.. I had to their desserts at the end and the server recommended fig cake.. I am a big fan of figs to start out so I highly recommend the fig cake..try it out for yourself!! On top of good food, it makes you happier when they say that all the food are locally produced and etc. 
I probably won't eat here typically just because it's out of my budget (again.. being a poor college kid), but I highly recommend this restaurant if you wanna have a nice dinner in university city. (I think there are a lot of high-quality restaurants in center city, but I am not too familiar with them) 
A lot of my friends also recommend here for brunch, so I plan to try out this place for brunch some day in the near future!I've already come here twice recently to have the cheeseburger and truffle fries. The burger's perfectly cooked and juicy, and the fries crispy and flavorful. I also highly recommend the peach bread pudding!Good. Pricey. Great presentation. Tastes a bit too rich.Love this place. All the brunch items are sooo delicious !!! Definitely come try this place. Located on such a cute streetI love the atmosphere here but the food seems to have been inconsistent of late.  I enjoyed my meal -- but others were not satisfied and some of the meals seemed lost on the plate.  The night I was there there was a Penn basketball game and they blamed slow service on the crowd -- but I wasn't in a rush; so it wasn't so bad.  I have had very enjoyable meals here.  The rooms and the company can define your experience.After a few more visits to White Dog, I've noticed that one of the best things they do is tofu -- it's marinated & tasty. 5 stars
I've ordered fish a few times & it was all right, though not great. Swordfish was ok. 3 stars
Brussels sprouts were disappointing. I normally love this vegetable, but they were undercooked. 2 stars
Cauliflower steak was very good. The roasted carrots were great, too, but the quinoa and sauce that came with the dish was just not very good and did not go well with the perfectly roasted vegetables. 4 stars for the cauliflower, but 1.5 stars for the quinoa/sauce.
Service is still middling but okay. Service seems well-intended but not knowledgeable about menu items. One server gave me wrong info about a food item, so I ordered it, but then addressed the mistake adequately (by letting me order something I did want).Very unpleasant experience at this restaurant for lunch today. We came in with a baby stroller, and the hostess was completely rude. It was very cramped in there, therefore there was nowhere to stand with the stroller. The hostess asked us to move in a very rude and hostile manner. Our waiter was very nice, but the Granny Smith Apple salad that I ordered was less than appealing, and the chicken on it was not cooked through. They were generous in helping carry out the stroller when we left, but I will not be returning to this restaurant.The place has a very cute atmosphere with pictures of dogs in suits.  The food was great as well, with every single component working in unison.  Mushroom soup was amazing. Lox sandwich melted in my mouth.  Dessert had a great presentation and tasted even better. Service matched the food.Delicious! Gourmet local food, great flavor combinations. A bit pricey for the portions. Try the lamb penne!I came back last Friday night to catch a late night meal after an extremely long day at work.  I ordered their burger and a Victory Pilsner. The bartender gave a fast pour of the Victory. I sat down at a small table to the side, since the bar was full. The Pilsner tasted funky, like someone hadn't cleaned out the lines in a while. Maybe I should make a list of all the bars who never clean their lines out. That might be a tall order around here though.
My burger came out after a medium wait. The fries were crisp, some a little too crisp like they'd been sitting in the frier a little too long. The burger itself was cooked ok on the outside and the cheese was melted in. Unfortunately they undercooked it again. Medium does not mean medium rare. If I see much more than a little pink, that's NOT medium. I ended up eating the burger because I was starving. Bad decision. In the middle of the night I woke up and had some problems. I even felt bad the next day until after 6pm. If Clint Eastwood was shooting this, he would have called it  "White Dog, Black Commode". 
Second time, shame on me. Not going back.Amazing place to have brunch. My friend introduced me to this place a year ago at University City and since then I started having my brunches here. Recently, I tried mushroom soup with chicken sandwich:)We came to the café last night and had Maggie as our server- she was PERFECTION. Our family is full of self proclaimed wine snobs- she recommended two separate bottles to us that were both absolutely incredible. She was charming, funny, and incredibly knowledgeable about the menu in its entirety (food, wine, dessert, etc). The food was wonderful, but even if it wasn't I would come back solely for the astounding service that Maggie offered us- she is an absolute gift. Well done, White Dog Café!I concede that this place is pricey, but dining here on a bigger budget (not my own), I enjoyed my dinner.  
First off, the restaurant bottles its own sparkling water, which I find pretty cool.  I think this is a free perk that really perked me up.  For my appetizer, I had a side of brussel sprouts with pancetta, which was fine, but pretty uninspired.  I prefer my sprouts bruised and battered (and a bit caramelized), not saucy and tender.  Others at the table had the beet trio, which looked great, and was universally enjoyed. 
But above all else, I loved my arctic char.  The skin was crispy and the whole plate with the mushrooms, swiss chard, and spaetzle felt earthy and extremely comforting.  It was perfection on a chilly autumn evening.  
My only real qualm is with the sometimes confused service.  I think the waiters need to study the seating charts a bit more, and keep their frustration for their fellow waiters to themselves.  But for that beautiful arctic char, I would definitely go back.White dog brings back great memories.  Every time I go back to Philly, I have to make my pilgrimage to the White Dog Cafe.I have to post about how much better White Dog has gotten!  I had the first meal EVER there yesterday that I enjoyed.  For the first time, the food and the service were both excellent.  I had the spicy lamb bolognese, and I really enjoyed it -- the ricotta on top was cold, and they need to offer grated cheese with pasta (DUH!), but on the whole it was a first-rate dish -- tasted of fresh, local, homemade ingredients exactly the way a meal at White Dog should.  Better yet, they got the orders right and didn't need 3 hours to serve a simple lunch.  I've always been Mr. Negative about White Dog, but now I feel like the change in ownership may have successfully shaken it up.Love the brunch at white dog. Wife and I was visiting a professor and we asked for a more quiet area so it is easier to have a conversation. We were led to the end of the restaurant and shown a corner table. At first we were skeptical because we didn't know if by being this isolated would we still get service. Let's just said that the overall meal and conversation went well and excellent service.White Dog has so many things going for it but just enough things to make it fall short of being a great restaurant. First, the look of the place is unique and fun. Dogs everywhere - cool. Well-designed, cool ceilings, all the aesthetics you would want. Frankly, the food just isn't anything special though. (Disclaimer: I've gotten brunch here 3 times, but never dinner).
The scones (or other pastries?) they bring out in the beginning with butter are delicious - but they're probably my favorite part of the meal. Most recently, I split the Chocolate Chip Ricotta Pancakes and the Vegetarian Three Bean Chili. Both were tasty, but nothing more than I've had at NJ diners. The distinguishing part of the pancakes - the whipped local ricotta - added nothing to the meal, in my opinion of course. Further, I felt like the chili was missing something important (I know your first instinct is to say, "of course, meat!"), but I'm thinking more tomato-based. Anyway, they were good, not great. On the flip side, the fried pickles are fantastic. They're full, long quartered pickles (unlike the typical pickle chips), and you get the full pickle flavor.
The service is pretty good, but the area in the front of the restaurant where people wait for tables is ridiculously small and can get exceedingly crowded on the weekend. Not fun to stand there for more than 5 minutes if its crowded. But back to the service, I waited like 15 minutes for coffee from the time I ordered my last visit. I doubt it was anyone's fault of course - it was really busy - but still, not a positive. 
I'll probably be back here for dinner at some point and can update accordingly.Went there for brunch. It is a bit pricey, but it is very nice inside and worth the extra price. We ordered the Challah French toast and the Churro waffles. The Churro waffles were excellent, very sweet, but that's to be expected. The French toast was okay. It had a unique pumpkin butter sauce which I enjoyed. We also ordered bottomless mimosas ($14 each). Nice option to have. My biggest critique was that our brunch came out room temperature. That was a little disappointing, but overall I would like to return for breakfast again! Definitely worth checking out if you are looking for a classy meal in University City!I've been here a few times since it's across the street from where I unfortunately spend nearly all my time.  I heard that it was started before the whole local produce/organic craze took over California.  Who knows!  There is a bar and the restaurant has a couple of dining areas.  It feels like a home and it's very cozy.  The food is good but it's quite pricey (entrees range from $12-16 for lunch, $19-36 for dinner).  I've never been here for dinner but I think this place stays pretty popular all day.
The omelettes are tasty and quite sizeable.  The lunch options vary from time to time but they are very good.  I just don't know if I want to spend $20 for lunch/brunch and twice that or more for dinner!We wanted a spontaneous dinner in Philly. This place was perfect. The food was awesome. I think I ate all my husband's truffle fries. Addicting!  Beautiful salad and great burgers.  There were much fancier meals, but we wanted burgers. The decor is extraordinary. Quaint, funky, elegant. Bring your favorite dog lover here; they will love it! Fantastic dog themed artwork abounds, and so tastefully done. Lots of nooks and crannies and interesting layout. Great service as well!It was pretty busy when I visited, but most of the noise was in the front at the bar. The back of the restaurant was very nice, like being in someone's very large, very nice house. Intimate, without being too tight. 
The food was very good, and I loved that it was mostly local and organic. Started with the artisan cheese plate, which as far as cheese plates go, was fairly good. Didn't blow me out of the water, but had a nice trio of cheeses. I had the spicy lamb bolognese as an entree, and my dining partner had the fillet mignon. The bolognese was excellent, but the fillet mignon was fabulous. The portions were generous too, we didn't even have room for dessert!My boyfriend and I went here for a dinner. I wasn't starving, so I got 2 small plates--the bison burger sliders and the Bruno Bros. grilled peach burrata. I didn't actually know what burrata was when I ordered it, but I rarely meet a cheese I don't like. It was presented almost like a salad, with some sort of green, cheese, grilled peaches, and proscuitto. It was a nice combination, and I don't really like salad, so that's saying a lot. The bison burger sliders, of which you get 2, are AMAZING. My eyes were wide, my hands were flailing, and I was probably drooling as I ate them  , trying to understand how something could taste so delicious (my boyfriend would argue that this is why we can't go nice places). Speaking of which, boyfriend had the porter house pork, which he seemed to like. He also ordered truffle fries, but they never actually appeared. It was fine because we weren't charged for them, and we don't really make a big stink about mistakes like that. I had the Reisling, as well, which was good but not my favorite. We didn't get dessert because it was all pretty healthy and boring sounding. The only major downside was that it was too loud in the dining room, so next time I'll try to request a quieter locale. There are a couple rooms to the restaurant, so it might be quieter in some sections. This was a nice meal, closer to 3.5 stars, mainly because DAMN, those bison burgers were bangin'.Although I am giving this a 2 star rating, there were MANY positives about my experience here yesterday, with the exception of one, which I will get to after all of the positives.
I came here with a group of 5 yesterday for their bottomless brunch. The hostesses were very polite, and we sat right on time for our 11:45 reservation. Our waitress was fantastic. She was very attentive, friendly, and was quick to provide any drink refills. 
The table ordered a turkey club, chicken chilaquiles, ham and cheese quiche and the Lancaster County omelette. All of us were very happy with our orders. The food was great, the portions we're more than sufficient. The homemade salsa was also a big hit. 
After we finished our food, we were informed that we could continue drinking as long as we didn't close out the tab. The restaurant was also no longer filled at this time (around 1:30) so there didn't seem to be any rush. We ordered an additional two rounds, and with the second we asked to close our tab out. 
After the check was already signed, we were finishing our last round when the manager came by and asked us if we could finish up, as he had another reservation for 6 waiting for the table. It seemed like an odd request since there were more open tables in the room that could hold that party, but after about 2 hours it seemed like a reasonable ask. We hurried to finish our drinks and walked to the door, where wait for it...there was literally nobody waiting. 
It may sound silly, but the manager openly lying to us to get us out of the restaurant ruined an otherwise fantastic experience. If you are going to promote "bottomless brunch," you shouldn't lie to customers just to get them to stop having drinks (we did have 5-6 each, over 2 hours). Even in the instance that there was actually a table of 6 was waiting for our table, why not ask us to move to the (empty) bar until we were done so that they could turn the table over? I'd also like to note that we tipped on top of the 20% included gratuity to account for the time we were there, as well as the exceptional service from our waitress. There seemed to be a multitude of better ways he could have handled the request, but I'm not sure what he thought he had to gain by lying directly to our faces, but to each their own I guess. 
TL;DR
- Friendly hostesses/Great waitress
- Great food, with a good selection
- Working manager was a snakeIt was ok. The butter pasta looked like it had a whole stick of butter in it, but otherwise it was good. The beet and pomegranate punch was sour, but if you add some sugar, it's good. The avocado blt was really good. The cheese burger should get 3 stars, my brother told me. The mushroom omelet gets 4 stars, said my dad. The service was good, though. Great place to eat.This place has terrible, terrible service. My friends and I came here one night after watching a play at Annenberg. When we arrived, the waiter yelled at us to close the door because it was cold. Yes, we understand that we should close the door, but please don't yell at us like we are kids. We then left.
Next, my friends and I came here for some drinks with our professor. (Yes, our professor is that awesome!) We also had a rude waitress, who was angry with us for not giving her an exact number of the people who were coming. Our second waitress was much cheerier, so that was nice. Beets salad was refreshing and delicious. It was well seasoned too with balsamic vinegar. Hummus plate was good but nothing to get excited about. 
Overall, spotty service. Decent food, but a bit pricey.You must go here if you're in Philly! The ambiance is fantastic--very cozy yet classy. Everyone who works here is incredibly professional and helpful, and the food is amazing! The farm to table concept is great--the food tastes fresh and delicious. The fried pickles are a must-have!Visited White Dog Café at 8:15 on Wednesday night. Charming atmosphere especially if you like dogs, and who doesn't! It was not what we expected which was a nice surprise. Several dining rooms made the café feel very cozy and welcoming. Nice touches everywhere. Menu appears limited on the selection. Waiter John assured my associate that pork was fall off the bone delicious. But when we ordered, no more pork! Ordered fish and ravioli. Fish was overcooked and was tough on one side almost like fish jerky. Black beans under the fish were COLD..brrr, The sauce on the fish was so slight but it was delicious. Maybe they ran out of the fish sauce too.Overall the atmosphere was better than the food. Yet the food was tasty even with the shortfalls. The pear bread pudding was so-so but the apple tart was perfecto. This restaurant is worth a try because its a fun vibe and I enjoyed just  walking around to see all the decorating that can be done when you have dogs as your theme. 
DOGS WILL BARK FOR THE WHITE DOG CAFE...Man, if someone else was buying, I'd eat at White Dog Cafe every day of the week.
While too expensive for me to dine here regularly, I will undoubtedly be back here when my girlfriend and I feel like splurging a bit on a good meal. And honestly, I'd rather pay top dollar prices at a place like the White Dog because you're really paying to support the sourcing of local food.
The beef tartare is a beautifully composed appetizer that comes with a cracked quail egg for you to pour on top of the meat. Very well seasoned and accompanied by purple mustard and half a baguettte's worth of crostini, this is how tartare should be done. I ordered the dry aged ribeye cheesesteak, which is hands down the best cheesesteak I've ever had. Seriously, they put some sort of crack mushrooms in there because I've been craving that sandwich ever since we ate there last month.
Great local cheese selection and stellar desserts. My girlfriend got the coconut creme brulee, which was perfectly cooked with a light char on top and creamy inside. I got the chocolate cake with chocolate mousse, filling, and ice cream, which was insanely rich and enjoyable. Paired with a Pedro Ximenez sherry... life doesn't get much better than that.
Our server was awesome -- friendly, attentive without being overbearing, just excellent.
Loved it!I've come here several times and have always been extremely satisfied. The specials are amazing and the service is superb. It's quite busy, but the wait times aren't too bad. Plus, their complementary appetizers are great distractions. 5/5 would recommend to friends.Food was delicious and atmosphere was very nice. Frankly, the most tender Fillet Mignon I've ever had in Philly.First off...LOVE THE DECOR!!
Second-Matt was a great waiter!
Third-the food was on point! 
I highly recommend coming here, and I will be back!The food was really great! The Salmon was super light, buttery, flaky and the vegetables just perfectly cooked. Too bad they were running out of all the drinks we were ordering that night...But all in all we had a good experience!I created a Yelp account just to write the most positive review possible for White Dog Cafe. I went for brunch today and the experience was more than I could have expected. I have heard many reviews of the White Dog, and I always thought it might be a bit out of my price range, but I wanted to take my mom somewhere nice for Mother's Day and White Dog fit the bill. The brunch menu actually is as affordable as any brunch place in West Philly/University City, plus they have an amazing drink special: unlimited mimosas, sangria (red or white), greyhounds, and bloody Marys for only $14 per person.
I got the chicken and biscuits, which was fantastic. Crispy, delicious chicken with a mix of white and dark meat, flavorful biscuits, gravy, side salad, and a perfectly cooked egg on the side. I don't usually have a huge appetite, but I ate every bite! My mom got the brioche French toast, which she also enjoyed. It was a large portion and she was able to take some home with her. My boyfriend got the pork belly, which was beautifully prepared with a nice semi-char on the outside of the meat. It came with a side of kimchi, which he didn't necessarily enjoy as much as he could have, because it wasn't traditional cabbage kimchi, but more of a pickled salad of spinach and carrots. However, it was a matter of preference, and all of the portions were generous. Additionally,  the drinks were flowing, and there was never a long wait for a refill.
Speaking of drinks--they were quite good. I started with two mimosas, which were made with freshly squeezed orange juice and decent champagne. Afterwards, I switched to the red sangria, which was pleasantly dry and not overly sweet. Our wonderful waitress did not mind that we took our time while taking advantage of the unlimited drinks, which we very much appreciated. After a while, though, the restaurant needed to free up our table for their next customers, but they invited us to continue drinking at the bar with comped desserts since we had to give up our table. They were extremely professional and friendly about asking us to move, and we did not mind at all.
Once at the bar, the bartender began pouring our drinks in pint glasses instead of the usual wine glasses. He took great care of us. We felt a bit bad ordering the free desserts since we felt the move to the bar may have been due to outstaying our welcome, but the bartender was informed of the comped desserts and suggested that we go ahead and order. We were going to split just the creme brulee between the three of us, but the bartender suggested we also get the bread pudding. It was a much welcome suggestion, as the bread pudding was custardy, deliciously eggy, and had just the right amount of sweetness, with tart cherries on top. Our drinks were refilled promptly as we enjoyed our desserts. Overall, there is no question that we had a 5-star experience at the White Dog Cafe today.I came here with my parents for my 30th birthday over the weekend.  I had thought ahead and made a reservation, which was pretty clutch given the bad weather.  My mom had recently broken her shoulder, so she was in a sling.  We dropped her off out front since she can't carry a purse AND an umbrella, so we had hoped she'd get the table, and we'd just meet her.  Turns out they wouldn't sit her down until we had all arrived, so she was getting bumped a bit... which given the size/severity of her injury, wasn't great news.  What was great news is that my mother has a big mouth, so she spoke to the host, explained the circumstances, and they made an exception for her.  I REALLY appreciated that.
We sat down at a nice table in a big, colorful room.  I ordered the bottomless mimosas which i interpreted as a challenge.  Upon reviewing the menu, it was clear that the pretzel cinnamon bun was going to have to happen as an appetizer to split.  I also went for the Mushroom omelette.  
Our waiter, Joe, was very pleasant.  He kept the drinks coming as best he could (the bar got a little backed up), and he had a really great personality that made him a pleasure.  He brought out our breakfast bread basket that i assume every table gets that is full of blueberry bread, cranberry bread, and this bread that tasted like carrot cake minus the frosting.  They came accompanied by butter, but I didn't really think that they even needed it!
The pretzel cinnamon bun came out next... COVERED in frosting... which was really great news.  Then came the entrees.  My omelette was good... but not great.  The mushrooms were a bit overdone and bity, but the onions were delicious.  The omelette was supposed to also have a cheddar on it, but I really didn't taste very much of that.  Being a cheese fan, I saw this as a huge missed opportunity.  It came with some yams and a salad that had an amazing mustard vinegarette dressing that I've been dreaming about ever since.
Everyone in my family seemed to enjoy their meal too.  My boyfriend got the country fried steak.  He said that the egg on top was well done, which meant that the yoke was cooked fully.  He said that his steak was a bit dry, but he thought that if the egg yolk was runnier, it could have acted as a great sauce... but it just didn't work out correctly.  Another close, but not quite.  
Finally, in typical fashion, my family ordered a little piece of cake which was sent out on a plate that had "Happy Birthday" written on the side in chocolate.  It was really delicious and really beautiful.  
The meal + the mimosas landed me in a couch coma for the remainder of the day, which given the weather was just where I wanted to be.  It was quite a treat thru and thru.  The atmosphere is fabulous as is the service.  The kitchen can use a little bit of work, but overall, i'd be back here again.Freaking amazing. 
If you're vegan, or even if you're not, get the Grilled Kennett Square Portobello & Spicy Cress Sandwich. It will change your life. Seriously.Had brunch there yesterday. The outdoor seating was great. The service was slow to start despite the patio not being very crowded as it was towards the end of when they serve brunch. I had the burger. Added bacon and their spicy pickles. For $24 the burger was meh. All you could taste was char however was cooked medium inside. The pickles didn't even taste pickled.  The truffle fries were very flavorful. They did however make one of the best lemon drop martinis I've ever had. I wouldn't Uber from olde city to eat there again but if in that neck of the woods would definitely stop in for a martini.Very nice for dinner and gave off an intimate feel in one of it's many separate backrooms. Not a big menu, but enough variety that it left a number of good options. I was considering giving 3-stars due to the slightly high prices. Stuck with 4-stars because they had a nice selection of beers and I enjoyed the meal.I love the quaint setting and ambience. Food is good, but nothing spectacular. However, the dessert, sticky bourbon cake with whipped mascarpone and dates (which I was quite apprehensive to try) is now one of my all time favourites. I would go back just for that.The portions were quite small for the price but it was tasty. On the other hand, the service was awful. The waiter tried to take my money! When I paid for a $41 dollar meal with a $100 bill, he took out a nice 22% tip for himself without saying anything! The gall of this waiter was incredible! My friend and I were preparing to leave a tip before I counted and he already had taken out a 22% tip for himself. Tips are up to the discretion of the customer-not the waiter. It was incredibly rude. However, I'm sure not all the white dog cafe waiters and waitresses are like this.The food here is decent, but the service is horrible!  The few times that I have been there, the waiters have been rude, and not attentive.  Honestly, there are better places in University City to go to.--2.5 stars--
Food Quality: 3 stars
Food Quantity: 2 stars
Service: 3 stars
Price: 2 stars
Came here for Sunday brunch, and ordered the pomegranate buttermilk pancakes and the country fried steak and orange juice. Wasn't too impressed with either entree, but the (fresh-squeezed) juice was pretty good.
The first entree came with 4 pancakes the size of saucer plates. I prefer my pancakes on the fluffy side, but these were dense ad mushy-tasting. Pomegranate seeds in and on the pancakes were a nice touch. However the pomegranate molasses that was described on the menu was sparsely smeared on the plate and didn't add anything to the dish.
The country fried steak was somewhat of a disappointment. There were two small pieces of steak, both extremely tough and  flavorless. There was barely enough gravy on the bottom of the plate for even one piece of steak. The only thing that saved the dish a bit was the sweet potato hash.
Service was standard. Took the waitress awhile to get us the check though.
Overall, food was mediocre and overpriced. The bill came out to be over $50 with tax and tip ($12 for two skinny glasses of OJ??). Won't be back again.Came in on a Friday for lunch- no reservation needed however I would recommend a reservation to sit in one of their cooler rooms. Their sustainable practices are pretty cool, their menu changes seasonally, and the staff is super friendly. 
We started with the hummus trio and fried pickles. Loved the pickles, could have lived without the hummus but it was still good. We then split the heirloom tomato with burrata and chicken banh mi with truffle fries. Both were delicious. The drink menu looked interesting so I'll probably be back for happy hour or dinner.Consistently good food and drinks. Great staff. Beautiful and unique decor. Burgers are excellent.