Never been disappointed here, great brunch and dinner. Huevos Rancheros, and spicy Bloody Mary are great. Calamari is decent, honey chipotle wings amazing, crab cake sandwich among others are all good choices! Only wish they had a few more craft beer selections. Oh and of course the fresh baked breads are top notch :) One of the best spots in manayunk for sure.This is a great casual dining restaurant.
If you want to be wowed and amazed then another restaurant my be for you, but if you want a sold casual dining restaurant then Winnie's is the place. The service is always great, and I like their food.  The menu doesn't change that much, but I have liked everything I have had on it.Just finished a horrible meal that started out great.  There were three of us and only one meal was edible.  The turkey burger looked like a meatloaf and while I like meatloaf not what I ordered.  When I questioned what was brought to me I was simply told it was made in-house.  Maybe something like "We used dark meat turkey to make our turkey burgers" would've helped.  But who knows maybe it was meatloaf.  No explanation either on the menu to say our turkey burgers look like hamburgers.  Secondly the hamburger ordered came out rare and not medium as asked.  Never really asked how is everything.  The Colorado chicken sandwich came out okay.  After the server started out attentive she then disappeared. The place was not busy so no excuse there.  When finished never asked how it was, if we wanted anything boxed up, the answer would've been no obviously.   All she wanted was payment on her IPad.  Really, really disappointing meal and service.  Expected better.Cane here for lunch and really enjoyed the food. I tried the lobster Mac and cheese and it was great. The waiter did an awesome job at making suggestions (he suggested the Mac and cheese) and I never had to wait for him to refill my drink. The place was nice and quiet with quality food, I'll definitely be visiting again.Somebody else already said it: you're not going to be impressed with this place. I'll just list some words that describe it below.
1) Mundane
2) Bad service
3) Lame menu
The food just isn't good. I recommend avoiding this place. You'll be disappointed; or at best full, but not pleased.Some friends recently took us here for breakfast during our visit to Philly.  It was really lovely!  We were seated at a shady table on the sidewalk outside where our friends could sit with their dog.  The cafe staff even brought out a bowl of water for her--very thoughtful.  
Service was fast and friendly, and the food was tasty.  I had an omelet, which came with roasted potatoes and fruit on the side, and a mimosa.  The omelet was cooked just to my taste.  The mimosa was crisp and refreshing.  This was a great place to spend a relaxing weekend morning.Le Bus was always considered "fancy" when I lived in Manayunk in my 20s. The food was so good, but the prices were a little too high for our working girl budgets. My husband and I met our sister in law and brother in law there yesterday with two babies and two strollers in tow. We were seated outside, which was amazing and the food was just as good as I remembered. Actually, I think it was better! I had the brown nut salad and my husband had the turkey club. He is a turkey club junkie and loved this one. My salad was SO GOOD. Hummus, feta, quinoa, walnuts, olives and pita adorned my plate. I also loved the bread basket they started us with. Everyone at the table was very happy with their meals. I just loved that we could sit outside with strollers. Our (almost) four month old son was perfectly behaved. I think he loved the vibe of Le Bus, too, and could tell his parents were enjoying themselves.This is just the best place for breakfast in manayunk. If you get there when it opens (8 AM) there is no wait. Everything I've tried has been absolutely delicious. I do think they are pricey but for the quality and good service I don't really mind.Great little place. Awesome sandwiches, a good drink selection, and some seriously-excellent fries. They're also dog-friendly and were happy to get my pup a bowl of water after our long day outside.this place was great! the food was yummy! the prices were fair. and yeah, the bread is top o the line. speaking of line - ull wait an hr for brunch. worth it.Food was not bad, however, would not return. With the new Philadelphia soda tax which is 1.5 cents per ounce Winnie's is now charging five dollars for a fountain soda. The previous price was $2.50 and based off of a a 16 ounce glass, the price would increase an additional .24 cents. Doubling the price of a drink and calling it a "tax" is disgraceful. Winnie's is taking advantage of this "tax" and price gouging their customers. It is slimy to take advantage of your customers. Will be reporting this to local news stations as I am sure they will be looking for stories on this newly imposed sugary drink tax.Great service, the cuban was not really a cuban, the beer was nice. Nice people - I would go to again.Always fresh and tasty, but a little pricey. Plus it always shocks me that for some things, like the cheddar burger, they actually serve kettle chips instead of fries when charging around $14. That said, I am rarely disappointed when I go. The Colorado Chicken Salad and the Huevos Rancheros are my favorites.The bartender Tara M( that's what it said on the receipt) was very rude. I think there was one other person at the bar and she took so long to come over to us. She was sitting on her phone completely ignoring us, didn't refill our water once or even ask how the food was. She was ignoring us to the point that it seemed she was deliberately being rude to me and my friend. The other bartender, talk brunette fellow ended doing her job for us and coming over to us because he could see we were finished. Wish we could've left him a tip instead. Poor service but food was good.We had a very good Sunday brunch and the wait was short. We look forward to coming again.The food was okay! Just what I needed and wanted from a brunch style place, an omelet, and a mimosa. But the poor waiter was the only guy running the whole place and they were pretty busy. He was great but they should def have more staff for a lunch rushMy boyfriend and I have been coming here for quite some time. We always liked the food but the service has always been poor. We had a gift card, so we came back today- but I seriously doubt we will be coming back again. My order wasn't right and we spent close to two hours in the restaurant just waiting around for our orders to be taken; our server hardly came to our table and I had an empty glass of water the whole time. It's a shame because besides the horrendous service the food it good.Stopped in on a whim and was pleasantly surprised!  The food was amazing! Lobster Mac n Cheese was very good!  Creamy and full of lobster meat. We both got salads. They were equally exceptional and full of flavor.  Everything on the menu looked delicious and I look forward to returning to try other things!  The pineapple upside down cake was to die for! Our server was very nice and attentive and did not rush us at all. Can't wait to go back!
UPDATED:
Last night 9/8/17 we went to Winnie's and were so excited to dine there. Walked in to an almost empty place on a Friday night. We were seated and our server came over to greet us and had to apologize because she had no voice...she was barely able to get out one sentence without a struggle. She explained that she was "getting over a bad cold" I'm sorry, but how she looked and sounded she was most definitely still in the midst of a severe cold!  She walked away and we sat there contemplating staying or leaving. We left. It's astonishing that a restaurant would allow such a sick employee with a VIRAL INFECTION to handle food, plates, etc. We were extremely disappointed and will think twice on returning.FYI... Before you read this please understand, this was my first and only experience with Winnie's. One of the offerings on the menu is a Salman burger, which is topped with a spicy pickled ginger and cucumber, wasabi cream, scallions, and sriracha. The topping were a good combination and left a fresh zesty feel in my mouth. The burger itself was more problematic, the Salman had a overly fishy taste, as if the ground Salman had just expired. In fact, another member of my party ordered the same meal and expressed the same concern.  Like I said, this was my first time at Winnie's so I don't have any experience with the rest of the menu but I probably won't return.The wife wanted sushi so I picked a place in Manayunk because we had a Restaurant.com gift certificate.  When the place was closed, we decided to wander Main Street and eat at a place that was open and looked okay.
Oddly enough on weekday afternoons a lot of places are closed down for lunch entirely or between lunch and dinner so our choices were more limited than one might expect.  We finally decided on Winnie's because it was open.
We ate outside since the weather was nice and we were hidden under a canopy that shielded us from the sun.  The friendly server was there immediately and we ordered drinks - a cider for her and a beer for me.  It took over 10 minutes to get two beverages that came from the tap which seemed to set the mood for the visit, although the server also brought some bread which was tasty enough.
We ordered our meals - she went for the nachos and added chicken and I ordered the Turkey Club.  Given how long the beverages took, I ran to feed the meter to ensure we wouldn't go over.  I got back to the restaurant just in time to see the server delivering the food.
The nachos were already a little cold, which meant the cheese had already congealed into a mass by the time the wife started eating them.  She was unable to finish it.  She said the taste was merely okay and it wasn't very flavorful.
My sandwich had a strange taste to it - I felt it was from the cheese which seemed a lot more bright than cheddar would normally be.  The homemade chips it came with were not as fresh as would have been preferred, but they were decent.
Overall we received meh food and meh service and the price for essentially one appetizer, one sandwich and two beers came to $50 with a tip.  All I was thinking as I paid it was, man, we could have got two steaks for only a little bit more, or hit one of the Italian eateries on Main Street and stuff our faces for about the same.
Meh food, meh service, meh value?  Yeah, I don't think we'll be back.Ruined my dinner! Ordered a turkey burger for pick up as I've had it a few times while eating in the restaurant and it's always been good. This time, the burger was almost burned to a char. I almost broke a tooth biting into it! I threw the burger away and will not be returning to Winnie's! They charge too much for a turkey burger ($14.50) for it to be cooked like that and served to a customer.Overall the restaurant was a big disappointment. The last time I was here is when it was just LeBus and it was excellent, but it has gone downhill since then. There was real problems with the kitchen, it took over 45 minutes for our main courses to be served and it wasn't busy. The waiter was also inexperienced as a person in our party ordered a salad and it was brought out with her main meal.
If you were a vegetarian, your meal was top notch. My wife's brown rice nut salad and my friends crisp pear salad were great. Another in our party had the special lobster ravioli which was also ok.
Unfortunately the meatatarians in our group had Moms meatloaf which was a disaster. Described as "prime black angus ground beef, mashed potatoes, fresh vegetables & homemade mushroom gravy" the result was over cooked and dry beef, mediocre potatoes and canned mushrooms. My friends meatloaf meal was the same. The manager approached us near the end of our meals and asked how they were, but I did not make a fuss as the rest of my party's meals were ok and I was not in a confrontational mood. 
The only reason this restaurant didn't get one star was due to their nacho appetizer my friend had. This was one of the best I have ever tasted as they make the chips in house and the cheese was great. So if you come here, go for the nachos and veggie dishes, Your cravings for meat would best satisfied elsewhere.Came for restaurant week which is maybe why I didn't enjoy it as much as I thought I would. I've heard great things about the bread baskets but ours only came with 2 slices of white bread & 2 slices of cornbread. Nothing spectacular. 
First course started with either soup or salad... I had the salad and was under-impressed. It was just lettuce with one cherry tomato & one cucumber. The second course was a choice of 4 items: tilapia, meatloaf, pasta & something else I can't remember. I opted for the meatloaf that came with mashed potatoes & broccoli. It was a huge helping with two thick slices of meatloaf with a yummy mushroom & gravy sauce on top. No complaints about the meatloaf but I would have liked more gravy on both the meatloaf & mashed potatoes, personal preference. The one piece of broccoli was so big that I couldn't cut it with my butter knife.. awkward. The third course was a strawberry shortcake. 
It wasn't the worst meal I've ever had in my life but I was definitely expecting more based on some of the reviews. With all of the other options on Main St I most likely won't be back.A terrific place to go and grab a bite to eat. It is hands down the "go to" restaurant on Main St.   A perfect place to grab brunch after a long night out or a great place to hit up dinner before doing so!My daughter and I went for Sunday brunch which, and not to stray from this review but I probably will, should be all about tasting. Restaurants that don't offer a buffet are simply selling breakfast. A brunch buffet is not to encourage the opportunity to stuff ones self but to be able to sample a variety of delictible bites. One reason I just love the emerging "tasting" or chef's menus.
I've wanted to say that for so long. So with it finally out of my system, I can move on!
The wait staff is amazing. I hope the powers that be appreciate them! I have to say, the main reason Winnie's is getting 4 stars is the Bloody Mary which was just wonderful. In fact, the second most wonderful in my lifetime and, believe me, I am not exaggerating! I love Bloody Marys. It's my favorite Sunday morning drink, other than coffee, and they have it nailed. The only thing I would add is a rim of Old Bay but still amazing.
We both ordered the Eggs Benedict. I asked for mine with the twist of a crab cake. Mistake. It was frozen and tasting like it had been frozen for some time prior to being on my plate. I should have known. On a brighter note, the Hollandaise was delightful. Perfectly balanced with just the right amount of lemon.
But let me talk about the side of sausage. Tasty, smokey, porky, spicy and wonderful. Order it if you go. 
Enjoy!After cycling on the Tow Path, we ate dinner al fresco at Winnie's Manayunk. Delicious food, both small plates and entrees. Great choice of drinks. Lovely atmosphere and Jack the waiter was excellent and attentive.I've only been here for brunch but it is one of my go-to places to eat on a weekend. I've had several of their brunch meals but always with a side of sausage. I don't normally order a side of sausage but it is that good. Recently I had their 9-grain pancakes with bananas. I was pleasantly surprised when I received the pancakes and the bananas were cooked into the pancake - score! Everything I've ever gotten there is fresh and tasty. I really enjoy the bread basket that includes cornbread, rye, and some other yummy slices and jelly. Depending on who is paying I would advise getting a mimosa. I word it that way because I think they are too expensive but very tasty. 
Overall I love this place. I can always expect fresh and tasty food. I also can always expect a wait (on the weekends for brunch). I've found that if you arrive at 10:45 or earlier you don't have too long of a wait. One thing I don't like about this place is when you wait for your table you are constantly in the way of the servers and you are squished into a small space with everyone else.With this great location and clientele i wish this restaurant would do more with its menu.  The food is standard fare.  The location is the draw. The fun warm interior of the establishment far outshadow the mediocre preparation of what seems like a thoughtful menu.Awesome food and service! Came during a busy Saturday and the staff still made sure to keep up with refills (and provided free bread)! Will definitely come back. A lot of great options on the menu.I've been to Winnie's several times before for a quick, unexpected dinner out with the kids when we were out later than planned, and on those visits, it was fine.  Nothing special, but competent, and it was exactly what we wanted at those moments.
I'm writing this review because of the bizarre brunch my family had there today.  First off, I should say that the place was completely slammed, so all criticisms should be taken in that light.  We waited about 25 minutes to be seated, and it's not a very big place.
The problems were really isolated to the kitchen.  We ordered:  Mac-n-Cheese for the boy, pancakes for the girl, a veggie burger for mom, and an omelet from the specials menu for me.   Nothing special.  It took over 40 minutes for the kids' food to arrive, and both were served tepid-to-cold.  I actually watched the mac-n-cheese being microwaved from my chair in the dining room, so I'm not sure how that could possibly have taken that long and yet still have been cold on arrival.  My wife and I waited another 10 minutes before we were served.  To be fair, my wife's veggie burger was fine, but my omelet had to be the weirdest looking thing I've ever been served in a restaurant, and I'm not exaggerating.
The "egg-portion" of the omelet was completely separate from the "stuffing", but what was truly odd was that this egg blanket showed no sign at all of ever having been in a pan.  The surface was perfectly smooth, dry, and pale yellow.  Picture a lemon, rimless frisbee.   It was as if it had been precooked in some non-pan method (can you bake-off hundreds of omelet "shells" in advance?) and then just assembled when needed, kind of like a fast food egg biscuit.   But the oddity didn't stop with the impossibly cooked eggs.  The omelet was supposed to be a "smoked tomato rabe omelet".  So, I'm thinking, "AWESOME!"  What was inside the egg-shell-wrapper-thing were 3 massive chunks of tomato that had maybe been briefly charred on a burner and a scant few tablespoons of  sad, graying broccoli rabe bits.  It was as if they had tried to sweep their most disappointing vegetables under the rug; the rug being this horrifying egg thing on my plate.
Thumbs down, Winnie; all two of them.Winnie's has amazing brunch and bloody mary's. The eggs Benedict is AMAZING. I've been here three times since moving to  Manayunk a month ago and have always good experiences. The bread they serve with every meal is always fresh and delicious.Winnie's Le Bus, you are A-OK in my book.  But I wish you would allow people who aren't ordering meals to partake in the outdoor seating when the restaurant is EMPTY...on an unbearably hot summer afternoon, I (stupidly) rode my bike from Conshohocken to Manayunk.  When I arrived in Yunk, all I wanted was to sit outside with my bike while I enjoyed a cold beer.  But nope, not at Winnie's!  
I have been back since that fateful summer day when I did NOT get my cold beer - on my next visit I sat inside and enjoyed a yummy fall cocktail (something with coffee and pumpkin liqueur in it) and some calamari with my cousin while he was visiting me on the east coast.  We sat right in a window seat, perfect for people watching.  I've never eaten a full meal here... the calamari was tasty but forgettable - nothing made it stand out more or less than any other I've ever had.  I like the location, and if I'm ever back in the Yunk, maybe I'd try brunch here.  Or maybe just more season-themed cocktails...One of the best burgers (Cheddar Burger) I've ever had. Came out to the table hot and fresh. A little pricey ($14 for burger and kettle chips) but I guess that's the city prices. Service was fast and nice atmosphere.Best brunch place in manayunk for sure! Love their eggs Benedict. I also love their varieties of mimosas. Nothing more I could ask for from a hungover brunch14 years ago I was the orange-juice squeezer and all the servers would come by and stick a glass under the tap of the squeezer machine and wait for about a minute while it slowly filled up because it was that good. Don't tell Winnie or she will ream me the fuck out. I used to take home gallons of it at the end of the shift on Sunday. I've spent most of the rest of my life trying to find orange juice this good.
Don't get me started on the deep-fried sausage.I found myself at Winnie's again last week, against my better judgment. We were hungry, it was late - our expectations were low. Still, Winnie's disappointed. The service was still slow, but it wasn't pleasant. She wasn't even civil. It was restaurant week, and we ordered off the regular menu - big mistake. It was as if they hadn't expected anyone to do that, so our food was (quite literally) thrown together on plates with substitutions we didn't request. Want nachos as they're described? Nope. You'll get guacamole, wilted lettuce and a scoop of salsa. Don't ask the waitress about it - she'll tell you that's all it comes with, until you ask to see a menu and point out the mistake. 
The burger I got is advertised as coming with cheddar cheese - instead 3 slices of American topped it. A big difference? No, but a heads up 'hey we ran out' would've been fine. 3 slices of plasticky American ? No thanks. 
It took an hour and a half for 2 people to have dinner with one appetizer, a burger and a salad with no more than 10 other tables at 8pm on a weeknight. The service was surly, the food was wrong. When Winnie's gets it right, it can be awesome. Unfortunately, that's just a distant memory.I've only been to Manayunk twice but both times I made sure I went to Le Bus. The first time we happened to stumble upon it on a random week night. It was pretty empty but we thought we'd try it anyways. I'm not exactly sure why we liked that place but we did.
So when we visited the town for a second time we went back for drinks  after grabbing dinner at some other restaurant. The place was empty again but we sat at the rounded bar just like we did the year prior. The bartender was really nice, even after we gave him a hard time about serving Pepsi over Coke. (I'm a Coke loyalist.) In the end we had a couple of drinks and he also gave us free samples of the sangria (I suggest the red wine one even though I'm normally a white wine sangria fan. They were both really good though). We left as the restaurant was closing and as we were about to step out of the restaurant they gave us a free bag of bagels. 
Just nice people. If I ever come back to Manayunk I'll have to make sure to have a meal so my review isn't solely based off of alcohol and service, although those are both very important.Update!  Most of my previous comments still stand - but they have made some improvements.
If you're in a hurry for lunch check out the togo section.  You'll save money & time perusing the fridge in the bakery nook where you can buy pre-made salads, wraps, & soups.  Crave-worthy brown rice nut salads are only $7.50 (vs $11 sit-down) - you miss out on some extra whole wheat pita but the good stuff (brown rice, almonds, walnuts, raisins, carrots, celery, peppers, tahini dressing, & hummus) is all there.   
Special thanks to the speedy gal who checked me out today - what a refreshing change of pace!Stopped in on a whim and was pleasantly surprised!  The food was amazing! Lobster Mac n Cheese was very good!  Creamy and full of lobster meat. We both got salads. They were equally exceptional and full of flavor.  Everything on the menu looked delicious and I look forward to returning to try other things!  The pineapple upside down cake was to die for! Our server was very nice and attentive and did not rush us at all. Can't wait to go back!Manayunk staple, I'd classify it as a 'safe' choice. Nothing special but not bad. Their breakfast French toast is greatGreat lunch spot! Enjoyed the bean soup and chicken salad was delicious. Sounds boring but the presentation was unique. My husband indulged in the Cuban sandwich and he said there was a pickle hidden inside, not dill not sweet. More like a cucumber. He loved it and the fries were yummy! The sangria was really good with cranberries and sliced apples along with a cinnamon stick. My husband also had the pumpkin cheese cake with Creme fresh. Yes, we ate like it was dinner! We'd been traveling all day. Service was prompt and food came quick & hot.I've only been here for brunch and the food is decent. I had the eggs benedict and my bf had an omelet. The place was really busy and there were some noisy children around but that doesn't bother me.They have the best bread here, soups, salads and samwiches! LOVE it!Surprisingly fantastic fresh food. Had the brown rice salad and it was amazing! The hummus was so tasty and smooth! The basket of bread that they serve was delicious! The only thing keeping it from 5 stars was the service. Everyone was pleasant but didn't have that extra zing of friendliness/welcomeness that 5 stars bring to the table.I had dinner here on a whim recently and found it good, but not necessarily worth the hype. The restaurant is nice enough and has a varied menu, but it is fairly casual American fare. I will say that the service was attentive. Overall, everything was decently priced and well presented, so it's a good choice for a casual dinner, but nothing to write home about.Loved it! Husband and I chanced upon this spot because I, being 6 months pregnant, needed to pee once again. They were nice about letting me use the bathroom when I didn't think we'd stay. When my husband was waiting for me he read the menu and decided we'd stay. Smart fella. 
I had the spinach salad with goat cheese, caramelized pecans and beets. He had the salad with lotsa nuts. We added avocado to our salads and split a vegetarian chili bowl. First time in a long time I was licking off the plate. The best meal I had all week.Soggy sweet potato fries and we returned our order of tomato and fresh mozzarella which used cubed cheese - because they ran out of fresh mozzarella. Ugh, and we had to point this out. #CrackerBarrel #LastTimeWeGoToWinniesWe went for brunch on a Saturday with a party of 6 including a 5 year old. The menu had something for everyone! We ordered the frittata rustica, an omelette, pancakes, salmon burger, and then noodles and cheese for the little one. Every dish was mouth watering. Our waiter Brad was also very friendly and attentive. Can't wait to go back!Ended up going here for a work lunch.  This menu seemed to have healthier options than most places around.  e.g. kale salad, quinoa dishes, and I wouldn't be surprised if they had some gluten free stuff.  
Ended up getting the crab cake sandwhich with side salad.  The waiter told me the side salad comes with the house vinaigrette which really didn't add much flavor to the raw bed of greens but was a good low cal option.  The crab cake sandwhich was solid.  Had a few larger pieces of crab and wasn't just claw meat and filler.  Also had an imperial pumpkin on tap which I was pleased to see.  Sandwhiches run about $12.  The real treat is their bread which is home made.  The crab cake came on brioche which was excellent.  They supply their bread to many local places including for all the sandwhich made for take out at Sonoco.  Nothing really drawing me back with the array of options on Main Street but a solid pick to mix it up.I have dined here 3x, most recently twice for lunch.  This is a perfect lunch destination for a group of 4-8 as the menu is diversified enough to appeal to all.
Great location on center court of Main Street.    The restaurant decor is finely set with cycling jerseys.  They also have a regulation racing shell set between neat wood beams over the bar area.  They do need to clean the visible dust bunnies though...
My recent menu selection was the Colorado Chicken sandwich.  A nice juicy sandwich complimented with a side of fries.  The bread basket, pre arrival of entree is also very good.
The beer selection looked great as well.  I noticed the Goose Island 312 on tap which is a very fine beer for the summer season.
Enjoy this one!The food was great and service was fairly quick.  The server was very nice and informative. The only issue was that the place isn't the biggest so while waiting for a table, I was constantly moving because I was in the way of servers and the bar is smack in the middle of the place it was filled.  I'm not a small guy so that might be unique to me.Ok, so picture this. It's my first trip to Manayunk, and I've heard such great things about it, so I'm pretty excited. After driving around for a bit, we found a good parking space, and decided to get out and explore. We'd driven past Winnie's and spoken about trying it, but we were pretty much open to whatever caught our eyes. We walked to Winnie's and looked at the menu. Immediately, the Colorado salad (I think that's what it was called, because I can't find it on the menu now) caught my eye. My friend didn't see anything she liked though, so we kept it moving. We stopped into a fabulous furniture store, and a few other stores before deciding to go back to Winnie's for lunch. Our waitress was really friendly - sorry I don't remember your name, Ma'am. She brought us some yummy bread - raisin nut, cornbread and pumpernickel, I believe. The raisin nut was delicious, the cornbread was good and the pumpernickel was good with the super yummy preserves. So anyway, I ended up ordering my salad, plus candied walnuts (candied walnuts make everything better), and it ended up being fabulous! Grilled, well-seasoned chicken breast, asparagus, tomatoes, bleu cheese and candied walnuts, all mixed up with a yummy, unknown dressing make for one very happy Cara. My friend loved her turkey burger as well. We ate outside, and witnessed this woman trying to parallel park - she was the worst. It made for an interesting lunch. I'd definitely go back the next time I'm in the area.We had a bad experience in this place. We waited for the food for almost an hour, and when it finally came my eggs were underdone and my husband's were overdone. All the food was bland and the home fries were awful. The bread and jam provided before the meal and the orange juice and coffee were good. But we will not return.Just like other reviewers in here, I feel that this place was not impressive at all. I ordered the 6 grain pancakes with blueberries and it was not impressive at all. For 3 pancakes that cost about $12.00, I was disappointed. I felt they were too thick and doughy. If they were $6.00 then at least I would've been able to justify it. I don't mind paying high prices for food, but it has to be good and big just mediocre. My friend got the eggs Benedict and that was once again, ok. The bread that they used was like a roll instead of an English muffin or on French bread. It would've been much better if they used a different bread. The service was pretty good but I felt the waitress was rushing us.This is our favorite go-to place to eat in Manayunk. I know, pathetic, with the zillion restaurants on Main Street. However, the food is always delicious and it has something for my picky husband and I'm a vegetarian.  We've only eaten dinner here, but I get a different item every time and it's always scrumptious. I also really like the cozy atmosphere. It's decorated for Christmas right now, and boy I wish I could move in.I enjoy Le Bus overall and love their seasonal menu approach.  However - sometimes their attempts at something new fall flat.  I had the mushroom pappadelle the other night for dinner - and either the mushrooms hadn't been properly cleaned or the dish was ill-conceived because it tasted mostly like dirt.  While i appreciate the earthy flavor mushrooms can bring - it just tasted like dirt.
I adore their butternut squash risotto and can't wait for the Fall for when they bring it back.  The bread baskets are always delicious, and the Brown Rice Nut Salad is great for a summer time dinner.  
Overall a good place, just a little hit or miss at timesjust went there because we were attending the sat 2016 arts fest. ordered a grilled glazed chicken sandwich off of the brunch menu. i got a a grilled glazed chicken sandwich, with hair. not A hair ,but a clump of hair. i couldnt swallow because the hair had reenforced the sandwich. i spit out my mouthful and started raking the hairs from my mouth and the sandwich. the two older ladies across from me witnessed the whole thing as did my wife!! we called staff over and it was taken off the bill ....dont be looking for me in there again ever! today is june 25th 2016 and i am sure hair nets are used in OTHER restaurants!! no stars at all!!!I've been here twice now.  Both times were during brunch, the second time was really crowded.  But we always had good service.
I love the corn bread that they give you.  I eat it up, and my family and I fight over it.  So yummy!
Chili is sort of an inside joke with my family.  I noticed that they had a vegetarian chili that "Should be Award Winning" and so I had to order it (a way long time ago when I was little, my family was traveling and we saw somewhere "The World's Second Best Chili."  We tried and it could have very well been the world's second best chili, but any chili title we will always compare to the world's second best chili). And Winnie's chili was pretty darn good!  Filled with beans and grains and yumminess! Definitely should be award winning!
The next time we went there I chose to get the banana walnut pancakes which were also really good. very fluffy and fresh, definitely better if you want a more "breakfast" like brunch.
I think Winnie's Le Bus has become a favorite of ours when we go to visit my sister, so I plan on going back there again!My husband and I set out for a saturday afternoon stroll and decided to stop at Winnies for lunch. My husband ordered the salmon burger, which he thought was quite delicious. It came with fried chips. The reason for my low rating was that there was a black short curly hair on one of the chips. When I asked the manager to identify it. He said," yes its a hair"  apologized than walked away. We asked for the bill and left. No discount at all on the bill. NEVER going there again.This place has been one of my fav go-to's since way back when Le Bus was really a bus on Penn's campus. Today's visit was especially sweet as I'd met an old friend there & we were seriously interested more in catching up than anything else. Our server was not only patient with waiting almost forever for us to order, but she let us occupy the table for almost 4 hours without ever once reminding us that we were taking up valuable space. We lost all track of time & as the lunch crowd thinned & the happy hour crowd began to trickle in, we sat & enjoyed Le Bus' excellent salmon burgers sweet, sweet potato fries & much chat. On our way out I thanked our server & the hostess for their gracious hospitality & they seemed pleased & even a bit surprised by my appreciation.
That being said, I really do wish they could find a way to serve omelets after 11AM during the week...just sayin'Party of seven and we got a table in less than five minutes.  Wait staff was very attentive (I drink a lot of water and my glass was always full without asking).  They have a reasonable beer and wine selection (as well as tea).  I have read all of the below reviews and am convinced that none of those people ever tried the spanakopita.  Seriously, I have never been to Greece but I have been to Tarpon Springs, FLA and have never ever tasted spanikopta that melts in your mouth - until tonight at Le Bus!!  My dinner companions all seemed quite pleased with their selections.  The pear salad looked amazing (and I am told was super).  They also have more than one vegetarian selection to include making their own veggie burger.  The cookies were yummy too - try the rocky road cookie!  I would go back tomorrow night if I could!!Ho hum.  Nothing bad for a Saturday breakfast.  Just unispired all around.  Uninspired food.  Uninspired service.  
Better off to save 25% and go down the street to the Manayunk  Diner or the Llanarch Diner.@Jesy 6 Winnie's Le Bus only uses fresh, locally purchased produce and ingredients in their menu items. Your server was probably new and didn't know what she was talking aboutGood breakfast spot. Quick and attentive service and complimentary bread and jam. Go and decide for yourself.It's good, but not excellent.  My omelette was very good, but the potatoes were a bit cold (and we were there before the rush).  My sister's Egg's Benedict had a grilled hamburger bun rather than an English Muffin, which she didn't like.  Bloody Mary's are, again, good but not great. Definitely not so bad that I won't go back.  Solid place for brunch and looking forward to trying other meals there also.Okay...so I've been to Winnie's twice now and each time I left slightly disappointed. The first time I went for brunch and paid $8 for an extremely small portion of eggs and potatoes, which were pretty mediocre. Other places I have been for brunch give you a much more generous amount of food for this price, and the quality is normally a bit better. Our waitress also was inattentive and kept forgetting to fill my water up when I asked politely. The second time I went, I ordered the turkey burger and sweet potato fries. The food was much better, but still I felt like I was paying an absurd amount for just a normal serving of food.  I like that they have a lot of "healthy" options, but the salads are almost $20 if you want any kind of protein on them. If you're willing to drop a lot of money, Winnie's might be a good choice for you, but otherwise I would steer clear.I've only been for brunch but the homemade bread and jam is delicious! So is the brown rice salad. Love Winnie's!Great food but absurd prices! I hadn't been in quite sometime but jeez-the salad and coffee (plus appetizer split between my buddy and I) was friggin $32 ! Not really even that much food though it was tasty and the server was good....just too much money to consider going again anytime soon-ridiculous pricing !Crab cake and veggie burger meals were great!! Nice atmosphere and clean.This place is right on Main, and is always packed for brunch. However, I have ate here six times for lunch and dinner and have not had good food. Burgers overcooked, waiting long times for service, menu is just pretty much...not exciting. I waited over an hour for brunch this past weekend, and we just decided to leave after waiting so long. Two weeks ago on a rainy hot day, we sat outside for over 30 minutes during lunch just to get water. I don't understand the love affair with this place, we certainly won't go again. If the food was outstanding and worth the wait, then I would understand. I have yet once to have good food here, the past times we have gone is just out of convenience. I want and have tried to love this place, but it has just been disappointing.Went for dinner and had wine first...great collection of organic wines!!!  Additionally, the menu has some basic items like grilled wings that were not too hot and just right...then a grilled chicken sandwich was perfect while the oriental noodle salad was great and THE SERVICE WAS REALLY PERFECT...
OVERALL JUST PERFECT FOR WHAT IT IS...NOT PRETENTIOUS.Le Bus is always our go-to restaurant for brunch and dinner with our fam and friends. We never have to worry about the food or service - its always impeccable. The raisin bread and cornbread are always fresh and a nice treat when you're hungry waiting for your food to arrive. I've gotten almost everything but my top pick is the juevos rancheros and pancakes. Not to mention their cupcakes and cookies are awesome. Thanks for being consistent.Ate there again today for lunch. I don't know what is happening to this place but the quality of food was disappointing. My fries looked like they had been discarded off someone else's plate. My brownie dessert was ~ weird.
I won' be going back for a while.I thought once I moved out of New York that would be the end of Sunday Brunch but then we went to Winnie's and had the most wonderful brunch- Great service, Food and although it's hella popular, the wait wasn't that bad, they're very efficient in seating people- the wait is really on the people who are sitting at a table of 6 all texting and not working on splitting their bill. 
The multigrain pancakes were really good, as were the specialty mimosas. Our waitress was really nice and totally on her game although it was busy and we had 8 people with several allergies and other restrictions. Really great for a Sunday Brunch!!!Le Bus is my standard favorite for taking people when they want to come to Manayunk.  There is something for everyone on the menu, and no matter what you order its great.  Prices are reasonable for Main Street, and the atmosphere is bold and beautiful with a hint of rustic and sassy.  They're really good with kids, but I love going here with "the girls" for a friends lunch.  Staff is usually good and the bread... how can anyone complain about the bread.  The bread is what won me from the very first visit!  I love this place.   If something is bad, it is a fluke or they are short handed because someone called out sick or something, because their recipes are just yumm.Great service and food! Got the frittata special, a little pricey but after the meal, definitely worth it. Nice outside atmosphere.Best spot for brunch!   Food, Service and Drinks are top notch.  A must for any townie or visitor.  The Hot Mary is my go to!Lovely Tuesday afternoon- horribly dissapointing lunch.  The food was sub par and the service was worse.  We sat outside and I think this means they forgot about us for a while.  The salad was swimming in dressing, the burger was overdone. We had to stalk our waitress to get the check because we were dying to leave and enjoy the sunshine elsewhere. Don't waste your time here- go to Couch Tomato!Excellent and friendly service, cool atmosphere and very clean. A good selection of beers on tap. The Sangria was average. The Mediterranean Mezze app was excellent. You must try it if you stop by. All of the other food I watched come out of the kitchen looked very good and people I was sitting around who ate said that it was. I would def recommend checking this place out. I'll be back to try the full menu.Maybe I would have enjoyed my experience a little more if I didn't sit at the bar/counter which is covered in a disgusting black sticky substance which appears to be years of nasty buildup. The fact that I was afraid to touch the counter coupled with the fact that the bar tender was unbelievably gross kept me wondering if I wasn't drinking from a dirty glass and eating with dirty silverware.  I'll just say it would be beneficial if the woman that was working the counter on the day of my visit was made to complete some food safely training and was reminded that people can see every sloppy move she makes.  Still grossed out.Hot damn those wings were tasty. They could beat me to within an inch of my life when I walk in, as long as I get one of those wings it's 4 stars from me.Currently enjoying a Sierra Nevada Torpedo at the bar. I love this place. Of all the spots on Main St, Le Bus really has a Manayunk decor. It pays homage to the crew races with the "kayak" right over the bar and also has some bike race art work. This place has a very clean, classy appeal but still feels casual. Although its not a bar, and their focus isn't on craft beer, their 6 rotating taps always have something I love. The Sunday brunch here is always a good bet, but I also enjoy coming here for dinner. The nachos here are really good if you're just looking for a tasty snack!I love Manayunk, first time here at Winnie's soaked up some sun an ate outside.  The waitress was nice very attentive. I ordered a burger and fries an it was really good you can definitely tell the difference in the meat of a quality burger.  Worth the money.Usually have awesome experiences here but was pretty unsatisfied this time.  Went in for brunch and was looking forward to a big bowl of veggie chili. When my fiance ordered it, our waiter told us that they weren't serving any soups that day. My fiance looked confused and asked one more time if they really didn't have any chili and our waiter said just oatmeal. I was disappointed but got over it and ordered something else....until I noticed a table that sat down after we did and ordered after us enjoying their chili. Sigh. We then had to wait 20 minutes for ketchup and then almost another 20 for our check.The food was delicious! We got seated quickly and our meal was out in a pretty decent time. The price wasn't too bad. All around worth going to, also located in a very convenient spot for exploring Manayunk!Best huevos rancheros ever. It's the only entree I ever get here and I'm all about trying something new. Yup, it's that good. Also love the mimosa selection. 
The only negative thing I will say is that this place is worth it for brunch only. I did not enjoy dinner here one bit. But you cannot go wrong with brunch. 
It is a little bit on the pricey side especially for a brunch place, but they do give larger portions, so you definitely get your money's worthCute place. Good food. Excellent service. Came here on a Sunday morning/afternoon for brunch and surprisingly, no wait! Right from the beginning, our service was AWESOME! Was very patient when I was trying to strap in my baby, looking at the menu, undecided on what I wanted, etc. My husband was simple and ordered just eggs and sausage. I ordered the fritata. It had tons of veggies ranging from squash to zuchini to mushrooms, onions and more. Then it was topped off with cheese. It was good but wasn't the best. It needed something else, but not sure what.
The 4 stars really comes from the great coffee. Mmm. I really enjoyed the coffee. And again, the service. Our server even brought over toys for my son to play. They def go above and beyond! :-) I do want to come back and check out the dinner menu though.The brunch was delicious.Turkey sausage and French toast were to die for! The crabcake Benedict was well cooked! The home fries were undercooked but that's the only negative part. The atmosphere is pleasant on a Saturday afternoon and the service was decent.This was my first time here so I have nothing to compare. Our server was nice but seemed stressed because he said "we had a rush of business come in today" because of the holiday. The decor was nice as well. We waited a LONG time though. We had our two kids and thank god they were occupied with coloring because their food took awhile despite the waiter putting them in as appetizers. Also, since we were pretty hungry, I ordered a hummus plate to hold us over. That took forever and didn't come with what is said it should (fresh veggies). Our drinks were never refilled or even offered to refill. The food was good but the wait was just too long (especially when there are kids involved!). Probably won't return.Stopped by during the Arts Festival.  It was crazy crowded but still got a great meal.  For the first time EVER I had a server who was less than great.  I understand it was busy but this girl had MEAN face on the entire time we were there.  My thought would be if you can't handle the rush..take the slow shifts.  Try to avoid Holly?  Molly?  but do go and get the Sangria!!!!  YUMOur go-to brunch place on weekends. Love the bread/corn bread they give you. Always a decent price and even though its crowded, they usually manage to seat us pretty quickly.I love this place. The parking situation is abysmal on Main Street in Manayunk, but it's worth parking in one of the lots and trotting over to Le Bus for some good eats. Especially popular at brunch time on Sundays, I advise arriving before 11am. If you get a parking space and arrive before it's too crowded, everything else about this place (especially for brunch) is wonderful. A bright, welcoming atmosphere, this place caters to people of all ages with friendly staff and a nicely-decorated space overall. The service was a little slow, but our waitress was very considerate and kept us filled with baskets of fresh bread galore. Once my food arrived-- the pancakes were fluffy and freshly cooked. I ordered some freshly squeezed orange juice, too, and it was so delicious I had already finished it by the time my food came!! I've come here for dinner and the dinner food is quite good then...but in terms of a brunch place in Manayunk, this is the place to go.For Brunch: I think they have the best Huevos Rancheros, hands down. And yes, I've been to Sabrina's. 
For Lunch: Love their Turkey Club. 
For Dinner: Chicken Soffrito with mashed potatoes, which is seasonal, I think. 
At the Bar: Nachos and Wings!!! 
And I just love me some of Winnie's cornbread. 
I guess since I have been going to Le Bus on and off since high school, (which is about 10+ years), I always receive a warm welcome from Winnie,which always makes me feel good. I'm a sucker for that. So, I will say the service is usually good. Every now and then I'll get a snotty little waitress, but usually they are nice and attentive. 
Winnie's will always be a favorite in my little book.Winnie's brunch is probably one of Manayunk's favorites. The staff are all very friendly. With all the options in Manayunk, I don't believe it's worth the long wait. One time we went and waited over 50 minutes for our food because they forgot to put the order in after we checked in at 20 minutes into the wait. I understand being busy but to not move our order to the front of the tickets after forgetting and having us wait again seems like poor customer service.
It's worth going to if it's not too crazy when you first walk in.Like reviewers before me, I enjoyed the bread basket. Cornbread is always appreciated! I also really liked my pickle juice bloody mary. Sour pickle, lemon and a celery stick for garnish. Sour and savory, I literally just salivated. 
On the other hand, my eggs benedict was super forgettable, and I actually didn't like that it was on a potato bun. Did they run out of English muffins, or is it always like that? The server asked if I'd like avocado and spinach as add-ons, and so I said "Sure, give me everything!" Half an avocado is generous and definitely made the dish better, but the boiled and tasteless hunks of spinach underneath my poached eggs left something to be desired. Not worth it, in my opinion. My friend got the frittata, which he said was a-ok. Our service was good, and overall it was a good experience, but I probably wouldn't return.Solid place for breakfast, good atmosphere, sizable portions in general, bread and toast served to start. Overall, we had a great breakfast experience with tasty food.I am extremely disappointed in my experience at Winnie's this morning and it is 100% due to the manager on duty. I showed up at 10:00 am with a party of 15 after our morning soccer game. We were sat at a table right away (we had some kids in the group so we didn't feel appropriate sitting at the bar) and the waitress came around and took our food and drink orders. Every adult at the table ordered alcohol (at least $8.50 each) and half of the table ordered food, with the expectation that more would order food later. I want to point out that there were several open tables around us and there were lots of open seats at the bar. Immediately after having our order taken, the tall, skinny manager with glasses came over and asked if we were ordering food. He proceeded to tell us that tables are typically reserved for people ordering brunch and reprimanded us for sitting at a table and taking up so much space. First, this is ridiculous. If this is their policy, they should have asked this question BEFORE we were seated (by their staff) and not after our order was taken. Second, half of our party were ordering food and we were spending a fortune on drinks - it would not have been a small bill. Third, the manager then proceeded to tell us that his reason for asking us to move was that "he has a responsibility to his owner." I'm sure his owner won't be happy about the loss of a multi-hundred dollar food and alcohol bill. We, of course, got up and left due to this manager's rudeness and went to the Bayou where we were seated, served and not treated like adolescents. I am disappointed in the treatment we received because I was looking forward to the kiwi mimosas.Le Bus has been a favorite for many years. Being vegetarians, my boyfriend and I have always loved the veggie food options. I'd consider it "wholesome comfort food" like the chili which is delicious and hearty and lots of bread. We've always liked the drink selections as well (rotating drafts and seasonal specialty cocktails like infused vodkas and sangria) While we have our go-tos, we are occasionally surprised with an interesting special or two. Over our past couple visits however, Le Bus has failed to impress. On our last visit, we weren't greeted for at least 5-6 minutes despite several glances from servers and staff. It was not busy in there at all so it's not like someone couldn't have taken a moment to at least say hello. As far as the food goes, it has begun to lack in consistency. Like I said before, we usually order the same thing, knowing what we're going to get when it comes out.. but lately your guess is as good as mine. Portion sizes and presentation have ranged from abundant to (typically) sparing. The flatbreads were so great when they were specials..but now that they're on the menu for good they have gone down hill.... an $11 flatbread that is the size of a hand? I could get an entire pizza from Alex's or better yet a flatbread from Earth Bread and Brewery for less than that. $11 for a hummus plate with maybe 1tbsp of hummus on it? An $0.89 can of chickpeas makes 8oz of hummus at my house. congrats on the profit margin with that one! I know when you go out you're paying for the experience as well as the food, but when the experience is unfriendly and the food lackluster, $50 on two drinks and two appetizers is a little steep. Our last two visits we left sad and hungry and had to go somewhere else (and spend MORE money) for some more food. It pains me that we might need to find ourselves a new "spot."Although nothing special with a limited menu but I suppose stick to what you know because the food is great! Service maybe 3 stars. Ambience: amazing. I love the brick walls and the art in the restaurant it was like being somewhere special although crowded it has a great vibe going on in there.  Fresh squeezed oj and lox Benedict fabulous. My boyfriend had a special bananas foster pancakes great but a bit overly sweet. Definitly will be going back for breakfast but maybe on a weekday instead of a Saturday morning. Ps they used to have a Cuban sandwich on the menu o crave in my dreams hope they put that backArrived for Sunday brunch for 2. It was approximately a 10 minute wait for 2 people.
The good: Waiter was very friendly and attentive. Bread basket (with rye, corn, and raisin breads) were served prior to meals. We had the omelet and French toast which were both very good. The side of potatoes were crispy and delicious. 
The okay: The coffee was decent (but not he best). Some of the food was lukewarm (maybe because of the large crowd and large kitchen turnover). 
However overall a good brunch experience with well done and affordable classic brunch staples.Visited friend in Philadelphia and they took me to this spot. First, Manayunk is a really cool town to check out! 
The food was great! Wait was a bit long but overall is was great. 
Awesome location!We came to Le Bus tonight to enjoy some dinner. It was a beautiful evening and we were able to sit outside and enjoy the night air. We both ordered cocktails, I had a red Sangria in a tall glass. It tasted like it had some type of spice in it... Cinnamon maybe? Good enough, it was an odd flavor but I enjoyed it. We ordered the Fried Calamari as an appetizer. Yum yum! It was nice, light and crispy, flavored well and the marinara was a perfect complement. Definitely my favorite part of the meal here. I had a Prime Burger for dinner. It came with homemade potato chips, the chips were really good! The burger was a little overdone and burnt on the outside. The don't have many options to eat here. Mostly salads, sandwiches and burgers. If you don't want any of these 3 things... Than eat elsewhere.I came here on a mild autumn night for a quick bite & good drink. I received just that: a turkey burger w sweet potato fries and apple cider. The meal was mediocre. Turkey burger was a bit mealy but very flavorful & fries (we ordered a second batch bc the first not crispy enough) The food was what I paid for, $10. The drink EXCELLENT. I am an apple cider fan already but the rum and cinnamon stick did me well on a chilled Friday evening. The crowd was decent (not too many heads) and the place is very neat and clean. 4 thumbs up! ..on another occasion I had the sangria, also pretty goodWent here for Sunday morning brunch with another couple.  Somehow I have managed to live in Philly for over two years and NOT gone to Sunday brunch.  Shame on me.  I have been to Le Bus for dinner before (great food, loved the bread) and brunch was no different.  I got the Eggs Benedict, which I would only get in a place like this.  It was on brioche bread, which made it extra fantastic.  My bloody mary was perfect.  My boyfriend got the omelet with ham and bacon (men love their meat) and the other couple shared banana pancakes, which were great according to them.  
The wait wasn't as long as I was fearing, about 20 minutes.  And we were not rushed out to get another table in, which was nice.  We would definitely return for brunch!They are known for their great bread, which really is excellent.  On a recent Saturday visit, the service was a bit slow, but the food was good. I would not say great, but fine. I had the veggie burger, which was nothing special, but serviceable.  My wife had a salmon burger, which was a bit dry, but tasty.  They do have a little menu for the kids, but my daughter, who is not a huge eater, was still hungry after her chicken tender meal - which only had two tenders and some french fries. The atmosphere is very nice, if a bit loud.I have yet to figure out why this place is always so packed.  I have been there a total of three times, and really only enjoyed it once.  The very first time was late this past winter for lunch with a friend.  I had the special which was a homemade turkey pot pie.  It was pretty delicious.  Since then, it's been a downward slope.
I've only been for lunch or an early dinner, so who knows?  Maybe their brunch is fantastic.  I highly doubt it.  But if it is, they should probably turn some of that focus on the rest of their meals.
Everything there is just mediocre, and there are definitely better places to get lunch on Main Street.  I prefer to go next door to Bella Trattoria, actually.
The one redeeming quality can be found in the bread basket.  They serve this one cinnamon raisin bread that is just irresistible, especially with a light coating of melted butter.  If you can, walk by someone's table outside and try to steal a piece out of their basket.  It'd be easier than sitting through a whole meal there.I came here a couple of weeks ago. Our server (I can't remember his name) was very friendly and sociable. I ended up having a couple of issues with the place, but nothing that should deter anyone from going.
Kinda limited draft choices, but the 5 or so taps are diverse styles.  I opted for a martini and it came with crushed ice.  It was in a martini glass with crushed ice so it was both on the rocks and up, it was odd and I don't know if that's something they do regularly... but it was odd.  
For our first course we ordered the mussels. It took a long time for them to come out.  So much time that our server apologized twice for the time and the manager touched in with our table to apologize as well. Whether it was an issue with the kitchen losing our ticket or the server forgetting, who knows. 
Entrees were delicious and came out in a timely manner. Really good job with the entrees.
They ended up making up for the long ticket time on the appetizer by providing my date and I a free desert. It was 2 stale cupcakes but I still appreciated the gesture. 
Overall a positive experience with a few hiccups that management addressed.I know this place gets awesome reviews so that has brought me in a few times, but I really just dont get it. The decor is really nice but other than that the food is just ok.. The price isnt all that great either.. $12 for so so plain french toast is on the  borderline of rip off.
also doesnt anyone find it slightly unsanitary that they leave an open can of jam on the table all day, what if the table before seated someone with a cold? maybe its just me but i wouldnt touch it.The service is always good and last night it was great. The tuna entree is delicious and is in close competition with the fish tacos. The enchiladas are now a special and I highly recommend them. If a dish has mashed potatoes substitute for rice, the mashed are always a little cold.I went here with my aunt and uncle for lunch while waiting for some more family to get in to Philadelphia.  Cute little restaurant in Manayunk with a good variety of breakfast and lunch food.  I got the hamburger and thought it was good.  It came out hot, juicy and cooked to order.  My aunt got a chicken sandwich and enjoyed it, although, thought had too much bread to it.  My only complaint is that the steak fries that came with the meal seemed to be less than a side dish's worth.  Wait staff was friendly for sure and prices were reasonableThis is my friends and my favorite go to place in Manayunk for brunch, lunch or dinner
9 times out of 10 I get the Brown Nut Salad
Love it!
Turkey burger is really good tooI can not say enough good things about the atmosphere, food, and service at  Winnie's.  Both times I have visited have been for a late weekend lunch and am very happy with my menu selections and their oh so delicious bread.  The corn bread was to die for, the sales are refreshing and delicious.  I want to go back and try more items on the menu! (And update this review)Overall Winnie's is ok, but the service, come on really guys? Came with a party of 8 for breakfast, we are the only table in the restaurant, we all order egg sandwiches and a hour later they come out. Really one hour to cook 8 egg sandwiches? The waitress never commented on the long wait time or offered us any more bread etc. The egg sandwich was good though, nice bread, and the potatoes that came with it were good as well, but overall not worth the wait. Then when the check comes we ask her to split it up (duh 8 non related people sitting at a table are probably going to want split checks) and she moans and says they don't usually do separate checks, then proceeds to take another 20 minutes to split the check up. Work on your customer service Winnie's and maybe we'll come back.This place puzzles me because it always seems pretty crowded so my expectations were high.I had the vegetarian chili and it didn't really impress me and everyone brags about the bread basket and I thought it was average at best. Prices on the menu were on the high side too service was slow but that was expected because they were very busy I have eaten at every restaurant on Main st in Manayunk and this would be in my bottom 3 with Chabaa,Derek's and Lucky's in my top 3Generous portions but the flavor wasn't anything cravable. Popular spot, though unlikely that I would come back.Met a friend here for a weekday lunch. Food was great. Service was good! I didn't feel rushed and we definitely lingered over our food. Would definitely like to return! 
I had the classic french toast, and my friend had a veggie bennie. Both came with large portions and were very tasty!Winnie is my favorite brunch spot in manayunk! The menu is small but it has everything you need! The bread is the best!!! You can also get some to go which I highly recommend! 
Service: 7 - even at busy time it was fast 
Price: 8 reasonable 
Size: medium, has outdoor seating 
Atmosphere: 7 (can be a little loud)Basic main street little bistro.  Decent food.  Good breads.  Definitely more of a brunch location.To anyone who loves hash browns i.e. pan-fried, shredded potatoes--the hash browns on this menu are merely chunked, roasted potatoes (and dry ones at that); the grits you're offered as an alternative are heavenly, so choose wisely!
I've had some amazing brunches here, and their Restaurant Week menu never disappoints. Drink menu is short and sweet. I would not recommend stopping by if you're in a rush, particularly for breakfast/brunch. At my last visit, we spent more than an hour waiting for our food to arrive and nearly as long trying to flag down someone for the check (it was a busy morning).Came here for dinner on a Saturday night and was pretty disappointed, as I've known that brunch at this place used to be amazing. The waitress, though friendly, didn't know anything on the menu and couldn't answer any of our questions. We asked if they could prepare the calamari just sauted, without the breading, and the manager came over with some serious attitude. What happened to being customer friendly? Especially for a place that claims to be healthy on their website, I would think they'd be happy to accommodate a customer who's trying to be healthy. She finally agreed to sauted the calamari, but when we got it, there was a piece of plastic in it. The rest of the meal was underwhelming and overpriced. Bring back Winnie's from back in the day...not sure what's going on w it, but I won't be coming back.raisin bread that was superb.. accompanied by butter and orange marmalade.. yummm
I ordered a ceasar salad.. yes yes I know.. not hard to mess up but I Was caught up between the pancakes and the veggie burger so I went with something totally different....
the salad had the perfect dressing to lettuce ratio.. the croutons were fresh made.. which is a + .. and the lettuce was nice and crisp... 
we randomly stumbled upon this place.. after I biked to east falls and my friend drove to manayunk because all the bars in east falls near her were closed @ 1 in the afternoon on a sunday ! hahaha..
and they have plenty of veggie friendly options on the menu which makes me happy to have a plethora of things to choose from instead of just 1 or 2... 
all in all I'll be back.. for something not so easy to get right.,.. I just have a thing for that bread..niceeeeeeeeeBreakfast, drinks, and more breakfast!!!! This is how I remember Le Bus.
This place is a wonderful gem.  I love the decor of this restaurant, especially the bar area.  I am so glad my friends and I decided to give this place a try.  The first time I came here, the wait time was less then 5 minutes.  It appeared to be our waiter's first time serving. He forgot to give us forks and such, but all was forgiven when our food arrived.
I ordered the french toast and WOW!!!!  The toast had the perfect amount of  cinnamon and was nice and moist inside.  They also give you a basket filled with amazing breads! The cornbread is so yummy.  You must try it with the fruit preservatives that are on the table.
Now for the best part, Le Bus was were I learned that drinking in the morning was perfectly fine.  This is the one place someone can find me having a drink (maybe the homemade lemonade with Jack Daniels) while having a delicious breakfast.  Skip the coffee and try one of the many creative and seasonal drinks they offer.
Can't wait to come back!I'm giving my experience 5 stars only for the fact there was a seat at the bar for me and my friend for brunch right when we got there. After reading the reviews about long waits I was sceptical. The line to get a table was out the door! The pickle bloodys were tasty and the crab cake eggs benedict was delicious. I probably wouldn't come here with a big party. Perfect for brunch date!So I would give 3.5 stars to this place so, to give Le Bus the benefit I will give this meal a 4 star review.  Visiting friends who just moved to this area, they bought my bf and I here for a late lunch, as we missed the brunch menu.  The service was prompt and cheery.  I ordered the something or other Colorado salad with avocado.  It was delicious, fresh and was not huge but, perfectly sized.  The free bread basket was filled with a variety of breads to try and they waitress refilled it happily.
This place had a cute decorum with lots of light and space.  Again, we came later in the afternoon so the place was pretty empty and not quite dinner crowd. They seemed to have a pretty good craft beer list on draught and overall I probably wouldn't come here again since there are so many other places to try in this awesome foodie place, people like to call Philadelphia (and outlying areas) but, still enjoyed this place enough to say if you are on Main Street in this cute little neighborhood most definitely stop in and try for yourself.I've been here a few times since living in manayunk and have always had a mediocre experience. 
Pros: One thing I really like about Winnie's is that they have a variety of healthier menu options (gluten-free, wheat buns, etc) and are very accommodating with substitutions. I choose to come here for dinner when I am dieting or with someone who has food restrictions for this reason. I also like their outdoor seating area for the warmer months, it's situated in a prime people-watching location on main street. Lastly, their bread basket served before dinner is delicious and includes a variety if breads including corn bread(my fave). 
Cons: Their menu doesn't have a big selection and is not so good for people who do not tend to eat healthy. They have a good happy hour every day but only offer it at the very small inside bar. Their breakfast/brunch is not the best, there are many other places to go in manayunk. Finally, I think everything n their menu is a little overpriced. Neither the quality of food or ambiance of the restaurant are upscale, yet all their entrees are priced this way and their beers are too pricey for the size glass they are served in.Gross is the first word that comes to mind when I think about this place. I've eaten here twice now and each time gets worst. I had the blackened Colorado chicken sandwich. What's a Colorado? Is that where the sandwich originated? If it did they should send it back. GROSS dry chicken with 2 pieces of dry bacon, mmmmm. Not. Not to mention it came with soggy fries that looked like they got them at the acme in the frozen food aisle. I was sitting at the bar and I could hear all the commotion in the kitchen, I could also see the waiter in the back putting the lettuce on the plate with his bare hands and taking it out and coming back and doing it again. Also there was some weird ugly lesbian looking lady walking around real fast yelling at people. Idk if she was a manager or what but it was very unprofessional. This place is a horrible restaurant and idk how they stay in business other than it's the only DINER in the area, but I've had WAY better food at real diners.Consistently one of the best restaurants on Main Street. We go here all the time and never have had a bad meal.Le Bus may be the restaurant that I miss the most since i left Manayunk. Always enjoyed weekend brunch (get there early, it gets packed) and weeknight dinners.I used to really like Le Bus for brunch, as they offer a solid selection of both breakfast and lunch items, drinks, and best of all: homemade breads and jams!  This weekend, I ordered a special: Ahi Tuna Burger.  It sounded so good, with lettuce, tomato, shallots, honey mustard, and some other things I can't remember... all on a homemade whole wheat Le Bus bun.  The server was a doll and asked if I wanted it rare or medium rare (rare is the only way I like ahi tuna).
Out comes the burger... it is fully cooked and actually resembled a turkey burger.  The server was a little skeptical that it wasn't a turkey burger and checked with the kitchen - yup it's the tuna burger.  I could tell she was surprised as well.  The manager came out to check up on me 3/4 of the way through our meal and offered a different dish.  No thanks.  I ate my cooked tuna burger - while it tasted fine, it wasn't what was represented on the menu - and he didn't even discount our bill.  
Le Bus, you let me down this time.  I'll still probably return for your cornbread but I'll be sure to stick to the tried & true menu items!Not crowded casual dinning with beer and wine selection. Always a great selection of local and fresh foods.A nice gem in manayunk. Very relaxed and casual also pretty affordable. Great menu selection with quite a bit to choose from. My only wish is that the crab cake was a bit bigger maybe comparable to the size of the muffin it sat on. Our server was the cutest she reminded me of Velma from scooby doo! She's so cute!!!!! And the mimosas options are plentiful and unique. Just go...Excellent!!!! Emily was a LADY of a waitress. Food was top notch. Service was better. 5 stars.I'd love to give this 5 stars but it's too inconsistent in quality and service. We've had great salads here (particularly the arugula with quinoa) and pancakes rock. However, French Toast was dry because chef didn't soak the bread long enough. WORST omelettes we've ever eaten. Instead of light and fluffy in the classic French style, they were dry like fried eggs. Chef: you are supposed to mix cream (or milk) with eggs to make an omelette. Otherwise, it's like fried eggs...just FYI...
Would be nice if they had a fruit plate as a standard on the menu or something vegan or gluten free other than oatmeal (which isn't guaranteed GF). Dined with vegan friends who had no option other than fruit.
Service is hit or miss depending on how late your server was out partying and how much sleep they got...
Potential for greatness but just doesn't deliver...Loved the location for a date night with hubby, we walked right up on a Saturday night and got prime seating outside. The food was good. Though the bread basket was not too good.  The cornbread was a bit stale and the other two pieces of pumpernickle seemed like an afterthought.  My salad was ok, pretty average and hubby said the salmon burger didn't taste like it was freshly made. read: pre-packaged and reheated. 
All in all, it was an ok night with ok food.  Nothing to write home about but we would go back.Cool al fresca dining location on Main Street of Manayunk.
Saturday morning brunch is great at this place with the streets on Manayunk full of engery on the Spring/Summer weekend.
The food was good enough but nothing that amazed me from what we got. Will like to go again to try more of their menu.I had brunch once at winnies and it was decent, which prompted my friend and I to return..However, after my most recent experience, I will not come back to Winnies.
My friend and I went to Winnies for restaurant week last night. The fixed menu selection was decent and they were open to providing my friend with a different type of salad as an appetizer (which was very nice because often times restaurants are not willing to change their menu during restaurant week). The restaurant was NOT crowded. There were about 4-5 other tables when we were sat. We waited a  long time (10-15 minutes) for bread and our soup and salad. Then we waited even LONGER (I'd say approx 30-40 minutes) for our dinner. When the dinner arrived, my order was incorrect. The server was very nice and put in the correct order..but it was super annoying to have to wait even longer for my dinner. My friend's order was correct, however it was seriously HORRIBLE. VERY AWFUL. It was COLD and super dry chicken. I didn't even realize it was possible to screw up chicken that bad. The waitress offered to reheat the food in the microwave-pass..we didn't want to dry it out even more! 
My entree came out and it was pretty decent (I got veggie enchiladas). 
The server was friendly. However, when the bill came it was over $100. We both had 2 drinks (3 beers and one mixed drink)...but seriously...It was restaurant week so each of the fixed meals were $20.00..The restaurant made us wait a very long time, got our food order incorrect, and the food was cold and disgusting....I'm not one to complain but it was seriously so so bad and the restaurant did nothing to acknowledge their mistakes and failure to provide good food. I will not go back.One of my least desirable places in Manayunk. Very overpriced. Food is very underwhelming and the service is terrible. The staff are very friendly so it appeases the continuously disappointing experiences. This is always a last resort.Came here for a Sunday brunch and was immediately drawn to the scenery of the place. Beautiful bar that centered the restaurant while bartenders were serving bloody marys and mimosas. Did not imbibe that morning but the drinks looked great. Ordered the avocado toast that was  beautifully presented with poached eggs (pricey...14). My wife's omlette was full of toppings and came with a side of breakfast potatoes. My egg sandwich was lacking despite the nice local ciabatta bread of a kick or sauce or something! I would not get that again, but the overall experience has me wanting more next time.Manayunk is a great area for shopping and eating and Winnie's did not disappoint! This spot had great service, delicious drinks, and I had the best dinner! My friends and I shared the large Sangria, which we really enjoyed. There was enough for about 3 drinks. I was so happy with my dinner choice. I ordered the vegetable gratin, which is a large skillet filled with various vegetables and cheese on top! I ordered sweet potato fries on the side since I didn't think the veggies would be filling but the meal was very big! Overall, Winnie's is a casual dinner spot with great food and drinks!Simple menu for everyone, nachos, wings, fish tacos, meatloaf etc... What's not to like. Service on the other hand, abysmal. Nothing more than the obligatory, drink order, food order, food service, maybe check within 30 ... despite the fact there are only three tables but four waiters. Sigh. This is strictly good for takeout.Went to Winnie's for the first time over the weekend, and I must say that the food was to die for. I can't believe I waited so long to visit this place! The waitress was very friendly and explained the menu items and specials very well. I was instantly convinced to get the crab cake benedict and it was amazing. The only disappointment was that the specials were kinda pricy for a "Special". This is definitely a place I'll come back to in the future, especially with those delicious Bloody Mary's!!Went for lunch a few days ago. I love how sunny and bright it is inside. Our waitress was excellent and patient with us during our business lunch. I got a salad with salmon and portobello mushrooms. There were generous helpings of both add one however it made my green salad a bit pricey.Went with a few friends while visiting in Philly....Saturday brunch was delicious. Huevos Rancheros ( made with egg whites at my request) were amazing. Eggs were perfectly cooked. Friends loved their food too! Sat very quickly in a packed restaurant (we were 5). Only complaints-The madras mimosa could have been colder.This is a solid restaurant on Main Street Manayunk. It's has a great bar with a good selection (which is often forgotten about as Main St is home to many bars).  I've been her several times and have always experienced solid service.  It's has a solid menu with a variety of options and the food is pretty tasty.  They are always full which is a good sign that it's worth checking out.  For all the college folk in the neighborhood its also a good acceptable place to take parents when visiting. Vibe is casual but you still get a solid dine out experience.I drive 40 minutes to come here for breakfast! The menu offers a lot to choose from, but I will ALWAYS get their 6-grain pancakes.....you won't find better pancakes anywhere on Earth! And their coffee & complimentary bread is fantastic!I'd been to Le Bus 6 years ago and remembered their excellent brown rice nut salad, so I ordered it again. It was a few days before my niece's birthday, so she and I had a glass of white wine. My sister, niece and I ordered the brown rice nut salad again, along with an order of the sweet potato fries. Our friendly and expensively educated waiter (Penn Charter and Williams) was great. He asked if I wanted shrimp or chicken on the salad and I chose the chicken and requested that it be sauteed. No problem. After filling up on the ample helpings we asked for the bill. I was stupefied that they charged FIFTEEN dollars for the little chicken topping!!! I didn't say anything, but they really should have told me how much it was going to add to the bill. I would have passed and asked for another glass of wine instead. Great location, attractive crowd and good food but horribly expensive chicken add-ons!I got the traditional Bennie, with a poached egg, home fries, english muffin, and a slice of meat. I thought it was good! We also tried the breakfast burrito which had lots of flavIts a nice restaurant to go to on main street. There is not a lot of variety with the menu but it is a good place to go out with friends. Corn bread and another type of bread with nuts and raisins came out with a side of jam- this was the best part of the meal!Really cute spot. Loved the atmosphere. They had a bunch of great beers on draft and their wings were finger-licking good. 
Their fish tacos were huge and had a nice size piece of fish on both two tacos. I ended up bringing the second one home because I was so full.Two words. Family Friendly!! They are always welcoming and thoughtful of our children. Today the waitress brought us a little bowl of goldfish crackers for our daughter to snack on while we waited for breakfast. Awesome!!Wonderful food and service! We came in on the Sunday after St. Patrick's day and it was incredibly busy. The service was friendly and professional and the food delicious! Would absolutely recommend and return to Winnie's!I came here for brunch on a Sunday morning with a fairly large party. It took 15-20 minutes to seat all of us, but the staff we're extremely accommodating and friendly as they served all of us. 
I had the Huevos Rancheros along with a side stack of chocolate chip pancakes. The Huevos Rancheros were the best I've had, as they were prepared over two fried tortillas topped with eggs, sour cream, fresh salsa, and guacamole. The pancakes were fluffy and tasty. Others had positive things to say about the Mimosas.
Overall, we had a great brunch experience with tasty food and excellent and accommodating service.I'm going to start with the good things about this place. Went there around 10 on a Sunday, were seated promptly and food came out very quickly with friendly service. My Bloody Mary was absolutely delicious, As were their sausages and bacon. 
now for the negative: When my eggs Benedict with spinach came out they were overwhelmingly "meh". There was absolutely no flavor to the hollandaise sauce or eggs themselves actually. they just tasted like the mushy bread the eggs were on top of. The eggs came with  a side of potatoes which were pretty good not amazing but good enough, And a "side" of fruit which consisted of a tiny thin slice of cantaloupe and a piece of pineapple. The pancakes my boyfriend got were good but very average.
 I am sure they must have good things on the menu as they are usually busy and it has a pleasant atmosphere. Maybe it was just an off day... But I'm not sure I'll be back any time soonI went there for  brunch this morning and the wait was long. I wanted to have a look at the menu while waiting. As soon as I grabbed the menu, the host (red hair, bit chubby, was wearing olive shirt) gave me an ugly look and snatched the menu off my hands. Didn't bother to explain why I can't look at the menu or to whether she needed it. People around me were even surprised to see that behavior. She didn't say a word to me afterward, which I found to be very rude and offensive. 
The food there is great and I used to go there every now and then, but today's incident was so disrespectful towards me that I don't think I would go back there again.Love this place! The sangria is so tasty. I have ordered the stir fry and sundried tomato shrimp pasta and thought they were delicious. Excellent wait staff as well!I've been to Winnie's for brunch a few times. It's always packed! But, the food it's worth the wait. You get a pretty big portion of food and the mimosas are delicious :-). The staff is very friendly and accommodating even on a super busy day.I've been going to Winnie's Le Bus since it was simply "Le Bus" so I have a sort of loyalty towards it. 
Pros:
*Cozy atmosphere, my dad loves coming here because it reminds him of the pubs back home in England
*Quick to seat you (I've never had to wait longer than 5 minutes) but they don't rush you out of the door so I'm not sure how they do such a quick turn around!
*Never been disappointed with their menu
*Excellent bread
Cons:
*My friend said that the past few times she's been there the servers were reluctant to serve you. I definetly noticed that with our server when we went for brunch. Every other time the service has been up to par. Nothing outstanding but nothing to get upset or annoyed about.
To order:
Brunch: Huevos Rancheros or Banana-Walnut pancakes
Any other time: Nachos, Hummus are always a good bet. I have weird eating habbits and eat small meals so I don't usually order the large items. 
Overall, not a bad place when you are looking for something quick, intimate and fun.I really have to admit, Winnie's Le Bus is a must visit on Main Street. Upon walking in, you can just tell this is someplace different. Every inch of this place is warm and welcoming. The servers are always smiling and the managers or owner is always walking around making sure everything is just perfect. The food is amazing, from the teriyaki wings to meat loaf (spectacular) or crab cakes, everything is delicious. Beer selection is great as well. Very cozy atmosphere, great for a date, or for a large party. I've been there for brunch once, everything was perfect. I've been there for dinner and drinks many times and will continue to go back. One of my favorites, and the best of Main Street.Tried Winnie's for Sunday Brunch and was very impressed. Be prepared to wait though (Try and get there early if possible). Food was outstanding. I tired the French Toast and my GF had the Eggs Benedict, both were very good. Drinks were also top notch. I had the bacon-infused vodka Bloody Mary, which was delicious (and had a nice bite too). Bread basket was a nice touch too. Be prepared to open your wallet though, because it is a bit pricey....An all time favorite for 24 years now!  I love this place and always will.  The meals and service are both nothing less then perfect.  A must try meal is mom's meatloaf and the delicious turkey burger!   The Sunday breakfast brunch is not to be missed either.  Hats off to chef John O'brian,  you do great work in your kitchen.The wings are delicious as well as the sangria can't wait to go back with my girls for happy hour 5 to 7... loved the atmosphere!!!I went here with my bf to grab a nice outdoor lunch. They have 2 entrances and there was a bike event going on. We went in the one door and the host kept looking at us and walking away. So we went into the other door and I get his attention and he says sorry I thought u were a part of the bike crowd. We weren't in bike clothing like all the other bikers were. So he seats us outside and we are waiting 15 minutes without any acknowledgement from a server. We walked away. So disappointed because I've heard great things and was looking forward to trying their food. Unfortunately experiences like this is enough to turn people off from giving them a second chanceI really, really liked this place.  We went for dinner on a Saturday night.  The bread basket was great.  There were four of us - we ordered 4 different things and we all left full and happy.  
I got the caesar salad and the tilapia.  The fish was delicious!  I was actually really disappointed to have forgotten my leftovers at my boyfriend's apartment and made him promise to eat them during the week! He got the jambalaya, my friend got the asian noodles, both good, and my other friend got the meatloaf I think, which I was too full to try.  I can't wait to go back here.My husband and i have been to Le Bus twice, and both experiences were just OK.
The first time, we came with his parents for dinner.  Service was great - we were seated promptly, the waitress was knowledgeable, and the food was brought out in good time.  However, the food itself left a bit to be desired.  I had some sort of salad with steak.  The salad greens were fresh, but the steak was overcooked and underseasoned.
The second time, we came for lunch, and I had what was basically eggs with salsa and hot tea.  My husband had the banana-walnut pancakes, and an orange juice. The eggs were OK, though they weren't as good as the menu had made them sound.  Really, they were just eggs with salsa.  My husband's pancakes were good, if a little heavy, but everything left a bad taste in our mouths when we realized that we had spent over $40 (including tip) on brunch.
The food isn't bad, but it's too expensive to be worth your while.  We won't be back.I have lived in Manayunk for 7 years and have been to Winnie's many times and I used to love this place. This year they must have hired/ undergone new management because service and quality have been lacking. Previous visit I was told a table would be ready in 15 minutes. 40 minutes later, our table was still not ready and would take another 15 minutes. 20 minutes later we were tired of waiting and left to eat elsewhere. Today, it took an hour and 40 minutes to get our food with the appetizer coming out the same time as the entrees. Also our server was very slow and forgot some of our drinks along with water for our dogs. Needless to say we will be considering other brunch places before Winnie's.Always just ok. Good salads, good sandwiches,. Stay away from the entrees. Service is up and down. Good bread and baked goods. Used to be Le Bus but still is very good. 20 plus times eating here and something always goes wrong. Last time it was a server who left in the middle of waiting on me and handed me off to someone else. It was bizarre as she waved goodbye without a word. It was confusing. The value is fine. The restaurant is getting a little dated looking. Coffee is always good.I only been for breakfast but it's great. Delicious food, raising bread is the best ever! Nice decor and good customer service. Drawbacks: on the expensive side, very popular so make sure u call first.My husband and I have been here for both brunch and dinner. We had very positive experiences both times!
--Their brunch specials are decadent but totally worth it.
--The kale salad makes you feel great about eating out
--The brown rice and nut salad is filling, nourishing, and delicious
--Great place to bring out of town guests of all ages and dietary habitsI got the traditional Bennie, with a poached egg, home fries, english muffin, and a slice of meat. I thought it was good! We also tried the breakfast burrito which had lots of flavor. Its a nice restaurant to go to on main street. There is not a lot of variety with the menu but it is a good place to go out with friends. Corn bread and another type of bread with nuts and raisins came out with a side of jam- this was the best part of the meal!Food came out 1.5 hour late. Lost our ticket. Will update with how the food taste cause we didn't get it yet.I used to love to eat at this cafe or just pick up some fresh bread but I stopped in this week and wasnt impressed.  I ordered the ahi Tuna and a glass of wine.  My Sauvignon Blanc was nothing to get excited over and my fish was dry and laking anything exciting.  I like that you can sit outside at this place, but thats not hard to come by on Main Street Manayunk.  
There is too much competition on Main Steet to get by with sub-par food and service.  I was only eating with one other person and the server couldnt keep straight who got what...his plate came out with my broccoli and mine with his side.
I have to be fair and add that I have been here many times and ordered sandwhiches and really enjoyed them so I gave them an extra star for that.  Dont know that I'll return for dinner anytime soon.  Good to note though that their bread is fantastic and the foccacia that you can get at the Rittenhouse location is really tasty .This place is awesome. Everything from the food to the decor to service. The honey chipotle wings were very very good. I had the stuffed pork chop as my entree and my date had the lobster Mac. My dish was basically thanksgiving on a plate. It was very delicious. The lobster Mac could have used a little more lobster, but it was still delightful. The only knock I would give on Winnie's is that out server didn't know much about the food. She said that there was a few new items but she didn't taste them. All in all, a great experience and I'll definitely be back.Four of us went for Sunday Brunch about 10:30 am. We were seated right away and we all enjoyed our meal- 3 orders of various kinds of pancakes and an omelet. It was reasonably priced and we will all go again. 
Another time we had the rice salad and it was divine.A Manayunk brunch staple. Food is consistently good and serves all the classic brunch essentials. While they do offer lunch/dinner, it is best for breakfast and brunch.Stopped in here with two girlfriends on a Sunday morning for brunch, and was seated right away inside. What an adorable, sunny place right on Main St! We ordered (cute) cocktails-the man mosa and their special, the tropical mimosa (think pineapple juice), the huevos rancheros, omelette, and a frittata (made with egg whites). One of my friends who's a returner is obsessed with their bacon and told us we had to get it, so we got side orders of that as well.
Food took about 25 minutes to arrive, but we got a bread basket full of delightful raisin bread and corn bread with some jam that looked homemade while we waited. I'll be honest that my huevos rancheros was not my favorite-it was big with way too much sour cream, no beans, just nothing fancy-but the bacon was on point! And at ~$23 a person, it's a pretty good deal as well!
Cute enough that I'd bring people back and try something new!*went here for Saturday dinner* fried pickles were good and the chicken sandwich was pretty good. The salmon burger was bland and the fries/chips were underwhelming. Inconsistent quality throughout the menu. Great serviceFood is good, but nothing inspired, just run of the mill things with some great bread served before them.  I go for the bread and the jam, not the $12 club sandwich with chips.  I feel like they are pricing themselves out for what they offer, but what they offer is solid food just not for me.Le Bus continues to disappoint. 
Background:  I work on Main St. & my office holds an account w/ Le Bus. I've eaten here occasionally when I can take a long lunch or at night when I'm working late.
What to expect:  Great bread & slow service - no matter what day of the week, or time of day, both are constants.  My takeout has also often had mistakes.
Atmosphere:  Sidewalk dining and indoor seating are both cramped.  If you sit outside watch out for people who run the curb while parallel parking.  If you sit inside noise bounces off the rafters, rock walls and hardwood floors from every angle.  This place is a staple hangout for young parents with kids - so expect to hear occasional screaming (of both parents & kids).
Food:  Some dishes are worth the trouble - the brown rice nut salad with thai peanut dressing is refreshing in the summer and served with tons of hummus and pita bread.  The enchiladas are not authentic, but are home made and fresh.  Skip the veggie burger, it contains a lot of rice, lacks protein and the sweet potato fries that come on the side are often soggy.
Price:  Way too high.The bread is good. Duh. But the dinner menu was totally scattered and the prices were too high for what they were offering. $8.75 for calamari, but $9.75 for vegetarian nachos? Do you want hummus? Mussels? Tilapia? Meatloaf? Thai Turkey Salad? (What??)
My boyfriend and I shared the special appetizer ("homemade" chicken taquitos which were tasteless) and the Blue Colorado salad, which was the most redeeming part of the meal. It had asparagus, grilled corn and bleu cheese-- honestly delicious. They even split it on two plates for us...and then charged us $1.25. 
Whatever. Skip the restaurant- I'd rather just eat the bread, which I can get in my own neighborhood at the little Le Bus shop on 18th and Walnut. These are the rolls that are worth your daily carb allowance, trust me.Winnie's is a great brunch or lunch spot.  It's quaint and charming and the outdoor seating on bustling Main Street is great on warm sunny days.  As for the food, I have never had something that I did not like here.  The omelets for breakfast are the best I've ever had, and the Crab Cake Sandwiches are my go-to on the menu when I am ordering lunch.  The waiters are always super friendly and it's super clean!  Which is a must for me.  My only complaint is that I wish they had a tad larger menu.  Otherwise, great spot!  Must try if you're in the Manayunk area.Best brunch in Manayunk! Great atmosphere with many decorations of rowing and such. They bring you two different kinds of bread with butter and the bread is freshly baked and still warm. Can't wait to go backI came here for a birthday dinner.  I feel as if this place is like a diner, but dressier.  The dress can be casual to urban chic, whatever you prefer.  
The prices are normal, about 8-9 bucks a sandwich, 13-17 an entree.  I got the jumbalaya and I thought it was pretty good.  It wasn't spicy at all to me, so don't be worried about that.  
They have the normal Philadelphia beers on tap, Yuengling, Yards, and of course the fav for collegiate chicks, Blue Moon.Went here today for brunch and sat at the bar. I had the brown rice nut salad - it was really good but I wish there was more salad and less hummus! And my boyfriend had the bbq pork Benedict special which was really good. The man at the bar next to us was super drunk and fell asleep sitting up which was weird but overall it was a good meal and we will go back!Went there last night for dinner. As a starter I ordered nachos. Probably the worst nachos I've ever had. Not enough black beans, and totally lacking mexican spices. Very bland to say the least. My entree was jambalaya, which was rather good. Generous portions of sausage and shrimp and very tasty. The service as excellent.I would love to give Winnie's 5 stars for the food and the service.  It is Summer and beautiful out right now, but was with elderly parents so we had lunch inside for their comfort.  We were bombarded with flies the whole meal that we didn't get to enjoy the experience as we probably should have. I spoke to the waitress who said that's just the way it is, so I asked for the manager. He was very polite, apologized and said they were working on it. While they are working on it, there are plenty of other restaurants to dine at fly free. Best wishes!Le bus is a great restaurant and we love it here! The food is fabulous. We love the homemade  veggie burger and the hummus. My wife loves the shrimp tacos. Everything is delicious! Can't wait to go back!I've had great meals at this restaurant over the years, and they are a dependable fixture on Main Street, but I have to say that, after last weekend, my family and I are going to find someplace else to have brunch.
My son ordered the "adult" portion of french toast from the menu, and what showed up was literally two pieces of french toast bread on a plate with a little pineapple garnish.  FOR $13!!!!  Initially, we thought that maybe the waiter had messed up the order and given my son a "child" portion instead of the "adult" portion, but no--that's what Winnie's is selling as the adult portion of french toast.
Likewise, my wife ordered a salmon burger for more than $14, and what showed up was indeed a salmon burger, but nothing special at all about it--just lettuce and tomato, a bun and a huge pile of potato chips (which she doesn't eat).
My smoked salmon "platter" likewise had about 3 or 4 small pieces of smoked salmon on it, for $14.
So the bottom line is that we all ordered some pretty expensive items off the menu and got ridiculously small portions in return.  I understand that the restaurant business is difficult and rents are expensive in Manayunk, but sheesh, do they really think that their customers don't notice what's going on?  I'm fine with paying $13, 14 or more for a nice brunch plate in a great restaurant in Manayunk, but I don't want to feel like my pocket is being picked when I order.
What's most disappointing about this is that Winnie's was not run this way even just a few years ago.  You could go there on any given weekend morning and get a huge plate of well-prepared food.  The restaurant is not the cheapest place in Manayunk, but that's not what it was known for.  Now it seems like it's just trying to cut back on portions to boost profits, and that's the sign that we need to find a new place to eat.Me and my co-workers went to Le Bus for our holiday lunch. I've always loved their bread and I was excited to try out the restuarant.  
We arrived right before lunch so we beat the crowd. It was a weekday so this place did get a bit packed. Even so, it wasn't loud or annoying to be in the atmosphere and still very nice. 
They have a really great selection of beers (that I could only read about and not drink since I was technically on the clock). The menu is an assortment of sandwiches, burgers, and salads featuring their delicious bread. I got the turkey burger that had onions and peppers in the actual burger on a delicious roll with sweet potato fries on the side. My co-workers got the turkey melt that came on a little TOO much bread, but it was still delicious looking (I snuck a piece of the bread that had rosemary on the top...yum!). 
Service was on point and just right. Our server came at the right times and no mistakes were made, so no complaints.
I wish it wasn't all the way in Manayunk because I would for sure come back more often if it was closer to my house!With businesses coming and going perpetually in Manayunk, Winnie's is one of those dependable generally delicious spots I feel like I am confident will be around for years to come. I am almost too afraid to get attached to a new spot down on Main Street for I fear it will close up by the time next summer rolls around :/, which is why I feel like I can let myself feel a little love for Winnie's. 
First of all there's usually not a horribly long wait, as its a large place with a ton of seating, indoor and out and at the bar which is nice for variety. I have also been for brunch and lunch, both of which there are some pretty tasty options. It's standard casual American fare, nothing fancy or game changing, but thats also what makes me come back. Its a classic and it won't go out of style...ever. So when in doubt I find myself ending up here to satiate my hunger and thirst. They have a decent draft list and some good cocktail specials, also a super family friendly place which is nice to find on Main Street.
They are known for their bread, so I can tell you that if you order a sandwich it will most likely be really good. I get a turkey club sans mayo thank you very much or if I am here for brunch the yogurt and granola is pretty great. Long live Winnie's!Best sangria in town! Their bread basket is also good, offering a variety of bread. I have been here numerous times and am very pleased with the service, food, and drinks. Nice laid back environment too.I went here for breakfast on a random Tuesday and it was so delicious. I ordered the egg breakfast sandwich with asparagus and spinach on homemade bread and hash browns. It was very delicious and flavorful. My friend got an omelette and enjoyed it. I loved how they brought out a basket of homemade bread do is to eat while we waited for our food. 
I went here for dinner a few weeks ago and had the veggie burger. It was good but nothing super special and my friend had the brown but salad and enjoyed it. It's a cute little place with quality fresh food and bread.Fresh food. Great spot for breakfast and lunch. Our go to for a breakfast with friends. Family oriented. Outdoor seating with heaters in the cooler months.  Great coffee and service.I've eaten here twice and both times happy!  The bar staff is super friendly, and I really love their hummus platter and the brown rice nut salad dish.  Very fresh, yummy, and unique combo of ingredients.  Loved it!  Lots of healthy options on the menu which is a big plus!I live in Manayunk and after eating at Winnie's several times I've come to the conclusion that it's OVER-RATED.  Definitely one of the better places to dine on Main St, but there's more to Manayunk than Main St!  Food & drinks are good, a bit pricey.  The free bread is a nice treat.  Dine here if you must, it's a good time once in a blue moon.  My advice: EXPLORE other areas of Manayunk & Roxborough, you will find better!Dined here with a good friend on Sunday 8/27 for brunch.  Waited 10 minutes for a table of 2. Seating was very close . I had the berry mimosa & the mushroom omelet (caramelized onions & Swiss cheese) which I added avocado. The wait for the food was longer than expected our drinks came without straws and when asked for them the waitress returned with them bare in her hand. My omelet was delivered without the avocado. I was half way finished eating eat when the waitress brought it to the table. My friend and I also shared the berry French toast which was a special of the day. It was ok, not hot when brought to the table. I ate one piece and was done. Our waitress was pleasant but she rushed us through our meal. I will give it another try in the future, only because my friend frequents there often and she stated our experience was not the norm. Love the variety of options on the menu... previous reviews vary so I would say go see for yourself.Go for Brunch. Expect a line. 
Salads are great.
Burgers are ok but their crabcake burger is amazing. 
My only real complaint is they have like, 5 menus
bfast, brunch, lunch and before dinner, dinner.
lame.I have been to Winnie's a few times and I loved the food.  I tried the steak with mashed potatoes and asparagus on my first trip there and it was delicious.  A big portion of food with a lot of flavor.  I went in October and there was a nice additional of seasonal items.  My roommate got the stuffed pork chop and it was a huge serving as well.  
The second time I went I got the meatloaf with mashed potatoes and broccoli.  I was a little hesitant to order the meatloaf but the waitress gave it great reviews.  I'm not a fan of mushrooms and it came with a mushroom gravy, but the waitress said they were big enough chunks it could easily be picked out.  When the meatloaf came, there were mushrooms ground into the meat, after telling the waitress I didn't like mushrooms, I was hoping she would've told me about this.  However, I still ate the meatloaf and the mushroom was fine enough that I couldn't really taste it.  
One feature I like about Winnie's is that they have a small bakery section at the front of the store with fresh breads and cupcakes.  I picked up a loaf of bread and a cupcake to take home and both were very fresh and delicious.My wife and I were visiting Philly and we drove to this place, which was off the beaten path for us.  The food was very mediocre and they committed what I view as a major no-no.  I ordered their "award winning" pancakes which are supposed to be accompanied by "Pennsylvania dutch maple syrup."  Instead they were served with what I can only describe as Aunt Jemima syrup.  If you want to cheap out and use the fake stuff, then please don't advertise that you are using maple syrup.  
Aside from this, these "award winning pancakes" were pretty average.
Don't waste your time on this place.Came for lunch and was delighted to see that the place was busy but not packed so we were seated right away.  Our server was wonderfully attentive and seemed genuinely happy to answer questions and bring us what we needed, which is so refreshing.  Our lunches were equally as impressive...BLT'S and turkey clubs...not fancy menu items, but they were fresh, tasty, and attractively presented.  The unsweetened raspberry iced tea was so good it (almost) didn't need sweetener!  We didn't have dessert, but my dining companion confided that the brownie dessert they serve is decadent and delicious.One of my favorite places for dinner and drinks, especially late on weeknights when parking is easy.  The food is always fresh and delicious.  They have some very creative creations.  The staff is friendly and knowledgeable about wine parings.  The decor is also very modern and clean.  Seating is quaint and intimate.  It makes for an excellent date spot.Le Bus is alway a fun spot for breakfast.  Although they are nearly always packed the food and service is consistent.