We had a great night here. Ambiance was perfect. Food was great. Better than Chris' last restaurant il pittore. Stuffed dates were a little sweet but the octopus was the best I've ever eaten. Cocktails were perfect. We then ordered speck and egg pizza and spaghetti a matraciana. Spaghetti was the best I've ever had and pizza was out of this world.wm mulherins did not disappoint! Weve been wanting to come here for a while, and it was definitely worth the wait. From the intimate seating to the awesome music , we were happy from the beginning. Then we tried the food , and it was all delicious. 
We started with the veal tar tar toast, ceviche , and octopus.  The tar tar was very unique and delicious. The ceviche was accompanied by grapefruit which we loved. Then I had a pasta dish and my husband had the halibut. We were given the option to add truffles to any of the pasta dishes for an extra 10 dollars, it was totally worth it and I highly recommend you do so! Everything was served as soon as it was ready, so all the food came out hot and fresh. The cocktails were great, but also had delicious wine.
There is a log bar area with a few tables  where we actually sat and ate. There is outside seating with heat lamps. The vibe is really chill, yet the food is on another level. The experience is definitely worth the overall cost. We were not rushed either , everything was paced nicely. Will definitely be going back soon!Enjoyed a superb meal! Every dish was amazing. The food was always good here, but the new chef has taken it to another level. Especially good were the corn pizza, artichokes, corn ravioli, zucchini salad, and seafood mixto! The octopus was almost inedible the first time we ate here, overcooked and oversalted; this time it was fabulous! Terrific wines by the glass too. Even the bread is better than most. Excellent service as always. Will not hesitate to return or recommend this restaurant to friends and visitors!This place is a one and done' Had they printed the prices on their website, may have been a none and done. Hate to be the "debbie downer" but someone has to provide a dose of reality. Showed up without a reservation, and, having now experienced the place, am surprised we needed a reservation. Regardless, there were only tables out on the sidewalk (where the El passed overhead- nice touch every 10 minutes). This was fine as I did not call ahead. When we arrived there were a couple tables outside so figured out we could get seated quickly. Not so. "They were not ready yet, why don't you have a drink at the bar". After ordering a mixed drink and beer at $25 including tip, all of a sudden the tables were ready. I fell for this again, my bad. Lets cut to the chase, in addition to the bar tab, the "dinner" consisting of 1 beer, small plate of seafood mix, ribs ( at $9), suckling pig, pasta and dessert with 1 coffee...$110 w/tip. The "suckling pig" was a piece of pork, the volumetric size of a deck of cards (with good portion of fat) over beans, the mix was about 2 tablespoons full of seafood, the ribs were 3 small ones. The pork was $31. NOTE_ They tout this as a "sharing:" restaurant..How do you share 3 small ribs between 2 people? Don't go by the photos. If you get the camera close enough and use a small plate, it does look like you get a good portion. This place is for the "uber generation" who need to be seen. Personally, there a many places in the area offering better value to be "seen in". There are no drinks or food worth that money, $135 for 2 people. And if you want to spend a fortune just to "be seen" or name drop. spend it at Capital Grill or Ruth's Chris, at least you won't walk out hungry.Best dining experience I've had in Philadelphia, Loved the interior, food and staff was extremely friendly in a genuine way. Can't wait to go back.Everything about this place is great. Pot de creme to the dates to the geek cheek gnocchi's. Cocktails are phenomenal and has a great atmosphere.Great new place. Full house on Thursday night. All food was made perfect and service was on the spot
Thanks stuff and chef Chris for a great experienceReally great service and beautiful restaurant. Cocktails were also very good. 
However, the food we ordered was lackluster in comparison. Very small portions for the raw plate and pasta. Hanger steak was tasteless. Pizza was worth getting.I was taken here for my birthday after wanting to go for a long time.  Everything was perfect, including the waitress, who explained everything, knew a lot about the menu and wine and had a voice that carried above the din in the room.  Standouts were the octopus, mouth watering, perfectly seasoned, and the dates, which I wouldn't have thought to order if not for reading about them beforehand.  They were off the charts, perhaps the highlight of the night.  WE had a pasta special and the duck, both superb.  I will be back soon.  I will be dreaming about that meal for a long time.I went for brunch on Saturday and it was so great I went back on Sunday! We had the asparagus salad/seafood Mixto/ mushroom pizza/salmon toast/volcano eggs/pasta. Quite literally everything was delicious and perfectly executed. The asparagus salad was something I've never seen on any other menu. My favorite was the truffle pizza, rich and perfect. I can't wait to go back for dinner.The drinks were strong. The sprouts were decadent. The pizza was fantastic; it might be the best pizza I've had in Philadelphia. Prices were good. Ambience was great. Cool atmosphere and a fun night.Went here Monday night as a group of six. I got the bass special which was delicious and big enough for my husband and I to share. The drinks were also above average ingredients and delicious. However, two of us got pasta entrees. Regarding that, word to the wise -get the pizza. It's filling, great toppings and the crust lets you know it's not mediocre. The pasta entrees are more like appetizers on a big plate, not filling. Which is how I know about the pizza.
Also they're not good for a big groups. Our food came out at different times because of how the kitchen operates and is timed. The waiter was clear about that, but once you're seated and ordering what else can you do but, well, wait for your food? Anyway, we would return here as a couple. But I felt the need to share a few things folks should know before they make the trip.The current Hot Spot in Philadelphia and we now know why!! Sneaking in as the doors opened and snagged two perfectly comfortably seats at the bar to enjoy one of the finest and most sought after meals! Bartenders were top notch mixologist and very friendly!! Everything from appetizers to dessert just kept getting better! The service is amazing!!! Someone opened the bathroom door for me what what!!! With a little Musiq Soulchild in the background. The atmosphere was warm and welcoming and while you're getting exceptional service and a delicious meal, it's comfortable and not pretentious! You could be in a sports coat or in a flannel shirt with jeans and everyone treats you with respect! The food really is the star! Getting a seat is difficult so make reservations or be the first one in. 
Thank You Chef Chris Painter and friends!!Worth the hype. Great ambiance, great food & cocktails, and good service. Ideal place to bring a date/spouse or go with another couple.  I wouldn't bring a party of more than 6 though.  
The pasta portions are about 4-5 oz and the pizzas are 12 inches. Small plates aren't bad but the real stand outs are the pastas & specialty pizzas. 
Deserts are also house made and well done. Pretty impressive wine, beer, and cocktails list too.
Also have parking right next door which is obviously very convenient and parking isn't that difficult close-by.  I just wouldn't park too far over into Kensington.  
Only downsides were our server forgot to bring our 2nd round of cocktails & it tends to get very loud in the restaurant since it is wood interior with hard wood floors. There isn't much to dampen the background music & conversations. I didn't mind because the space is used so well including the decor but it does get a bit hard to hear people across the table at times.  
If you going and don't want to send a lot, I would order 1 cocktail each, a pasta, and split a specialty pizza.  If you don't want all those carbs, order 2 veggie small plates and 2 pastas instead of the pizza.How could I have not yet written a review for my current and going strong favorite restaurant in Philadelphia? I was first introduced to WM Mulherins sometime last year. My boyfriend and I had been trying, trying, and trying some more to get reservations. We did wait lists even and finally got in. Since then, I have probably been back 5-6 times and I am in love with everything. 
Starting with the ambiance, super cute. It's below a boutique hotel, but you wouldnt even know. Oh, side note really quick, there is parking! Can't beat that. The restaurant is perfectly lit. Great for dates, groups, special events, ect. 
The cocktails are ever changing with the season and I have not had something I didn't like. As far as food, same thing can be said. A few favorites would be the speck and egg pizza, dates, cheese board, duck, omg the list could go on. 
My advice to you is that if you are interesting in trying this place out, make your reservations well in advance! You will not be disappointed.Service was amazing. I'm not one to ask many questions about a menu, but our server had a way of explaining each dish. Actually led us to make some good decisions. I'm also completely content with "shelf of shame" beer, but the sommelier was so down to earth and engaging that we chatted for a while and ended up grabbing a bottle of wine, which fit our taste perfectly. All of the food was incredible. I expected it to be, since they have the guy(s) from Pitruco running the oven, but the pizza and pasta blew all of our expectations away.Going to disagree with a few folks here.This restaurant is pretentious drinks are overpriced for the area.The food is good but serving size is minimal.Our waiter was nice and informative.we arrived on Time but were sent to the bar only to be seated 5 min later in an empty room with loud music playing.Disappointing we expecting a Littel more and $25 for a green spot whiskey really it's a $54 bottle of whiskey??So a few months ago we made reservations here for my girlfriends birthday. She was very excited to try this spot. With the day almost upon us I asked a coworker how she liked the place. She suggested small plates to share and a pizza. This turned out to be the perfect recipe. 
Upon entering I loved the decor. The whole set up was really cool.  Fireplace, couches, dark, Really large photos, depictions of the devil.  I'm a real sucker for rustic things and reclaimed wood though. Also a heated vestibule goes a long way when you show up early. 
We were welcomed in and our coats taken. I absolutely love the look and feel of the place. The only thing that was a little annoying was how loud it was. This had nothing to do with the place or the music. It was just a loud crowd. I think also I'm being a stick in the mud with that complaint. 
So this is how we did it:
Some fancy drinks that I did not try so I cannot comment on. I stuck to sparkling water. 
Some Brussels sprout special that was excellent. 
Beet salad: best best salad I've had yet! I wanted another one immediately!
Speck and egg pizza: this was amazing. I'm torn between Stella's truffle and egg and this one for best pizza in Philadelphia. We took some home and it was just as god the next day. 
Messinesi: this was delicious and just the right portion since we were already stuffed but wanted to try more things! 
We finished off with a cheese plate for desert. May sound weird but it was her birthday and that's what she wanted! It was an excellent cheese plate. 
The service is great and our waiter was more than accommodating. I think if you sneezed with in second waiters would pop up on either side of you. One to bless you and one to offer you a tissue! 
Honestly when the check came it wasn't that severe. Just over $100. You get what you pay for and it was very enjoyable. Also it was her birthday and how could she not be worth it! 
So if you haven't you really must. Def the nicest place fishtown has.Went to Wm Mulherin's and Sons last night, the place was packed. Made a last minute reservation. Walked in for our 9:45 reservations it's a very nice looking place, good music, nice vibe but I think something was wrong with the central air because it was pretty hot in there. We ordered the seafood mixto, which was very tasty but came in the tiniest portion I ever seen, it was served in a very small soup bowl. All four of us at the table thought it was something extra given to us (it was very good, just don't get it thinking it's a sharing portion). We also ordered the special clam pizza and were upset when the waitress came back to tell us there were no more clams, so we got the spicy jawn. The spicy jawn was tasty the meat and peppers had a nice char it was a good pizza. The bf said the one we made at his house was just as good but I will say you can't go wrong with this if you love a little pork and a little peppers on your pizza. We also go the veal pasta special, with burratta cheese and shaved truffles. The pasta was good, I have had better and we probably should've gotten the fish which looked good on the menu, but I am a person who loves to get the specials since they are at the restaurant for a limited time. My friends got the broccoli rabe (which had these garlic breadcrumbs that made it taste amazing), they also got the cavatelli pasta which they enjoyed and the zucchini pizza. We also got the drink special, I forgot the name it, all I remember is that it had scotch in it although it tasted like cranberry juice (it went down very easy), my bf got the mezcal mixed drink he liked it but was not thrilled. For my second round I got the lemon(forgot the name) punch, it was just as the waitress described refreshing. Although we were all full the four of us shared dessert. We decided on the coffee pots de cream which had coated coffee beans and hazelnuts. It was very good.My parents went for my moms 75 th birthday. I live in New York so I called so I could pay for their entire meal. After a 15 minute conversation during which I was placed on hold twice they told me I had to fill out a separate auth which I did and wrote "entirety of the check" on it. That was not clear enough somehow. That 15 minute convo was entirely misheard by their receptionist and they tried to reach out via email to clarify but never called me. I get a million emails and didn't respond that day, why would I check after I filled out their whole form?  Why not call me?  And then they have the gall to argue with me when I let them know about their mistake. Now I look like a cheap son AND a liar. Terrible.  They get two stars because my parents enjoyed the food.Great place to go on a cold night! Warm cozy atmosphere, excellent cocktail and beer selection.  Great service, and delicious selection of tasty food from small plates to large! Not ridiculously expensive for what you get and how enjoyable the place is to be in! Totally worth it! Can't wait to return, wish I lived nearby in Fishtown instead of at the Jersey Shore!Overall good experience here! Our server was fantastic. He spent time explaining each dish to us and making recommendations. The menu has a lot of variety (pizza, pasta, meats, seafood etc). The drink menu also had great variety and I enjoyed my cocktail. My only complaint is that this place claims to be "family style" but the portions are very small. If you have more than 3 people in your party it is difficult to share unless you each plan to have only one bite of each course.One of the best restaurants in philly hands down. Inside feels like being in NYC. Sat at the bar and started with a glass of barbera.  Had the broccoli rabe which was super fresh and very tasty. Hamachi crudo and scallop crudo were both out of control. The pastas were outstanding. Had the piggy tortellini and the one with sausage and fresh ricotta. Steak was very good but a little too rare for my taste... Regardless I ate it all.What a beautiful & stylish setting ! From the hostess to our waiter , Keith , to the floor managers , the service was impeccable. We had appetizers - seafood mixto , pastas , Brick Chicken , Spicy Jawn Pizza , Hangar Steak . Each were very delicious & especially the Hangar Steak - must buy ! Best restaurant we have been to in Philly as we will be back often.We were there on Friday night. We probably tried all the small plates, snacks and two entrees. The food and service are excellent.Billy's goods is a fun way to try some of wines that are off the regular wine list .The building is beautifully restored . We can't wait to return!This review is purely (sadly) based on an interaction that lasted about 10 minutes at this restaurant. 
Recently my friends and I came here based on another friend's suggestion. We arrived on a Friday evening without a reservation. Understandably we knew that we would not secure a table in a timely manner. The hostess, however, indicated there was room at the bar. We walked over to the empty bar stools to order a few drinks and food.  Less than a minute later the bartender walked over to us and very, very rudely (also incredibly loud) stated that we needed to leave and there were people waiting far longer than us. We informed him that the hostess indicated the seats were available. He then rudely indicated that this was incorrect and we needed to get up from our seats as soon as possible. Essentially reacted as if it was our fault and we were purposely sitting there realizing there were others waiting. 
Mostly embarrassed and shocked we promptly left the restaurant. Thereafter another employee chased after us to indicate there was in fact room at the bar. Even though he attempted to rectify the awful customer service situation it was still presented as an apathetic reaction. 
Although it was a minor situation, I would not go back again. Also my friend was intending to have her birthday dinner within a few weeks there but she understandably decided not to after that uncomfortable experience.Wow, what a wonderful experience! From the service, to the food, to the ambiance. I can't tell you which plate was my favorite, because they were all excellent. We shared (table of 2) the small plates of Pork Ribs and Octopus, the Agnolotti del Plin and Porcini Cavatelli pasta dishes, and the Double Margherita pizza. To top of our meal, we finished with the seasonal pumpkin dessert (can't call it basic if I wanted to) and the toffee ice cream. All the ice creams come with an almond sandie type of cookie, which I have to say, was my favorite part of our desserts! 
Will be back, many times to come. We basically already have our whole next meal planned out!Just finished up an outstanding meal at this new neighborhood spot. The menu is on the hipster side (ingredients you have to google & can't pronounce) but the food was incredible. The veal cheek with gnocchi was the best thing I tasted, and wish I could have traded in my swordfish for my own plate of the veal. The most tender meat and the largest gnocchi all simply melt in your mouth. The seafood mixto was a delicious appetizer, but it is most definitely a snack - tiny and difficult to share. I can't wait to come back and try a pizza, get more veal cheek, and dip the sourdough bread in the oil from the seafood mixto. A great addition to Fishtown.Believe it or not, I rarely give out 5 stars and if I could award Michelin Stars then this restaurant would be one of the few in Philadelphia that deserves it. I have been here 6 times since it has opened and I have no shame. Every single dish that comes out is perfectly executed, the plating is simple and elegant.
Below is a list of the best dishes I have gotten and don't ask me why, just try it! 
Stuffed Dates
Pork Ribs
Octopus (My absolute favorite, the crunch and flavor is out of this world)
Speck and Egg Pizza
Messinesi Pasta (You can't get enough of this, so good)
Hanger Steak
Margherita Pizza 
It's hard to try other dishes because once taste a taste you want to keep getting it but I am trying and will keep trying to try all the menu items.I'm increasingly disappointed with hyped restaurants, so I was pleasantly surprised by Wm Mulherin's Sons. It was one of the best meals I've ever had. The highlights included the Bijou cocktail, the brussels sprouts, the veal tartare toast, and the rabbit tortelloni. I'm pretty sure the tortellini was the best pasta dish I've ever eaten. The coffee pot de creme was good, but a little too sweet for my taste. I wish I had listened to our waiter and tried the coffee ice cream instead. All of his other recommendations had been spot on. Definitely will be back next time I'm in Philly.This place lives up to the hype. The food, vibes, and service are all great.The small plates and brick oven pizza were really delicious. The entrees were very meh. We had the bass and skate and they were SO SALTY. The atmosphere is pretty nice; they have a fireplace and candles on the table, and the service was good. It's a good restaurant but for the price of the meal I would expect better than salty food.Incredible rustic industrial ambiance with personable service! It gets crowded quickly so making reservations is recommended. No happy hour. 
Definitely YES to the speck and egg pizza. It lived up to the hype and was delicious to the last bite! 
The three of us got different pasta dishes and though they were all good, it was not the best. I wish that it had been more al dente and the flavor profile more unique. 
Cocktails and beer selection were excellent :) 
I would definitely come back for their pizza and drinks!Make a reservation!
The food here is fabulous!  Great place for a date if you're ok with what it will cost.  The plates are tapas style and run about $20 each.  I had the cavetelli and while the waiter warned me that it would be a small portion, I didn't realize that it would only be about a cup!  Pasta is so cheap...give me more for nearly $20. It was really good though!
Service was great!  Everything we had was great!  In the summer, they have outdoor seating along the sidewalk.  
We had the same experience others mentioned.  We didn't have a reservation so when we arrived around 6 on a Sat night, while most of the restaurant was empty, they told us they didn't have any tables available.  We ended up sitting at the bar which was fine...but make a reservation!Exceptional food, service is prompt. Definitely recommend this place with a reservation! "Try the Veal Cheek if they have it available or the Spicy Jawn pizza!"Awesome restaurant. Excellent  service. The pizza was impeccable. Nice atmosphere. For the next time I hope that the pasta will be cooked al dente.We had a really excellent meal here! Came in from NY to visit friends and we were assured this place was one of the best in town. It did not disappoint! 
We arrived on a cold and rainy night, so I was a little bummed that we didn't get to sit in the gorgeous back room with the fireplace. That room was simply stunning, so cozy yet rich and elegant, and it didn't help that we were walked through upon arrival, and I got excited that our seating was there. After a ten minute wait ( with reservations) alas it was not:( 
We started with the stuffed dates, broccoli rabe and the seafood mixto. They were all wonderful, the mixto was so delicious and fresh! It was just a tad too small for 4 people to share.  The broccoli rabe was a healthy size and very tasty, it in contrast was almost too much for all of us. 
Next we shared the lamb and artichoke pizza as well as the porcini cavatelli. Everyone was very impressed with both. I loved the pasta and wished that portion had been a bit bigger! 
Last, but certainly not least we shared the hangar steak which was served on a large wood cutting board with shishito peppers, black olive minced and large cooked potato pieces. It was really succulent and this was the moment we all began to feel quite satisfied! After this dessert became a distant hope for the future, there was no way to even attempt it on this visit. 
We all had cocktails and beers, the cocktails were all really well made and delicious. 
So, will I return to Wm Mulherin's Sons the next time I'm in Philly? You can bet on it!Stick to Sunday brunch when the food, drink and atmosphere is better.  My love affair with this place ended tonight.  Food was too salty--as was the service.   I'll still go but not go out of my way to have a "meh" experience.Always have a wonderful experience! The menu selection is very unique and everything always tastes amazing. I go here whenever I have a birthday or something to celebrate and every time the service is on point. Definitely a recommended spot for a nice evening out!So good.  A wonderful space to relax and have a really good meal.  We had octopus, asparagus salad, cauliflower, two pasta's and the chicken entree and all were simply delicious.  The staff was professional, knowledgable, and fun without being intrusive.  A total win, go.We heard great things and definitely were not disappointed. They have a large dining space, but reservations are probably necessary on a busy night. It's definitely more than just pizza (they have pasta, small plates, etc.) but the pizza was definitely calling to us. We sat at the bar and were entertained by the constant mixing of cocktails, and ordered the margherita and the spicy jawn. Both were the perfect combo of thin and thick crust, slightly chewy but also flaky, and with awesome toppings and sauce. It was not a cheap date but it was worth it and we will be back!Wow.  This place hits on all spots.  First the interior design is beautiful.  The entrance mural, tile work and light fixtures are really cool.  But who cares, unless the food and drinks are great.  The cocktails were all interesting and perfect presentation.  We had four different ones.  The one made with rye is smooth and strong.  The food was was really interesting and yummy.  Veal tartare toast was so good, from now on it's the only way to eat veal.  We also had the cauliflower and hamachi crudo.  Both had interesting twists on popular app dishes that we've had at other spots.  We also had the Vincenzo pizza.  Wow, i know pizza is being made at such a high level in philly now but this pie has to be near the top.  The crust was perfection.  The right amount of yeast bite, char from the oven and doughiness/crispness.  Awesome place and the check did not break the bank.I'm a big fan of Chef Painter from his days at the now-shuttered Il Pittore (a very under-rated place!). As such, we went in with a mission, which was to EAT ALL THE PASTA. Mission accomplished. The menu is large, with small plates, grill entrees, several pizzas, and about 9 pastas plus several additions (at least on this Saturday night). We did as planned, skipped the other sections and ordered 6 pasta dishes to share between two of us. It was probably too much, but we didn't care. Our waiter was great and helped us plan out which 3 we wanted to come out first. He also was cool with our somewhat unconventional order. Before I get to describing the dishes, another shout-out for offering me a taste of the wine I asked about prior to ordering a glass. 
Of the pastas we tried: 
Messinesi with sausage ragu and ricotta
Porcini cavatell with special black truffle added
Rabbit tortelloni
Bucatini amatriciana
Corzetti with goat
Special oxtail ravioli
Our favs were the messinesi and the oxtail ravioli, although all were great. The amatriciana didn't wow me, so I would skip that one, but recommend all the others. The messinesi really stood out by the way the sausage was tender and created an actual ragu, rather than just being chunks of sausage mixed with pasta. I loved how the fennel in the sausage flavored the sauce. 
We had a couple of house-made ice cream scoops for dessert which were great. 
One note, we had a table in the bar area, so maybe that is why, but the place is pretty loud. I didn't get the sense the other rooms were any less loud, but we were in the bar, so take that for what it's worth.Attractive decor with phenomenal food. The octopus was probably the best thing I've eaten in 2017 so far... We also loved the bucatini (great spice and flavor to the sauce) and the speck and egg pizza (wonderful crust, beautiful presentation). I will absolutely be back and will recommend this place to anyone. Service was knowledgeable, attentive, and we enjoyed learning about the history of the building.This place is amazing!  They were more than accommodating helping me with a reservation.  The food is absolutely incredible, and the drinks were perfect.  Our server was very helpful in discussing specials and the menu with us.  Would definitely recommend if you are looking for a nice Italian dinner!Food: excellent, service: subpar. We had reservations for 2pm, but was told by the waiter Russell that the kitchen will need to switch over for dinner so our order will need to be placed all at once. Our food came out within 10 minutes, rushed, and we barely could get a second round of drinks before asked if we needed anything else while handed the check. I understand the need for shift change, but there is a better way to address this issue while keeping customer service in mind. Especially when you gather for a special occasion planning months in advance.We checked out Wm. Mulherins & Sons while visiting Philly in July. It was newly opened when we reserved and we didn't know much about it.  We were pleasantly surprised! Living in San Francisco, we are spoiled when it comes to food, so our bar is set pretty high. Everything from the decor & ambiance to the cocktails and food were delightful. The roasted cauliflower and hangar steak were standouts. That steak and everything that came with it was really friggin' good. The wine list is nice and reasonably priced, and the somm was genuine and unpretentious (a nice change from the typical hipster wine somms you come across in SF). If you are in Philly, this place is certainly worth a visit!This place was amazing! I can't wait to go back for dinner. We were lucky to get a spot for brunch today. For starters, we had the beet salad and seafood mixto. The salad was perfect and the seafood tasted so fresh. We had the sweet potato ravioli (small portion, so you'll probably need to order more) and the spicy jawn pizza, also perfectly done. We were still hungry after the ravioli, so we ordered 3 cheeses for "dessert." Drinks were great as well, although I forget what they were called. I think mine was the Don Giorgio? I forget. Anyway, I HIGHLY recommend this place. The food, service, and ambience were excellent. The building is neat as well -- it has a lot of character.Holy cow from them making up for our late reservation 40 min wait! Took care of our bar tab to the food being over the top good and our server , well she and the Somm were just awesome!!!! Thx for a great recovery w.m.I never really write reviews. Even my ladyfriend bugs me for not speaking out to waitstaff (if a dish I ordered was incorrect, if I thought something was subpar). Live and let live, right? I get it. I worked in the food industry and dealt with everything from the bridge-and-tunnel crowd to the downright snooty. I'm understanding overall. We're all human. Places have off days. Most places don't pay a living wage and staff can't survive on tips alone. World is going to pot. Yada yada yada That being said...
My beau and I had been trying to get reservations for this place for a while. People we know say it's the best thing since sliced baguette. The only spots available were always 4:30 or 10:00, if that. Damn! Place must be good! I'm not European so I'm not eating at midnight, and I'm not 100 years old so I'm not eating at 4:30. I waited and waited for an opening for weeks, in order to secure a spot for my boo's birthday. It took time and patience but I got a 5:00 slot. 
Wm had sent me an email and three texts in regards to our upcoming meal, within the 72 hour build up. I'd never had an establishment hit me up so much before a meal so the hype was building. Their contact would say politely, something to the effect of, "...get here by 5 please...contact us if you're running late..." I hurried my sweetheart along annoyedly, saying quips like "Mr. Mulherin is tapping his foot, waiting for us!" and "He won't seat us if we're five minutes late!" Right before dinner, rushing her out of our coffee place, the barista told us Mulherin was "the best place to eat in Philadelphia". Damn! Double damn! A barista is cultured! And she lived in New York! Can't be wrong!
We get there a few minutes before 5. We then wait for fifteen-twenty minutes. They wanted us to wait in a tiny, cold vestibule with the rest of the people who had reservations. The tables weren't ready yet. Okay, either this was a part of the charm (like waiting for Pizza Beddia--it tastes better if you're slightly annoyed) or they were running a bit late as the weather was bad and they were short staffed? Just running behind? Always this way? Okay, I can deal. We waited, sat, read the menu, then ordered...
-Cheeses: Cheeses were good, but they didn't give us enough bread. We even looked to the couples around us and they both got more bread! Both standard bread, and bread specifically for cheeses. Did I have a stamp on my forehead that said "poor person"? I wore my best flannel for this meal. What gives?
-Brussel sprouts: Al dente-ish sprouts served with crunchy pine nut topping and stracciatella. The cheese and the sprouts didn't taste like anything but brussel sprouts. The pine nut topping was barely noticed. I don't know if al dente was what they were going for. I know stracciatella doesn't have the strongest taste but this had no taste. I could have baked sprouts from the Farmer's Market, thrown panko on top and picked up some nice, runny cheese from DiBruno Bro's instead. Bummmmmmer.
-Pork ribs: My boo usually doesn't like ribs but since our barista friend said it was hand cooked by God and served by Jesus, we figured we should order it. It was 80-90% gristle. No joke. Sauce was pretty dope but you can't eat gristle even if it's dope sauce. Double bummer.
-Bucatini all'Amatriciana: Wanted something a bit different from usual Italian fare we'd have otherwise. Noodle was cool but sauce had no distinct taste. And there was only one piece of guanciale!
-Beef ravioli: Chef special. It was "good". It was the best dish we had but at that point we were pretty soured.
-Flaky pastry thing with creme inside and fancy icing on top
-Cup of creme dessert thing with little crunch balls on top
The stars were deserved to the waitstaff and more specifically our waiter who was great and super knowledgable (guy with an accent--shout's out, Accent Guy). It was also a cool building with a fireplace, and the desserts and beer were good. But I don't go to fancy restaurants strictly for booze and sweets.
The reason the review was written is (with 20% tip) the check was about $150. If I'm dropping that kinda cash I expect better. There's a higher standard here. High enough that I also just gave them a half-hour of my time to write this review. I don't want to pay a fifth of my paycheck just to have a couple beers, desserts and one "good" dish. Maybe you, the reader, should get the special $130 ribeye? I just can't afford that. But I guess this is what's coming to my fair Verona. I guess Wm is more for the incoming Comcast crowd. (Odd seeing it across from the El Bar.) I'd rather just go to Little Nona's or Square Pie, or hell, go to Olive Garden and have unlimited breadsticks and iceberg lettuce. Maybe we ordered the wrong items? The shaved truffles? The Mussolini a la Mariokart? Bummer dinner for mio fidanzata. Shant return.  
Also, did you know Yelp has a character limit?Just amazing. Great food, fantastic service.  Third time to this restaurant and every time it gets better. From the decor, to the friendly and accommodating hosts.  An eclectic wine list, to a menu that has changed each time we have been there.  Will be back again soonGreat service, food, and cocktails.  Definitely worth every penny.  Plan on spending some time here as there is so much to try.  The cheeseboard was phenomenal and you have to get the prosciutto wrapped dates. They were the best thing I have had in so long.  The pizza is also amazing.Absolutely delicious!! I went with my boyfriend for dinner and had reservations for Wednesday night. We had to wait about 15 minutes so we got a drink at the bar that was crowded and as soon as we got our drink we were seated. Megan, our server was fantastic! She knew the menu well and helped us decide on what to get. The octopus appetizer was the best I have ever had!! Must get! All around delicious dinner and atmosphere but pricey for drinks.This is one of the best meals I have had in a long time. On a Friday night we didn't have a reservation (def make one) but were able to be seated in the "lounge" which was a loveseat and two chairs in front of a coffee table in front of the fireplace. Service was excellent and our server was incredibly knowledgable about the menu. There were four of us and we shared an unbelievable cheese plate, two of us had pizzas (note that the Spicy Jawn was VERY spicy) and two of us got pasta (perfectly flavored, perfectly cooked) and two desserts. Great wine list, great atmosphere! Don't expect a quick meal here - everything is made from scratch here - from the pasta to the BEST sourdough bread! It's worth the wait and the leisurely meal is a nice change. Don't miss this place - we will definitely be back!Loved my visit here. The space in general is beautiful and spacious. The service was excellent.  And the food was delicious.
We started with the octopus, small portion but very good. We had the pasta special which was in a black truffle sauce followed by two pizzas: double margherita and spicy jawn. The margherita was delicious, a must. The spicy jawn is great if you like spicy. Both excellent. 
All in all, a great visit. Will definitely be back.Came here for a belated Valentine's day dinner.  Décor was comfortable yet fancy and elegant.  We showed up 15 minutes earlier and was told our table will not be ready till our reservation time.  We stood near the hostess and within a matter of 5 minutes, a waiter me and asked if we wanted drinks while we were waiting.  The staff is highly attentive.  The waitress thoroughly explained the menu.  We started with the Seafood Mixto and Roasted Cauliflower.  Seafood MIxto was a tad bit salty but still enjoyable.  I am definitely a fan of the Roasted  Cauliflower cooked with Raisins.  We order the Black Squid ink pasta.  This dish was Super Salty and we had to send it back.  Waitress was extremely understanding and ordered us another noting less salt.  The GM came by to apologize.  The 2nd Squid ink pasta came out and it was still unbearably salt.  At that point, we just wanted to continue with our meal, so ate it and told the waitress it was a tad better but still on the saltier side.  Entrees we ordered the Cod and hanger steak (Huge portion, the potatoes were amazingly tasty).  We ended with Pear Crostada (most delicious thing I've ever eaten).  I would come back just for the dessert and the impeccable service given.  They were understanding, accommodating and attentive.  They took the Pasta off our bill and gave us a scoop of ice cream on the house.    Keep up the good work WM Mulherin.New favourite spot in Philly/NoLibs!
It's rare to find a restaurant that does everything well. My friends and I ordered the following and found everything just great:
1) scallop crudo - perfect starter, fresh,light with tangy flavour to it. Perfect with the uni and truffle combination
2) octopus - really really good, very tasty with the basil / pesto type sauce and beans 
3) double marherita pizza - one of the best in Philly, love the crisp crust and good flavour plus the burrata!!
4) pigs head tortellini - very subtle pigs head taste but really really good! Top it off with the truffle add-on for $10 and it's perfect!
5) veal cheeks - perfect end to a meal. Very very very very tender. Just perfect
And of course they have an impressive wine selection: my friends got rosé and I got the grappa - really good. Must try!
Kudos to David our server who made deciding which dishes to order really hard (made everything sound perfect, and they really were)!!Whoa! This is Fishtown??? Last night, my wife and another couple had a fantastic experience at WM Muhlherin's. Let me begin by saying we were not prepared for the classier atmosphere, as we strolled in with T-shirts and chucks. Nevertheless, we were not turned away and our reservation was honored...with a smile.
Look up when you enter and notice the whimsical art mural in the vestibule. This old whiskey  warehouse has been transformed into a lovely dining establishment. It maintains the charm of the old exposed bricks, skylight and some frosty windows. Yet it is updated with beautiful wood floors and woodwork around new windows. There is a charming fireplace with seating in front of it, reminiscent of a Victorian era. We sat at a round table, surrounded by busy tables and lively chatter...which at times made it hard to hear conversation at our own table.
The Food-
They have small plates and they encourage family style, so share food and know that orders come out when ready. Love it. Straight away, I have to tell you, order the pork ribs! I am still salivating just thinking about them. They come in a lime, chile sauce that was later sopped up with our pizza crust. We also ordered the roasted cauliflower in an olive and almond purée. Soooo good. At first we ordered 2 pizzas and the half chicken, but then our server (who was great BTW) suggested we order the Parmigiana (sp?). So we did (thinking with our eyes, ears and noses) and it was the best of the 3. By the time the chicken came out, we were all stuffed. However, after a few bites...we ravished the chicken. Juicy and well-seasoned, it was complimented well by charred greens and I think a roasted red pepper, pine nut salsa. Yum is the word.
It is so cool to see the diversity of Fishtown in its people, places to have drinks and especially its restaurants. WM Mulherin's & Sons brings quality and class along the Market El line. We will be back...Next time, with a minimum of 2 buttons on my shirt.Sat at the bar for Sunday brunch. The bartender did a poor job. Didnt ask how anything was. Was cursing at staff and just an unpleasant individual to be around. I feel bad for his coworkers. This was our second time here. Pizza was on point. Frittata we only ate part of was forgettable. Overall the service has felt like it is everyones first day both times we have been. The food is fine, just not a great value.Our new Philly fave for date night.  Cocktails & wine top notch.  Every morsel delish.  
Must try:
1. Octopus
2. Spicy Jawn
3. Bucatini (although preferred when this dish used a thinner pasta)
4. Duck
5. Any of their specials
6. Pot de Creme
Service varies:
+ Manager remembered us from previous visit AND remembered our wine
+ Staff polite, friendly, sometimes TOO eager to help and please
- Bar should open at 4:30pm for early dinner reservations
- Door remained locked as staff stared at us shivering in the cold outside waiting for our 5pm res
- Upon entering, we were told, "We're a bit disheveled - bear with us!"  (don't want to hear this)
- Empty restaurant and hostess seats us RIGHT next to other couple - awkward!
- Couple next to us was served after dinner drinks "on the house" for no apparent reason at all while we were served nothing complimentary - yet spending over $300 on dinner and in earshot of other table
- During first visit, chef working at the bread/pizza station was playing on his phone and went back to work without washing hands or using gloves - told GM about this - and he said he would handle it.
With all of that said, they do know what they are doing despite needing a few small tweaks - and that's really saying something in this ever-growing foodie world in which we live!
Will definitely return - great for special occasions and getting together with friends.Although the food was delicious and the beer selection was decent I felt the service was slow and the prices did not reflect the portion size or quality.came here with a group of girls, and the experience was unforgettable
1. Messinesi: very flavorful with the perfect amount of depth 
2. Hangar steak: cooked perfectly. good size. potatoes are double fried YUM
3. speck and egg pizza: pizza crust had the perfect amount of chew, they "popped" the yolk of the egg for us at the table
4. roasted cauliflower: i was curious about the rehydrated grapes they used, seemed very trendy, but it was good! the cauliflower was roasted perfectly
5. hamachi crudo: very fresh, not fishy, right amount of chewCame here for brunch. The restaurant itself is beautiful, we asked to sit outside and got a table. Our waitress was fantastic, very friendly, funny and attentive. We tried the fig appetizer (figs with mascarpone, honey and walnuts) and I got the frittata. The frittata was delicious and surprisingly filling. My friend got the Spicy Jawn pizza which was divine, exactly what you want when you think of a spicy soppressata pizza and our other friend got the nutella french toast. I ordered a side of toast and jam, the raspberry jam it came with was perfect. My only complaint is the portion and price. For the cost, the portions are a bit too small (the toast was 1 piece of what I am guessing was ciabatta cut in half) and the dishes are expensive. There were five pieces of figs (probably 2-3 whole figs in the dish) and it was $14. Definitely a great spot with much better than average food, but not exactly wallet friendly.Outrageously excellent - seasoned perfection.  Pricey.  I'd come here, hang at the spectacular bar, nosh and just be inspired by the  "Beyond" Restoration Hardware  design.
But outside - keep your eyes open; Front St has sketchy characters.So the first time I went, I didn't love it. You really have to accept that it is family style, in that they expect you to share every dish.
My husband and I came here a second time and after accepting that we should share every dish rather than ordering separate entrees, we had a fantastic time. This pasta is heaven-I believe it is called Messenesi pasta? We also love the double mozzarella pizza. This slowly has become one of our favorite places to go when we want to celebrate something. Just don't make the same mistake I did and order separate entrees expecting it to come out at the same time.I came here by myself for dinner on a Wednesday night around 8 and sat at the bar. The bar was fairly full, and so were most tables. Overall it was pretty comfortable - decent lighting, not too loud, would've had enough space if it weren't for my giant backpack from work stuffed under my feet and the lady next to me seeming to be oblivious to her elbow hitting me every so often.  
The bartender didn't rush me. I ordered the Double Margherita (tomato, bufala mozzarella, basil, burrata) and asked which wine he would suggest. He was a bit snarky, saying that it's just a margarita, so any red would do ("as anyone worth their salt should know; I'm not surprised someone making such a commonplace food order would ask such an ignorant question, you wine dilettante" - but I'm sure I'm projecting). So I ordered one of the reds he pointed to. 
The food and wine came quickly. The pizza - amazing. Really, really good. I'm not a pizza connoisseur and usually am fine with average pizza. But this stuff made me happy. The crust had a good doughiness to it, not super crispy or burned. The ratio of sauce to cheese was spot on - not overwhelmed by the tomato, and I didn't feel like I was choking on cheese. The quality of the cheese made it shine. 
So, though I didn't love the slight snobbiness of the place, I'd go again for the food and hope they've continued to get over themselves in the meantime.I mean... I can't find any reason why NOT to give them five stars. Before tasting a thing, I was in love with the gorgeous space. It's cozy and inviting (fireplaces!) without a hint of kitsch or outdatedness. We were seated at a perfect table off of one of the fireplaces, and something that's noticeable is that you have plenty of room to breathe. Many restaurants in cities are very cramped to capitalize on space, so this was a nice change (and I'm a small person!). I had a delicious cocktail (broken record, I think?) and we ordered sort of tapas style, per our server's recommendation. For three adults we shared six dishes plus dessert, and for us it was the perfect amount. Quick rundown: Brussels sprouts, beet salad, cheese plate, cavatelli with taleggio and fontina dear god, a pasta with lamb (I did not have this), and monkfish. Dessert was an apple crostata, which was extraordinary. It's rich and light at the same magical time, and a few bites for each of us was perfect. Service was very, very good. I cannot wait to go back.We had a dinner for 5 last night at the newly opened Wm Mulherin's and Sons.
The decor of the place is short of spectacular. Great attention to detail with impressive woodwork. Furnishings are stylish and very well implemented. The lighting conveys a very warm and pleasant atmosphere. The menu was somewhat of a disappointment. It became apparent that the flagship dishes are the Pizzas. We had two which were good but nor exceptional. Only one salad on the menu ( asparagus). No other greens etc., were available. We got several appetizers ( porcine stuffed Ravioli) but these  were poorly presented did not have the flair that I expected from such a sophisticated place. The fluke dish (n which  I did not taste) was  by consensus, good.
The wine list did not seem to support the menu at hand price wise and well as variety. Last night they ran out of the three most popular Reds in bottles  so we ended up drinking  (by the glass) a Nabiolo grape wine which was nothing to write home about.
In conclusions, I fully appreciate the difficulty for the management of  a recently opened restaurant  to deal with this complex  and very difficult process. However, I hope that the owners will put as much effort in creating a balanced menu as they did in the design of the venue. I Imagine it will be difficult to stay in business on  selling only Pizza's -  and future development of the menu  by taking it to a different and much higher  level will take place.  We certainly will be back. I will conclude with a comment that the service was outstanding.Service, food and atmosphere were fantastic. We got the pork special they ran that night and it was the most tender piece of pork I've ever tasted. Dessert was pot de creme and phenominal as well. Highly recommend.. and a great area to go to a few bars around the area after!Sat at the bar for a few low key drinks and food. Bartender was busy but eventually he took our orders for drinks and read us the specials while including the prices for all the specials. 5-10 minutes later, he made our drinks we previously ordered. We tried the specials that included lamb steak that was around $25 and swordfish pasta around $17. We also gotten a snack dish. I can confidently say we should have tried the pizza as that looked great. swordfish pasta was more of a side dish and the term swordfish is used loosely here since there was literally about a half a slice of bacon's worth of fish on it laid on top of about 10 pieces of flattened wheel pasta pieces. It was ok, but not memorable in any sense. The lamb was much better portion and was cooked well. Drinks were a great show with less than a shot's worth of liquor. All in all, get the pizza or order about $35 worth of food per person if you plan to have a dinner there.Oh my!! Wm Mulherin's Sons! I don't even know how to pronounce your name, but you just gave me one of the best meals I've had in a loooooong time!!  You know your dinner is so good, when I left the restaurant literally skipping down the sidewalk because I was so happy!
We sat at the bar, to keep it casual. Glad we did, we got to see the talented bartenders mixing crafty cocktails all night! Right in front of the action! We also were able to keep asking a lot of questions about the  menu, since the bartender was conveniently right in front of us lol. 
Drinks: Amazing! So many different fancy mixology type cocktails. I wanted to try them all! They also had great beer selections, which sold me. Most places similar to Wm Mulherin's Sons have either good beer, or good cocktails, but not both. We ordered a Berliner-weisse, and a sour cherry gose. Yumm! My draft beer was only $6! The bottle beer was $15, but it was a big bottle. 
FOOD: To die for! Everything was so delicious, we seriously couldn't stop eating. I was scraping up the sauces off the plate, eating more than I could fit, just to keep tasting everything that was so amazing!  
- STUFFED DATES blew me away, wrapped in sweet bacon, stuffed with gorgonzola, and drizzled with the most amazing cherry date sauce on top. Wow. I'll be talking about this appetizer for a long time. 
- EGG & SPECK FLATBREAD was ridiculous! Topped with an over easy egg with the yolk drizzed on top, bacon, potatoes, and amazing crema sauce. And the crust... perfect crust! Thin and crispy underneath, but the think part of the crust at the end was still soft and doughy inside. How is that possible? Perfection! One of the best pizzas I've ever eaten. I have a few all-time favorite places for fancy flatbreads in Philly, and I'm telling you, I think Wm Mulherin's Sons beats them! So impressed. 
- CAVATELLI was sooo delicious! It had a perfect creamy truffle sauce, with yummy mushrooms mixed in. The sauce was so good, we were using our leftover bread pieces to soak up all the leftover sauce in the bowl so nothing went wasted! 
Bravo Chef! The food totally blew me away. I can't wait to come back and eat literally everything else on the menu LOL!  Drinks, Food, Service, Atmosphere, Ambiance, PERFECT! One of my new favorite places.Told the server we had a dairy allergy in the group and to alert us to any dishes that had dairy in them.  No such alert was provided unless we asked, and it turned out that more than half of the dishes had dairy in them.  
Drinks were great.Came here for brunch and it was great ! Service was up to par and the interior along with the servers outfit was rustic and cute. My friends and I had the steak and eggs, peck pizza, salmon toast and the Nutella French toast! Everything was divine, steak and potatoes were a bit salty but the French toast was unreal and I never had anything like that before. Crispy toasted smothered in  Nutella and sprinkled with hazelnuts was a party in my mouth!!The restaurant is absolutely gorgeous.  The service is great.  But the brunch food is just ok :(
We tried the chocolate croissant, which had good flavor (high quality chocolate!) but was a bit stale.
The frittata was pretty flat and one-note.  It was considerably better with ketchup, but a bit disappointing.
The brunch tagliatelle was limp and had no chew.  The pancetta flavor was strong, but, again, it was flat and one-note.
We want to come back to try it for dinner.  The space is too gorgeous and the menu too enticing to not try again.
If the food disappoints again, I think I might have to conclude that this place is for people who care more about instagramming their food and ambiance than about eating good food.Philadelphia is thriving and this place truly exemplifies this fact. To start off, I am not a big drinker, but the cocktails I have tried in each of my two visits were outstanding. Strong, but smooth. The food is delicious and full of flavor. I recommend the speck and egg pizza, with black truffles when they have them. We have tried most of the pastas and they are well worth the carbs! The only menu item I did not love was the hamachi. Everyone seems to have hamachi crudo on their menu and this one was less than stellar. It really isn't necessary with so many other greats to choose from. Definitely don't miss the seafood mixto or the octopus. And for dessert, get the pot de creme with the 50/50 as an after drink. The service is attentive and they definitely do not rush you, but my only criticism is that it almost seems like much of the staff takes itself a bit too seriously. It's not pretentious, per se, just a little too aloof, especially at the host area. It is a beautiful, warm, welcoming space with awesome food, and it would benefit from a little bit more welcoming and warmth from the staff.We went for lunch, and the asparagus salad and house cured grilled ham were standouts. The speck and egg pizza (which we got topped with black truffle) was also very satisfying with its airy breadlike crust. The portion on the cappelletti was tiny, and the bucatini cacio e pepe benefitted from more pepper and could have been more al dente.Do yourself a favor and visit this place on a date night! Eventhou the place was full when my husband and I arrived, atmosphere was intimate. Servers were friendly and knowledgeable about items on the menu (I had some dietary restrictions at the time), drinks were brought out promptly and our water glasses refilled whenever needed. I ordered veal cheek, OMG!!! I didn't want to share it! Seriously, try when you visit:) My husband ordered hangar steak (I believe it was under $30), and he said it was just perfect! He compared it to $50-$90 steaks he had at other places and said this one just as good. Will be coming back soon!It is so rare for me to find and rate two five-star 'joints' in 3 months.  But I did, I'ze got skills!
Greeted by two lovely young hostesses, with a definite future of whatever they choose, and that can include "me",  we were offered to wait in the seats by the door away from the crowded bar and they would get drinks for us, OR we can sit at an outside table in this mid 70's degree temp night.  Was that really a choice to ponder?  So outside we went to a sidewalk table, where we can watch the hot millennials pass by, and come and go and I would admire and smile and occasionally melt.   Atmosphere, atmosphere, atmosphere, oh my dog.
Our waiter was terrific, efficient, suggestive and knew the make-up of each dish like the back of his hand.
The cocktail menu was original and creative.  If you want a gin drink, try the one with the frothy egg whites (I forget the name), it was fabulous.  The Sister Francis was an adjusted Rye version of a Manhattan and was perfect. 
The food:  Three small plates and two entrees was more than enough for two...here we go...
*Stuffed Dates wrapped in speck, stuffed with gorgonzola, surrrounded by dried plum puree, a friggin' MUST HAVE--5 stars
*Pork Head special, was made into a terrine, served sliced and with very fresh beets -- 5 stars
*Corzetti pasta with rabbit, chanterelles, and favas, a little non-bursting in flavors but still very, very good -- 4 stars
*Half Brick Chicken  served  with escarole, and cipollini onion, it rivals my favorite Brick Chicken of all time at Savona -- 4.5 stars
*Veal Cheek with roman gnocchi, I would eat this every last day of my life if I was able, so rich and decadent and flavorful and delightful -- 5 stars at least
No dessert, just some wine and beer to accompany aforementioned delectables, and a decent selection of both also.
I have to bring my new future ex down here to Fishtown's finest soon!  ;-)Such a great use of space for a building which has literally been vacant for 100 years.  They took the time to renovate right. Nailed it on the artwork and lighting. Definitely a sexy take me back in time vibe. 
The cocktails are on point - they have pisco, which I don't see very often in these parts, AND they don't shy away from using egg whites. I like my drinks frothy, so...
The food also goes the distance. I'm not entirely sure why the pizza list is so long, but maybe it's because someone in charge knew how awesome their pizzas were and that it didn't matter if you had hamachi crudo for an app, you would still want a pizza after? And then sea bass with some seasonal vegetable. 
With so many drinks and menu items to explore, I'll be going back again and again.I would give 6 stars if I could. It's beyond clear they know exactly what they are doing and hit every aspect of dining out: ambiance, decor, style, service, drinks, food - everything was excellent, tasty, friendly.
I will be coming back, over and over again.Five star food, three star service. 
This was one of my top 5 meals in Philly. Everything came out hot, fresh, and delicious. The only downfall was the slow service and oddly staggered food delivery.
Dishes we tried:
Asparagus salad - served chilled, very tasty
Cauliflower - delicious, highly recommend
Scallop crudo - good, unique, but probably wouldn't get again
2x Double Margarita pizza - reminded me of Pizzeria Vetri, very good
Brick chicken - so juicy! great flavors and probably one of the best chicken dishes I've ever had
Veal cheeks - melt in your mouth goodness
also had two delicious pastas, but I forget which two.
We will definitely be back. It was a good value for the city too. I just hope the slow service was a one time occurrence.Enjoyed dinner with our oldest dearest friends! Everything was fabulous-- cannot wait to go back. Service was spot on and portion sizes were just right for their tapas styleVery cool old building, a former distillery. I had the tuna crudo to start, well-plated wth an olive tapenade & an avocado purée. Very tasty. The pappardelle with lamb & chili flakes. Very nice. They make their own ice cream, and the vanilla was anything but boring. Nice microbrew offerings. Service perfect.This restaurant is beautiful and has a wonderful ambiance. However, I have to say this is the ONLY restaurant I have been to in Philly or maybe ever that literally has NOTHING on the menu that is vegan, and would not accomodate a vegan diet. Our server said, we have"gluten free" options though. I don't eat animal products due to animal rights, and I was confused how gluten-free was a substitute. I am not someone who is extremely demanding about vegan options, because I understand it's the restaurants choice what they choose to make. But they should understand that unfortunately, when you're dining with friends and not picking the restaurant yourself, it would still be nice to have a little something to eat-even if it's lettuce. My two friends I was with are servers at upscale restaurants and thought it was ridiculous.Stopped in on a Sunday morning for an early brunch. Had a reservation at 10:30am but they were just getting setup when we arrived so we had to wait 5 minutes to be seated. 
The dining room slowly filled up around us and was nearly full when we left. Just remember to get in there early if you want to avoid the rush. There's lots of space either way so you're not crowded and the restaurant is split between several different rooms which adds to the overall charm. 
Started with a coffee because that's what everybody needs on a Sunday morning. The coffee was good, but take a long look at the beautiful ceramic mugs. For the main I had the Eggs on Volcano. It was quite delicious and full of flavor in every bite.I would drive to Philly from D.C. just to eat here. Seriously, brunch was that good. Don't miss the hangar steak and eggs.Seafood Mixto - mussels, octopus, rock shrimp, calamari, lemon (8/10)
Broccoli Rabe - herb bread crumbs, garlic puree, ricotta salata (9/10)
Veal Tartare Toast - caesar dressing, grilled gem lettuce (10/10)
Speck & Egg Pizza - caramelized onion, egg, speck, potato, fontina (9/10)
Oxtail Agnolotti - bone marrow butter, rosemary (7/10)We finally made it to Wm Mulherin's after wanting to eat there since it opened. The love both by critics, rating apps, and friends seemed universal. Unfortunately, our experience did not live up to the hype.
We ordered the cheese plate, a pizza, a pasta, and the brick chicken. The cheese plate was very solid, with great bread and accompaniments. The pizza was solid as well, with a nice chew and great sauce. The pasta, a special of the night with fettuccine, butter, Parmesan, spring onion, and asparagus, was outstanding. 
The disappointing aspect was the brick chicken and the service. The brick chicken was extremely salty and that made it difficult to eat. But the low point was the service over the course of the whole night. Everyone that came to our table was friendly and well versed in the menu, but the spacing of the meal was terribly slow, to a point of being uncomfortable. It almost felt like they were keeping us there to order more booze. For a restaurant such as Mulherin's, where the menu basically tells you to order multiple courses for sharing, it was surprising how poorly timed the courses were brought out. For our 4 courses, it took 2.5 hours. In my eyes, for the nature of the food, that is unacceptable. 
If this rating and review were solely on the food, 4 stars. The poor timing of service knocks it down to 3.What a pleasant surprise. I live in center city-downtown philadelphia and so rarely make it
to fishtown. I first heard about it from a David who is a part of the restuarant I believe who I met in passing at vernick. And then my hairdresser told me what a great place it was so I had to just try it out for myself. So glad I did. Had dinner last night at WM. Mulherin with 5 friends. From the moment we walked in it was a great experience. Its a beautiful old building and a very nice decor and bar. We were seated right on time and the staff  and servers were very attentive and delivered great service. Our group sampled a bit of everything. The smaller plates of the seafood mixto and sides of broccoli rabe, asparagus salads and cauliflower were delicious. Just perfectly flavored . The pizza was great and enough to share for the table. The pastas  were to amazing  as well. My all time favorite was the veal tartar on toast. It was in a ceasar type of dressing and was marinated just perfectly.  All in all a fantastic experience and I highly recommend this new place. Its worth the cab ride or uber away from the city. It will not disappoint.Nice atmosphere. Great selections for small plates and sharing style serving. The server (we had Jason) was very fun and extremely good if we had any questions. Dear hubby had an issue with a beer and discussing with the bar tender discovered the lines were crossed /they were very appreciative they had his astute taste to discover the that. Loved the small pizza- crust was perfectI am so sad that I have to write this because I was so very much looking forward to our dinner here last night. The good: The ambience is exceptional. The hostess could not have been nicer, even when our table was not ready when we arrived at our reservation time. Also, the bathroom and its amenities, including delicious smelling soap. The food was also wonderful, once we received it. The bad: The service was really, really bad. My husband and I were seated at a table in the middle of the dining room, so it wasn't as if you could have missed us. There was also a very large table of 8 adjacent to us that was getting exceptional service (tons of servers visiting them, shaving truffles on their food as the table erupted in cheers) from a lot of the staff, including the server who we later learned was ours. Once seated, my husband ordered a beer and I ordered a cocktail. His beer arrived. I waited for my cocktail....and waited.....and waited. I flagged down a server, asking her to find our server and please check on my drink. She obliged very nicely and then also came back to explain the menu to us. I was confused then - was she our server? The server who took our drink order came back about 10 minutes later to take our food order, requesting we place it all at once. No problem. Our apps came out, then a pizza. Then another app. At this point, we realized we may have over-ordered. We mentioned that we ordered too much food and server says: "Yeah, I noticed," and agreed to cancel a pasta. We didn't see the rest of the food for another 30 minutes, after sitting down initially around 8, it was close to 10. They cleared our drinks (not asking if we wanted another) before we got our final pizzas. The whole thing was really off. The food we did eat was wonderful, tuna crudo, Brussels sprouts and special ham pizza among the highlights, but the service was poor. Compared to the service attending the large table of 8 to our right, it was very strange. They must've been either celebrities or doing a chef's tasting. I'm surprised this was ranked one of the best restaurants in the nation and in Philly because the service does not match the food. I hope it improves.Had an amazing date night here with my husband. Both the food and service were amazing.
Pros:
1. Parking - Anyone who lives in the city know's how hard it can be to find parking on a Saturday night. The fact that there was parking right behind the restaurant won my heart!
2. Ambience - The seating inside is intimate, not too dim that you can't see your food and each table has enough privacy
3. Food - Everything we ordered was absolutely amazing we had the stuffed dates, octopus, swordfish tagliatelle and messinessi. Order them all!
Cons:
I took away one star for the cocktails that we were disappointing and a little too pricey.
Overall we had a great time - will definitely be back to try the pizza!My partner and I had a fantastic night out at this restaurant. Great ambiance, lighting, space, etc. The food was delicious and everything was perfectly prepared. Our waiter was knowledgeable and friendly. I've enjoyed dinners at similarly well reviewed spots in Philadelphia (Vernick, Double Knot, Vedge, etc.) and this was my favorite. Highly recommend.This place is fantastic!!!!! The service is beyond anything and the food is so delish!!!! The pasta is sooooo good, the best pasta!!!!I've been wanting to try out WM Mulherin's Sons since it opened.  I've heard rave reviews about the place so I was excited that I finally got to try it out.  The restaurant certainly lived up to the expectations that I had. Absolutely amazing. Couldn't recommend this place enough.If you have not been to Mulherin & Sons, you are missing out on an exquisite dining experience. If you have a wait, spend it at the bar with any of the terrific bartenders and order some pork ribs or one of the fabulous crudos. Absolutely anything on the menu is delicious, including the woodfired pizzas. The staff is attentive, extremely helpful and truly elevates the evening. Certainly our favorite Fishtown jawn.Omg the smell of this place is amazing! Such a weird thing to think, but it's dark and cozy inside and smells like a smoky fire...very comforting and a perfect place to go on a cold rainy night. 
My husband and I started the night off with a cocktail each: I got the Diplomatic Relations and he got a cocktail special the El Dorado. Both were very good, strong, and not too sweet. We enjoyed these without being rushed by our waiter. A+
For dinner we split the Spicy Jawn pizza and 2 of the pasta specials - one was a lamb ragu spaghetti with fig & balsamic, and the other was a short rib ravioli. The pizza was AMAZING and we liked both pastas a lot but the ravioli was a veryyyy small portion. 
We loved our experience here and definitely enjoyed the food and drink. I would recommend it to anyone to try it out but I'm not sure if we'd come back (for dinner anyways). We are all for spending our money on dining out but this was a little too pricy for pasta and pizza.I knew Frankford Ave had come a long way, but Wm Mulherin's Sons far surpassed my expectations for dining outside of Center City. Maybe it's that I've gotten so used to hastily developed indistrial-chic-drywall restaurants, but Wm Mulherin's Sons feels _different_. I was struck by how much attention was paid to restoring the original details of the building, specifically the bold, dark wood paneling and big beautiful first floor windows.
Despite a relatively tame menu, one can't help but feel a distinct "concept" vibe. Maybe it's the seemingly arbitrary name "Wm Mulherin's Sons" or the juxtaposition of being in a fancy, maximalist restaurant while feeling the northbound El rumble by every 7 minutes.
We ordered the asparagus salad, the spicy jawn pizza, and pistachio ravioli special, all of which was executed to near perfection. However, somehow our appetizer came out almost a full five minutes after our (small) pizza and (small) pasta dishes had already been consumed!Dinner was fabulous. A little on the pricey side for Fishtown but a quality meal that has been meticulously prepared and thought out. Service was wonderful, the atmosphere is great, and the crowd is what you would expect at a place like this. Perfect for date night, girls night, parents are in town night. Definitely recommend!This place is so good it will break your brain. Friendly folks and delicious everything. I consider myself a bit of a pizza snob and this place is one of my current favorites. The pasta dishes I've tried have all been top notch too. Go on a date, order too much and split everything. You won't regret it.Yes, the neighborhood is changing.  I had no idea it was changing this much.  Honestly, I didn't think I'd be living here long enough to see places like this start popping up.  I blame the hundred years of neglect visited upon my house for that one.
I definitely didn't expect a restaurant to pop up that decorates their cocktails with a dropper so close to a few empty Arctic Splash boxes under the El.
I like pizza.  Like, a lot.  So much, in fact, upon tasting it, I started ranting about how the crust was a short ferment, and the sauce in the margherita was a little on the bright side, and on and on and on.  I know, shut up.  Their pizza is good.  It really is.  Don't listen to anything I have to say about pizza unless you're the type of person that perks up when someone says "um, actually...."
Their pasta, though.  Wow.  I don't know if I'd rather get pasta here or at Murphs on Girard, which should say a lot.  Perfectly cooked, and the sauce with the rigatoni was really, really fucking good.  In fact, it was so good, that I want that sauce on a pizza, and HEY OWNERS IF YOU'RE READING THIS, SHOUT IF YOU'LL PUT THAT SAUCE ON A PIZZA.One of the best places for dinner in Fishtown, Wm Mulherin's Sons' classic restaurant format is a nice reprieve from the hipster vibe of the neighborhood. I'd recommend a reservation, but if you can get a spot at the bar, you'll get to interact with the fantastic, professional, well-trained bartenders who know what they're doing. The cocktails are excellent (not one but two sherry-based cocktails? Nice.), as is the wine list.
The level of service can't be beat. When a friend and I found ourselves missing a stool (he needed to sit because of an injury, I'm just... lazy), we'd noticed that they seemed to have a strict "No holding seats for other people policy," which led to some confusion. We noted it to the bartenders who got out from behind the bar and took care of us so we could sit. Not the biggest deal, but a small thing they took great effort to resolve.
Foodwise, the pizzas were astonishingly good, done with a light airy crust. I had the egg and speck pizza which I took a photo of and visit from time to time because I miss it so much. We also got some of the ravioli, because the chef is apparently well known for his pastas. Overall, a great place I'll definitely return to in the future.Everytime I tried to get a reservation, there never was one available, but the latest attempt, I put my name on the waitlist and was pleased to get an email a day before dinner stating they had a table. 
It is located on Front St, which was a bit of a hike for me from center city but I think parking was available for free in a lot (I ubered).  We were seated right away and offered drinks.  The waiter knew a lot about wines and I tried the orange wine (one I had never heard of). They let me try it before getting a full glass. They also had a variety of cocktails.  
We started with the brussel sprouts and cauliflower. Both were excellent. I could have made a meal of those alone.  We also had the veggie pizza which was good, but a little onion heavy. The only negative, or let down of the meal was the pasta. It was expensive, only about 10 pieces and wasn't that good.  
Overall, the service was excellent and the food for the most part was delicious.  Took a star away for the pasta price...Probably the best restaurant in Philadelphia. Why? The service is incredible. The wine list is love. The pasta is always al dente. And they have a fireplace. The owners won the game with this place. Casual, fine dining that doesn't feel suburban or poorly designed like the rest of the newer Philly restaurants.Really really excellent atmosphere. The food was amazing. I got the brussel sprouts and Margarita pizza. The quality of the food was really fresh and our waiter was more than attentive. A word to the wise, the food selection is a little unusual, so if you're looking for traditional American cuisine, you might want to look somewhere else.This is my favorite restaurant in Philly.
I've never had a bad drink or plate here. This is the type of restaurant that you order something you usually don't like & they find a way to make it incredible. The cocktail list is always diverse & well thought out. The design & ambiance of the entire place is perfect & service is always great. 
Order the Messinesi, it's one of the greatest pasta dishes I've ever had in my life. We order it every time we're there.Ate here late Sunday night.  Great meal.  Pasta, pizza, octopus, and flank steak.  Drinks were pricey but well made and large.  Service was very good though sort of slow and food came out seemingly at random (pasta was first then octopus small plate then pizza and steak simultaneously) though our server warned us of this.  Other reviewers commented as to the noise level and it was in fact loud.  But the atmosphere was so beautiful it hardly dented the experience.
I would compare the restaurant to Osteria but it's a bit more rustic, with a better cocktail menu, and prettier food presentations.  And the neighborhood is cooler, too.
I feel guilty giving 4 stars rather than 5 but I plan to return and if small service issues are ironed out I will gladly add the last star.  I think the chef deserves it.This is one of the best Italian places I've ever been to. On both occasions when I went, we didn't hold back on the orders, and I almost had to be rolled out of the restaurant!
You can't go wrong ordering anything on the menu, but the favorites were the speck & egg pizza, the messinesi pasta, the porcini cavatelli pasta, and the porterhouse. Their wine selection is also quite incredible!
The wait staff are also incredibly friendly and well versed with the menu. If I could only eat there from now, I would die a happy (and probably very fat) woman!Friends who live in the neighborhood made a reservation for us. With a week notice, they could only get a 10:30 pm slot on a Saturday. We figured if they were willing to wait until 10:30 to eat, it must be worth it.
Oh, man...it was SO worth the wait. We let friends choose the menu, as they were excited to have more guests to share the HUGE porterhouse. I am not a big steak eater, but I was willing to follow their suggestions.
We started with two vegetable dishes--a roasted cauliflower dish and Brussels sprouts. I'm a vegetable lover, and these were delicious. No need to cover the sprouts in bacon, as these were delicious with brown butter and pine nuts. There was also some fresh bread at the table that was excellent.
I skipped the pizza that the others shared. The Spicy Jawn had a lot of pepperoni, hot coppa, and other things I don't enjoy. They loved it. 
Then, the 24-oz, dry-aged porterhouse steak arrived. I didn't bother with the sauce (pesto?) on the side. This meat was incredibly tender and flavorful and delicious even when cooked medium rare. How do they do it? I was amazed. Four of us made short work of it and enjoyed every last morsel.
The potato, goat cheese, and eggplant gratin that came with it was also delicious. I will be dreaming of it and desperately attempting to re-create it at home.
Interesting to note: despite the fact that it is not a cheap meal, we enjoyed appetizers, pizza, and incredible steak plus cocktails and desserts for $65pp. For the quality of food, that was pretty impressive. And if quantity is important to you, I can say that we all walked away quite full.
Easily one of the best meals I've had in years.This is my favorite restaurant in Fishtown, the dry aged porterhouse for two is amazing! The margarita pizza and pasta dishes are always excellent as well!As always terrific food and highly attentive service. My fourth visit and all expectations continue to be met. But I'd like to mention the exceptionally high level of professionalism of the staff. They handled a difficult situation with a large, rowdy group that was disrupting the dining experience of others with grace. They quickly acknowledged the distribution, tried to quiet the group (who were truly loud and foul-mouthed) and then moved us to a different room. It was a Saturday night so I'm sure they were completely booked but they did not put up any resistance to the requests from several different tables to be moved away from the obnoxious, selfish, inconsiderate group.  It was not Mulherin's fault the group was loud and offensive- they were certainly place in a difficult position - but I really appreciate how they handled it.There has been a lot of buzz about this restaurant and it did not disappoint!  The ambiance is rustic and cozy, but it was definitely crowded so don't forget to make a reservation!  We got a bottle of Rose which came highly recommended from our waiter who was very knowledgeable about the menu and also very attentive.  The wine was a perfect match for the food we ordered.  We started with stuffed dates, filled with Gorgonzola, wrapped in speck and with a delicious plum sauce.  Highly recommend.  We heard that the pizzas were hands down best thing on the menu so we opted for two pizzas, the speck and egg (great flavor profile: caramelized onion, egg, speck, potato, fontina) and spicy jawn (not too spicy, basically a fancy pepperoni pizza).  Both were incredible.  Cannot wait to come back and try more things!  It is only a short subway ride from center city which makes it easy to get to!We were in Philadelphia to celebrate New Year's Eve and decided to try this restaurant for brunch. I am so very happy we did! The interior of the restaurant features a lot of dark wood, which I really liked. We were seated in the bar area at a table lining the windows which offered loads of sunlight. There's another room with a hearth that seemed very cozy. We both ordered the Hangar & Egg and I have to say that this dish was delicious! 
I really enjoyed everything, from the decor to the attentive service to the food. I'm looking forward to returning for dinner after  our fantastic brunch.Ugh! I'm so torn!
Spent $160+ for our anniversary dinner:
First the Hamachi Crudo was amazing. The Messinesi was like the conchita pasta my mom made for me as a child. The pizza was pretty good, too. My partner ordered the lamb, and let me just say that I ordered the pizza well after we had ordered the lamb. The lamb took a good 45 minutes to come out. Totally unacceptable, in my opinion, for the kind of restaurant this is.
Finally, the lamb arrived, and our server apologized for the time it took to get to us. I was already done with my food, and I usually wait to eat, but I'm glad I didn't wait too long because otherwise I would've eaten cold food. The server offered us free dessert, and we had the flan, and it was good, but definitely not as good as you can get in Texas. Don't know if that excuses the long wait... kind of seems like a consolation prize at a carnival... but what can you do?
The server was awesome. She was really nice and mostly took care of us... although I will say we ordered another round of drinks and she never brought them.
Food 4/5
Service 4/5
Overall experience 3/5The inside is industrial fabulous, but that's the only good thing I can say about Mulherin's. 
Yes, the parking lot is free but as it only holds 12 cars and you are forced to circle around, parking is difficult.  We had to make our rezzo two months in advance due to their full booking but as we sat down at 7:30 on a Saturday, there were plenty of tables available.  What's that about?  As it got busier, we had to raise our voices to converse.  The din was unpleasant AND THEY LIKE IT LIKE THAT.  But here's what you should know about the value:  the wine is a very short pour of, maybe, five ounces.  We were four people, we got four thin slices of bread.  At the next table were three people.  They got three slices of bread.  MULHERIN'S COUNTS THE BREAD. Hello!!!!! People like bread!  Now this is important:  when an octopus appetizer costs $16, do you expect some octopus on that?  There were two small coated pieces, probably weighing a total of 3 ounces!  The raviolis were the size of a nickel.  Yes, you got eight.  But eight nickels looks like nothing on a plate.  And a golfball--sized scoop of ice cream is $5.  After spending $175 for four people, we left hungry.   If you want to be trendy and leave hungry, then Mulherin's is for you. If you don't want to be gypped, go elsewhere.WOW. I already need to return to this restaurant. My group shared the tuna crudo, hamachi crudo, veal tartare, speck&egg pizza, Bigoli pasta, lamb ragu pasta special, and the lamb steak. Everything was amazing! My favorite dish was the veal tartare which had a mayo base and was absolutely addicting. The pasta was homemade with love. The pizza was delightfully crunchy and chewy. The lamb steak was cooked perfectly but I wasn't a fan of the slightly sweet moroccan spice rub, which is purely personal preference. I will definitely be back soon!First things first; this place is the truth. If you have a reservation (which, c'mon, you will probably need for a prime seating,) then do yourself a favor and arrive early to enjoy the fantastic bar. The setting sun bathes the long, wooden room in warm light that isn't often found in the Philly area. If you were lucky enough to visit Il Pittore before it closed, then you might recognize the cocktails, as the same staff made their way from the Rittenhouse institution to this new Northern Liberties outpost. Anyway - on to the food. 
The menu has the standard small plates, pizzas, pastas and mains. On a date? One small plate, pizza/pasta and main to share will be more than enough for most. On our most recent visit, we enjoyed the fluke crudo - a delightfully light combination of fluke, avocado mousse, diced olive, watermelon and mint. Light on the palate and a perfect start. While we've enjoyed the pizza before, this time around we opted for a pasta, sampling the porcini cavatelli with the addition of shaved black truffles. Don't think about it; when asked for the truffle supplement (a reasonable $10 addition) just say yes. The slightly warmed truffles - shaved table-side nonetheless - perfume the pillowy-soft pasta while not drowning out the base flavors of the dish. Finally, we settled on the suckling pig for our main course. Crisp skin. Moist meat. Sweet peaches. It was a wonderful combination. No dessert tonight, but rest assured we will be back. 
Pros: Bar room. Cocktail program. Service (if you are lucky enough to meet the GM Michael, he is setting a new standard for restaurant service in the city.) Anything cooked in the wood-fired oven.
Cons: Can be tough to find for first-timers (or Uber drivers).Great food! We ordered multiple dishes and shared them as a family. The speck pizza was by far my favorite dishIt feels silly even to write a review on yelp for this place. It's delicious. The service is impeccable. They're excited about the food, knowledgeable, and have a tremendous understanding of how food should taste. This is what a dining experience should be and if you're a foodie, you should go.North Italia meets North Philly (Fishtown)
Rich, buttery, saucey, and everything perfect about North Italian food.  The pizza is top notch (get the Jawn), starters are so filling (goat cheese dates), and pastas, while they call them small, are more than enough.  My rosemary, marrow butter pasta was to die for.  All with amazing service and beautiful ambiance.  This is a Philly hit.I love this place so much and it's such an asset to the Fishtown neighborhood. Great vibes for brunch, dinner or a night cap. Try the Spicy Jawn Pizza, you will not be disappointed.Had such a good dinner tonight! Absolutely delicious food in the most perfect ambiance. I had taken my twin brother and his wife here before, and we loved it. We sat at a great table. Tonight, we sat at the bar and it was even better! Holly took care of us and had the best knowledge about the food and recommendations. Truly spectacular night. This place never disappoints, despite the hype!We had reservations at 5:00, we entered at 4:46 and we were told that, "we aren't ready yet." We ask if we could sit in the vestibule till 5:00, they said no. So we waited in the car till 5:00, while we were aproached by 2 shufflers asking for money. Not a great start. The atmosphere is Urban trendy with hip hop playing in the background, but the food is petite and dandy except for the steak. Weird combo. Also extremely hot, no AC or its broken.
* Homemade sourdough bread to start was so good, but you only get two pieces.
* We started with a mix drink, the Sterling's Redemption, very good.  $12.00 a piece.
* Started with a pizza to split, we had the speck and egg pizza. It was amazing. I believe all of the pizzas would be that good and perfect size. The best deal of the night for the price. $16.00
* Next we had a pasta course to split. Crab ravioli. It was super salty and small. Six tiny ravioli was about 1/8 tsp of crabmeat. You could easily fit all six on one fork. $17.00
* Main courses: Porterhouse for two, in my case for one. It's really not that big, it's a cowboy cut. It's was amazing, great crust and cooked medium rare. Price out of control, $56.00 for a steak. Really!!
My fiancé got the Black Bass, super small again, not even a full fillet, very salty as well, $28.00
Over All: It's a solid 3 stars. Parking lot perfect. Atmosphere a little strange, I like Biggie, but not when I am eating dinner. Attitude of staff was pretty chill, but the hostess was snobby. Portion size, way to small. Price is way to expensive. $169.00 with out tip!!! These prices Capital Grill or Ruth Chris is way better for and cheaper. You will leave hungry, if you don't order the $56.00 steak, and broke.went here on a date night with bae.
drinks:
-i got a four corners. it was sweet but well balanced. cahaca, lemon juice, honey, orange bitters to mark the 4 corners.
appetizer:
-veal tartare: sort of soupy bc of the caesar dressing but still really good
mains:
-crab ravioli with lobster mushrooms on top: good but not great
-lamb ragu: AMAZE.
desserts:
-fig crostata with sorbet on top: rly good. like a very high class mcdonalds apple pie. my bf loved it.
-coffee pot de creme: incredible. nice crunchy toppings (hazelnuts, some kind of popping thing.
the only problem was our bill; we had to ask them to correct it because they had added on a phantom beer.Allow me to start off by saying I was initially turned off by this place because I found out the hard way that you need a reservation to sit at the bar. Which is kind of lame. However, I'm very ecstatic that I went ahead and made a reservation. The servers were all cohesive and attentive. The bartenders were all personable and just as important knowledgeable. In addition they had a thought out and unique cocktail list. Last but not least the cuisine was spot on, the duck was cooked perfectly and the proportions were fair. I only wish they had a prix fixe menu so I could have tried more of their menu.The brunch food here is die to for! The Eggs on Volcano was really good, just a little spicy but nothing overwhelming. And the tomato sauce was full of flavor. The Hanger and Egg is also delicious with the steak cooked perfectly. And I usually don't go for breakfast pizzas.. but the Speck and Egg was amazing! I also appreciated how helpful and knowledgable all of the staff were here.We had one of the pastas, which was delicious. I would go back and try every house-made pasta they serve. But I'm surprised at all the rave reviews on the pizza; it was nowhere near the quality of so many other places around the neighborhood. It may have been how crowded it was (and on a Wednesday too, they're really doing well), but our pizza was limp and soggy in the middle, over-charred on the outer edges. We sent one back, got another that was pretty much the same condition.
I would go back again for more pasta, and to see how the other entrees fare (we were filled with order regret upon seeing some brought out around us), but if you're looking for quality pizza, go to a place that primarily serves pizza. You'll do a lot better.One of the better meals to be had in Philadelphia. It was an early Sunday evening and I was actually thinking about heading over to Parc for treat, but then I started thinking about the cost or hassle of finding a parking spot, and thought I would check out this other place we to once in Fishtown. I couldn't remember the name of the place so I whipped out the old Yelp and checked for restaurants in Fishtown. That's when I found this place instead. I didn't even bother to read the reviews. I just scanned through the photos and saw a couple of things I would like, and more importantly, some things the old wifey would like and hightailed it over to that part of town.
I have to say I was a bit apprehensive, considering that the place showed up as being on Front St. under the El in Fishtown, but the place is beautiful. We got there just after 5:00 PM, opening time and the place was packed by the time we left. Parking in that neighborhood is plentiful and free, but I didn't give them any stars for that. 
They get 5 stars because the place is a beautiful restoration of an old building. The service is fast, attentive and personable. The food is innovative, fresh and well prepared, and most importantly, delicious. I'm always a fan of any place that has fresh sea urchin, and the sea urchin they add to their scallop crisp dish was nice and fresh tasting on a Sunday evening. We tried the veal tartare as well, and that was great too. Then we shared three different pastas. I can't comment on the desserts cause I'm on a strict diet right now. This meal was already my cheat day thing.
I really want to go back. I'll be making reservations in the future because if this place was packed by 6:30 on a Sunday, I can only imagine what it's like on other nights.I booked a birthday party here and given the pre-fixe menu price, food, and overall quality of the restaurant, I thought the party would be a success. However, a lot of things went wrong. 
Timing: I booked it for 9:30PM because that was the only time available and they didn't seat us until 10PM and that's only after we requested for the second time if we can go in yet. The birthday was a dinner for 12 people so there was no where to stand and most of us were either cramped in the walk way or waiting outside in the cold. I thought it was extremely unprofessional as the hostess never even came to check in on us, even after 15 minutes have passed from our original dinner time.
When we finally were seated...
No one greeted us after the hostess sat our group. We waited about 10 minutes before anyone even noticed us to give us water and menus. We had a pre-fixe menu so wasn't sure if the waiter just knew what to order but how come no one even greeted us or offered us water or drinks? 
When dessert came... 
When I originally booked the reservation, I asked if I could bring a cake. The event person mentioned that there will be dessert provided and he will bring something special for the birthday person. I thought to myself, it's Wm Mulherin's so the dessert must be something good so opted not to bring a cake. The dessert finally came and it was a scoop of ice cream with a candle on the bowl. I was highly disappointed. 
Food...
Overall the food was good. The only thing was the steak we ordered came but it was extremely salty. I really like salty food but it was a bit too much for even me. The food was only good to try, but I would highly suggest against any large parties.The best pasta dishes in the area and i love the pizza.  The pizza will travel well for takeout not like some places that i really enjoy to eat in.  The atmosphere is very enjoyable especially the wood fire area.  They use RESY for reservations online which is very user friendly and easy to invite friends with the reservation.  A must go for all the food and the service is perfect.I live locally. 
Good pizza and pasta .... Extremely good!
Pretty Good service too, once you get the vibe... You have to go more than once...
Cocktails are a must... Eating or not...
For a local its a beautiful thing... 
I will be back and continue to commentDo yourself a favor and grab a reservation and a bite here (and brag to your friends that you've been to a top 50 restaurant in the country).  I love the fact that the decor centers around the original elements of the structure.  The overall ambiance is very cozy and quiet enough for a comfortable conversation.  The service was very attentive and friendly, even on a busy Friday night.  The must tries are the pizza, the Capelletti (although all of the pastas I tried were flavorful in their own way), Hamachi Crudo, and something from the grill (I loved the hangar steak).  The octopus is also delicious but needs a dash more salt.  Drinks were strong and the bartender fixed me up a delicious Old Fashioned off menu.  I'm already making plans to return.Jason our waiter made it a lovely experience. He was knowledgeable about their extensive list of gin and the profiles of each. He suggested inverting the pasta as the second course and pizza as the last. So smart! The roasted cauliflower was excellent. I would say the pasta was the least exciting dish. Although delicate, quite small and tasted mostly like the overlying cheese. Usually I'm not a fan of thick crust pizza but the mushroom pizza of the day was really excellent!Excellent dinner but... 
Drinks were well made, nothing super notable here. 
My date and I split the hanger steak, octopus app, and corn ravioli.  
The corn ravioli was from the specials menu, wish I took a picture of it.  I'm imagining the prep is rather simple, possibly just reducing cream of corn, but it was damn good regardless (though portions were small).
Octopus was cooked perfectly and had a bold punch of flavor.  Eaten alone, it's obviously very salty, but with the white beans, it was perfect. 
We opted for the hanger steak this time as we weren't super hungry (as opposed to splitting the aged porterhouse).  It was cooked closer to rare than med- rare but that's fine with me, I personally err on the side of rare when i make steak myself so it's completely forgivable. The outside char was a bit much, more burnt carbon taste than I prefer but it was fine with the mashed black olives.  Overall great dinner, will be backThis place has an amazing menu and cocktail list and a very cool ambiance. The plates are meant to be shared, and are made to order so the resulting experience is a lot like ordering tapas. The dishes come out as they are finished so it's not your traditional dinner. At first I felt weird about this but it ended up fostering a very fun experience with our group sharing from every plate. 
The oxtail agnolotti was quite salty but ultimately very rich and full of beefy flavor. My saffron spaghetti with calamari was very tasty- not overwhelming with saffron but a light touch. Our group also shared the stuffed figs, dates, a cheese plate, veal tartare, the duck breast and the chicken. Aside from the duck being over cooked (which was swiftly replaced with a perfectly cooked one), all of the dishes we tried had interesting and pleasing flavor combinations. 
The service was swift, and each person who brought a plate to our table was very knowledgeable about what we were being served.  You could definitely tell that the servers had tasted each dish, and they were excited to tell us what they liked and why. 
Ultimately it was a wonderful dining experience and I will definitely be going back and would recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for a deliciously satisfying experience.We live outside of Philadelphia near Delaware and do not mind making the drive to dine here!  Over the top - Food/Drinks/Staff/Service.Went for brunch.  It's a beautiful space with great service, solid food, but prices are a bit on the high side, especially for the area.  However, the restaurant was pretty full, so I guess that the price is right.  I had a spicy pizza, and while not the best in the city, I'd definitely have it here again.  The wood burning oven creates a crispy crust, but the crust has more flavor at strictly pizza only places like nomad and spuntino. It lacks a bit of complexity, but like I said, it's still very good.  Jenn had a frittata with truffle burrata. It was excellent, but priced at about 50% more than other brunch spots.  I'll be back to check out their dinner.  I have friends that rave about it, and brunch was good enough to warrant another visit.Mulherin's is a bustling Italian restaurant in the heart of Fishtown. The decor is industrial & warm with dark woods and lots of daylight. They also do have outdoor seating in the summer which is an added bonus & great option if you are looking for a more private/romantic evening. The service is polished, friendly and eager to please. The food itself is well prepared, flavorful and just about every bite more delicious than the last. Overall this is a great place for a fun evening out with friends or someone special if your willing to travel into Fishtown.Sigh. Expecting an eye rolling experience and it was just good.  You may think why only 3 stars?  Well, if you spend 200 dollars for 2 you want eye roll.  In short, Brussels sprouts were just ok, octopus was good but portion scarce, double margarita pizza VERY good but could use more cheese, pasta dish Fontina and Tag cheese was dense but ok, Veal cheeks was somewhat tasty and hanger steak was just really good.  We passed on dessert so maybe we missed out.  I did like the eclectic beer selection.  Service was excellent, the tall dude with brown hair and cool glasses did his part well.  For full disclosure i rated Vernicks just ok too so maybe I'm just picky.  Nah, I have experienced the eye rolling experience elsewhere.I love love this place. A relatively new addition to Philly and it was my second time there. Every single dish i have tried, all we're good. Just simply delicious. Spicy Jawn is a great pizza with explosive flavors. The speck & egg pizza was good even for another meal (breakfast) - really a perfect breakfast pizza! Nevertheless, other entrees (pork shank, lamb steak, maccheroni) were great as well. I can't wait until I come back to try more of the menu!
The waiter we had both times were knowledgeable and very helpful. He systematically laid out the menu and explained in such clear details that I could imagine the food before seeing it!! Come here!!
-keep eatin.Spicy jawn pizza and nutella french toast was enough for two of us ($30).  Pizza tasted good (sharp provolone, meat, and spicy so can't really go wrong), but it got soggy because it was thin and sauce was pretty wet.  Admittedly, we let the french toast sit while we finished the pizza, so that might be why the french toast also ended up soggy.  Also, the french toast should come with another slice for the price because the bread was pretty thin.Went here as requested by my boyfriend for his birthday dinner.  We got there about 10 minutes late, the hostess was very accommodating about it and I really appreciated that.
We sat in the back of the restaurant, towards the corner.  The first thing I noticed is that the amount of tables the squeezed in reminded me of Cheesecake Factory, where you feel like you are kind of intruding on someone else's dinner.  A gentleman at the booth/table combo in the corner had his actual back against the edge of our table.  Our server was nice, did a great job explaining the menu.  Everything is meant to be shared.  It would be beneficial to have a menu with the specials, there are so many that you immediately forget what was said. 
The meal was great-we had the pork ribs, margherita pizza, and the porterhouse for 2. The food was exceptional and I would return for sure to try more.
A few gripes:  like others have stated, it was hotter than hell in there.  Everyone, and I mean everyone, was fanning themselves with menus or complaining of the heat.  The servers were visibly sweating.   It was uncomfortable.  We also were told that the kitchen might not be able to accommodate me asking for just burrata cheese instead of mozz on the pizza.  That was weird, since they make a big deal about food being fresh.  They did it but it took a few tries in asking as well as an explanation as to why I was requesting.well well well~ first, let me say that i held relatively high expectations when i came here.  possibly b/c it reminded me so much of locanda verde in tribeca, ny~ but for sure, the 2 are VERY different especially when it comes to the food.
SO. let me begin by telling you that the place is beautifully decorated! absolutely love what they've done with the space~ super charming!
now here's what we ordered:
Grilled octopus
Egg noodle pasta with mushrooms and fava beans in truffle butter
Spicy jawn pizza
Lamb ragu square pasta with olives
yes, everything was delicious! BUT i found the first 2 dishes to be too salty! a tad disappointed that such glowing reviews everywhere but these dishes made the most elementary mistake... in addition, the flavors for the octopus and truffle butter pasta didn't wow me.. they were good but i also think i could have grabbed that elsewhere.
the spicy jawn pizza... if you're a spice fan, this is a must for you! i'm not a huge pizza fan, but this was very delicious! meat in every bite and the jalapeno REALLY can start a fire on your pallet.  i had only one bite with it and had to remove the rest of the green stuff on the other slices i had haha  
the lamb ragu, which we tasted last, really redeemed the whole culinary experience.  this was spot on! rich lamb flavor but not overbearing.  the olives were a fine complementary touch.  i think Wm Mulherin's Sons's talent and potential really shine through with this dish (and the spicy jawn).  As a new representative of philly's culinary scene, they are certainly elevating the benchmark.  while truffle is delicious in everything, their truffle egg noodle becomes just another sheep in the herd of truffle cuisine.  
just FYI! really cool offer at WMS though: they have shaved truffle that you can add to ANY dish for just $10.  so  you can easily turn any pizza into a truffle galore pizza~ 
other than the above, i really enjoyed my dining experience at WMS! the menu is pricey~ but i am definitely looking to return to try their leslie chow pizza!Fishtown is really getting revitalized. This great place has been open a little under a year and the delicious food and stellar service have me wanting to go back and try dinner now that we have been for brunch. We arrived early and was told our table was ready if we would like to sit. The front room with the bar wasn't too hot even though the two dining rooms had a fireplace and a large oven. We shared three pastas and pizzas plus a few starters and a hanger steak among six people and everyone was pretty stuffed at the end. Only the ravioli and the mixto were on the smaller side, everything else was a reasonable portion. Very accommodating and cordial, beautifully paced, knowledgeable waitstaff. I just can't say enough. There wasn't a single dish we disliked. Highly recommended! Only complaint was their parking lot seemed off limits due to some confusing signage. We parked in the pay lot half a block down.The best service I have had in several years. We arrived around 7 on a Wednesday night. The wait, the hostess said, would be around 40 minutes. We had time to kill and they served cocktails as you waited, so no big deal. To our surprise, we were called to sit at the bar after maybe 15 minutes! Unfortunately, there was some confusion and they did not mean to seat us. Not really a problem because we hadn't been waiting long at all. To our surprise, they comped our first round! We were seated probably within 20 minutes after that, this time at a table for two in the dining room. The waitress was very friendly and very understanding that we would only be ordering some more drinks and small plates to share. When it came time to order drinks, my friend wanted wine. She was between two different wines and the waiter was very knowledgeable. To our surprise, he came back with both bottles and had her blind taste both to see which she liked best! What a nice touch. Our food was also served quickly and the rest of the experience was quite pleasant.
Now to discuss the food! Our first two cocktails were quite good. Mine was a brandy (weird, I know) and apple shrub. But it was complex and not overly sweet or sour. A very drinkable cocktail. After being seated, I had an IPA, quite good, if nothing remarkable. We ordered the Brussels sprouts which were quite small but quite tender and delicious with good textural contrast provided by the bread crumbs. After that, we had a cheese plate. All the cheeses were unique in their own way (including a very interesting Buffalo milk Brie style cheese) with good pairings and excellent bread.
Definitely would go again.Everything about our dinner was 5 star. Food was amazing. We started with hamachi crudu and the octopus. Had the goat meat ragu pasta and Vincenzo pizza. Dessert was coffee pot de creme and cheesecake. All so delicious, pasta dish was to die for. Service was impeccable. Cocktails creative and delicious.My boyfriend and I came here for my birthday dinner on a Friday night. Gorgeous interior, first of all, and beautiful lighting. I love that they have you order from the entire menu at once and they bring out each dish one by one. It feels more like course dining and the pacing was just very well done! They wiped our table after each dish was taken away which was lovely, and our waitress was super friendly. 
The stuffed dates were a little odd, but my boyfriend loved them (I just wasn't crazy about the gorgonzola). The pork ribs were INCREDIBLE, they came with a delicious sauce that we spooned over the ribs, super tender and flavorful. We had the messinesi pasta-delicious-and one of their specials, tagliatelle with porterhouse ragu, which was incredibly good. The speck and egg and spicy jawn pizzas were delicious and even better as leftovers. 
Two desserts we ordered were this coffee chocolate hazelnut mousse/custard thing in a cup which was blissful, super smooth, with crisp hazelnut, and the olive oil cake, which was lovely and light. They also served delicious, strong earl grey tea. Will definitely go back to this place!We just had an amazing Sunday brunch ! Food, wine, service, all off the chart ! Highly recommendedThis place is amazing. Food on fleek. Literally just went to get a tattoo of the spicy jawn on my upper thigh.Everything from the laid back feel, the lack of heat lamps(good thing), and offerings make this a unique restaurant. Everything should be split so depending on how hungry you are, two people could split 2-3 of their pizzas, pastas, small plates, or entrees. Delicious wine choices and the pork chop special was the best pork I've ever eaten. Will be returning once we try a few more places on our radar.Great service, they do not stop until everything is perfect and in order. Ordered the double margherita pizza and half brick chicken, both very good choices.It doesn't get better than the breakfast served here. Maybe, just maybe, some other places beat it because of variety BUT definitely not on taste or uniqueness. The spicy jawn, are hanger steak and eggs what you get here.What a disappointing experience. 
I just came here for dinner  (2/23) to celebrate a very special milestone. While the food was adequate, the service was very poor. 
From the time we were seated until the time we got our food was about 50 minutes, which seems like a very long time, though they were a bit busy this evening. 
The most disappointing part was that the poor service had little to do with the kitchen. We spent 10 minutes waiting to be acknowledged by the waiter, received our pizza well in advance of the appetizers, and spent at least 10 minutes waiting for our check to be picked up from the waiter. 
A member of our party got up to speak to the manager about the bad service. After speaking with the manager, the manager returned to the table to give us back our paid check, yet he  failing to apologize to the rest of the party for the inadequate service. In this instance, a simple "Gentlemen, I'm so sorry for the delay this evening, I hope you'll give us another chance" really would've gone a long way. 
Overall a highly subpar experience. Definately would not recommend.Very loud and very tight quarters for the 2 tops. Got 2 snacks and the duck and halibut. They were good but by no means we're either of us blown away or that impressed. The best part was probably the homemade sourdough bread and they only spared 2 small pieces. As we were taking in other table's orders it was clear that pizza was the way to go. Most tables stuck with the pizza and pasta. Unlike us, they probably didn't leave there feeling ripped off. Can't see myself returning any time soon.This place was phenomenal. Had a reservation but because the party ahead of us was slow we waited for maybe 10-15 minutes for our table. Everything we had was great from pasta to pizza to salads and cocktails. They even comped us a pizza because we had to wait. Excellent service, great food, what more could you want.best experience I have had in some time.  We have been a number of times and each experience was as good as the first.  All the food is excellent; however, I would recommenced to try multiple pizza's and pastas vs. the proteins.  All are great, but the pastas/pizza, service, and cocktails are what keep us coming back so frequently.Went in on Friday with high hopes. Sat at the bar as they were running behind and we each had 2 drinks which were great! Bartender was super knowledgable. We then sat and ordered food and I got the speck and egg pizza. When I asked what was on it the waitress said egg and potato which sounded delicious. However when the food came out, I discovered speck is pork (which I don't eat).  When I told the waitress I didn't know there was pork on the pizza, she rudely said "it SAYS speck". Yes I can read but have never heard pork belly referred to that way, and I went to culinary school,I've worked in this business I know a lot of terminology. Overall left less than impressed. It's too new of a place for them to be rude to guests. Especially guests who would have given a great tip and live in the neighborhood.I was skeptical at first, but this is amazing! It used to be the cat house when i was a kid...lol. but THE BEST food and company! Dont miss an outing here! New spot!There is a lot to like about Wm Mulherin's Sons. Located in a former distillery, the space is beautifully decorated, though quite drafty on cold nights, and with a lot of hardwood surfaces and young, large groups, it can get very, very loud. The place is ridiculously popular - you basically must have a reservation, and even with a reservation, you can expect to wait at least another 15 minutes - and with good reason.
The speck and egg pizza is just amazing. Its crust is chewy with a bit of crunch and a winning flavor and texture combination of bacon, the gooey yolk, and caramelized onion. Each time I've been back, I tell myself I'll try a new pizza (there are so many other delicious-sounding options) - but the speck and egg is just so good! The octopus and the suckling pig are other standouts - the octopus has a lovely smokey flavor and the pistachio pesto is delicious, while the suckling pig is incredibly tender and flavorful. 
The pastas have been a bit hit-and-miss - the first time I went, we ordered a special truffled fava bean pasta dish which had no truffle flavor - and was a bit bland in general. We've also tried the pappardalle and spaghetti all'amatriciana, both of which were tasty but not memorable. Our favorite pasta by far is the messinesi, with its lovely combination of savory sausage and creamy ricotta spread served on the side.
Service is also a bit uneven. Some servers are extremely personable, knowledgable about the menu, and willing to make fantastic suggestions, while others seem like they really don't want to work there. There also seems to be an issue with timing in general, perhaps because the food comes out of two separate kitchens - the last time we went, there was a huge break between the arrival of one appetizer and the other, which clearly threw off the timing of the rest of our meal, resulting in two entrees out of three arriving lukewarm.
The drinks are very good (and very strong!), expertly mixed with some unexpected combinations. Desserts are also fairly good as well - though again a timing issue last time caused our ice cream (accompanying a lovely slice of pine nut loaf) to arrive at the table half-melted. Overall, the restaurant has a great atmosphere, the food and drinks are delicious, and really, the pizza alone is enough to keep me coming back. Given how difficult it is to score a reservation, I'm not sure when that day will be...but I can say with certainty I'm looking forward to it.What a gem, visited with my 12-year old in November and everything was perfect - from the cocktails and wine, to the appetizers, to the pasta and pizza. Delicious!  The service was impeccable and the atmosphere just right. Cannot wait for the next Philly trip!I went for my birthday because we enjoyed Il pittore and there has been a ton of amazing press. The place is beautiful!  We each ordered a cocktail which were both very good. We ordered the stuffed dates (good), the hamachi (not well balanced because it was over salted but good), then the speck and egg pizza was great!  We added the truffles and it was a very generous portion. Then came the pasta dishes. We ordered the one with sausage and my husband really enjoyed it but I don't care for fennel. The crab ravioli was for me and I was so excited but then SO disappointed. It was inedible. The crab was bad. Like spoiled. It was so fishy. Our stomachs hurt after we attempted to eat it. I told the server and her response was very cold. I work in the business. I know how it's supposed to go. If something gets sent back a manager immediately gets involved. She took it off the check but the rest of the meal was ruined because she bordered on rude. We finished the meal with pound cake dessert. It was pound cake... And vanilla ice cream.... And that's it. Nothing else to set it apart from what we could get at the grocery store. Overall, not great. Very disappointing. Will not go back. We can go to pizzeria vetri or bufad for pizza equally as good.This place lived up to the hype! My husband and I live In the neighborhood so we have been looking forward to eating here.  We did not have reservations but were able to snag a table for 2 on the sidewalk.  We have the cauliflower to start- it was so delicious it was gone in a minute. We shared  the double Margherita pizza and the pasta with sausage ragu.  It's hard to be overwhelmed by pizza and pasta but we were! We did not have a single bite of food or smear of sauce left over.Lovely food and drinks. It's a little over priced. Design is beautiful inside but the waitstaff don't know how to maneuver in the flawed area that doubles as the restroom hallway and servers' checked-shirt runway.This place has easily made it's way up to being one of my top ten restaurants in Philadelphia. 
Food: Excellent! Listing some of the dishes we got, enjoyed all of it. Pizza is the winner though. Most for your bucks.
-Speck and Egg Pizza (One of the best oven brick pizzas I've had, crust is on point)
-Pappardelle Pasta
-Cappelletti Pasta
-Octopus (Could have passed on this one. Very good but it's the same price as a the pizza and we felt like pizza was more bang for buck)
-Veal Cheek (Absolutely tender and melts in your mouth)
-Fig Tart with ice cream
Service: Our server was very nice even though she did forget our bread until we mentioned it but not a big deal. Also, the hostess did not greet me when I walked in. Stared at me and then proceeded to help someone who came after me. It was only until I believe it was a manager who asked me if I was being helped. His service made up for it.
Decor: Lovely
Definitely recommend!This place is really nice. Their cuisine style is a mix of old italian flavor with a contemporary touch, and it works! We tried few appetizers and few pasta dishes, and enjoyed all. The pizza is also really good.
I'll be back in Philly next week and I'll go back to try more items on their menu.
The only reason I wont give 5 stars is because I asked to add artichokes on the pizza and they refused to do so. I understand keeping the menu as is so customers can try your creations, but adding artichokes to the Margerita pizza I don't think is an extravagant request that could not be granted. It's not like I asked for an Hawaiian pizza or some like that! Very disappointed there!This place lives up to the hype.  Went alone at 6pm on a snowy Saturday evening thinking it would be empty but the place was packed.  The ambience is dark and beautiful, staff are friendly and knowledgeable about the food, and they made solo-dining a pleasure.  The hanger steak is incredible! The pastas and pizzas also looked delicious.went with some friends and i had not even heard of the place.
The best truffle pasta i have ever tasted in my life
Starters were all good.
Exceptional service and nice ambiance.
Will be back to this restaurant.Staff is super knowledgeable -- food amazing & this is one of my new favorite places.  Great wine listHad a great experience start to finish. The restaurant was extremely accommodating with our parties requests. Every staff member was friendly and very knowledgeable about the menu. I went with 3 other friends and shared a good portion of the meal. Everything we ate was well prepared and tasted amazing. I highly recommend this place for its staff, ambience, & most importantly it's food (free onsite parking is the cherry on top)I'd heard great things about Wm Mulherin and was not disappointed. Very enjoyable dining experience. Staff was wonderful and definitely took pride in their work. 
The restaurant itself is really cool. They have a beautiful bar area including some nice chairs and couches to enjoy cocktails in case part of your party is running late. 
For dinner: Shared several dishes with my party and we loved everything. My photos give you an idea of what the dishes look like but we ordered Homemade sourdough bread; roasted brussels sprouts with brown sugar, burrata, pinenut and bread crumbs; grilled octopus with cannelloni beans; capatelli pasta with potato and fontina; spaghetti with beef ragu; Leslie Chow pizza (winner of the night); double margherita pizza. 
The pizzas are really stand out. 
Full bar with some more unique beer choices especially for out of towners. Pricey but worth it for a splurge meal.I've heard good things about the food here so I was excited for our dinner here. The space itself was beautiful with the exposed brick and fireplace area (where you can actually sit and have your meal around). We were a bit early for our 7pm reservation but we were seated right away. We started with the roasted cauliflower that were surprisingly flavorful and the short ribs that were AMAZING. I've never had short ribs as juicy, tender and flavorful before. For our entrees we had the egg and speck pizza and one of the night's pasta special, an egg noodle with favre beans, mushrooms and parmesan and truffle butter sauce. The pasta was delicious and had a lot of subtle nuanced flavors. As for the pizza, I'm a huge fan of anything with eggs, but we had to google what speck was before we ordered it. After we had it, we were googling where we can buy it ourselves! It's similar to bacon but sweeter. We ended with the pinenut pound cake that came with vanilla ice cream, which was also delicious. My only complaint was the noise level, it was hard to hear with the surrounding conversations and the el train passing overhead every once in a while, but I chalked it up as part of its charm. Nevertheless, I've already recommended this place to 3 other people since I've been there 2 days ago! And I will definitely be returning!A beautiful restaurant tucked away beneath the rail. Inside feels nice and cozy with the fireplace burning and low lighting. I had the double margarita pizza, which was one of the best pizzas I've had! It was so good that my fiancé went back a few days later because we were craving that cheesy goodness. Try to get a reservation if you can, because the wait can be a little long during popular times.One of the best meals I have ever had! And the staff were so nice and knowledgeable, and made my birthday really special. By far my favorite restaurant in Philly!People seem to love this place- my fam included. IDK, it was good, no major mishaps, but can't say it blew me away. Service was fantastic- from the Superman look-alike who brought us drinks while we waited, to the sweet server who kept water filled and cleared plates efficiently without making us feel rushed. The menu was full of tasty options perfect for sharing (my fave way to dine), just can't say anything blew me away.
BEV
*We arrived early to have a pre-dinner drink, but space is limited so we ended up standing. I didn't love the ones B or mom ordered, so went with an off-script negroni. The bartender recommended a fab new gin, Letherbee, out of Chicago. Would def seek it out again.
*The som was super knowledgeable, describing 3-4 bottles of wines based on our taste/price range. We all loved the one he suggested.
SMALL PLATES
*Stuffed squash blossom- special- stuffed with cheese and fried. Pretty good, though admittedly I'm not a fried squash blossom fan in general.
*Roasted cauliflower- generous portion and very tasty. The slightly salty olive and almond puree was a nice contrast for the sweet raisins
*Tomato salad- pretty basic, what you'd expect
*Eggplant- cast iron skilled filled with chunks of eggplant in a tomato sauce topped with gooey cheese. IDK, it was all things I loved and served nice and hot, but didn't blow me away. Wish it had a bit more spice to the sauce.
PIZZA
*Leslie Chow- really rich with mushrooms, plenty of taleggio cheese, and shredded radicchio that didn't really have much flavor (wish it would've been grilled up). Needed a bit of salt for me, but not bad.
*Speck and Egg- topped w/ sliced potato, gooey egg, crumbles of speck, and carmelized onion that added a nice sweetness. Fine, but needed a bit of salt and crushed red. 
PASTA
*Corzetti- new noodle for me- these small round, flat disks were topped with shredded goat meat. Didn't love this and didn't notice any mint
*Bigoli- thick, round, al dente squid ink noodles with a bit of baby octopus and some tomatoes. OK, but didn't love. 
*Cappelletti- this was my fave of the night- tiny noodle bundles with just a bit of ricotta filling served in a light sauce with garlic scapes
*Porcini cavatelli- pretty little noodles with mushrooms and rich cheese sauce. Reminded me a lot of the mushroom pizza in flavor
GRILL
*Hanger steak- I didn't try the steak, but the slices of potato were good. I stole some of the black olive tapenade that came with it to add to the pizza.
Overall, food was ok, but not a place I'd come back to anytime soon. Glad I was with a group since I was able to try a bite of a lot of things. And for me, that was enough. Not many dishes that I wanted more of.As a avid pseudo-fishtowner, I've always passed by mulherins but the bouchée interior intimidated me.
However, when my friend told me about their more affordable brunch menu selection, I decided to try it out. Let me tell you, I was sooooo hooked.
Right off the bat, the 80s cigar lounge ambiance made me feel very sophisticated. The food itself was very Devine. 
The three of us ordered 3 different dishes, however the most notable ones were the hanger & egg, spec & egg.
1. Hanger & egg: perfectly cooked steak that melted in your mouth with a side of freshly fried potatoes with caramelized onions and easy over cooked eggs. 4.8/5 stars
2. Spec & Egg: Breakfast pizza that perfectly cooked with fresh ingredients. I'm not a big dough person but I cleared this pizza without any hesitation. 5/5
Please don't be intimidated by the restraint because the servers are all so very knowledgeable & kind hearted who serves delicious food!My wife and I dined here 12/15/17 based on recommendations in Bon Appetit magazine.  Had the Hamachi Crudo small plate (sashimi in an Italian restaurant?), the Tortelloni and Agnolottie del Plin for pastas, and shared the Veal Cheek for main course.  Flourless Chocolate Cake for dessert.  Every dish was outstanding in quality and presentation.  The pasta was handmade, and the Veal Cheeks were oh so tender.  The service was calm and professional.  Each plate was brought from the kitchen by a different server who took the time to explain the dish to us.  We could tell they take great pride in their dishes and work.  All around great dining experience, and we will be back when in Philly!This is a great space with well prepared food and cocktails. The Neapolitan pizza dough is just right. The stuffed dates, crudo and pasta were all delicious. Definitely a wonderful addition to Fishtown/Old Kensington. Could not be more happy with the use of a special building which has languished for decades.This is the se to where I live so I have been many times. The decor is flawless and the food delicious but the service bothers me every time I go, never more than tonight. As a person with years if waiting table experience, including in nyc, i want a relaxed, non-forced dining experience where the waiter is concerned about my experience, not their own...each time it's been forced, awkward, pushy, and lacking the kind of service and natural expertise I expect from a restaurant that is supposed to be one of Philly's best. I feel like they hire people without experi nice and train them in a way that makes them uncomfortable. Tonight we got all that plus a sour attitude when we wanted to linger though there were empty tables. We changed our mind and decided to have another drink, out waitress got passive aggressive and irritated...acted more like what I'd expect from Applebee's than a finish establishment. And the upselling ! Another totally unclassy move...let people spend a lot or a little and treat them all the same...it will make me hesitant to go back, and cheapens the overall view of the place for me though everything else is wonderful.This restaurant serves small plates as is becoming something of a standard in new places. The problem with this is that there are many chances for misses. The cheese platter was great , and the fall pizza exceptional but the Brussels  sprouts were salty and the pasta very small portions despite small plates . The neighborhood is changing for the better and this is a good additionOn the expensive side but worth it. Went here after the place had just opened up and the place was packed by 530. Got a seat at the bar which was fun. The restaurant is beautifully and ornately decorated making for an awesome atmosphere. In the winter there is a fireplace going. I got a really nice glass of wine and the bartender was very knowledgeable. He gave me recommendations and let me try two or three wines until I found one that I liked. We shared a charcuterie board which was really good and well portioned for the price. We then also shared the beet salad which was good along with a pizza which was delicious. Will definitely go back again.It feels like Wm Mulherin's Sons has been around for longer than it has, but apparently it's only been a couple of years. In any case, it's shown up on a number of "best" lists, and I prevailed on my parents to check it out with me on this visit back to Philly. So off we went. It's a little out of the way (toward the northern border of Fishtown) if you're coming in from the 'burbs, but it actually has its own parking lot (despite what you may be told, you can enter from Front Street), which is super convenient. In we went, and we were immediately greeted and shown to our table. There's a busy bar area (with tables) up front, and then a dining room that's still energetic but not quite as frenetic as the bar. We were given a table in the dining room in a perfect spot for my mom to be able to get in and out, and right by a glazed window through which you could see the blurred streaks of the Market-Frankford line (I assume) passing by. The room itself is lovely and comfortable, with a rustic but elegant vibe to it.
Our server was excellent, taking the time to explain the menu setup to us, and then, together with the rest of their service team, taking good care of us throughout. In fact, they so effortlessly would sneak serving utensils to the table that it started to feel like a magic trick--I began looking out to figure out when they were doing it. But of course, the food's the thing...and an excellent thing it is here.
We started with a beet salad, which came with apple, orange and hazelnut--fantastic--and octopus with cannellini beans--again, delicious and incredibly tender.  I'd been dying to share a pizza (I have to watch my carbs, so having one myself is a bit much), and we selected the lamb and artichoke pizza, which included lamb merguez sausage, artichoke, tomato, mozzarella and the perfect hint of mint (it's 6 slices, perfect to divide among 3 people). Comfort food in the best possible way. Next up was the tortelloni with rabbit, mortadella and pistachio. If you're expecting a heaping serving of pasta, this isn't it--it's still in the small plates realm--but the flavor and texture were on point. We followed up with the veal cheeks with ramps and a pea puree. This was a "large" plate, and a superb one at that. The veal cheeks were super tender, the pea puree was delicious, and I love ramps, that elusive member of the onion family that doesn't show up on plates too often.
At this point, I was still feeling like I wanted a little something more before dessert, so we doubled back for their crudo of the day, which was a tuna tartare and came with avocado and olives and was also excellent. We were now ready for dessert, which included an olive oil cake (with meringue and, if memory serves, orange) and a dark chocolate cake with amaretto ice cream. Both were good--particularly the dark chocolate cake--but I'd love to have seen the olive oil cake be more moist. However, based on the savory dishes, the service and ambiance, even if the desserts weren't blowing me away, this is a five-star experience, and I'd absolutely come back. In fact, I've told a friend about this place already.Delicious food! Awesome menu! Lovely staff! I highly recommend the asparagus salad, roasted cauliflower, and their pasta special with mushrooms and truffles. So good!!Me and my friend had an excellent experience here. However, the pizza was the star of the show. We got the Pumpkin Pizza that was topped with butternut squash, gorgonzola, and truffle burrata and it was one of the best things I've ever eaten. The pastas were a close second, as they were delicate and rich, but I would strongly recommend that if you come here and eat nothing else - try a pizza. The service was also on point. Attentive, but didn't feel like you were being smothered. All in all, this was a very positive dining experience and the price was on par with most other meals of this quaAmbience is incredible. Food is just ok for the prices (and insanely salty). Some dishes better than others. I left thinking .. Why didn't I just go to Vernick? It's cost the same .. But was no where near as good. I think this place is a little inflated. Service was weird.waited a few weeks to go,worth the wait!!!!!!!Mullherns is a must go if your a foodie who also enjoys a knocked out place.we went @ 9pm on a Tuesday & although busy were seated immediately.the cabarnet suggested by our knowledgeable server was first rate.the apps{2} were top shelf,must have the pork bellies,,,,i had an exquisite veal dish & my wife a superb pasta entre.we will be back often.congrats to the owner\chef for a great spot.
J.R.& JoanieI had the best steak I have ever eaten in my life (to date) here during a brunch meal.An ambitious dining destination in gentrifying Fishtown, although its location under the Frankford El makes it impossible to forget where you are. Even with a reservation, my wife and I had to wait about 15 minutes for our table, which was mildly annoying. But once seated, all was forgiven. We started with brussels sprouts, which were crisped to great effect, and pork ribs that were fall-off-the-bone tender. The house-made sourdough bread was superb, light with a great crust and a hint of salt. Our server was knowledgeable about the wines and beers on offer, and she steered us to a bone-dry riesling that was perfect. The ravioli with sweet potato, brown butter, and raisins was rich and sweet. We also enjoyed one of the evening's specials, a pasta with tuna and capers.
The place is fairly noisy, in a convivial way. Service was attentive and prompt. Prices were fair for the quality -- we ended up spending about $50 per person, including wine and tip. Looking forward to our next visit.Beautiful setting and amazing food sets this up as the perfect brunch spot. The inside is airy, bright, with a wood / rustic aesthetic to swoon over about.
Highly, highly recommend the speck and egg pizza! So delicious with the salty speck bits and runny yolk. The frittata was also very good; it has just the right hint of truffle without it being overpowering. The only thing that I've tried that was mediocre was the shakshuka. The pizza and one other entree will fill two people right up, with leftovers to spare!This restaurant is trying to embrace the local/seasonal/new cuisine movement but sadly misses the mark. The sourdough bread tasted sour in a way that told me the starter was off. The pizza tasted charred - props for using a hot, possibly brick oven - but we shouldn't be tasting said oven so overtly. The steak and potatoes were oversalted to the point that my partner called it "abrasive." It's hard to get this kind of cooking right  - but you have to go all in once you commit to it.Excellent taste experience from the expertly prepared drinks to the food which constantly leaves you in awe because you won't believe how good everything tastes! Super service. Extremely professional! Wonderful decor. Make a reservation because they were booked. Fun to watch the drinks being made and dine at the bar if no table is available!Came with a friend for brunch. We got parking as soon as we drove up. Very lucky. After we got to the hostess station, they were able to accommodate us for two people. That was beyond lucky.
I ordered the Grits or polenta dish. This was a spicy tomato sauce Grits with an egg on top. The description was way more appealing. Hold that thought. As the dish arrived, it was hot from the oven. Slightly spicy, tangy and ascetic in flavor. Mushroom and a poached egg.
Did I like my dish? It was just ok. Tomato sauce over Grits was not my for Tay. I had high hopes for this dish to be excellent.
Service was good. My friends over was steak. It was actually good. I liked it. Too bad for my dish.It should not take over 2 hours to do brunch.  Trying to get a reservation is a pain and service is very very slow. The place looks great and food is good so for that they get 3 stars.Holy brunch. Their flank steak and over easy eggs with potatoes is quite literally the best brunch I've had, anywhere in the country. Cocktail I had (some espresso drink) was excellent as well. Service was good, but not amazing. My meal came out a solid 15 minutes before my wife's. The server comped is a free croissant for the wait. Things happen. Didn't make a fuss prior to this gesture either. Will come Back several times. Can't wait to try the rest of the menuBrilliant food, fabulous space and smart staff. Tucked away under the train tracks this shit is AMAZING. From the door the experience was phenomenal. Independent parking lot, old feel building with modern accents this place does not disappoint nor break pockets. Lighting was dim but that was in keeping with the intimate theme (especially since I went on Valentine's Day). Couldn't get any good food pics because of this but the steak was done to perfection, the octopus was seasoned the best I've ever tasted and the pasta tasted like it was made from start to finish in the kitchen rather than unfrozen. They boast two different kitchens so your food does come out as it is ready but it makes for an interesting ride. The portions are small (for everything not your main course) but the staff does a good deal of advising so that you are not surprised. The only drink I had was the 100 yr old cigar (I think). It had a sweet/smokey flavor and was $14 and small but the blend of scotch and a little absinthe makes it worth every penny. Bill was just over $100 with 2 small plates, pizza, pasta and one entree plus liquor. Treat yourself, I'll be doing it again very soon.We have been customers at Mulherin's since day 1, literally. We had always touted it as our favorite restaurant in the neighborhood and dined there at least once a week. Unfortunately, we have noted a significant and steady decline in service. 
Sitting at the bar USED to be a pleasure and was our "go-to" spot. The bar tenders were attentive, polite, and knowledgable. On MULTIPLE occasions now, after being escorted to the bar by the hostess, the bar tender just looked at us and said, rudely, "have you checked in with the hostess??" I understand that it isn't open seating and they need to confirm that the patron was, indeed, given the spot by the hostess, but I would just prefer that they maybe start with a "good evening." This may seem nit picky, but I expect employees to be polite at a nice restaurant.
We have also noted downright poor service by the servers, too. Don't get me wrong, there are a couple servers who have been there a long time and are fantastic, but it seems like we encounter a new server every week and, unfortunately, some of them seem like they have almost NO experience. Listen, I worked in the service industry from age 13 - from corner delis and pizza places in NY to fine restaurants in northern Italy. I know that you need to start somewhere, but that somewhere really shouldn't be at restaurant like Mulherin's on a Friday night. 
Dear Mulherin Managment, 
You have great food, space, location. Please don't let your service continue to decline. Good service is what sets restaurants apart in a city with so many good options for dining out. Remember, Root and Suraya are just around the corner from you guys...
Sincerely, 
Your disillusioned regularFirst, you should go for the food. Wide variety of Italian selections that are served with the intent for you to share; allowing you to get a good sampling of the menu. 
While the food is what you will go for, what will get you to come back is the customer service. Absolutely incredible, I've never received better customer service. Water glasses were never empty, dirty plates were removed immediately, and the wait staff was very knowledgeable. 
Management was very active throughout the restaurant and kept an eye out for each table. One of our entrees came a few minutes later than the others, which was not a big deal because we were enjoying ourselves, but the manager came and offered a complementary glass of wine and dessert on the house. Marvelous dinner.Wow. Aside from Zahav, this was my favorite dining experience in Philadelphia. I had read that the best approach here (for a party of 2) is to share 2-3 small plates, 1 pizza, and 1 pasta (skip the massive entrees); I would definitely recommend that approach having tried it.
-The stuffed dates were quite literally one of the best appetizers to ever bless my taste buds with their existence.  I was simultaneously overjoyed (by their tremendous flavor) and depressed (that they would soon be gone from my life).
-Seafood mixto was fresh and nicely prepared, a 4/5
-Their roasted cauliflower (daily special) was maybe the best rendition of the veggie to date (5/5) 
-Double margherita pizza was excellent, 4.5/5 (and it was big enough that we took half of it home)
-Messinesi pasta with sausage ragu and ricotta: 5/5 for flavors that make my mouth water (months later) at the mere thought
-House-made drinks were creative... and generous with the alcohol
-We shared a chocolate hazelnut dessert that was small but impeccably balanced. And yes, delicious (5/5).The roasted chicken was cooked perfectly, juicy yet tender! I love how its already de-bone and cut in slices, making it easier to eat, not to mention the side of  escarole, cipollini onion, pinenut, cherry was a perfect balance for the richness of the grill chicken! Props to the chef and line cooks!We finally made it here.  I am not a pasta/pizza person so I thought the pasta/pizza was OK - nothing too notable.  The main entrees were fabulous -- veal cheeks and the brick chicken.  The brick chicken was juicy and delicious.
The service was OK.  Waitress did not bring the bread and when she did, it was not much, which was sad because the kids liked it better than their pizza.
Despite the ok service and appetizers, the main courses swept me off my feet.I've had many friends recommend Wm Mulherin's to me in the past few months, and I finally got the chance to try it out this past Friday night. 
They were accepting walk-in's around 8:30 PM, and our party of 4 was seated right away near the open kitchen. I immediately loved the set up and aesthetic of the place- it was dark, romantic and airy, and the character of the old building had clearly been kept in tact.  It could easily function as a perfect date night spot or place to go with a big group of friends. 
We got a couple of cocktails to start and put in the speck and egg pizza and the pigs head tortelonni. The food came out before our drinks did, which is a huge pet peeve of mine. Not to mention it took only 5 minutes for the food to come out and 20 minutes until we saw our drinks. The drinks were pretty good, even though I can't help but think they would have been better before we all stuffed ourselves with pizza and pasta. The food was the real star of the night.  The speck and egg pizza was so outrageously delicious - definitely some of the best pizza I have ever had. The tortelonni was also wonderful and had a perfect balance of sweet and salty along with an acidic bite from the lemon. 
On top of the food coming out way before the drinks, our waitress was a little off. She didn't come over to our table until 10-15 minutes after we were seated and we didn't see much of her after that. Other than the spotty service, we had a great time. Can't wait to go back for more of that pizza!