Would you like a dance party with the perfect blend of dance music, hype atmosphere, and strong drinks? Would you like to actually dance with strangers and not be groped? 
I loved this place, it really took me by surprise. Some miscellaneous things: individual bathrooms are fairly clean, there is a downstairs area to chill without cover, the cover for the upstairs dance party is $10, bartenders are shirtless (yum), and its mainly gay men but they are all so sweet. I can't wait to go back.Came here on a Friday night after paying $10 to get into Rosewood which is technically connected to Woody's depending on who the promoter is. I was hella bored in Rosewood because everyone was too cute to dance so I dipped out and turned to corner to find the magnificent beast that is Woody's. Yes it's a gay bar and no I didn't care. Yes I danced with both men and women and yes I had a great time. So worth the second cover charge. If you're on the fence just go on a Friday night and you'll see what I mean.While I appreciate Woody's for being one of the more inclusive spaces for LGBTQ folks in the city (though there are still issues), I can't get past the horrible DJs. Some of their theme nights have quality music, such as Latin night, but even then, it's likely that the DJ will somehow manage to make it sound like an annoying, tasteless top 40 song. 
Come on the weekend and expect to feel like you're in a middle school auditorium. It's borderline offensive that they expect grown adults to enjoy the top 40 garbage remixes they play. The place has no class and no originality.I had a good time here. When I got there around 10:30 on a Saturday night, there wasn't a line but it was a nice crowd inside. The front bar was really crowded so I asked the bouncer if there was a bar in the back. He said yes, you are looking for Rosewood. I was just looking for another bar! However, it was less crowded back there and the DJ was playing some old school hip hop and R&B. It was a good time though. There isn't much of a dance floor but what little space was there people were making the most of. Drinks were $10. A little steep but they were strong.
I would definitely go back when in Philly!As you can probably tell my the number of girls who have written reviews, ladies seem to like Woody's. This leads to LOTS of groups of girls (with maybe one guy with them), especially upstairs dancing. We paid a 10 dollar cover for upstairs on a Friday only to find a dance floor not very crowded, with mostly women. It got fuller as the night went on, but still probably was more than 50% women on the dance floor. Counting the creepers off to the side who stand and ogle, perhaps it was majority men, but I have a hard time considering the top floor a gay bar.  That said, the top 40/normal gay music was good (if a little too loud), the staff nice, and drinks average priced.  I did like the lights and fog, too.
We were downstairs earlier in the night and it definitely had the more normal (and pleasant) local but popular gay bar vibe. Not being from Philly, I was shocked by how big all the guys are--why must your arms be the size of babies?! Because of the crowd, it was harder to get drinks and admittedly the bartender was less nice (because he was rushed). The crowd was a little older than what I expected.
Ultimately, I'd give upstairs a 3, downstairs a 4. I'd feel obligated to go back, but with some reservation.Woody's is probably the largest gay bar in Philly: it's got three or four different rooms and gets pretty packed at night (you won't miss it with all the people hanging out on the sidewalk). My boyfriend and I went there both nights that we were in town, and had a pretty good time. Lots of friendly people (though a slightly older crowd than at other places) and relatively cheap drinks: always a good combination. They have computers upstairs with free internet access (which I always find a bit weird in a bar... why would one want to come here to spend time online), and I was given a friendly reminder by some random dude at the bar not to give in to the temptation to check my email... "social suicide!", said he. There's also a dance floor upstairs, though you have to pay to get there on the weekend (wtf?!). Good place to mingle with the locals while getting your drink on.Once again Woody's decent sound system is cranked up so loudly it sounds like my old 93 EscortI was a little bit inebriated but from what I can remember this was great place to go out! The music was awesome, drinks were strong and cheap, and the crowd was fun. My friends and I went on a Friday night around 11ish and there was no line or cover. The area is nice too with tons of eateries and other bars nearby.Really fun place to dance on the weekend. I love how there are different rooms with different music genres playing. Came here during Gay Pride and it was packed with a great crowd.Due to a birth defect I was born with a limp and the geniuses at Woodys bar found it inappropriate to let me in. I guess having a limp would make their bar look bad no disabilities allowed such a disgrace ! I would advice everyone to pick a friendlier bar to go ton I never felt so offended.Going to woody's is like a bachelor-ett party while sisters is around the corner literary. Security is worse than being at the airport. The pure staff and make over and new management need improvement.  Owner woodys new place is classy at knock..so someone stole my coat at woody's.  The bouncer said that he saw someone take it and then he "guaranteed" that it had not been stolen.  When I asked where it was, he basically just wandered off rather than deal with us.I used to not like this place, but since the addition of the huge draft beer selection, I have changed my mind! Sure, it's your typical crowded gay bar, but it doesn't seem to attract nearly as many annoying twinks as place new iCandy, etc. You can actually go here and enjoy yourself with a good beer. However, paying to go upstairs is a waste of money. I think the only people who do that are old men trying to pick up young boys.Bartenders are hot. Many rooms to roam around in. It's literally my favorite place to go in the city. I know when I have guests visiting from out of town they're gonna love it and the HOT bartenders always give you something to look at.Me & My Husbear visiting to the city of brotherly love found ourselves at "Woodys".... We got there shortly after it opened to the public, 5pm that is....  Had drinks, no hard liquor yet... The space of Woodys overall is inviting and i could imagine what the bar would look like much later in the eves hours.  Staff on duty is friendly and follows up on you if you want a filler up. The outside seating areas you can look/gander at the people/cars going by.Woody's is a staple of Gayboorhood nightlife. The downstairs bar is great for happy hour with some of the best prices in the neighborhood. And when the weather is warm, the glass walls retract transforming the usually dark bar into a neat indoor/outdoor space. 
On weekends, the downstairs bar gets packed and is always a good time, but the club upstairs can be hit or miss. I mostly only bother paying the cover to go upstairs on special occasions - like Halloween or Pride.Gay line dancing. A lot of lesbian groups, too. Had the feeling of a college pickup bar.They had the window panes out on a cold evening. We had the same experience as Kurt H. with the tables being taken away "in case it got busy"  The drinks are strong and tasty. For the downstairs area, they give the general impression that they want you to come, spend some money, then move along to another place.I finally decided to go to woodys this weekend! So I came here on a Saturday night with some friends! The music to start with is REALLY good! I love the songs selections and downstairs there was two DJ's with two different styles which was pretty cool! Then we went upstairs to dance, there was a 10 dollars cover charge so I was hoping it is THAT good. Really good music and even if you're sober you would dance to it!Woody's would've gotten one star if it wasn't for 3 reasons:
1-The chef who moved the food towards the Italian side is great.  You get good food for a great price.  The loaded fries are always great, with lots of nice crispy bacon, and always perfectly cooked fries.  The Eggplant Benedict for Sunday brunch is awesome, lightly breadded and tasty eggplant, perfectly poached eggs, served on garlic toast.  Yummy!
2-Austin, the bartender, is one of the most pleasant bartenders in Philly.  He can handle the off customer without being rude, and is always serving your drink with a smile.  He can handle a mobbed bar without breaking a sweat, and always manages to get to your order quickly.
3-The nice older bartender with the glasses and the mustache who works days (sorry I forget your name!)  Always pleasant, and always full of funny stories.  
If it wasn't for these factors, Woody's would get one star.  The bathroom perpetually smells like nursing home urine, the rest of the bartending staff are rude, especially the one muscle queen with the crewcut that isn't Austin.
On a side note, I am happy to hear that they recently hired another great bartender from the area, Anthony.  With that addition, maybe the rest of the staff won't seem like such jerksQuick and dirty: come on over any day of the week because something is always going on. We were in town for a conferences and swung by both nights we were there. The environment is very friendly and open, drinks are relatively inexpensive, and if you want some serious dancing, head on upstairs. Woody's is also great for large groups, and our whole team had a blast.Great bar during the day if you just want a place to relax and have a cheap drink and watch the game. It's a nightmare on the weekends. The bouncers must literally be recruited from pirate ships and look like they spend most of the day sniffing glue. I'm not sure I've ever met a bouncer I like but here they are particularly reprehensible.Meh.  
When I first moved here, this was my regular spot...because, I mean, is Woody's...where else would I go?  In the nine months since, I have moved on to better things.  ICandy has better/cheaper drinks, friendlier bartenders, and just as good of a dancefloor.  Westbury has a better/cheaper beer selection.
Haven't been here in a few months now.  With so many better bars in the area, there's just no reason to go here.Gross.   Loud 
Really bad service.   Bartenders were more interested in catching up with friends.    Later a few guys in underwear walked around with trays of cheap shots.   If you did not buy one they tried to talk you in to going upstairs later for a strip show and lap dance.  The whole place made me re-think Philadelphia      So so so gross.Woody's is a must go to in the Gayborhood. The $5 cover to get on the dance floor is kind of annoying on top of the overpriced, mediocre drinks. BUT the atmosphere and the patrons are always super fun. I can honestly say I've never had a bad time here. If you don't like big crowds, you might want to stay away on weekend nights. Music is your typlical club music. Brit, Gaga etc etc.Whats not to love about the place?
Drinks are strong and fairly priced. Happy hour is awesome.  The crowd is dependably gay and friendly. Its a must-visit when in the area. Great for pre-game, post-game, or just being the game! Mad love for Woodys.This used to be a good bar/club, but the new owners got too greedy and turned it into an overpacked straight-girl-central money making machine.  The bouncers and staff are unnecessarily strict, rude, and racist.
I live in the neighborhood and get really annoyed at how they practically take over the entire corner of 13th and Walnut on weekend nights and will yell at you if you try to walk on the sidewalk - which I thought was a public space for, you know, walking...
I used to love coming here but after a few disappointing experiences, I have no desire to return. All I can say to both the business owners and their customers is, good luck!This is a sprawling go-to bar attracting a mixed crowd. Drinks are standard prices but poured with a heavy hand. Get here early in the evening for chats with friends or come later to turn up.I went to Woody's last night and was denied entry because my real ID was accused of being a fake (even though I had been there the night before and gotten in with the exact same ID). The reason why my ID appeared fake was because previously at Voyeur (a sister company of Woody's) they thought my ID was fake and bent it so severely that my ID is permanently bent. At Woody's, they told me the lamination bubbled when they bent it, which is a sign of a fake. It probably bubbles because it was literally bent in half at Voyeur! However, at least at Voyeur, they eventually went to scan my ID and let me in for free. At Woody's, they refused to scan it or accept the other forms of ID I had on me. Why I would have a fake that has the "not 21 until" line on it makes no sense, and typically fake IDs list you as being several years over 21, whereas I am 22 so that is obviously what my ID says. I was able to tell them my address, name, etc. multiple times. I had credit cards, my student ID, my social security card, and a picture of my passport on me, but none of those were good enough. The bouncer (and apparently manager??) said I had to physically bring my passport if I wanted to be let in. So I did! I went all the way back home and brought my passport (which probably wasn't worth it but it was Pride and I wanted to celebrate!). I was able to skip the line but I still had to pay the $15 cover. Thanks for basically ruining our night and forcing me to have to pay for a new ID when my current one doesn't expire for several more years! I don't know why an ID from an adjacent state (Ohio) causes so many problems at only these two bars - I am never accused of having a fake anywhere else. Get it together!I went to Woody's today, for St. Patrick's Day, and was treated horribly by staff. I am a regular customer and usually come to Woody's on the weekends with friends. I have enjoyed the environment for years, but today took a turn for the worst. I was disrespected and kicked out by a bartender because I wanted to change my drink order. UNPROFESSIONAL and NOT CUSTOMER FRIENDLY. Shame on you Woody's. I will NEVER step foot inside of there again and I suggest anyone reading this do the same. And they're lucky they won't receive a class action lawsuit. YES that's how bad it was. Overpriced drinks, disrespectful employees, and no customer service equals a bad time. DO NOT GO TO WOODY'S.I used to go to Woody's on Wednesdays during their 18+ nights back in my college days and would have a decently good time.  The door cover was a bit steep, but hey, I was in college so everything outside of free was a bit steep.  The staff and doormen were friendly, and the general vibe had far less attitude than your average gay bar.  Surprisingly for an 18+ night, there weren't too many creepy old men leering at the pretty young things dancing.  The music was your standard club fare, thankfully less heavy on the house stuff.Woody's has really come a long way since I first starting coming here about 3 years ago. I love the new layout. I love that the downstairs is basically a cozy neighborhood beer bar and not just a meat market. The way the downstairs was before was such a weird amalgamation of things with basically 2 separate bar areas (one room catered to more of the older crowd, the other room, the young college scene) and I know they used to serve food in a small area on the opposite side of the bar near the coat check. But now the whole first floor has been opened up into one giant pub space that is gorgeous, airy and spacious. They also serve dinner & brunch now as well. And a whopping 32 beers on tap - Hello!? What other gay bar do you know of that can boast that? 
I only wish that the upstairs bars had a better beer selection. No taps in the club & your bottle selection is limited to Yuengling, Miller Lite, Bud Lite, Corona. The music is always great, though. It's just a fun, warm environment that can either be a great place to start or end your night. They do a lot of themed nights and Happy Hour during the week too. (Drag shows, CD release parties, etc)
NB: Ladies, sometimes it can be a little hard to get the attention of the bartenders if you're not a hot, gay man in a v-neck but hey, at least there's never a long wait for the restroom!THIS WAS SO MUCH FUN! Went on a weekday for a friends birthday and it was such a great night. Good drink specials (wish I could remember them lol) and a great DJ. For a weekday the dance floor was . Would definitely recommend for a fun night out!Whenever I'm at Woody's it always seems to be either a pleasantly awkward experience or a pleasantly awkward experience that I'm too drunk to remember.
The downstairs bar seems to pull a slightly older, less dance-y crowd on busy nights. Of course, this comes with men old enough to be my grandfather doing their fair share of ass-grabbing and eye-making at the younger patrons. Upstairs can get packed but usually not intolerable, since the dance floor pulls a large crowd. I've never had a problem getting a drink at any of the bars here -- the bartenders are always on top of their game. The drinks are the strongest I've ever had -- which can be both good and bad. I certainly feel like I'm getting my money's worth, since I've paid between $7 and $8 for a well drink here. Certainly not easy on the wallet -- also, they only take cash, like our friend Tavern on Camac. Thankfully, they have an ATM that might very well need a hand crank to operate it downstairs for your convenience.
The dance floor is really only packed on Wednesdays and weekend nights. Wednesdays are "college night" so the dance floor is filled with 18-20 year olds and the men who love them. It's no shock that you have to be drunk before you get to the dance floor -- underage kids drink before they get there, and the 21+ crowd makes sure they're good and liquored-up before they leave the bar area. It's really the only way to tollerate the crowd.
The go-go boys are nice eye-candy, but have that "oh come on now" quality to them...awkward dancing, stuffed thongs and most of them are clearly straight and cringing at the naive drunk guys trying to take them home. A bit skeevy, too - I once experienced a go-go dancer in the crowded bathroom offer a flash of his junk to anyone willing to tip him $20...I know you gotta' make that money, boo, but really?!
My suggestion is get drunk someplace cheaper first, then go so plastered you won't care who's dancing with you. 
Also, I've never eaten at the restaurant. Quite frankly, the last thing I want to think about while eating is the debauchery that goes on elsewhere in the building.Aside from the poor service and wait time for drinks, Woody's redeemed its reputation with its dance scene upstairs. If you do head into Woody's, I'd suggest that you substitute your cocktail for dancing with the lively bar-goers, it makes all the difference.This is a hard-on(e) to describe. I was in Philly for a convention. My prospective client "dragged" me to Woody's. We had a ball (or two) on the dance floor. 
Let's just say it was hilarious. There were a lot of out of place convention goers. 
Back to the closet ... in case you ever left it. 
Great place, but not for me. Sorry ...Too overcrowded and small drinks plus too many straight women!  Bathrooms generally require you to wait while who ever is having sex finishes first so you can then peefine big gay bar, though i'm always surprised to see guys there surfing manhunt, shouldn't they be cruising instead?This place has really deteriorated since its heyday.  It used to be a place where gay people of any age could gather and feel comfortable.   Now, you better be under 30 and prepared for a bunch of shrieking straight girls and their boyfriends who do not watch where they are going and walk or dance right into you while bad music is played.   And the bartenders ignore you if they are not your friend already.   This place no longer deserves the reputation it once had as the center of gay nightlife.  In fact, I'd barely even call it a gay bar anymore.Woodys has a bad rep for the unresponsive bartenders and their crappy bouncers. It's been going on for as long as I can remember hence the reason why my 1 time experience there was enough. 
On the night of the Pulse For Orlando event, the Philadelphia Police had the Gayborhood blocked off so we could party and raise money for a great cause. Woodys had the sidewalk and street in front of their establishment blocked off. My Lyft driver, not able to get me to Tabu dropped me off on the corner where Woodys is. No issues walking to my destination. As I was walking through the blocked off section of the street I got stopped very rudely and aggressively by one of the African American male bouncers. He demanded I show my I.D. and made me hand over my purse so he could go through it. Mind you I told him I'm just walking through so I can get to another location. He didn't care. He was rude, aggressive and condescending and tossed my purse back at me. 
As a gay African American female you come expect that kind of treatment from Philly PD not another member of your own community and at an establishment that serves the LGBT community. Just another reason why I will never patronize Woodys ever again.My first nigh out in Philly I was told to go to Woodys. I had a nice time. Bartender named Ryan made perfects cocktails. All the staff that I spoke to were very kind and polite. Not my usual scene, but I'd go here again.This is a cute bar. We usually make the 25 min drive into town to visit here. We haven't been on a night where the room in the back is open. But 2nd floor is a lot of fun too.as a straight guy I liked the place.  Women were present, so i found myself talking to some nice young ladies.   Just a little disappointed though not one guy hit on me.  I mean I look ok, just figure it would help my self esteem a littleIt's the old standby you constantly bitch about but always go back to.  Beers are much cheaper than DC gay bars, and the crowd is definitely not as clean cut (not necessarily a criticism, just an observation).I went to Woody's on a Wednesday night to dance. Loved that it was a really lively, fun spot on a Wednesday night. Crowd was great music was good. Definitely a Wednesday night spot id go back to.This was my first time here and I liked all the different vibes in each room and even tho it was PACKED there wasn't a long wait for drinks. My big thing was how dirty it was. Stairwells smelled like piss and someone threw up on me. Walking out with the lights on I saw throw up everywhere. I wish there was more of a presence to get people out of there who are sick.So much fun! Great service, awesome music, extremely good looking guys and no creepers! Reasonably priced drinks and the bartenders were super attentive. The night we went, it was a dance contest and i dunno if it was a rule, but each contestant made it into a strip show. Loved it - so fun. Go.I can't give this place anything more than 3 stars.  I use to go to this place about 20 years ago, and it is NOTHING like it was.  The bartenders use to be friendly, and the drinks were affordable.  Now they are quite expensive and most of the employees I spoke to were straight.  Explains a lot.Super cheesy and obviously a huge meat market.
Good for dancing, and nights you are really trying to go out, dance and get a little outta hand. 
Woody's drinks in my experience have been extremely strong and harsh, those bartenders are not playing around, everyone seems so attractive and nice after about 3. Come for cheap happy hour, on Sundays for 80 cent drinks and 80's music, or Wednesday for underage night.free drinks? CHECK.. no cover for me and my friends to get on the dancefloor? CHECK! being straight with 2 gay guys on what was obviously a gay dude night and being the only one to get hit on ? CHECK! 
It's fun.. and crazy and men dancing in tiny little speedos hahaha awesome! I however would not pay to get on the dancefloor.. but I mean whatever.Very cool bar!  We could tell there were a lot of regulars that go there (they were carrying on having a good time).  Bartender was very friendly and made very tasty strong drinks.  Definitely would go again.This place is no longer the venerable gay bar that it was when it was owned by Mr. Woods. The current owners have transformed it into a Chuck-E-Cheese for obnoxious bachelorette parties.I met up with some old friends who told me this is one of the best and the oldest gay clubs in Philly and I disagree after my  first and only visit. It felt more like a straight club  and the gays are being outcast. I have visit  UK, Canada ,New York ,Atlanta , DC when you go into a gay club That's what the management and the owners is advertising. This particular club is geared to the  straight  community but advertises in Philadelphia gay newspaper and on gay social sites I am totally confused.   I am not psychic miss Cleo or psychic miss Sylvia Browne ...During my yearlong residence in the city of brotherly love, I have sought out my nightlife adventures elsewhere. Being from NYC, theirs something quite disappointing about having clubs and bars close at 2am. I mean where I'm from that's when the party is in full swing. 
However, this past weekend I decided to give it a go. After reading some reviews on Woody's it seemed like just the place to spread my wings. 
We got there before 11. No cover charge to get in and no wait either- yay!! We mellowed out with a drink on the first floor, as I surprised him with the fact that this was in fact a notorious gay club within the Gayborhood.  He made sure to not let go of my hand for a while LOL . Within 20 minutes or so I see a long line forming for those trying to get upstairs. That line alone suggested it was well worth the $10 they were charging for entry.  
So we decide to check it out. OMG... So glad we did. For starters it was a lot cooler up there on an uncomfortably warm night... Drinks were noticeably stronger as well.  Plus they have smoke machines and stripper poles. Double win!! By the end of the night my shy guy was ready to take a go on one of those poles and enjoy the twirling lights all on his own. Definitely a night I won't soon forget. Thanks Woody's!!!As said by many reviewers below, the bouncers in this place are inept bullies and not fit to be dealing with customers. I was standing yesterday on the sidewalk, not a client of them but a resident of Philadelphia, *outside* the little fence they erect on their whim to spillover onto the sidewalk, when one of the bullies approached me and asked me to move onto the street - as in, where the cars drive. I had been here before but had no intention of going in - the stench of vomit is distinctive. I was waiting for a friend to come out. 
The other bouncer appears and yelps "my man what's the problem", gesticulating towards me.  more incredulous than anything else I tell him, genuinely, there IS no problem because I'm standing on the public sidewalk, the one people walk on every day. He replies that I have to move because Woody's owns (sic) the sidewalk ... !?!? up until the end of the locale? I try to explain to him that he was being ridiculous, that the city owns the sidewalk, which is public by definition, and he insists that the club owns that space. He was getting increasingly agitated as his bullying sidekick egged him on from behind telling him to tell me to go right onto the street. I left as they sniggered and mumbled to each other.
This is borderline illegal behaviour, and I'm not even referring to the bullying.Great place on the week days, weekends are good but insanely busy. Depending on the event it is hard to even get in. Service is always great, good music too. We went in there with a good mix of guys and girls, gay and straight, and we were all treated the same as everyone else and had a blast.First time I went to Woody's was when MSTRKRFT was spinning and it was a cool place with shirtless  bartenders.  The 2nd, 3rd, and 4th time I went with my gay friend and it was a cool place with shirtless bartenders.  
Drinks are expensive.  The company, fun.  Potential to meet everyone in the gayborhood, high.  
The first floor is where you go to get drinks and mingle, but if you like to dance your rear-end off, the second floor is THE PLACE to be.  Everyone is uber-friendly and loves dancing.  Downside is that  you have to pay cover to get onto the dance floor.  I kinda just move with the ebb and flow of the place.  Chill out on the first floor, then move up to the 2nd floor bar outside of the dance floor area and chat it up with new friends and finally, pay cover to get onto the dance floor.  Afterwards, everyone heads over to the Midtown diner.  
An all around good time that I can only do about once a month (if even) because too much fun in one night = hangovers the next day.Fun place with a couple friendly staff members, and a couple who are less than friendly. I get that the bar is in a hoppin' part of town, but when I was told my drink was 10 bucks, I nearly fell off my bar stool. SOBER. 10 bucks for 1 cocktail is insane, considering the bar at my hotel was CHEAPER! (1 dollar cheaper, but whatever. My Jew ass would rather spend 10 with tip than 11. No? 
DJ price was playing amazing music, and the songs are accompanied by their original videos that you can watch on all the tv's they have there. It's a cool place, but I went somewhere else to spend less money after my second drink. 22 bucks gone. Boo.Woody's is ok. There's nothing terribly special about it.
The problem is that it's the only really big gay bar in Philly (althoyugh 12th Air is kind of big in a weird way). So the gays are all kind of forced to go there and have gotten used to it.
From what I hear, the owner has somewhat selfishly and greedily elbowed out any competition from potential new gay bars which is sad.
Having lived in Philly for many years and now living in SF, it is clear that Philly really does need some diversity in its gay night life.
(sigh)
But admittedly, this is where I end up usually because no one wants to go anywhere else.Since the renovation, I would no longer call Woody's a gay bar. I would call it gay-esque. The bar downstairs is great. The large beer selection makes it acceptable for straight men to make a trip to the gayborhood. You also have the option of really strong drinks. Almost too strong. Shh. I didn't say that. 
The upstairs bar has no taps anymore, but is now a dance floor, and it was really fun on a Thursday night. There were a lot of straight people, hence why I think Woody's is now more straight friendly. 
I haven't been to the main dance floor yet or tried the food, but maybe soon. 
Also, make sure you go to the downstairs bathroom. The hand dryers are amazing. Seriously.I regret to say Woody's didn't live up to the hype I had heard about it, unfortunately.  Came in with 2 friends on a Friday night but it really wasn't as hoppin' as I expected it to be.  Decent selection of drinks at the bar and a cafe in the back but didn't get any food.   That being said, we didn't stick around long, even though we did meet some cool people.  I might possibly be back, but with hopes that it'll be more social.Woody's stopped being appealing when I turned 22. 
The craziest night at Woody's tends to be Wednesday - College Night! The Under-21's enter through a side door that leads directly upstairs to the dance floor - which is usually PACKED. I mean sweaty, bumpy, crazy packed. And not just packed with queer kids - there are usually a lot of straight kids too. It's impossible to get a drink, it's impossible to not get spilled on, and it's impossible to find a spot on the dance floor. On the one hand, it's an ego-booster because you're guaranteed to get hit on 5 or 6 times in a night (just because there are so many people there!) ....on the other hand, you may not wanna get hit on by the people you get hit on, and in a sweaty crazy-crowded room there's not too much you can do about it. Go with a big group of friends! Friends make it fun, and friends can be bodyguards too. 
If you are 21 (I was very excited to finally turn 21!) you get to cross the dance floor and go down the other staircase that leads to the bar downstairs. But sadly, the bar's not that much fun. Usually pretty empty, or even if it's full, not too friendly. 
Overall, I have three things to say about Wednsday at Woody's: I wish it were gayer, I wish it were less like a frat party, and I wish it were less sketchy. (Although when I'm over 21 and surrounded by sweaty college kids, I feel pretty sketchy myself!)I asked for a specific kind of drink and it took 3 other bartenders to try their best to make it and they still made the drink wrong. Bartenders need to all be trained or more experienced. Not being satisfied with the drink, I refused to pay for it, and an hour later I asked for a different drink and the bartender refused to serve me because I refused to drink the drink I never asked for. Horrible bar tending staff.Over priced drinks, conceited bartenders who swear they have better things to do, racist security, latin nights and weekends way too packed, bad if you have public anxiety.Came here on a Tuesday so it was dead, but we wanted to get some drinks. The only part open was the downstairs which looked nice. The bartender was nice and made sure we were helped immediately. I thought the drinks were a bit overpriced ($20 for 2 vodka crans) and not that strong. I would go here again but maybe when it's a bit more lively and it's worth spending the money on drinks.Woody's has one of the best dancefloors in the city, and the recent change of ownership has brought a new energy to the place.  There is a friendly vibe, and you can really find anything  you want.  The pub and main bars are for drinking and chatting, or you can Yelp at one of the computers upstairs in the cyber bar!  For picky drinkers, stick with the lower level bars - the more "veteran" bartenders work down there - they know how to make anything!  Plus you can order yummy bar food too - we all know what happens after a few strong drinks on an empty stomach!
As far as the dance bar goes, there is a latin night, country/western night, and 18+ night.  Fridays and Saturdays are packed with locals and tourists alike, and HOT strippers!
Enjoy!After a nearly unanimous vote from our group, me, my girlfriend, and our 20 person group of friends, boyfriends, and girlfriends walked to Woody's. Most of us were happy with the decision, but many did not want to go dancing upstairs and were set on staying at the downstairs bar area. When we got there, was no line even though we arrived 11:00 on a Saturday night. The bouncers at the front door were friendly and greeted us respectfully.
We started downstairs as we were sober, intended to keep it that way. The bartender was attentive and nice, but the bar was expensive; a rum and coke for my girlfriend plus a Yuengling for me came to $13. I also saw my friend's Corona was $6. This is all before tip. Our massive group was split into pieces, with the group of 4 that I came with huddled in a corner. A staff member approached us and asked if we wanted to go upstairs. We all awkwardly declined as it was $10 a head and we weren't in a dancing mood (we never actually are). The staff member asked if we were ever upstairs before and we all shook our heads. He said, "give it a shot then" and gave the 5 of us wristbands for free entry upstairs. Telling the rest of our clearly not "very important people" friends that we were going upstairs for a bit, we headed up.
There are two dance floors upstairs. The smaller one had more hip-hop songs with poles to dance on, while the bigger one had an elevated dancefloor with an amazing club light display and fog machine. Dancing requires alcohol though, so we got some shots from one of the shirtless bartenders in the boxer briefs. We started with shots of "Grape Gatorade" at $10 each and then "Waffle Shots," which the bartender respectfully asked us what was in it and then made it for us (rather than telling us to order something else). I also wondered if the upstairs bars were more expensive, making our wristbands a form of bait and switch, but we had much more fun upstairs and stayed there nearly the entire time.
We had a blast dancing, and several of our friends trickled upstairs to dance with us. Everyone upstairs was having a great time; I even elbowed a girl in the face and after apologizing for my out of control dancing elbows, her and her boyfriend laughed it off. The crowd was fun, but as others have posted, it was 40% girls and 60% guys (40% which were straight like 90% of our group). Ignoring the 4th grade math problem I shamefully posed, if I was gay and looking for an exclusive gay club, I would be disappointed. 
My only complaints are the bathrooms, which are unisex. In theory, they were meant for gay men and women to pee together, but as I stated earlier, girls actually have to share the bathroom with drunk straight guys too. Also, we tried going back downstairs around 1:30am but rude bouncers told us to go the other way. When we came to the "other way," a ruder bouncer yelled to go the "other way out." What Dumb and Dumber actually meant was, "follow the exit signs out of the building," which I determined after asking Dumber some critical thinking questions. This is done to prevent crowds flowing back downstairs, but if I was drunker, I'd have no idea how to get out. Also, Woody's is expensive. We spent about $135 for 7 shots, 2 rum and cokes, and a beer. 
tl;dr Woody's is a fun time dancing with a good crowd mixed with heterosexual and homosexual guys and gals. It's also expensive, so pre-game first!I had a great time 
Here with my gay AND straight friends
Good music-good drinksI was in Philly over the weekend and my friend suggested we go here. Apparently this place was recently renovated and the space still smelled like sawdust. The bartenders were very entertaining, especially one with spiky blond hair who seem to be high on life. They had a good beer selection and the drinks were strong. It's a gay bar but I did not feel out of place and had plenty of friendly people just come up and start talking to me. They had a unisex bathroom which was a bit creepy. There are also these shot guys walking around in their underwear. Overall a very entertaining spot.  I would go return the only downside to going out in Philly is that all bars close at 2am.Thank you to Woody's not only for the great night out in the downstairs bar and the surprisingly large dance space upstairs, but I enjoyed myself a little TOO much and left my prescription sunglasses there, and not only did they find them and hold on to them in case someone called, but they were kind enough to ship them back to me in New York! Great times and great customer service...not something I can say for a lot of nightclubs!Prior to last Friday night (4.8.16), my wife and I had been to Woody's on a couple of occasions to go line dancing, and both times, we had a positive experience. 
This time was a little different, as we'd be bringing people with us, one of whom had never before been to a gay club. 
Well, I have to say - it definitely, much like our previous visits, we were not disappointed. 
I'll start with the DJs not only did they play great music, but they were very much in control of their floor and enforced dance etiquette, something that is severely lacking in too many line dance places.
The layout - the main floor is relatively small, but the overall configuration provides lots of - I'll say - foul territory so that if you want to try and practice the moves off to the side, where you have a bit more room, you can do that comfortably. And while there are relatively few stools and tables, that's fine. There is plenty of other seating around. 
The people - this was the best part, in my opinion. Perhaps it's the fact that we were there in a line dance night, or because it was relatively early, but it all added up to an atmosphere that was pretty chill and very welcoming. It didn't hurt that the ladies I brought with me are all very good dancers, something that didn't escape the notice of the DJS and the other patrons. It created a nice little bond between our group and the rest of the crowd. 
Other - As I mentioned before, for our one friend, it was the first time she had ever been to a gay establishment, and Woody's provided a great introduction and was the perfect example of what a nice night out should be. It was even nice that there is a very good way of telling when line dancing ends and - whatever follows it begins, so we knew exactly to move on to the next part of our evening. 
We'll be back again, and we'll bring some more first-timers...Woody's is a gay cultural institution in Philadelphia.  I knew of Woody's long before ever moving here and any time I talk to another gay person about Philadelphia it inevitably comes up, "Have you been to Woody's??"  Today there are a lot of competing gay dance bars and that's fantastic, but I still will always have a place in my heart for Woody's.  Last night some co-workers were having a happy hour for a departing colleague at Sampan, down the street.  Sampan was noisy and ultra-crowded and refused to reserve a table for our group.  We decided to leave and we went to Woody's instead.  There was so much open space for us and delicious (and inexpensive) Mexican food from the place next door that you could order through Woody's bar.  What a cool idea!  Drinks were extremely reasonably price and it wasn't so loud that we couldn't talk with one another.   I really like the dance floor area upstairs, although music is a little bit hit or miss.  I've had some really great music nights at Woody's and other times when it's the dreaded techno remixes of top 40 songs.  Last night we went up early--at like 7p and there all these absolutely adorable couples doing the waltz to modern music.  It was very cute but not exactly the bump and grind dance floor that it turns into later in the evening.  Woody's perhaps is not the "hippest" gay dance club in town and I feel like it attracts a slightly older crowd but I like that about it.  It's a great place for Happy Hour or for some serious dancing later in the night.Why is there a cover for upstairs?  Also, make sure to line up military style out front.  Any deviation from protocol and the bouncers will label you unfit to enter.I didn't go to the dance floor, it had a cover charge.
I did enjoy sitting on the first floor and watching all the different folks mingle about.  This place truly brings the entire mix of gay culture.  Some bars attract the young and tight-shirted, some only attract the older and cane-carrying, yet Woody's seems to draw all ages, shapes, and types.  Interesting and pretty relaxed, I'd go back.Hands down one of the best/bizarre nights I had in Philadelphia back in 1999. Most of the evening took place here, and as Seth and I stumbled up those steps, we knew we were in for a treat. I went to college with this guy, never had any classes with him, but we knew mutual friends so I suppose we were destined to hang out at least once in our lives.
There was no cover this evening, and we headed straight for the dance floor. Normally not a dancer, it was dark and crowded enough where nobody was in danger of seeing our terrible moves, and we had a blast. Of course the one thing I enjoyed was not having to wait in line for the bathroom, since the men easily outnumbered the women at this time. Everyone was really friendly, bartenders and bouncers included, but I just recall random people waiting at the bar with you saying 'hi' just because. It was nice to be in that kind of atmosphere, and you weren't creeped out like you would be at other places.
Ended up meeting someone named 'Aaron/Erin' during one of our embarrassing dance sessions, and we ended up dragging this poor new person out with us to a restaurant nearby after our Woody's fun. I don't remember what the name of this 2nd place was, but I do remember the continuation of laughter and smiles. We never found out if Aaron/Erin was male or female, but if you think about it...did it really matter?
I went back to crash at Seth's pad around 5am, and we promised each other we would do this again. Sadly, that never happened, but I'm glad I remember this much of an ultra fun night with good people. 
Also agree with what user Natasha S. said about the diversity throughout this place. Aaron/Erin, Seth and I resembled a Benetton ad-that ended up on the cutting room floor-sitting around afterwards. And I would do it again in a heartbeat, even in my old age. 
Glad to see Woody's is still up and running over 10+ years later!This place was fun. Good happy hour specials. Not the best service in the world but not terrible either. Fun place to stop for a drink.I've been here three times over the past 12 years and its interesting to see an excerpt of who they are from then until now.  The first time was in 2000, the last time was in 2012.  They are certainly different from the days of closed-in secretive clubbing and cigarette smoking to open-to-the-street-doors with no smoking and fresh interiors.  Yeah so there are beer signs on the brick walls inside and etc - - and I too mourn the days of old -- but whatever, you can't have it both ways.  Its worth going to.This bar is very commercialized.  This is not the BEST GAY BAR in philly but it is one of the originals.  The bartenders are not very friendly.  But some of the patrons are the friendliest!  I met some new friends there and they are great!
Food is pretty good and the drinks are LOADED!  Expect to pay the price for the drinks.  I would stick with the cocktails.  Get your money's worth.I want to give Woody's a higher rating because we actually had a great time once inside, but the experience outside with the bouncer was miserable and an awful first impression that stuck with me. 
My friend and I arrived shortly after 11. There was no line so we were able to walk right up to the door. There were two bouncers, so we each handed our IDs over. My guy was friendly and was joking around, and told me to go ahead in and have a great night. At the same time, I heard the other bouncer say "yeah he can go in, but not her" (referring to my friend). We assumed he was also kidding around, and we actually laughed for a second until we realized he was serious. We asked why, and his answer was that my friend "snatched" her ID back from him and that he did not like it. I'm serious. 
Keep in mind we weren't drunk. We weren't being rowdy. My friend simply took her ID back in a way that he (apparently) didn't like. We still don't know what he even meant, because she didn't take her ID back in any way that would seem aggressive to any reasonable person. I understand that it's a bouncer's job to weed out those who are belligerent or too drunk in order to keep the other patrons safe and maintain order, however this was the most ridiculous thing I had ever heard when entering a bar/club. We waited for a few minutes in disbelief, thinking that MAYBE he actually was joking and was  taking it a little too far. After about ten minutes of standing there and figuring out what to do/where to go next, the bouncer told us we were free to enter. There was no explanation of why he suddenly changed his mind, and certainly no apology for making us wait in the freezing cold for no reason. I can only assume that maybe he came to realize we actually were fine, given how calm we were during the situation.
Anyway--whatever. We went inside and proceeded to have a good time. A nice, spacious bar downstairs (with an overall relaxed atmosphere) and a coat check, which is always convenient. We proceeded upstairs to find two large dance areas. One of them played popular dance music, and we had a great time dancing among the large crowd. 
The other room was a little more reminiscent of a club, with house music and lights. Although later on when we ventured back over, salsa music was playing... it was a pretty odd switch.
Overall seems like a fun spot, but they could certainly get it together a little better at the door.Pretty much THE staple gay bar/club in Philadelphia, Woody's never seems to disappoint in providing a fun and very interesting night. This place gets absolutely packed on Friday and Saturday nights, both downstairs in the bar and upstairs on the dance floor. It is very much a gay pretty boy bar with your expected amount of straight girl tag-alongs. 
The first floor features a long oval bar with video screens playing music videos and is basically just a bar. Usually by 1am it gets so packed downstairs its hard to move. The drinks are kind of pricey and nothing special, but thats why you mostly pre-game before going here. Upstairs (cover of $10 before 1:30am) are the dance floors. The main and biggest dance floor plays Top 40 remixes and some EDM, with lots of great lighting and fog effects. The usual DJ on the main floor is awesome and knows how to keep the energy high. Theres also two bars at either end. The second dance floor is a smaller room that plays mostly Hip-Hop/R&B and has a smaller bar and a couple dancing poles for those so inclined. If you are willing to wait till 1:30 to start dancing, they open up the upstairs dance floor for free and it becomes a giant (if unintentional) grind fest because of so many people on the dance floor. Though if you choose to go this route you will only have a half hour to dance as it closes at 2am (stupid state laws). 
Woody's is definitely my favorite bar in Philly.I feel compelled to write an update after spending some time in Philly and figuring things out. The fact is that Woody's is pretty much the heart of gay nightlife in Philly. It's an automatic stop on any night of bar-crawling and, often, the only destination of the night. The nightly themes and events mean that there's always something different going on, to keep things interesting. 
The drinks are strong and cheap, the staff is wonderfully friendly, and even the food is pretty damn good. I love places who transition so seamlessly from brunch spot to mid-day restaurant/bar to nightclub, and Woody's does it splendidly.
And, perhaps more importantly of all, it's just where everyone is. If you want to see familiar faces (or new ones), Woody's is a great bet. I never fail to run into someone I know, and I always wind up talking to great new people.Let me preface this with the fact that I am only reviewing Woody's as far as going out on the weekends after 11pm. I can't speak for this place during the day, or for it's food. Wait, do they serve food?
Anyway, Woody's is my jam. Sure, you could say I'm biased as I have enjoyed years of genuinely fun, happy memories on the dance floor as well countless more I don't remember so well, but overall this is the best place to go out gay in Philadelphia.
Unlike similar establishments sporting go-go dancers, multiple dance floors, large drinks with a 3:1 vodka:cranberry ratio, awesome music, and exposed brick walls, Woody's does not charge a $40 cover. In fact, it's just $5 if you're a member of the 12th Street Gym (and only $10 for everyone else). What a steal!
Not to mention, Woody's recently finished a huge renovation. The facelift was astonishing; I couln't believe how much it changed for the better! They now have huge windows on the first floor, exposed brick walls, a giant center bar, and even new larger glasses that are actually plastic (so they don't break when they fly out of your hand on the dance floor due to extreme dance moves). The bartenders may have gotten a makeover, too... pretty sure.
Overall, Woody's is the best place in Philly to dance your booty off, no matter your preference. Although, what's with all the Bachelorette parties coming here? Seriously.I love this place. I stayed in Philly for a few weeks. It's the only place I kept going back. There new remodel is fantastic. There's 3 clubs in one. The food is well worth the cash to. What a good vibe. Check it out.I find myself going to Woody's from time to time for a change of pace.  Since the remodel, there is a lot more space, and a bunch of different beers on tap.  I think the prices are a little high, but there is good variety, and they do offer happy hour specials.  There can be a wait for drinks since the bar does get pretty crowded at times.  This bar caters to gay men, so do go in expecting this.  There is a scattering of women throughout as well, but predominantly men.
I am not into the whole club scene, so I don't wander upstairs for dancing and all that-but I have friends that love it there, and choose Woody's to go to for dancing and all that.
This bar is a good for a change of scenery.No longer a beloved gay bar. An epic disappointment. This is the first gay bar that I would go to on college nights before I turned 21, and now it's a completely different atmosphere.This is a good nightlife venue with inexpensive well drinks and karaoke on Sunday nights. The crowd was rather small for a Sunday night but still enjoyable, with good music, a disco ball in the main room, and a full glass exterior. The upstairs was not open around 10pm but it apparently has a great ambiance.My friend and I were planning to check another one which was crazy crowded at 5pm, we were walking around and here's empty. I didn't know until my friend said open your eyes  . The drinks are pretty good, happy hour is so long, from 6 to 9.Hey everyone, if you're new to town or looking for a gay club. DO NOT GO HERE. It use to be gay. It used be fun. It used to have really good music and be openly unapologetically gay. No more! Now it's overrun by straight folks and bachelorette parties. When you go here you're not sure if the person you're hitting on is queer or not. Fun for us. 
Also, a new fun thing they decided to introduce! A dress code. They won't tell us exactly what it is, but it sure is pretty anti black so far. Right now, I do know you're not allowed to wear track pants and adidas? Really c'mon now. You're not fancy woody's. Stop trying to be. You're just making the gayborhood more inaccessible than it already was. Thanks 
Also, it's expensive as hell to go upstairs. $10 cover to upstairs for fairly mediocre music. No thanks! If you need more proof check out the article below. 
http://www.phillymag.com/g-philly/2016/09/22/racism-woodys-dress-code/
TLDR: IT'S NOT A QUEER/GAY CLUB AND IT'S RACIST #boycottwoodysCame by on a Saturday night as opposed to the usual Wednesday nights for college night. There was no cover for the bar but $5 for the dance floor, which I thought was weird.. but hey we wanted to dance so we paid it. It's ALWAYS bumpin' at Woody's which is great. Although my friend and I got hit on by a middle-aged woman who was incredulous that we "didn't want her" but it was a good laugh. She didn't believe we were already with people.I came for their Beyonce night. Danced my ass off and paid too much for drinks that left me obliterated the next day. Would I do it again? In a heartbeat. So good!I honestly think it would be impossible not to have fun at this bar! Even the name is enough to make you smile.
This was the last stop on our Center City bar crawl and it was a phenomenal way to end the night. My favorite part was definitely the abundance of amazingly attractive men that had no sexual interest in me. Still totally worth it, I must say. The music is great, the drinks are strong, and everyone is breaking it down. 
My only complaint about this spot is the price! There was an extra $10 cover to go upstairs to the main dance floor. That's a bit ridiculous, in my opinion, especially when you consider what you have to pay for drinks in the first place. My friend and I got cherry bomb shots for $11 a piece. Absurd.
Still, I would definitely come here after having a few at a more affordable bar. There are not many places in the immediate area that really let loose and get crazy on the dance floor!I used to love woodys, it was always my go to for strong drinks, great music and a fun crowd, but the new layout is AWFUL!  The flow of people between globar, woodys, and the stairs to get upstairs is a complete clusterfuck and a stampede waiting to happen.  I know woodys always gets crowded especially as the weather gets nicer but this new layout does nothing to help things.  I think i'm done with woodys.Good renovations...Still pack them in.  What I can't get past is the fact they do not take credit cards at the bar? Are the owners too cheap to pay for the transaction fees?  They play the videos on the monitors downstairs too loud...if I wanted loud music I would pay $10 and go upstairs to the dance club.  And try some diversity in your music choices...heavily reliant on a lot of rapper videos...some of whom have expressed their dislike of gays...dont quite understand why a gay bar would play their music...It is getting harder and harder to find a gay bar that has a laid back vibe to it...they are trying way too hard to be "in the moment" and the result is like a date that is trying way too hard to impress you...Just chill out, breathe, turn the music down a bit and let the patrons create some of the vibe...Dropped off two tourists friends who wanted to dance... It was 10:30 on Thursday and we were coming from dinner... They showed their INTERNATIONAL drivers license and copy of passport (whoever is used to travelling knows is not safe to carry the actual passport), and the bouncer just told them: No, you cant get in. They called me to pick them up and just go home, but I decided to go to the bouncer and ask him why was he denying them access... He said: Its the law!... I replied: what law?... He mumbled some law and then said, basically, I can deny entrance because they are drunk!!!... I said, they are not drunk because one of them does not drink and the other had just one drink at dinner... Then he said that I may be stupid... 1. Since when Woodys became a place of arrogance and intolerance being a landmark for LGBT community???... 2. Since when a bouncer makes a discriminatory and disrespectful assessment on the spot and brings up a so called law to deny access based on his ignorant perception???... 3. Since when a bouncer has the right to call a client stupid???... Anyhow, not going there ever again and will do everything in my power to prevent friends to do so... The change with new ownership is clear but sad at the same time... Ridiculous however you look at it!!!Not sure how it is now, but i went back in 2011 during college night which i believe is wednesday nights. It was great though. I danced all night music was great and girls were hot. If you're looking to hook-up and you're a gay girl beware a lot of straight girls go, if you're a gay guy you're in good standing.Omg. Does the bar owner realize how much money they just lost tonight having 1 bartender on duty during Out and Equal? Wow.Decent place cheaper drinks for philly usually packed on the weekends, but if you're uncomfortable being unwantingly touched by random strangers keep your distance, because it will happen it seems the gay community is ok with same sex molestation I know if I touched a woman the way the men were touching me I'd have been thrown out or arrested. Security didn't seem to care when I asked for help either .A couple of trips to Philadelphia have revealed Woody's as the place everyone ends up going to at some point during the night.  I'm still trying to figure out why, to be frank (or Scott, or Mitch, or...).  
It's an OK place to drink, and I think I performed karaoke here once - good times.  
I also find it a bit frightening here that so many of these reviews are by "straight" men.  Hrmmm...Pretty good place for dancing and drinks. Unfortunately there is a cover fee for the dance floors upstairs, but there's enough room downstairs to dance. I had enjoyed dancing upstairs more though because there weren't many people dancing downstairs. I felt like Billy Idol, dancing with myself. Later in the evening, my friends and I were able to get upstairs without a charge, because they thought we were awesome :) They have 2 rooms, a smaller room had poles (yay!) and played more hip hop kind of music. The bigger room had a DJ who played a lot of pop EDM. I know Philly isn't really big on the club scene, but I had an enjoyable night of dancing nevertheless!Who knew Woody's had a fabulous brunch?!!
After enjoying some tasty bar snacks at a recent bar crawl...blake f and I decided to check out brunch on Sunday...and were NOT disappointed.  The homemade bloody mary's were some of the best I've had, perfect amount of spiciness, countered by the coolness of cucumber vodka...I'm hooked!
We had a veggie frittata and the french toast.  The frittata was light and fluffy with fresh spinach and roasted tomatoes, DELICIOUS!  The french toast was floating in yummy grand marnier infused maple syrup and was SOOO good.  Both entrees came with thin sliced breakfast potatoes and fresh fruit.  A TON of food for a great price.  
Thanks Tommy D. for cooking up a mean brunch!OK, first of all, I am not gay - I am a straight, married, corporate chick with a young kid and a pug dog - and I LOVE WOODY's.
I come by myself on Wednesday Nights for the best cheap Italian food around - and an Arnold Palmer.
The gay community is alive & well at Woody's and the DJs have the tunes pumpin' - but I go early and have a quiet little dinner.  Usually I get the fabulous Chicken Francese or Marsala.  They serve the meals with fresh bread, a plate of Olive Oil and a roasted long-hot pepper.
The crabmeat salad - appetizer or entree size (I get the small one and it's still huge) is fresh and tasty.  The pasta is al dente.
And... the eye candy is a bonus - even for a straight-chick like me.Worst bar experience ever!  It was our last night in Philly and we thought we might as well check the place out.  We ordered well drinks and after the bartender sat them down he says, "that will be $8 each". We were kind of stunned and didn't say much.  We had paid $9 a drink at Tavern on Camac the night before with top shelf so we had higher expectations I think.  Then we took the first sip and could not believe it.  The drinks were very weak, tasted like mostly mixer!  I enjoy a good cocktail. I'm not some 22 year old who "doesn't want to taste the alcohol". No offense to 22 year olds, I'm sure you want your money's worth too! And yes, I did order the well drinks, but that doesn't mean it shouldn't be worth it - especially if I'm paying $8 each! But the thing that drove me over the edge was when he ran my card and the total was $17.60. I know what you're thinking - have I ever heard of tax, BUT if that were the case, then why didn't the bartender say "that'll be $8.80 each instead of eight dollars each?!? So maddening!! I will never go back even if it is the go to gay club in the area.  Tabu had a much better vibe, fantastic drink specials and bartenders who not only know how to pour a decent drink, but have personality too!  If I could give the place 0 stars I would.I had the lasagna from Tommy D. and it was delicious! A generous portion for the price with lots of meat.  The sauce was good and very fresh and home made.  I thought it was seasoned very well and not loaded with salt or msg.  The pasta was just the right tenderness and the cheese blend was so good.  Definitely a good dish.  
I also had the loaded fries and all I can say is YUMMM!! Cheese and crispy bacon makes the loaded fries a great snack!Rude staff, especially the security guys, i.e. the bouncers, expensive drinks... I'm fine thanks. This place is popular but other places are too, and more welcoming.$30 and attitude for 2 beers and 2 shots at happy hour. Maybe....if they took credit card and had air conditioning. But they don't. I won't go back.I will always feel at home at Woody's.  I've been coming here for 10 years- the 1st time was back when I was in high school, with my fake id.  Through the years, I have developed deep bonds with many gays.  They will always be the ones to comfort me and dry my tears. I have many times come to Woody's heart broken, in tears, only to leave happy and smiling.  I was destined to marry a gay man.Went here for Hallowwen - Had a great night - very nice bar - lots people - great music - a bit touristy but not overwhelming - great ambiance - although is a gay bar you could see why everyone gay or not would come here - fun place!!!!What a fun Thursday night we had. First of all I went with a gay friend and we are both Latinos and it was Latin night in one of the areas.... We danced so much, the music was amazing!!! I was so impressed at the music and atmosphere.... And yes it is a gay bar but a lot of straight women and even men go because it is fun!!! 
I only have two complaints... One, what is up with the heat???? Do they even turn their ac on??? I was having so much fun I didnt even want to leave but I was soaking wet to the point I needed to leave haha. And 2, All the sweat and spilled drinks on the dancefloor should be taken care of quickly from time to time, came a point it was a skating ring. But they didnt stop me from having such a great time.Good beer list.  Okay service.  
I've stopped in here 3 different Saturday afternoons in a group of 2-3.  Usually takes a few minutes to get the attention of the bartender, whether the place is fairly empty or jam-packed.  But the beer list is nice.  
Cash-only, so be ware.Sometimes all it takes is a makeover!  I absolutely love Woody's now, and I have so much fun now and so do all of my friends.  Since the renovations, I've been there about 10 times, and I've had amazing times there..... great music, amazing job.btw---does not accept credit cards--- but okay so, i am not gay.......but we decided to check woodys out because there was a DJ that we wanted to see---and it was a girls night---so what could be any better than a gay bar? haha......also it was a lame tuesday night...but by the time we left there, the dance floor was going crazy!! Service was pretty fast for drinks yay.....and everyone was cool and was all about having a good time ! I will definitely be back at some point. Im going to have to try their food asap.....karen f is making me hungry.I'll say up front that I am a) not a man and b) only gay about 60% of the time, so if you don't fit that demographic my review might be less relevant?
Playing queer ambassador when visiting friends in Philadelphia, I first decided to check out Sisters, as it is the more theoretically appropriate venue for trying to pick up girls. However! Dancing was bad, and Woody's was v. close by and also not charging a cover by that point in the night (a bit past one.) And what a good decision it was.
Packed full of happy, sweaty people dancing it up to alternately awful and awesome club music. 70% gay men, 20% straight girls, 10% ambiguous. I get why girls like gay clubs (there are creepers there, but none we have to worry about) and I also get why gay guys hate straight girls in gay clubs (I'm not super happy about straight guys trolling lesbian bars, though the motivation is usually somewhat different) but in general I felt pretty welcome here. 
Anyway, long story short, thank you Woody's for being a place to dance hard until close when it was all I wanted to do that night. For this, and the friendly cute crowd, four stars.Woody's is Philadelphia's generic gay bar. Strong drinks, shirtless bartenders, booty poppin', Single Ladies on heavy rotation, ect....
Its always cool to stop in at Woody's on a random occasion. There is usually a large crowd after 11pm and weekends are always packed. If you're on the prowl... chances are that the other 60% of the people there are too. Some times its a little over whelming how 'friendly' guys can be, but its to be expected. The upstairs its a great layout, there is an enormous dance floor with two bars on opposite sides. The lighting on the dance floor is really intense, especially at 1:45am and a few drinks under your belt. There is also plenty of seating to sit a few songs out and refuel.
I've been regularly going to the dance party called Snacks. Its easily one of the best dance nights I've been to in the city. The night starts out with drinks specials and ends with everyone dancing to great music until last call. From my experiences, it seems like the clientele is usually younger. Probably some kids with fake IDs floating around.
Woody's is a fun place for everyone and is very welcoming. Yes, if you're looking for trouble at Woody's you'll probably find it.The last time I was here was 2 years ago. Just last night we were walking on Pine Street and saw rainbow flags. Here's where my amnesia kicked in. I didn't recognize the bar because now there are big sliding glass door windows that spill out onto the sidewalk. My partner said they renovated recently. And there's an upstairs too? What the...
It was of course dead on Sunday night, but we had fun people watching and watching music videos. I love the brick walls and the big open doors. The bartenders were friendly. And I love that its non-smoking. The amount of beer taps deserved a picture! And the rainbow-colored Prism beer tap caught my eye. I got a free small sample but didn't like its fruity (haha) and flat tap taste. Tootled upstairs to refresh my mind. There was hip-hop/R&B thumping on the dance floor with a few patrons. 
OVERALL:
Nice selection of bottle & drafts, good prices, and non-smoking.Not excepting an international drivers licence in 2017 is a joke.  For safety reasons, people aren't going to take their passports out. 
If your potential customers clearly look over 21, get off your stupid 'script', use some initiative and let the people in. 
We were told, "oh it's because of fake IDs" maybe,  for people that clearly look like they are 21. 
Learn your international IDs - not that hard.
What a joke.Was there last night (Saturday) with my friend who was visiting from Ireland. He was grabbed by a man by the head who dragged him into the bathroom. When the guy sails, "Suck on this", dragging my friends head down. He managed to get his head free & said, "Suck on this" & head headbutted him. A scuffle broke out & my friend was kicked out. When we asked why he was being kicked out, for nearly being raped he was told by security that the other guy was a regular. That is so wrong. Come on Woodys you may have did yourselves up, but this aggressive behavior seems to still be about. If ye want to be RAPED, go to Woodys, should be your adThis is such a great place to go on a Saturday night! Even though the cover is $10, it's definitely worth it. My friends and I love going to Woody's because we always have a great time when we go. The people are friendly and the music is great ( in both rooms). I would definitely recommend it!This is the place "everyone" goes to just because "everyone" goes there. That said, I have had a few drinks here over the years but lately the place seems to be on a decline. The remodel is nice making the space more open and pub-like but it is pretty dark. On my last visit I had a bourbon and ginger - it was mostly ginger ale.
The bartender was more interested in his cell phone and then his what I suspect was girlfriend by the attention he paid to her.  
Back in the day Woody's was a great place with strong rinks, decent bar staff who could remember what you drank and a mixed crowd. The Weiss brothers "magic" seems to have destroyed that.very. very. loud ! even on a Sunday night with no dj or large crowd the music is extremely loud it's hard to have a conversation. they have a nice beer selection and very generous liquor poursI recently moved to Philly and have been loving it. I had family in town for my birthday last weekend and everyone wanted to go dancing. We ended up at Woody's and had a blast. However, I left my debit card at the bar upstairs (I forgot to close my tab) and this is where the 1 star comes to play. I called 2 times and left messages describing what happened and how to reach me. I emailed 5 separate times and stopped in the bar twice to ask if they had the card. I was told the manager would have to deal with it but he was not in till 9pm and he suggested I email (which I had 5 times). The card was left on Saturday night, it's now Thursday and I've not heard from ANYONE at Woody's. I find this extremely rude and unprofessional. Since common courtesy seems to no longer exist, I've now had to cancel my card and order a new one. Thanks for nothing Woody's!A Philadelphia gay icon, this club/bar always promises a good time. The staff are friendly and they do a great job of keeping the crazies out.
The drinks are pricey, really strong and sometimes too strong that its no longer good. The $10 cover charge upstairs is a lil steep for many so the bar downstairs get really packed. Thank God for the renovations, the windows out front can now open into the sidewalk for more space. 
The dance floor is always slammed on Fridays and Saturday. Woody's is always packed for any special events: Outfest, Midtown Festival, Pride, Thanksgiving Eve, New Years Day after the mummers parade.Used to always visit this spot, always lovely bartenders and great people watching. Love going to the upstairs to dance also. However, last night was a totally different experience. I went in around 8pm with a gentleman friend. We ordered drinks and exchanged pleasantries with the accommodating bartender. Soon we realized it smelled of a mix of old
Vomit and a port-a-potty. We mentioned it to the bartender and he tried his best to joke with us and say "yeah you aren't the first person to tell me that tonight" I ordered a draft and my friend ordered a bottled beer which we had to take outside to drink. I was sick to my stomach from the interior smell. I don't know how the bartenders work there under such awful conditions. As a service industry employee for over 20 years this disturbed me. WILL NOT EVER RETURNWoodys has a huge identity crisis. It used to be a fun gay club, but slowly has changed to a much-less-fun straight bar that happens to be in the gayborhood.  C'est la vie. 
It's well over 50% straight girls on weekends, and while some are great, many are very young, entitled and wasted beyond belief.  I was puked on 2x in one night, had an entire drink spilled on me by a very tipsy girl and my butt was grabbed by a random drunk bride-to-be. (No. just no).   I would estimate that upstairs is now ~80% straight girls and frat boys trying to score with them. The bartenders are for the most part straight, and they clearly no longer cater to the gay crowd (except for rainbow flags flying out in front). 
I'm all for inclusion, but these 21 year old entitleds need to go. Call me old (now that I'm over 30) but I miss the days when gay bars had gay guys in them. 
Someone please let me know when this is a gay bar again.I have to say, I thought we made a mistake when we walked in the doors.  It was a smallish dining room, with a wood paneling and smallish table and those cheesy red and white plastic table clothes.  
I am glad we sat down to have a bite to eat.  The Lasagna was meaty and huge!  More than enough for the meal, so much so that my dinner companion wished he hadn't order the side salad.  
My chicken was cooked well and the lemon sauce was the perfect tartness to make this a fabulous dish.  the accompanying spaghetti was very good with a slightly spicy meat red sauce.  
Be warned though, they don't accept credit cards, but otherwise a nice place to stop for dinner. 
MyFun bar atmosphere & strong drinks. Friendly bar tenders as well. The DJ was playing great songs to get the crowd dancing.I'm 37 and I felt like I was old as shit there. I also don't drink and being around everyone walking around throwing up and spilling their drinks was a mess. The place was dirty the bathrooms were gross.The music was hirable. Felt like a straight rave party for young drunk children. There was no room to move around. The bouncers were rude. I will never go here again. And would not recommend this place to anyone.I wouldn't have felt right about staying at Sisters all night without letting my wingman have his place in the limelight. So we headed to Woody's an hour before they shut down the dance floor, and sadly we both regretted it. At the last venue we'd both had options on the field and here it was a snobby desert. DJ was fine, spinning tunes without issues while we danced with less enthusiasm. Everyone on the dance floor had their own thing going on-- a mating dance against the wall, a handful of other hags interspersed through the crowd. I tried distancing myself to keep from handicapping my friend, but the stand-offishness continued for him. We ended up protecting each other from an overly pushy bi boy who reeked of desperation and greasy food until the music stopped and the lights came on. Womp womp, dance floor cover wasn't worth it that late in the night.Always a good time. Very rarely have I encountered a line on a Friday or Saturday night. No cover. Just found out that the bar that converges with the main first floor bar is the separate Rosewood bar. The main first floor bar plays a lot of top 40, ranging from pop, rock, funk, and hip-hop. Rosewood has a bit less space and gets a bit more dirty. It plays more hip-hop, 90's pop and r&b. $10 to go to the upstairs dance floor.Nice friendly gay bar in Philly. There wasn't much attitude and its a nice neighborhood bar.The best way for us to end the night. We wanted to dance and we got what we wanted. The drinks were strong people were friendly. We went upstairs and the music was bumping. I have never been somewhere like that in Atlanta. Had such a fun time letting loose!Out of the comfort zone but a great place to have some fun.  This is not a place myself and my wife would normally frequent but as it has some of the best dancing and thats what she wanted to do.  Friday night the drinks were flowing and she wanted to dance.  Yelp said this was the best place and they weren't wrong.  Good crowd.  Great DJ.  Lots of fun.I had an amazing experience here! The music was amazing (perfect blend of pop, rock, and hip hop throw back jams from the 1990s and early 2000s) and my friends and I danced for hours! Our bartender, Nikki, made the experience even better. She was so genuinely kind, fun, and attentive. Would definitely come back again!First time at Woody's in Philly though I don't think there's a connection to the one in NYC. Drink prices were reasonable and the downstairs bar was a decent size. Didn't care for the $10 cover to go upstairs. The idea of having one portion of the establishment free and paying for another portion left a bad taste in my mouth.Apparently they have a dress code on Friday's and Saturday's because my low crotch sweats didn't make the cut. My hotel was near so I was able to change and return. This is honestly a way to keep minorities from patronizing a business. Not a good first impression for me.The worst experience tonight. They carded everyone regardless of age. My friend bartended there for 18 years and wouldn't let him in because he didn't have id. He's 69. Never againStaff was nice and barservice was up to par. Music was a bit loud for it being the off time I was there.The only bar in the gayborhood were you are patted down like a criminal. Hey guys, news flash, if you feel the need to check patrons for weapons, your doing something wrong.Woody's is one of those places that I didn't feel intimidated walking into. That may sound strange as I am a straight woman, but a lot of bars have this closed, insider atmosphere. The main bar area is in a square, which makes it more open and welcoming rather than groups of cliques. I'm not pushing people to get to the bar.
Woody's upstairs dance spot is a standout. Before Voyeur took over the major bookings, I got to see some amazing techno music from global DJs. I saw Gui Boratto there, which was a staggering booking. Unbelievable. 
Woody's has a sort of regular guy appeal. Or regular gal in my case.What happened to Woody's?!  I haven't gone to Woody's in a couple of years and recently went on a Friday night.  The dancefloor was changed, the stadium seating was gone, it was surprisingly clean, and there were go-go boys?!  Was I in some weird Twilight Zone, did I get roofied on my way to the dancefloor, or maybe it was some kind of blunt trauma to my head that was causing me to halucinate all of the changes...  The dancefloor was packed as usual and the drinks were doubly potent!  There were even hold-over ravers on the sidelines of the dancefloor bobbing dubiously to a remix of Beyonce's "Get Bodied" - much love to the DJ for making me appreciate "Pat your weaves ladies"!!How could I have ever given Woody's only 3 stars?? I came back on a Wednesday night when it was FAR more crowded, but with no intention of paying the $10 cover charge to enter the dance floor--besides, Wednesday night is College Night, and they charge $10 just to dance? I don't quite understand that, but I decided it would be far more worth it to save that money and spend it on drinks, which I did.  I also ran into about 8 people there that night (some of whom I hadn't seen in months), which made it even better!  I will DEFINITELY come back!I've been going to Woody's since the 80s, when there wasn't a dance floor but it was the fun place to go for cocktails before one hit a dance club.  I'm a straight female with a laidback, nonjudgmental vibe and one of the things that I love about Woody's is that it welcomes everybody.  Yes, it's a gay bar but even in the 80s, I'd go with my fellow gay/straight/bi/male/female/whatever waitstaff friends to relax and dance.  Woody's really represents Philly's melting pot of diversity and fierce uniqueness that not every city has.  A cool Philadelphian might see something new and maybe "shocking" but then usually says "Whatever! It's all good!"  City of Brotherly and Sisterly Love!  I was thrilled to learn after my divorce that Woody's now had not 1 but 2 dance floors!  I dance with everybody.....last time I was there, there was a guy alone on the dance floor dancing to salsa.  I took his hand (I'm a closet Latina in my soul) and we had a blast salsa dancing.  The DJ kept spinning great music for us.  I finally thought I better let the poor man go so he could dance with a guy, but he was actually disappointed that I did!  When I walked over to my girlfriend, who had been talking to a guy, I learned that the guy was my dance partner's partner!  He'd said to my girlfriend, "Oh, cool!  My boyfriend found someone to dance salsa.  He always wants to, but I don't know how!" and my friend replied "That's MY friend he's dancing with!  She loves salsa!"  Everybody was happy!  And that, in a nutshell for me, is Woody's.  Hope it's there forever.   - MichelleThis is the place to BE on a Friday night! The music is popping in all spaces. The last room I visited had stripper poles and it was a ton of fun for me and my friends for a birthday. I can't wait to come back to Philly just to come back to Woody's and F IT UP!Was planning to eat at the restaurant Fish but they close at 9pm on Sundays. Wow, did not expect a bar to have such good food -- the salmon tacos were cooked perfectly with a delicious curry sauce. Fun and friendly atmosphere, great service. They only take cash but it's reasonably priced.Great bar and fun time, but the lights upstairs really bothered my head! If you are down for a rave, upstairs is where you want to be, otherwise stick to the downstairs. The music selection here is on-point!Great music, awesome dance floor, strong drinks, gay people being gay. It's Woody's. You love it. Some people pretend to hate it, but everyone secretly loves it. Stop lying to yourself.. you love it too.Here are my issues with a bar that has been a staple of the Philly scene for so many years.
1) Cash only policy is very 1990's; accept credit cards already
2) The DJs play very little relevant music; instead they play almost exclusively hip-hop music to a predominately white and latino crowd that doesn't want to here hip-hop (I am speaking only about the Friday/Saturday nights)
3) Overpriced well drinks are cheaper in most NYC bars; be prepared for a real rip off on the drinks.  I assume this is how they want to re-coup their renovation expenses.
The sad thing is, Woodys is one of the few options for gays in Philly.  It offers much more square footage than most other bars but 'space' is about the only highlight of the place.  This is what happens when one developer owns the majority of the properties - price fixing and just plain ignorance of what customers want.  
For reference, I am basing this review in comparison to similar bars in NYC, Chicago and Dallas - all places I have lived and experienced first hand.  Philadelphia ranks last and it shouldn't.
I will give credit to the two positives I see about the bar:
1) overall friendly wait-staff/bartenders
2) the recent renovation is a very nice improvement
But the cost of the drinks, the generally lousy music and their inability to upgrade their POS machines to the 21st century and accept credit cards is why this bar ranks so low for me.I had a good time here. The one dj upstairs on the colorful dance floor was kind of boring but the DJ on the opposite side was great! cover is $10 on weekends (could be cheaper) but a great place for ANYONE to come to and enjoy.Really!?  Let's keep bumping up the cover for a bar that has over priced drinks, marries bottles of liquor, and continues to have the attitude of the 'it' place in down.  Drop the cover, drop the prices and this is the IDEAL dive bar.  Dirty bathrooms, poor ventilation, off kilter crowd, sloppy events, ...Went to Woody's on a Saturday night. Got there around 10:45-11. Parking is nearby runs around $20.  Nice crowd, no cover.  The drinks are a little pricey, $14 for a large rum and red bull for example.  The downstairs is nice but gets packed really fast.  To enjoy the upper level there is a $10 charge, but worth it in my opinion.  We enjoyed the upstairs and came down once or twice.  The best thing about this place are the multiple rooms and variety of music.  If you like to dance you will definitely find a room you enjoy, the music is that good.  Lots of different kinds of people here, my boyfriend and I had no problem enjoying ourselves with our friends and having a great time.I ALWAYS have a good time when I come here. The drinks are good and the music is always on point. This is the perfect place to have drinks & dance the night away. I love the shirtless guys too. LolPlease do yourself a favor and never ever come here. Garbage garbage. Come here if you love people being rude to you, man-handling you in the name of "safety" and generally being jerks. Terrible music. Terrible dance floor. Terrible "service".Meh.  They're still the biggun in Philly.  And you're probably thinking that NYC clubs have spoiled me.  Not so.  
I was going to Woody's and Philly bars well before ones in big cities.  Woody's just isn't my thing.  Even back in the day when they had mostly a gay crowd I didn't like them.  
I've always found them to be overpriced with bad dj's.  They're just outdated.  And now it's more of a mixed crowd and I like it less.  I'm all about mixed crowds...but we have to have some things that are mostly just for our community.So much fun. Really strong drinks so you get your money's worth and the dance floor is the best in philadelphia. I love the atmosphere and the gays are a hoot.ABSLOUTLEY VILE.  If the reviews from all the hetero women don't put you off, the stench of re-used grease to fry food mixing with the stench of the bathrooms will.  Woody's used to be fun - now it's full of drunk straight women who spill drinks and love to go to a gay bar "for a laugh" or even worse - a bachelorette party.  That - mixed with the pickpockets and meth whores is a bad, bad mix.  Stay away.I prefer Woody's around Happy Hour. The bartenders are cool and I always have great conversations with friends when it is less crowded. I've been a patron of Woody's since 1998. My first time in a gay bar with some friends I worked with in Jersey. A very sexy 33 year old man approached my 18 year old self on the dance floor and proceeded to dance with me. He was hot  by my inexperience. We danced very close and there was a bit of groping. He asked me to come home with him. I said I have to go back with my friends to Jersey. He offered to drive me home the next day. He just wanted to get off. I was like no, but here's my number. There were a few courtesy calls, but he wanted one thing that night. No big deal. 
Woody's has always been a love-hate with me. When planning to go out, I try to go somewhere because I think it tired and played out. After circling the gayborhood, I always end up at Woody's to end the night. Now, under new ownership, Woody's is still the place to be on Wednesdays for the 18 and up crowd upstairs and the chicken hawks downstairs. Thursday is the latin night if you like it a spicy! Friday is your Midtown Village alternative if you do not wish to trek it up to Shampoo for Shaft Fridays. 
Also, now they serve brunch in the cafe which is a nice cozy place for your gay friends to chat about last night's debauchery! So, go Woody's now Go! This establishment will always be a part of every gay in the tri-state area! Long Live Woody's!BEWARE: I know several people who've had wallets, handbags and phones stolen. That tells you the type of people that go here. Stay away!Not a fan.  Lots of straight women, not a lot of respect for different folks who don't fit into the gayborhood box or women coming along with those men.Totally fun!!  Great dance music and lots of hot men and women!!Boy, how the mighty have fallen.  To Philadelphians Woody's is equivalent to the Astor Hotel in NYC.  Not so.  I'll lay my money where my mouth is: I remember this bar before it had a dance floor, before it had a restaurant, and before it became lazy.  Woody's was never par excellence, but it was a neighborhood LGBT bar that stood above the rest.  Since the departure of the founder and owner (namesake Woody), the place appears as drab as a hillbilly honkeytonk on a slow Tuesday night (and I apologize to hillybilly honkytonks).  The bartender (who was a looker) was dense as a brick, dumbfounded on the subject of rum (when I asked for a rum and coke) and admitted that it had been at least 10 months since he had made an Old Fashioned (aren't bartenders supposed to have some schooling in mixology??).  The drinks me and my friend did receive were bland, the glasses reaking of a sour water washing (no kidding), and the crowd: aged and tired, reminding me once again why I moved away from this city.
Bottom line: Can I say more???  Nah.  Nuff said.I had heard for awhile that if I was going to visit the "gayborhood" in Philadelphia, a quintessential venue was Woody's. I am very simple when it comes to "going out" and having a good time. Just have a hypnotic atmosphere, great music, and keep the party going. This is exactly what Woody's did! 
Be sure to download their app in your smart phone device when you arrive, as they offer drink specials, videos, images and a schedule in real-time. What a great customer connection component to the experience! 
I would say that the 2nd floor dance space was by far the best. The music was not house, and in my opinion that's for the best. Recognizable tunes that the whole crowd (who was only only gay, but very eclectic) could get into.
So glad I went to Woody's with my friend and when I visit Philly again and have a chance I'd love to go back and work on my dance moves. :-) A+Best dance club ever because on the top floor every now and then this amazing mist comes out which blinds you for a few seconds. Why is this amazing you ask me? I dunno, it just is, trust me!!!Beware... I have spent over 3 hours on the phone now and have to then head to the DMV and Bank to replace/cancel everything that was stolen along with my wallet from Woodys last night. I chose to post, because I was with multiple friends who said the same thing happened to them or acquaintances within the past year - so there is clearly a pattern and possibly even a setup or "ring" of some sort going on. Dancers and drinkers bewareTheir drinks are decent, but the crowd that they attract can sometimes be obnoxious. There is also a lot of racial discrimination at the bar, especially towards black men.  The music is not very good, it can be quite repetitive. I do enjoy Sunday brunch there, but the lesbians who work in the kitchen are really nasty.Well, thank God they renovated the place. I used to leave Woody's feeling vaguely cheap and dirty, but the renovations have decreased the sketchiness factor quite a lot. It's cash only, which sucks, but that's life. The drinks are strong and reasonably priced, in my opinion. What used to be a place I'd only venture on Wednesdays (college night) and only after a very hefty pregame is now a place I stop for drinks with friends on a regular basis.One of the best gay bars I've been to yet!! This place has everything...two huge bars...a dance club...and HOT SHIRTLESS MEN!!!! need I say more? What's even better is that unlike other gay clubs I've been to, the music they played was actually danceable (I hate that long techno shit)! LOOOVE IIIIT!!!Do. Not. Come. Here!  If you are  not amongst the regulars you will be threatened to be kicked out if you inquire about upstairs ( random staffer named David threatened to kick us out.).   Way overpriced for the experience.  So bad I created my yelp account to complain.  Again do NOT COME HERE!!!!Woody's. It's a very special place. Located in the gayborhood, it's one of philly's main gay bars/clubs. During the weekend, don't expect to be able to move on the main floor. My suggestion is to head back to the Rosewood Room. This is a second bar around the corner that tends to be much less crowded. My friends and I would often come here while we were waiting for the top floor to open. 
Oh yes, did I mention that woody's has a 10$ cover for it's dance floor? However, if you're willing to wait until 1:30, then they waive the cover for the second-floor dance floor and you get to go for FREE! As a college student, I'm not ashamed to say that I often eagerly counted down the minutes to make it upstairs. )just note this only leaves you half an hour, as woody's closes at 2am, as mandated by PA state law. 
When you finally make it up the stairs and hear the music blasting, you'll just be like YAAAAAAAAS. if you're into hip hop, then turn right into the smaller dance room. But if you're like me, follow the voice of Rihanna/Kesha/Brittany/Robyn and behold the whole reason to come to woody's.
The music is amazing. I haven't ever been to a club that comes anywhere close. On top of that, there's great effects. Lights, smoke--everything in time to the music. So many great memories here. I've been here with gay friends, straight girl friends, even a straight guy friend came (hmmm...that's a different story). Anyway, there's a good number of straight couples, but they're in the minority. If you go, you will have a good time. It's not glamorous. This is Philly after all. But it's the best option, and I was happy about it
Not a world-class club. But uniquely philly. Check it out!I went on a day/night when I was on a bar crawl, it was a lot of fun, the upstairs is where you should go, enjoy the music/alcohol highly recommend itOmg I love it here!!! First time going a few weeks ago and I have to go back the next time I am in philly! I love that there are multiple rooms with different music playing.  The bartenders are VERY friendly and make the night even more fun!  Def check it out if you're into having a good time!!Our first time in Philly and we came back to this club two nights in a row! They have really good music and the different rooms were really nice. The cover is a little hefty but we found everywhere worth going in philly had a cover so we didn't mind. Came with a big group (ranging from very accepting open minded people and some straight macho men) but every single person felt comfortable and had fun. Don't let the bad reviews scare you from giving this place a try! We also went to voyer for the after party and that was super fun too!I love this place! The bartenders were super friendly and attentive. Drinks are reasonably priced and the music was great. It wasn't very crowded on a Friday night which left plenty of room for dancing. It is a CASH ONLY place, so don't forget to hit up the atm before going in.This is not a gay bar. It used to be years ago but is no longer. Whenever this change took place, the name should also have been changed so innocent patrons like me wouldn't be taken by surprise. As a bar it's fine. As a gay bar it's awful. I hadn't been here since moving from Philadelphia 20 years ago so imagine my horror when two busty hooters-type girls carrying trays came up to me and asked if I wanted a jello shot. I ran from the place like I was being chased by a rhinoceros....all the way to the Bike Stop.Woodys is already filled with blacked out bridal parties and terrible homophobic security guards but now they have a new cover policy.  Woodys is not that good of a bar to have a cover.   There are plenty of other fun LGBTQ bars that dont have covers or homophobic security guards.Well, this used to be the best gay bar/club in the city, but those days are gone. On any given Friday or Saturday night, there are hoards more straight women and now straight men then there are gay ones. I've been coming here since 2013, and in the last year or so Woody's has basically become a typical straight bar/club that just happens to have rainbow flags outside it. The gay guys who made this place great over the years have basically abandoned it for Tavern and (still) Voyuer. Now they charge a $10 cover just to get in the door, where as before you only had to pay to go upstairs. 
If you want to go to an actual gay club and dance, don't go here because the amount of straight women who act like they own the place will ruin it for you.A little overwhelming when I first arrived.... But was quickly told that if I paid $10 for the upstairs section I could get in free across the street @ Vouyer Night Club. Waited in a short line and paid the $10. The upstairs area was the place to be. Crowded but just enough space to move around. The music was excellent a little bit of 90's mixed in with today's Hip Hop/ R&B. I got a Ciroc mixed drink for $12. I was a little skeptical because of the price but it comes in a large cup. Definitely will visit this place again!I must say I'm chagrined at the amount of heterosexual females writing reviews.
First, the bar is neighborhoody and quite friendly.  Lots of regulars hang out there, including myself, and the happy hour prices ($3 well drinks) are probably the best in the Gayborhood.  
Second, unlike a lot of the niche bars, Woody's tends to have a diverse, mixed crowd of different races, ages, sizes, shapes, outlooks, experiences, and pocketbooks.  It's why I find it to be the best gay bar here in the city.
The bartenders are all top notch, and if they're just adequate they're great to simply look at.  The gentlemen now running the kitchen, Tommy D., has revamped the menu and has done a fantastic job of it.
I'd simply say that in any gay bar, or bar for that instance, people have bad days, including staff, and that sometimes a bad vibe just comes in with certain customers.  I always give a place a second chance, and I'd urge anyone to do so if they were not satisfied the first time around.
Also, they have probably the best daytime bartender I've met in all my days.I have never been here to eat...only to drink and dance, but that always satisfies me. It's a lot nicer since they renovated. I love the huge doors that they open on a nice day. One of my friends and I (both straight) went out dancing here after having dinner nearby recently and had an amazing night. Not too thrilled about the $10 cover to go upstairs to dance, but it's worth it to battle dance with some fierce men and watch them work it on the stripper poles. The music is fun and the AC is always pumping (thank you Woodys!). Great people and strong drinks! And dont miss the after party at Voyeur afterwards! Thanks to the accepting crowd who love on us straight girls right back rather than getting mad at us for dancing with you!Dependable neighborhood establishment with more than meets the eye. There's a fairly large bar area on the first floor with video screens everywhere. It opens out onto a sidewalk patio that's perfect for checking out all the "scenery" walking past in the summertime. And there's a more uptempo dance floor upstairs. Service is fairly attentive, as they always make sure your glass isn't empty. Plus, there's a large beer menu, with some really good imported brews to choose from.
On one recent Saturday night, things were fairly low-key early on at about 10, then got progressively busier until the crowd overflowed onto the patio after midnight. A perfectly decent, unpretentious place to hang out and sip on a few drinks.overall I like woodys but don't like the $10 cover for the dance floor... no cover Sunday. the best night for music is Wednesday teen night.Upstairs is large and spacious and the music is fun.
Two bars offer you selection on either side.
There is also allegedly food here but I never had the gumption to try with all the other Philadelphia restaurants worth trying out.
The dancefloor upstairs is spacious and the crowd is fun.
It's larger upstairs than I expected.I loved everything about Woody's!
No wait to enter. $5 to party on the second floor which had two rooms with two separate DJs. The music was good. They won me over with Brittney Spears in one room, and the other room won me over with the fantastic lighted wall, which my friends and I danced in front of for a while. 
If you don't plan on dancing your backside off all night, the downstairs bar area is low-key, so that's the spot for you.Oh Woody's...   This place is crazy.  You've got half naked men dancing on stages with dollars hanging out of their underwear, loud music, three bars, and gay men everywhere.  I've had a good time both times I've been here, but didn't really enjoy the how the staff treated me and a few other girls while we were waiting for the bathroom.  Overall, this is a fun place, but can definitely be overwhelming.  There's a cover charge to enter the upstairs dance room, I think about 5 dollars.  Have some drinks and go with friends and dance your ass off, and I'm sure you'll have a fun time.So I'm visiting Philly for the first time in years. Woodys  has been totally remodeled and has become a snobbish upscale bar instead of the great neighborhood bar it used to be. Who ever heard of a gay bar that doesn't open until 7 pm. The upstairs bar opens at 10 yet they close at 2.
Bartenders are clueless. I usually am a very generous tipper but when a bartender closes me out immediately after I order my first drink I take that as an insult and feel unwelcome. He told me that they don't allow you to keep a tab open and must close you out although the night before I kept a tab open for a few drinks instead of closing after each drink. This place will always make money because it is a tourist trap. I feel bad that the this is the best Philly has to offer the gay community.
So then at 8:34 they informed me that they were taking all of the chairs away because they were going to get busy and needed the room. Whaaaat!! I spent good money to sit in this chair. Never ever coming back. So many better cities wher it's not all about profit.Why would they name a bar like this Woody's?  Seems like an odd choice.  
Stopped here twice on a recent trip to the city of Brotherly Love (hence the visit here, naturally) and really liked the place.
On a Friday night, it was packed with a wide variety of people, including a lot of girls in short, shiny dresses.  Not sure what was up with that.  They have a very impressive beer list for this type of bar, and although I had a couple of "misses" there were also a few "hits" from my beer selection.
Saturday afternoon in the place had a much more relaxed vibe.  Bartenders were not always on top of what was on the list, but they were friendly and didn't have attitude.  This is a good place to start your night, I believe.  It's lively but not over the top and has a very welcoming feel.
Oh, I just got why they call it Woody's!  That's funny.My friends and I came here to celebrate pride and they wouldn't let my friend in because they claimed her ID was fake when it wasn't!! This was her first time celebrating pride since coming out and she was very excited but was denied. They refused to scan her ID and when we asked to speak to a manager they said they were the manager and couldn't do anything about it. This was very upsetting and ruined the night. Woodys needs to have a better system in place when it comes to things like this. Totally not okay!!Video dance bar that has extended bar and an upstairs bar as well. Had a great time with friends dancing to some great tunes and enjoyed watching videos from the 90's and early 2000's bringing us all back to the day of better dance songs!I dunno.  Friends had given Woody's high praise.  Maybe my expectations were too high or maybe Woody's was having an off night on that particular date.  I dunno...
First of all, I get there, with friends, expecting it to a big place.  What a disappointment when I discovered that the size of the place is no different than those in DC.  I mean, come on!
Plus, there wasn't that many people (ok...men...that better?) in there.  Maybe the cold scared them to stay in their little brick huts.  
All I know is that I gotta go back and check it out and see if Woody's is better.  I sure hope so.Is this a gay bar or a bar that just uses rainbow flags in the gayborhood?  As a tourist I was not sure after being inside!!!
I visit Philly every year and this last time I went to Woody's on a Friday night and I have to say it was not what I expected.  First of all, why are there so many straight women?  Isn't it suppose to be a bar for gay men?  Almost half of the customers were straight women.  Of course everyone should be welcome, but I don't go to gay bars to be around a bunch of straight girls.  At that point I will go to a neighborhood bar and spend less money.  I have never been to a city like Philly where the "gay bars" are so saturated with female customers.  Depletes the purpose.  And if you aren't sure whether or not to believe me, check out the photos.  Most are of girls or taken by girls at Woody's.  That should have been a red flag for me right away.  Not really what I expect from a bar for gay men.
I then waited 30 minutes fighting my way to the bar to only leave NOT served.  The bartender kept serving other customers who were coming up to the counter after me, and some even pushed me out of the way (I'm only 5'4 so I'm easily pushed aside).  I tried to directly say something to the bartender but he ignored me.  I did this for about 30 minutes.  I guess the people he knew by name were more important than a new customer?  I tried to tell one of the doormen, they told me I had to go back and wait.  Sorry, 30 minutes was long enough.  I left.
Maybe if you're a Philly local and enjoy a bar with lots of different type of people and can actually get served you will enjoy Woody's, but as a tourist who enjoys bar hopping in gay neighborhoods I have to say this was a terrible experience.  The other bars I went to in Center City were way better.I have rarely felt more girlish delight in my life than when I stuffed a single down some sweaty gyrating man's boxer-briefs, giggled, then ran away to dance to Gaga.
Bring cash.Always a good time! Great music, good drinks, cute boys! What else do you need? We'll be back!Serbian bartender is the rudest person I've ever met, asking me questions such as "how much did you pay for this drink? It's on special" and "if I go to your workplace and complain, I get things for free? That's what you want? A free drink?" when I was questioning him about the amount of booze in my drink (my 100% sober friend who had just got there couldn't taste any alcohol). Intolerable. Dance floor upstairs is packed and the music is terrible. Also, the restrooms are ridiculously small.Had a great time here. Wish it had more seats on the lower level. The second level had a dance floor which was the type of bar I was looking for. Great music and the people were laid back. I would definitely come back here.I will give woody's a 5 they have always been great and lots of fun on wednesdays and  saturdays I have not lived in the city for several years but I was there during the day during the remodel I still had fun I can't wait till I go back home again in a year to check out what's new.Ahhhhh! This is one of my favorite dance clubs, ever!!! It's a gay bar, which makes it even better.. tons of lively people just having fun! My husband and I have been here a couple of times now.. we both love to dance. I love how each floor/room has a different music and crowd. The bartender on the edm/club mix room is seriously one of the best bartenders I have ever seen. She's fast and makes the best drinks! Cover is $10 a person, the line is usually pretty long but moves fast.. so don't let that stop you.* This review does not include the upstairs portion as it was not open when I was there *
Woodys is a no frills bar . Downstairs looks basic and dark, but has a history.Music was not too overbearing to the point where I can hear conversations ( finally a gaybar that " gets me").
There cocktails are priced at around 7-10 dollars. Drinks were very strong. Bartender was friendly and attentive and tried his best to give me good service. 
Only grip is the upstairs portion . I wish it was open  more during their hours .( I usually come in around 6-8 PM)
If in the area , definitely try this gaybar out . With good bartenders and drinks you cannot go wrong.Well slap my ass and call me Shirley...I am surprised to say that the best dancing in all of Philadelphia can be found at Woody's. And I (at least up until last Saturday night,) was not one to be found shaking what my mama gave me on the dancefloor.
Aside from the fact that you have to pay a cover to get onto the dance floor up on the second level, I had a smashingly good time. Everyone there was so nice and it was great to go to a place with my friends and not get harassed by drunken men trying to play grab ass. Sure, the drinks were pricey and nobody was offering to buy them for us (another bummer, because free booze is the one nice thing about going to those wacky hetero bars) but who cares - we danced the night away to some of my favorite '80s songs and watched boys gone wild, Philly style.
We also laughed ourselves silly at the shirtless bartenders...honestly, that may have been the highlight of my evening (that and the fact that no less than three different men asked us if we were from "America's Next Top Model." I think it's time to get a new cultural reference, guys). Shirtless, hairless man-boys serving me drinks? Pure comedy gold.I've been coming here for years! The management and staff have always been friendly to me and the drinks are def worth it!  I always have a great time! If you're a two-stepper, a wall flower, a dancer, trying to meet new people, or just simply hanging out; this bar has something for everyone (including different genres of music)! They even have Latin night on Thursdays!Tonight I went to Woody's for probably my 5th or 6th time and experienced the most glorious moment of my life. In the midst of their typical Saturday night dance party upstairs, the DJ turned on Lady Gaga's Bad Romance and literally every single gay guy there - from one's you would assume were straight to the super queens - broke out simultaneously into both song and booty-shaking dance. 
Enough said.
(PS - they make the strongest drinks in the city, hands-down)This seems to be the place to go if you are visiting Philly. Every time I mention that I'm visiting Philly on Facebook, several people will comment about going to Woody's. So, it must be the place to be . . . at least for a tourist/visitor. 
I have been to Woody's on several occasions and I've always had a good time. I think that the LGBTQ scene is a little more friendly in Philly than that of NYC. I have always been able to meet and chat with different folks while chilling at Woody's. I was glad to see that Woody's pretty much had representation from a variety of people within the LGBTQ. More importantly, you saw intermingling of different types of people. When I arrived 80's music was the main genre of music of choice and most of the clientele was just chilling (I think people were getting their pre-party on). 
The bartenders were pretty nice and seemed to serve drinks at a quick pace. However, I think that patrons of the bar would be better served if there were more than two bartenders on a Friday night. Also, the bar has a great variety of beers (most gay bars will have 4-5 beers on draft), in addition to your standard and specialty cocktails. I was a little disappointed that the bartender told me that I could not start a tab (but this may be more of a Philly thing, because I ran into the same issue at other places in the area). Then added insult to injury, the sketchy ATM did not work. The bartender, I think his name was Tony, was nice enough to ring me up for two beverages and let me get the other one when I was ready (I would have been fine if he just gave me a double).
One cool think about chilling here before 10:30/11 is that you will receive wrist bands for free admission to the dance club. 
All in all, this is great place to check out, especially if you are a solo traveler in Philly, to get your bearing for the gayborhood.I'm not one for gay bars or clubs or what have you, despite my penchant for... well, for being gay.  Woody's, for me, is no exception and in some cases, it's the epitome of why I don't go for gaycentric social scenes.
Most times that I find myself there, I've been overwhelmed by the amount of young, screaming boys and old, gawking men.  I've also been subject to very assertive guys who need direct rejection because they don't "get the hint" when I'm not interested.
One good thing about Woody's though, is Dave P's Snacks party on the 1st and 2nd tuesdays of every month.  There's always great music and a more tolerable crowd, as Dave P brings a more chill and relaxed, dare I say, hipster crowd, that just wants to have fun without being in anyone's face.  Also $1 PBRs until midnight are my favorite.
All in all, you'll only ever find me at Woody's during Snacks, and even then, I'll probably be avoiding you.Glad they are back open.
Portions small for the price.
Salad with chicken was like an appetizer for $9.00, and tomatoes were extra.
Waitress slow and didn't know the menu.