That first bite was unexpected with that PUNCH OF FLAVORRRRR! It was amazing! Next time we visit we will most definitely be coming back here.Best cheesesteaks in my opinion, they specialize in sandwiches. Small place but great service and great food!!!Great sandwiches here. Fries are ok nothing spectacular. 
Cheesesteak and coffee shortrib are really good. So is the turkey sandwich, except for the roll. The sandwich is almost perfection, but that multigrain roll is HORRENDOUS.  -1 star for carrying that roll.This place is killing it, everything is so damn good.  I've been working through their menu, and have yet to find anything that's not amazing.  
I'm Cuban, and their Cuban sandwich is dead on point flavor wise.  The cheese steak is amazing with the truffle whiz.  The "Not so" breakfast sandwich is amazing.  Their fries are the best on South St, hands down.walked by this place and saw this new place so decided to give it a shot. got the pork with broccoli rabe sandwich and my girlfriend got the mahi sandwich. both were pretty good, and I noticed that my pork sandwich wasn't as greesy as the other places I've tried. The meat was delicious and the rabe was only slightly bitter. the fries are cut steak style like they have at five guys. overall a great place for lunch, and I will definitely return to try other things on the menuHuge lover of good food here. Will go out of my way to try the best of the best. I live a couple blocks from Woodrow's so when it opened I had to try it out. I've now tried at least 6 of the sandwiches and have not been disappointed at all. Come here over paesano's now. Big flavors, high quality. Well doneI'm from NJ and finally got the chance to go to Philly and words can't describe how much I love this city. So my first time coming to Philly I tried the pats/geno and wasn't impressed at all. But I wasn't gonna give up, I was determined to find that special cheese steak. Someone put me on John roast pork which WOW me but the only problem is there nothing to do around that area. So me and my buddy walked on south street and into Atomic City Comics. The staff were very knowledgeable in what spots had the best cheese steaks. Jim was an option but it there was a line and I'm not beat to wait on line but they said try next door to Woodrow sandwich, which is a hidden Gem. Going inside the staff were very friendly and loved the fact I was an outsider. They serve us steak sandwiches with there special cheese they MAKE! and the fries OMG were Amazing! Me and my buddy felt like Harold and Kumar at the end when they finally go to white castle and the enjoyment of eating a great meal.... I now found my spit and have gone there every time I go to Philly. I even put my friends on it and told em that if they don't like it "I will refund there money" of course I never had to do that. I can't wait til the weather gets nice so I can go back thereOkay, that was one of the best short rib sandwiches I've had in a while.  Was it "mind blowing"?  Probably not- but it was DAMN good and I honestly could have made room for a second because I was still craving it after the fact.  The combination of caramelized onions, cheddar and a perfect, not-too-sour horseradish sauce all wrapped up neatly in a fresh roll made it so worth the $10.50.  The fresh cut fries were boardwalk style-a little too big and potato-ey for my liking and not that crunchy, but still salty enough.  I ordered through TryCaviar, and though the delivery came twenty minutes earlier than expected, we only received 1 order of fries as opposed to 2- could have been the restaurant, could have been the courier- not a big deal, though.  I will say the menu is unfortunately way too small, but I'll definitely order from here again to maybe try the meatball or get the short rib again.Easily the best cheesesteak in Philly. The bread was like eating a cloud and the "wiz" was deliciously flavored with truffles. I was licking my fingers after I finished it and found myself still wanting more. The fries are tasty but the real winning side dish was the mixed green salad-- a perfect, light, refreshing compliment to a very decadent sandwich. Excellent service and very reasonable prices too!Amazing meatball sub - so good that I called back after my first few bites to let the owner know! My boyfriend got the short rib sandwich and loved it as wellThe Shrimp Po' Boy is my favorite sandwich from Woodrow's. The shrimp is normally whole, perfectly chargrilled and seasoned well. The aioli is usually thick and flavorful. However, the one I got today was very disappointing. The shrimp was cut into bits, over cooked, and had no flavor. The aioli was watery and bland. My experience did not live up to my previous sandwiches. I am hesitant to return.Two of my friends had the short ribs with onions which was good sandwich I had the  horseradish sauce the side...no cheese  My husband had the meatball sandwich.  I had a small bite which was very taste.  Great place for take out, or eat in.  Only open until 8pmHad an incredible lunch from woodrows. Loved the cheese steak and brisket sandwich. Going to be a new staple.Was walking around looking for something good.  For some reason I found myself in this sandwich shop,,,,, could not have picked a more enjoyable spot. My bbq brisket sandwich and Cajun fries were put together just right.  My tastebuds are still dancing around with my mind. While I'm still  loving it all.  I wanna come back for dinner.  I will definitely return.Delicious sammies!! Cool vibe, fun neighborhood, friendly staff! Definitely worth a visit.Currently on a quest for the best cheesesteak in Philly and 19 shops in this one has the lead. I got the whiz wit and I recommend it heavily.This is hands down my favorite sandwich shop of all time.  Never once have a had a bad sandwich from here. I've lived in Philly all my life and this is unquestionably the single greatest sandwich shop in the entire city and state. You have to get the fries with the truffle wiz, whatever sandwich you pick will be the best one you've had. I wish I could brown nose these guys even more but I don't know how.Great sandwich shop.  The basil-caper chicken sandwich was delish and the House roasted turkey sandwich tasted like a turkey dinner at Thanksgivings!  The fries were the real deal made from real potatoes and lightly deep fried.  This is a place that I would go out of my way to go to!  It was very Yumb!Was waiting for the Magic Garden and wanted to grab a bite to eat. Found this shop and gave their Whiz Wit a try. Oh my..... I was lost for words. It was so nice and cheesy. All the flavors were doing it for me; the caramelized onions, the mayo, the ribeye. 
Get this...it was so good that we actually went back for seconds literally an hour later (it was for the drive back to NY). 
Staff is friendly as well! They've got something good going here.We had the chicken basil caper sandwich and it was AMAZING!!!   Coffee BBQ brisket and the cheesetake where also off the charts amazing and I am very picky with my cheesestake.Best cheesesteak I've had so far, out of the five or six I've tried. Cooked to order not a bunch of meat sitting and drying out. Truffle cheese whiz was banging! Also I usually don't like Italian hoagies but theirs looked too good to not try. I was not disappointed. I can't wait to try all their sandwiches.1st time today ..just loved it ..I was warmly greeted by a friendly and engaging counter woman, she didn't let her impeccable manners interfere with her obvious hard work ethic either 
I immensely enjoyed the pork sandwich. Over flowing and well seasoned zero fat but still very moist n flavorful ..great roll too 
Fries looked awesome . real think cut ones .however I didn't try them .
Soda n other sandwich selection seems bountiful as well .
All sandwiches under $10 a real bargain 
This place is a keeper ..Woodrow's is my new favorite Philadelphia sandwich shop. The cheesesteak wit wiz was amazing and by far the best cheesesteak I've ever had. The truffle whiz was delicious! The Thanksgiving turkey sandwich was better than any holiday dish I've had on Thanksgiving. This is not your typical sandwich shop...it's way better. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu.Looking around for a cheesesteak/sandwich place with great ingredients and awesome flavor? Skip the hour long lines (as of now) and check out Woodrow's.
Made to order on the spot, friendly service, reasonably priced with no pretense. Tourists and suckers go for the 3-4 letter guys blindly. Check it out, you won't be disappointed and you won't be just another face rushed out into the street. Good eats!After reading the reviews I was really excited to order from here. I ordered the shrimp po boy sandwich and was disappointed. There was barely any filling in the sandwich, mostly bread and lettuce. First time ordering from here and definitely wouldn't order delivery again.I got the coffee bbq brisket this time. 
Okay, yeah it was good, but I would've preferred more meat and less jalapeño shoestring fries. The caramelized onions are great, but the bun is average, like a burger bun from shake shack or something. 
The floor is still dirty, and they still skimp on the napkins unless you ask for more. Who doesn't put at least one napkin dispenser out on a counter, or on each of the tables?I literally just finished my meal that I got delivered by GrubHub from Woodrow's..
I ordered the Cajun Mahi Mahi sandwich and fries with truffle Whiz and my co-worker ordered a short-rib sandwich.  Let me just say, before I enter a food coma, WOW!!!!
Everything was incredible.  My sandwich has to be healthy because it's fish, right?  Guess what?  I don't care either way, so go ahead and judge me!  
The fries, which I only ordered to try the truffle Whiz, could have stood alone by themselves because they were so good.  But...they didn't, the truffle Whiz was included on each and every bite because I am a fat slob and wouldn't have it any other way.
Checking out the photos on Yelp, I was originally inclined to order a meatball sub, but something (mainly my waste size) guided me towards the Mahi Mahi sandwich and I have no regrets!
Till we eat again!The food tastes good, but if I am going to pay $13 for a cheesesteak please put some meat on it next time, and also the fact that you charge $3 for delivery fee as well would it kill you to put some peppers on too? OVERPRICEDHad the whiz wit as well as the Cajun fries and both were excellent! Very filling! Cool atmostphereWent there for breakfast and had the most incredible mind blowing breakfast sandwich. The not just for breakfast sandwich was so gooey and delicious. 
Also the iced coffee comes with coffee ice cubes. Thats an iced coffee game changer.
This place is a must for breakfast lunch and dinner!Got the whiz with, so so tasty! Massive though, I shared one with my boyf with some home fries. They have malted vinegar also, so good!Woodrow's is a newcomer to South Street, but I think they're going to be among the ranks of the best sandwich shops in the city in no time.
Unfortunately, they ran out of cheesesteaks when we went near closing time. But fortunately, the two sandwiches we did get were AMAZING.
The Italian hoagie was one of the best I've ever had (and I grew up in Brooklyn). Seriously, there was just something about how fresh all the ingredients were. And at only $11, it's a gigantic sandwich. If you don't mind a cold sandwich, I honestly can't think of anything better.
Also tried the Coffee BBQ Brisket, which was amazing. Crunchy fried jalapenos, and just the perfect amount of smokiness and sweetness.
You walk in, place your order on a tablet, then pay. Super simple. Seating inside, and they have a back yard with two picnic tables.Meatball sub and the honey chicken sandwich are my favorites. The food is great and the location is convenient, but the service is disappointing. I've been given the wrong order to go the last two times I was there - and not even close to what I asked for. Staff was fairly unhelpful in response.The cheesesteak, although in a non-traditional category, is the best cheesesteak in Philly right now: meat chopped perfectly, truffle oil cheese whiz, deep-fried crispy onions, and some sweet siracha-like hot sauce. Completely on point.Pork sandwich was awesome, meatball sandwich was awesome. I'm probably gonna try everything on the menu now. I think I just found my new favorite lunch spot. Hit this place up!This was my first meal upon arriving, straight from the airport. The truffle provolone sounded amazing.....it was. The bread had the nice outside crunch and the steak was cooked just right. I am no expert but I could not imagine things getting better the rest of the trip. 
My last meal was also a cheesesteak from one of the long standing places down the street that shall remain nameless. This one was by far the winner. Does not have the history of the others but they got it down.Amazing place! Stopped in here for a quick sandwich, and ended up having an exceptionally great meal. They make everything from scratch, and it really shows in the quality of the food.
Fries: thumbs up
Pork sandwich: thumbs up
Falafel sandwich: thumbs up
Tomato soup: double thumbs up
Staff: double thumbs up
Overall experience: thumbs up
Would definitely recommend!4.5 yelps.  Went here over my spring break.. Big fan.  I had the shrimp po' boy and the brisket sandwich, both were really good, but i prefer the po boy.  This was my 2nd favorite one in philly so far.  Check this place out, it has a paesano type feel to it food wise.  EnjoyIt ends right here...right now. The cheesesteak debate that is. Woodrow's has it in the form of its Woodrow's Wit. It's your basic shaved rib eye steak but the truffle whiz is where it's at and it's unlike anything I've ever had. It's messy and dripping in glorious truffle whiz goodness. It's got to be the best enhancement to the cheesesteak ever concocted.Came here during the Philly Free Street. Didn't expect much when we walked in...but wow. The sandwich were awesome. I had the short rib it was delis. The flavor and The quality of the ingredients is really worth the price. I will come back again to try other items on the menu.I've been here three times. The first two, I had the pork sandwich. While the long hot aioli is a break from the traditional Philly roast pork, it's not any better than somewhere else's without it. Woodrow's isn't THAT far from anywhere with great pork sandwiches. I won't be getting that again.
The third (and last) time, I had the Cubano. People on here must have really low standards for food. It wasn't THAT good. The pork was kind of dry, and they use cheap prosciutto and cheese (which I sort of expected being that it's only $10). At least the mustard and pickles didn't over power it, right? 
The interior is really dirty, crumbs on the floor around the tables and whatnot, and the hours are awful for being on South Street. They don't have a menu board, only small printed out paper menus,which i imagine would be problematic if it ever gets busy in here, though I've only seen maximum four other people. They also only give you one napkin (have no dispensers), and the trash can is hidden around the corner in an awkward place. 
I don't understand the hype. Philly and South Street have way more to offer than here.Very disappointed. Walked in and wanted a quick sandwich before the eagles game and as the only customer I expected it to be quick. It took a long time if there were other customers. But considering I was the only customer, it was completely unprofessional. 4 people working and only customer. Very disappointed.Seriously- if you are a breakfast lover- the French Toast sandwich is out of control good. Runny and drippy. Sweet and Savory. YUM. Got the fries with the Truffle Wiz as well. That stuff is NO JOKE. I would put it on anything!We ate there on Sunday. We tried the pulled pork sandwich it was in a container under the counter and they heated it up and it didn't look too fresh and it was so salty we could barely eat it.  I wouldn't get it again. Not sure why they salted it so much. The fries tasted too much like the peanut oil they were fried in. We wont be back.Best meatball sub I've had in a while - super tender and flavorful. Awesome bread and sauce. Wicked fast and very friendly service. Will be back!For desk lunch, I ordered the tomato soup (tangy and warm!) and the Cajun mahi-mahi burger.  Both were healthy, moderate portions (we can do it, America!), but the burger actually underwhelmed--there was not enough mahi-mahi to be filling as a meal.  The green fixings were good though.  Overall, the food was flavorful and fun, and I'm willing to give this place another shot--the grilled cheese and French toast sandwiches are too tempting.We saw this sandwich shop walking by on the street. Everything was delicious, especially the mahi sandwich and French toast sandwich. Would definitely recommend!!just ordered cheese steak with wiz all i can say is the best sandwich in South St. Pat's & Geno's are not the same as before, only for tourist spot....So good!! Went to the aquarium and hopped over the bridge to this little gem! Affordable, delicious, everything I wanted, a steak filled with cheese and literally drips when u eat it! Be careful the cajun fries are Spicy!!!!first visit was awesome! we sat in to eat and the sandwiches & fries were amazing!  second visit i went in and ordered for take out. i arrived around 11:15am (they open at 11) and ordered two sandwiches and two orders of fries.  sandwiches not as perfect as the first visit but that could be because i took them to go and we didn't eat them right away.  however i was sadly disappointed in the fries.  they looked amazing, just wish we could have eaten them.  they tasted like they were leftovers from the night before that they dropped down in the oil to refry.  we couldn't even get our teeth through them they were so hard and dry...totally inedible.  not what i expected after my first amazing visit. :(OMG! The best sandwich I have ever had! I'm not a sandwich person, but sometimes I'm not having a choice.. And today I'm glad I didn't! The turkey sandwich was incredible, so fresh and the combination of sweet, salt and crisp was perfect! Totally recommend!!Stopped in as my first yelp suggest in the area, got their flank steak special. Meat could have been juicier at medium rare. I think for a $14 sandwich I was expecting a bit more and felt a bit expensive size wise. Will try out the cheesesteak next time perhaps since most positive reviews seem to be there. 
The credit payment machine is pretty laggy, I added a tip and there's a delay before it shows so I thought I didn't push the screen hard enough and I almost ended up leaving a $1111111 tip... managed to clear it and fix it but that was a bit concerning. 
I'll probably try again. Service was pleasant.I've been here a few times. It's not bad. The chef can put some good flavors together. 
but I always find myself wishing they had something a bit more on the simple side like a really good egg and cheese or a great chicken cheese steak. I work from home a lot so I'm not always looking for a sandwich with every fancy thing under the sun on it. Ive worked in food for many years and learned that some of the simplest sandwiches are the hardest to make. 
Anyhow, few months back I asked for an egg and cheese without the sauces and they told me no. 
Today I went and didn't get a hello from the girl for a few minutes... no one was there, she was just packing a bag. I was finally  greeted and asked for a chicken sandwich with cheese and  onions on a sub roll. I nicely said that even just a plain chicken sandwich would be fine (knowing that their chicken seasoning is really good). 
She's asked the guy cooking and he said "no we don't do those types of sandwiches"
I get it, Woodrow's doesn't want to be the ishkabibbles of south street.  but today, someone else got my business not them. 
 not really a Nieghborhood kind of place who treat the locals wellTruffle whiz. I don't know if much else needs to be said. Had the grilled cheese and can't wait to work my way down the menu. Amazing.Nestled in a part of town riddled with sneaker and jewelry stores there is a delicious sandwich shop. I strongly recommend giving this place a try. The short ribs sandwich and the house cut fries were amazing!!The fries, the breakfast sandwich, and the pork brocoli rabe are all delicious. I would have more of a list, but I've been here only 2 times so far - however, I would say that this probably going to be my Federal Donuts for sandwiches from here on out.This place is awesome! Probably one of the best selection of classic sandwiches done to perfection. Party of 4 split a cheesesteak, cubano, roasted pork and the short rib. Each one was delicious. First time there but won me over! Nice job guys!Up until coming here, I had been very "meh" towards cheesesteaks. They were good, but the best 3 roast pork I'd had were better than the best cheesesteak I previously had. That's all changed because Woodrow's is finally doing the cheesesteak justice. The other cheesesteak  places should be embarrased...compared to Woodrow's it's as if they aren't even trying and they're just getting by on the reputation of the Philly Cheesesteak rather than trying to make something that actually tastes good. After my first bite  of Woodrow's whiz whit, I thought wow, this is actually seasoned and isn't just bland rubbery beef covered in bland cheese whiz, who would've thought food could be seasoned??? Woodrow's cheesteak absolutely murders all other cheesesteaks, it's no comparison really. The beef is heavily seasoned, the cherry pepper mayo gives a nice kick, and the truffle cheese whiz actually tastes cheesy and flavorful instead of serving as a moist cover up to dry beef as seen on other cheesesteaks. This is not just the best cheesesteak I've had, it's some of the best food I've ever eaten.Best cheesesteak I've ever had in Philadelphia, and that's not to be taken lightly. I've had my fair share of cheesesteaks that left me feeling gross and my stomach hurting, except for this one. I think it's the truffle whiz that gives it a fancy taste, but I'm not sure what Woodrow's did that doesn't make my stomach hurt.
WOODROW'S for CHEESESTEAKS!Awesome place for cheesesteak! Bread was soft enough, meat was flavorful and juicy. Served smokin hot!Best cubano sandwich I've had in a long time. Affordable,  tasty  and they were fast. The fries were killer too! Plus the Mexican style cola goes well with the sandwiches.I was camping out at Rally's coffee shop down the street and it was time for lunch, barista recommended Woodrow's.  I opted for the Cajun mahi sandwich.  Flavorful, nutritious, and filling.  Definitely would visit again!Tried this place out because of all the reviews! It lived up to the hype! The shrimp po boy was awesome!There are so many good things to eat here and definitely get the fries. We had 4 people in our party and each got something different  - Mozzarella  and tomato sandwich, meatball sub, mixed greens with falafel, and Cajun Mahi sandwich. We all loved what we got. Very friendly and helpful service.Wiz wit was actually pretty good only thing it needs more cheese and steak had good taste but not enough to make it a good steak, also took 45 minutes for the sandwich to be made not really worth the wait. Used to ordering a steak being in and out not waiting that long especially on south street had to feed the meter a few timesLoved the pork sandwich. Better flavor than Dinics but could have used a tad more meat. The truffle cheesesteak is killer as well.Just tried Woodrow's for the first time. PHENOMENAL. The breakfast sandwich was so good, and my fiancé's Coffee BBQ brisket sandwich was incredible. Fries + truffle cheese = heaven. 
So. So. Good.Best sandwich I've ever had, hands down. And I've had a lot of sandwiches. Definitely recommend the tomato mozz. The mozzarella was so fresh and the vegetables and balsamic glaze really compliment each other. Best place to go if you're walking around south street for the day.As a Philly local, Woodrow's is my go to for cheesesteaks and sandwiches. Philly's best cheesesteak. I've had a couple of their items like the Cubano and meatball sandwich too. Their meatball sandwich, by the way, is the best I've ever had... ever. It's amazing. The portions are very generous and it's worth the splurge every time! Prices are the usual with this neighborhood around $11 or so per sandwich. They even write funny notes on the food bag, which I always enjoy. Oh and the best part, their lightning fast delivery. I thought the first couple times I got lucky, but tonight I ordered at 7pm on a Friday (I didn't know they closed at 7! But they still made my order). I was eating my sandwich about 14 min later. Just amazing. Get food here, you won't regret it!This place is amazing!  Over the years I've eaten more than my fair share of hoagies and sandwiches, and I can honestly say this place is special!  The menu is amazing, everything is made with fresh ingredients and you can tell the owner really cares about the product he's putting out.  Yesterday I had the best Cuban sandwich I've ever tasted, I've also tried the meatball, short rib and chicken sandwiches and they were all delicious.  I don't review businesses often enough but in this case I couldn't resist, keep up the good work Woodrow's!My first and only Philly cheesesteak experience and it did NOT disappoint! The food, staff, and atmosphere were outstanding - including the guy who answered all my many "cheesesteak" questions. Apparently, this is a newer spot, but it's sure to become a household name sooner than later.There's a new King of the mountain!  The newcomer to the block of Philadelphia sandwiches is here to stay.  I know Woodrow's is relatively new to the scene, but the quality tells a tale that they've been around for a long time.  I got their cheesesteak and as far as I'm concerned, they've staked their claim as #1.  When places try to reinvent or put their own spin on this classic, it's usually for the worst, but what they've done was simply enhanced an amazing delicacy.  Let's get to it.  For me, whiz is the only way to go for your cheese option.  How'd they improve it?  Truffle whiz.  A perfect amount that complemented the steak.  You could taste it in every bite.  They also added cherry pepper mayo.  Now, mayo on a cheesesteak is blasphemy, but this addition put the steak over the top.  If this was a condiment option, I wouldn't have dared go near it, but since it's an automatic on it, I went with it-- you should do the same.  There wasn't a lot on it so it didn't overpower the taste.  Whoever was so bold to put this on the sandwich knows what he's doing.  To round out this masterpiece, the caramelized onions tied everything together.  Overall, I thought the steak was possibly the best I've had in this city.  At $12, It's one of the more pricier steaks I've had and if you're going to charge that much, you better back it up.  Woodrow's certainly did.HOLY CHEESE STEAK. Definitely try with the truffle wiz-best cheese steak I've ever enjoyed, AND it didn't make me feel gross after! (not sure how that happened) Small place, cute ambiance. Modern tech with touch screen ordering, and the guys cooking were all very nice! Also, be sure to get the cheese fries. You're welcome.Soooo I brought my husband to Philly to eat cheesesteaks for his birthday and after eating nine steaks in 2 days hands DOWN Woodrows is thee best cheesesteak in the city of Philly. That in house whiz , perfect soft inside crunch outside of the roll, the meat was tender I didn't have to fight my steak.  Woodrows best " Cheesesteak Joint " in Philly. I'll never come to Philly and not stop at WoodrowsI rarely take the time to write Yelp reviews, but this place is really good!!! I ordered from here based on yet another stellar review/suggestion and I wasn't disappointed. I was famished at the time and ordered two sandwiches, fries, and the truffle whiz. All of it knocked my socks off. I got the Cajun Mahi and the Shrimp Po-boy. I don't know which one was better; both were astoundingly good! Like many other reviewers have said, the fries were great on their own, however the truffle whiz made them ever better.This place is incredible. I can't say I've had everything on the menu, but probably at least 3/4 of it. I try to get something different every time I go. It's hard not to get repeats when you're obsessed with the Bacon Cran Jam on the House Roasted Turkey, like I am. I have never had anything from here that I didn't like. The hours are a little wonky, I wish they were open later, but I think they're still getting their staff squared away and it's certainly not enough of a problem to take away any stars. If my biggest problem is that I wish I could eat it all the time, I don't think that's a problem at all.
My personal favorite is the House Roasted Turkey with an honorable mention to the Whiz Wit, which is my boyfriend says is the best cheesesteak in Philly. I told him that it's an amazing sandwich, but I think using truffle wiz and cherry pepper mayo is cheating. Either way, the sandwiches are like Pokémon in that you've gotta catch 'em all.I had the Cubano for late lunch, and it was very flavorful and savory. Although, I would have to say that it was quite salty. I would rate the saltiness 8/10. I'm actually a huge fan of anything spicy and/or salty, but it was a bit too much salty for this Cubano. Other than that, it was a good first experience and would return to try the other sandwiches!Ordering is very easy, they use a kiosk really similar to Wawa. 
The cheesesteak here can hold its own. The meat is well seasoned and they have a housemade whiz. Bread is not your Amoroso hearth baked bread, but is fair. I wish the steak was cut in ribbons. The chunks are really small and almost minced. All of it was really good though.
Love the fries. Their cajun seasoning is really special. It's definitely not just Old Bay. Pay the extra .25 and give it a try.Another Sunday for me and the wife to head into town to nosh around the city.
First stop is a new sandwich shop that one of us stumbled apon not sure
how but we made it here. 
Since we are eating at a few places we split the steak.
It was served very quick and lip burning hot, my fault I should have known 
molten liquid cheese will do that, but I am hungry and with that comes impatience.
The meat was tender and very flavorful and we really like the cheese sauce but the 
meat was ladled on the light side and I really do not recall and onions now that 
im writing this. Glad to have tried a different steak from my fleet of top picks, but
sadly this is a one time only for us.Excellent sandwiches. Definitely on he hipster side but that also means fresh ingredients and attention to detail :) We got a cheese steak and a Cuban and they were both very tasty. The cheesesteak was really big and the meat was juicy and flavorful. 
Only note is that they have a tip line on the check when you order the food up front. But then they just call you to pick it up from the counter, and you need to bus your own tray at the end. I'm always fuzzy on the tipping etiquette here. I would never tip at McDonald's for the same amount of service but then I feel bad when I tip them zero here ‍Pulled Pork Sandwich Magic!! We had a couple of each sandwich delivered to our office for lunch and they were all amazing. I can't wait to get back there and try the rest. The bread is on point. 
P.S. - Don't forget to try the fries!!!We both ordered the breakfast sandwich and it was amazing. Perfect size, I was full but not stuffed. The pretzel croissant was great and the cream cheese spread was a surprising but fantastic addition. I can't wait to come back and try the lunch sandwiches.When I tell you.....one of the BEST Cheesesteaks I've EVER had in my life!!!!! I'm not a Philly native. I'm a Maryland guy. I live in Baltimore but travel to Philly a fair amount. Roll was right. Meat seasoned VERY well! Right amount of onions! And that Truffle Whiz they're making in-house.....straight LOVE!!!!! I'm mad I live 90 miles away because I could go for one right NOW!!!! I'm not discrediting any of the other spots in Philadelphia....and there are many of them....But Woodrow's is nice when it comes to the Whiz Wit!!!!Thought the steak was too peppery. The bread was chewy had nothing on Pats. Like pats not a very full sandwich. French fries are good.YUM!  Went with a group & tried a little bit of everything.  Definite favorites - the roast pork, the eggplant/tomato/mozz & the meatballs.  Everything was really well-seasoned & tasty.  Fries were amazing.  I'm already looking forward to the next time I can eat here!Sooooo good! First time and I'm obsessed. Found this place on Yelp and it didn't disappoint. Ordered the mahi sandwich, boyfriend went with short rib sandwich and we split the fries. The mahi was super good but unfortunately, it could have used a little more fish, bread to fish ratio was a little off. Maybe I feel this way because the short rib sandwich that my boyfriend ordered was MINDBLOWING. how does he always manage to order the better meal? Next time I'm getting this! The fries were very thick and super filling, didn't try the truffle dipping sauce but maybe next time!I've tried a handful of the sandwiches so far and each one has been fantastic. The owner and staff are all super friendly/helpful, the seating area is clean and the place just had a good/simple feel to it. 
Of the sandwiches, my favorites are the cajun mahi and, as of today, the cheesesteak. I'm a wimp when it comes to spicy food and was worried about the mahi, but the mango puree (so good) and greens balance the whole thing out really well. 
The cheesesteak... I don't generally get mine whiz or with, but figured the place hasn't steered me wrong before and got it as on the menu. So glad I did. The roll is spot on. The cheese isn't your standard bright yellow goo; it's made in-house and delish. There was the perfect amount of onion so that it gave it extra flavor but wasn't overwhelming. And the pepper mayo had that perfect little kick. The end result is a great cheesesteak but isn't so fancy pants that it feels like you're eating a hipster/fusion version of a cheesesteak. 
Excuse me while I go into a food coma.Great phillycheesesteak sandwich. Great staff, very simple menu but very tasty food. The sandwich is huge plenty for one or two.Had the Pork Sandwich which was the best one I have ever had.
The sandwich had tons of flavor, not greasy. The house made fries were awesome.
Would highly recommend...........Can't wait to get back and try the short rib sandwich!Yummy Sandwich! I had a the Muffaletta...not the same as you get in New Orleans but not to darn bad at all! I will be back! Very nice staff! Fun spot!The first time I tried their roast pork sandwich...... I decided to open a Yelp account so everyone would know that this place has unreal sandwiches.
It probably doesn't help that I live very close to pats and genos; which a majority of the real Philadelphians that live here agree does not make great sandwiches.
Woodrow's has the best. Cheesesteak, pork sandwich, you name it.
Sorry JRP!!!The sandwiches are awesome , the prices for south street are $1 or more over normal south street shops , but you get what you pay for which is much better ingredients compared other spots .  Decor is kind of dark and some of walls look dirty .  I hope it's not a reflection in there handling of food .  Really wish they would brighten up the inside and give it a cleaner look .This is a great place to go to for a quick bite. Their sandwiches are unique, but yet substantial enough to satisfy your hunger. Service isn't anything fancy, just an order at the counter shop with a few tables to sit down. I had the cubano with roast pork, prosciutto, some sort of cheese and dijonnaise. It tasted like a panini, but was shaped like a stromboli. They were super generous on the fries too. Great sandwiches with great flavors at reasonable prices!The fries are very potatoe-y and well fried but not terribly flavorful - maybe more salt?  The coffee bbq brisket sandwich was out of this world, though.  There was a huge portion of tender, flavorful brisket on the sandwich, the sauce was tangy and rich, the cheese was just enough to add yumminess, and the brioche bun stood up to it all without disintegrating.  MMM.   I had to wait maybe 5 minutes.  Service was brisk and polite.I'm a huge fan of these sandwiches. I get them delivered almost every week and its always delivered quickly and correct. From the Meatball Sub to the Short Rib, as a sandwich fan, this place is at the top of my list.I ordered Woodrow's with two friends on a whim. (I usually yelp every place I go to or order from.) We were hungover on the couch so we got delivery. I got the Cheesesteak which was amazing. I would say one of the top ones that I have had in the city. I also ordered a side of fries with truffle wiz, they did not disappoint either. They seasoned their fries perfectly and the truffle wiz was a perfect compliment to the large cut fries. My roommate got their chicken sandwich and my other friend ordered the Cuban. They were both equally impressed. Nothing but good things to say about Woodrow's!I wanted to try a cheesesteak. After looking at all, and I mean all, of the cheesesteak options and reviews, we decided on this place for lunch because the menu had other options for my daughter who wanted anything but a cheesesteak. The cheesesteak with truffle wiz is so good. I think this is the best cheesesteak if wiz is what you are looking for. The rest of the menu looks great. My daughter enjoyed her grilled cheese. It is a small cute place. Perfect for a casual lunch or takeout.Look out Philly there's another great sandwich shop in town. I had the House Roasted Turkey sandwich with bacon-cram jam, cheddar, herb mayo, and greens on an awesomely fresh roll. I'd like to meet the person that invented this bacon-cram jam and shake their hand because it made the sandwich. Can't wait to go back and try more, though I'm afraid I'll keep ordering the same thing! The fries were also very good.HOLY HELL! First time here for lunch, I got the cheesesteak. Let me tell everybody reading this... They got robbed on the Best of Philly list for cheesesteaks... #3 taste like number #1. I've had many cheesesteaks in Philly, this is something scrumptious. I'm going back when I get off for a different sandwich, cuz if the taste and quality is anything like what I'm eating, my dinner will be from here too. Wow.Ordered the Woodrow's Whiz Wit aka cheesesteak on a hoagie roll and it was bomb. Best cheesesteak I've had. The cherry pepper mayo is a perfect touch.I have been a philly resident my entire life and this is officially the best cheesesteak I have ever had. Who would have known the truffles cheese whiz would be perfect with ribeye and fries onions. It's a must try for everyone.This place was amazing!! Got the special, which was a turkey sandwich with cranberry sauce and bacon, so FREAKING good.  The bread was on point as well.  The staff was super friendly and helpful in making my decision. Definitely going back!I came here for lunch and was blown away by my meal. I couldn't choose from the list of sandwiches on the menu, so instead, I just ordered the first one listed: the Woodrow's pork. The sandwich was huge so I'm glad I split it with my boyfriend.  The long hot aioli really made this -- it added a nice kick. The staff was very friendly. I can't wait to come back!Absolutely amazing food.  Cheese steak was all I remember and more.  My college son, who rarely gets excited about food, raved about the Cubano.  No line mid afternoon - I would guess it is packed at regular meal times.  We will be back.Excellent food. Excellent service. I had the Shrimp Po  Boy. Wonderfully seasoned and the shrimp was cooked perfectly. Classic sandwiches with an extra tasty twist. I will recommend this shop to everyone!! 
The fries are amazing!!Really delicious food. Wife had a great grilled cheese with a pear slices. I had a kale salad with chicken that was fresh and great. Everything looked good. Clean and friendly tooOMG -- this place is amazing.  Sandwiches made to order, with love and care.  The meat is trimmed, the cheese is really high quality, the bread is fresh and yummy.  The roast pork is my favorite so far, but the short rib is great (a little smaller), the bbq special is also good, and my hubby has raved about the mahi sandwich (says it's as good as in the Keys).  Run, don't walk to this place!Okay so I know many people have viewed the video that guy made eating 16 cheesesteaks all across philadelphia in 12 hours. This spot ranked #3 best in the city, but I need to tell you why this ranking is wrong. Sadly I decided to see what the hype was about, and I was honestly disappointed. The service was good, even though I ordered from a pretty confusing touchscreen the employee helped me through it. The bathroom was clean as well. But the only reason I'm giving 3 stars is for both of those reasons I just mentioned. Now let's get to the food portion of the review. So the cheesesteak, cooked well but salted a little too much leaving the bits of steak untouched by cheese and mayo really dry, and unfortunately I didn't get to taste much cheese because the flavors from the mayo spread they use overpowered everything. The cheese wasn't all over the sandwich like I expected it to be either. The rolls were definitely my favorite part because it had that tiny bit of crunch on the outside and a beautiful soft center. I just wish the flavors of everything meshed together and the cheese was evenly distributed, but unfortunately I couldn't even eat the entire thing because it wasn't all that. I'm not trashing the place, but I definitely would not have put this cheesesteak spot in my top 5 let alone my top 3.This place was recommended to me. I went with 3 of my friends. The staff was super nice and helpful when we had questions about the ordering process or the menu. I had the Woodrow Whiz Wit, it was yummy!! It was huge I got it cut in threes because I knew I wouldn't be able to get the whole thing. The Cajun fries were bomb especially with their bbq sauce!!! Two of my friends had the shrimp po boy and they both really liked it. My other friend had the meatballs sub...: the meatballs were really good the sandwich just needed more sauce.Outstanding sandwiches!  I had a Cubano and my husband the Woodrow....loved them!!!  We recommend this place.  The staff was attentive and accommodating.  They offered to substitute ingredients to out taste. The fries were great too.I work on South Street and so glad Woodrow's opened here. I go probably 3-4 times on some weeks. I've tried every sandwich on the menu and they're all so good!!! Friendly service, clean restaurant, and amazing food. Highly recommend!Unreal sandwich place. The moment I walked in I knew it was going to be good based off the smell of the food. Excellent rendition of the roast pork sandwich. High quality food all around - I will definitely be back!A nice little cheesesteak - I opted for the Wiz Wit minus the mayo since I'm not a fan of pepper or mayo on my cheesesteaks. By the time you add in taxes and a tip, though, you are looking at close to $15.
Is it worth it, you ask?
Yes... for a treat. The shaved ribeye as the meat makes a huge difference in flavor. This wasn't dripping with grease, and I loved the caramelized onions.  
Very nice guys working here and the place is spotless.  Not a huge fan of the music choice, but c'est la vie.I can't even describe how delicious the cheesesteak sandwich is!! I have been alive for 30 years and spent the last 6 years in Philly eating numerous cheesesteaks and Woodrow's leaves the rest in the dust. The meat seems high quality (none of those chewy and fatty pieces you get in other cheesesteaks. I can't wait to try more things off the menu!If you want real steak and cheese, you need to go here. Forget other places in Philly. I tried several other well known places, but this place is the best.This is a must go place for Philly cheesesteak. We were pretty disappointed in the food in Philly until we tried this. The sandwich had so much flavor and the cheese was super melted. It was like heaven in my mouth. 
We got the Woodrow's Whiz Wit. We ended up coming back later in the day for a second round of the cheesesteak. 
If you're in the area and want a cheesesteak, definitely stop by.I have been meaning to try Woodrow's since it's opening. Well today was the day and it did not disappoint.  The bread was fantastic. I had the po boy which definitely did the job. My wife had the rated turkey on brioche that was so good. Don't forget to get the hand cut fries. This is what hand cut fries should be. Next time I'm going to add the truffle wiz.Reading the menu online brought me in, and the warm pulled pork with brocolli rabe, long hot aioli, and perfectly melted asiago draped over it on a fresh roll will make me be sure to head back. Not to mention for this QSR, they are extremely service oriented, friendly, and so creative. Yum!We enjoyed everything we tried. The fries were very crispy and the truffle cheese was so unique and delicious. The coffee brisket sandwich was good, it's on the sweet side. I've tried multiple cheesesteak places in Philly, Woodrow's def has a good cheesesteak worth trying... the truffle cheese makes it unique!AMAZING CHEESE STEAKS!!!  You must try this place, they make their own cheese whiz!!  You can't beat that!! This is my go to place for authentic Philly Cheese Steaks!Awesome new sandwich spot on south street.  I tried the cubano, meatball sandwich and the fries with truffled cheese sauce.  Everything was super solid, i will get the fries every time i go, they are so good and probably try a new sandwich until i have tasted the whole menu.  These guys know what they are doing, absolutely make a trip here.Go here instead of Jim's if you're visiting and get the cheesesteak, you will not be disappointed!! Just because there is a long line at Jim's does not mean they are the best, they are one of the worst in the city! I live in the area, so have visited this sandwich shop many times and I always find myself getting the cheesesteak because it's just that good. My boyfriend has gotten their other sandwiches and has liked them as well. I always get an order of the fries too, and shamelessly may order 2 sides of the truffle cheese wiz. It's just so good and that is what they use on the cheesesteaks! Now I want one!All I gotta say is get the cheesesteak........ absolutely amazing. One of the best I've ever had. The truffle whiz sets it over the top. 
Fries were just average..... need something different to make them a little better. Definitely not a sit down place. Seating is very crowded, a little uncomfortable (especially on a hot day like when I went). If the place had some better ambiance and seating capacity/space, it'd be great.The steak was ok not all that. It was extremely oily and I didn't notice the truffle cheese. I'll skip this place if I want a good cheesesteak. The fries was good.Gotta tell ya...I don't get it.  Good food for sure but nothing "OMG" special.  The sandwich I had was WAY  more bread than filling.  I wouldn't go out of the way for it and I can be there easily.  Slighyl overpriced.Best cheesesteak I've ever had. That's all you need to know. If you go to Pat's, Gino's, or Jim's, you're a straight-up sucker. Don't waste your time, money, or taste buds.Delicious. I had the cheesesteak which was perfect: loyal to the cheese whiz roots but with a truffle infusion to boost the flavor. Tender and juicy steak--real shaved ribeye, not steakums--so a tiny bit of gristle, but still excellent. My son had the meatball sub which was tasty and had a nice strong cheese flavor. My wife had the felafel beet LT which she thought was very tasty--like a veggie burger made out of felafel with delicious flavors. All in all it lives up to the hype. Go. Now.Next on our cheesesteak tour is Woodrow's. A lot of people have never heard of this place, but good thing I watch a lot of YouTube. This was my favorite (most people in my group) sandwich of the whole trip. It's not your traditional sandwich but you must try the Woodrow's whiz wit. Shaved ribeye, truffle wiz, cherry pepper mayo and fried onions. This sandwich is like a gourmet cheesesteak. The spoiled boy in me is a huge truffle fan so I had to try. It was so good. Best sandwich and something you might not know, but must go.Awesome sandwiches. Nice variety but they also stick to what they're good at. This was our first visit and it was hard to decide what to try. We'll definitely be back to sample the rest of the menu.Omg friggin amazing! Had my first cheesesteak here and definitely would be return customer if I actually lived here but I dont so wont.  Nice menu optionsWe liked this place. The cheesesteak, pork and meatball sub were delicious. The fries are thick cut and crispy.Fantastic! Nothing better than a damn good sandwich to change your day. Meatball parm & Beefmaster were delicious. I'll be back next time in Philly.Great steak sandwich. Love that cheese sauce. Hand cut fries, EXCELLENT indeed. We will definitely be back again.......soon!There are steaks all over the Philly metro area boasting they are the best. Most are tourist traps or neighborhood favorites, but Woodrow's adds a twist to all the other mainstays. The fries are amazing and the truffles cheese is oh so tasty! The ordering process is touch screen and reduces some of the wait time. Overall one of the best steaks in or out of Philly!Girlfriend and I took the 2 hour road trip to Philly today to try out the best cheesesteak spots. Woodrow's was our second stop and boy did it not disappoint. Located in a nice little town area with lots of stores reminded me of areas like chinatown and little Italy in Manhattan.
We ordered the classic cheesesteak with whiz and onions, without any extra stuff in the options menu. The meat is chopped up to small pieces unlike most of the other places but it works really well because the cheese just gets into every bite making it really juicy. The bread was perfect. Not too soft and slightly crispy. When you get your cheesesteak you can just say that it's an official, legit cheesesteak by just looking at it because it's open and overflowing with meat and cheese. The other cheesesteaks we had the bread was either hiding the meat or the meat just didn't look appealing as presented.
The staff are very friendly and it makes you feel like you're in a family owned business where it's personal. They took about 10 minutes to serve our steak.
Overall out of the 3 spots we went to, my girlfriend and I agreed that this was the best cheesesteak we had. It was also the most expensive, but I would definitely pay the price for another one when I'm back down here. highly recommend Woodrow's!My wife and I visited Woodrow's for lunch this past 4th of July and had the Woodrow's Whiz Wit (their version of a cheesesteak) and a side of Cajun Fries. The cheesesteak was filled with tender chopped meaty steak and chunks of lightly crisp diced onions. The melty cheese wiz was the best part of the sandwich and filled with rich truffle flavor. Unfortunately the bread was not very soft but the sandwich as a whole was tasty. The side of fries was savory and filling with a nice kick from the Cajun seasoning.Great food. Helpful staff.  Oddly, I can't say enough about their house salad. It's delicious!!!
And of course their truffle wiz cheesesteak is pretty great.I got the cheesesteak.  I loved woodrow's special touches to philadelphia favorite sandwich!!  Woodrow's DOES make their own Wiz!  You can sit on South ST, inside or out back in the court yard.We ordered from Woodrow's because the BF was craving a cheesesteak, and we read that they had a good one (in the top 3 according to a recent Bon Appetit article, if you go by that kind of thing). 
Amazing. Here's why: 
1. Their menu is GREAT - I ordered the cubano, but easily could have gone with the meatball sub, the hoagie, or one of their other sandwiches. Lots of great options! 
2. Food was friggin' incredible. The BF loved the cheesesteak (although admitted that it was "elevated" - truffle whiz, etc.). Not dry at all, tasty. My cubano was delicious. 
3. Fries? BEST. DELIVERY. FRIES. EVER. Seriously. They arrived crispy, not greasy, slightly salty. Cooked perfectly. Skin on, which I like. We ordered 2, but just split 1 (good portion). 
4. Not that we ordered them, but... they have some good sounding salads, too. Always nice to have that option in case I'm not feeling the need to indulge. 
5. OK, the sandwiches were pricey - BUT they were huge. Easily 2+ servings for me. 
Honestly, no complaints whatsoever, and we're already looking forward to trying other things on the menu!In a city littered with sandwich shops, cheesesteaks, pork rolls, to me, this is one of the top sandwich places in Philly.
Located off South street, went a few times with various colleagues.  It's a small and unassuming shop that you might miss if you aren't paying attention.  Go up to the kiosk, scroll through the items and make your choices between classics.  I've had the chicken sandwich (the honey), pork and brocolli rabe, and I've also tried the crab meat special, plus the house cut fries are great! Everything is phenomenal.  shut up and take my $$$ cause I plan on trying everything off the menu eventually.Went here on a Sunday afternoon after shopping at Ps and Qs down the street. Always wanted to try this place after seeing it in phillymag. Not crowded at all. Ordered the meatball sub and the pork sandwich. Service was pretty quick and made to order. It was good but i think I expected so much more. I felt like it was missing something on both sandwhiches. Fries were good but the extra whiz was on the salty side. I do want to go back and try the woodraw whiz sandwhich so my final verdict is not out yet on this spot... To be continued......As I write this I am literally salivating just thinking about their cheesesteaks.  I'm a Philly native originally so my standards are very high for my hometown sandwiches. I was visiting south street for 1st time in years, and decided to check it out. At first I was kinda bummed they only offered " wit whiz" which in Philly- speak means you want cheese whiz on it, which I have never been a fan of. Couldn't believe they didn't have american cheese, so I ordered it w/o cheese , which is a misdemeanor in Philly.  But then one of the staff explained that they make their own whiz w/ truffles, not outta the can.  Glad I kept an open mind ( hard for a Philly guy )  and it totally rocked!  I shoulda got a few to take home to Co. where I live now.  One helluva great cheesesteak !Sandwich was good. I got the pork. However, the French fries with wiz was very disappointing. For 7$ I received a total of 13 fries. That is more than 50 cents per French fry... Definitely not worth itI hosted my daughter's college basketball team and reached out to Woodrow's to do the catering and it was AMAZING!!!!  The team LOVED the Meatballs and the Chicken Parmesan.  The most incredibly delish twist on everyone's favorite foods AND my kitchen is clean!!!  Thank you Kevin and the team at Woodrow's!!!  If you are hosting a party I strongly recommend going to Woodrow's!!!Ordered delivery and it took longer than estimated but it was well worth the wait. I was really impressed with the menu, I can't wait to try more! The fries are amazing. I got the beef meatball sub and some tomato soup. The whole meal was great. Portions were ideal. 
I hope that they will expand their hours soon, especially on the weekend.This rating is for the Wit Cheesesteak sammie, as it was first time here and only sammie I've tried at Woodrow's.  
Walked into this quaint storefront sammie shop directly from airport carrying a healthy appetite. When in Philly, which is not often, get a cheesesteak, yeh? Last time here, missed the cheesesteak and had a Neapolitan pie from Marc Vetri. Anyway, nicely greeted right as I walked in and immediately made the mistake of ordering from the girl at the counter, when, if I would have read the instructions on the dark wall, or even noticed the electronic kiosk ordering system, for use with credit card (cash, you use a human), I would have been in compliance. I guess we are in this day and age of technology and less human interaction... Anyways, everything worked out.  I purchased my cheesesteak, which was delivered hot and fresh to my table.  
I came to this place in particular because their cheesesteak has a twist.  The Woodrow's Whiz Wit. It's shaved ribeye, truffle whiz, cherry pepper mayo, caramelized onions.  Got it?  A bit difference than the typical Philly cheesesteak sammie. 
So, here's the deal. The truffle bit worked for me.  But, more importantly, the sammie was made to order, the meat chopped perfectly, the bread fresh, light, yet it held everything together.  Oddly, measuring in at 10-12 inches, I would only get through half.  But, it was so good and so light, I ate all of it!
Note on eating a cheesesteak.  If you don't grip it properly, the insides will squirt out all over your face and clothes.  And it's hot!  At least this one was. It's been a while since I had a cheesesteak sammie, so my first bite burned my face, although it missed my clothes.  Thankfully, my pig head was held over the nice little chef's pan they serve the sammies on.  So, grip it the way you should grip a small taco.  Make sure the insides are tucked inside the roll, pinch the end and get your mouth around the bite.  Woodrow's bread was fresh and tender, allowing my teeth to bite through and release, as I chewed this delightful sammie.
Next time in Philly, give these dudes a try. Bottom line, it's just a really good and enjoyable sammie.It's a 5 star cheesesteak, personally for my palette the flavors are a bit too rich.This is an excellent sandwich shop. I'm not one for cheesesteaks normally but they way they spice their meat is amazing. They only issue is that they don't have mushrooms or other toppings for their subs. I think it's only whiz and onions. Part of me thinks "why change a good thing?" But personally it would have been nice to have some options. Besides that, each and every time, I've had pleasant and kind service. They're normally busy but not packed which I also like.Hands down the greatest sandwich shop in Philly. They have a great selection and everything tastes homemade.Interestingly flavored. The truffle cheese wiz was certainly a different spin. It wasn't the cheapest cheesesteak but the wait wasn't too long. They have a lot of seating.Loved this sandwich shop! It wasn't busy when I went on a weekend for late lunch. They had a great Philly cheesesteak and plenty of others that looked delicious. It was a little expensive ($12 for the Woodrow's Whiz sandwich) but it was a big sandwich.I came from New York for a conference and was looking forward to a *real* Philly cheesesteak: Woodrow's delivered the goods 100%. 
I got their cheesesteak wiz wit sandwich and a kale Caesar. 
With the caveat that I admitedly usually get my cheesesteaks from nyc corner stores, this is the best one than I've ever had. It's hence my new benchmark. The salad was equally as good. 
Staff was friendly, helpful, and very likable. 
Drinks were pricey, however. I only wanted an iced tea, and what they carried was a big glass for $4 plus, rather than a can of Lipton that would've done the job. 
Also, the back kitchen was a little too boisterous for my tastes, but I realize that I'm peculiar and picky and I'd understand if anyone wanted to dismiss this gripe. 
On the whole though, these are comparatively minor criticisms; Woodrow's has the goods. I don't believe in Yelp's rating system (only whole numbers), which to me puts us in a straight-jacket of rookie scores not allowing for more precision. So, I don't believe in perfect scores, but with that said, it deserves a 4.5, which I'm forced to round up to 5/5. 
In the final measure though, you need to go to Woodrow's.I am on a quest to find the best cheesesteak in philly.
My first stop was Woodrow's. It's an intimate spot that makes amazing food and simplifies the ordering process.
My girlfriend and I walk in and ordered through the kiosk system. Our order was :
Cheesesteak- with homemade wiz with truffle oil- one of the best sandwiches I've ever eaten. The steak was seasoned and hot, the cherry pepper mayo was tasty.
Fries- hand cut fries hot and crispy.
2 waters 
Overall I have to say this was a very pleasant 1st stop on my cheesesteak tour.
The employees are very nice and we got our food quickly.
Do yourself a favor and get o Woodrow's asap!!!!The best cheesesteak I've ever had! The whiz to meat ratio is perfect, the bread is soft yet sturdy, and the caramelized onions are cooked just enough. Without truffle flavoring the homemade whiz sauce would still be amazing. I suspect even a cheesesteak traditionalist would love this, although I could be wrong. I can't wait to return and try more sandwiches!We had a catered lunch from here in our office, so I was lucky enough to try a variety of these sandwiches! I truly enjoyed each one, but my favorite was the eggplant vegetarian one. I was a bit leery of how hot sandwiches and french fries would hold up on a take out order, but was pleasantly surprised to see that they weren't soggy. Looking forward to many more orders from here and hopefully even going there myself!Simply addictive. I went to Cleaver's yesterday, although I was impressed with their cheesesteak I thought that Woodrow's was superior. Comes with truffle cheese whiz, onions, house mayo takes things to another level and the beef is chopped up into small bits so that every bite explodes in your mouth. This place has the best cheesesteak that I've had so far in Philly and I'm coming back here tomorrow to grab one for the road.
Easy to order since they have kiosks to input your order. Offers free tap water. When you open the package, the cheese whiz may be overflowing so be careful. I have to say that these new places that have been opening up since I last visited Philly are absolutely smashing it! This spot doesn't have as many reviews yet on Yelp, but you should definitely check out this gem if you're in Philly!Really tasty cheesesteak. I ordered the Woodrows with wit and I was impressed. It was a little chewy but extremely flavorful with just the slightest hint of spiciness. I definitely would pay the $12 pre-tax price again. Woodrow's definitely lives up to the hype.Cheesesteaks in Philadelphia are as iconic as Rocky and The Liberty Bell. However the scene is much more than dueling Geno and Pat's.
A little under a mile away on South St is one of the newer joints on the scene, Woodrow's. I strolled in on a Sunday after a very long Saturday night out on the town. While some eat their cheesesteaks after a few at 3 AM, I prefer to enjoy my steak and cheese after sleeping off a few of those drinks.
Given my current ability to talk to humans I was happy to see I could order off an iPad station without having to interact with anyone.
As my Woodrow's Whiz Wit and Cajun fries were being assembled I slowly came back to life with the smells of house-made Whiz and the sizzle of the grill.
Upon first bite I was whisked away to a world of beef, truffles, and fake cheese.
Really though the truffle whiz is an ingenious idea, it adds a richness to the traditional shaved ribeye and caramelized onions. The thick cut fries with Cajun actually had heat and not just salt like other cajun seasonings. 
I was absolutely delighted with my hangover Cheesesteak. Good thing I don't live in Philly or else I would be at Woodrow's every Sunday.In search for a cheesesteak spot besides the touristy Pats and Genos, we stumbled upon Woodrow's which sets themselves apart with their homemade truffle whiz.
We were a little nervous at first since we've only had typical cheesesteaks before this, but we can honestly say it's the best cheesesteak we've had by far.
The truffle whiz has a nice, subtle truffle twinge that never overpowers the other ingredients in the sandwich. The steak itself was seasoned well and the ratio of meat to onions and whiz was perfect. We planned on sharing one, but we had to get one more after the first just because.
This place isn't on most people's radars when it comes to cheesesteaks in the area, but it's a must-try for sure.We wanted cheesesteaks but weren't going to pack the kiddos, lose our parking spot and drive out for the sandwiches.  So, Caviar delivery - it is!  The order was seamless from Woodrow's to the courier and then, to us. 
Anyways, onto the sandwiches: roast pork roll and the cheesesteak.  Both were delicious.  My husband is picky as he's had plenty of cheesesteaks but inhaled his.  The truffle whiz makes it a little more refined.  A little.  It's still a cheesesteak.  They make their own cheese whiz so no neon orange stuff here.  There was flecks of truffle. My pork roll had just enough heat from the hot aioli.  I do wish there was a bit more cheese but I should've asked for that.  
The fries were thickly cut and still crispy when it got to us.  We got the truffle whiz for a dip.  Yum!Very good chee steak. I like them better than Jim's. Pretty equal to ishkabibbles.  They are friendly fellows there.Possibly the best cheesesteak in Philadelphia hands down !! Everyone talks about Pat's, genos and Jim's but this is a sleeper . The steak is high quality no fat ,rolls are perfect and the cheese sauce is possibly the best I ever had and I cant forgot the chopped cherry peppers . Only problem is they close early but that's understandable due to the nighttime riff raftDO not go
poor food. , 
also when I want to order some thing the guy actually took a crap in the middle of making my drink which took 10 minutes and made my lift driver so angry what a poor example
at the price its like buying egarbage Poor smelly restaurant and poor employee attitude do not goAny time I read artisanal ingredients involved in a simple classic like a cheesesteak I become wary. I can't help it, it's second nature. Similar to how film buffs scoff at remakes of classics, it more often than not just does not work out. Woodrow's proved me wrong. Delicious rib eye chopped and piled high on a fresh bun with velvety truffled whiz and their subtle cherry pepper mayo. For those who have had their share of cheesesteaks and are looking for something to switch it up but not deviate too far from the classic, Woodrow's is as good of a pick as any.Cheese steak was legit, gooey cheese, well season.blue berry soda rootbeer was another winner. Cajun fries  are hot be carefullThere's no doubt that Philly is a sandwich town. With two legendary sandwiches in the Cheesesteak and the Roast Pork sandwich it's hard to argue. That being said it's not an easy to make your mark in this city. I walked into woodrow's on the recommendation of a friend, skeptical to say the least (I've probably passed the place about 20 times on drunken stumble to grab a steak from Jim's). I immediately went for the cheesesteak, classic, whiz wit, no mayo (comes on the sandwich) Threw some cherry peppers on for good measure. I figured if they didn't get this right, well, I knew what to expect for the rest of the menu. Took my first bite and I knew. I knew that Woodrow's had supplanted the number one spot on my cheesesteak list. The truffle oil in the wiz is game changing. Thin cut ribeye shavings..melts in your mouth. Fresh bread to catch all the greasy goodness. I finished the sandwich wanting another. Needless to say I will be back to try the rest of the hoagies on this tremendous menu. Ok well maybe after one or two more cheesesteaks.My go to spot when I take friends from out of town. Best sandwiches and flavor at a decent price. Woodrow's staff is always friendly and they freshly make each sandwich. Hands down best jawns in Philly.The best cheesesteak I had in Philly. (I also tried Jim's, Tony Luke's) The truffle cheese wiz was perfectly balanced and took it up an echelon above the rest. We also ordered the shrimp po boy and it tasted oh so good. Great sauces, great flavor, this and Tony Luke's are the only places I'd go when I come back!Absolutely amazing Philly cheesesteak. Next time I come back I'm headed straight to Woodrow's when I get off the plane.This was the first of 4 sandwiches we had in Philly and it was by far the best cheese steak. That wiz is so damn perfect and the bread was delicious too. I miss this cheese steak at least once a month now that I'm back in California....This place is AMAZING. Had the Woodrows Whiz Wit first, the truffle whiz is everything. Best cheese steak in Philly! Best Cubano as well! Being from NY I've eaten many Cubans, but non compare. Loved this place so much decided to come and get the "Not just breakfast" sandwich the next morning. Once again was highly satisfied. They also have an awesome Brunch Box you can get in the morning. So many options. This place is probably my favorite place I've eaten, EVER.Bf and I tried the Woodrow's Whiz Wit and the Cubano! Both were delicious. Although we'd have to say the cheesesteak is the winner. The meats on both sandwiches were tender and juicy!! The cheese sauce was liquid gold. Cajun fries were thick and well seasoned. A little spicy for the bf, but that just meant more for me ;)Yum. I walked 10 minutes with suitcase to get here and it was worth every step.
Had the cheese whiz sandwich and I could clearly have  just eaten half of it 
it was Huge. Fries expensive but very filling would've liked them a little crispier as they're thick cut.
I'm thinking that light eaters could split the sandwich and the fries still get full.
Someone next to me had the Cuban sandwich and said it was equally yummy
Don't let the neighborhood or the plain Jane appearance fool you it's very good!Omg friggin amazing! Had my first cheesesteak here and definitely would be return customer if I actually lived here.  Nice menu optionsWoodrow's is our go-to sammich place now! The BF *still* craves their cheesesteaks, and we even ordered when my folks were in town, so I can officially say that everything we've tried off their menu has been incredible! 
Tonight it was the italian hoagie... when I got it, my first thought was that it was bigger than my arm, from elbow to wrist. Seriously. And it is super tasty!!! I hate dry sandwiches, and this was perfect! My new go-to! 
My family has also tried the turkey sandwich, the sausage & peppers, the shrimp po'boy, the cajun mahi mahi... all are great. Wish they didn't close at 7! But we are learning to plan ahead. :)This is a great place to go for a cheesesteak in Philadelphia. A little off the beaten path but definitely just as good, if not better than many of the hyped up cheesesteak places in Philly. The truffle whiz is amazing and truly a reason to get the cheesesteak, but the rest of the menu looks great too, especially the sandwich with the broccoli raab. They have a decent sized menu with three completely Vegetarian (or maybe they were vegan?) options. Good selection of drinks as well. Cool atmosphere, helpful staff, and a very intuitive self ordering system if you're paying with card. Check out Woodrow's!!!Little nondescript shop in the cool college kid part of town... But their truffle cheesesteak was our favorite sandwich from the 5 or so sandwich shops we visited during our short trip to Philly. Higher quality meat with a touch of creativity was enough to stand out...
Congrats guys, you get the (admittedly limited because we didn't get to go everywhere) crown...Very tasty,  hot and fresh! Would go back.  It kinda a little sketchy but worth the chance. The fries were made to order and hot.The food is good but the ambiance is brutal. They were blaring music louder than bars I go to at night making it impossible for conversation. I mean it was thumping. I kept thinking if I cant stand this how can the employees? Also they had issues with the machines you order on so the whole thing kind of gave me a headache.
That all being said - the sandwiches were made well and were good, I just would never eat inside there again. More of a to-go place IMHO!While Philly is known for cheesesteaks and the Whiz Wit delivers: complete with truffle cheese whiz (which adds an earthy depth of flavor) that accentuates the fatty goodness of the ribeye, the pork sandwich was one of the best I've ever tasted. 
Both sandwiches must have an au jus added, after one bite, steaming hot juice spills out the end (and if you're not careful, onto your pants). That juiciness gives the sandwich so much flavor and makes it stand out among others. For the pork, the slightly bitter broccoli rabe, the rich shredded cheese and the red pepper flakes create a beautiful complement to the well seasoned pork. Loved it. Fries were decent- not the crispest I've had, but a good complement to the flavorful sandwiches. 
Deco, self-ordering on a computer system with pictures of all the things on their menu and kickass sammies make this place so worth it.Best cheesesteak in Philly.  Well seasoned and had a lil kick to it.  Wish I would've taken one back homeThe cheesesteak was amazing! The meat was great but that in house truffle wiz is something else! After I finished I wanted another one! It was fantastic. We ordered a side of fries which were surprisingly amazing! Nice and fried on the outside and good potato flavor on the inside. Delicious thick fries. The joint was a little small but it was fine as It wasn't crowded! Definitely a good spot to check out for something a little different!Woodrow's Sandwich Shop is a sandwich haven built for sandwich mavens like yours truly. You may already be aware of how they infuse Philly cheesesteaks with the bouge of "truffle whiz" and elevate them to another level of awesome delish. 
Oh yes, the cheesesteak is bliss. But don't let the truffle whiz perplex you. When you get to the heart of it, it's a genuine cheesesteak, despite its truffletastic undertones. Little bit of glitz, but typical cheesesteak components: amazing meat, cheese, fried onions, and yummy bread (that's a little on the soft side -- not my preference, but it works here). Do you put mayo on yours? I don't, but that's okay, and this one's got that going for it too, in the form of cherry pepper mayo. So you get a subtle kiss of heat, and it's glorious. 
There's always an option to add a side of fries and truffle whiz to any sandwich, so do it!
And those fries? They're foolproof. Plus, I've recently begun a love affair with their perpetually popular Honey: golden crunchy pretzel chicken pounded thin and tender like schnitzel, pickles, and honey mustard mayo, all tucked into a glorious brioche.
Their shrimp po' boy is all about seared grilled shrimp, not fried, and that's more than okay. These are luscious and scrumptious morsels that bring the snap that this crusty-rolled sandwich needs, especially dressed in a zippy remoulade.
Dank, decadent, delish, drippy, messy, heavenly... I could go on and on, but I won't. Instead, I'll be back to try more and go halfsies with folks so I can work my way through their menu. I want it all, and I want it now.
They sell Joe Tea, too. Peach Joe Tea. Try it if you've not yet. It tastes like a ripe, juicy peach kissed by the sun!This was by far one of the best sandwiches I have had in philly, and I have ate my way through this city. We split the brisket, cheesesteak and the Italian.... and WOOOOOW. All of them had something great to offer, not to mention the most booommmbbb truffle cheese wiZ on the cheesesteak. Highly recommend.When I first moved to Philly, I liked to ask each of my Uber/Lyft drivers for their favorite cheesesteak recommendations. I quickly learned how personal a question this is. 
There is this random fable I recall from my childhood about a little woodland deer who was hesitant about crossing the river...she first asked Squirrel if it was safe. Squirrel said "Don't even think about it! You're gonna drown." So Deer hesitated. Then asked Horse, who said "Aw dude, the water will come up to your ankles." Then Deer was conflicted and confused. 
Then she smelled truffle cheese wiz wafting over from the other side of the river, from a little shop in the woods called Woodrow's. She thought, "Truffle cheese wiz does not a classic cheesesteak make! This is blasphemy." But poor Deer was so hungry, she held her head high and braved the river current to the other side. Lo and behold, she survived! Was not a cakewalk like Horse had suggested, but she did not drown like Squirrel had warned. 
And in that moment Deer learned that trying to take advice from a myriad of disparate opinions would leave her at an impasse; but jumping in river herself can lead to wonderful discoveries like the fact that unconventional truffle cheese whiz is absolutely delicious. 
(as to why a deer is a carnivore...that is another story)Inarguably the best Philly cheesesteak in Center City. The sandwich is well worth the price and comes with homemade cheese whiz that's brings it all together. It doesn't come with a side or drink but it's a good sized sandwich.I'm only giving it a two star because the cook was the rudest person I ever encountered. I came in at 630 I get it they close by 7 and we were aware of that. It was almost liked I fucked up his whole day by walking in at this time. Customers after that came in were treated the same way. 
Lock the doors if you don't want people coming in 30 minutes before closing.
Cheesesteak was ok.. go to Angelo's down the street.. much better.This place was amazing! The fries with Cajun seasoning were super deliciously fried and seasoned. The cheesesteak with wiz cheese was actually really good too! The bread was nice and soft but toasted just right. I'd def come back if I'm in Philly again.poor food. , at the price its like buying garbage Poor smelly restaurant and poor employee attitudeI moved to Philly about 8 months ago and never even thought about getting a Philly cheese steak. As far as I knew, they were all just crappy meat and cheese wiz (which is basically plastic cheese from a can) thrown on some bread that I can't even eat anyway. BUT when my friends came by for a visit, they wanted their Philly cheese steaks! I don't even remember how we decided on this place, but we all stepped out into the beautiful spring day and went for a walk to Woodrow's. 
Once we arrived, we all crowded around one of their touch screen machines to order. This already made me happy because I stress out when I have to order at the counter. Is there someone behind me? I need to hurry up! I don't know what to get. What are your drink options? Oh god, it's just too much. 
Thankfully, all we needed to do was press a few buttons and our food (for all 6 of us) was hot and ready in under 15 minutes. We all got fries and then 4 of us got the Woodrow's Whiz Wit, 1 got a grilled cheese and 1 got a Falafel Beet L.T. Bonus info: they have gluten free bread!!!
So how was my first Philly cheese steak? Come a little closer and I'll tell you....closer...closer.....it was FUCKING DELICIOUS. Those fries were also the shit. Not shit. THE shit. You understand me. But seriously though. The meat was juicy and very flavorful, the bread was so good that I would honestly have just eaten it completely plain, which basically NEVER happens with gluten free bread, the fries were super hot, super crispy and super yummy and the cheese...the cheese was..I can't even. I would bathe in that cheese if you let me. 
Woodrow's? 5 stars hands down.I couldn't come to Philly and NOT have a cheesesteak here.  My only regret was not ordering more to go...
Interior can be cramped as there's not a whole lot of seating so plan accordingly!  
One thing I liked is the fact you can order everything on a touch screen.  If you know what you want then it's just a few button presses and boom just pay and sit tight!
What we ordered:
1) Woodrow's Whiz Wit - $12 as of 7/2019
This was awesome.  They make their own cheese wiz which is infused with truffle oil which really gives this a unique rich taste.  There was great wiz coverage and the meat was well seasoned.  
2) Shrimp Po' Boy - $11 as of 7/2019
This was also really good with very fresh shrimp that meshed well with the remoulade, marinated tomatoes, romaine, pickles and chives.  A bit messy though!
If you're a fan of cheesesteaks and are in the area then definitely drop by this place.  If you're more of a traditionalist however then you may not appreciate the creative liberties they made with their custom wiz sauce.If I had not gone to John's Roast Pork, I would safely say Woodrow's makes the 2nd best cheesesteak in Philadelphia. But John's does it one better for consistency sake. However, Woodrow's gets a ton of credit for their take on a cheesesteak.
Unlike most cheesesteak joints in Philadelphia, Woodrow's takes it to another level. They use a cherry truffle into their cheese and it makes it taste absolutely delicious. Bite after bite this thing just got better and better. I mean, this is a crazy good cheesesteak that they should just keep to themselves and shut out Pat's and Geno's, because those two do not have a leg to stand on compared to Tony Luke's, John's Roast Pork, and now Woodrow's.
I also loved the cashier. She was super chill, but brutally honest. She allowed me to try the truffle cheese before buying the steak to see if I would like it. Props to her for making me a believer and giving me a chance to try something so crazy, but so unique and delicious.
I only have two minor complaints. The sandwich is a bit on the small side considering the price, and the roll is a bit on the softer side. Other than that they make a killer steak that simply leaves me wanting more.
Job well done Woodrow's.Delicious cheesesteak! The Wit Wiz sandwich with house made truffled cheese was a great twist, although I could barely taste the truffle, nonetheless it was a delicious sandwich. Don't forget the house cut fries.Awesome sandwiches! I get the house roasted turkey all the time it's my absolute favorite! They use real roasted turkey (not lunch meat). the grilled cheese is also great with the apples giving it a nice extra addition. And of course their cheesesteak is top notch, great house made wiz! I don't think you could go wrong with any sandwich you order!Ok a phili with truffle cheese I took the mayo off and it was awesome tried with mayo a little more kick but this place has the funk! Very good worth the money and the cheesesteak!Made an order for a side salad that was supposed to be ready by 11:55 I placed it at 11:45 and am still waiting at12:10 some people have jobs and don't expect a restaurant to be 20 mins late on a side salad .......ridiculousSO GOOD WE WENT TWICE....within 2 hours
This was the only thing that saved my trip to Philly. After going to the Magic Gardens a couple blocks down, my friends and I stopped by this shop for a bite (thankfully it was open on Easter Sunday). I ordered the Cuban sandwich, which was good on its own but my friend ordered the Woodrow's Wiz Wit and oHmahGaWd.
This is what I EXPECT a Philly Cheesesteak to taste like. Juicy, dripping steak on a delicious soft toasted bun. Truffle whiz....to die for..
And then we went back for another....craving another one right now (*Q *)Their spin on the cheesesteak is quite good.
It is unique with a truffle sauce. It is priced pretty much the same as every cheesesteak that you can get in Philly. So you get that fancy aspect without paying an insane premium.
It definitely is a unique take on the Philly Cheesesteak.Where have you been my entire life?? Wiz mixed with truffle is like Godsend! . Before even taking the first bite, you can smell the truffle and from there, I already knew it was going to be perfection. First bite and my body melted. Yes, it was that delicious.
Also ordered fries. So fresh!!! You can tell it's not frozen potatoes. Crispy on the exterior and the softness on the inside. If these weren't so high in calories, I would seriously be here every day.One of the top sandwich places in Philly for sure. Ordering was super easy, if you have a card you order right on a kiosk and just wait for your number to be called. The sandwich was extremely flavorful. Included truffle cheese whiz and chipotle mayo. Absolutely delicious.