Love it here. Dinner and a show is one of my favorite things to do and this place is outstanding. Go see the peekaboo review they are the best!!The location is great. You can get there by foot from Center City or public transportation, and  you can park your car underground. The food is a yummy mix of traditional and non-traditional. I loved the vegetarian burger and eggplant fries.  I did not like the quinoa salad, although I usually like quinoa; it had so much mint in it, I felt I fell in my compost pile.  The ice cream with bacon has a terrible texture, and might be the only ice cream I dislike.  But, this is not the bad part.
The wait staff is terrible. They are rude at the front end, and they are rude when they serve you. We waited a horribly long time to get our dessert, too. There was no explanation, but it was almost thrown at us as we were deciding whether it was time to leave (we assumed they had forgotten it and it was getting late).  
Worst of all, they added a gratuity into my bill without me knowing it. I did not realize the tip was added into the bill, and I tipped the rude waitress with cash. Therefore, she got a 38% tip when she deserved 38 cents.  I would not go to the World Cafe Live unless I was going for the entertainment and was certain it was worth my time and expense.What a great location and venue! Saw Radical Face here and I couldn't be more pleased with the whole experience. Getting into the venue was a breeze, not over packed inside and 5 dollar IPAs. My only complaint, and this is a product of me aging, is that there are not any seats or a balcony.We saw Philly Gumbo last night and they were amazing. Absolutely worth seeing again anytime. Great mix of blues, Caribbean and rock. Go if you can because you'll have a great time. The food was lovely and we enjoyed every bit of it. Highly recommend. A perfect venue.Venue was easy to find with a little preparation via Google Maps.  Parking in the lower level lot operated by UPENN was a breeze and only cost $10 for the night.  Made it to the upper bar in time for happy hour and enjoyed $3 Yuengling Lager pints.  Made our way downstairs for Stephen Kellogg and the Sixers, and the venue couldn't have been better.  The acoustics and atmosphere were great and the service at the dowstairs bar was quick and friendly.  I'll certainly be returning to the World Cafe next time a show announcement catches my eye!Jonathan Coulton from a VIP seat: best concert experience ever.  The acousitcs are fabulous, the price is low, the atmosphere and service attentive.  No downside.Upstairs-  Incredible if you are with a group, and have a table in a good spot.   The area in front of the band is in a bad spot.  The kitchen doors are right by the band, so if you are in front of the stage, you have to dodge guys carrying trays all night.  Very awkward.  It seems to have a lot of great bands upstairs that don't sell too many tickets.   
Downstairs-  Overall typical of this type of venue.  Big floor, great balcony, a little tough to get a drink if the show is packed.  
During the week there's always a special on some kind of beer.  Otherwise drink prices are high, but not atypical of this kind of a place.
I never tried any food.
Seems to have one great band after another upstairs and downstairs all year long.one of my favorite places in philly!  I've been here three times, and it functions as so much -- the upstairs features local or new artists, usually free or a small cover charge, and the downstairs is a true concert venue that brings in musicians from everywhere.  the upstairs is this mesh between a restaurant/bar area and has a low stage which is great b/c if you're sitting close enough, you'll be right next to the artist.  the servers are always fun and outgoing, and the drinks are great.  food is pretty good, could be a little bit cheaper. def a spot to hit if you want live music and  good night out.  make sure to check the website to see who's performing and cost before you go.As far as I am concerned the CUSTOMER SERVICE there is horrible! NOT TO MENTION the FALSE ADVERTISING LISTED ON THEIR WEBSITE when getting ready to purchase tickets. Pay close attention the part where they say you can save $2 in cash only to show up at the box office and be told that there is still a $3 processing fee and that it will cost you extra if you pay by credit card! 
Another misrepresentation is that the price of the ticket is listed at $25 under the artists show but when you proceed to purchase tickets you are being charged $26 plus a $5 processing fee. BELOW IT STATES SAVE $2 when purchasing with cash at the box office. I was under the impression that I would pay $25/$26 not $28 or $31 by arriving to purchase at the box office. The girl sitting at the cash register told me it was a MISUNDERSTANDING. NO IT IS MISREPRESENTATION!!!!!!!!!
 I WILL NEVER RECOMMEND THIS PLACE to ANYONE! 
I wasn't asking for a free ticket. I only wanted them to honor what was stated on their website. Instead, the whole experience turned out to be very disdainful. 
All I wanted was to easily purchase tickets to the ESTELLE show, an artist that I love listening to.  Instead my whole experience at WORLD CAFE LIVE was ruined by this one circumstance . 
See below for the disclaimer written on the website: wouldn't you think you were saving money if you went to purchase at the box office??
Just a note on false advertising: 
 "Any advertising or promotion that misrepresents the nature, characteristics, qualities or geographic origin of goods, services or commercial activities" (Lanham Act, 15 U.S.C.A.  1125(a)).
BET Music Matters welcomes Estelle "All of Me" Tour
Monday, March 05, 2012, 8:00 pm EST at  World Cafe Live
See Description 
Important:
All sales are final. There are no refunds or exchanges. Cameras and recording devices are not permitted. Showtime and supporting acts are subject to change. Please Note: Multiple attempts to complete this transaction will result in multiple temporary holds on your credit card funds.
Mezzanine tickets are assessed an additional service fee. These are priority seating areas with VIP amenities. For more information, please read the Mezzanine FAQ.
Dinner service is available for all seated ticket holders. For more information, please read the Dining FAQ.
Save $2 by purchasing your tickets with cash at our box office before show date. WXPN Member discount available by phone or at our box office.I saw a show at the downstairs venue.  It was much bigger than I thought.  The crowd was a bit rude--the girl sitting across from us brought her own food (yogurt!).  I'd heard that the sound was bad, but it was pretty good.  Most of all, the prices for the shows aren't that bad.  The staff were all incredibly friendly, from the box office guys to the door staff to the waitresses.  Maybe it's this way all over Philadelphia, but after the pouty if-you-aren't-famous-I-don't-have-time-for-you staff at a lot of LA venues, the WCL crew are a welcome change!Have been here for multiple shows - Nickel Creek, Lucius, Over the Rhine, poetry and story slams, and many more. 
It's a pretty awesome venue, with an upstairs and a downstairs stage. They bring great bands, and they serve good solid bar food and beers if one is so inclined.I had my first experience here to see Gilmore guys. I worked their merch table so I had the opportunity to experience this place as a volunteer with the act and as a spectator. It was a good experience! The managers were very accommodating in helping us set up the table and even printed a sign and gave us linen for the table. The downstairs space is beautiful and well laid out. I was a little nervous about getting forgotten by the server in our section but that did not happen. She was very attentive about our drinks. The only reason this place does not get 5 stars is because of the food. It's INCREDIBLY over priced for both the portion size and quality. The drinks were very reasonable for the area.World Cafe (downstairs) is my favorite overall-experience music venue. Great beer, pretty good food, smaller venue, CLEAN, plenty of bathrooms. There are most certainly places in Philly with better beer, food, and stages, but none have all bundled into one little venue. 
Tickets really range in price depending on who you are going to see, from free to "I'm not paying that" a.k.a $50. The staff is always attentive and friendly. 
There are free at noon shows on some Fridays, and the upstairs also has an open mic night on most Mondays. They even have random themed meals, like the upcoming grilled cheese and beer tasting.
Overall, a great venue to make a night out of it: music, food, drinks all in one place.I am a huge fan of their free at noon concert. If you haven't heard of this, you should go check it out. You can see some pretty amazing bands for free during your workday. So far, I've seen Delta Spirit and She & Him, and I plan to go back for more shows. Luckily, I work right in the city and have some young friends who are willing to go out to a show during their lunch hour with me :).
The best part of the concert is that the place does not use it to push their food/drinks on the concert-goers. It is truly free. You just show up, after signing up online, enjoy the show, and meander back out to work. 
I've also been here for a regular evening concert, to see Sia perform. It was amazing, and we were easily able to get up close to the concert stage. Great venue all around!I have this theory. 
The theory is, that in any given nuclear family, there is a finite amount of talent, to be had. The fact that my sister is a genius and good at everything supports this. Consider Matt and Kevin Dillon, Sylvester and Frank Stallone and Eddie and Charlie Murphy , and you understand what I'm saying. Sure, you get the occasional anomaly like the Williams sisters or the Mannings' but for every family like that, there is one with zero talent, like Ashley and Jessica Simpson. 
My theory doesn't bode well, for our friend Michael W. I recently went to World Cafe Live to see Brian Aglira And Michael's brother Scott play a show, and they were fantastic. From southern Rock cover tunes, to blues to original material on a number of different instruments, these guys were musically on point. 
Seems Ive forgiven WCL, for a previous transgression against me. Years ago, in the early aughts, a younger, more streamlined version of myself, tried to get a job here, when it first opened. Needless to say, I wasn't cool enough to score employment at such a hip establishment, so I hightailed it out of the city, never to return. 
Until now... 
My loss. WCL is a wonderful music venue. Very intimate with great acoustics. You have to love a venue, where you can see the stage from the bar, or be able to have pork chops brought to you as you rock out. 
I didn't eat anything , but it looked good and smelled better and I made a note to come back for a meal , in the near future. The beer selections didn't wow me, but this wasn't the reason i came anyway. 
I recommend both seeing a show at WCL and checking out Scott and Brian, whether they are playing together or solo (your best bet would be in the West Chester area). And don't feel too bad for our buddy Michael. If my theory of family talent is correct, Michael may not be able to sing Happy Birthday, but Scott must not be able to string a comprehensive sentence together to save his life.Awful, awful service!  
Went on 4/7/17 to see a fantastic salsa band. The band Conjunto Philadelphia did not disappoint.  Too bad the same cannot be said for WCL!  The venue let in so many people there was no room to dance, there were people sitting on the steps to what should have been the dance floor. Those that did try to dance did so in between tables in the 'dining' area.  
Although we had a reservation, we were cramped into a tight corner table.  It took our waitress 20 minutes to get to us to take a drink order.  After that it took another 20 to get our drinks.  When our food arrived (40 minutes after ordering) the entrees came out first followed 5 minutes later by our appetizers.  No once in the next 75 minutes did our waitress check on us...she cheated herself out of at least 3 rounds of drinks.   
There are some great acts that play WCL...too bad management has not figured out that the crowds drawn by those acts require more than 2 servers.My husband and I had a great time relaxing and watching performers.  Great for a date. The setting upstairs is intimate and the food is better than standard bar fare.Good drinks (with decent beer selection) okay food, and one of my favorite concert venues in Philly!What a fun, relaxed venue!
I was here on Sunday night for the Matt Wertz/Elenowen show -- spurred by a last minute invite by my cousin who is Matt Wertz-obsessed -- and had a blast.
In the past, every show I've been to has been a squish-fest of sweaty bodies and loud, screaming music. This was a nice change of pace. (Though, I must admit, I sure do love those squish-fests.)
Anyway - I didn't try the food, so I can't vouch for that, but the bar looked comfortable, the bathrooms were clean enough, and the parking situation was a-okay. Ticket prices were also reasonable, and nabbing a spot in the front row was a huge plus.
It was definitely worth it to stay up past my workweek bedtime to spend a few hours here!I am kicking myself for not coming here sooner....upstairs area is awesome for sitting back and listening to good music, ordering food, and some drinks. Place isn't cheap but it's not crazy expensive either. I did not try the food but my boyfriend enjoyed his calamari. Good place to go with friends...I will definitely be back.Toot, Chap and I went here last night to see Roger Clyne & The Peacemakers. We didn't eat or anything, just headed right downstairs to the show. There is an upstairs dining area with DJs and other acts that play in that room. We took our spot at the bar at the back of the room and enjoyed the show. Not as crowded as last time we were here which is good and bad. Good for us as there was room to move and the barkeeps weren't going crazy, bad for RCPM and the club as I'm sure they both would have liked to have seen a bigger crowd. It wasn't empty at all, there was a decent crowd, but not packed. They had Victory Ale for $3.25 a draft, good price and good beer, with a fruity, orange taste. The band rocked the ***** out of the place and a great time was had by all. The staff at World are real pleasant and I've had a great time there both times I've gone. I'm sure we'll be returning for more good old Rock N Roll fun.Just went for the 2nd time tonight and I must say I definitely like this place! Great building, good sound system, and a SUPER friendly staff. $6 for a Corona bottle and $5 for Yuengling on tap isn't all too bad either. Still have yet to try any food but what I have walked by looks and smells pretty damn good! Great place to check out one of your favorite artists for sure.
Only complaint I have is that they allow people to stand all along the one bar (the ONLY bar) in the main venue. So every time you go to get a drink people have to move and give you a dirty look, when really you are the dumbass standing in front of the bar and not down on the floor where all 300 other people are lol, but they definitely shouldn't allow this, makes getting a drink such a hassle!World Cafe Live hosts "Free at Noon" concerts every Friday. It's so great!!! Live music is an experience that is like no other. 
The ambiance is great and so is the food. Head there one day and see for yourself.This place is just too awesome. A nice bar/restaurant on the ground level with occasional bands. A nice-sized basement venue that broadcasts shows live. And big name acts, too. Wow! You can't ask for more. Oh, yeah, the food is decent. Nothing super fantastic. My group had the hummus, meatballs, and crab biscuits and all were good.Top-notch venue and staff!
We had the pleasure of hosting a 50th birthday party at WCL recently and had a fantastic time!  Starting with the contracting process, through the customer service, food selection, and day-of/on-site assistance, the staff was amazing.  All of our guests enjoyed the food (a vast selection of appetizers) & drink and the live music by Damn The Torpedoes.  I highly recommend WCL for an evening out or a private party in the future.  A special thanks to Paige Zelnick for her professionalism and expertise!This place is great! I was there for a banquet and the food was unbelievable! I also love the ambiance and it is very comfortable. Good beer list.I've been here a few times now - once downstairs and three times upstairs. I have been going to check out the open mic on Monday nights @ 7:30pm. I still have mixed feelings about this place because the food isn't bad at all, but I have been receiving mixed service treatment. 
I enjoy the food and atmosphere at WCL. So far I've had the WCL burger which was tasty, but I like mine with a bit more pepper and if possible, it could be juicier. I know order fries is just asking for greasy food, but the eggplant fries were a bit crispy and greasy for my liking - nice horseradish dipping sauce though. The price of drinks aren't bad either.. $3 pints on Monday nights, I choose the draft over the $10 cocktails any day. 
As for the service, when it wasn't busy it was hard to get the waitress' attention and she forgot an order for my table. But when it was busy, they were able to remember all of our requests. Two of the times I've been there, I had to request some silverware after my food had been served. I might just be anal, but one last thing is I observed is one of waiters was cleaning the table and had sprayed cleaning solution on it while there was a silverware set on the table. Needless to say, it got all over the set and that's something the next person was going to use. 
I would still return because I enjoy the atmosphere and it's a nice place to grab some dinner with some friends.Stopped by here with some friends for happy hour and was initially disappointed at the lack of crowd and live music.  I've been here before to see a show downstairs.  The place has a wonderful atmosphere!  
This was the first time I stayed upstairs.  Happy hour prices are decent ($4 house wines, $6 Yuengling pitchers, $4 well drinks), so a few rounds were had by all.  We also ordered appetizers (select appetizers are 50% off during happy hour).  The french fries were delicious.  The chicken quesadillas weren't too bad - too many peppers for my taste.  I would return for dinner if I was ever in the area again.I'm still a huge fan of this venue and appreciate that there is a great place to enjoy a place to listen to new or well-known artists with intimate settings. I love that the food menu is usually more than just bar bites. Simply put, I've never had a bad time.This is a good venue for some low key nights. I came here to see a band "The Local Smokes" they were great but the only thing that kinda stinks about this place is the bar rule. They only let you buy one drink at a time, and the bar is SO crowded it's kind of a buzzkill to wait by the bar all night to get one drink. They should definitely take that rule awayWorld Cafe Live at The Queen is a solid venue. It is probably the cleanest, most well kept place I've seen a show. The downstairs stage has a lot to offer as far as atmosphere being that it is has much of the original structure of the original Queen Theatre. The bands always sound crisp and clear. The food is good (especially the nachos), but is a bit on the pricier side.An amazing line up of national and international acts.  Karl who books the club has great taste and is willing to take a chance on new things.  Check out the music even if you are not familiar with the performer.  It will never be bad and you may just discover a new musical passion!I absolutely love the World Cafe.  I've been there three times to date--twice in 2006 for two consecutive shows; Ben Jelen (with the Alternate Routes as his opener) and Will Hoge (with The Trews as his opener), and once in 2008 to see Ben Jelen (with Standard of Living as his opener).  The two times I saw Ben Jelen, he performed upstairs and that is my favorite part of the venue as it is the most intimate performance setting.  When I saw Will Hoge, he performed downstairs and my friends and I rocked the front row for that performance.  
 I have never made it to a Free at Noon show, but my dad has gone (to see Hanson...oh how jealous I was even though I had a meet and greet pass to their show at the Troc later that evening...I had no choice but to go to school that day and not see Hanson's free at noon show.  However, Taylor was happy to hear during the meet and greet that my dad had attended the noon performance).   
World Cafe also has great food, drinks, and desserts, so if you're attending a show upstairs, make sure to get there early enough to get a table close enough to the stage!  There are also tables downstairs but I am not sure if they always have seating for downstairs shows.  Regardless, I will definitely be returning to World Cafe Live and hope to perform at one of their weekly open mics sometime in the near future.Valentine's Day is always a toughie.  And after 20+ of them with my husband it can get REALLY tough.  But this one was fun! We went to the WCL wines of Itaplly dinner on the 13th.  Relaxed,  pleasant and interesting, WCL and Joseph Brandolo presented a delightful International Festival of the Arts Dinner. 
Prosecco had been already poured at the tables, as we walked in.  MIsto or Ribollita promptly appeared.  Each course, paired with a delightful Italian wine was carefullly thought out andthroughly enjoyed (though the Bucatini all" Ametriciana reminded me of spaghetti and meatballs...instead of rabbit loin served over Bucatini with Pancetta and Tomato).  
They've got more coming in April. I can't wait!As hard as it is to believe, this concert venue has a banging kitchen! Philly cheesesteak nachos, ahi tuna over rice. Both very tasty and well prepared. Service is there but not over baring. And on top of it all 25 ' from the stage!!(This review is for DOWNSTAIRS!)
The key to concert enjoyment for me, besides a great band putting on a great show, is seats.  Which is why I have always gotten Mezzanine tickets at WCL, and which in my opinion are worth it.  That way, when the band ultimately comes on a hour late, you are okay because you're sitting with a beer in hand.  Which leads me to... it is great that you can get food/drinks while seated in the mezz. In fact I've eaten here a few times now and it is really convient and honestly it's not terrible food, but sorta like Amtrak food it tastes reheated or frozen- on a normal show evening I'd say two-three stars depending on the particular dish. The one thing I love about WCL is that the employees, from the phone lines, to the front desk, to the guy who takes you to your seat, to the waitresses -  they are always helpful and cheerful.  Love it.I really like the WCL downstairs. The seating is ok and the sound is great. I've ordered food many times here and the service is never good. Upstairs the service is very bad and the music is too loud. 
Usually the food and music make up for the dim lighting, the wait staff not knowing the menu but Thursday night the food was not great either. 
So we had ordered by 630 - the place was only 25% full. The salmon was ok and the squash served with was iffy. The barbecue tips were sad and tasted like they came out of a can. Overall menu choices are not imaginative and little is the way of substitution for food allergies 
The waiter ignored us and the lady bartender upstairs was slow also. Happy hour is a bust when the bar is empty and the Bartender still doesn't serve you. The bartender and the waiter kept disappearing. The barmaid said the waiter is new. The service was so slow they made us late for the show. Also it's very difficult to get a cup of coffee at this venueI've been back to the World Café Live a few times since my last review and really need to reevaluate my stance. Of course your experience will have something to do with the concert you are seeing. During my visit a year ago the acoustics sucked and that impacted my experience. The acoustics were fantastic and I loved every moment of the Ben Folds show I saw yesterday; no doubt that played a role in my experience. 
It's hard to give a 5 star review to a place where your experiences can vary so greatly. However, looking at the venue as a whole, I think they are 5 star worthy. Here's why:
1) The venue is intimate. Both the upstairs and downstairs stages will put you right up with the action. 
2) The ticket prices are reasonable- especially compared with some of the competitive venues in Philly. 
3) The beer selection is killer. I know that's not why you go to a concert, but it's totally a plus. If the Susquehanna Bank Center served Great Lakes Commodore Perry IPA, maybe I'd go back more. (Nah, who are we fooling.)
4) The venue is easily accessible by public transportation, plus the parking options are pretty decent. I found street parking near the venue for $2.50 for the whole evening. 
5) The artists are wicked talented. Of course this is always varying, but I feel they pull in top notch artists. They might not always be the most mainstream or well-known, but don't ever doubt that you'll see a good show.
6) There are dining options at most times. The upstairs area is a restaurant that is on Opentable, has happy hour and live music. In the downstairs area, you are able to order food during most shows. I haven't tried the food, but I feel it's much better than a stadium style hotdog. 
Keeping in mind that each experience will be different, I will take the positives this venue has to offer, and will look forward to seeing shows at the World Café Live.World Café Live is the music venue that I wish other venues would emulate (especially as I am painfully experiencing other venues.  Please note I did not say the music was painful, but the VENUES.)
I met up with Blake F. there for a Friday show.
The food is always (incredibly) good at WCL. I got the black bean patty.  Blake had the tofu with soba noodle salad.  When I was finished, my plate was completely empty-a rare event for me.  Both dishes I would happily order again.  Plus I am a sucker for sweet potato fries.
I have never been to a show downstairs, but I find upstairs to be an all around pleasant live music experience.  
I like how they support local artists.  When my favorite local artist has a WCL show, I get super excited.  
(Yay-there will be a bathroom!  Yay-I will like the food!  Yay I will not worry about my parked car!  Yay-the sound quality will be good!  I could go on and on, but you get my drift...and I'm making myself sound snobby.  I can have fun at an event with porta potties)
Also, the venue attracts outstanding national acts (Charlie Hunter will be there soon.)
My only gripe is that the service always goes downhill once the music gets rolling.  But that is to be expected.Great venue for singer-songwriter type shows. And for anyone in West Philadelphia an easier place to get to than most.
I saw Patrick Park here about a year ago and despite having a crowd that was a mixers of diners and concertgoers, mostly seated at tables with meals, they were incredibly respectful and appreciative of the show.
I've also been for just meals, and it's a bit spendy but very good. Overall, a great addition to the University City area.I absolutely loved this place!! Drinks, entertainment & food in an intimate veryyy nice setting! I was actually shocked with the rock band I came to see, this place seemed pretty upscale! Like a cc restaurant. We were at the upstairs venue. Would love to come for a downstairs show next time. 
I didn't order food because I wasn't hungry but my daughter did & let me tell ya.. 1 bite of her burger & I was hooked!! Very large, cooked perfectly with melty American cheese & tons of crispy bacon. Excellent! 
Also our waitress / bartender service was great. Never had to wait. 
Only downside - the only way we were able to sit & eat was because we saw someone we knew. Otherwise , tho not very crowded, the seats were taken & those not occupied said "Reserved". Other than that - great experience all around!!OK, I'm kind of torn. The venue is great. Good acoustics, friendly staff, and as mentioned in other reviews the bathrooms are great. Unfortunately, the band I paid to see was only allowed to play for a little over an hour before the room was cleared for a another act.  If I'm dropping $26 for a band and $11 for a drink, I don't want to get bounced after 70 minutes. The band was visibly pissed, as they hadn't played Philly in years (and probably won't be back, and least not to WCL). Total money-hungry BS on the club's part.Great venue for live music & The Moth Story Slam events. Decent beer & cocktail options. Reasonable prices. Convenient street parking options outside, & very close to the subway.Venue is great and the acoustics are fabulous! I am eager to attend another concert asap! The upstairs is more intimate with dining and limited seats but you can get down and boogie in the downstairs venue.  Both spots are great all depends on who you are seeing!Very cute venue. I came here to see Simply Three and had such a blast. We were at the upstairs portion. Host was extremely nice and seated us right away (and without reservations too), service was fast, and my dessert was pretty good (I had the chocolate lava cake - moist and rich).
I loved the close intimate vibe the upstairs gave. It was small, but not too small. The sound quality seemed great. Can't wait to see what other bands come through here. I will certainly check it out again.I am probably biased. The only reason I every really go to WCL is when a friend of mine is playing. So of course it's always fun. 
I went last night to see the New York Songwriters Circle, always amazing, and sat at the bar. Hung out with a new friend, drank some (ridiculously hangover inducing) Sauvignon Blanc, and listened to some great music. 
The atmosphere here is great, it's like turning on xpn in your car except there are a lot of people around you enjoying food and beverage. I haven't actually sampled the food here, but I have heard really good things about it. 
The staff here are polite (!!! double points in my book...everyone seems to leave their manners at home these days) and the bartender, Josh and I had the same Middle School Alma Mater (Masterman represent!). And he didn't get annoyed with the two fairly tipsy ladies at the end of the bar giggling about every single thing the night had to offer us. 
All in all, I would say go! It's easy to get to, everything is moderately priced, and its a good time!Food: 4
Decor: 4.5
Ambiance: 5
Service: 3.5
Value: 3.5
Nice and intimate location to enjoy a show while having above average food and drinks as well. A great addition to Philly's music and culinary scene.OK, let's just acknowledge that WCL is the coolest listening room in Philadelphia and that I've never seen anything like it in any other city.  It is truly a musical clubhouse where you never know what kind of interesting, eclectic music you're going to find on a given night.I'm torn about writing a review for WCL because the venue itself is pretty fab.  If this review was for venue alone, it would certainly be higher.  
Saw a story slam upstairs on a rainy Monday evening.  Despite the monsoon-like weather, the place was nearly packed.  My friends and I ordered some drinks and a bit of food, which is where things turned a bit sour for me.  Service was rather slow, and while I get that the servers were extremely busy, it seemed odd that there weren't more on staff this particular evening, especially considering the event going on.  
I can't say I was impressed with the food either.  My fish tacos were composed of some shredded and whole fish bits and lacked any sort of flavor.  My friend had the duck salad and she said that was good.  
While I'll definitely attend more events here, next time, I'll eat dinner beforehand.Flew into Philly from Scotland especially for the Proclaimers gig! It was so worth it - Charlie and Craig were superb, as always! But, the venue played its part as well - very friendly, laid back and helpful staff (especially the ultra cool Troy!); cool atmosphere and just a great evening all in!Disappointing.  
My Country Fried Steak was cold, the first time - gravy congealed, biscuits cold.  Ew.  They were nice about taking it back, but the second order was little better.  While the steak was hot, the biscuits were stone cold, still.
I also ordered the fruit salad and the watermelon was translucent (read: old) as was the melon.  
I like the music and desperately wanted to like the venue, but I doubt I'll be back.World Cafe Live!!! What amazing venue except for the fact that you guys allow people to talk during the entire show and ruin it for everyone else! People who have no respect for the artist or for the people around them. We've been to World Cafe Live many, many times and recently we have had the shows ruined by people constantly taking. We recently saw Dave Ramirez and had a group of girls who claimed to be with the band who did not stop talking the entire time despite being asked nicely via notes and in person. A wonderful venue has turned into any other casual place with people talking. Please check out the policy of Eddie's Attic in Atlanta. They call themselves a "Listening venue". Excessive Talking is NOT permitted!I go to shows at least once or twice a month, and it seems like about half of them take place at World Cafe. Lucky me!
Pros:
--Clean! Even the bathrooms are clean and spacious - many concert venues cannot say that!!
--Easy to get to on transit - just a few blocks from 30th Street Station and the walk has always seemed safe enough to me
--Food is good if you are at a show where that's an option
--Downstairs there's really no bad spot to sit/stand
--The sound is consistently good
Cons: 
--Cocktails are a little expensive at $10-$11 each, although they are tasty and have fun music-related titles. I would just love it if they were half the price - then I could order twice as many :)
--Upstairs if the show is crowded with people standing, you may not be able to see while seated at some of the tables. Nevertheless, I do recommend making a table reservation for the upstairs shows if you can.
You can see I'm really fishing for cons... this place is pretty swell and 100% recommended by me.Favorite place to see music in town!  Downstairs, WCL brings in great musicians and, despite my sense of awe for their talent, I feel like I'm sitting in their living room and they often act like they're sitting in mine (last night's performer got the giggles on stage).  It's informal, yet the sound is always perfectly balanced and at just the right volume.  
I just saw Morcheeba and basically had a spiritual experience.  The entire audience was with me on that I'm pretty sure. But the most memorable show will always be one that I won tickets for.  It featured Tao Seeger (Pete's son), Paper Birds (amazing group of 7 from out west), and Philly's own Mark Silver and the Stone Throwers.  I took a blind date who turned out to be 100% creepy.  A band-and-a-half into the show, Mr. Creepy made his exit and I stayed to enjoy the rest.  There were six other people sitting at my table and as it turned out they had been quietly observing MC and I all evening.  So when MC walked out, they cheered and welcomed me into their group!  That night they also inducted me into Philadelphia's official Ultimate Frisbee League, which I joined, and I now play frisbee (very very badly) with nice people year round.  That's the kind of place World Cafe is.  And did I mention the music that night was incredible?
Food: good, not great.  Killer grilled cheese though.  I recommend lunching here.  The dinner fare isn't really worth the price, but it's nice to eat food sometimes when you're seeing/hearing wonderful music, so whatever--eat dinner there too.I was here to see Art Alexakis of Everclear.  Such a great value for the tickets. Like 70 bucks for my friend and I to get seats in their classy upscale mezzanine.  The drink prices were reasonable. 7 for cocktails 3 or 4 for domestic beers.  Candlelit tables, couches, great acoustics and sound system. This is my ideal type of venue to enjoy a night out.  Oh! And their apps were tasty too.  If you see an event you are interested in don't hesitate to check it out.WCL is a pretty tiny venue, so that makes for a good view of whoever you're seeing. The downside of it being so small is that it gets hot quickly and for shows with a big draw they don't generally have seating.
When the upstairs is open for food, it's pretty decent. However, last night there was an event upstairs and everything was blocked off. They also didn't have *any* organization for where the Will Call area was. Usually it's upstairs but due to the event they moved it downstairs, and it was clear that they had no idea what they were doing. The line took forever and they literally moved from one place to another while people were waiting for their tickets. It was just very unorganized.
If possible, I recommend getting tickets for the mezzanine. The acoustics and views are the best from up there, and they usually have more tables and chairs up there.This was the venue for an after party for a conference. It was fantastic. Great craft beer selections, including victory, breckenridge, chimay, dogfish head and others, on tap or in bottles. I had some sweet potato fries that were delicious. Then, the music started. I happened to catch Rubblebucket Orchestra with Agent Moosehead and it was one of the best live shows I've ever seen, hands down, for only $10. It was amazing, fun, clean, and the service was impeccable. I will be back.I enjoy going to shows here but am continually annoyed by the decor.  When it opened, I was blown away by how badly it looked inspired by the set of "Friends" and other mid-90s themes.  Basically, if my mom was asked to design a concert venue for XPN it would look like this.
Other than that, they bring great acts and the shows I've seen (Josh Ritter, Greg Brown, Rhett Miller, and others) have always sounded great.It had been a long, long, long time since I'd been here. I blame time because I forgot how great this place really is. Don't let the same thing happen to you! This has been a Public Service Announcement. 
Anyway, it's interesting how having a table to listen, watch and hear music can make the whole thing a lot more relaxed. The waitress was really attentive and could've come by slightly less. Sometimes it felt like she was eyeing are table to figure out whether we needed anything the same way a dude checks out a woman with giant knockers (less than subtle). After the show ended, everyone stood around for a good 30+ minutes chatting away, but the staff didn't seem to mind. 
The women's bathroom was also super clean, which somehow surprised me. According to my amigo, the men's bathroom was clean too. So don't hold it when you're here. 
FYI: there's plenty of meter parking in the area but remember to bring quarters. Some meters are old school and some you pay at the kiosk with cash or card. Just make sure that you check the signs to avoid getting a ticket.i went to a neat event here. and the space is cool. great way to see a show of any kind. but when asked if we had a reservation, we said "no" and were told to sit at the chairs or the bar. never offering us the option of putting our name in for a table. after about an hour, i went to see if putting our name in was a possibility. and it was. now there are many names in front of ours. being valentines day, i understand that everywhere may be busier then normal. but when looking around to see if a table was freeing up, all i saw was people sitting. finished their dinners, not even drinking. just watching the performances. with all these people waiting, they should have been ousted from the tables sometimes after they were finished. something like "sorry to be a dick, but there are many people giving you the stink eye for your table"  just because you ate here, you cant own the spot for the night. my friend and i had to leave at intermission because we were so hungry and getting crankier by the minute. when i walked out, i checked and saw there were still 4 people in front of me. so, the chances of me ever getting a table were slim to none. im sure it was just a stupid valentines day snaffoo. ill give it another shot and update. but loved the building and the vibe,They have an eclectic mix of live entertainment and a solid selection of beers here. Parking is sometimes a pain, but I always have a good time here. Also, super close to the 30th street station if u don't want to deal with driving and parking.I've been to one show here, in the downstairs venue, and I really enjoyed it. I will definitely be back.
The show I saw was an 80s tribute band called Weird Science (http://weirdscienceny.com/). If you like the 80s even half as much as I do, you will love this band. They do all 80s songs, & they REALLY bring it. Incredible show.
But about the venue itself. Great big space, lots of room to dance, good sound. But I need to remember from now on--earplugs for concerts. I'm too old for the ringing in my ears the day after a show!Great place to see a show.  Horrific service though.  I saw a show upstairs and the sound was great.  However, I sat there for about 20 minutes at a table before being approached by the waitress and the upstairs sections was fairly empty.  If I hadn't already paid for entrance to the show; I would have gotten up and gone someplace else.  Then they lost my food order.  I ordered a very easy meal (that was pretty bad) and it took over 40 minutes because they lost the order.  
My advice...go see a show and get a drink at the bar.  Don't sit at a table or eat here.Probably the best venue I've ever visited.  I came here to see Locksley and Butch Walker spring of '10.
Upstairs restaurant with a great bar, and live music while you munch.  Down a couple flights of stairs past a radio station and behind 2 sets of double doors lies an amazing venue with seating on the floor, and upstairs (if you choose).  The bartenders are friendly, and drinks are $7 a pop.  The acoustics are fantastic, no one smokes, and you won't stick to the floor.  
Great area behind the venue (2 flights down) where the bands park their bus / van, made it easy to meet and greet.  I sat on the stairs and watched the fans line up and hug and take photos with Butch.  Always cute.  
Love love love this venue.  Cant wait til another great act plays here.  And only 2.5 hours from DC. easy easy driveI love World Cafe Live as a venue for seeing shows, but I'm consistently disappointed by their food offerings. In theory, I'm happy with the "dinner and a show" idea. I just wish that there was more variety and more healthy offerings on the menu, and that the food they do offer was executed better. 
The last time I went to see a show, my food was very disappointing. I ordered a pulled pork sandwich, the pork was very fatty and the sauce was not good. I ate barely half of my food, despite the fact that I was starving. Service was also very uneven and it was difficult to find my server. There was some confusion because my party was seated across two different tables - I ended up receiving a bill for the other people sitting at my table, despite the fact that we had dined separately. 
The World Cafe brings great acts to Philadelphia and I really enjoy the ambiance. But if they are going to require me to purchase dinner along with my tickets, I'd like to see the kitchen step things up a notch!i like this place. it's fun, young, good food and service.I enjoy coming here for their smaller concerts and being able to have a drink and not have to worry about bugs or the likes. their eggplant fries are decent, but skip the calamari - (it's not worth the amount you pay for it)I've heard the World Café Live broadcasts on NPR, and I enjoyed my visit to see a band in the spacious downstairs area during my visit to Philadelphia. Bought my ticket upon arrival and the acoustic room on entrance level seemed nice and intimate. The guy sounded great too. 
The downstairs area is a nice size room for an Almost Famous up and coming band, and the sound is amazing. I saw Ohioans "Red Wanting Blue" there, and fans of the band got an intimate show while still having the capability of a big room sound. Good selection of craft and local brews, and it was nice to meet the band outside the room after the show.The upstairs area can suck if you don't get there early. They sell standing room tickets but there is no standing room! So basically if you don't manage to reserve a table (but can get a ticket) and don't get there like an hour before you're screwed.World cafe Live venue gets 5 stars; great place to see a band but its mostly catered to the xpn crowd. Downstairs venue is the large room, excellent acoustics and sight lines. Upstairs is a different beast. bartenders and night manager can be full attitude and negativity. Listen, if you don't want to do your customer service job, then go to another field and don't give me attitude for your laziness and general hating your life. The female bartender ignored a couple customers and snapped when asked questions. I think ordering from a waitress (they're great and don't acts like divas) is the way to go. 
Night manager kicked people out w/ gruff and attitude. 
The food... It's higher end bar food but pricy. Dunno... $12 for avg wings are steep. Overall, between negative interactions w/ upstairs attitude. I give them 3.8 stars really. 
Just avoid the upstairs bartender (female) and get a set from a nice waitstaff person.Wings were really good however our server took forever to return. We got our food and didn't see her as if she went on a 25 Mom break and we were ready to go.  I had to ask another server to get her.  When she did come I told her we would like the bill and a box. She then proceeded to leave and hen came back to wait on someone else and hold a convo with them. I said miss I asked for the billl she said yes I know. I will be with you shortly. Needless to say her tip was $2 that night and we rip heavy ask the Bartendar for the three drinks we had prior to dinner.I have been to World Cafe Live several times. I have never been upstairs but downstairs is great. The food is good and the sound is fantastic. Another review mentioned a mandatory food purchase but I have not experienced that. Perhaps it varies with the different shows. I saw Levee Drivers play for a small crowd and my sister and I only ordered a couple drinks. The best thing about World Cafe Live is the music and the opportunity to see artists- some are well known and some lesser known. There is not a bad seat in the house and the music is great!Visiting from out-of-town, my treat was Mother's Day brunch at WCU. We arrived near the end but did not experience the 'we're out of that' one frequently finds.  Coffee and food were good & nicely presented. The BEST part was the band - LP Stiles Trio (great jazz). They sounded very good in the space and actually played at a volume appropriate to the venue - loud enough to be lively but not enough to drown out conversation. You in PHilly are privileged - go hear them online at http://www.myspace.com/lpstilestrio   or live at the Rusty Nail in Ardmore PA 6/27.  We bought the CD and are still delighted with it a month later. These guys have got the groove!I always have a good time when i come out to shows at world cafe live.  The bands are generally really fun, and the supper club atmosphere upstairs is really kind of great -- you are sitting with your drink and maybe some food at a table watching some nice nice music.  The drinks are fine and the food is pretty good and they have happyhour specials.  That said, do NOT order the veggie version of the burger (mushy chickpeas and grain concoction).  My friend also wanted me to say that a broken toothpick in his sandwich almost impaled him. The hummus platter pretty good though, expensive, but enough to share.  I'm on the side of those who like the design of the space.Half-decent food, but a fantastic music venue. We went to see Jann Klose and Elliott Smith upstairs on 12/17/08 -- ordered the Rainbow Trout and Grilled Sesame Tofu. We liked the Grilled Tofu [tasted like BBQ teriyaki] which came with soba noodles. The fish, however, was forgettable; unsavory breading masked  the dry fish within. Both entrees were not a price/quality bargain.
WCL's blend of tasteful decor and lucid acoustics commands 5 stars. All the seats upstairs allow for an intimate connection with the artist's music. Alas, the food [price and taste] is the star-stealing culprit.I came here Friday night for the Donavon Frankenreiter show and was impressed by the open space.  He played downstairs to a decently full crowd that supported the artist really well.  Beers were a little expensive but I wasn't coming for them so it worked out well.  It was nice going to an open show in a fun environment; everything about the space made the vibe from the show that much more enjoyable.  Sweet joint, looking for another show to come to!Gabba Gabba Hey!
I don't know why the Ramones popped into my head when I wanted to write this review, but it did. This is a pretty awesome venue. Unlike some other music venues in this city, you can actually order a meal here while watching your show (except I've never done that, but the opportunity is there to be had and it seems like fun!). 
In addition, there are two floors with two different stages, which is pretty freaking cool. The shows are (generally) priced fairly. And while not a lot of great bands come through here (except for the free at noon shows, which I have yet to catch)I have seen some really righteous bands play here.
I have to say though, the beer is ridiculously expensive. I don't have to drink Pabst at a show, but when they cost 4.75 I definitely won't. Even my beloved Lager is 5.25. They have a special beer on tap that is only 3.50, but sometimes you just aren't in the mood for that. 
All's I is saying is that if you don't wanna be a pinhead no more, have a couple drinks before the show you go for...Wen to see Jamestown Revival.  Used Yelp to reserve table/seats. 
Event was SRO.  
Many standing directly in front of band obstructing my view.
Stage should be 2-3 feet higher.Downstairs at World Cafe is one of the best music venues in Philadelphia.  
Great sound, beautiful room, professional staff, excellent bar, and pretty decent food menu.  It's also connected to WXPN so it's safe to say that many of the acts that come through are pretty solid.  Free at Noon on Fridays is a great way to see an up and coming act and grab a nice lunch time beer.
I actually had my wedding here and it was a fantastic event.  The team that runs the events is well organized and didn't seem to mind our questions and critiques that came up along the way.  They took care of everything and allowed our DJ to connect directly to the house sound system, so this definitely saved a bit on the DJ cost.  The room and the lighting is so nice that we really didn't need to blow too much on decorations or flowers.
While some people have mixed reviews about the food, it was nothing but rave reviews for the wedding.  The craft beer for the open bar was also a hit.
Definitely worth a visit for a show or maybe your future private event.My first time to this venue to dine and hear music.  The acoustics and the group we went to hear were incredible.  The small-ish room (upstairs) made this a very fun and intimate place to hear a great band.
The happy hr. ($8.00 for a pitcher of Yuengling) and $6 glasses of wine are a good deal.  I milked the beer for most of the next 2 hrs.  So, about $2.00 per beer at that price.  Wine choices are not great.  Just have to get there before 6 p.m.  Even 5 min. will work.
The service from the hostess (awesome hair) to our waitress (who I believe was managing the whole room!!  Great job!) and bus-guy server - were absolutely terrific.  Could not have been warmer or more genuine folk.
The food is a slight notch above pub food.  Our shredded pork sandwich with coleslaw was a 3.5.  The petite filet was a 3.  Fries were a 2.5 for both sweet potato and real potato.  Did not try the eggplant fries (??). 
So a really great find for a nice and not too expensive night out.  Some nights they have no charge music.  So for quality music at a great venue this is a full on 5 star locale.  And a gem that its in PHL.  Go here now!!Overpriced tickets for bad service and $10 wine that comes in a plastic cup?  I mean, geez, I've been in divey places for shows under the El and gotten a drink served in a glass.  Also, the door person was on some sort of power trip about my water bottle on one of the hottest days of the year, but neglected to check if I (or other people) had a handgun or other weapon in my purse.  Seriously?  If this place is really concerned about safety, they'll start violating people's privacy like they do at the Troc and search every bag.Food and service were great. Friendly staff and the setting is perfect for a music fan like me.This was my first time going to the open mic "harvest soul" event. I was impressed with the great talent I was able to see for just $12 buck ...I love a great deal. 
Everyone seemed to be very relaxed and open to the individuality of everyone. The food was alright. I would come back again.A great, tight venue. The band that played was fantastic. I got a Caesar salad and their vegetarian chorizo tacos. The tacos were too spicy, even though I like spicy food. They were also greasy. In reality, I should have sent them back. The other food that came to the table was good though! And the venue was good, so I would definitely recommend the place. Just not the tacos.I walked in to the venue to purchase tickets. The women behind the counter was so "jacked" about working at the World Cafe that she could not help but yell during the entire transaction. Needless to say there was no need to yell, as there was no band playing. 
Despite the rather overzealous ticket agent, my true ire for this venue stems from the $2 processing fee per ticket. I paid cash at the venue-what gives? A credit card company is not profiting from this transaction. The only one benefiting is the World Cafe, who receives direct funding from the University of Penn, which means they are, by no stretch, strapped for cash.  Are the food and beverage profits not enough? Of course not, one must steal from the common man in any way possible!
This latest transaction reminded me of why I avoid this venue like the plague.World Cafe Live is a great venue with fantastic acoustics and friendly staff.  Both times I've been here for a downstairs concert with the fabulous Kathleen Edwards, and the sound has always been amazing and rich.
Usually I hang out at the bar since the view of the stage there is pretty great, especially for a tiny person who usually struggles in standing room only concerts.  Caveat is that the bar is often mobbed with folks that want to grab a bevvy from the substantial drink selection, so be prepared to rub some elbows.Cocktails upstairs, large stage/standing room only downstairs.  I love this venue.  The talent usually heads upstairs to get food before the show so if you can, reserve a table two hours before your show starts and people watch!This review is for the downstairs. I saw This Wild Life, Have Mercy, and Movements, but that's irrelevant because this review is for the venue and staff.
There was literally no security whatsoever. They didn't check bags or pat you down. There aren't even staff members or security around during the show. They also apparently told half of the crowd to wait in the wrong line outside (when you're really supposed to wait inside).
I'm indifferent towards the ticket scanning dudes. They just scan your tickets and give you a little paper wristband that says drinking age or not. The merch and restrooms are separate from the bar, standing room, and stage. All they did was check your wristbands when you pass through. I don't really have anything especially positive or negative to say about them. 
The bartenders ignored a lot of people instead of asking what you want, and by the end, everyone at the bar was turnt and really loud during the set. This has never happened at a show before at any other venue I've been to. Especially because it's a smaller space, there should've been some staff around to handle this. Though the bar area is elevated above the regular crowd area, which is great because I had a better view than I would've in the crowd, which is cool.One of my absolute favorite venues to go to. Very clean and upscale, I've yet to try the food or sit in the restaurant but I'm sure it's incredible. I seen the English beat and a few metal bands downstairs and was very pleased overall. Look forward to seeing more bands there in the future. Parking situation is pretty decent as well.I went here for a concert, the downstairs.  The place is cool.  Very clean place but just okay beer selection (I don't remember seeing any PBRs).  Not a big place so no matter where you were, you had a good view of the band.  I also thought the ambiance was great.
I be willing to go back.  I heard Monday nights for open mic nights are fun.it's a different place, never had a bad experince but never really been amazed. I do enjoy when my random friends play thereI watched a live performance of Sondre Lerche in the standing room.  If you ever try this venue, then you should plan to get a table for dinner.  Standing for 3-4 hours is very tiring on your feet.  Also, people squeezed on the stage is a bit annoying at times.  Here is the typical pricing.
$25 for standing room
higher pricing for table + minimum $10 food/drink order
For this reason, I would have to discourage people from standing room.  You have to get a larger group of people to make it worthwhile for a table.  That's the downside of this venue since it really tries to sell the nightlife with the dining aspect.  This is a music venue and should be such.Being a fan of WXPN for many years now I finally grabbed an opportunity to see a show at World Café Live.  And what a show it was with Rhett Miller and the Serial Lady Killers.  We arrived early after seeking a parking spot on the street for $1.00/hour. Upstairs was a performer at the far end of the room playing while the patrons who were fortunate to arrive early were finishing their dinner and enjoying conversation.  Scanning the room it appeared that no one was paying attention to the live act on stage.  My group of friends tried to obtain a table for a bite but none available but we were able to get a drink at the bar and were informed that we could grab a bite downstairs at the bar when the doors opened at 8:00.  While enjoying our cocktail looking around the place the pretty young lady at the door suggested that we head downstairs because they would be opening the door for entry soon.  As we proceeded downstairs we discovered that a small queue was beginning to form.  At 8:00 the doors did not open but they began to scan our tickets and issue wrist bands. 
When the door finally opened we walked promptly to secure a position at the bar and get our food order in.  We were handed a small pub menu which seemed to meet our eating requirements.  I had a burger on a pretzel roll which was quite good which I washed down with some unknown by me draft.  They had a few different selections some of which were from small breweries that I recognized. Scanning the bar shelves you could see that they had quite a collection available in bottles with a full bar available.  My thirst was about to take over me but it was a Tuesday evening in Philadelphia, I was driving, plus not taking the next day off this working man had a full day on Wednesday. There would be no bourbon manhattans tonight for Dougie. 
The room was a nice size unlike Maxwell's in Hoboken where I previously saw Rhett with his band the Old 97's.  It was similar in size to the TLA Theater where I first had the pleasure of seeing him live.  This place was much more polished than the TLA.  However, the TLA had seating at the bar where this establishment did not.
The room was great including the sound system.  I will be looking toward seeing another show in this fine establishment soon.I saw a show here and it is a great venue for concerts. The drinks are average priced and they have a heavy pour.Our first time!  Made reservations for dinner before the concert, which gave us good seats we stayed in for the concert.  Enjoyed Aztec Two-Step upstairs.  Came early for the Happy Hour drink specials. We were not expecting much for food, but were pleasantly surprised with our jambalaya, burger with eggplant fries and sweet potato/caramel featured dessert...Yummy! We loved the intimate feel of the venue (we are not good with crowds).  Reasonable prices!  Friendly service...kept our water glasses filled...big plus!This place is terrible. Lousy business policies. If I could give a negative star rating, I would. I bought a ticket for general admission. When I arrived a half-hour before the show, they said there are no seats...your wife and you have to stand for the 3 hour show. Nowhere on my ticket or the web-site does it say that general admission means standing room only. I asked for a refund and the manager was totally useless, could not provide a refund and was totally condescending...while admitting that the web-site is deceptive. This is ridiculous. Sell tickets for a 3 hour musical show without providing seating? I repeat, this place is awful and totally not customer-friendly.
By the way, the bathroom was totally filthy. That's the only part of the Cafe that I got to use for my money.I don't usually write reviews on yelp but this place is way too horrible. I'm writing this review right in the restaurant and it's been an hour we've been waiting for table. You may think that we didn't make reservation and it's very busy right now. My friend made reservation at 6:30pm for 4. We came here at 6:30 and the host said that we are on their waiting list. But why they didn't tell us that we are on waiting list when we made reservation? My friend bought the tickets for the live show they have during dinner. We don't think we are gonna have refund for that if we leave. We came at 6:30 pm and it was empty. It's 7:50 pm now and and place is packed. They just sit people in front of our faces. And out waitress just came by twice asking "what can I get you" and once to refill my tea. Please if you wanna come here make sure you're not on their "waiting list".Nice venue, but the prices are outrageous.  I can't believe how they can get away with adding a "service" charge on tickets, even when you buy them there!  For that reason, I've got to REALLY want to see someone to go.I love the World Cafe. I go there mostly for indie and folk shows. You can usually see an upstairs show for less than $15 (all you have to do is call to make a reservation for a table).
The downstairs is nice too. If you sit next to the bar in the back, there's a trade-off between more noise (from the bar) and getting a good view of the stage. If you can't sit there, I would sit as close to the stage as possible or else pay a little extra for the mezzanine (which is awesome - you pick your own table and then sit at a couch to watch the show).
I've never been disappointed with the food, although it's nothing special. They do have a good beer selection (Sam Adams, Rogue, Stone, Sierra Nevada, Bear Republic, Dogfish head, Flying fish, Great Lakes, Sly Fox, Troegs, Victory, etc.) and the service is always pretty good. I've also never had a hard time finding parking.
The World Cafe is and will continue to be my favorite place for a surprise date night with my wife. 5 stars completely.If I could leave a review for the management, it would 100% be 0 stars. Let me say it now, the venue itself and the rest of the staff were wonderful! 
DO NOT COME HERE IF YOU'RE FROM OUT OF STATE. 
I've only been to World Cafe Live once and plan to never come back again. Last night (4/22), I travelled from CT with my friend to go to a Kris Allen & Parachute show. I had purchased the tickets and VIP package months ago to avoid any issues the day of the show, but apparently I was wrong. 
The State of CT now has everyone get Verified ID's unless they actively decide to opt out. The day before the show, I had renewed my license and got the verified one. Keep in mind I'm in my mid-20's. 
When WCL staff were going up the stairs checking ID's to give out the 21+ wristbands, the gentleman looked at mine and very nicely said he needed to speak to someone about it because they've been having problems with CT ID's. Fine with me. 
What I didn't appreciate was what happened immediately after. An older woman with shorter blonde hair (who someone later identified as the General Manager) came up to me and said "you have two options. I can either take a razor blade  to this to reveal if it's real or not or..." I never caught the second option if she even presented one to me because of how taken aback I was by the threat to destroy my driver's license. 
Now as stated above, my license was all of 24 hours old since it had been renewed the day before and I had indeed gotten the verified one. Not only did I have my new license, I had the old one that has not yet expired, a college ID, and multiple credit and debit cards with my name on them. I fully understand the struggle of out of state fake ID's and would understand asking me to provide a second form of identification or even telling me that I can't get a 21+ wristband. In fact, when the woman threatened to scratch it, I told her I wouldn't take a wristband because I didn't want to drink last night. Her response was "so you're admitting to being underage then." No actually, that's not what I'm saying. 
The whole approach to handling a potential fake ID was not only completely unprofessional, it was rude and absolutely disrespectful. Based in this one experience alone, I'll never come back to World Cafe Live. 
Apparently the management doesn't know how to handle any potential issues and for that to inconvenience a customer in such a way is ridiculous.I love coming here it's always nice and cool!!! Nice venue for a party or a concert. The prices are reasonableGreat venue for wedding photography and for your wedding!  I've photographed a wedding & engagement session here.  A great alternative wedding venue. I've also participated in the Love Sick convention they have here.This is unquestionably the best sounding room in Philly. 
I don't always care for tabled seating or else this would be 5 stars, but it's still a fine place to see a show & you know what to expect for each event when you buy tix (assigned seating in most cases, in rare instances general admission). 
It's cool when they scrap the tables & open up the floor (as they did for a Dead Milkmen show a while back), but I imagine they're trying to score with the food serving thing as well as the music. Frankly, this can be too much, though the food option has it's place... the food here is not fabulous. 
Capacity with the tables is around 300, but without it must be about double that.
I've seen many outstanding shows here & it's nice that they have the small room & bar upstairs as well as the main performance space downstairs.
The people rating this place based solely on the food are out of their minds. Why would you come here to eat? There are dozens of options nearby. Food is not what the focus is at all at World Cafe... it's clearly a state of the art live music venue & it's unlikely to have a kitchen to match.
Ironically, what World Cafe Live is appears to be almost exactly what they've tried to accomplish with the recent renovations at Joe's Pub in NYC.I love the original music at this venue. No many places around offer this scene and it is a nice place inside to enjoy a bite to eat or have a drink. The food is just satisfactory. The only great taste came from their French fries. Otherwise, this place is great to check out some local original artists.I've been here for numerous Free at Noon concerts put on by WXPN Radio (the most incredible music tradition in Philadelphia) held in the Downstairs venue. It is perfectly sized with an intimate feel and a phenomenal sound system, making it one of the best venues in the city and beyond.I've now been here twice but for food events.  I feel almost odd writing a review for a music venue about food, but oh well.
I like this place.  They know how to handle a crowd.  My first experience here was for the grilled cheese and craft beer pairing.  The food was pretty good.  Nothing thrilled me as far as their selection but the space was well laid out and the service was very prompt.
My second time here I came for the Philadelphia Cheese Experiment.  They did a really good job hosting this event because they created an open space for home chefs to compete against each other.  Cheese and beer were definitely the focus on the event and it was a lot of fun.  The staff who worked it was very nice and I had a really good time.
I think they deserve 4 stars because they do just what a venue should do.  They create an atmosphere for an event that lets the event itself shine through and lets you the audience enjoy yourself without annoyances.I went to World Café Live for the first time ever last night to see the band Stone. It was a nice, spacious venue with amazing acoustics. We were in the downstairs, which was a great area.
I didn't like the lack of seating, however, but we did eventually find seats. It then took about an hour to "catch" a waitress to clean off the table from the previous people who, it appeared, had run out on their check (it was still siting, unpaid, on our table). I was finally able to grab a waitress from the couple that had run past previously, ask for the table to be cleaned and order a drink. We wanted some munchies, but by the time we finally found a waitress, the kitchen had closed.
They did have a nice dance floor, for those who were so inclined, however. Lots of standing room and the stage was huge and really nice. Overall, a nice venue, minus the poor waitstaff.my organization just had our annual spring event a few weeks ago in the upstairs bar/restaurant area.  I was "working" that night but still go to experience the open beer/wine bar as well as sample some of the hors d'oeuvres and thought that everything was really excellent.  I'd like to go back sometime for a show/happy hour.Two words, eggplant fries! Oh my. So tasty. 
Great venue for intimate concerts. Nothing fancy by way of tables and chairs but sound is great, servers are extremely friendly, and did I mention eggplant fries...!Don't bother to go to the box office to buy tickets, they charge you the same $2.50 "processing fee" per ticket that they charge if you call them with your credit/debit card, and if you call them, they will either email you the tickets in .pdf format, or hold them at will-call for pickup.  If you get tickets on their website, the fee is $5.00 per ticket.  Don't waste your time going to the box office when you can get the same price over the phone!I really enjoy this venue... almost everything.
do the owners realize they are alienating a lot of music lovers by placing a mandatory food purchase on top of the already high ticket prices?
i have skipped a few shows for this reason.
time to abort this idea!
how wants to watch and listen to a band and hear noisy eaters?
and why would a band give their all, knowing they are being upstaged by mediocre food?
blows my mind!Havana Nights with Jeff and Conjunto Philadelphia takes you back to the Glory days of Cuba and the sounds of a Happy people before the Revolution f*#ked everything up. The food is great and the service is as good as possible when you consider the many many people in attendance and you're having such a good time, it's on your table with perfect timing. Once Havana Nights ends, downstairs pumps you up again with an awesome DJ spinning a mix to satisfy all tastes and the dance continues. Overall. IMHO. Not to be missed. I'll be there tomorrow night!I've seen some amazing live shows here (including their "Peanut Butter and Jams" kids concert series...don't laugh...I may be a mom but I can still bust you up if I have to  :) and last night I had the chance to dine here for the first time.
I attended the "Wines of the French Mediterranean" dinner and goodness me - I'm still full the next day. It was seven courses of pure, unadulterated gluttony that included pairings of some spectacular wine with great dishes like grilled farm raised chicken breast, PEI mussels, a gorgeous cheese plate and, to wrap it all up, pears in puff pastry served with lavender creme. W.O.W.
We were also treated to a lecture by wine expert Joseph Brandolo about each specific wine, where they came from and why they pair perfectly with each dish. So it was culinary edu-tainment at its best.
Service was great and of course, it's gorgeous inside. They do wine/food pairings each month, so I'll be back for next month's BBQ dinner for sure. (Can you think of a cooler combination?)I really enjoy this venue. I have been going to shows here since before I moved to Philly and have always found the staff to be pleasant and the vibe to be low key. Very different than some of the other venues throughout any major city. 
I like that they have a more acoustic vibe, because as much as I like to dance, sometimes some singing and guitar make for a great night. I've never really tried the food, though I hear they do some awesome "foodie" events I have been meaning to check out. 
My only complaint is that their drafts vary so much, sometimes there are 3 or 4 things I want and sometimes there is nothing. I have pretty general taste so I feel like I shouldn't be too hard to please. They do a great during the week special at the upstairs bar from 7 pm on where a select beer is $3. Hard to beat at any venue.This place has been a staple of my nightlife for years. Unfortunately the variety of performers has declined lately and  I find myself compelled to go less frequently. The food quality has also been spotty lately. Still a comfortable and familiar place to go. I hate to see a good place decline so I hope they can get back on top of their game again. There's a lot of competition for our entertainment dollars.the wcl's sound quality is probably the best you can find in phila -- but the visual aesthetics leave something to be desired. can't quite put my finger on it, but both upstairs and downstairs feel 'adult contemporary' (hotel decor, dinner tables...ugh), which is too much for me to stomach. i used to go to shows in friends' basements. i may be in my 30s now and possess a retirement plan, but i'm not quite ready to rock out with my veggie burger in a cushioned booth. in any case, the french fries are tasty and the beer list is decent, so if you find yourself there, enjoy the tunes, vittles, and drink...just keep your eyes shut.I went to see a show at world cafe live last week and I was not impressed. The show I went to was downstairs but the downstairs security glanced at my ticket and sent me to the upstairs line. I knew this could not be correct but I didn't say anything and ended up waiting at least 10 minutes in uncomfortable high heels in the wrong line. 
Finally they let me into the correct section and I headed over to my seat. I had a front row seat but honestly the stage sucked. It was a few feet away from the front and the stage was set very high. It actually hurt my neck looking up all show. The sound system was good but that's about it. I would've hated the show if I were anywhere but the front row. The tables looked way too far back. The lights they had on the artist made his face hard to see and they were blinding me all night. 
The one good thing I can say is the venue did not smell bad of food or alcohol. They had an elevator which was also helpful when you're wearing heels. I do not live in the area and I doubt I'd go to another concert there.*****Review of Free at Noon only********
I work just a few blocks away from World Cafe, so when I actually have a relaxed Friday and can take a lunch break, I like to head over to the Free at Noon shows. For ZERO dollars you get to hear a band that is playing (for $$) later that night, grab a lunch beer (always makes the afternoon better) and walk back to the office before one feeling like you did something cool and worthwhile. I few times I've heard bands for the first time that I turned out to really like. But the best part is to get that weekend feeling started early. 
For the most popular bands you have to check the site early and RSVP by midweek, but if you can remember to do it, you'll feel "in." My only complaint is the $7 Dogfishhead. $7 for a local beer? Damn.I was holding off on reviewing this place until I had been both upstairs, and downstairs. 
Downstairs: I was here March 10, 2010 for Automatic Loveletter. They were the opener... I forget who the main band was. I didn't care, didn't stay for them. 
The sound in the place is amazing. Such great acoustics. Definitely the best of all the venues I've been too. 
Upstairs: I was here March 4, 2011 for The Pretty Reckless show. Once again, amazing sound. A little louder than it is downstairs at times which made it hard to hear Taylor Momsen singing. No big deal. It was still an amazing show. 
The only thing I don't like about either floor is the level of awkward you experience if you happen to get there early. It'll leave you standing in front of the stage, seemingly out of place, while people sit at the bar and at their tables eating. It's just so weird! Luckily, you forget where you are as soon as the band you wanted to see starts playing. 
The staff here is just SO nice. It's ridiculous. Some of them seemed off-put by the fact that I was polite back. It seems like most patrons treat them rudely which made me sad. These are nice people working there. In fact, it made me and the rest of the staff members at other venues in Philly seem like a bunch of douchebags! 
The only thing I can't judge here is the food. I never really fork up the cash for food at venues because it tends to be expensive and not worth the price. It smells great though. I'll have to try it next time I go. 
Yes, there will be a next time... as long as a band I like shows up, I'll return.Great place to see a show!  Love the size and atmosphere downstairs.  No complaints on the drink selection, Magic Hat No. 9 on draft!I've been here a ton of times for shows and a beer/whiskey festival, but I've never sat down for dinner.  I was very impressed with their menu options and most of the food we received was incredible.  The Sesame Ginger sauce on the wings was wayyy too salty, but the meat was nice and crispy.  The burger was fantastic as well as the quinoa salad.  
The music selection here is always wonderful.  Last wednesday I had the pleasure of seeing The Bernhardt Family band and it was the most enjoyable show I've seen in years-- please look them up!  When the night was winding down I had a difficult time finding my server to pay, but typically it's always a good time at World Cafe Live.UPDATE: The grilled cheese and beer pairing event for $35 was so much fun. Creative, good music and at a fair price.I'd like to offer helpful words to those who aren't sure, like I wasn't, how Upstairs works. So---if you're planning to eat, you must make a separate reservation for a table, apart from your tickets for the performance. There are maybe 15 seats at the bar; a guy who had one said he got there at 6:30 and the bar was almost full. There are also three or four tiny high-tops, no stools; I'm not sure if these get table service. Since we didn't have a reservation, we put our names on The List and were surprised to get a table, eventually.
The only other seating is a weird section of two rows of bus terminal seats against a wall alongside the stage. 
The draft list: Very good, including an offering from the rarely seen Three Heads.
The food: Surprisingly good! The fries are excellent---crunchy exterior, creamy interior. The chicken pot pie was lovely---buttery crust (though not enough of it) and a milky, buttery, herby filling of tender chicken, chunks of potato, carrot bits, and...celery? A spoon would've been good to have. Nice biscuit, though overly browned from reheating, and delicious garlicky broccoli rabe. Spouse tried the grilled cheese with roast beef, from the specials menu. Sounds odd, but spouse said it worked.
The service: Sllllooowwwww---but cheerful.
Be prepared to spend the evening rearranging the furniture, as the (sticky Formica) tables are so close together no one can get out to pee without their neighbor sliding their table over. Really, no exaggeration.
So, to the music. The space sounds great---one of the best-sounding venues I've experienced. Crisp, clear, boomy but not too, and loud enough but not too. For such a small space, though, there seem to be few good sightlines, what with people having dinner and people standing in the middle and people waiting for the bus over in the corner. Lots of head shifting all night to try to see the singer, though I did have a good view of the bassist's left hand...We made 6:00 reservations, arrived early and were seated immediately. Our server didn't mention any specials until I asked. Turns out there are great happy hour deals on drinks and starters. We enjoyed the salmon tacos, chicken wings, broccoli and gouda fritters and sweet potato fries. And of course, the chocolate lava cake. We were happily surprised with all the starters. We had plenty of time to get to the downstairs show, which meant lining up on the stairs. As a person with a chronic condition, I was uncomfortable doing this. The staff was very kind and accommodating, letting us take the elevator downstairs and I was able to procure a seat in the standing room only show, which saved the night for me. A great experience overall.This review is from a music venue perspective only!
Steve M and I both shared our first time at World Cafe Live and it left me feeling, happy, satisfied and dying for more...
I had been dying to go to World Cafe for as long as I can remember and was thrilled that Delta Rae finally gave me the reason I had been waiting for. The show was amazing, the sound was great, the space was well laid out,  and clean! I also loved that you can grab tables if you want and order food (though we didn't)...what a great idea. 
Basically, I can't wait to get back and will be searching the website for my next reason to go.Loved this place.  Great variety of music and food.  Diverse offerings, excellent food, service and entertainment.  And it's affordable!I had a show I was dying to see (Robert Schwartzman) at World Cafe Live, but the venue itself was really bizarre. 
I purchased tickets for the show online through the World Cafe Live website, and there was a weird $2 processing fee which I found unnecessary. Anyway, I entered the venue, gave my printed out ticket to the staff, and proceeded to wait for about 15 minutes while they verified that everything was okay with it, even though I was the only one in line, and it was a real ticket. Weird.
My show was in the Upstairs Live section. I was given a seat, which I was not expecting... I wasn't aware you had to order food in order to watch a show here. So I sat at my table alone and my waiter came over to take my order. I felt bad saying I didn't want to order anything, so I ordered eggplant fries, which sounded interesting enough, even though I was incredibly full. My show's starting time got pushed back from 8pm to 9pm, so I had to awkwardly just sit there for an hour, alone. The eggplant fries came, and they were decent--but they were incredibly oily to the point where the oil started, like, making them soggy, so I wasn't able to finish them. I'm disappointed I had to spend $7 on top of my ticket price and processing fee. There was also a full bar with great options, but would have felt bad spending even MORE money on top of everything else.
The show itself was great! ...well, only after I decided to move from my awkwardly placed table and go stand up by the stage. Very few people were doing this, so I felt incredibly uncomfortable rocking out to the music by myself, but hey, that's why I came to the show. Everyone else just sat at their tables and bopped their heads to the music--it was very high culture for such an organic rock show, but oh well, I suppose... 
The one major benefit of World Cafe Live is that the venue is so small that it's totally possible to meet and hang out with the artists after the show--which I luckily got to do! Still, though, overall, the venue is really strangely set up to me and the food I had was mediocre... I'll likely be back if there's ever another show here I'm dying to check out, but I don't think I will be back otherwise.Not a pleasant experience. 
I went for a show in the Downstairs Live "Cafe."
Bar reeked of vomit, and it wasn't even 8:30pm, at the beginning of a show. Another patron remarked on the smell, unprompted. 
There was an advertised food menu that seemed very appetizing and catered to vegetarians, vegans; and gluten-free people, but when I tried to order I was informed the kitchen closed at 9:15pm (no where was this posted). It was only 9:01pm when I tried to order. Unacceptable. Also, what kitchen closes at 9:15pm on a Saturday night with two live concerts happening?
Bar staff was rude both in my experience to order drinks (the woman was curt and dismissive of me) and in trying to order food (a different woman- she was dismissive and unhelpful. She shrugged her shoulders and said oh well). 
The photo of the beer was the only pleasant thing, the success of which cannot be attributed to this business. Beer was overpriced.
The lighting for the rock show was terrible. I was constantly blinded. Other members of the audience quickly looked away from the sporadic, unnecessary blinding lights. What is this lights guy doing??
I was excited for this show beforehand, but all of the above resulted in quite an unpleasant experience. 
I will not be returning.Okaay so bathrooms were clean and stage lighting and sound system were Great!...Came to  an event, the ticket stated that the doors open at 6pm we waited for over a half hour. The staff was very rude 2 older men . and also told the guest to wait ON THE STEPS  which is CLEARLY A SAFETY VIOLATION. In the past I have come here for events and it was fine and the staff was pleasant. I will really have to think about coming here again for future events. Also the restaurant food there ( whenever it's open ) is very questionable. Though presented well,  It seems more like reheated frozen goods, better to eat elsewhere.Super friendly bartenders + cheap wine that isn't resinous + eggplant fries = winning combination.
Word to the wise: eggplant fries means beer battered eggplant that's crispy and dip-able. Also, eggplant is a fruit, so this means that you're technically getting a double dose of healthy antioxidants when you drink red wine and consume this appetizer.
Do so.
Your body will thank you.Pros: Terrific artists, often in interesting combinations (Richard Shindell and Ollabelle!)  A full bar with some fun specialty drinks (Ginger Rodgers!) Reasonably good seating arrangements that reduce the incidence of Folk Concert Neck!  
Cons: Really, really uneven food.  Sometimes it's good (St Patrick's special with grilled salmon, kale, potatoes, and an appetizer of Cashel blue cheese and crackers), sometimes it's abysmal (nachos covered with COLD liquid cheese) and most of the time it's in-between.I really enjoyed World Cafe Live. It is a great performance space and the headliner for the evening, Tre Williams, was THE BEST!!!  The vibe was very good and a great mix of people. The food and drinks were ok; just keep in mind that you're there for music and not fine dining. I  look forward to my next visit!!
My only complaint and it's more an observation - everyone clears out after a performance.  It seems like the perfect space to have music and just relax.  Would've considered having dessert, if this were the case.  It would beat going to a club after wards.
Hints:  Make sure you make your meal reservation when you buy your tickets.  The meal reservation is separate and can be done through Open Table.  
Don't bother with the drinks; they are pretty watered down.A great place for Happy Hour everyday of the work week. Parking is not an issue, which is a plus. 
I also heard that they are hosting a Happy Hour to benefit the Philadelphia Ronald McDonald House this Thursday 7/14 when I was there. A good bar with friendly bartenders, great music and charitable outreach (can't get better than that)!I'm a huge fan of Bob Schneider...and he plays at World Cafe about once a year...so I have now been here twice, both to the downstairs stage, once standing room, and this last time reserved seating with food.
The food was...meh...only ok.  Nothing to write home about.  I enjoyed my pappardelle with braised beef, but it wasn't the best I'd ever had, and my husband's lobster bread pudding was more like a crabcake ...only with lobster and more bread than lobster.  The sauce over the top was yummy though.  Prices were decent, and the food did come out promptly, so props for that.
As a music venue, I love this space.  It's small and intimate, yet still has a nice, big stage and the acoustics are great.***Something to ad to my earlier review***
Open mic Mondays are AWESOME. I went this week, my first time. It was better than American Idol---way better. Frankly, I wasn't sure what type of self-respecting musicians would show up at 4:30 p.m. on a Monday to get their names on a list to play two sings at an open mic (the show starts at 7:30 p.m.), but there were a few legit artists who were there at what's arguably the city's coolest venue to get their name out. Others were hilariously awful. Others still were hilariously awful but thought they were awesome---some of the disasters actually, if you can believe it, had stage names for themselves. I'm sure there are nights when the real talent stays home, the jokes don't feel like humiliating themselves, and all you're left with is a bunch of unexciting mediocrity---I'm sure this happens from time to time; open mic nights are crap shoots after all. But if you're lucky enough to catch a show like the one I saw last night, you'll probably never forget it.
****
Ya, World Cafe Live is actually built beside the studios of WXPN, a University of Pennsylvania-affiliated radio station that gained national acclaim when it started its famous "World Cafe Live" radio show. Recently, some investors took the concept and made it into a great restaurant venue.
When big-time business types come in like this, you always wonder if they'll stay true to the essence of the original project, and I really think they have with WCL. The focus of the venue is still very much to offer a great environment for the best local and national artists-- and they offer it all at pretty reasonable ticket prices. Just for an example, Charlie Hunter is playing the little stage (!!!) this month, and it's just $16 for tix.
The food is good, slightly more than what you'd want to pay for show snacks (like $5 for fries) -- but with food quality leagues ahead, the WCL prices still beat what you'd pay for a lousy hot dog and soda at the Electric Factory.From the hostess who argued about making reservations, to the lies told to customers' faces, to the delay in opening, to the manager who couldn't have cared less, to the worst air conditioning ever - on a 90 degree day, June 22, 2017 at World Cafe Live in Philly was a dismal experience.  Will be begging the performers not to return.  Worst of all, previous experience was very good and expectations for the same had been high.This place is a great venue to hear some excellent music in a close and casual way. The service was awesome and the food was delicious. My wife got the pulled pork sandwich which came with house made sweet potato fries. She loved her food. I got a incredible Angus burger, medium rare. It was cooked to perfection on a fresh croissant bun. Definitely a place worth checking out.world cafe live is the physical aspect of WXPN, an indie rock-ish station. Always something interesting and different. The upstairs where storytelling and almost nightly other musical events occur is a dark and seductive atmosphere where you'd want to be having a quiet dinner or holding someone close listening to a performance. During the week there are $3 drink specials as well as a variety of cocktails and wines to choose from. Find an event you might love, make it a date night.Was here Lastnight to see Haley Reinhart...AMAZING venue! From the staff, food, sound...Such a great experience. Gives off the speak easy feel! Very intimate shows. Does not feel like a concert...much more than that .Will definitely re visit here again!!!!Dined here Dec 22nd for lunch. We were the only family in the dining area, yet the service was awkward..no refills on drinks or offer the entire meal. I had the Caesar with shrimp- I thought it was overpriced at $17 for a small portion with 4 shrimp. 4 shrimp for $7? (you pay extra for the shrimp) Husband had the pulled pork sandwich, it looked nice. However it didn't come with the fries or sides as printed on the menu. My daughter got a good sized quesadilla with fresh guac which she enjoyed. I don't think we'll be returning.I asked a friend I was attending a concert with what to expect at World Cafe Live. He said, "the music is good and the food is just food". He could not have been more right. I arrived on a Friday night to watch Third Story perform upstairs, and the place was packed. We were seated at an awkwardly long table where one of us had to have our back to the stage, but thankfully we made friends who offered us a seat at their table stageside! The service was pretty awful - took us about 30 minutes to even get the waiter's attention and place an order, and by the time the food came out I was famished. I ordered the chicken sandwich - it wasn't really bad or really good, but filling, and the sweet potato fries had an interesting glaze on them that I wasn't a huge fan of. Regardless, the show was awesome, the venue intimate, and I will definitely be back!I came here for a Free At Noon concert featuring Tony Joe White and the whole idea of relaxing on a Friday lunch break with live music and a local beer is a genius concept! This is how Philly celebrates its weekends before they even start, haha. 
Depending on the act, it can be very crowded in here so if you don't want to stand for an hour, get here a little early (or if you sit all day at your job, maybe it's a good idea to stand for a while).Double awesome points for having both an upstairs and a downstairs venue.  
Upstairs, I've been to a handful of concerts, a whisky tasting, and a story slam.  I love how the space can handle all of those different types of events without batting an eyelash.  The stage is tiny but serves its purpose.  The acoustics are fine for the small shows that they do up there.  
My first downstairs experience was tonight - Alabama Shakes, which in itself was a mind-blowing musical escapade.  I really like this space - typical music venue set-up, great acoustics, not huge which I love (makes the concert still feel really intimate), and everything just seemed clean and nice and new, which is the exact opposite of what I think when I hear the words "concert venue."  
So far I haven't paid over $20 for any concert here.  That is pretty amazing considering how nice the entire facility is.  
And they get a giant high five for their line-ups.  I've seen two of my more obscure favorites here, including an Irish musician who barely ever comes to the States, but when he does, he plays here.  Amazing.Great place. Music, food, and drinks... veggie wings are so good and eggplant  fries are delicious. Staff super friendly and ready to serve. Nice relaxing spot. Good for friends at happy hour or ladies night out. Just for the veggie wings its a must try.... oh yeah the fries and wings are 5 dollar for happy hour. 4 to 6 mon to friGreat venue to see a show and the spot is convenient to get to.  I loved the intimate feel and closeness of the stage.  We started upstairs and it was great.  The food was good and came out on time.  The sound system was great but not overpowering so amongst a group.of 10 we could still talk and hear one another without yelling.  I would definitely come again!If you love combining food and music then you will love World Café. A  five-star rating on their venue, talent selection and all-around service. The sold-out show ($30) I recently saw had table-side seating for an acoustic trio show in the downstairs venue. The talent I recently saw  (Andy McKee, Antoine Dufour and Stephen Bennett) was able to play with amazing lighting and sound set up. 
Tickets can be bought online and vary depending on the entertainer. There are also special events that feature cheese, beer/wine tastings and music release parties. I would suggest checking their website since the more accurate menu, events, pricing, photos and directions are listed/updated daily. The menu changes with the artist you are going to see so a word to the wise is to check beforehand.
Let's talk food!! On my most recent visit I ordered a cheese plate, crab cake entree with sweet potato fries ($27) and WCL Burger ($14) with my smokin' hot date. The WCL burger is a chargrilled black angus burger with caramelized onions, cheddar and bacon. NOM! NOM! NOM! We jammed out and feasted, savoring every bite of our meal. It was another wonderfully delicious evening at World Cafe Live and I'll be back again.Just got back from an XPN "free at noon" show at World Cafe Live and realized I have never sung the praises of this amazing music venue in our back yard.  First, WCL may have the best sound I've ever heard in a club - every show I've been to, from Kidrockers (gotta start 'em young) to Gary Clark Jr. has sounded amazing.  It's night-and-day compared to the window rattling background you'll get at the Electric Factory!
Beyond the sound, WCL just has a great feel.  It's all about the music - with shows usually going on upstairs and downstairs; while XPN broadcasts from the main floor.  The tickets are priced well; the staff is super accommodating; and the main room just has a great intimate feel to it.  
I see a lot of other people taking off stars for the food... I've heeded those warnings & never taken a bite of food at WCL (none of it has tempted me at all).  But you've got food trucks and university city goodness within a few minutes, so fuel up before you walk in & you'll have a 5 star night!This is a pretty great place.  They offered to bring us drinks while we were waiting in line for the doors to open.  
We saw the Peek-A-Boo-Revue.  The show was f***ing awsome.  I wish so much we had a burlesque troupe in Orlando.  I voluteered to go on stage (I had already had couple drinks) - Bad I idea.  Every joint in my body was stiff and hurting for all of the walking around town we've done over the last 4 days so I had no business getting on stage.   But it was so much fun and they don't make you feel like an idiot.  You came come to philly without seeing the Peek-A-Boo Revue.    I can't speak for the food becuase we didn't have any but the drinks were good and my gin and tonic was just right- strong.Fantastic venue! I saw Book of Love here with my friend Todd, and we had a blast! I'm not an audiophile and sound here is quite excellent for me. This place is quite spacious inside, and we were allowed to go down from the mezzanine. The bar in the show hall has a good selection of libation and food. There is no better place to see a live band in Philly. Classic and intimate!The downstairs of World Cafe Live is so very intimate. For a non-seated show, all that separates you from the stage is a small row of tables acting as a barrier. You can see, and almost, feel the drops of sweat from the artist on stage.
So why a three star review? I was very disappointed with the acoustics and sound mix in my two most recent visits. When a band wasn't playing an acoustic song, the singer's sound was extremely muffled making it very hard to hear the lyrics. The sound was very heavily focused on the electric guitars. Unfortunately, this didn't seem like an artist specific issue as my last visit was for Non Comm where I saw upwards of 8 artists perform on the same stage. Acoustic sets worked much better. 
Sound quality aside, the intimacy was awesome. The beer selection deserves recognition as well. It was very craft beer heavy, the way I like it.
I'll definitely return however I just need to be selective about what type of concert I return for.Went to the Restaurant for bite before a Red Carpet Event.  Nice relaxed atmosphere. Bar looked calming.  We were quickly ushered to our table and service was quick in the begging.  A very nice menu.  Food came out promptly.  Daily Happy Hour Specials.  Our Server was Kind, Courteous and Friendly.  The Food was Very Good.  I had the Duck Con fit, my friend had the Seared Scallops. The Hummus Platter was a good appetizer,  however the Fried Eggplant Sticks were soggy, but still good after the first crispy layer. The food in all was good, but not worth the trip unless you are attending an event there.  The only problem I had,  was the fact there were 2 servers to a whole restaurant.  I mean they were running.  I was late for the event (downstairs) due to the manager being tied up elsewhere.  I was using a Restaurant.Com Certificate.  Other than that,  I would definitely go back again.  It's a Really Nice Venue!
Chef Gary CurryFirst: DO NOT ORDER FOOD HERE.  The quality is like a bad mix between a low end chain restaurant and meager pub food... and it's over priced (obviously).
Second: This place is AWESOME on the inside.  Beautifully designed.  Excellent lighting.  And the quality of talent that comes through here is worth checking out.
Tickets can some times be rather expensive, so check their website to see when things are going on that are within your price range.  It is not uncommon some nights to see the lower parking lot filled with Mercedes and BMWs from out of town.
Go here for the music.  Have a drink, but DO NOT order food.
The only complaint I got from a friend when we went to hear one of her friend's band on the "Philly Local Night" was that the sound engineer was not mixing the feed very well.  In addition, I had heard complaints from others that the mixing in the downstairs theater was rather poor.  You'd expect more from a major music venue that also happens to be a radio station.
I will check out the Open Mic night some day if I have time and get in the door.
(Note: I'll update this review if I go back again in the future.)I attended a show upstairs and ordered dinner.  I asked our waitress about the Gluten Free options.  Be forewarned management does not understand the difference between a menu item that doesn't inherently have gluten and one that is exposed and therefore contains gluten.
For example,  the French fries that are labeled gluten free are fried in a fryer that fries gluten containing items.  
I figured I would play it safe and order a salad and dessert.  The waitress assured me the dressing was gluten free as was the ice cream.
I was sick all night long.  Violently ill.Went here for a show, so can't comment on any food/sit-down-service. The show was downstairs and it was just the perfect size - good crowd but not so bad that you couldn't move. I've been to a few other similar sized venues around the area and this one is probably my favorite thus far. Drinks were reasonably priced as opposed to some of the other venues I have been to. Bartenders were fast and friendly. Sound system was great, energy was great, overall an awesome time! Only negative I have is that the show started at 8, but the headliner didn't even go on until 9:30. The whole show was great, I was just surprised that half the show was openers.I was here about 2 years ago to hear Duncan Sheik (who knew he still had a career!) and I also was introduced to the wonderful Vienna Teng at that show. The downstairs venue is the intimate area with good acoustics and delicious eggplant fries. I was there by myself so I got to share my table (just a warning to the anti-social folks out there).
I kept meaning to go back but just really never got there....
Oh yeah, I had also gone to some kind of networking event there when I was in grad school - wasn't too impressed with that, but it was more due to the lame-ness of the event...I really liked World Cafe Live..... My class went there because my teacher works at the radio station there... wxpn or wateva... but we saw Back Door Slam and it was nice.. the band was alright but it was a great atmosphere...I've only been in the downstairs area so I can't speak for the upstairs and food service.  
I've seen a couple shows here and also went to the Lovesick Expo recently held here.  Decent place for music performances, cleaner than a lot of other venues.  Also very convenient to 30th St Station for taking SEPTA.I like this place. I remember the food being good. The place is a little cramped though. I like the musicians they get in here. Cool. BamI am an event organizer for a social group.  Myself and 11 others attended the spoken word open mic event 4/4 and I cannot begin to express my displeasure with WCL.  Per the website, we needed dinner reservations to ensure we'd get seats for the performance.  I made dinner reservations for the group for 6:30 to ensure we had seats for the performance. Once we were seated we were told that the performance would be downstairs and that dinner is NOT being served down there.  By 7:30 we had only received our appetizers and we were concerned about getting downstairs to get seats, which meant we would not get to eat.  A few members of the group had their appetizers wrapped to go while the rest of us went hungry.  The hostess then mentioned that there were snack items available downstairs.  The food that was served downstairs during the performance was disgusting; it was a bunch of different fried things that all looked the same sitting on a warming tray (very low budget)  None of us felt like clogging our arteries so we declined.
A member of our party decided they wanted to go back upstairs to eat, when they got upstairs they were told they had to pay $20 to go to the bar and eat, even though we had just been sitting up there at a table.  They were then told that they couldn't get anything to go b/c they were not allowed to take food down stairs.  However the members of the group who had their food wrapped to go were able to eat downstairs.  The hostess then told the member of the group to go around the corner to a DELI!!! I was offended and so were the members of the group. Going to a deli is not the same as sitting down to eat at a restaurant.  So even though WCL serves food they would rather send business out the door to get food?!?! Needless to say the 12 members of my party were not happy and probably will not return to this venue.I like it here a lot for shows.  My experience here was for the Sunday day of the Popped! music festival, so the entire place was open and shows were going on both up and down stairs.  The downstairs room is HUGE, the stage is HUGE and the sound is GREAT.  They have a nice big bar to get a drink and tables to sit at if you don't feel like standing up front.  Unfortunately, they also have nice big prices for their beers.  My normally cheap lager was $5!  That's a killer.
Upstairs has more tables and a smaller show space than downstairs with a more moderately-sized stage (comparable to the M Room).  The sound was still pretty good up there.  The last band even had video projected on a screen behind them which added a bit to the ambience.  Everyone got up and danced...since that's what people do to dance music.
At a point, I got hungry and had to cave and get food even though it was a little pricey.  It was fairly worth it though.  I got the WCL Grilled Chicken sandwich (chicken, prov. cheese, roasted peppers, spinach and pesto mayo).  It was one of the most delicious chicken sandwiches I've ever had and completely satisfying with delish fries (you have the option of getting a salad instead but I wanted to be bad) for a little over $10.
Overall, I would totally go back for the right show since the space is so nice, but I would hesitate to book there because I would feel bad forcing my audience to pay that much for food and drink.Saw Anuhea (great artist from Hawaii) at Work Cafe Live upstairs.  Made a dinner reservation on Yelp and bought tickets in advance.  Worked out great!  Show started at 8pm, git a reservation for 7 pm, but could have got there later since it wasn't a big crowd.  Food was very good (a surprise given other reviews) and service was great.  Highly recommend WCL!!Drove up from D.C. for night for the Lake Street Dive show in early October. I hadn't been to the venue before and spent quite a bit of time studying floor plans, etc. I attend loads of shows in D.C., at most of the venues, and World Cafe (at least on this night) was tops. We were in the front row of the upper tier on awesome couches with loads of legroom, dead center, great view. Nothing but great things to report from Philly. We did eat there before the show and were pleasently surprised - expectations for food at a music hall are never too high, but we were pleased. Man, I wish I could reserve those seats for every band I love...Five Star atmosphere with Five Star prices that only serves Three Star food. I have ordered food from both upstairs and downstairs and every time it does not live up to the price tag. I am not saying the food is bad, however you can get WAY better else where for less. Now that I got that out of the way, World Cafe Live's atmosphere makes up greatly for the overpriced menu. Upstairs is small and cozy. You can see different artist perform on the small, back corner stage as you sit out their very impressive bar or at a table that is no more than 20 yards from the stage. For bigger shows you go downstairs, where there is an equally impressive bar. For most shows there is a menu and very limited seating, unless you got reserved sitting in the balcony. We always try to get there early in order to get a table in front of the bar. The shows are always great, my favorite being Jaxons Local Shots featuring IKE. Always a good lineup of bands and the room definitely sounds good. 
I highly recommend this place for a chill night. If you aren't in the mood for a club but need more than a bar, WCL is the place for you.This place is really great for watching live bands.  Make sure you check out 'There Once Was.'  They play there frequently.I've seen a lot of great shows here, and never left disappointed.  The food is good, and the wait staff is the best - they are somehow brilliantly capable of walking around a tightly packed dining area, in the dark, without making noise.  I wouldn't get past one table before I smacked someone in the head with my bum and/or a tray of food.  Also, you can't beat $1/hr parking on the part of Walnut they are located on.Went here for a concert to see the Alabama Shakes in April 2012. I had a couple beers in the upper stage area where the slams take place. After a couple beers headed downstairs to the concert hall. I love the smaller intimate setting, bout 1500 or so? Pure guess there. Similar to the TLA, but classier. The concert hall downstairs has great acoustics. I was standing along the rail at the rear near the bar - great vantage point. There are beer kiosks along the sides of the floor area. Beers are about 6 bucks give or take. The crowd was totally supportive of the band. No assholes that ruined the experience for anyone. The band tore the roof off that night! Not judging the dinner menu upstairs, but as a concert hall, this place is butter.So much fun! Great music, great swag, great beer!All the people complaining about the bartenders not being able to sleep at night due to expensive beers need to realize that they don't make the prices, they just facilitate the sale. Also, this is a job for them, not their lives. Please go see a show at the TLA and spend $7 on a PBR, then come running back to WCL and cherish that $4.50 beer in your hand.I am editing my review due to the very nice apology from the manager. Apparently there was a mixup in seating arrangements on the night we went, and I certainly appreciate that accidents can happen. I will go to see a similar show in July and have been assured that the problems I had have been corrected. Thanks for reaching out to us, World Cafe!While I have seen shows both upstairs and downstairs, this review is strictly for the downstairs.  
Saw Roger Clyne and the Peacemakers this past weekend downstairs with a crew of 4.  We ordered our tickets ahead so we could get a table and order some dinner.  Showed up about an hour before the show to a pretty cool scene.  Fun crowd and some pretty decent food.  Also, suprisingly good selection of beers.  All had a great time and would go back for seconds anytime.I've been here a handful of times through the years and it's definitely a great spot to catch a show. The food is just average, but they do have eggplant fries that are unusual and good. Go for the venue!I really like this place a lot. I see a lot of live music and have never seen a venue quite like this in any other city. Not quite a nightclub. Not quite a restaurant. Not quite a music theatre. But a decent mix of the three. The acoustics are outstanding and the room is impressive. I don't understand the dining tables in the middle of the floor, but someone must like that arrangement. Have only been here a handful of times and all have been early week with relatively thin crowds. I would like to see the energy of the room in a full house. I'd give it five stars if the drink prices were reasonable, but all-in-all, a very good place to see live music.A great place to see a show (downstairs at any rate.)  We got great seats for Black47 and had dinner there pre-show.  The food was Irish themed (for Black47 and it was March 16!!!)
I thought my "boiled" dinner of corned beef and cabage was good.
The rest of the menu was typical bar food.  Not great - but not inedible as others have said.
The show itself was great and we had a balcony front row sofa to sit on - and beer to drink.
No problems for me.Awesome performers. Great venue. Nice sound. Accept the service fee for the shows; it's worth it! But, if it's your thing- pregame. The drinks are weak and overpriced. $7 for a weak gin and tonic. Oh well, perhaps that's how they keep the place running and the workers paid.  Great venue none the less.World Cafe Live has great music, great drinks, and great service.  They book amazing acts who are slightly off the beaten path, but generally fantastic.  I am a faithful follower.
BUT (did you see it coming?)
the design of the space is AWFUL!!!!  The tables have just got to go.  They would have more room if the lobby weren't almost as big as the upstairs space, and they put the bar back there!!  Put in booths lining the edge of the room like a supper club, and LEAVE THE REST OPEN.  Don't put a table 3 feet away from a speaker.  Is someone really going to enjoy their soup when it's literally vibrating from the sound? NO!  Or, do the people who came early and snagged tables enjoy looking at dancers' butts all evening once the show gets bumpin?  The dance floor is the size of my kitchen (8X10) but a lot of dirty haired rich-turned-"poor" college students paid good money on daddy's credit card to go to that show, and gosh darn it, they need to MOVE!  GIVE THE PEOPLE SPACE TO DANCE!!!Went here to see Reverend Peyton and his Big Damn Band.  Great show.  It was in the Upstairs Live venue.  First time I was there, but I thought it was a great small show setting.  For dinner I had the Chorizo Tacos and the Chicken and Waffles Club sandwich.  I really enjoyed both.  The drinks were good too.  The waitress did a great job and stopped by just the right amount of times.  It was alao very conveniently located near the 30th street stop of the MF El.  I will definitely go back here for other shows.Delicious and (sort of) healthy casual lunch - a great bacon cheeseburger for me and a vegetarian cheese 'steak' for my friend - an excellent micro brew from the tap - great conversation and excellent, live musical entertainment.I do not go there nearly enough.  Have seen many bands there, and just before they've blown up - namely, "The Heavy."
Crowds are a nice mix of people.  Professionals, students, hipsters and tourists.  Music is always great, big or small.  Good burgers.  Awesome staff.  Great vibe.  University City is becoming a cooler and cooler place to roam about.Here for the first time last week to see a performance of Los Straitjackets (opening act Ellen Jewel.) This venue reminds me a bit of House of Blues. There's two levels, both offer a bar in the concert hall, and best of all, standing room at stage level so you can be thisclose to the acts. Acoustics were great and not needlessly overpowering. Upstairs is an excellent restaurant and another concert stage. My only minor complaint was the slow service experienced when my friend and I had dinner before the show. But that's minor and was hopefully a fluke. An enthusiastic 5 stars and will be back again for sure.I have never been disapointed at the World Cafe. Whether I'm grabbing drinks and apps during their fabulous happy hours ( can't beat $3 glasses of wine and $1 apps!) or watching an amazing show downstairs for no more than $20 ( just saw the hotel cafe tour this past Friday, one of the best shows I've seen there!) . The venue is clean (including the bathrooms which is major!). Parking is free !!!! Another great thing to do is the free at noons. XPN runs this but to see a great act such as Damien Rice for free is awesome! World Cafe is by far my favorite venue to see a show in the city!In my humble opinion, the best venue for live music in the city. Here's my reasoning.
1.  Upstairs and downstairs offer an intimate setting.  Both internationally known and up-and-coming performers connect closely with the audience here.
2.  The staff is always very, very friendly and accommodating.
3.  The acoustics are just right.  I can hear the performer without leaving the place with my ears ringing.
But here's a tip... When ordering, stick to the drinks. The food, like in most clubs, is very average.I've been here twice for concerts (versus just upstairs for Happy Hour). The venue itself is arranged interestingly... Like the downstairs concert area in my opinion is kinda laid-out weird. They let you pay for seats at tables on the main floor where the stage is located, but then when the concert is going on you can't see jack sh*t because there are rows of people standing up in front of you in front of the stage. So you have to like stand up too. On your chair if you're my height. One time I went and didn't pay for seats and just camped out at the bar and had a much better view. I guess the mezzanine seating would be good because you can sit and get service and see the stage pretty well since the venue itself is pretty intimate. I dunno. They should elevate those tables on the main stage floor so you can see. Hint Hint.
Secondly, the food there was not awesome. I think they were going for a "upscale" bar food but when one of the appetizers is french fries and written underneath it it says "served with ketchup" in italics I'll raise a couple of weary eyebrows. I got the pulled pork sandwich which was not awesome. Eh.
Anyway, it makes me sad to write this. I like that there is a World Cafe Live. I wish they'd just spruce up their food/food selection and make the venue a little more viewer friendly.This venue has it's finer points but, sadly, also a few downsides. 
WCL gets some great acts.  No one can deny that. 
And, the dinner shows really are a nice atmosphere... You get to sit, relax, enjoy yummy food, and see a great band playing their hearts out. Or do you? My biggest complaint with WCL is with the nature of a dinner show and philly crowds in general. They get boring. It's really awkward to dance in your seat with a $10 salad (regardless of how delicious it is) in front of you! The dinner show format makes it really difficult to actually enjoy the music fully. I've actually been in two audiences where the band made fun of us for being so boring! But that's the nature of the dinner show (and also philly concert goers, in general).  Aside from that, I love this place. Their late night shows (sans tables) are totally worth it.  Of course, I've only been to one of these, and I'm not sure how frequent they are. 
Another slight problem is, one time, the sound was mixed slightly wrong.  Which, is a shame, since it was the Philly Loud And Local show, which was also broadcast on the radio. But, I've only been able to make that complaint once, which is saying something. 
All in all, I really like WCL. I suppose if i want to make the shows more exciting in the future I will just start dancing on the table tops! I'll let you know how that goes over with the older crowd...I've always wanted to go to a live music cafe, and World Cafe Live definitely delivered.
Firstly, the people at the front desk and will call are so nice and friendly!
Upstairs: The shows I've seen here have been great. Seating is limited, but there's usually just enough -- you just won't know where you'll be seated. So if you want to have an amazing view, then I would suggest getting here early to on time. The atmosphere is great, and this is one of the only venues in Philly that I'd sit down to see a concert for! I really appreciate the affordable prices that allow for spontaneous dinners and concerts.
The service is rude, pushy, and inattentive, but I'm usually there to watch the shows. That being said, the chicken quesadillas are pretty good though! And quite large! 
Downstairs: I saw a not-as-popular show here, so the layout was a bit awkward as it looks more like a concert venue than upstairs. I hadn't eaten dinner, so I sat near the bar and watched from afar. Between the bar and the stage is a pretty large standing room pit, which seemed empty when I went but can definitely hold a decent number of people for a more popular show. I personally prefer the upstairs vibe more.I have mixed feelings about this place...while I love it in theory, in practice, its a bit so-so. 
I love the diversity in music it brings in, and I love that is (ostensibly) a "music lovers paradise". But, with all that comes a somewhat standoffish staff, prices (for everything) that range from high to really high, and a general feeling of "we will tolerate your presence for as long as we need to and not a second longer". I can't point to any one particular example, but its a vibe thing. I guess my feelings for the venue somewhat mirror my feelings for WXPN...cool, but not nearly as cool as they would like you think.
All that aside, the main room is a great place to see a show, and the sound and sightlines are generally excellent. As others said, take care of your eating/drinking needs beforehand, and you'll have a much better time.Came in before a show and the service was SOO slow. I enjoyed the veggie burger and the eggplant fries. Wouldn't come here unless going to see a show - pretty convenient. Was on a double-date and we couldn't even talk to each other b/c there was someone on stage in the room we were eating in. Not a huge deal but just something we didn't think about beforehand...I had a memorable experience here about a year ago.  I came to perform at the well-known Monday night open mic.  I got there early (around 5:30) and the line was already most of the way around the lobby.  This ended up meaning that I didn't get to play until around 11:00.  So what do you do when you're at a bar waiting for several hours... you start offering the other customers table dances (when the manager asked me to leave I promised I'd stop).  *ok that's enough for the made-up part.
But for real I drank myself a little silly and mingled with some cool people while I got to hear some better, and some not-so-better performances.  By the time I got on stage I had gotten buzzed enough that I couldn't remember the words to the songs.  So after fumbling around with my guitar I just smiled and made my way off stage.
The atmosphere was great and its awesome that a place with a reputation like theirs still does an open mic.As we contemplate the absent middle-ground venues of Philadelphia, the World Cafe offers this... it just isn't often considered.
This is a cozy, intimate (with the artists) venue, that is in an area with plenty of street parking, and definitely pulls you out of the city. Having grown up listening to The World Cafe, I never envisioned a place like this in the works.
What's weirder, on weekends, this becomes the ultimate magnet for suburbies and Jersey couples on dates with six-figure cars and wild outfits to come in and watch a Patti Griffith concert. In no other city has luxury and granola coexisted the way that it seems to at The World Cafe.
Not a bad place for lunch either.I have been to World Cafe Live twice now (for two completely different types of events), and both experiences have been positive.
The first was a Christine and the Queens show last month. The show was great, and the venue was the perfect size. There is plenty of room to move around (or dance, depending on the type of show!) but it's still small enough that basically any spot has a decent view of the stage. The sound and production seemed great as well, so no complaints there.
The second event that I attended was The Moth's monthly story-slam. If you're unfamiliar with The Moth, definitely check out the podcast and attend a story-slam. It's great to hear real stories from real people right from your own city. Anyway--this one was also a great time but set up more like a dinner theater. My friends and I sat in the balcony, which ended up being a great choice as we had an excellent view of the stage below.
I can't speak to the food yet (maybe on a future visit!), but it's definitely a solid venue and I'm sure I'll be back.This place was easy to find with plenty of street parking, just had to get a ticket from one of those machines, i put in for 4 hours and it was $3.50
The atmosphere is awesome, space is super clean. We saw a show on 7/29/10 , los amigos invisibles. It was on the lower level, theres about three flights of steps to go down or you can use the elevator.
We got drinks which were about $8 each but super strong even though it was in a small cup. 
We got there like five mins before the show began and got to get pretty close to the stage, the lighting was great, and i did notice a mirror ball in the middle of the place.. too bad the didnt turn it on!
Ticket prices were pretty good 24 on the day of the event and 22 if you ordered them before, also you can get vip seating where they have tables but with that you have to order a minium of $15 of food or drink, see the prices there it wouldnt be a problem, i smelled the food yumm
over all great place will def check out other shows thereGreatly enjoyed this "listening" venue.  Had a daily special grilled cheese (brie, swiss, gruyere, tomatoes & a white balsamic glaze) with fries.  It was very tasty.  I would eat here again and definitely come to more concerts.  Oops, and the staff were great too!I just saw Apples in Stereo here. I thought the venue was really nice, the atmosphere was definitely laid back for those who want to relax and enjoy the show, or high intensity for those who want to get up and dance.  The acoustics were better than most other venues. The food was sort of expensive, but I liked the option of being able to sit down and eat at a venue. And the portions were more than I expected too.
But it just didn't do it for me. This is the first time I've been here because not many big artists do play here. And looking at the list of upcoming bands, I probably won't be back for a while. The venue is great, but the lineups that they have are much more diverse in musical genre than what fits me. I know whatever R5 offers I will enjoy, since I am into the indie music scene. But I won't be sure about what the World Cafe offers...You have to LOVE what they are trying to do here. Wonderful place with multiple stages. A great staff and just a really good feeling all around. If you have a chance to see a show here. You should.The World Cafe Live is conveniently located near UPenn and Drexel Univ campus. Parking is conveniently located either under the overpass at 31st Street- near ice rink lower entrance or near the LSRM Engineering UPenn bldg on Walnut Street just past World Cafe Live. It shares its stage with the WXPN radio station which usually broadcasts all the live events on NPR's music show of the same name. Many artists passes through here so you are bound to find something that you will like. There is upstairs and downstairs as well. I have been told that the downstairs stage is bigger and nicer. I visited the upstairs and it's more of a dining area with a small stage at the front. Sondre Lerche just played last weekend for his birthday (Sept 5). It was pretty cool with his casual monologues thrown into his performance. Very cool atmosphere. If you want to save money on tickets than purchase ahead of time at the box office to avoid the service fee. Also, pick up the calendar postcards which lists the latest news on artists visiting World Cafe Live. If you choose standing room, be sure to take note most performances last almost 3 hours. If you want to sit down, then you will get a table and have to spend minimum $10 for food/drinks. So, it's a compromise and probably better to get the dining experience which looks posh. However, I opted with the standing room to save a little money and found it to be better although difficult to feel my legs afterwards. I was able to get some great photos and you can tell from my photo album. Staff is friendly and helpful. Just be sure to get there early if you have standing room to get a close spot near the stage. I really enjoyed it and the fans helped out too with the sing-along from Sondre Lerche. Overall, you will like this intimate setting opposed to the huge Wachovia Center which Coldplay looked tiny on the stage with my seats. But, then again I got my tickets for free from listening to radio 104.5 for the contest.I got to check out World Cafe Live for the first time because my work hosted their annual service awards slash holiday party there. It's a very nice place with lots of space.
The bar was a nice size and the service was great. There were appetizers being passed around, all that were really tasty. Among the menu, there was dumplings, crab cakes, spanakopita, beef empanadas, and more.
There was a downstairs seating area and a nice size stage as well. After the awards ceremony, they opened up a few food stations,
One station had carved turkey, gravy, cranberry sauce, and sauteed broccoli. The next station had an array of pastas, including tortellini, in various sauces. The next station had burger buns with a choice of burgers, pulled pork, and portobello mushrooms. In addition to the fixins, they also had regular and sweet potato fries.
The last station was the desert station, aka the best station! They had pudding with fresh whipped cream, eclairs, cannolis, and some other goodies.
Everything at every station was very tasty. Yes, I tasted it all. It was great!Came here for Quizzo and was super disappointed! We got to the venue at 5:30 for a 7:30 event and there were a ton of people in line already, so we were doubtful about getting in. However, the guy working the door came up to us in line and told us we'd definitely get in, but that the people behind us might not. If he hadn't said "definitely," I wouldn't have been as bummed out when, an hour and a half later (after waiting outside in the cold btw), he told us they were at capacity and that we had to leave. It would be one thing to let us know that we probably wouldn't get in from the start, but the false hope he gave us was the most annoying. Just be straight with your customers and they might not be as mad when you end up turning them away. Giving them one star because my best friend was working the upstairs show and I got to see her for a minute. Needs better organization!!!  :(Because the 172nd review is going to change your mind. 
Great music venue downstairs. Excellent beer selection. I rarely have food when I come here.Saw Vanessa Carlton on the lower floor here last December.  Honestly, I went in not expecting much out of the venue--I've heard mixed reviews about World Cafe Live.  
Everything, however, was rather perfect.  
I came, someone showed me to my table seat in the "pit", I was able to get food and wine at my leisure while watching.  Oh, and the acoustics were GREAT.  The show felt intimate, but still had professional sound.
I didn't come hungry, but got the eggplant fries anyway to help kill time--they were pretty good, but I couldn't finish them as you really start to feel the grease in your stomach about halfway through.  
Ordered a glass of moscato wine later on and it was very nice. 
 I appreciate how "under the radar" the waitresses are during the show iex: they slipped me my check discreetly, without disturbing me or anyone.  That's important to me.
I look forward to the next time I see an artist here.Great music venue. Filthiest taps in Philly. Lazy manager I guess. Stay away from draft beer.This is one of my favorite music venues in the city. I've been here quite a few times whether it was by myself (to see Foreign Exchange), on a date (to see Aloe Blacc), or with friends and to see friends perform. It's very classy, and subdued and there are great views from every angle. Drink prices aren't bad for a music venue, and I'm not a fan of the food but to see concerts? Whoo-boy!
I've never paid for a table to sit because when I see concerts at venues like this I love to stand. I'm glad that World Cafe Live gives that opportunity. Now that I live closer to this than I did before I have to make more trips out here because the lineups they tend to get are insane. The venue itself isn't so small that it's cozy, and a little bigger than being intimate, and I love it.