Wrap Shack is my go-to place when I need a quick meal with friendly faces and large TV's.  Mondays are the go-to day with their discounted menu.  The wraps are toasted and it never disappoints.Very unsatisfied I spend 8 bucks on an ok Burger, and $13 bucks on wat is supposed to be Crab Mac and cheese but there was no crab, totally not worth $23Bad customer service on the phone. Realized after the fact this was a bar not a restaraunt. Wrap was decent but arrived not as ordered. Cold fries..forgot drink..a mess. No napkins straws or utensils.so me and my friend walked in here after leaving byblos. we saw a sign that said 4$ mixed drinks and we walked in.. The drinks were made very strong.. which is a plus.. the onion rings we ordered were good.. nothing to write home about... I didnt try a wrap but they selections they had were a plenty.. so I plan to go back and try one..The scene was really laid back and chill... 
Oddly we sat there a woman came in and ordered some food... I was like Oh she looks SO familiar.. you know that feeling you get when you know someone from somewhere but just can't place where.. So this guy sitting next to me was like oh I want to take a picture with her.. I'm like thinking to myself wtf is wrong with this guy haha... then he runs out when she's about to leave and I ask his friend who stayed in who was she.. and he was like YOU DON'T KNOW, that's RENEE ZELLEWEGGER.. I was like oh! I knew I had seen her before.. hahaha well that was interestingWasn't pleased with the flavor of the wraps purchased. All of my friends who ordered from here said there wraps were bland. The cheese fries were ordinary. We carried our so i'm not sure if the bar scene of the place is something to bring people back. All in all I would say it's not worth the money.This place totally caught me by surprise.  While it may look like a regular, run of the mill bar/pub atmosphere, the food is consistently delicious.  They have my favorite Jalapeño Cheesesteak in the city and their fries, wings, and cheesesteak egg rolls are addicting as well.  AND, they deliver!  If you are looking for some satisfying comfort food and a cold beer, this is your place.  Oh, and they have a surprisingly large amount of healthy veggie options, which my healthier friends have tested and approved.I love Wrap Shack.  
This is a great place to come for food and drinks.  I'm a huge fan of their Arnold Palmer Pitchers, iced tea, lemonade, and flavored vodka (i do peach, yum!).  It's casual and really laid back, a great place to escape a the scene.  
I always get stuck ordering the Scott Louis Wrap (chicken w/ bacon, cheddar, american, sauteed onions, mushrooms, and a mix of buffalo&bbq sauces) because it's just so good I'm afraid to try something new!  Be careful though, the wraps are always SCALDING hot!  Fries are good too, but not a must-order by any means.  
Come to Wrap Shack when you want to chill, eat some good but inexpensive food, get cheap drinks and watch a game with some friends.I've been here a few times and I've had a pleasant experience every time. I loved their chicken Caesar wrap and their buffalo chicken wrap. My friend had their gyro and said it was great! Wait staff was friendly and helpful. I'll definitely return and try more things on the menu.Good customer service would make such a huge difference. 
I called in for a delivery order and was sort of rushed through and put on hold a few times. It is a Saturday night so I understand that they were probably very busy, but they were not very nice about it. They said my food would arrive in 40 minutes. Almost an hour and a half later my food arrives, after I called to make sure it was on the way. The delivery guy was actually very nice. Too bad it wasn't the right order. 
I ordered a peanut tofu wrap and they brought chicken. I had to call again to tell them and they insisted that I had ordered a chicken wrap. I'm a life-long vegetarian and always very careful to make sure it is clear that I can have no meat in my order- so there is no way that's true. After a bit the guy on the phone dropped the 'tude and offered to send me a replacement order at no cost and said it would arrive in ten minutes. 25 minutes later it is here (same nice delivery guy again- who apologized for the mix-up). 
If I knew it would take me two full hours to get dinner I would have just cooked or gone somewhere. So much for the convenience of ordering in.....Soooo homophobic!!!!! They would not serve my boyfriend an I. We were there over an hour and we just got waters. I would never recommend this place especially for people that are gay friendlyMe and my husband popped in while waiting on a day party next door to start. What drew us in were the $5 drink specials and $7 buffalo chicken wraps. We snagged one of their outdoor tables and ordered. The waitress/barmaid was very prompt, attentive and courteous. I didn't know what to drink but she was able to make superb suggestions that fit my tastebuds. She made me a jack with peach and ginger ale. Pretty good for someone who had no clue of what to order. After mulling over the menu I settled on their chicken quesadilla for $9.25. The service was quick and the portions were unbelievable. For under $10 my husband's first statement was "I didn't even have to order any food. I could've shared yours." I was able to get my fill and still have enough to take home. The food was great and reasonably priced. I'll definitely be back. The wrap shack is a sports bar type of joint with a neighborhood feel where all are welcomed and they treat everyone the same. It's always nice to meet staff that are willing to provide delightful customer service. Great find!!Always a great time at Wrap Shack. From the outside it doesn't look like much but the food and drinks are top-notch.This is our new fave place to have a cheap yet delicious meal. They deliver, we have gone for dinner, lunch, happy hour, etc. They never fail, no matter when you go in you get the same consistent quality and service. 
I've been walking by this place for nearly ten years! It's cute inside, wooden benches/booths and beer signs etc. The servers are always friendly and great about refilling drinks. They also understand that sometimes you are in a rush at lunch. 
I love the sherry's special, if you dig honey mustard this is the sandwich for you! The mozzarella sticks are pretty standard, but the marinara is a little off. Everything else is stellar, I've never had a bad wrap nor have my girlies!Order delivery one water one soda ,,, I get nothing !!! I get a chicken wrap wraps broke soggy falling apart ,,,, salad was half decent wasn't fan of dressing but is what it is !! The I got truffle frys soggy wet in a ball tossed them in the trash rite next to the wrap !! Back to reality 
Food 2 star 
Guy on phone 4 star 
Delivery guy -5 wanted me to walk to him for the sodas he forgot!!A dive bar that serves wraps, and wraps only (okay, there are some exceptions, like their amazing sweet-potato fries). Strange concept, executed excellently. The one thing I didn't like was the amount of sauce in the wrap - a bit much. But other than that, I'm kind of at a loss for words, which isn't like me. Just go and order something - anything! It'll be good, I promise. (And if you think I'm wrong, you ordered something I wouldn't have.)First time tonight. A former co-worker loves it here so we went for Happy Hour and boy was she right! 
Awesome specials, a pitcher of long island iced tea for around $15. it makes a good 6 cups! and they are worth it! they dont mess with their tea! 
Their food looks great! i only had some fries (sweet potato) and they were amazing. im picky on my sweet potato fries but they were perfect, crispy but really soft inside and honey mustard for dipping, not what i would have picked but it was great! the cheese fries were so much better though, and the ones with bacon looked awesome! 
Def. going back!Just redeemed my free draft here while buying their new buffalo chicken wrap. Come here for lunch from time to time and their specials always make my lunch affordable and delicious. The staff is friendly and talkative, which is an added bonus.I ordered the chicken and honey mustard wrap with no tomatoes but my wrap came out with tomatoes. Fine but the wrap itself was not good at all. The wrap tasted stale and you have to buy fries separately.We ordered take out, which was delicious. But once we arrived, early, to pick up the food someone immediately checked in with us and gave us an update on how soon it would be ready. The atmosphere was really cool as well and I'd definitely come back for a drink inside.I went here for lunch on a Monday specifically for their $5 wrap. I had the thai chicken wrap. I found a table right away and found the service to be very good too. The wrap was a great size, delicious, and a great price with their $5 Monday deal. Would I get it without the $5 deal? Probably not. But I will definitely go back on a Monday.this place is AWESOME!!! u cant beat their prices, i usually get the steak taco wrap...amazing!!! it melts in your mouth, along w a long island iced tea pitcher ( they really make it how it should be), it cant get better than this for their prices!! love love loveOne of my favorite lunch spots. Always quick service and consistent quality. Maybe I'm just a sucker for a toasted tortilla shell but I always suggest wrap shack when my co-workers can't decide on a place.A great alternative for a center city lunch break versus eating at your desk. 
Service is friendly and attentive, very much a neighborhood feel. 
The food isn't over the top but it's inexpensive and hits the spot. 
I recommend the Thai Brocoli Chicken served spicy, the balsamic chicken portabella is a good second to that. The steak taco I ordered once was just okay. 
A lot of great beers on tap constantly being rotated.The ball headed bartender was the sweetest man I've ever met. He introduced me to the Soft Shell Crap wrap and I've eaten it every week for the past 2 months. It comes out warm and crispy.I had heard this place was great, but I wasn't impressed. Went for lunch, they have a lot of choices and a bunch of beers.. Wraps are pretty good size but don't come with anything else. Got a turkey club wrap and it was made with that cheap filmy lunch meat. Meh.I dig this place because it's unpretentious, in a prime location (contradictory? No.), and reasonably priced. Any of their wraps are good (although I wish they would put more filling in them) and their weekend brunch menu is inventive. They always have a great tap list and the owner isn't a douche bag (which means the staff is genuine).IPA Fridays..... Love it. Small cozy bar.
We went there Friday night for a quick drink, and loved it so much we came back on Sunday to watch the Superbowl. (REALLY delayed review...). The staff was amazing, very flexible on the drink specials - they had Jack and coke pitcher specials and let us have margaritas instead for the same price. 
We drank for several hours and the whole bar ended up as friends - it's one of those kind of places. eventually we ordered food, we were a party of 4 and ended up with a wrap each as well as some buffalo wings and fries. I would say the wrap I had was pretty average, but the wings were good and the other wraps had positive reviews. 
This place earns a solid 5 stars for bar, staff and atmosphere, with 3 stars on the food. Excited to go back for some drinks and fun!Wrap Shack is my favorite bar in Philly. Such a chill spot. Highly recommend the Scott Louis wrap (get it blended) and their chips & hummus app (they home make their chips and they come out warm w/ sea salt). The owner is very cool. Always playing great music - a few different times they've been playing some classic hip hop which I love (JayZ, WuTang etc). Rotate their beers often, and always have a good selection on tap - some craft. Cooler full of bottles that you can mix & match for take out. Lastly, they are on GrubHub so you can get delivery too. Go there today and this will be your new spot :)I've never actually been to Wrap Shack, but I've gotten takeout before. I got a smoothie and a vegan volcano wrap. I usually hate veggie wraps, because I generally don't like cold roasted vegetables in bread (really, that's a lame excuse for a sandwich) but this was not that!! It was broccoli, carrots, onion, zucchini, and black bean hummus, and it had a lot of flavor and texture going for it. It was a cold sandwich that was actually intended to be eaten cold. I love that it was already vegan, and I didn't have to remove cheese from my order and thus remove any shred of flavor I had a shot at. Good choice for delivery or a quick takeout order.This is the best find I have ever stumbled upon!  Holy cow we need to get one on the west coast please!  Great specials, such a great variety of food, and friendly staff.  Definitely would go back and recommend this to anyone in the area.Terrible.  This place gets one star because they're open til 10 most nights (apparently that's considered late in this city), and another star because they're located across the street from me.  Zero stars for food.  In fact, the food here is borderline inedible.  Not every wrap needs to be piping hot, people.  Especially when that means biting into microwaved wilting lettuce and about-to-spoil tomatoes.  Honestly, the ingredients here are horrible and you can taste it.  Avoid unless you're desperate.Beyond disappointing wraps - from a place called Wrap Shack.
Split a chicken parm wrap and a chicken finger wrap - neither I would get again. Though the chicken parm wrap was loaded with (chopped) chicken, there was no cheese. Chicken finger wrap was supposed to have lettuce and tomato on it. It came with barely any lettuce and very under-ripe tomatoes. Two of my friends ordered the chicken caesar (also had barely any lettuce) and buffalo chicken wrap which the chicken was burnt.This is a lunchtime favorite for me! I absolutely love the Thai peanut chicken wrap! The juicy Thai peanut sauce, broccoli and chicken come together for his amazing fiesta in my mouth! I've had a few other things like the tandoori chicken gyro, which was ok, and the grilled veggie which was fantastic. 
The atmosphere is a laid-back sports bar and I've done done-in and take out!  I would definitely keep coming back for my go-to Thai peanut chicken!We went there for Monday Happy Hour. $2.50 for Yuengling and $5 each for selected wraps and salads. One star for that. The wraps and salads were large, reasonably tasty. Not super flavorful but we in California are spoiled by fresh produce and I know that is hard to come by this time of year. One star for value.
The main reason the place gets 4 stars is the awesome bartender Jessica. Not only was she badass in her leopard print, but she took the time to write out a list of places for us to see as visitors in Phlly with a child. And then, when I left my cheap sunglasses in the restaurant, she chased us for 2 blocks in her miniskirt in the snow to give them back.
Jessica is the kind of employee every place like this should have. Go Jessica.I ordered delivery from here one night, and it was filling, cheap and fast. Decided to check it out last night, and immediately regretted it. 
Wanting a relatively quick bite to eat before a show, I sat at the bar with my friend. We found the only two seats that weren't marked with empty bottles or trash. Looked at the menu for five minutes before anyone acknowledged us, and when the bartender did say something, it was, "Be with you in a minute." Another five minutes went by. Another "Be with you in a minute." When she helped the people sitting next to us --who walked in after us -- first, it was time to bolt. I think I've done that twice in my lifetime. 
In all fairness, it was a Center City Sips night, and around the time that CCS ends (7pm), but I would have been more patient if the bartender was at all pleasant. Instead she was aloof bordering on hostile.     
Wraps, in general, kind of suck anyway.Alright wrap but was really unimpressed with the service.  My mum and I ask for the same wrap with added avocado. When it came out there was no avocado and no dressing. No big deal but when we let the waitress know she responded "well I ring it in its on there, maybe just thinking slices or avocado. And there's definitely dressing." She then went to the kitchen and brought out avocado and proceeded to say the cook had no idea what was going on back there ever, and that she thought he would be able to have doe a simple request like add avocado. We then got charged for the dressing side that they brought half way through the meal. A single.ole sorry about that would have been appropriate, no need to throw the kitchen under the bus and certainly no need to tell customers they're wrong because you pressed a button. Really off putting and I won't be back.Just stumbled into this place and am SO HAPPY I did! 
I ordered a spicy Bloody Mary and asked the (very nice, glasses-clad, adorable) bartender/server what her favorite wrap was-The Philly Jalapeño Steak-and ordered one on a wheat wrap. I am not a big meat eater but figured I had to live up to my request and tried it-DELICIOUS!
After moving here a few months ago, I have been looking for a little place near my apartment that reminds me of my favorite dive bars back at home. I think I found it! Though not technically a dive bar, The Wrap Shack is comfortable, dark and has yummy food and spicy drinks-close enough. ;)I stopped in for a quick meal before my work shift.  Sat at the bar and made friends with the guy to my left who is apparently a regular.  I took his suggestion to try the Southwestern Chicken Wrap w/ the dressing on the side and it was awesome!  I even ordered an IPA and my sandwich came out in the appropriate amount of time. Great service and prompt!Came back here again last week. Had the cheesesteak eggrolls. Those were pretty badass but they were a little on the small side. The delish spicy sauce it came with should be turned into body wash- I wanted to roll around in it. 
This time I got the soft shell crab wrap. Holy moly. At first I was hesitant (no idea why) but the wrap chef was there and said its very good. And he was right,  I was in heaven!! Lightly fried soft shell crab, grilled shrimp, sauteed mushrooms, tomatoes and cheddar cheese with our homemade creamy special sauce. soooooo goooood. the wrap chef even came out and asked how we liked it - two thumbs up!!I just ordered the buffalo chicken wrap (with Ranch dressing) and the chips with black bean hummus.  It was sooo good. My first time ordering from here and will do it again. :-)Didn't know what to think when I walked in this sports bar. Many of this kind have average bar food and a lot of TV's. This was different because my entree was delicious, (Philly Cheesesteak wrap). They have a bunch of wraps & burgers, (hence the name Wrap Shack). Decor was OK for a sports bar with some autographed memorabilia. I did enjoy talking with the bartender and regulars who come here at the bar. The regulars rave about the food here and keep coming back.In the mood for some standard American fare, the GF and I hopped on Grubhub and settled on the Wrap Shack. In literally less than 20 minutes, our food was delivered - how's that for speedy service?
Appetizer Sampler ($14.95)
Philly cheese steak spring rolls, chicken fingers, chips & hummus, onion rings, buffalo bites & mozzarella sticks
In the mood for some greasy goodness, we started off with the app sampler. There was a nice mix of freshly made tortilla chips - spinach and regular. These were delicious, though a bit greasy. The black bean hummus was smooth and garlicky. The onion rings were nicely battered and crispy. The buffalo chicken bites were meaty, but could be a bit more crispy. 
The chicken fingers hit the spot, with the accompanying sweet honey mustard providing the perfect dip. The cheese sticks weren't especially gooey, but it had plenty of mozz within and was nicely crisp and salty. The Philly cheese steak rolls were crisp, meaty, and cheesy. The accompanying thousand island dressing had a light spiciness to it that. Quite the sampler - regular readers know that the belly of this pig can't resist such an array.
Scott Louis Wrap ($7.95)
Chicken, bacon, cheddar, American, sautéed onions, mushrooms, blend of buffalo and BBQ sauce
I don't know who Scott Louis is, but this blend was interesting. The sweetness of the BBQ was accentuated by the slight heat from the buffalo sauce. The shredded chicken was nicely integrated with the mushrooms and the smoky bacon. Unfortunately, the tortilla wrap itself was limp and a bit wet. The wrap definitely could have benefited from being grilled on a flat top. 
Grilled Veggie Wrap ($7.75)
Broccoli, roasted red peppers, artichoke hearts, sautéed onions, portobello mushrooms, zucchini & goat cheese
The GF got the veggie wrap, which was also unfortunately way too wet. The veggies were hearty, but completely drenched the wrap. The wrap definitely needed some textural contrast. 
Unfortunately, the Wrap Shack's main attraction (read: wraps) need some overhaul. While the various ingredients may be interesting, the tortilla wraps need to be grilled in order to maintain some sort of texture.Nice atmosphere and good beer selection,  but the food is often greasy (buffalo shrimp and spring rolls) and a let down when everything else is good.BRUNCH..... UNLIMITED Mimosas... what more can you ask for? Food is great, mimosas are strong, staff is super friendly and attentive. TV's everywhere. This place brings the Funday in Sunday Funday :)Casual rittenhouse bar that has a huge menu of wraps and other bar food. Also known for their pitchers of mixed drinks.Great place! We had bloody Mary's which were very good (and I consider myself to be a Bloody Mary snob) and these were definitely tasteful. Their black bean wrap was also amazing. The bartenders were very nice! We really enjoyed ourselves!I'm not even sure how the food was because we never got served. After sitting for about 15 minutes, the waitress finally asked for our drink order. The table right next to us was sat and our waitress waited on them immediately. We never even got our ice waters. So we left.I have now had the pleasure of patronizing this place twice and my remarks will be in bullet points bc I have to start getting ready for work and time is of the essence.
-This place is your typical dive bar. 
-There are TVs with sports
-There are beers on tap
-There are pitcher specials with rum and every combination of rum and soft drink you can imagine, run about $20
-pitcher specials also include other shit like margarita and long island ice tea
-there is fucking legit-ass food here. Next to us was this broad who had ordered a quesadilla of some sort and it looked fucking DOPE. 
-I almost ordered a quesadilla, additionally the grilled cheese looked delish
-bc I'm on a diet I naturally went with the diet option of cheese fries
-fries were crispy and cheese was of the processed american type but gooey all over the fries
-i SLATHERED some franks all over that shit and shoveled it in my mouth
-it was delicious, one of my companions kept digging his fork and picking up way too big of a bite, I started getting pissed
-one companion got crab Mac & cheese, another the meat wrap, both appeared to be very satisfied 
-I want to mention again that the fries are really fucking good
I'd definitely come back if I was in the area and wanted food that will make me fatI know I should reserve 5 stars for the best of the best...but this place has been consistently delicious for the past 4 days, since I first ate here! 
it's not much to look at on the outside and that's probably why it's taken me 3 years to go inside...but Saturday night, we were looking for a quick bite to eat and Tria had a 30-45 minute wait...so despite the fact that I normally don't eat tortillas...in I went at the suggestion of my friend. 
Best decision I made all week! As a vegetarian, they have multiple options and all I can say is I'm hooked1 The portabello taco wrap on spinach is totally addictive, I'm pretty sure its the black bean hummus that seals the deal for me!   
My meat eating friends enjoyed their chicken wraps too, when we returned for lunch on Tuesday and on top of that they deliver all over the city!!! Were looking forward to going here for a happy hour, as they seem to have a fully stocked bar and reasonably priced pitchers!!!Camehere after hours for a pint...
Not being from the area, I stumbled upon this place by accident...
I was looking for a small comfortable bar where I could sit and enjoy a pint without any rowdiness or drama...
This place was it!..
The bar only sat about a dozen people and they seemed to be a sandwich shop during lunch hours, meaning that they weren't looking to be a loud college bar with a crappy band...
I sat and had a pint, and each time I neared the end of the glass, the bartender quickly and attentively checked in with me...
Yep...This is my place...Next time I'm in the area, I'll seek out this little gem...The wrap shack is a great, consistent place for lunch or  a low key dinner.  There are a variety of wraps that can meet any sort of dietary need, including some great vegetarian choices (check out the portobello mushroom, with a wonderful black bean hummus). For me, the buffalo chicken wrap is  a real winner, nice and spicy. I also enjoy the mozzarella sticks when I'm craving melting cheese. Service is friendly and prices are good.  Also a great location, right off Rittenhouse.The Wrap Shack is my go-to place when looking to grab a quick lunch & catch up with former colleagues. It's a sit-down restaurant but the service is faster than a lot of other counter lunch places (I'm looking at you Honeygrow!).
Although the Wrap Shack can get busy, I've never had to wait for a table, and they always find space for us. The staff here is super friendly and does a great job at welcoming everyone that comes in, while also promptly getting your food & drinks (and refilling drinks!). 
While I've only ever ordered the wraps & spilt a side of french fries for the table to share, I've been here enough to know anything you order will be awesome! My personal favorite is the the Thai Peanut Chicken!
If you're looking for good food, and if you need to get in & out quick, this is your place!I will write this without superlatives so you can decide who was right in this situation. Rating is solely based on experience and not the food. As you will find out I never got a chance to rate the food. 
Ordered $30 worth of food using Yelp (eat24), received confirmation email, and was told it would be 40-50 min. Called an hour later and was told the restaurant never received the order. The worker was nice and apologized but said he would put in the order right away and it would get to me in ~30 min. Okay, mistakes happen. Eat24 is down. Sure. 
Worker called me back 5 min later saying that the owner would not send out food that was not paid for. Eat24 being down, the owner did not feel comfortable sending food out when he wasn't sure he would be paid. 
Needless to say, the owner would rather me bare the brunt of losing $30 than him sending food out, most likely getting his money eventually, and perhaps getting a repeat customer. 
First time attempting to try this place so I'm not sure I will attempt again. I certainly won't be paying for food beforehand through Yelp anymore.One of my favorite spots in the city. They always have a great beer selection on tap and are decently priced for CC. Food wise, everything I've ordered has always been delicious. They're roast pork is some of the best in the city.  The atmosphere is great with a "cheers" type of feeling as I always run into a lot of regulars. The staff is great and friendly as well. I'll be a customer as long they stay open.No complaints what-so-ever!!! Excellent service, excellent food, sooo much variety!! We were trying to find a place for happy hour and stumbled upon the Wrap Shack! They have great drink specials. We had two pitchers of Long Island Iced Teas ($13.75 each!) and ordered the appetizer sampler which was perfect. They also have so many yummy veggie options--which is sometimes hard to come by. Also, they have flat screens everywhere to watch all the games. Would go back again and recommend it to anyone looking for a quick drink without the whole "crowded, rowdy" bar experience.So this place is convenient and that's the main reason I go here but ... 
They have every kind of wrap imaginable and they all have something in common = they all taste exactly the same! No matter what I order here it always tastes the same. 
In no way is the food bad, I mean its good eats but I like to taste the flavor of what I ordered! They are HUGE though and that's a plus.wow...ok so i walk by this place everyday before and after work and have been wanting to try it since my friend told me about their wraps. i was finally able to stop by tonight for the first time with some coworkers...after working all day, and then an opening event at the gallery, we decided we needed some drinks and food.
we chose to sit at the bar and were greeted by a friendly bartender. she took our orders, then came back and asked if we wanted food. she was really energetic, sweet and fun. i think her name is lauren. we ended up with a different bartender as we were finishing our food and ordering our second rounds but she was also really great. i think her name is lindsey. anyways, they were all pretty great is my point. 
one coworker ordered rum and diet cokes with grilled cheese and fries, which she enjoyed very much. other coworker ordered a southwestern chicken wrap and beer, which she also enjoyed. i ordered a couple beers and the bbq sliders. YUM! 
people are cool. bartenders are great. i will be making this place my go-to after-work happy hour/drink place! woot woot!Having tried a substantial amount of Wrap Shack's fare at this point I have to say that this place is an underrated gem. It is hard to go wrong with anything off the menu. The ingredients are always fresh and the wrap concoctions are the right mix of creative + crowd pleaser. 
While the food is consistently delicious, the service can sometimes be iffy. I've had 3-5 delivery delays/mixups. They tend to get insanely busy around lunchtime, or perhaps the staff is baked out of their minds. 
Personal faves: The Freeman, Chicken Taco, Thai Peanut PopperMMmm. For tasty, cheap, healthy wraps...go here! I got the chicken balsamic wrap. It was surprising to find mushrooms in it since I didn't expect that...but it was really delicious. The wheat wrap came toasted and warm, so that the feta melted a bit and tasted great in the midst of the chicken/balsamic/mushroom/onion combination. And! The portion was just perfect-- just enough for a filling meal. It was also really empty and the service was so quick. I will definitely come back here anytime I am in the area!A huge selection of wraps, both meat and veggie, on a variety of different flavors?  Sold.
Sure, there's nothing particularly groundbreaking about wrap sandwiches, but the menu is huge, so you'll find just about anything you are in the mood for.  I opted for the Thai Peanut wrap - filled with veggies, tofu, and yummy peanut sauce.  The tofu was a little soggy for my taste - but the wrap was definitely not skimpy on ingredients, making it well worth the price.
I'll definitely come back for more, but in the meantime, I'll give it three stars.   The smoothie and milkshake choices were tempting.You have to take this place for what it is. It's small, dark, crowded, and smells a little strange.  The food is creative and delicious and the drinks are cheap.  The service is always friendly and quick.  Could they benefit from a Swiffer and a Dyson?  YES but you only notice this if you go during the day :)I have been here twice and probably won't go back.  1st time ordered the buffalo chicken wrap, it was okay.  The tortilla was dry, and the chicken was a little funky.  The 2nd time I went I ordered the one of the vegetarian wraps, the name escapes me, it was better than the chicken wrap, but still not good enough for me to go back.I stopped in yesterday to catch the tail end of the Eagles game since Cavanaugh's was ridiculously crowded. There is something magical about a place where you can get pitchers of Jack & Ginger. The staff is super friendly and the pitchers of Jack are cheap. After splitting two pitchers of Jack, I was in need of snacks so I got bacon fries. Fries covered with cheese, bacon and ranch dressing. Sounds gross but was awesome. I mean, it was still gross in terms of the shame factor, but super tasty.Good when they want to be. Nice selection on the menu, as well as choice of craft beers. Nothing to write home about....but what's important is it will do the job.This is the scenario where I discovered Wrap Shack a year ago: Resentfully paid $15 cover to go to a lame club for a friend's bday. Needed cheap alcohol. Excused ourselves and went wandering. Came across a beacon of hope - a chalkboard sign beckoning us inside for $17 long island pitchers. And so the romance began.
IMO, there are three scenarios where Wrap Shack is a good bet:
1. When you're trying to get pretty drunk for cheap. $17 mixed drink pitchers and they make them strong. Bartenders are also really chill and friendly.
2. Grabbing a couple beers with friends before going out somewhere else. They have a good rotating draught list. It's not somewhere I'd stay for the whole night, though...maybe because it feels too cramped.
3. Lunch!! After drinking here a few times, my curiosity got the best of me and I had to try these wraps that Wrap Shack is aptly named for. Well, they're delicious! Huge, toasted, yumm...my favorite so far is the balsamic chicken.Loved the wrap shack when it had a shop in Old City. The Rittenhouse location has a bar which is nice....got a couple of beers and the buffalo chicken wrap. Perfect combination.  Very low key spot. Had a lovely time.If you don't feel like heading to Old City, or if you want to sit down at the restaurant while you eat your wrap, Wrap Shack has come to the Rittenhouse Square area!  
Just like the Old City location (truly little more than a shack), this place serves up delicious wraps.  The grilled veggie wrap was a bit of heaven, with big hunks of hearty grilled portabello mushrooms, artichoke hearts, squash, onions, broccoli.  It was wonderful.  
The location is casual, clean, and more cozy than any other fast-food place in the area.  Lots of dark wood--my guess is that it used to be a bar.
I wouldn't say Wrap Shack is a destination, but if you're looking for something fast but something delicious, this is the place.My experience of Wrap Shack is simply 'meh'. Wasn't bad, wasn't great. Not located close to me, so since my mind wasn't blown, I probably won't be back. Nothing is served with the wraps, which was a complete bummer. Not even a pickle. NOT EVEN A PICKLE!The thai peanut chicken wrap is great, as is the teriyaki chicken. I haven't tried others, but I keep eating those two.
Most recent experience: it was Cinco de Mayo, my friend and I didn't make reservations anywhere, and it was too late to get a spot in any of the traditional 'cinco' places (think: jose pistolas, starr hangouts, etc.), so we walked by the wrap shack, saw there was a bar, and that their chalkboard said something about margaritas, and we said hey, 'lets do this'
We got the traditional margarita pitcher, some DELICIOUS sweet potato fries, and had a nice long chat. The waitress was friendly, and we had a super time.
(I usually just get delivery, but if I have the time + some friends are around, I'll definitely pop in here again to hang out)I came here on a Friday night a couple weeks ago where 2 girls were working.
The one was on her phone as I was ordering drink, and they were more busy talking to themselves as opposed to the customers.
Generally speaking, I am not a complainer.  This place has decent food so the one thing that will have people coming back for more is the service. And this is not a club, so service matters on the weekends, especially.
I'm not sure if my friends and I will choose this place as a pre-game place again.Quick delivery! Food was on point. Ordered the cheese steak spring rolls. The flavors were great and the sauce was so good I saved it for another treat. I was stuffed after eating the first roll but forced myself to eat the rest because it was so yummy. Definitely worth the visit and a reorder!Pretty good wraps. Awesome buff chick salad. Don't get it delivered. It takes forever and the food is no where near the same quality.I've been in twice for lunch.  The wraps aren't amazing, but they're alright.  The service is friendly, and the prices are fair.  Not bad for quick bite if you're on the go in Center City.
---------
Update: Downgraded them from 3 stars to 2 stars because they don't honor their check-in reward for a free lager.  If you aren't going to honor your rewards, why the f^@& even offer them to begin with???Delicious. Try the buffalo chicken wrap and especially the sweet potato fries! Delicious and inexpensive. Don't listen to these snobs. It's a small bar with good wraps / bar food, relax people.Staff was super friendly, good beer selection (few ciders too!) wraps, salads, tenders and tots- all good.Wrap Shack is a bar and also has a wide selection of tasty wraps.  The Thai Peanut wrap and the Scott Louis are really good.  This is a good place to grab a quick lunch or a drunken snack with your beer.I went in for beer week this weekend and i've been wanting to try the food so i figured this would be a good time. I ordered the thai chicken wrap and my boyfriend had the chicken taco wrap. My wrap was very dry, i had to ask for a side of peanut sauce and my boyfriends was just ok, both were nothing to rave about. The beer selection was great, they had a tripple but then again it was beer week. The worst part was the bartender, the bald guy making everyone run around like crazy people. He made ignorant comments about bi-racial people and when a co-worker told him it was offensive he said he didn't care and that's just the way he is. He made a couple of us a the bar uncomfortable. i made sure to never order from him or even speak to him. I would like to try other wraps but the bartender has me thinking twice about coming back.i've always liked this place. recently they've overhauled the decor and i think they are confused about what they are trying to be. i haven't really been in there since they became a sports bar-cafe-bistro-smoothie stand but the handful of times i have been in, the prices were reasonable, the food was good and i left full. all-in-all a good spot to stop in for lunch.Had lunch here the other day.  Don't understand what the fuss is about.  The wraps don't taste good.  It's clear the ingredient quality is low.  It's not expensive, but you get what you pay for in this case.I went here with my Mom and another friend one day for lunch, and we all really enjoyed this place.  We ate in the Wrap Shack, but it's basically serve yourself.  We placed our orders at the counter, paid, and then went back to our table to wait for someone to bring our food over to us.  I got the Thai Peanut Chicken wrap on a spinach wrap, and it was really good.  It was just peanut-y and spicy enough, and I really liked that it had broccoli on it.  My mom got a yummy turkey wrap, and our friend got a tuna wrap.  Basically, the specialty is wraps, but they also have appetizers like fries and mozzarella sticks, quesadillas, salads, and smoothies.  Their wrap selection is pretty good, and it even includes breakfast wraps.   Finally, I really liked the iced tea that they sell (in bottles) because it does not have high fructose corn syrup in it.  Best of all, you can get a delicious, filling lunch for under 10 bucks!I stopped by this place for happy hour awhile back with some friends for a late lunch and I have been back more times than I can count. I've worked my way through most of their wraps and I haven't found one that hasn't been great. Liz seems to be bartending the majority of times I have stopped in and always makes us feel welcome and is positively engaging. This is a no brainer for the lunch crowd but even the happy hour and late night crew kills it. Give Wrap shack a chance. The 'NY strip steak' and 'Freeman' wraps are my favorite.Wrap Shack is probably my favorite sandwich spot in Philly. They have an easy and delicious take-out option, as well as a solid and casual dine-in option where you can sit at a table or the bar and maybe catch a game on TV. Their menu is extensive, and the majority of items are absolutely delicious (as I have tried almost everything). If you're looking for a solid sandwhich/wrap spot that's quick, easy, delicious and conveniently located - then this is your spot.Long ago, I had one of their burritos and was not terribly impressed.  Then, on a recent weekend I was back here with a friend who wanted a burrito, so I figured I'd get one, too.  
There is a large selection of burritos to try, both meat and vegetarian.  You can eat in -- at the bar or a table -- or get it to go.  I got a fajita burrito in a spinach tortilla for eating in nearby Rittenhouse.  It was tasty, with a good balance of meat, veggies, rice, beans, and sauce; the wrap was heated to have a nice hint of crunch.
The orders were cooked pretty quickly.  The bar tenders were friendly.  Prices were reasonable (about $8 for a burrito).It's a wrap on the Wrap Shack and my relationship and it only started today.  Sometimes you know when things are not going to work out.  I gave the Wrap Shack a fair shot - I didn't even have a chance to read the reviews beforehand.
Miss Aaliyah P and I set up a power lunch and we had to find a spot that took levelup.  Plan A fell through so we found ourselves at Plan B, the Wrap Shack. 
I thought I would give the Wrap Shack an easy task since I ordered the chicken caesar, an easy sandwich to make.  Aaliyah went for the buffalo shrimp with a few changes.  Our food did come out relatively quickly.  But that was the only good part about it.  The chicken caesar was super bland with maybe a dash of dressing.  I was coughing on it since it was so dry.  Luckily the waitress brought over some dressing after I flagged her down.  Aaliyah's buffalo shrimp had sauce but no substance as there was no lettuce.  We also got a side of that.  Service was ok I guess.
The worst part, their levelup was down. 
The place was packed, so obviously people like it.  Oh well.excellent wrap selections. my chicken ceasar was packed full with chicken, and i got two meals out of it. there's a solid beer selection (draft and bottles) plus you can carryout some 6packs, but i didn't really stop to examine the fridge to see what they had.
i enjoyed the service, it was laidback enough for me to not feel bugged and on a less-busy weeknight i felt comfortable to sit and chat after i ate.This place was great. I got the vegan volcano and it was so so so good definitely gotta try that one. My bf got the Thai peanut wrap and it was banging too. They run specials everyday, we went on a Monday so all the wraps were $6 plus $4 beer. The place is comfortable and it's right downtown. Love this place already.Good selection of draft specials. We ordered Tandoori Chicken Gyro. It was decent could have been better. Nice place to hangout and chill. They have happy hour from 5-7pm every weekday.Mmm, no.  Talk about death in a wrap.  Okay, so it wasn't THAT bad but I didn't like it.  I ordered the Eggplant Parm. and the eggplant was sooo overcooked.  My friend ordered the Thai Chicken and it was flavorless.  
I'm sure there are some really good wraps on the menu - it's probably just hit or miss.  I give them credit for having so many choices on the menu.  But at some point, it's better to have a few choices and prepare them really well rather than have 50 different wraps and do an okay effort.  
I'm not saying that I would never return, but I'd ask tons of questions before ordering my next wrap.  "What's your favorite wrap?  Are you sure?  Why is it your favorite?  Can you rank your top 15 wraps in ascending order?  Do you think the eggplant is overcooked?"Service was alright, but for a Philly Beer Week IPA tap list there was absolutely nothing notable. On top of that the wraps were torn and very bland. Way too much wrap for not a lot of insides. On top of that, we ordered truffle fries.  These were not a type of fries I would ever waste truffle oil on, as it seems like they were frozen to begin with.I have walked by this place a million times and finally decided to go in.  We went around 9pm on Friday night and excitedly realized IPAs were on special every Friday.  There beer selection was excellent and completely unexpected.  The variety of wraps was overwhelming.  I ordered the Chicken Fajita wrap and the boyfriend got the Chicken Pesto wrap.  We each loved our wraps and I would even call them burritos...they were huge and stuffed!  I also loved the old school rap music playing in the background.  The only downside was that the sweet potato fries were a little overpriced for how much you got, and the waitress charged me for a tiny side of honey mustard to dip them in but didn't tell me that would cost anything.We ended up here on a Thursday night and caught happy hour at the last minute and I am glad we did. The staff were very welcoming and helpful. Their menu is sooooo diverse that literally any and everyone can have a great meal. I ordered the Chloe Fried Chicken Sandwich and and it was to die for. So savory and full filling. I added a well drink for $5 dollars and I was good to go. If you're looking for quality food for an affordable price this is a great place to eat. I'm from Philly so I'll take my advice lolMy first word: Ew.
I don't what happened to this place but someone hijacked it as it crossed Broad Street and set up a second shop in Rittenhouse Square.
I gave it a final go today, and the empty restaurant at 12:30 pm on a Friday confirmed my fears: this place stinks.
First, the prices are a bit steep for what you get.  The menu and choices seem impressive, but the hidden kitchen does NOT deliver.  Wraps have a tendency to either be smothered in a bland sauce or super dry.  The contents are uninspired, a bit funky - and always super bland. 
I can't believe I've given this place at least three chances to redeem themselves - Through it all, I've experienced some wonky, grisly, tasteless chicken, pizza sauce that tasted just like tomato paste- and some questionable, wilted contents of an unknown nature.
My final word: Ick.This is a great spot to kick back with a few friends and enjoy some good drinks and sandwiches. The service was friendly and quick. I enjoy my experience with the cousin. If you're in the mood for a beer, Yuengling is a must. Get the pitcher! You won't regret it!!!My favorite haunt when visiting downtown Philly. Great wraps, wings, and they always have a long list of daily $5 specials. Very intimate and laid back atmosphere. Reasonable drink prices, too.Started out as a great place to order from and went downhill really fast.  Consistently bad food and have had wrong deliveries a few times in a row.  I find it difficult to understand why it is so difficult to deliver what is ordered.  However they do have good fries.the wraps were huge and warm and tasty. Service was attentive and quick. Go on a monday for the 5 dollar specials to maximize the value. All in all cool casual spot to grab a bite and shoot the breeze with a friend.Never would have come in here if Tria didn't have a 45 minute wait. Note to owners: you should spruce up your front door, make it look more inviting!
However, once inside, the place is very home. It has a "favorite bar" type of feel, where you might imagine the guys from Cheers coming in and the bartender knowing what your favorite drink is. Yet, with their huge selection of drafts and bottles -- that favorite drink might change! 
My friend and I were going to go to Tria, but as mentioned before the wait was too long and we were hungry. Our desire for food was appeased with their ginormous wraps. I ordered the Scott Lewis, which has chicken with bacon, cheddar, American, sautéed onions, *no mushrooms, and buffalo sauce. It was spicy and savory at the same time, a taste I was definitely looking for. My friend, being vegetarian at the time, ordered the soft-shell crab wrap and finished the entire thing. Both were huge portions, but we hadn't eaten all day so they were well deserved.
Their printed menu is huge and when you read the chalkboards behind the bar, you realize that the printed menu doesn't even list everything they offer. From beer and a full liquor selection to smoothies and double fudge brownies and everything in between -- I'd certainly stop by again if I was in the area. With lots of TVs, it would be a great place to get some wings and watch a game.It was just ok. Ordered the chicken parm and I expected breaded chicken. What I got was shredded chicken with minimal sauce. Plus, it had onions in it...weird. I didn't mind the onions though since I do like onions but since when does chicken parm have onions? Will I be back?? Maybe, we will see.It was a cold, dreary winter night and I was starving. I placed my order and patiently waited for my food to arrive. Delivery guy called, I grabbed my food and ripped my bag open in anticipation of my usual delicious order. F?&@... the blue cheese is missing. It couldn't be, I clearly remembered choosing blue cheese over ranch... Duh. I quickly called delivery guy back, no answer. I called wrack shack next and my calm demeanor slowly turned into rabid psychosis. I JUST WANTED BLUE CHEESE! While completely losing my cool, the delivery guy called back and offered to drop some off. I hung my head low in shame amidst my elation of this wonderful news. I hastily called back in order to wholeheartedly apologize for my trashy behavior. I was greeted with open arms and was immediately forgiven for my prior transgression, if only more restaurants were more understanding in situations of such dilapidated strife. Not only was my apology accepted, it was returned tenfold. 
I figured I'd give you guys another laugh :)Good atmosphere kinda small but you can buy beer to go. Had their sliders but it has to be after lunch time to get those. Chipotle burger was the best slider I had. Went here because it was closest to my hotel.Should have heeded Aria S.'s warning. Nevertheless, this place is a solid 3 stars.
Came here this past Thursday night with Anupma S. (before saying goodbye to Aria S. WAHH) for some quick dinner. The vibe was right: game was on, bar was full of people, the wait staff were smiling throughout, and the weather outside was beautiful! Only downside that was killing the vibe was the table of smokers seated besides us outside. Not tryna cough up my lungs while I eat yo!
We both got vegetarian wraps on spinach (both $8.25): thai peanut popper for Anupma S. and the vegan volcano for myself. Anupma's was pretty decent (even though she stayyy hatin' on the lump sum of carrots), and the peanut butter on there was just right. However, I was pretty disappointed with mine. Here's the description for the Vegan Volcano: tofu with our homemade black bean hummus, zucchini, carrots, sautéed onions, broccoli, lettuce & tomato. All of my veggie-loving amigos would probably drool hearing all of those ingredients coming together in one wrap. However, something wasn't right. I suspect the broccoli! As Aria S. mentioned in her review, I'm pretty at least some of the veggies were frozen. Also, the hot sauce was way too salty. Where's my sriracha at yo?! The waitress was cool, but she went MIA for most of our time there so couldn't even ask for my 'racha :(.
Overall, I blame myself for being extremely picky that night (sorry Anupma S.) by wanting to try a new place with healthy options. There's a plethora of great options nearby so definitely check them out before landing here for food. Having that said, I would still return to watch a game/maybe try some of their bar food. A-OK!The concept of this place is great, but that's about it. My boyfriend and I both ordered buffalo chicken wraps. They were literally just chicken and hot sauce wrapped up. I did get lucky and find a piece of onion. We were there on a slow week night and the service wasn't great. Needless to say, I won't be going back there.I went here once on a lunch break, and it was pretty tasty! There are a good amount of vegetarian options, ranging from your typical eggplant parm wrap to thai peanut popper. I chose the portobello taco wrap (based on the bartenders suggestion) and it was reallllly good. Like, delicious. There was this spicy black bean hummus and it made the whole wrap much heartier. The wrap was a lot bigger than I expected, which justified the price point.
The staff was as sweet as they come. The bartender kept me company throughout my meal, which was actually welcome and enjoyable. I would definitely come back here with a group, as I'm sure everyone would find a wrap to suit their tastes.
Overall good specials, good options, good service: I'd eat here again.Stopped here to watch game 4 of the Phillies. Hard to find food and a television around Rittenhouse Square (and a seat) and this place had a bunch of hard corel fans. Good sports bar crowd and friendly, efficient service. I had the thai chicken wrap. Big and tasted good. Very good value at about $7.
Tons of wrap choices and served up really quick.
Basically a bar with some food.  Not expecting anything amazing this place fit the bill.Don't get the soft shell crab. It is over-fryed so it tastes burnt and it says it has grilled shrimp but there was 2 half shrimp in the whole thing! I was soo disappointed. Staff is nice, but that's the only good thing I can say. Oh, and good tv's.This place is awesome! Came here for lunch on a recommendation from a friend. 
It is a typical bar food grunge area. Definitely eclectic and old atmosphere. We got some wraps. I got the sherri special. The wraps are huge here! Like almost chipotle big! I asked for guac and didn't get any in mine but that's okay since the honey mustard was runny it probably wouldn't have tasted that good.
Also got the fries! Oh my goodness. These are those crispy twice fried bar fries that are a little bit zesty but really crispy and delicious. I would just go back here for the fries. 
If you are looking for a "go to" place for lunch with your work buddies this is the place to go!Mean wraps and apps. The menu is huge and it varies. However with the quantity, the quality does take a bit of a hit.
However, the staff and the specials certainly help this place out. 
The servers have always been polite with me and the bartender (I believe doubles as the owner) is one of the most, if not THE most, relaxed bartender in Philly. 
Bottomless mimosas, multiple tvs to watch either Premier League or NFL games makes this a prime spot to go on Sundays. 
It is a little cramped, but that's not a big issue to me. Outdoor seating is a plus as well.
This is my favorite bar to go to for sportsTheir veggie burger is sooo good! Thoroughly enjoyed it during happy hour... $2 off sandwiches and $5 well drinks. Very fulfilling and affordable! Sit at the bar, the staff up there is really cool and helpful. Will be back to try other menu options for sure. Variety! Something for everyone.A piece of metal in my chicken! I called to tell them about it and got hung up on. not a fan.The staff on Second Street is so friendly, and truly a staple in the First Friday ballin'-on-a-budget lifestyle. 
The Rittenhouse location, not so much. They're delivery service is arbitrarily determined on how much you're spending. "15 dollars? No, you need to pick that up" was something that was actually said to me on the phone.
The size and selection of the wraps is a bit better than the Pita Pit, but the taste and service dwarfs in comparison - not to mention delivery. As a result, I've taken my business there.Only ever had Thai peanut wrap but it is damn good. The fries are crunchy and delicious and I only want to eat them forever.This place is dirty and disgusting. The clientele is the same. Don't go in here unless you want to be disappointed. Straight hood!The food is exactly what you expect within the price range. The bouncer was remarkably, bizarrely rude.I'll start by saying the people that gave this place under 3 stars clearly didn't give this place enough of a chance.
I've been going there fairly regularly for the past 6+ months because I work around the block. This place had never, ever given me one complaint. The staff is incredible, no matter what time you go in and  they remember who you are, even after being there for only a few times. They are always helpful and will give you conversation and a recommendation if you ask for it.
The food is awesome, I've tried basically everything on the menu, minus a few items, and everything I had came out perfect, piping hot, and delicious. Not to mention they have an awesome beer selection and their draft list changes almost every week, unlike some of the other bars in the Rittenhouse area.
This place is a casual bar, with awesome food, awesome staff, and a great place to watch the game and hang out on a Friday or Saturday night.I have eaten at Wrap Shack several times. I have also ordered wraps to go. I love their chicken fajita wrap. I have also had their grilles veggie salad, which was sooo good. Their food is always fresh and my order is always right (since sometimes I remove some ingredients).  If wrap shack were closer to where I live, I would defenitly order it more often.Everyone needs to go here. They have literally all the food you could ever want, and it's really good. I had a buffalo chicken salad and my friend had Philly cheesesteak spring rolls. Wish we were more hungry bc there was a lot of other things we wanted to try! It looks like a standard pub inside - wood decor but super warm and friendly atmosphere.This is, by far, the WORST place I have ever eaten.
We walked in, it smelled like dirty bathroom and clorox. The table was sticky with left over grime (the waitress never offered to clean it). The food was hardly edible, soggy, overcooked, and seasoned with pre-made, pre-packaged sauces and nothing else. The only thing that made this place tolerable were the few beers they carried.
Needless to say, I will not be returning and please save yourself the trouble of being grossed out.I've been here for lunch a few times.  There are an overwhelming number of options for a wrap, plus some other food items as well.  I've tried a few different things, and the food is always decent, but doesn't wow me.  The wraps are pretty large, a good option if you want to get two meals out of one.  I think the chipotle ranch is my favorite, but I also like their grilled cheese.Picked up a wrap on two separate occasions during lunch hour....the veggie one which was really good, and the buffalo chicken wrap, which was yummy. The wraps were really big and packed full. I am definitely a fan and will keep trying different wraps because they have so many to choose from! 
And I went here because they accept levelup, I'm working towards getting a $10 credit here!Surprisingly healthy foods along with the traditional bar bites one would expect. Highly recommend the Spinach/Pear/Goat Cheese Salad with Candied Walnuts. Their Sweet Potato Fries are great (ask for a side of Honey Mustard Sauce, if you'd like). Excellent smoothies of all kinds, both healthy (Chocolate Protein/Peanut Butter/Banana) too decadent (made with Ice Cream). Best of all, they delivered to the Embassy Suites where I was staying! All GREAT!!! (Tip: Easy to order via Delivery.com phone app!)THE WORST EXPERIENCE EVER! I live in NY and had a client meeting in PA, and ordered online from Wrap Shack to cater this meeting a few days prior. First of all, they completely forgot about the order when the day arrived. 12:30 rolls around, and lunch has not yet arrived. I call them up -- they did not have any record of my order being placed, but assured they would get it out in 20 minutes. 30 minutes rolls around -- I get a call that their delivery guy is ON BIKE and realized that the destination is out of their delivery boundaries. YOU ARE JUST REALIZING THIS NOW!? I hung up, frantic to place a quick catering order in time for my client meeting. I emailed them three times the next day to please issue me a refund -- to no avail. I called them on the phone just to be given the run around about waiting for a manager to come in. I got hung up on once as well. When I finally got in touch with the manager, he was so unbelievably incompetent and so unprofessional and blamed me for not knowing the PA delivery boundaries, and for their website flaws that did not pick this up in the first place. Currently fighting this charge with American Express. BEWARE.Great selection of beer and wraps... what more could you ask for?  $10 pitcher specials!  This is a place that we tend to go to hang out with the hipster and quench our thirst/palettes simultaneously.  Love the wrap shack!This place rocks. Anywhere that can successfully combine fresh ingredients, generous portions, and alcohol has me sold! Cool atmosphere and great for lunch or dinner. Plus, they have a solid Yelp deal of buy one, get one free beer. Now that's not something you find everyday.Ordered delivery and it was very quick.  Driver was very nice.  I got the taco salad and it had a good amount of chicken with all the fixins of a taco that tasted great.  I will be ordering from here again.Great place for a beer in the afternoon, I enjoy theoutdoor seating. Wish they had NFL season ticket!On a random night in Philly coming back from Terror Behind the Walls, my friends and I took a taxi to the hookah lounge we were about to go to. But we were extremely hungry and the Wrap Shack was the closest place near us at the moment. 
Well...best decision ever! Because their food was absolutely delicious, and their drinks were equally amazing. It looked like one of those small bars you see in shows and movies. But anyways, I got an Eggplant Parmesan Wrap and they heat it up so it was really yummy. Def would love to go back and try the other menu items!I went here on a Saturday afternoon with a friend to get a wrap for lunch.  There were a lot of special wraps for the day as well as a full menu to choose from.  For $9.95 you can make a custom wrap with whatever you want on it.
The service was great.  When I asked for a recommendation, I got several ideas plus the favorite additions to some of the basic wraps.  Needless to say, I was very pleased with the service.  
When I got my wrap, I was not as happy and found the tortilla to be dry and the contents to be mediocre.  My friend really enjoyed hers, so I am just going to say that mine was a fluke.
They also offer smoothies, I didn't get one, but I tried a sample.  It was... tres bad.  The ice was not ground fine enough, the flavor was watery and indiscernible.  Perhaps it was just my day, but, seeing as how smoothies are their secondary good for sale, I think it would be a good idea if the management sits down and considers the portioning of their smoothie mixtures before they sell any more to the public.
I probably won't go back here because I was not pleased with what I got, but there appears to be some very other happy customers and this business has two locations in Philadelphia.  Therefore, I have reason to believe that they're doing something right.  (...I think also I don't really like cold wraps that much.  I like burritos because the tortillas are steamed.)Ordered lunch from here for a work filled Saturday. 
Food was great!! The lamb gyro was on point and I had a green smoothie that was deeeeelish.  They only get three stars because delivery took an hour,  but that's because they are one of the few places open for delivery on a Saturday during snowy weather so I won't knock 'em on that as they were understandably busy.  Three stars is also because they forgot to put chicken on my boss' salad. No bueno! I'd give this place another chance to become my go-to for work though . We shall meet again,  wrap shack.I got a turkey salad wrap and a taco salad from them. The wrap was fresh and tasty. The salad was just ok,  cold fried breaded chicken and iceberg lettuce. Needed a bit of spicing up. But they were ready on time and the wrap was certainly the business.I ordered the chicken fajita wrap for pickup. The lettuce was warm and limp (I'm pretty sure it was cooked, which is the worst thing to do to lettuce). I asked for hot sauce and didn't get it. I paid extra for guacamole that was brown and flavorless. The chicken was gristly, which was the worst part because after gagging on a piece of cartilage I had to go through the thing and pick out half the meat. I couldn't even finish it.. I'm disappointed that I spent close to $15 for this and I'm still hungry. The only reason I'm giving this 2 stars instead of 1 is because the staff were very nice when I came to pick up my order.Philly jalapeño is amazing. Good price on beers. Great place to watch football games on Sunday. Will be there next time I am in Philly.3.5 Yelps.  IDK why the wrap shack gets so much hate. People either love it or hate it.  Ive never been in there but they deliver so thats my review.  Decent wraps, always hot... and the best damn mozz sticks around... I always order there shrimp burrito.. its good, not to spicy.A little bit of a hidden gem, the wraps are incredible and discounted on Monday. Grab a beer while waiting.Ordered wings delivery. Wings were cold, light on the sauce and not crispy at all!! Don't get food from here.Any place in Center City that will deliver out to my office in University City ranks pretty high in my book!  We had a birthday / going away lunch today and ordered wraps, salads, and fries.  
Wraps - Thai Peanut Chicken Wrap, Cheesesteak Wrap, Garden Wrap, Buffalo-Chicken Wrap
Salads - Shrimp Caesar, Buffalo-Chicken 
Fries - **I didn't eat these by my co-workers raved about them ** Triple Cheese and Bacon Fries
Oh and the wraps, you can get wheat, white, tomato, and spinach.  The wheat were my favorite!  It's a great spot for lunch!Hands down--delicious wraps. Lots of vegetarian options. Grilled veggie wrap is pretty damn amazing.
They also have a full bar--which yo would never know from walking by.
Summing it up: YUM.Best people watching while we waited for delicious Philly cheesesteak sandwiches and definitely get the tater tots! Great friendly service from Syeda, who packed up our food while lounging in comfy air conditioning. Great central location and we will be back the next time we are in Philly!This is one of my favorite midnight snack places - the kitchen is open so late! I've only had take out here and the service is very fast (10-15 min wait time). I recommend the gyro or the chicken fajita wrap.Decent appetizers and smoothies. The app sampler really hit the spot and was enough for 2 people to share for sure! Would order againHonestly, for the price of the traditional Cesar salad, they could have at least used real shredded Parmesan cheese. The dressing was good.Never thought a place called Wrap Shack, which is also a bar, would have great grilled cheese.  I was confused, but enjoyed the food, so that's all that really matters.
I ordered the grilled cheese and tater tots, a side salad, and a double chocolate brownie. (I had to add something extra to get my discount on Eatstreet.) :)
The grilled cheese was fabulous.  Thick slices of bread, toasted but soft, and tasted buttery.  The tater tots were okay.  Not amazing, but not bad.  But that sandwich!
The side salad was fine, bigger than I thought it would be, so that was a great surprise.  The brownie was delicious.  Chocolate with chocolate chips?  Sounds good to me.The Wrap Shack menu features tons of sandwiches, plus a decent amount of bottled beers, salads, smoothies, and appetizers.  The wraps themselves average about $8 each, but they are huge.  I usually go for the vegan volcano wrap with homemade black bean hummus for the win.  The chicken taco is good, as well, and my brother likes the cheeseteak wrap when he comes up to see me.  They also have drink specials and live music on the weekends.  When I have visitors come into the city for a few days, I inevitably take them here because they'll get a lot of bang for their buck.  Use LevelUp and get the discount when you stop in!Not thrilled. The wraps are quite large, but not that tasty. Chicken Caesar was sub par. The Thai peanut chicken wrap made me gag, so bad. I wouldn't recommend the place. They are always hiring as well. In the years I've been in Philadelphia I've walked by and there are people in an out but I think it's a convenience factor because of the location.This place is as good as it gets. For starters $15 for a pitcher of captain and coke, anywhere else in the city would destroy your wallet. On top of that the wraps were delicious. The tortillas used are so warm. The onion rings were great as well, they were actual onion rings as opposed to other locations that give you those microwavable ones. I will definitely look forward to my next visitI gave this place 2 stars because it looks like a cool place to drink..but the wraps were strugglinggg.  I had the cheesburger wrap which I asked for medium and came out well done.  The tortilla tasted like it had been left out for 2 days, and the actual wrap wasn't really wrapped, it was barely held together.  They also don't cut the wrap in half which is somewhat annoying..I could have done the cutting myself..but my waitress didn't give us any silverware.  My bf got some type of chicken wrap..the chicken was very dry and didn't really taste like anything.  Tortilla also tasted like it sat out for 2 days.  They need one of those  tortilla steamers Qdoba has!  
Would maybe recommend for beer but not food.I honestly don't write reviews much but I had to for this. My friend and I ordered two wraps and an order of fries and we couldn't eat any of it. I mean had to literally throw $33 of food away. My friend said her wrap tasted like cleaning supplies. Mine was so soggy I couldn't even pick it up. The fries were tasteless and soggy and couldn't eat more than one. Bummer. Major waste of money. I can't recommend this place to anyone. Beware! Again, first time ever had to throw away all of the food.Great food - TONS of veggie options. Won't burn a hole in your wallet, either.
I like their long island pitchers for 15 bucks.  Can't really go wrong.
Wrap Shack has a really chill, unassuming attitude.  Definitely a good place to watch the game or just hang out with a bunch of friends.I love a good wrap and this place delivers some of the BEST that I've had. Lunch time can be a bit busy but I would suggest going after 1pm, after the rush.To be fair this review is strictly based on delivery. This place/delivery option is perfect for when you don't want to put on real pants and be around humanity. Super fast delivery, to your door (not calling you from the corner with their car running). Items consistently arrive hot and delicious. Menu is awesome, something for every craving- and it's fresh. Highly recommend buffalo chicken wrap and sweet potato fries!5 stars for the bartenders Allarra and Ana. Food 1 star. Roll could not hold up to a dry cheesesteak and tasted terrible. Also don't show slightly grilled rolls if you don't consistently serve them that way. Smelly too. Nice bartenders.Wrap Shack is awesome, seriously. It is a hidden gem in this area. I live a few blocks away and didn't realize it existed until Philly Beer Week. The staff is friendly and the place is never empty yet never rowdy. The cheese steak wrap is one of the best (and a healthy way to enjoy a Philly Cheese Steak). Drinks are great and they always run specials. Mixed drinks tend to be strong and made to order. Def. going to make this my "Cheers" bar.I had a meatball wrap with an egg on it and it was good. Kind of weird eating it in a wrap, but the meatballs and the sauce were flavorful. I wish the egg was not so well done and the meatballs weren't so huge. Every time I took a bite the meatballs would kind of squeeze out of the wrap. My boyfriend had the buffalo chicken wrap, which he said was quite spicy, but still tasty. The best part of our delivered order though was definitely the fried Oreos. YES, they deliver fried Oreos. That alone definitely brought my rating up to four stars. So good! Not many places deliver fried Oreos. Plus they had a chocolate dipping sauce with it. Definitely give this place a try and definitely get some fried Oreos. I will definitely be ordering again soon.Wrap Shack is an American-style kitchen and bar with locations in Rittenhouse and Midtown Village, Philadelphia. With signature wraps and sandwiches, snacks and apps, and a rotating selection of bottles, drafts, and cocktails. 
I didn't try any of the food, just wanted to stop in and have a drink and rest for a little bit from all the walking I had been doing.
The bartender was super friendly and the place has a neighborhood type feel and the customers engaged each other as well. I caught up on a little sports news and would definitely come back to try the wraps.I am very disappointed with this place.  I've gone here on a few occasions and the service was not good, they've messed up orders, once they didn't even put my take out order in the computer so we had to wait around, but they've been apologetic for the mistakes.   But my last visit a week and a half ago was the worst.  I called in an order for take out, picked it up and went home.  At that point we realized that one of the wraps was completely wrong, I ordered a Buffalo chicken wrap and was given a BBQ wrap.  I don't like bbq sauce and didn't eat the wrap.  I tried reaching them 3 times (1 call and 2 emails) and haven't gotten a response of any kind AT ALL.  This is horrible customer service, they got my money so that's all they care about.  I will not be going back there ever again.I am as upset at myself as I am at the Wrap Shack right now.  I should have turned around and walked out as soon as I entered and saw the group of Managers sitting at one of the tables during the lull having some sort of brainstorming session.  Anyone who's ever worked in (or eaten in) a restaurant knows this is a bad sign.  
A)  There's no one minding the shop so to speak.  
B)  It's a sure sign that there is:
   B(1)  Time to sit around brainstorming
   B(2)  A need to sit around brainstorming
More on my errors below but here's what you really need to know.  I came in here specifically for the Buffalo Shrimp wrap because the last time I had it, it was absolutely delicious.  This time, it would have been great but the main ingredient had issues.  I am pretty sure it was just old fryer oil and bad batter, not bad shrimp, but I am withholding judgment until after I make it through tonight without several trips to the head.  I really do think the shrimp was ok but after detecting something odd about the taste, I investigated closely, removing a piece and separating it from everything else in the wrap.  The color was not what I expected.  The batter was dark brown, almost grayish in color, not the golden brown to orange I expected.  It was also way too thick for something advertised as "lightly battered" and not crispy.  I stopped eating at that point.
My second mistake was not asking more questions.  I ordered one pint and finished it.  No one mentioned a special.  When I ordered the next one, the bartender asked if I wanted the special, a 23oz for $5.75. I started to ask how much the pint was but cut her off before she could answer, deciding I didn't want that much more beer either way.  When the bill came, I was shocked that my pints were $7.00 each.  When queried, the bartender said "well, I offered you the special."  True but had she said "just so you know, you can have twice as much beer for less money if you get the special, I may have made a different decision.  I don't understand the secrecy here nor the policy.  Ok, if you want to offer more beer for hardly any more money, great.  Hell, if you want to offer more beer for the same price, Ok.  But how do you justify selling me less beer for more money?  What kind of world do we live in when it is not completely and utterly obvious that you should just ring me up for two specials when you print the check?
In fairness, when I asked to speak to the manager, and the bartender collected him from the table behind me (see above), he aplogized and gave me $3.00 off which I consider perfectly fair in this case (I had decided to forego the whole green/gray shrimp issue).
Maybe I should give the place one more chance because the first experience was so good, but I probably won't.
Keep brainstorming Wrap ShackI don't understand  the negative reviews for this place. Each time I have been here, it is always a good time. The staff is always friendly as are the patrons. The food is decent and meets expectations for a bar called Wrap Shack. 
I have to call out the outstanding customer service and the overall welcoming feeling I get each time I am here. Great neighborhood bar
Hats off to the crew   They're all good people. I will be back again for sureWhile staying at a hotel around the corner I bumped into Wrap Shack after seeing their Happy Hour specials listed outside, $4/$5 drinks, yes ma'am.  I sat at the bar and was greeted by a few bartenders. All of the bartenders here were soooo friendly, attentive and down-to-earth. They made me feel so welcomed while trying new spots alone. Service: 5/5
On to the food! I decided to try the bartenders recommendation, (I'm so indecisive so I usually go with an employees choice when I'm hopeless) Cajun shrimp tacosssss! Omg yumm, The tortillas have an amazing seasoning on them adding more flavor to the dish which i couldn't get enough of! For $11 I got 3 amazing tacos filled with nicely seasoned shrimp, diced veggies and a nice sauce. Tacos: 5/5
The drinks were good too, the bartender had a heavy pour and somehow got me to buy 4 drinks, gahhh!
If you're in the area be sure to stop by! It was a full house and I felt so well attended to, check them out!!This is a great place to sit with co-workers and complain about work and the more general problem of the Void on Monday morning.  That's the day they do $5 wrap specials.  It's even better with beer, but then you have to watch the entrance out of the corner of your eye to make sure that the boss doesn't catch you breaking company policy.  Or one of his little tentacles, always on the lookout for evidence of someone in the office's wrongdoing.  What is with those little snitches?  It's not like they are going to get a promotion.  Don't they see that the boss is trying to turn us against each other to stifle anything resembling class consciousness?  A single arrow is easily broken, but not ten in a bundle.  This is why we can't have a young professional's union.  Don't kids understand that if we had a union, we wouldn't have to wear business casual anymore?  It's something to consider.
And why can't you drink on the job anyway?  Honestly, I don't have an alcohol problem....I'm just trying to take the edge off a little. 
I've had a few of the wraps here, but I usually go with the Thai Peanut Chicken wrap or the Scott Louis on spinach.  For the record, I have no idea who Scott Louis is.  I asked the bartender once and she said that it was the owner, but I looked up the owner of the Wrap Shack online and his last name wasn't Louis.  Maybe Louis is his middle name.  I'm okay with the name being a mystery.  But really, Scott Louis sounds like the name of a forgotten Philly boxer who once took Ali to 8 rounds in the prime of his career.  That's who I imagine I am honoring with this hot tortilla stuffed with cheese, chicken, and a blend of BBQ/Buffalo sauce.  Who even came up with that?  Ali is down.  Scott Louis helped me get to the place I am today: 185 pounds.
If you do decide to order a beer, just make sure you also order a water so on the off-chance that the boss or one of his lapdogs comes into the Wrap Shack to ruin your lunch hour and small talk, you can always push the beer off to the side and feign ignorance.  That's what we call a power move.I am writing an update because after I wrote a negative review the owner reached out and contacted me directly. We had a long talk on the phone where he asked detailed questions about my experience and had me run through how everything had played out. He also mentioned that he had asked his staff about the mix up too and got their side of things before calling me. 
He listened to everything that I had to say. He gave some explanations but didn't try to blow me off with excuses. It was immediately apparent that the owner of this restaurant cares very deeply about the experience of his customers and the reputation of his business. 
He was reasonable, professional, and really open to feedback. I don't think that you could ask for more.Best wraps ever!! So crunchy and hot! Absolutely awesome! Waiters were fun too! Must try!We ate there because we needed to eat at 12am and it was the only place that served food around. The service was nice but wraps are awful. The chicken felt like they microwaved and the bread was not good at all. Other ingredients were really bad as well. Order from Dominos instead of eating thereLet me begin with why i came here in the first place, MARGARITA PITCHERS fo'cheap -  $18-$20. why not?  While slurping those delicious beasts down i pigged out on their wrap menu. I believe the quality of the wraps i have had, buffalo chicken, philly cheesesteak jalapeno, and most recently the GYRO are amazing. Perfectly seasoned and served HOT!
Different atmosphere than your average rittenhouse square stop, which sets this little gem up for success. The rittenhouse area is, in my opinion, the SOHO district of Philadelphia; great shops, museums, fashion, real estate and your restaurants, and Wrap Shack is rocking out with niche. 
Look for it people, your missing out on everything this small gem has to offer. 
Will be back, keep it up.Until yesterday I was all about going to the wrap shack for awesome wraps and a relatively quick bite to eat...
I went here during the afternoon lunch rush and expected to wait a little while for my wrap. Once I waited in line to order, there's very little room to stand to wait for them to bring out my to-go order and had to keep moving out of the way of other people and staff. I waited for about 15 minutes and saw that people who ordered after me were getting their wraps but mine was no where in sight. Once three people who ordered after me got their wraps and I was the only person left, they asked me what I ordered and checked in the back with NO record of my order at all :(
They took my order again and came out about 3 minutes later with my wrap and only "sorry we were busy". OK but did I get compensated for my wasted time?! A bag of chips, a soda, anything? Nope!
So, I left upset and not even wanting the wrap and it would have been delicious had I not have to scarf it down before my meeting since the time I anticipated it taking, doubled.The Buffalo chicken wrap is magnific, but the Buffalo spring rolls... don't bite your fingers. A small bar you can just chill out, take a date, or unwind by yourself. Great customer service.Dope!!  We were looking for a small spot and this was perfect.  I got the Thai peanut chicken wrap which was delicious and my boy got the Scott Louis wrap which he loved.  Very friendly wait staff.  My boy got a beer.  It was perfect for what we wanted.  Nothing crazy expensive but not fast food.  I'd definitely go back.Why I love this place:
1- Full bar
2- but it's not crowded and rarely are there d-bags that ruin your meal with rowdy d-bag shouting
3- Buffalo chicken wrap and sweet potato fries
4- Our first time there, the waitress gave us four "buy one beer get one free" coupons
5- Nobody looks at you like you're insane if you order a sour apple martini (seriously, Philly, get with it!)Do yourself a favor and don't look back/ Order the breaded buffalo chicken wrap/ do it on whole wheat if it makes you feel better/ Pair it with a shake: they are birds of a feather./ I will admit the place is a bit of a dive/ you might find the vibe a bit contrived/ but when it comes to happy hour, grab a chair/ I can't think of a better priced menu in Rittenhouse Square.Wrap Shack has become one of our favorite bars for a chill night out and I would definitely recommend giving it a try! The wraps are pretty good, my favorite is the Chicken Fajita wrap with sweet potato fries. They also have $15 mixed drink pitcher's talking Jack and Coke, Long Island Iced Tea, etc. On top of all that, if you check in on FB they give you a free beer!Delivered in under half an hour!  Huge wraps - chicken fajita was awesome, possibly more accurately classified as a burrito.  I asked for no raw onions and they got it right!I heart the Wrap Shack. Their seafood wraps rule as does the Portabello Taco wrap.  The ingredients are really fresh, every wrap made to order and I have never had a wrap here I didn't like.  I think the prices are a bit steep though. If everything was about 3 dollars less, I'd live on this food;)Great laid back bar close to Dandelion. We went during summer sips, so there was $3 lager, $3 fries and $5 buffalo chicken bites. It's a smaller bar that definitely seemed a bit more low key. Very enjoyable.So you fancy yourself a bar, eh, Wrap Shack? 
Nice move there buddy - that strip on 18th street desperately needed a super casual bar with affordable, decent pints and pitchers that wasn't Raven Lounge or Cavanaugh's. 
Not too shabby.  A good place to hit up for Happy Hour with a group - but never a place where one lingers too long.  Watch a bit of the game on one of their two big screens, enjoy the surprisingly good live music they sometimes have (often just a person and their guueeetar) and blow off a bit of a steam.  Their draught menu is pretty well rounded, and their beer specials are always a great deal.
Moreover, by the recent reviews on here, it appears as though the menu is worth a revisit - even though three years ago, after repeated tries, I found the wraps here to be nearly inedible.  Establishments can change and so can recipes.  I hope that's the case.  Stay tuned.I'm writing this review for the chicken wings at Wrap Shack.  The wings here are the best I've been able to find in Philly.  They're simple no frills chicken wings -- unbreaded, side of celery and blue cheese and a few different sauce options.  The skin is nice and crispy and they're a good size, not too big and not too small.
It's nice to be able to find traditional buffalo-style wings like these in a world where most restaurants now offer wings, however they've gone through some bourgeoisieification -- like making them "Korean" or finishing them on a grill, or serving them inside of a conch shell.
Don't change Wrap Shack!Was staying at Club Quarters down the street on business, and needed a quick bite. Stopped in for a beer and a wrap. Monday night special was any chicken wrap for $7 as opposed to $9.25. Got a Thai Chicken Wrap that was huge and loaded with Chicken, Lettuce, and Broccoli. Highlight of the wrap was how it was perfectly toasted to give the wrap itself a little crunch and their homemade peanut sauce was the bomb. 
Menu is vast and what I really liked was that the wraps were based on classic combinations but each one had a unique ingredient or two to make them special.If I could give this place zero stars, I could. This is by far, the worst meal I have had in Philadelphia. Not only were the tacos overly seasoned with spice  (it tasted like someone dimples an entire bottle of chili powder on a bunch if lettuce, tomatoes and onions) and overlooked to the point that the contents had coagulated and stuck to the tortilla, my milkshake was lumpy, lukewarm and spilled all over (which the delivery guy did not even acknowledge when we pointed this out to him - I don't know what he was doing that would have caused the contents to end up in such a sorry state, but we live less than a 10 minute walk away and it was neither hailing nor thunder storming. The entire meal was a waste of money and time. Never again. I'm still nauseous as I write this.Stopped in here on a lunch break to pick up a wrap.  I went with the thai chicken on a spinach wrap.  
If you check in with yelp, you get a free Lager or Bud!  It was a pleasant surprise while waiting for my wrap and my to-go order was ready before I could get halfway through it.  Quick service!
The wrap was pretty good, but I found the thai peanut sauce to be very bland.  I liked that the chicken was shredded, so there were no chunks falling out of it.  It was an okay meal for $10.  I am definitely interested to try other wraps in hopes that their sauces aren't so bland.Ok, first let me say before you read.. I;m DRUNK. because of this place. 15 dollar pitcher mixed drinks. captain and coke, you would think would be weak. no. no no. its like 50 liquor 50 soda. and the bartenders are really nice. 
unfortunately i can't remember what the specialty drinks were. the one i ordered tasted  "like a sorority threw up in my mouth" (really sweet, yet very strong) the other one we had was yummier but i can't remember the name, but it had soco and pineapple juice in it.
Thank you wrap shack for getting me trashed on a budget. see you tomorrow?Ordered the buffalo chicken wrap and truffle fries off of grubhub. The fries were soggy and cold, and the wrap wasn't even cut in half. It completely fell apart as well and was drenched in bleu cheese dressing. Would not recommend or order again.I love the wrap shack. As a vegetarian, going out to bars for food often means suffering though a veggie burger (Monks excluded, theirs is amazing). Discovering the Thai peanut popper wrap was great, one of the best wraps I've ever had, and only $5 on Mondays, plus 2 for 1 beer specials.I ducked into this place as it started raining this afternoon and was  pleasantly surprised. They have an amazing list of speciality drinks as well as  non-alcoholic drinks. Mango drinks, coconut drinks even a pitcher of captain and coke. Beer specials galore, like 2 for $5 or 2 for 7, depending upon what you get. 
Their name is wrap shack and they have dozens of good looking choices which I'll have to try next time. I had the  fish tacos off the special menu. They were excellent. The salsa was unique, not spicy but very favorable. The tilapia was cooked to perfection. 
They're  about a block from the park just before you get to DiBruno's.This was my favorite place for lunch when I worked downtown. I'm vegetarian so I can only vouch for the meatless wraps, but I never had a wrap I didn't like. Thai peanut popper and vegan volcano were my two faves though. The wraps are huge and I never needed a side to go with it. It gets crowded during lunch time, but they are usually pretty fast with carryout orders.
There's a $5 lunch special on Mondays fyi.I'm in from out of town, in need of a meal, a break from walking all morning, and (hopeful for) someplace to charge my phone. I walk in to another pub down the street and am not greeted or looked at for seven minutes. Even accounting for a busy lunch rush (which it wasn't) or being short staffed (it wasn't), I was out. I walk down the street and see Wrap Shack-- I figure I'll give it a shot. 
The second I step into the place I'm greeted warmly by the female bartender (Lizzie), and a moment later by her male counterpart (Michael.) Motown music was playing, nice wooden bar setup, folks chatting and toasting each other, a different show on every tv, the space is cozy yet spacious, and I feel comfortable and welcome immediately. 
I ask if there's an available plug and Lizzie doesn't bat an eye, plugs it in behind the bar. The menu is full of delicious options, from Thai Peanut Chicken wraps, Avocado Chopped Salad, Mac and cheese, tots, comfort food for days with options for the health conscious. I order the Sweet Potato Tots, while at $5.75 are more expensive than the average bar snack, until you factor a) in that they make them from scratch, and b) they are really tasty. 
Michael and Lizzie treat every guest like they are longstanding regulars-- offering cheers, well wishes, recommendations and warm conversations. Michael asked where I was from and we engaged in a detailed conversation on KC barbecue-- a quick way to my heart. 
If I lived in this city, I'd probably be a regular here, for the delicious food, great music and atmosphere-- but ESPECIALLY for the service I was not expecting and am so grateful for. Cheers!I was in philly for a night, so I decided to check out food spots that were near my hotel. The wrap shack came up on my feed, so I decided to go since I just wanted to have some food, beers, and time to chill out. Small place with a friendly staff and great food! I had there philly cheesesteak egg rolls with spicy chipotle which was out of this world, and loaded tater tots! They have a great craft beer selection, if you're into ipa's. Waitress kept checking in on us to make sure we were satisfied. If I'm in the area again, I'll be coming back!If you're looking for an awesome wrap for lunch, or a low key spot to catch a game in center city, this is your place! There are about 15 spots at the bar, and seating for about 30. I have never seen the place jam packed and never had to wait for a seat.  The prices are very reasonable and they have great happy hour specials. They also have like six TVs for the games. The servers are always really cool and attentive. They have a ton of different wraps, from chicken parm to roast beef. The wraps are a pretty good nice too. They also have non-wrap choices. Overall, this is just a chill and laid back spot with good food and great drink specials. You can't go wrong!Had dinner at the Wrap Shack last night. Eh. It was fine, nothing special. I'm not compelled to go back but I wouldn't put up a fuss if someone else wanted to. 
Food: The wraps were tasty enough (although the meat wraps are almost entirely meat, without lettuce/tomato/etc.), the fries were awesome. 
Service: Friendly but slooooow - we were literally the only people in there and nevertheless it took our waitress 15 minutes to "go get her notepad" (I should point out that this is a small place; we could see her the entire time. She went up to the bar, stood around at the register. Maybe answered the phone? Don't know exactly what she was doing but I got the impression she forgot about us.) Fries came out more five minutes after the wraps.I have been hitting the Wrap Shack regularly for about a year now and have tried numerous items on the extensive menu.  Quite a few are creative, always served warm and suprisingly fresh and tasty.   With any selection, you get the choice of tomato, spinach, whole wheat, etc wrap...
The place is not large, but does now have a liquor license if you are so inclined...and prepares the wraps very promptly if you are in a rush...
These are a great alternative to the Qdoba chain, particularly if you are looking for more options...
My favorites are the chicken taco wrap (made spicy), the buffalo chicken (better to eat this one there as it can get messy) and the Thai Peanut...i have been here a couple times and never had a chance to write a review.  This place has a casual attitude about it and easy going atmosphere.  
I've had two wraps here.  First I had the Grilled Veggie Wrap w/ broccoli, roasted red peppers, artichoke hearts, sautéed onions, portobello mushrooms, zucchini & goat cheese. YUMMMMM! the second time i came back with two friends and one got the Thai Peanut Chicken ( I didn't try this, but ive had their Thai chicken salad- another win!!) and I got the Chicken Taco wrap. This came with pepper jack & cheddar & awesome black bean hummus, lettuce and tomatoes.  Their black bean hummus is made in house and was so creamy and packed full of flavor.  Food comes out quickly so its a great place for a quick lunch in the city and a nice break to the work day.  I didn't drink during my lunch hour (i'd like to keep my job) but there is a full bar and so having the option is nice!! 
To all my fellow wrap lovers, this place is for you.  Menu is huge and I wasn't disappointed.
Oh wait, one complaint - the bathroom smells like the urine infested stairwell in Market East station.  Thank god for antibacterial handsoap. Please, wrapshack, make this go away.When you live in the Rittenhouse Sq area -- you need some go-to places for lunch that are not going to drain you of your hard earned cash.
I consider Wrap Shack one of these find establishments. Huge menu with lots of selection. I have had a few of their wraps and they have all satisfied my hunger within my lunch budget.
While I have only been here during the lunchtime hours, I can only gleefully appreciate that they have a full bar. How tempting at lunch!?
Looking forward to making the trek over pre-ince ince ince for a snack and to get my pre-game drink on.100% my favorite bar in Philadelphia and while the food and beer are both great, it's mostly because of the awesome people. The bar attracts a diverse, but friendly crowd, and the staff are the very very best. For a non-Philly native, Wrap Shack always feels like home. Highly recommend to watch a game with a group or on your own. I have yet to try the infamous LIT pitcher, but it's on my bucket list.Id call The Wrap Shack fast food with better ingredients. On the plus side, the food comes out hot and fresh. They have great vegetarian options, the vegan volcano is my staple. It is a large wrap filled with veggies and black bean hummus, yum. The reason this joint is only worthy of three stars has to do with their salad preparations. *stick with a wrap and you'll go far* However, the salads use the same cooked ingredients as the wraps, aka not fresh veggies and cooked in heavy butter. I've tried the thai chicken popper, spicy but wet with butter. 
The owner happens to be nice, he is normally around and seems happy to suggestions.  I once told him to create a wrap "mexican style" with guac and black beans.  His attentive attitude makes me hope for a successful business.  The new liquor license is a positive. Let's see where this shack with wraps goes.On a weeknight, the Wrap Shack is a quiet bar that serves up a very mixed menu of wraps and salads, a handful of drink specials, and excellent service. I guess they have live music sometimes, because the last time I was here, I was part of an exclusive (read: small and uninterested) audience for a guy with a guitar who sang cover songs way off-key. I felt bad for the guy and kind of wanted to give him a sympathetic hug before I left.
I can't review much about Wrap Shack because I only ever order the Thai Peanut Chicken wrap or salad - chicken, broccoli, lettuce, peanuts, and peanut sauce heaped together to form a filling and delicious meal. The peanut sauce is very peanut butter-y and not spicy at all, which is exactly what I want out of my peanut sauce. I am never disappointed.
The place is hopping at lunchtime, and if you're going to take out your meal, I would recommend calling ahead. They also take LevelUp!Went here for takeout last night, was not disappointed. Me and my girlfriend got a whole bunch of things. The Freeman wrap, bacon fries, and Oreo milkshake were great! The brownie was great but takes 20 minutes-be warned! Philly Cheesesteak spring rolls were great, but there were only 3 for $7.95. Buffalo chicken wrap was good: nothing wrong with it, just not as tasty as everything else.
Overall great! The bacon fries are seriously a must-have here!
Also their menu is larger than what's listed on yelp, fyiI gotta say the service was great. I even got help with charging my cell phone. But all I had to order was the veggie spring rolls, and less than an hour later my tummy was a mess. I was up until 6am with pain and nausea. I even had my boyfriend run to CVS and he spoke to a pharmacist there who gave  us several options of medication. None of which actually helped in the long run. I still feel nauseous today as i "look forward" to a day of work overly tired and sick. I will not eat there again, but i may just have a drink.Don't order delivery.  I am visiting and decided to get delivery to my room and the delivery guy had to call two times because he couldn't find the room (after I told them my room number 3 times.  After generously tipping him, I opened my bag and there were no utensils or napkins. Not fun eating a salad with your hands....My husband and I ate in on Saturday afternoon.  It was my first time here... gotta say I was impressed!  Tons of delicious sandwiches, wraps, burritos and salads to choose from.  I ended up ordering the buffalo shrimp wrap; my husband got a cheesesteak.  My wrap was awesome -- great flavors, very fresh and an enormous portion!  Their "special sauce" rocks.  We also ordered the truffle oil/parmesan fries which were divine.  Very thin, perfectly seasoned.  I left with a full belly!  Will be back to try other options!Used to come here for a wrap and a beer pretty often... Until one day I realized I don't actually like it that much. It is convenient and has an absolutely prime location. The food's alright (good veggie selection) and the beer options are decent, but I just can't love this place!  
My favorite aspect is the non-stop 90's music.  Brings back good memories.I stopped in while waiting to get my phone repaired. It was a great spot to waste some time. Mike and Mike were great. Very friendly. Had great recommendations. Explained all the specials, which were quite a few, and never let me wait for a refill. Their food was quick and excellent. I suggest the cheesesteak spring rolls with spicy ketchup. The sports decor was a plus for me. Great spot to relax and have a casual unwind. Definitely will be back.chill joint with a full bar-- 
i think there's a special during the day for $6 L.I.T.-- STEAL! those r strong!
i didn't get a wrap but the fries were delicious! crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.  i like to think you can tell how delicious a place is by the quality of their fries.  b/c if they take the time to make sure something so silly as fries are up to par, which a restaurant just need to worry about the qty instead of the quality-- then they MUST put more effort on their entrees, right? so i like to think anyways.  but yea the food seems decent which is what i'm trying to say.  at least, it's worth a try!
service was a little slow with only 1 server working when i went.. but i wouldn't mind stopping by again to chillax and grab a bite to eat.I love this place for lunch. Such a satisfying selection of delicious wraps, and every day they have specials/discounts that make it a no-brainer to go here for lunch. For under $10 you can get a huge wrap and a good beer. 
The bar is small and they have a few taps (maybe about 5 or 6?) which rotate a great selection of craft beers. I have heard amazing things about their pitcher specials too, but I'm honestly just too scared to order a pitcher of Long Island Iced Tea because I really just think I wouldn't be able to walk out the door if I did. If the draft list doesn't tickle your fancy at the time, there is a fridge full of a great beer selection as well.
I've tried the thai chicken wrap, which was SO juicy, moist and flavorful. The peanut sauce is really tasty in that I love peanut butter kind of way. Also got the veggie fajita wrap and loved it. Again, so flavorful, juicy, and filled with great stuff.
In case you are one of those weird people that doesn't like wraps, you can get everything on the menu on a kiaser roll or sub roll as well. Just a little FYI.I ordered from them yesterday for delivery.  I have celiac and they worked with me to customize a corn tortilla "wrap."  I was also super excited they delivered a milk shake and salad to round out my lunch.  My chocolate milk shake could have used a little more chocolate but otherwise, I was happy with my meal and very excited they took the time to address my issue with gluten.