This place is great for many things; sport games, nights out, great weather outdoor seating and much more.
You get the benefits of multiple bars and styles of hangouts under one roof. Along with some great food options. They have a massive outdoor seating area, which is great for those beautiful weather days/nights. There is nothing like sitting outside with a beer and seeing The CBP, The Linc and the Center.
The inside host tv's all over including a giant screen in the center, so you are never missing the game. 
The layout of islands/tables and small hallways can make it tough to navigate through on crowded nights, and the place can get very crowded. Security is better now then it was when it first opened. The bathrooms are also huge which is nice, becuase your typical bars usually have large crowds but small bathrooms with long lines. 
Their import selection of beers is EXTREMELY LACKING too.
My favorite thing about this place is....
Parking is complimentary on non-event nights and free one hour after the start of the final event of the day. You can't ask for anything more in Philly.When I first learned about the Xfinity Live opening, I was excited but after going a few times, I don't find myself rushing to go back anytime soon.  The idea is great but the place is overly crowded, no matter what restaurant you go to it's hard to find a seat. If one decides to stay out in the main area, which is a killer on the feet and back, you deal with a lot of rude people just pushing their way around, I guess some of the very young partiers haven't learned how to act yet.  Honestly, it seemed more like Kiddie City than anything else.Sunday afternoon. Late April. After walking Dead Escape from Philly. Place maybe 25% occupied. Our party of six is seated. Cute waitress but clueless. Has NO idea what beers are on tap. One of our party spilled water when she was standing there and she actually turned away and did not even get extra napkins. Entrees came before appetizers and one entree came after the late appetizers. Waitress was completely unapologetic. Like I said clueless. When I spoke with the manager she handed me a generic business card and said next time I came in the would "hook me up"! WTF! Avoid it like the plague!! Getting one star because you can't post zero stars.Great time.  Good beer selections.  Pizza is great.   The appetizers are great.  Service was quick.  Great place to pre-game.Great bars hands down. When I first heard about this place I was skeptical but every time it go here it's an amazing time. Do some bull riding, explore some bars, sit and relax next to a fire pit, watch some entertainment and play some games. There is so much space here but don't forget your wallet because drinking is the thing here!Location is excellent as it's surrounded by the stadiums.   However they dropped the ball here as it doesn't offer as much as one would hope for.   The food isn't good, the place is always dirty - floors, tables, the bar ect.    Took the family here yesterday and they have a Genos Steaks and my son wanted one - it was noon and the cooks were on break.  Waited 30 mins for a steak sandwich and we were first in line.  All 4 of us were not impressedNo argument that Xfinity Live! is a great spot to catch a game.  They have a selection of themed bars, plenty of screens for viewing, and parking.  Be warned, parking is only free an hour after home games (but always free if all teams are away).  They have solid bar food.  They are a short walk from all the stadiums and easy to get to/from via public.  Don't think you'll have the sticker shock of stadium prices.  The draft selection is more extensive while the prices are more in line with a typical bar!
Xfinity also hosts a variety of events.  They do company parties and beerfests.  I've attended as a company party guest and was happy with everything.
Overall, hit'em up!Great place to watch sports, fun crowd and this place is huge in the middle of everything and across the street from the subway.
 Great service and wait staff. 
 Friendly barpersons, a dj, cheerleaders on tabletops....awesome variety of food! 
Will definitely be back!....reasonable beer prices..... yet sadly overpriced liquor/mixed drinks. 
Location, location, location!!It kinda reminds me of an ESPN Zone without all the carnival games, but it seems like just a few bars slapped together.  And what's up with the kids roaming around?
We really only came to see GreenGenes, so we didn't stray too far from the main area in the center to check out the other places.  It was pretty crowded when we got there, but that was probably because the Phillies got rained out that night.  Besides, the people watching was too good to pass up.  It's been awhile since I've seen a couple run out by the bouncers because they were basically having sex at the bar...
Anyway, beers are $5 which is a little too high in my opinion.  Bar service was decent for me, but more than one person in my group complained about it.  Other than what I've mentioned, nothing special to see other than the girls trying WAY too hard.Really great sports bar one of my favorites!  A bunch of really cool places to grab food including my favorite chickie's and petes.  Has a mechanical bull and skee ball! Also, has outdoor area with live music.  Giant beer pong games on fridays.This place is awesomeness. The XFinity Live Center is smack in the middle of all the stadiums. Great for before, after, or instead of a game.
There are several beer spots in here. Victory Beer Hall is the best for beer. PBR is great for watching drunk people try to ride the mechanical bull. There is an outside area with a band. They have several other drinking options, as well as several food options, from bar food to deserts.
One of the great things is that it's all packed into one area. You can bar hop without going far. You can take beers from one place to another. You can switch the scenery up.
There are numerous large screens throughout. The big one which is monstrous is on the wall on the side where the band is playing.
Very cool spot. Def check it out, especially if you are there for a game.Absolutely disgusted with service from last night. My boyfriend who is Spanish pointed in the bartenders direction at me across the bar and she assumed it was at her and threw ice toward him that hit him in the face then denied him service for being drunk and disrespectful to her. (Mind you he was about to order his second drink and this was his birthday party) Our friend who is a white male with red hair did the same thing but deliberately pointed at her to see how she would react and and she came right over and greeted him with a smile ready for his order. Completely different reaction. Went over to the bouncer that was standing next to the bar to explain the situation told us if we pointed at her again we'll have to leave for being disrespectful. Had to leave the room and go to a bar in the main room to order a drink and found a manager who told us in his exact words " I'm so sorry, this has been happening all night." That being said if your bartenders are physically and verbally harassing your customers then maybe you need to rethink management especially after that little display of racism.  Took a picture of the woman... unfortunately it was too dark to tell and it's only the back of her.Fun spot to grab drinks or food before or after a game or concert. The staff is friendly and bartenders make great drinks.  It's always an upbeat vibe and usually a DJ.  Less expensive than the stadium but still a little on the pricy side for bar food. Fun spot!I think this place is awesome!!! It is alot of fun!! It has a bunch of bars in there, restaurants, and raw bar.  It is so much fun! All the TV's are awesoem and perfect for day drinking, and before and after a Phillies, Flyers, Eagles, or Sixers game. Love this place. So much fun!
It is packed and a ton of fun! Surrounded by fans. Much better than McFaddens and Chickie & Petes. Has alot of fun things going on outside as well. Pretty awesome palce with alot going on. Victory is awesome with the bull ride and Broad Street Bullies is cool as well. Go see Will if you go there! :-) He is awesome! 
Definitely hang out there! It will be even better in the summer to drink outside and the stage they have set up, bars, and a place to place games at.  I really enjoy this place alot!This place is a joke from the leadership on down.Never saw anything worse in all of America. The waits are ridiculous and the drinks are ridiculousHuge drinking emporium. Bars located outside, inside, right, left, center, downstairs and upstairs, and all slightly different then their counterparts. They had a $5 cover after the Eagles game but free entry after a Flyers game. The Philly institution Geno's has a small cheesesteak stall located inside. Most bars also offer their own menus. Drinks were far cheaper at the bar then at the beer tubs located at the entrances. Don't be intimidated by lines outside, they move surprisingly fast. Once inside try to push past all the first timers who stop and gawk(probably in awe of the shear magnitude of the place), and you'll find it really opens up allowing you to enjoy your beverage or food without being elbow to elbow.I'm not a big sports bar or (sports) fanatic, but this place is pretty cool. I actually came here with some friends to see a couple DJs that were playing. We were curious how they would put on the show here, but they pulled it off well! They played in the center of the venue, which gave us a up close and personal view of them and since it was not a large crowd, we had a lot of room to dance and go crazy. There were plenty of bars for us to grab a drink from whenever we wanted and it made for a great night. 
I didn't actually get to explore the other separate bars within the venue, but would definitely like to come back next time to do that. I heard there was a mechanical bull in one of them, so I'm sure that makes for a hilarious show with some drunken friends.Awful. Poorly organized. Terrible, just terrible terrible terrible. Plus super rude bouncers.This is a boom for Philadelphia and for the stadium area!  I love it! People are going to love it especially when baseball gets here! Go Phillies!  Love the giant TV in the NBC center. The outside is great!  Great options, tvs everywhere, there is something for everyone.I really like XFinity and they are making more renovations to make this place even better. They took out the high-end restaurant that no one goes to and they'll be putting in 1100 Social! I cannot wait until it opens! They are also expanding Victory Beer Hall too! We've been here for numerous events.
If you go on a Friday or Saturday night, you can set up a Happy Hour for your group. Usually it's $3 well drinks and beers and $5 shot specials. It sucks it's only from 8-11pm, so I hope this will be changing a bit once they finish all the renovations.Severely lacking in many ways, but with a name like xfinity/Comcast, its hard to expect anything else.I was back in Philly for the holidays. Since I am a HUGE Eagles fan I got tickets for the game against the Chicago Bears. Since Xfinity Live is fairly new I wanted to check it out. Boy am I glad that I did. At first it was a little overwhelming but once I got my first beer I felt like I was home. I currently live in Chicago so it was great to see all the Eagles fans there. What I liked best was the outside beer garden next to the big stage. I am glad that I got there super early because the closer to game time the line to get in was super long. The only drawbacks were that there wasn't as much seating as I would like although since it was a game day I totally understood. Also I feel like the $5 cover charge wasn't necessary. That place makes enough money as it is. With all of that being said I will definitely check it out again the next time I am back in Philadelphia and go to a sporting event.After the Beyoncé concert we headed over here to silence our roasting stomachs, and allow the traffic to calm down. Every restaurant within xfinity live was not serving food anymore. The NBC bar ( I think that's the name) which is in the center when you walk in was packed to full compactly, and you can't order food without a seat. I scored some seats at the bar being observant aka stalking people. 
I grabbed the menu and was necrosis about the options . Mahi Mahi tacos..."from here", I thought. I was too hungry not to order and where easier going to find food at this hour. They came out in a cute presentation...and saucy! Which I like. They were delicious!!! I was shocked. It's something I would not order from a place like this but it was delicious. I would definitely go back again for more than just drinks. This is a great atmosphere for sports fans. Chow down!Upon first entering XFINITY Live! I was overwhelmed. High ceilings, large crowd, plenty of space, lights, and TVs everywhere. I traversed through the crowd, finding all the women were unattractive, to a bar that did not sell Budweiser products, and the only thing on the TVs was the pregame. 
XFINITY Live! is like making a fleshlight out of sandpaper. The intentions were good but the implementation just doesn't work.This place is really cool and swanky. You've got big TVs, little TVs, booths, outdoor seating, a VIP lounge - the works. We were lucky enough to bypass the cover charge, but seating is limited in the "main" bar area. All of the long tables were reserved, so we ended up having to go to one of the adjoining bars. Drink specials are nonexistent and the food is your typical bar food. Nonetheless, its a fun place to hunker down and watch quality Sunday football.Great place to pre and post game.  Lots of cool bars,places to eat and most importantly clean bathrooms!So I'm ashamed to admit that it took me like three years to get here, but it was worth the wait. The Victory Beer Hall was basically my happy place. If the Syrian border had 17 Victory beers on tap I'd give it five stars.   So this was pretty close to a religious experience for me. 
I was here for winter beerfest and the space was wonderfully accommodating for this event.  Although I didn't get to experience all that xfinity has to offer since the event took over, I am definitely inspired to come back on a regular day. 
Another asset of xfinity is the lovely outdoor space. It's a nice option to have, and it doesn't feel like a building randomly plopped into a parking lot.  Well done xfinity! Can't wait to come back.Used to have a half-price happy hour at Bullies from 4-6. Now its only from 4-5 and I was told that it was because they were "losing money". Are you kidding me? I used to come early before an event at the complex and grab a bite to eat and a few beers. Will not be doing it now that they took away the special. Terrible decisionBest place in the country to watch the Eagles play (other than the Linc). Go Birds.I went here for the grand opening to the public on Friday, March 30th for the free Third Eye Blind concert.  I also went back briefly tonight to warm up from the Phillies game.  I'm glad I went back tonight because I had two completely different experiences. 
First night: The place looked tiny from the outside and I was worried that it would be jam-packed.  When I walked in, I was surprised how big the place really was.  It was pretty crowded on the first night and of course, everyone was drinking their faces off.  It was a good atmosphere, though, and I didn't run into any sloppy drunks (I've seen much worse crowds in bars during Erin Express).  There were plenty of places to go in case you didn't like a section.  Broad Street Bullies Bar is off to the right and there's a raw bar directly in front of you.  Further in, you'll find Spectrum Grill, Chickie's and Pete's, a cheesesteak counter, Victory Brew Hall, and PBR: Professional Bull Riders (I'm sure the mechanical bull in here is going to see plenty of action).  The inside is filled with countless TV screens and is definitely a great place to go to watch a game.  I noticed the swanky upper level that had leather chairs and a disco ball chandelier, but it was closed for a VIP party.  
Second time: There was a good crowd here watching the Phils game tonight, but I had plenty of room to move around.  The big screens here are probably the best ones in the city.  I highly recommend coming here if you want to watch an important game.  They actually had a fire pit going tonight that wasn't there on Friday.  There appeared to be removable windows/doorways that I'm assuming will open up as it gets warmer.
I thought the concept was executed really well here and I'm looking forward to coming back to Xfinity Live.  I think the summertime will be the best time to come here, but I was pleasantly surprised how nice it was to stop in tonight.  Definitely worth checking this place out.Very disappointed, was looking forward to watching the eagles v cowboys game there and they would not let a bunch of people in, reportedly at capacity, looking through the large windows 2 of the bars in which we could see were empty. How can you be the gathering joint for philly sports and have that happen, embarrassing? Would be reluctant to go back.USE CASH ONLY HERE!!!   Debit card info was scanned by bartender or waitress during the Eagles game Sunday night Oct 23 around 11- and was used the next day at Whitman Shoprite and Sunoco!!  Beware!!This place is like a big adult playground. It is amazing! I went on a Wednesday afternoon to watch an away game (Mets, We won!! GOphills!) and it was dead. I have to say this is the best time to go. There is a giant cornhole field, horse shoe outside the front door, that after a few beers I was a champ!  The whole staff from the door men, security, cleaning staff and bartenders are the happiest people. I felt like a regular after my first visit.Not much to say about this place other than... Well it just sucks. I came here because I was waiting for the eagles game to start and it was a blizzard out and the people who had my tickets were stuck in traffic. Nothing else to say besides it's a total d-bag bar. I thought about getting some food then I saw how greasy and gross the food was from other people I saw ordering. Next I looked at the menu and was even more grossed out at how expensive it was. If a giant sports bar with douchebags running around and eating gross and disgusting food while being overcharged for it all is your thing, then come on down! Otherwise stay away... Far far away.Customer service was top notch! I am writing this review because we stopped into Xfinity Live on July 1st after a Phillies game. We had a few drinks and as we left, I must have dropped my wallet on the floor by the bar after paying the bill. The next day M. Butler from security emailed me to let me know that they had it safe and sound. Needless to say, I was surprised, not only that it was returned (thank you to the kind stranger who turned it in) but also because the security staff went out of their way on a busy 4th of July weekend to contact me. We will definitely return!I'm reviewing this from the point of view as a girl who isn't a huge sports fanatic but went for the bars , dancing and to see the mechanical bull.
Definitely worth going just be aware that its sort of over crowded and its difficult to get to the dance floor. The mechanical bull area is so jam packed and we had to wait in a line for 30 minutes to get into that area of xfinity. The wait was hilarious though because there were angry sports guys yelling profanity because they felt like they didn't deserve to wait (some people would get offended or irritated but I thought it was hysterical watching them).
At the end of the night in the dancing area they offered free shots to any girls who danced on the bar. 
I wouldn't go if you are against big crowds in awkward confined spaces but its a good time if you like the sports/dancing combination. The only reason I didn't give it 4 stars is because the cover is annoying and I don't like sports enough to make this a regular spot for me.The place is spacious and we loved watching the mechanical bull riders in one of the bars. It's fun but we had a terrible experience with the staff. First of all, we were charged admission even though it was free to get in if we had Philly baseball tickets. We came back from the Mets Philly game. When we asked for a refund, they refused because " our machines can't do that". The door staff is young and untrained. So, I asked for a manager. We waited for 20 min and no one came so I took it upon myself to find him. When I found him behind a bar, he just shrugged his shoulders like " oh well, too bad!" This is bad business, bad customer service, and bad management. I want my money back for four of us! Who's running the place? A bunch of children?!!!! Rude and apathetic! Someone needs to take responsibility and step up.Food was great but I can't understand why they had NCAA Basketball on the main screen instead of the Sixers game!!! Loyola Chi vs Kansas St is not a better game than the Sixers game going on at the same time, especially while you're in xfinity live!!! The place was filled with Sixers fans, suffering through watching the game through small screens with no audio!Came here on a Saturday night after the Phillies lost (which could be any week at this point) to drink our sorrows away. I wasn't expecting much-the VIP entrance girls were young and scantily clad, and being in my later 20s I thought I'd feel really out of place-but I was surprised! The place was busy but not over crowded, most people there to watch the boxing match.
We sat at the tables outside of PBR Bar-only con was our waiter sucked at first, acted super pissed we were sitting and not ordering food, told us to make sure we were bringing 'commerce in'-ok, dude-but after bringing us four rounds of Jack Fire, he settled down and had quick service. The DJ for the place was my favorite part--a constant mash up of 90s hip hop. Basically sang and danced the whole night. We had a hiiiiiigh bill (like 300 bucks) but it was worth it.Finally made it out to this place, and I was definitely impressed! High ceilings are a great idea for claustrophobic Saturday nights.
It's like an amusement park for drunken adults. Something to suit everyone's pleasure. One minute I was in victory beer hall listening to probably the best live bar band I've ever heard, next minute I was out by the fire sipping a beer in an adirondack chair, next minute I was spinning the giant wheel where for 5$, you spin and whatever shot it lands on, you have to take. (Good luck when you land on tequila or Jameson!) The mechanical bull, the giant plates of delicious nachos... I'm tellin ya, old people amusement park. I didn't even make it to every part of this place!
It's expensive, and security guards are assholes. One looked like he was on a mission and plowed me over walking by. Didn't look back, didn't care, didn't think twice about it... Rude. He's totally the kid that butts in line in the amusement park. But guess every place has that guy.
get ready to blow the bank... Yikes to prices. But I had a great time so I would most definitely come back.My two most recent experiences at Xfinity were for a work holiday party in the "VIP" section upstairs, and for new years eve. Both experiences most definitely exceeded my expectations. The VIP section upstairs was awesome! It had a nice atmosphere because you had all the lights, music and energy of the venue, without being the middle of the crowd. New Years eve was also a blast! As an events venue, I think this place deserves 5 stars. I know some complain about the crowd it attracts, but thats what you get for being the middle of the sports stadiums. 
I have been here a number of times on regular weekends as well, and have always enjoyed my experience. I love the outdoor area, and the fact that there are so many different types of venues within one space.This place wasn't bad- not sure what all the fuss is about! They have a great outdoor area, Live music and the radio pumping through speakers everywhere, like 8 different bars under one roof? What's not to like? I enjoyed lounging on the patio and having some watermelon beers with the guys. It's great people watching. There's food if you get hungry. It's the perfect place to keep the party going after a sporting event.76ers/Flyers/Phillies all start in the 7:00 hour during weeknights.  I refer to this hour as 'dinner time'... therefore I usually end up sucumbing to rock-solid Aramark soft pretzels... or led-balloon-in-your-tummy-i-can't-believe-i-ate-the-whole-thing Crab Fries... as the vegetarian in the stadium.  XFINITY has solved this for me.  Now, I get to the area early, and swing through the Spectrum Cafe for some awesome draught beers (though they tend to not switch out their beer list... so you must literally take a tour to figure out what they actually have on draught)... and high-quality non-aramark bar food.  My latest mainstay has been the white pizza with broccoli and a side salad... split with a few friends.  The service there is accutely aware that most people are en route to a game... and therefore the understand that you may not want to be rushed... but you don't want to have to stalk down your server either... and time is of the essence.  During bigger games (Eagles) they set up the outside to become a block party of sorts.  All sorts of vendors bring stuff that we can win.  My mom won a weekend in AC there... and she was pretty stoked.  While I miss the Spectrum tremendously, dinner at XFINITY has become a new tradition for me surrounding Philadelphia Sports.  Not too shabby indeed!One of my favorite cover bands, Go Go Gadjet, was playing here for an event so I decided to check it out! The place was huge, but everyone was crowded around the main bars and stage areas making it hard to move. The atmosphere was pretty cool for a Halloween event; each part of the venue had a different theme (the main area was Oz, they also had wonderland, Chuckie's playhouse, and Rocky Horror Picture show) You did have your normal cobwebs and corn stalks, but they also had two aerial dancers climbing in long scarves that draped down from the ceiling to the floor.
The place was packed, but one thing I didn't get is why a vodka cranberry costs the same as a Miller light. Then I remembered, I was in a sports bar!
It wasn't a bad venue overall (although they did blow a breaker at one point during the show), parking was free (after 8P), and there was no cover when I first came at 9:30 (but when I went out to put my jacket in the car at midnight, there was a $20 cover). So go after 8P to get free parking, but before midnight and you should be fine!Walking in I thought this was going to be another, overcrowded, poorly serviced, mega bar, but I quickly learned that it was efficient, with great service and very short wait times. The screens are great and the food was good at all the different bars. Didn't try the raw bar, but that was by choice.Thursday Night Review only..
DRINKS - standard, cheap, good. You get what you pay for.. dollar dranks what you gonna say.
OVERALL SERVICE: come the fuck on people. (please). 
- Parking: we drive and there's a game letting out, so the guy says " go down to that corner, make a right and you can go in from that entrance. We get to that entrance, guy says " you can't come in from there, you have to go in from THERE -- ( the place we just came from). So we drive back, ignore the guy yelling at us because we're sure as fuck not going to go back and forth when they lack COMMUNICATION SKILLS with each other to run an operation..
- Wristband specials : my boyfriend and I walk around, the place is huge, essentially 4 different bars into one place. We walk into one place, I order a drink (which took 6 minutes for bartender to notice me) and ask her about the college wristbands. " Oh I don't know.. but I'll get my manager." 10 minutes pass -- I'm not sure where my manager is
I walk to a different area, the more " college-y" bar . Takes 14 minutes for a fucking bartender to come over. OK, I KNOW that they hate Thursdays. They probably have a million college students wanting the cheap ass drinks, and they don't tip. That's fucked up in my opinion, and regardless of how shitty they are, I still try to tip their assholes. Anyway. Takes 14 minutes, he comes over and says " you have to get the wrist band in the front? So.. we go get the wristband in the "front".. which takes another fucking 15 minutes. We get to the bar. This takes another 9 minutes for him to notice us. And he says " we ran out of mugs, you have to get them outside". At this point I've done lost my patience and I told him " I dont care what the fuck kind of glass you use, do I look like I give a fuck? Use those small ass cups, I don't care."  AND I still tipped him. I overheard a lot of people saying that they always serve people paying full price drinks -- but I think that's stupid. Just because they're paying full price do esn't mean they'll tip well. As long as you have a smile on your face (which NONE of the bartenders had.. fucking NONE!) and try your best with as busy as you are, PEOPLE WILL TIP YOU. maybe not all the poor ass college student. but your standard average joe and jane ( ME) will fucking tip you. But now, I'll probably never go back..
Improve your services Please and thank you. On another note, security and ID check / bouncers were very friendly and the only helpful people of the night. 
As a manager, I found this whole night extremely shameful in the way it was run.On Sunday June 21st I attended the Phillies game with about 6 family members. Afterword's we planned to get a bite to eat at Xfinity live. We were parked on the opposite side of the stadium so walking was not an option. Also, we were told we had to move our vehicle as they close the gates to the parking lot. We then looked at the Xfinity live website where it said parking was free after 2:35pm. Great we thought we will just drive over. Upon arrival we were told it would be $16.00 to park in the lot! We then asked where the free parking was stated on the website. The gentleman pointed us around the corner. We then drove there, upon getting there the ladies informed us it would be $25.00 to park. We had 2 vehicles so when discussing with the other vehicle I stated doesn't make sense since we just paid $16.00 across the street. The lady who was quite rude to say the least then shouted "well y'all should have stayed park there." In my head I was thinking that was not possibly since we were told we had to move our cars from the phillies 1st base side. At this point we said forget it and started our 2 hour drive back down to central Delaware. I have attached the screenshot where it says parking was free after 2:35pm. The service was not satisfactory. We have now crossed xfinity live off of our list of places to visit when we make it to a game. If you put something on your website you should be able to back up those claims.   We couldn't even get in the place.They wanted $21 to valet your car
They wanted $30/person minimum at the restaurant
WHAT???
There was no games  going on in the area, so there were only a handful of people.  I suppose if you want bottle service and to impress your hommies, you come here.  
But if you just want dinner and a beer, go elsewhere and save the money.Lost my dog here. I think he was over-served. Bartender should know when he takes his collar off it's time to stop. Please contact me if you find him. His paws are white and his attitude is stanky.Great bar, loved how it is laid out. Didn't feel like there was a lot of food options, but lots of alcohol. 
Will visit during large events like the halloween party, it is removed from the other Philly bars, so if I visit again it is the only bar my crew would frequent that night.XFINITY Live is a wonderful venue for watching Eagles and Temple Owls games. Great service and reasonable prices for food and drink, not to mention, huge televisions.I love the concept of this place! Management sucks tho!  The manager (sorry for not remembering her name ) couldn't be found . When we finally spoke to her , her resolution was . Next time you are in here . I'll "hook ya up". 
We were supposed to be reimbursed for parking that day due to spending over 50 dollars with receipts. They announced it over load speaker during the Eagles/Redskins game . Not sure if she had something against me or if they didn't reimburse anyone .Maybe I am missing something here. But ...
1. On a non-game evening (Friday night, 6/10) why is all of the free parking around the venue blocked off, and the only obvious parking is the $21 valet parking? Do you really not want folks to come and spend their money? Yes, we finally got into the free parking.
2. On a non-game evening (again, 6/10) the central eating/drinking establishment sets a $60/table minimum. Really? All of those empty tables, and you're turning down an order for $25 worth of pub grub and two drinks? The two of us would have been good for $45-50 (and overpriced food and drink at that), but I guess that money wasn't good enough. No, we did not stay. 
Bottom line: The owners really need to rethink what's going on here.Yesterday marked my first trip to Xfinity, right after a Phils game, but hopefully not my last. Located within easy walking distance of all the stadiums and parking lots, it's basically a no brainer to go to after a game. Because why stop the party just because the clock ran out? It's also pretty nicely set up. I'm basing this off the fact that I received a tour from my slightly drunken bf who was trying to explain it to my extremely drunken self. And I still understood what was going on, so I liked that. It doesn't look like much from the outside. However, the inside is kind of like an alcoholic food court. There is a bevy of options, including a Victory Beer Hall with long cafeteria style tables, Spectrum Grill for a more upscale environment, PBR Bar & Grill which serves Tex Mex ish food and mechanical bull riding entertainment, and then the Philly Marketplace is the open area in the middle hosting lots of local eateries and entertainment. 
Friends and I only went to PBR, in an attempt to absorb the many light beers consumed at the game. Or perhaps before the game. Food was average, the ribs were pretty decent. But because of the fact that we were outside, received really quick service, had our food within like 15 minutes of leaving the game, and the food wasn't bad, we all had such a great time. I liked that the place was crowded, but not too crowded and we could move around very easily. 
There's also a cool outdoor bar, with an open area for dancing. Such a blast, but be warned - the bartenders will toss out your drinks if left on the bar for more than 30 seconds! Apparently this is their policy, but it's not advertised anywhere and we had to wait five minutes for a manager to explain this to us. He offered us a new round, since we had originally had full beers, but still it was a bit annoying. So, know before you go!This place is best described as a huge complex of multiple sports bars.  There is the main big room in the middle with multiple bars, tables, and booths with huge TVs everywhere, and surrounding this central area are separate bars serving different styles such as beer garden style room with craft beers and a western bar with a mechanical bull. There are also large outdoor bar areas. This place was awesome to go to in between a Phillies double header!Great place to go after a ball game, or concert. They have a ton of little bars and restaurants located inside Xfinity Live. It gets very busy on weekends and they usually host a lot of beer festivals which are great.I wouldn't mind venturing here on rare occasions, as the whole place just seems dirty. In fact, the bathrooms were quite horrifying. However, it's basically got a monopoly on the bar and food scene for game day. There's also a mechanical bull, for those so inclined.This just really isn't my scene. I went last weekend for the Crobot/Lit/Buckcherry concert (rock!) and while the place is massive (5 different bars to choose from and a huuuuge tv), I got an odd vibe from the place, and I felt like I could be having more fun elsewhere. That and the drinks were expensive, and just forget about eating there, it's not great and will also cost you an arm and a leg.
Some stars for the good customer service from the employees, the clean bathrooms, and the convenience to the subway, but that's about it for me. Maybe I'll come back on an NFL day and see what's up, but I probably won't frequent this place.I realize this place has only been open for over a week but here's how I feel this goes down.
The facility in general is treated like a downtown club, yet presented like casual sports bar (or 6-7 of them). This may be biased as I realize that a glass of beer at the Victory Beer Hall may be a slight bit expensive, the way they treated their customers was substandard. 
When the patio that was built at the beer hall amongst all the bars was open, one could not reenter the bar of origin when trying to use the bathroom as the indoor bar was "at capacity" even though the consumer had purchased drinks in the bar and was intending on completing a journey from the restroom back to the outdoors (as the indoors area was crazily busy). The proprietors of the facility have not taken into account that they would need to limit the flow of customers into the indoor service area if they want to make traffic and comfort a viable option.
When walking back into the main bar, the majority of clientele could only be described as tryouts for "Jersey Shore". This is not a slight against the character of the bar, yet only a sign of the times. When I asked the gentleman guarding the entrance of the cocktail bar what he was standing next too, his appearance and demeanor established that people who weren't in suits/were "commoners" were going to have to have some financial collateral to enjoy a drink or the atmosphere of said bar and its upstairs area.
Overall I'd say that while the place is in the infant stages of being the "Xfinity" experience, they should work on not treating the area like a Jersey Shore night club and make it more friendly to those of us who enjoy craft brews at places such as the Victory Beer Hall rather than creating a sensory assault that transcends between bars.I was there for the pre-grand opening when they opened it up prior to the Bruce Springsteen show.  I realize that they weren't 100% put together at the time, but that really has no bearing on my review.  
First of all, was very excited to get there, got there and the traffic flow within the place was choppy at best.  Narrow passages to get to the bathroom.  
Did NOT at all like the fact that they have the different "themed" bars.  It was like a sad attempt at making a Disney version of Philadelphia - but we some ridiculous cowboy themed bar in the mix.  Made no sense whatsoever.  
I was unaware until reading these reviews that there even was a VIP/bottle service area - that makes me like it even less.  
The DJ was horrendous, couldn't mix songs to save his life and he was pulling some Jersey Shore wanna be DJ act and came off like a complete tool.  
Ended up hanging outside for most of the evening which, was nice.  However the corporate morons managed to even screw that up.  They had circus people on stilts walking around and jugglers and hula-hoopers walking around the crowd.  How this fits into ANY part of what they're doing there is beyond me.  
Essentially the place is very dysfunctional, made next to no sense to me at all.  Tear down those stupid themed bars and make it a giant sports bar that caters to large crowds and has the ability to comfortably serve large crowds.  Similar to McFaddens across the way.  They hit the nail on the head there reasonably well.  
I will discourage my friends from attending the Xfinity live center for all of the above reasons - however, the outside area was nice.This place is basically a giant sports bar enclosed in a circular area. It is located next to the stadium where the Eagles play and where they host a bunch of concerts. It can get super crowded when there are events but it's still a decent place to chill until the event. There are multiple sports bar inside- regular bar food and drink prices. I wouldn't come out of my way if I lived in center city to chill here unless there was a special event going on. Parking is hard to find. There are lots that charge around 25 during events.The fact that this place exists is worthy of 4 stars.  It's basically a mall of bars and eateries for tailgating purposes at the various events at the 3 connecting stadiums.  Brilliant!
A statue of Smokin' Joe Frazier greets you at the main entrance letting you know this is a place for the enjoyment of sport.  Xfinity Live has several sports bars(Victory Beer Hall, NBC Sports bar, plus more), smaller satellite bars, a couple of sit down restaurants and a few more casual eateries(Geno's, Chickie and Pete's).  Plenty of seating outdoors for the nice weather days.  They even had bean bag tables set up for free while we drank.  
With stadiums so far from downtown, Xfinity Live is needed for those who like to partake in pregame partying.  Well done Philly.Stopped in last night after the Phillies game. Really liked it from the second we walked in. Great crowd of people, tons of screens showing Flyers, 76ers and Phillies games and a handful of different areas to hang out. (As an aside, I don't think I'd come alone, but if you're with a friend or a group and want to watch a game it seems like a great place).
We were most looking forward to Victory and were super excited to try the vegan brat. After ordering a couple of beers we were told they never had the vegan brat, that they're changing the menu entirely and will no longer offer it. Totally disappointed. Mostly because we were so excited to see a really creative vegan meal on the menu - to only be told they won't even be carrying it! I'm curious as to why they are taking it off the menu and would love to see it put back on.Mediocre food, good service, local beers like Victory.  Despite getting busy, they can crank you though quickly.  Not a bad stop before a game at the Wells Fargo Center if you're looking for convenience (although there are better options).  Overall a two-star place, but when you factor in the location and realizing the expectation of a quick shot before a game, it's 3 stars.A sports guy/gals dream. Get there during a Philly sporting event and you're bound to have a good time (indoors or outdoors). I've also played on the Philly Sports Network's bags/corn hole league here -- good way to spend time in nice weather and meet people. Also keep an eye out for special events - concerts, contests, etc.i guess this place is good if you are into sports, but seriously not my scene. i came here for a friends birthday so i really wanted to give it a chance and like it. i heard about all the different bars it has to offer, but after walking into each of them, i really don't see what the difference is. ok, so one has a cover band playing, another has bull riding and the rest have what that makes them distinguished from the rest? the most entertaining area was the bull riding bar, but that is not saying much. the girls dancing around the bull riding look less than enthusiastic to even be here. yes, i realize it is a bit of a degrading job, but hey no one is holding a gun to your head to work there. might as well make the best of it and try to look like you are having a good time. usually the crowd feeds off the energy of the employees so get them excited if you want them to stay, spend money, and have a great time. i find this to be a huge disappointment based on the planning and all the hype over it. i think this facility could have been made into so much more for all the money spent building it. in my opinion it seems to have missed the mark. at least the bar tenders in the main center bar were nice and attentive.Wow, so much hatred from the folks to a place that idealizes Philly culture, super odd. As a Jersey girl, I actually am super jealous that we don't have a place like this across state lines to enjoy bar hopping during these frigid winter months.
The concept is like an indoor plaza = one bar at every corner with it's own theme and DJ, then a centralized location with another DJ or event. I came here on Halloween and the place was bumping with everyone in really amazing costumes and a sweet open bar price at $30 a person. Then we came on a regular night and enjoyed myself even more! The crowd is 21 - early 30s and super friendly.
What to expect:
The Western bar's main attraction is not the Mechanical Bull, BUT the PEOPLE riding it. Combine this with a few half naked go-go dancers and $4 whiskey shots, you will have a good time.
Then walk across the hall for some live rock music and dance on large lunch room-esque tables to sweat it out like it was 1999. The band plays all cover songs and the crowd can get pretty friendly up on the sweaty tables, so be aware.
The last small room is the hip hop room towards the back. This is my favorite room, not just because of the music BUT bc if you are a female and dance on the bar top...you get to have a FREE SHOT from a flamingo cup.
Last the main area has either a guest DJ or the last time we went a fight on their cinema theater screen which is awesome. 
Then as if the night could not get any better, there is a place that sells buckets of Chickie & Pete's crab fries and another spot that sells cheese steaks!! All the best of the best in one spot, now if they only added a Federal Donuts in here...I may just never leave.My husband and I went to see the Flyers and Bruins play Saturday afternoon 12-2-17. When we got to the Wells Fargo Center they were not open yet so we decided to grab a bite to eat. We went to the Xfinity Center and ate at the Broad St. Bullies Pub and boy their food was surprisingly palatable! My husband had the bacon burger sliders and I had the fish tacos! Yummie to both! Service was good, our waitress was very pleasant. All around cool place to hang out before the game.I go through a range of emotions surrounding any visit or plan to visit Xfinity Live.
When I'm not there, I have no interest in going to that crowded, gimmicky venue. 
When I get there, I think to myself "this is actually a really cool concept and not too bad." So many bars! So close to the stadiums! So close to the Broad Street Line!
When I deal with most employees other than the bartenders, I start to hate it again. There's no continuity with information and no one knows what's going on. A recent example is no one knew where to check in for a "VIP" party. I was bounced around to a few wrong spots then told the wrong place to stand for the line.
When I'm there for a special event or concert, I'm back on board with this being a great spot. Last weekend I saw Eve 6, Uncle Kracker, Sugar Ray and Better than Ezra for $15. I've seen Third Eye Blind, Fuel, Alien Ant Farm and Everclear there for free. They also have decent seasonal craft beerfests once a quarter.
When a sporting event lets out or the kids in their early 20s come out to party, I go back to hating it there and need to get the heck out.
Xfinity Live will never be my preferred destination, but it definitely has its positives from time to time. There's just a roller coaster experience of ups and downs to deal with along the way.I came here last night but not for the usual bar seen, they had a massive concert in the parking lot with Sam grow and Billy currington I never went inside the bar as they were having the concert outside so I cannot comment really on the bar itself but I can say that their idea of having the concert the way they did was awesome.  Security was very tight and very on the ball they were actually paying attention and worrying about what people were doing and/or drinking.  They had multiple bars outside and plenty of beer guys walking around so you never have to wait to get an ice cold one.  They had novelty cups as well as people were coming out with drinks in das boot.  If you don't know what that is its a giant glass boot from the movie beerfest.  You should go watch that movie.  Anyway yeah awesome place for a concert and if there are other concerts here which I think they will be you should attend because it was a cool expereince.Whitewashed and lame. Bad music. Poor location and guaranteed to provide a subpar night of satisfaction.Its an ok place,its not that great. Definetly not a place if you really want to dance. Nobody really dances there.Fun spot to drink. Amazing tv's!  Sometimes way too crowded but what do you expect. My only complaint is that the house DJ is HORRIBLE!   Like, really dude? Jock jams?!  Get a new DJ Xfinity! What are you thinking!This bar is the coolest thing in the world. I am from San Francisco, but every time I'm in Philadelphia for a game I make sure to go here because it is just absolutely amazing. I wish that every city had something like this because this place as a bar for everyone. if you go here you will find all the Best Foods of Philadelphia, all the best alcohol and beer, and of course an awesome sporting event. They have outdoor seating and indoor seating and TVs and even a mechanical bull. Enjoy!My fiance, cousin and I were heading to a Sixers game so it was only right to stop here before heading over. We grabbed a table at NBC center and ordered food and drinks. Our server was very soft spoken but very nice. He recommended some beers to my fiance which he enjoyed. 
For appetizer we shared the chicken quesadilla which was actually pretty tasty. For our entrees our server recommended the cajun chicken sandwich. My fiance and I both took his recommendation. My fiance did ask about the Mahi Mahi wrap which our server was very honest about. ..he said it didn't have enough flavor. My cousin ordered the chicken finger dinner. 
Our cajun chicken sandwiches were very tasty and service was good. He recommended even different beers for my fiance and he enjoyed them all. Our server had a good personality and joked around with us while we were there. 
It was a good time and we will definitely be back every time we head to a game!This place is fine and serves a great purpose for food and drink options for Philadelphia area games but the guy checking the door on 11/1/14 at the Temple-ECU game was an A-hole for no reason.  It was cold and raining outside and he was intentionally making people wait outside for no reason at a noon game.  This guy should be fired.I absolutely love this place and it's such a shame I have to rate it one star just because of the staff. The bouncers here treat you like they're your father and are authoritative wannabe badasses. Watch what you say cause one man might just throw you out for no reason. Completely classless and scummy staff of bouncers. These situations can be handled much better. Go here when it's not crowded or else you'll have a dirt bag low life lumberjack looking man tossing you out for calling him out. I'm a little guy, and I'm sure it would've gone a lot differently if I wasn't. They hide behind their roles. Bouncers at all bars in Center city are like saints compared to these a**holes. It's a shame such an amazing spirts hub can be ruined cause of staff.The items are pricey for standard items but I guess if tourist come here that is the point. I sat at the bar and the female staff she was a little rude I didn't quite catch her name. I expressed this to another staff member who took over and was very helpful and polite.I've been here a few times, before a few concerts and after a ball game. Those times, the place was still a "work in progress" or so it seemed...some of the bars weren't finished or taps were broken, outside area wasn't fully ready to handle a crowd. We stopped in last night after a Phils game to grab a beer and watch the last of the hockey game. There were 2 lines to get in and we were ushered to a 3rd line to keep the crowd moving. Nice, until we get inside after showing ID to be told if we weren't on the party bus, we needed to go back outside and get in one of the two general admission lines. After talking to one of the girls at the desk calmly and explaining this is where we were told to go, they let us in. The two main middle bars had nothing worthy of buying beer wise (coors, miller, bud. . Garbage beers being sold for far more than what a 6 pack costs). We walked down to the bar against the large screen video wall where they at least had Leines and a few ciders. There were a handful of open tables (about 9), so I grabbed one for me and my date only to be told I had to be seated by a hostess. Seriously-there was no one looking to be seated and several long tables with RESERVED signs and nobody at them. I was seated by a hostess, my date brought our beers and we were approached by a server asking if we needed anything. We politely told him no, we were good, we were just watching the remainder of the game. He said he'd check on us later. Little by little, more and more tables opened until we were the only table in the bar area with people. The server came by not once, not twice, but 8 times in 15 mins asking for food orders and rolling his eyes acting like a complete jerk when we said we were fine with our beers. I could see if he was losing money because we were taking a table away from someone looking to eat and give him a tip, but we were honestly the only people at a table at that point. It was really uncomfortable every time he walked by. My date wanted to move to another table just so we didn't have to be within eye site of this guy. Once they started playing obnoxiously loud 80's rap after the game, it was time to peace out. Mr Jerk Server walked by and snatched the menus off the table as we walked away. This place is nothing how we hoped it would be. It's transforming into a college frat crash place. There are far more fun places to get GREAT beers and better atmosphere. Not a chance I would go back anytime soon.Remember in Gladiator when Maximus would teater the line between life and death and would be walking through the fields of Elysium? I too have had these moments but instead of life and death the line I walked was between sober and drunk and instead of Elysium I would be walking through a giant sports bar completely dedicated to Philadelphia teams. 
So when I arrived at Xfinity Live Saturday for the Flyers Phillies back to back there was something eerily familiar about this place that I had only seen in my subconcious. 
I called on Thursday to reserve a booth which was a huge move as the place was pretty packed. To reserve a booth you have to spend $240 which I did not see being a problem considering the amount of time we would be staying there. The booth was in the dead center of the NBC Sports Arena and to be completely honest, it is a very close second to actually being at the game.
It's extremely loud, complete with a regulation sounding goal horn, and the Flyers after goal song. I actually lost my voice from yelling the entire game. The only thing that I found weird was that they don't have beer menus and they don't offer pitchers or beer towers. Besides that it was all good, the food was decent and they had Hop Devil on tap.
It's not cheap and we definitely surpassed the $240 minimum but everyone had such a good time it was more than worth it.  I have a feeling I'll be spending a lot of Sunday afternoons in this place too.
Thank God for Ed Snider.best place EVER to watch a philadelphia sports team in the play offs.  it's a total shit show.  sure there are people that are innapropriately drunk and screaming, but it's exactly the kind of place you want to go and scream at the tv with other sports lovers.These kind of places have you by the balls. If your going to see a sporting event and want a bite to eat Xfinity Live is a stones throw away. I can't speak about everyone else's server however the server I had was terrible. We asked him what were drink specials were he had no clue, he ran down and asked someone what the specials were. And returned to inform us there were no drink specials currently running. We then tried to order a virgin pina colada. He wrote down the order and then proceeded to the bar where I guess he was informed that they do not have frozen drinks. That was our second time trying to order a drink and the third time, we tried to order one of the non-alchoalic drinks which he said they do not have. 
Needless to say we settled on a pineapple and cranberry. Sampler is pretty pricy for the amount of food that you receive. I left saying I have never pay so much money for food and left so hungry. Usually if your paying a high price for a meal it is usually because of the outstanding service or the outstanding food. Xfinity fell short on both ends of the table.This place is a disgrace to the city of Philadelphia. The people who frequent this establishment are, to put it nicely, trash. The amenities or convenience to the Sports Complex will never make up for this fact. I've had a couple absurd experiences here, but the straw that broke the camel's back was the night of an Eagles game (yeah, I should have known better). People were packed in like sardines, so the only way to get from one place to another was to squeeze yourself through the crowd. My friend and I tried to do that and unfortunately bumped into the wrong drunken scumbag, who promptly turned around and hurled the most offensive racial epithet I've ever heard, along with a few punches to the head. This was happening mere feet from a security guard, who amazingly stood by and did nothing. So.... what are you getting paid for again?
Your quintessential xfinity live patron makes the pilgrimage from the suburbs to tailgate despite not having tickets to the actual game, then flocks here to continue their 12-hour bender with some $7 beers. If you are one of those people: congratulations, you've found Eden. If not, run in the other direction and do not look back. I imagine it will only get worse once the casino opens.I had the opportunity to check out Xfinity Live after the Bruce Springsteen concert.  I was really excited about the concept of this place, but not so thrilled with the execution.  First, they had a Springsteen cover band playing outside.  Why would anyone want to listen to a cover band when they just heard the real thing 10 minutes ago, really odd choice.  My friend and I did a walk through on the inside, and I definitely got the Jersey Shore vibe.  We walked back out and grabbed a beer, and hung out for a bit.  I did enjoy being able to chill outside with my beer.  I'm sure I'll be back, and all the TVs definitely provide a nice spot for enjoying some games, but I'll be avoiding this place if there's a crowd there.Probably the worst nachos I've ever had. It was like someone opened a bag of chips and squirted ranch dressing on them. Seriously, I have eaten a lot of nachos in my life; these were the worst.I got here early to get a good seat with my son... At the family fun night we got a good  table then was asked  to move because they needed to sit a bigger party...I got here early for nothing...and not to mention there are no black host and hostess...I was at your venue last night a few friends my friend that was visiting from Chicago, was taking a picture of the room they had the mechanical bull. One of your lovely bar tenders pegged a lime at his head and myself for takin photos there. I'm not sure if she was say anything because it was so loud. But to peg a lime at a customer is totally unacceptable and pegging a partially def guy? What if she were to hit his hearings aid, who would pay for that? We could easily file for assault charges. This was last night 11/26/2016. The bartender that had that booth of beers closest to the window near the fire pit outside.Knowing full well Joey Bagadonuts from South Philly ain't making his decision on where to go blow off a bit of steam on a Saturday by reading Yelp reviews this is probably all pointless anyway.
I ended up here after a work event at CBP and was legitimately shocked when they asked for $20 per person at the door to walk in.  This place is filled with...well you know the types.  Hardcore Eagles fans.  I'll leave it at that.
So I thought to myself - Xfinity...Comcast...this is their model!  When you're down at the stadiums and want a drink what are you gonna do, NOT go in here?  Like, are you not going to have a TV?  Oh you want to go to McFadden's (Verizon) instead?  Jokes on you buddy, it's the same darn racket!  So you either drive, subway elsewhere or suck it up.  Many choose to suck it up, either by forking over the money for slobs dancing on bars or cable thus Comcast builds another tower and...man I've got it all figured out huh?
Where's Netflix?Food was delicious. Drinks were good. No frozen drinks though - that was a bummer. Quesadillas were very good. Mini cheeseburger sliders were amazing. We went to the NBC sports lounge (?) about 1 hour before the Flyers playoff game 4 (against the capitals). Server was very nice and service was faster than you would assume it would be on the night if a Philly playoff game.Okay. I'm not the demographic they are looking for here. That demo is the 21 -27 year old crowd. You need to be 21 to enter cause they card you. And you need to be a big beer drinker (and willing to pay $5.00 for a Miller Lite) because that's basically what they are selling here. Any you have want to want to be a "party person" because - despite the TV screens - the music is loud and trying to create a vibe.  
I went for my first - and probably last - visit last night. It was packed at 7pm even though the parking was not free since there was an event at Wells Fargo Center.
The food options are the Spectrum Café - a quiet upscale restaurant with prices equaling The Palm, Another place with burgers in the $9.00 range. Chickie and Pete's walk up window (with a long line) selling just Crab Fries at $9.00 (cheese was $1.50 extra), A raw bar - Shrimp 6 for $12. - and The Original Philly Cheese steak. I chose the latter and they had two kinds of Cheese Steaks - Rib Eye and another kind of beef). Sign said Sandwich with, or without, onions $9.00 (for the rib eye) Cheese was $1.00 more. Nothing comes with it.  I ordered one with onion and no cheese and presented my credit card. The receipt came out showing $10.00 (plus tax). I asked if there was a charge for onions. The employee said "yes, $1.00). I pointed out that the sign said "With our without onions $9.00". She said "the sign is wrong". I asked for a manager - I was annoyed - and he came over. I pointed out the issue. His reply: "It's whatever the machine - meaning the register - charges.". This from a possibly educated person. Anyway, after they realized I was walking away, they just gave me a dollar bill. How was the sandwich?  I've had better from street vendors (for $3.50 INCLUDING cheese).
So if you want to be with the "in crowd", drink pricey beer and crab fries, and have funds to spare, go. But you won't see me there.Maybe I'm biased because I've never had to fight the crowds here on a packed Sunday Eagles game or another sports game but when we came here on a Sunday night before the RHCP concert, this place was amazing! Conveniently placed and massive on the inside, it was the perfect place to jam out and get a few drinks before the concert started. Yes, the prices were really expensive-ish compared to the other places we drank in the city, but its good quality drinks. I wish they had such an awesome venue in DC but alas, all our stadiums are too spread out. Definitely will be here next time I go to an event in Philly!Xfinity Live is one of those places that offers a new experience each time you go. 
The venue is HUGE and offers a variety of mini bars/hangouts inside and out. The main room consists of a gigantic main bar and a huge screen for any sports that are going on.  My personal favorite spot in Xfinity is the Chickies and Petes- the line is never long and the fries are always hot! 
Xfinity host everything from a regular night out to festivals and themed parties. Please note- that Xfinity's special events often require pre purchased tickets- alot of times the tickets are discounted on sites like Groupon- so look around before purchasing directly from Xfinity. I've been to two of their ticketed events:
   1. Oxtoberfest- Tickets to this event were $25- $40 which included a small plastic mug and unlimited beer tastings for a few hours. The place was packed, but the event was well run. 
   2. Halloween Party- Tickets were $10 and just included entrance.
Xfinity does offer some free events as well. Recently they had a free Taking Back Sunday concert for the kick off of football season which was free to enter.  
Whether or not you have to pay an entrance fee- a night at Xfinity will cost you. The drinks are fairly expensive and there are tons of add on things for you to pay for like food or activities such as riding the mechanical bull or photo booth. 
Xfinity is easy to get to- as they have parking and are located sets away from the subway. Xfinity is also just outside all the Philly stadiums- making it a great place to get a drink before or after a game. 
This is a great place to go for a night out in philly or to experience a unique event.Bartenders are rude and antisocial. Otherwise, great atmosphere.Great location to find the perfect watering hole. Will be back for sure!Geno's Steaks...you'd be better off making your own at home.  Nothing more than Steak-Umms.Went to this place after a Phillies game. The bartender was busy but the bar back was polite asking how we were doing and mentioned that he couldn't serve us but that Scott, the bartender, would be happy to help. Scott stormed over and asked the bar back WtF he was doing talking to his people, mentioned that he gets paid off of customers and to leave them alone. Made the whole group feel super uncomfortable as the bAr ack was polite and did exactly as asked. The bartender was a total douche to the bar back. We declined any further service on account of the rudeness of Scott. I didn't want to give him any of my money. Rather, I waited for the nice bar back but couldn't find him and am nervous he was reprimanded for good manners rather than that guy Scott's douchebaggery. Will never come back except to complain and tip the nice bar back. TREAT PEOPLE WITH RESPECT.After a Phillie's game we stopped in here for a drink and to watch the NBA playoff game.  We were visiting from out of town and really had no idea what this place was about.  At first I found it to be a little much.  But then we ended up at Victory Beer Hall.  It's interesting its all Victory beer, but luckily its a good brewery.  Because the Phillies won they also had beer special on Miller lites.  The place isn't cheap.  At first it was pretty empty but it got busy as the night went on.  
The best part was the live music.  We saw 2 AM Tokyo that was alternative/hip hop cover band and they were amazing, pretty much covering all my favorite songs from my teens.  They were very entertaining and talented.  We also talked to them a bit before the show and super nice guys.  It was a good environment for it, with the large tables and people dancing on top of the tables.
We stopped into PBR as well.  But weren't impressed by this, we live in Texas, so the country theme was a little cheesy to us.  
I wish we were hungry because it looked like they had some fun local food options.Ian was a great bartender. Super friendly and down to earth. I will definitely be back because of the service. It was my first time here, to watch the home run derby. I heard this place gets crazy during sporting events..my only suggestion, is to do a special during non sporting events to bring more people in on Mondays! Thanks Ian for being an all round cool dude. My boyfriend and I will be back soon!Good place to get some drinks before any game or concert. I've had the wings each time I've gone and they are good. You can get just about any drink you want to have. Easy to walk to the metro and get to the stadiums.Someone told me when I visited NOLA a few months ago, "If you don't have fun in New Orleans, it's not the place, it's you."  And that's exactly how I feel about these people giving Xfinity Live bad ratings.  I am a Cleveland sports fan, so I will tell you the one thing keeping me from 5 stars is that it's all Philly sports (yea, yea, I get it, I live in Philly).  Other than that though, the place is so much fun.  I have yet to have a bad time while I'm there.  Such a great addition to the sports complex!It seems that this is Philly's version of LA Live!  I have been here for multiple occasions and really think it's a great addition to the South Philly Sports Complex.  
However, the bars are very basic and run of the mill places - that aside, I do enjoy myself whether watching those brave enough to ride a bull at PBR or enjoying a beer at Victory Brewery.  Their Oktoberfest continues to grow larger and larger each year.  Having gone two years in a row, I have seen the event triple in both attendance and size.  The only opportunity there is to have more than three stations for the food included in the ticket.  Food waits could be easily an hour and while the portions were definitely dinner sized, I'm not sure they were worth a wait that long.  
Overall, it's a good spot for a beer post-hanging out at one of the sports complexes or being there for a special event.The only reason to visit this place is if the sixers (I mean when the sixers) get blown out and you need some Victory beers and half-naked ladies twerking on a bar.  The rest rooms are tastefully decorated and the bouncers always smell nice.Epic waste of time today. We with family for Eagles home opener.  Xfinity staff was ill prepared, over whelmed.  Many open areas visable to all in line. We were told "We are at maximum capacity."  They had no control over lines , people were cutting lines, fights were starting.  Don't waste your money or time here. They have no idea on handling crowds.I really enjoy the atmosphere. There is a lot to look at. It will be great for phillies games. 
My only problem is that its freezing cold in here.Ok I'm gonna be honest. The only reason why this place got two stars was because of the atmosphere. It has at least ten bars scattered around everywhere. And the food is ok. I've been here six times. Twice was with bottle service which isn't even worth it.  Anyway I'm giving this place two stars because of the management. I don't care how nice the place is inside if you have a-holes running it then your gonna get a bad review. 
I'm gonna tell you about my past experiences with this place I'm extremely disappointed in. On two different occasions the staff was literally sitting the whole night with my friends trying to hit on them and get their numbers. I honestly thought they were customers and didn't care but i later found out they were the staff. The second time they did it again! Leave us alone! Your fucking working! This happened twice in the bottle service area. The one guy that was on the clock was all over my one friend. I don't care if your a normal dude but not the staff. They are extremely unprofessional. And we won't be back mainly because we have to watch out for some of the staff members. And to make matters so much worse the bartender in the bottle service area was a serious dick. He did not pay attention to the guys.  He was hitting on the girls and serving them. It got to the point where he was being such a blatant asshole I had to go to another bar within the place just to get a beer. And what really pisses me off is that bar wasn't really packed. It was in a more private setting. So there wasn't too many people for him to serve. I didn't say anything to get him mad. And there were about three other guys waiting for him to get done talking to some girl to not even serve us anyway. Yea he's the one with the fo-hawk at the u-shaped bar in the bottle service area. Don't expect anything from him but a bad attitude. 
I don't write reviews. I made a yelp account just to make this one review. Xfinity needs to make a serious upgrade in management. I run a business and I always say you can have the biggest, nicest looking place inside and out but you're only as good as the staff who run it.  Xfinity is nothing but show. It looks awesome inside and out but the staff brings it down.Sports! I like em...
This place is so shiny and new...I can't wait to see it in a year....
I think your opinion of Xfinity will depend on the night you go.  On an weekend night after the Phils win, this place has the potential to attract the Bro's and Ho's of Philly as a stage to display their mating rituals.  However, those of us less inclined to put massive amounts of gel into our hair can still have an awesome time here.  I had such an evening last night as it was a Wednesday, the sixers were the only team in town, and they were playing the Raptors.  My friend and I only had time for one beer after we walked around a bit.  We both got Leinenkugel's (though the bartender said it was the summer shandy, it wasn't) and sat outside to enjoy the beautifull night.  What can I say, I like fruity beer, 60 degree weather and andirondack chairs.
The staff was ridiculously helpful, opening doors and being overly friendly (are we in South Philly anymore toto?).  
Needless to say, despite the probability of encountering dude douchery and other antics, I will be back!Nope.  I have been here a couple times and I am not impressed.  This past weekend, I went for a beer tasting.  
They advertised 200 beers.  You can't see what is being served until you get there.  Some of those 200 beers were Miller Lite, Coors Light, Miller High Life.  I have been to other beer tastings that had more interesting things available in their 60 beer lineup than what was available here.  We also paid for VIP tickets so that we could get an extra hour and access to all of the beer (some of the beer, and what I would say were more of the interesting beers, were only available in a VIP section).  
Most of the staff that was serving the beer had no idea what they were serving.  It is a beer tasting event, the whole point is to try all sorts of beer that you cannot normal drink.  Often, there was just a name of a brewery and beer, without even the style of beer.  
When we arrived at 2 pm (when the event started) they were not ready for us, they had not even tapped a lot of the kegs yet.  An hour before the event was over, they started shutting down all of the kegs and kept trying to kick us out of the VIP section so that they could clean and be ready for the next customers at 7 pm (the time that our event was supposed to be ending).  It felt like a bait and switch.  We paid for something, and then were not given access to what we paid for.  
It felt like Xfinity was nickel-and-diming about anything that they could... which is funny, because that's the same experience that I get with my Xfinity internet. I suppose I should not be surprised.I came here on July 27th before the Panic! At the Disco concert at the Wells Fargo Center with two other people. We arrived very early for the concert, but came here for a quick bite. We were pleasantly pleased with the food and the prices weren't too bad. It was much cheaper than what you would normally order inside the venue. I ordered a turkey club which came with fries and those that came with me ordered different sandwiches. We all enjoyed what we ate and got a decent portion.What a great local bar.  My husband loved the beer selection.  The bar tender was very knowledgeable and suggested a beer that I liked.  The homemade pierogies were the best I've ever had.  This bar is less than 10 mins to the sports arenas.  I can't wait to go back for the kielbasa hamburger!On December 22, 2013, I and my family of 4 went to the NBC Sport Arena located in Xfinity Live to watch the Sunday football games at noon. When we got to the NBC Sport Arena the Hostess asked "if we had a table reserved". We didn't make reservations and the Hostess explained that there was a table minimum to get service there. We was okay with that there was 4 of us and we settled on the 4-Top table $30 per person. We explained that we are staying until the Eagles game that starts at 7pm. So she double checked the reservations and found us a table that we could stay at. Then at 1.45pm a new Hostess came to our table and said the table is now booked out and let slip that Paula the Sales Manager made new bookings and now we needed to be moved. We asked to speak to Paula. When Paula finally came over to speak to us she was very rude. She said the Hostess made a mistake and we now have to move because the table is booked out at 2.30 pm. After telling her our story she basically told us "no there was nothing she would do for us" we had to move to a table with barstools instead of the nice seats we was sitting at. So we said "if we have to move then are you going to discount our bill", Paula told us "no but she would buy us a round of drinks". We are to say the least- speechless.
Unfortunately, your customer service was not performed well or as expected for a business because we were already seated and ordering over $100 in food and drinks. I am disappointed because why a business would upset customers you already have paying. This was not just us there were other groups getting the same treatment. How can you have a good sense of business doing this regularly?this place will rip you off every chance they get. $20 cover charge, $6 miller lites, $4 coat check = ripoff. and if theres a sporting event going on, your gonna pay about $20 bucks to park.Obnoxiously loud and soulless. I understand that this was going to be a corporate-driven commercial establishment before it opened but it is still underwhelming even with some of the restaurant upgrades they have made since it opened.
Wait staff (at least the females) seem like they are hired more on looks/visual appeal than competence or previous experience. Service ranges from average to 'light yourself on fire' to get timely service.  
If you are in your 20s and can't/don't want to pay to purchase a ticket to the actual sporting event, I can understand the appeal of coming here instead. Myself I avoid this place like the plague. The kicker is the cover they charge to enter and then the additional cover that some bars also charge too.  
If I wasn't coming to a game, there are a number of other places I would rather go downtown to watch the game instead including even Chickie's and Pete's. Better food, more reasonable prices, and no cover at most of them.Outdoor bar this time. OK beer selection, but great venue. Wonderful spot to get a few before the game. Good vibes, helpful (if not overzealous) bartenders. Will be back.My first time at Xfinity Live and I was really impressed. I imagined it to be an extension of the stadiums, overpriced sports bar, like McFadden's. 
However, the setup is cool, with four different themed bars. One is the Victory Beer hall which is great for any craft beer lover and they have a deck with a fire pit. Another bar is the PBR bar which has a mechanical bull. Who doesn't love that for at least a few minutes. They also have an outside patio with a huge big screen and its own separate bar. 
Who needs tickets to the game when you've got everything you need right here?  I'm glad I finally made it to Xfinity Live because it is a great addition to the sports complex.Xfinity Live is a great sports or going out experience.  There is so much to choose from and cover and drinks are standard priced.  What I love about Xfinity Live is CHOICE.  You can hop from bar to bar and also enjoy the center area.  There are often live bands and music is always good.  I prefer Victory over some of the other bars but prefer to keep it moving. Definitely worth a night out or two or twelve....Xfinity Live is one of my happy places. As an avid Philly sports fan I welcomed the opening of this huge venue that is home to 4 different bar/ restaurants and offers a large communal space that hosts ridiculously huge TVs to watch any game your heart desires on.  My favorite place in Xfinity is PBR by a longshot. They play country music, have a mechanical bull and Leinenkugel's Sunset Wheat is constantly on tap. What more can a girl ask for?
Oh yeah... a seat. This place is absolutely awful during Eagles games. I've gone a few times while the Birds were playing in, and away, from home and have struggled to find a space inside of the huge arena. The one time I made sure to get there super early before any games began I was told that all the tables were reserved and if I wanted to reserve two seats (one in front of a pole to the side), I could do so for $40 per seat. Come on, Xfinity! Cut a fan a break here.
I've also gotten pretty sick every time I've eaten at Xfinity. I've only ordered from the main bar in the center of the facility and from PBR but each time I left with a bad case of food poisoning. I don't know if both times were flukes or not but I refuse to possibly put myself in an uncomfortable situation by ordering from the other bar/restaurants inside of Xfinity.
The back of the venue has a large stage and I've heard some good, and some bad, performances before and after sports games. It also seems to be a pretty happening place for Philly nightlife. I remember seeing girls in club dresses arrive right after the Phillies game ended during the Summer. 
All in all, this isn't a bad spot at all. I've even been offered free happy hours at Broad Street Bullies and PBR... still not quite sure how that happened, but it did! I'd definitely recommend for watching sports games, outside of the Philadelphia Eagles.Don't expect to much during an Eagles game.! Everyone is there to watch the game and the fan base is crazy so service gets a little slow and there's almost NO room to walk. Bring cash for the entrance fee but if you're military it's free :)This rating is more for the nightlife/drinking atmosphere then the actual dining at the restaurants (food I have had here is bar food, so hard to give higher than 2-3 stars if rating was based on dining).  
This place is awesome to go drinking for games or just a good time on a Friday/Saturday night.   It is absolutely huge, indoor and outdoor.  I really mean huge, nothing else like it in Philadelphia.  I am not a big fan of the PBR bar, but I love the Victory Brew hall and broad street bullys bar.  This is what makes this place great, it has many different bars with different atmospheres that caters to everyones interests, so if you only try out one bar while you there and do not like it, it is worth another shot to try out a different bar.  Sometimes it is fun enough just to hang out in the market place if you want to watch a game on the huge big screen.  Only downfall is there is nothing else around it, except the stadiums, hence the reason I giving it 4 rather than 5 stars.  However place is so big that this is only a minor issue.First...  You have to get a sense of the layout of this place.  The complex has a main central "Philly Marketplace area."  In the front is the "NBC Sports Arena" with a bar and tons of TVs above it including the biggest HD TV I have ever seen (32 foot diagonal!).  The TV admittedly looked phenomenal.  Behind this is a VIP seating area, another bar you can hit, and then a another VIP bar area that annoyingly blocks foot traffic.  By the way, it was $20 to sit in these VIP areas on the main floor during the game.  Uh, what?
Around the outside of this is attached 4 separate pub/restaurants: The Victory Beer Hall, Broad St. Bullies Pub, PBR Bar & Grill and the Spectrum Grill.  There's also a Chickie's and Pete's, an anonymous cheesesteak place ("The Original Philadelphia Cheeseteak Company" what?), a sports shop, etc.  In the back (towards the Wells Fargo Center/Linc) there is a big outdoor area also with a huge TV.
The Victory Beer Hall looked nice inside.  They had tons of their good stuff on tap as well as Dogfish 60, Weyerbacher Merry Monks, oh, and Blue Moon?  Anyway, I think these were all $7.  When we left there to wander we had to trade our pint glasses for plastic cups.  Seems each establishment is run differently and they don't want you stealing their glassware.  On the main floor they had more standard tap selections though we did drink some Yards Pale Ale at $6.
We were there on a Saturday afternoon for the last Flyers game of the '11-'12 season vs. the Pens.  It was an away game but it was PACKED.  A bit of a challenge to get around and grab a beer.  I don't know how often this will be the case, or if it was for this particular game, or if it's because the complex is new, or a combination of the former, or whatever.  But, overall, it was a good atmosphere for watching the game because that's what everyone was there for.
It's hard to say how to feel about this one.  The design is kind of neat though it could have been larger to accommodate more people, since if you're not at the game or tailgating and aren't at McFadden's, this is the only other option.  Victory looks likes a nice space and a place to get some good beer.  I was hoping for slightly cheaper beers, but I knew that was a pipe dream...  The outdoor space looks like it could be fun, then again, you might as well tailgate right outside and watch their big TV.  It still has an overall douchey feel, and a douchey name, but what else would I have expected from something named after Comcast?
Overall, I would have given it 2 stars, but because Victory is involved and for lack of other options by the stadium, I'll give it three.  (Let's just get a real cheesesteak place in there for chrissakes.)I've been to Xfinity many times with the most recent being after the Coldplay concert. The line to get in moved very quickly. Once we got in, we headed straight for Broad Street Bullies bar. Unfortunately, the bartender messed up my order but other than that I had a great time. Fun atmosphere, good music, quick service. I would definitely recommend Xfinity to anyone who is in the area for a concert or sporting event!I had to give Xfinity Live! 2 stars for my experience and 5 stars for their robbery of their customers.  Before stepping foot in this place, I had already spent $20 on their cover charge.  Readers, this is not a typo--yes I said TWENTY DOLLARS.  It should be a crime for charging that absurd amount and take advantage of people.  I usually don't complain about a cover especially if it's to see a band or at more of a club as long as it's not more than $10.  But this is a sports bar complex-- in no way should it be that much.  As if the cover charge wasn't bad enough, I joined some friends who already had a table and sat down.  The waitress looked like she wanted to be anywhere else but there.  She had a huge attitude the whole time I was there, didn't smile, and couldn't wait until she was done.  If I am spending that much on a cover charge the service better be the best I've ever received and you better have butterflies coming out of your ass you're in such a good mood.  I made a comment to my friend after being there for 5 minutes and he said she's been like that the whole time.  As for the place itself, it features a plethora of varying options.  The area I spent most of my time was a country style bar complete with a mechanical bull and plenty of eye-catching, chaps wearing girls dancing.  In the main section there are TVs galore perfect for watching the games.  Towards the end of the night there is a DJ playing and seems like it wants to be a club.I'm not a big sports bar or (sports) fanatic unless it's MMA, but this place is pretty cool. I actually came here with some friends and family we all had a great time.My brother and I just left Xfinity Live after an unpleasant evening.    Upon arrival, I wasn't allowed in because I had a backpack.  I carry it everywhere, like a purse.  I don't use a purse, I use a backpack. I even offered for them to check it and the guy said no. My brother traveled over an hour for us to go out and watch the Flyers I think that's a harsh rule. I can take my backpack into the Wells Fargo Center and Citizens Bank Park.  I should be able to take it in there, too.  After we got in, we ordered our food and beverages.  For an appetizer we got the cheesesteak egg rolls.  We got 3...3 egg rolls for what, $8?  Never again..what a rip off.  Our cheeseburgers came with about 10 fries. Why did we have to pay $2 extra for fries when we barely got any?  I can't believe the amount of food we received for the price we paid.  In the middle of service, our waiter had to leave and we got a new waitress.  We paid our bill to the waiter and our new waitress never came to offer us new drinks or even see if we wanted to order anything else.  She walked by us a dozen times, saw our empty cups, and didn't say a thing. Even more terrible service.  The worse part was that we were there to watch the Flyers.  I understand that the basketball game took precedence, however, the Flyers game was taken off the screens with about 2 minutes left of play to put on a boxing match.  I know we weren't the only ones there to watch hockey.  I'm sure there were some people there to watch the fight.  However, we couldn't even finish watching the game.  I got up to complain and the guy said he would try to put it back on but by then it wasn't even worth it and we just left.  Poor food, poor service, poor attitude.  Can't see why I'd want to go back again.Worse place I have ever been period. First off I go in waiting for the rest of my family and a very rude waiter comes up to us and says would you like something to drink in a mean way. Then I ask for a water and he rolls his eyes then my dad asked for a coffee he seem like he was asking for the world and started laughing at him and said you got me. They have so many beers on draft but none that I drink. when my mom asked what do you have he got angry and walked away. When my family arrived we asked for a booth they gave us a small little table with a sofa sitting far away. We had to sit on the floor. And when the waitress comes over my family that had just arrived asked what kind of beers they had. She had no clue any beer brands at all. And so she walked away then we went up to the bar and she said can I have the stone beer(disgusting 10$ for 1)  the man behind the bar said "do you have a waitress" then my family member said "yes" then he said "then wait for her you cannot order from me" and when I ordered my food not the best I have had. And before we went to see the hockey game we all went to the bathroom my feet stuck to the floor stalls were disgusting. I will never go back. They need to get there stuff together and improve there customer service.I'm writing about two different incidences, one exceptionally great experience and one not so great experience. The first experience came last June when I was in town to see my baseball team the Orioles play the Phillies. The other last August when the Ravens played the Eagles. The first experience happened at the NBC restaurant after admitting we were there to cheer for the Orioles. The waiter as friendly as he could be talked to us about the ballpark and gave us tips to make our night great, he even spoke about Camden Yards. This wasn't an isolated incident either; many people dining that night were dressed in orange and were being treated with the same respect and kindness. Thanks to the waiter we felt welcome. For the Eagles game however it was very different. Most of the restaurants and individual seating was blocked off for privilege parties, I got a cheese steak from one of the few strands Open to the public but had to eat standing. After the game we tried to enter again and was told there was a cover charge, the other times I was there I didn't have to pay a cover charge or show ID.I'm really not understanding what all the hype is about with Xfinity LIVE.  It's overpriced, crowded, and full of band wagon jumpers or people from out of town. 
As a die-hard Flyers fan I figured I'd check it out before going to the game and was disappointed. The beers were $7 which is ridiculous because they are only 50 cents more at the actual game.  The service was slow although I did go the 2nd week they were open so they may have been working out the kinks still and training the staff.
I had an OK time and I think you should definitely check it out to see what you think.  Personally I'd rather watch the games at Chickie and Petes or a neighborhood sports bar where it's not as crowded, where the servers/bartenders are available, where the food and drinks are reasonably priced, and where the real fans watch the game.This place is so much fun- i cannot wait to go back. I went with a group of friends and we had such a good time. You pay $10 to enter and then there are a multitude of bars with various music/styles in each. There is a bar for everyone in there. Drinks are what you expect for the area. Its about 7 for a mixed drink but at least it wasnt watered down. they even  have a place with firepits . in the center of all the bars, you can also gather to dance. They also sell food. You definitely have to try this place out. Its a blastFinally!  A place besides McFadden's at the Ballpark and Chickie's & Pete's by the Philly sports complex.  This place is like a mall of food options.  The drink deals are reasonable, at least at the couple places I've tried inside.  My favorite feature of this place is the multi-faceted Philly-skyline shaped projection screen.  Go find it and be mesmerized.  (NOT for those who are epileptic!)
My only 'issue' is that it's not big enough for it's function.  Perhaps this will be solved once all the phases of development/construction are complete... if that ever happens.  Until then, be ready for butt-to-balls crowds in this entertaining complex.  The new best place to watch any Philly game... without a ticket.If you haven't paid a visit to the brand new Xfinity Live! complex, you are missing out.  With a variety of taverns and restaurants to drink/eat at, it the new hot spot for Philadelphia sports fans.  You can go to the Victory Beer Hall, where there is a variety of different brands of Victory beer brewed right in Downingtown, PA.  You can get a regular 16 oz. glass, or a giant mug for $13.  Or you can visit the PBR Bar & Grille and ride the mechanical bull.  As far as price, it's pretty much what you could expect to spend in the stadium.  They aren't much better, but rest assured you get what you pay for.  It's a good place to go and grab a drink with friends before the game, but the longer you stay, it will most likely become more crowded and expensive.Horribly managed. Lines are not organized. Over priced cover. Of course they don't care because it's all about the money not about the service or customer experienceThese people don't serve gays. Fuck your hyped up low life establishment. I'd give this 0 stars if I could.Being from Pittsburgh I had always heard of this magical sports and booze palace that only existed in the 'shadowy place' that is Philadelphia.  
This past weekend I found myself visiting Philadelphia, which is a rare occurrence, so I decided my group of friends I was traveling with and I needed to see what all the talk was about.  And we had a blast!! On an unrelated note, it may have been luck but we were surprised to find that Philly Uber drivers are some of the nicest out of any city we have traveled in.
We enjoyed the aspect of 5 bars that were all different from each other but still meshed together in a really synergistic and cohesive way.  Good, thoughtful planning went into this center.
The only thing we didn't understand was why the food closed before the bars closed?! People love cheesesteaks and crab fries after imbibing all night, don't they?! No matter, we wandered off to Tony Luke's to satisfy our cravings.
We all agreed that while we love our big city in Southwestern PA (more), which still has plenty of the best late night and sports bars/clubs..we are incredibly jealous that Pittsburgh does not have something similar to enjoy a game or night out.yeah man like I think it's not too bad here. I went about a good month ago and I would say this is the place. I thought Mcfaddens and Harrah's Pool would be awesome but those 2 were total lamesauce. Xfinity Live is pretty sweet, broskis
PROS: 
- Free parking and admission ^_^
- Nice live bands and good room to dance outside
- hot girls around (joy)
CONS:
:/ ..... umm chicks have boyfriends over there
.... ummm I don't know. yeah that's it.I've had a range of experiences at this place.  One of the best times I've had watching a sporting event in a long, long time was the Flyers 8-4 win over Pittsburgh during the playoffs this year.  Drink prices are reasonable, but mostly because I'm comparing them to stadium prices.  Even when packed the middle area isn't terrible for grabbing drinks from the bar.
What detracts from this place above all is the food.  I've tried Victory Beer Hall, Broad Street Bullies, and PBR Grill and they all suck.  Like, worse than stadium food.  Sausages at Victory weren't even hot, burger at Bullies was plain and overprices, everything at PBR was poor quality and again overpriced.  I wouldn't recommend eating here.
To sum it up, come here, watch a big game with a great crowd for that sort of thing, maybe grab a drink pre-game but otherwise this place falls short.With a name like Xfinity or Comcast, this place has to be awesome with super customer service, right?  Well?  WRONG!!!  
My boss and I got here at about 5:50 on Thursday, June 25, 2015 and were promptly seated and and our order was taken at about 6:00 PM straight up.  Things seemed to be looking up.  We were in the PBR grill and thought everything would be awesome as we prepared to go see Rush in concert at the Wells Fargo Center, a show that started at 7:30PM.  We were a bit mistaken.
Our server began telling us about 6:20 that our food would be right out.  We ordered an appetizer, a cup of soup and a burger with fries, fairly standard fare.  We began noticing that all of these people that arrived after us and ordered after us had their food but we didn't.  At 6:35 we were told it would be just five more minutes on our food.  At 6:45, plates, napkins and silverware were delivered to us.  At 6:55PM, I asked for the check because 55 minutes after ordering we still had no food.
I am not sure if they forgot our order, delivered it to the wrong table or what but the service just absolutely sucked.  This place really lives up to the Comcast brand's reputation, slow, unreliable and awful customer service.  If you are going to one of the stadiums, do yourself a favor and eat prior to parking because this could be you.If you like country bull riding and crowded areas then I would recommend this place. Definitely a big area with plenty of places to explore which makes it decent for watching sporting events.Horrible. My fiancée tried to go here for her bachelorette party, specifically the PBR bar. Even though her entire wedding party, and even me, tried to email every contact from EVERY bar on their website, they were turned away at the door. They had more than 6 women in one party and they were actually not just turned away, the bouncers were very disrespectful. I'm glad I wasn't actually with them. 
I used to go to company events here all the time, but you won't see me frequenting there again. The last time my company had the entire place rented out until 8:30 and they called "last call" at 8:10 and would give anyone waters, saying they were too busy.
It's a great concept with horrible service and poorly executed.My uncle was in from out of town and happened to be going to a Phillies game. We decided to meet here for lunch because it was convenient. Service was ok. Food wasn't great. Food took forever to come and when it did my pizza was burnt so I had to wait for forever for them to make me another. I had walked out to my car to grab a sweatshirt because I was cold and the parking attendant that wasn't there when I had gotten there an hour prior informed me that I needed to pay for parking. I told him I had been there from an hour and was just eating lunch and I wasn't staying for the game he said that it didn't matter because they were going to start towing cars out of the lot. Already annoyed that I had a a crappy lunch and had to pay for it, I paid $26.00 for ridiculous parking as well just to be able to spend another hour with family before they went to the game. The whole situation was ridiculous and I probably won't come back again even if I were to go to a game in one of the nearby stadiums.I want to like this place....I really do.  Maybe going on a Friday night a week after it opened wasn't the best idea, but I figured when the only thing in town was a Wings game maybe it wouldn't be TOO crazy at Xfinity.  I was wrong.  I completely understand that this is the type of place that is going to want to cater to the masses so that people will want to come year round.  But does that mean the place has to play DJ music or have a cover band playing at 250 decibles in EVERY venue?  I get it...you want to create a party atmosphere.  But at least provide ONE venue for those of us who just want to stop in before or after a game for a drink.  I would think that Victory Beer Hall would be the perfect venue for this, but no....terrible cover band on stage, a ridiculous line to get a beer and a bunch of jersey shore sluts dancing on the tables is not what I had in mind.  I'll give this place another try at an off time, but I honestly do not see myself coming here very often if this is the type of crowd it's going to cater to all of the time.I've had a couple of fun times now at Xfinity live since it has opened.  I haven't been to all of the places yet but the ones that I have been have been good.  I'll admit I wouldn't really go here looking for the best food.  What I've had so far has been par for the course from places that are more concerned about serving beer than great food.  The atmosphere of Xfinity Live though is great to hangout and watch the game.  They have a ton of televisions around the place and one really huge one in the center of the main bar area.  
There are a lot of events around the place and showing up could land you some free tickets to whatever game is in town for the night if you're lucky.  They also have a great outside area to hangout and get some bar food.  There is a stage out there and if it's even decent weather they will have some sort of live music going on.  If you're going to a game I would suggest planning to go early so that you can hit this place up.  It fills up really quickly so the earlier the better and especially if you expect on trying to eat in one of it's many restaurants.  I've been told there were hour waits and longer for some of them and the game was starting in less than that time.  I'm sure this place has already held some people up from getting to games on time.  There is every type of food in this place that you could really want when going to a game so check it out if you're in the area!I hate writing crappy reviews but this place gets under my skin... Food-awesome... 5 dollar Cheesy burger at lunch time... Off the charts... I've now been here 4 days in a row for lunch, bc I'm setting up the democratic national convention... First day, I had s great experience... But everyday since has gotten worse and worse... The service is terrible!!... Arrogant, miserable, stupid, and under experienced servers and bartenders... They've blown us off, mishandled bills and completely forgot about orders.... I hate to be a jerk... But come on... These bartenders and servers are makin doe half ass... Do your job and i guarantee the 300 union guys comin in to spend money... Will fill your walletHorrible customer service experience... I'll spare the details, just to say that the staff was not up in the policies... The manager points to the sign as if it's a clear.  If it was so clear there wouldn't have been people asking.  Anyways .. Totally deserving of the 1star.I. Love. This. Place.
Go for Flyers playoff games, it is RIDICULOUS. I go to Xfinity Live a lot, for both sports games and for straight up partying on Fridays/Saturdays. There are three themed bars, a restaurant, and a huge main bar on the main floor.  One bar is Flyers themed with a dj, one bar is country themed with a mechanical bull, and the other is beer themed with a concert stage and table dancing. There are outdoor areas with fire pits, which are fun to chill at (but look out for smokers outside). Everybody seems down to earth and really fun. Easy to meet new people and fun to party with. Most people are good looking and in their mid 20s. There always seems to be an indoor concert when I go to Xfinity Live, and sometimes there is an outdoor concert with their big outdoor stage. They get some pretty good bands in every now and then. 
Whether you go for watching your awesome Philadelphia sports teams surrounded by the best fans on earth, or you are just looking to party on the weekend, I definitely recommend Xfinity Live to anyone in their 20s. This place is awesome!Great place to mark a holiday! My friends and I got tickets for the New Years Eve party here and we rang in the new year with champagne and lots of drinks! The space was great for that night especially when you know every other party in town is going to have long lines at the door, at the bar, for food etc.
I felt like I was almost to overwhelmed by it all and the amount of people to really take in all the fun. That sounds super cheesy but oh well.
Xfinity had very short quick lines and great service for the night. We had no problems getting drinks. The hardest part was probably keeping our group of 5 together. I'd say come here on a night like that or Halloween or a big game and it's definitely a great use of space!Was there the other night for the first time. Specifically wanted to got to the Victory Beer Hall. I love Victory Beer. But I hated this place. Surly, uniformed staff. Really, really really lousy food. The beer was fine but was served too cold.  This place sucks and I later found out that Victory does not run it they just licensed their name to it. I fail to see how this is anything good for them. The rest of the place was full of loud drunks. I'm clearly too old for their target crowd.  Wait till Eagle season starts. The place will most likely be burned to the ground by drunken Eagle fans.  I hope the places a big success but it ain't for meI like xfinity. It's that simple. 
Most recently I went to their Oktoberfest with an insane amount of beer and cider vendors. Before going I imagined a nightmare of lines and annoying amateur drinking but since the property is HUGE it wasn't too bad. Sure, crowded at times but worth it. I had a fantastic time with my friends.
In other times, I've had dud nights where the bands charge too much or it's totally dead. Either way, it's a quick and easy place to go after a game. There are a hand full of places to hang out and all have different scenes. Choose your own adventure.Picture your favorite sports bar...fun place to watch a game and grab a bite to eat right?  Now imagine that that same sports bar abused some bath salts, went into zombie mode, and started biting other bars' heads off!  Throw that bar in the middle of 100,000 of the craziest sports fans in the entire country and that is what you got with Xfinity Live!  
This place is sports, booze, food, and fun crazy.  Whether you walk in the Phillies' side or the Sixers/Flyers entrance you will immediately have two restaurant/bars on your right and left.  Walk forward about 15 paces and you'll have two island bars right in front of you with a couple of high tops that have built in taps on either end.  In 3 of the 4 corners of the room you'll notice some of your favorite pig-out food stands within close proximity.  Forgot your fan gear?  Well that's not a problem with the fan shop being just across the room.  Before you can even locate all that, your eyes are going to become glued to a damn near 30 foot Sony HDTV showing your favorite sports event.  Oh yea, there's also two 10-15 foot projections on either side of that TV showing more sports.  If you head out back you got yourself a big outdoor bar just across from an enormous stage that has already hosted bands like Third Eye Blind and Real Big Fish.  Just down the path you'll come across a 30-40 yard turf field set up with some of your favorite tailgating games.  And to top it all off, sprinkle another 5-10 random food and beer stands throughout.  That's Xfinity Live!  Tired yet?
Excessive amounts of everything you'd be looking for in a pregame or postgame sports bar hang out.  Prices are not bad.  Food options are good.  Fans are crazy.  Fun is nearly guaranteed.  If you're a usual at McFadden's or Chickie and Pete's and notice a sudden drop in their numbers, look no further than the face-eating sports-zombie that just moved in across the way!The worst ....food was overpriced and greasy and the cover charge was ridiculous . The security is a joke they think they are police ummmmm hello rent a pretend cop. I would rather eat fast food then to go back and waste my money there . If the had negative stars that would be perfectThis place was awesome! Prices were pretty reasonable and the outside area was great for the warm afternoon!If you are heading to a Philadelphia sporting event - this place is one of the only places truly in walking distance, so no matter how many stars or how I feel, the location makes it more enticing.  Besides location, it is also a cool set up...kind of.  The large central location and televisions make it a great place to watch a game, however, when there is a good game on - it is super crowded and rarely a place to sit down or stand out of the way.  
As far as drinks - it is obviously a bit pricey - but I think that is to be expected.  I have also had food here and it was sub par at best.  I am sure there appetizers are acceptable, but don't come in if you are looking for a super tasty meal. 
A place to stop in and watch a game - if you can snag a spot - it isn't bad, but if you can't find a place to sit, I would head somewhere else to watch a game.Too much stuff going on in one space. Very distracting.. limited choices as far as standard bar food goes.  What is a big sports bar without nachos anywhere in sight?  If you are looking for a variety of foods, drink specials or anything like that- forget it.
We heard there was a spending minimum for many seats once the games started. 
We didn't hang around to find out. We headed home to West Chester where the bars are plenty, the drink specials are plentiful-  and you can get any kind of food you like- for cheap.It's very interesting to see what other people are saying about this place. Especially the negative reviews. I came here the past weekend before going in to the Phillies game. It's basically a huge sports bar with 4-5 more bars inside. Lot of screens and good prices on the drinks as well. The Phillies game was in a rain delay so as the stadium emptied, this place filled up. I can't think of a much better sports environment.Celebrated my 21st birthday a few weeks ago. It was a great time and an awesome place for a big event. We had drink specials because we were a part of a VIP event, but the drinks were still a little expensive. Being VIP there was not a cover charge. It was a fun time and definitely a plus that it had restaurants to eat late night inside. There were games to play and the staffs were very friendly. Go more for the setting than the pricey drinks.Ok guys, don't judge, I kinda, really like Xfinity Live. From the free concerts outside (I'm not just talking about local cover bands... We have personally seen Matisyahu, Buckcherry and Everclear here, to name a few... some really super big name acts-for FREE!), to the ticket required shows inside, FREE family movie nights with crafts and FREE popcorn for the littles, post game or concert specials and super fun events, we always have a good time here. 
The massive place is divided into different sections to suit different tastes. From more of a upscale, lounge type atmosphere at 1100 Social to a riding mechanical bull at PBR, you'll find your groove somewhere here. I personally like the Victory beer garden and outdoor stage the best! Heat lamps, fire pits, it's just chill. There are tv screens everywhere, even outside so you won't miss a second of any game. 
Sure the floors are super sticky all of the time and the restrooms aren't the cleanest on busy nights, but do you remember when there was nothing here?! I think it really adds something to the stadium filled section down in South Philly. 
I won't go out of my way to come here just for a drink, I'm not sure if anyone does. We mainly come for a concert or event, a big sporting game  and for that it's truly great!! We do however always walk over for a drink after a show or game as it's just a stone's throw away form any of the major arenas down here. It's a great way to let the traffic leaving the parking lots settle down before heading out ourselves. 
Very strict with ID's and there are bouncers everywhere. Kids, don't even try it. 
Parking is free on non event nights!If some Philadelphia team is on tv when you're there, then you're in for an Experience! you'll feel as close to being there as humanly possible.  Food is pretty good, and the specials really aren't anything special.  Expect to pay a pretty penny if you're staying for a whole game.  That being said, I think everyone should experience it at least once, I guarantee you won't say that you were bored.Don't ever give this bar your phone number for any reason. I went to this place several years ago maybe a few times, and regrettably gave them my phone number. To this day I still receive constant texts from a different number each time promoting happy hour private party specials and  other crap I don't care about. I have asked several times to be taken off whatever list I'am on to no avail. I can see myself one day in an old age home barely able to walk or speak still getting texts about specials on red headed sluts for happy hour from Xfinity Live!Food was horrible, drinks expensive. Damn, this place sucks. Burger tasted like a dry kitchen sponge, an the wings were comparable to dominos, which suck. Sorry but this place sucksI have gone 3 times now and nothing like what a critic from philly.com wrote regarding a "walmart-ish type of crowd". I was there once after a Phillies game and two other nights with no events. Neither times has it been crowded to the point you are bumping into people just to get through. If you drive, parking is free on non-event nights. The outside area is cool too. Live bands ranging in all types of music from country to rock. There is also a play area for cornhole, ladder golf, jenga and beer pong. Artificial grass looks relaxing but remember to keep your shoes on. 
Beer and food prices comparable to being in the stadiums... guess they need to compete with Aramark. 
Only negative is that the bathrooms are trashed: broken toilets, doors missing from stalls, etc. 
Good place for groups and to watch sports.The options by the stadiums are limited - either being crammed in at McFadden's or in the crowds at Chickie's & Pete's (and then walking a half mile). I was pretty skeptical about the opening of Xfinity Live! and I have to say, this is really impressive. Is it crowded? Definitely. Be prepared to wait in a few lines. Is it expensive? A little - but no more than typical stadium pricing. 
The outdoor patio by Victory Beer Hall is wonderful - picnic tables, a fire pit, and an outside bar. The inside (the Marketplace) is a little tough to navigate with VIP seating and bars in the center, but everything is well marked and the crowds were moving. 
- Happy hour M-F from 4-6. Half price drafts, which means Victory Golden Monkey for an easy to swallow $3.50. [NOTE: Since changed to Thur & Fri only at Victory; M-F at Broad Street Bullies]
- You can go straight to the patio if you go through the back entrance. The outdoor bar at Victory didn't ever seem to be TOO crowded as well. 
- You can walk around with your beer, but it has to be in a plastic cup (convenient stacks located by the doors).Love this place!!! Great place to go to on game days to watch NBA or NFL games... large selection of food and beer if you like it you'll find it here!This place is really cool and theres an exciting atmosphere, I d like to rate it higher but its so expensive and therefore harder to enjoy.  Gauge is $6 for miller lite aluminum bottle, really?  I put Friday & Saturday, but really best whenever there are big game events or concerts.Very Loud, lots of obnoxious patrons, very mediocre food and just expensive. The fact they charge a cover at times just to get into the place is a joke (when there are certain events going on in the adjacent arenas). I guess I've gotten too old to enjoy places like this, so much for being an old fart!!!Not a good experience getting in. Felt discriminated upon by having a man bag, while women get in with oversize purses. But after we got in it was great, the band #SPLIT-DECISION was awesome. Wish I would have known about the murse. Lol.Great place to have beer and snack before a game or concert.
There are several different eating choices.  We opted for the Victory Brewing Company.
Started off with an order of beer.  They serve Victory and have some other craft brews including Southern Tier Pumking, one of my favs for the fall season.
We shared an order of the cheese fries.  Nice crispy fries and an ample amount of cheese.
They have games outside, corn hole, table top Jenga, connect four, table tennis, etc.
Fun place!NYE Live! Philadelphia 2018 at XFINITY Live! - Awful experience & a waste of $720
I arrived at XFINITY Live! at 9pm with five friends. We were hoping to enjoy "5 hours worth of fun", as advertised (http://www.nye-live.com/philadelphia?utm_source=website&utm_medium=calendar). Unfortunately, this was not the case. The line to enter the venue was extremely long and we waited around an hour to enter. Here's the worst part: It was 11 degrees Fahrenheit and Philadelphia was under a Code Blue emergency (i.e., "extremely bitter cold conditions", as declared by the City of Philadelphia). Shame on XFINITY Live! management for forcing people to wait outside in these conditions. It is absolutely inhumane. We paid for 5 hours worth of drinks, 5 hours worth of entertainment, and 2 hours worth of a food buffet (the buffet ended at 11). This is not what we got. Instead, we waited an hour outside in the unbearable cold and by the time we were let in, we were in a terrible mood. Furthermore, almost all of us were sick the next day. Great way to spend New Year's Day!
Around 9:30, I had to use the bathroom. I asked to be let in immediately or otherwise urinate on myself. It took 15 minutes of waiting before management let me in, and I had to leave my state ID with them to ensure that I returned. I spoke to several people collecting tickets and eventually the general manager, Tony Monaco. Tony said that the wait was long because coat check was taking longer than anticipated. I am still puzzled why at an event with hundreds of people in attendance, two or three workers were checking in coats. If it was permitted, I would have gladly kept my coat to avoid waiting outside. Coat check was another $4 on top of the $120 we already paid. This event was terribly organized. 
As a Philadelphia native and a frequent customer, I am utterly disappointed and will no longer do business with XFINITY Live! 
NYE Live! Philadelphia 2019 at XFINITY Live! - No way...not worth $120 per ticket...Great time.  Good beer selections.  Pizza is great.  They get your food to you before the game starts and you don't have to rush to get to the game.  They understand that they are pre game.  Need to update their menu.Loved it!! 
I didn't even know the place existed until last night when I came out for Xtoberfest. While I wasn't thrilled with a few things that happened at the festival (how can you pre-sell tickets and have all vendors run out of food within a couple hours!!??), Xfinity Live itself is awesome.
I'd never been to a place that has several bars like this plus the outdoor stage and open area for events. After Xtoberfest ended, I found myself bouncing from bar to bar inside as the songs changed and I wanted to head elsewhere. One minute I was watching guys on stage in togas singing 80s pop and the next, I was watching girls get flung off a mechanical bull while ladies danced around them in ass-less chaps. Moments later I was outside around a fire as people chilled out and talked while the music was a dull blur in the background. 
I have no idea what the place is like on any given day otherwise, but for a large event like this, it easily held all of the people without feeling too jam-packed (usually). I'd love to come back on a game day to watch on the big screens, but was too distracted by the rest of the festivities to pay much attention to the sports/food area last night. I feel like on maybe on days where there's not a huge event, some of the bars might end up feeling dead in comparison, but I could be wrong.Went here last weekend, first time,  for a party for my friend. It is a pretty neat place with many different rooms and themes. We had some drink specials with 4$ mixers and 3$ beers , 5$ shots. The mixers were pretty light on the liquor but they were only 4$ so cannot complain to much.  The atmosphere is super loud but overall was a decent experience.Worst bar ever! Been here twice. Lousy food, lousy service. Immature waitstaff and management has no clue. Welcome to high school drama!!!Pretty cool place. Plenty of TVs to watch the game. 4 different bars attached to a center atrium that allows everyone to hang out. Food is your average bar food. Surprisly dead crowd the night I went Game 3 MLB World Series. Apparently the crowd comes out later.Cover charge is $20...I got there at 9:17pm on March 15th. The manager told me they decided that night to change the time to pay a cover from 10:00 PM to 9:00 PM. No where on their website does it mention a cover and the manager told me that they "don't have to list it on their website". After much protest I paid because I had invited EIGHT of my friends there and I texted them about the cover so they would not be completely taken off guard like me! Well I guess customer service is not important to them. I won't be spending my hard earned money there anymore.Xfinity live is the best club, places to have a great time with friends to watch the Flyers, Eagles and Phillies games!  I do give 5 stars & much much more!! :)A group of three of us came in from out of town for a game. We arrived super early so decided to hangout at  Broad Street Bullies Pub before the game thinking we could have a beer or two since the game didn't start for another two hours. They seated us at a high top bar table, my seat was wobbly, no big deal. The waitress told us the beer menu was on a scrolling screen so it took some time figuring out what we each wanted. Beers were about $6-9 each. The waitress came back took our drink order, and said they were out of the beer I wanted - it was seasonal. (It's a digital menu - if you don't have it, it shouldn't be on there. It's not like you have to send it to a printing press.) That's fine, I picked something else. 
She came back and asked what we would like to eat. We said, Oh we were just planning on having drinks. She instantly looked annoyed and said if we weren't eating, we couldn't sit there. I'm thinking uhhh, what? We are in a pub, right? I asked her what we should do?  She said we could try finding a seat at the bar and she would be back with our check. 
We just spent with tip $30 for three drinks and had only been there about 15 minutes, but were essentially being thrown out for not ordering food. (We had just had our first famous Philly cheese steak and weren't even hungry.) So there we were with a full beer in one hand and juggling our coats and stuff on the other arm, meanwhile almost all of the tables around us were empty. We walked three laps around the bar with no empty seats. Then stood there, obviously in the way of the wait-staff by the looks we were getting. I could see a pattern here. This must happen to everyone that comes to this 'pub'; which would explain why the bar was full and the rest of the place was empty. 
Don't get me wrong, I get it. They want you to spend more money. However, these kind of rules sound good in theory, but were probably imagined by some middle or upper management person who doesn't realize the kind of terrible user-experience this is in reality. In an effort to drive sales, they've cut out an entire market segment of people willing to spend the same amount of money as the food-eaters.
My last tip: Places that force you to order food shouldn't be called "Pubs", they're called "Grills, Restaurants, Cafes, Bistros, etc." Needless to say, it's unfortunate this was my first impression, because I won't be going back.We were visiting from out of town to see the phillis game; our hotel recommended this to us.  we were at the NBC sports arena. At first seemed exciting place, Service good, so hence the 2 stars.  We are regulars of bar food, so that was our expectation.  Not even close, spinach & artichoke-oil was bad it was coming out of the bowl; ordered pulled pork-not sure what it was. We should have known when the table by us, 6 guys one order of nachos and the guys just picked at it, clue? we ordered the beer bucket-we were told it was 6 for 25; got the bill was charged $30; we were then told corona lights were considered imported so they were more, which we were not advised at the beginning.  the waitress as polite as could be, should have said to her mgr her mistake, but no adjustment was done.  I could honestly say worst bDon't go there on a Saturday night and expect to get food. Nothing is open. Service is slow even when it's not busy. I won't be back.I haven't been down here on foot (meaning: not on my way over the Walt Whitman) in about 10 years. I checked out the Temple Homecoming a couple of days ago and I ready on here that there's normally a cover. I'm glad there was no cover on THAT day or I would've been pretty disappointed. Honestly, I'm not a sports fan I was just getting up with my TU people who I almost never get to see. I suppose the concept is cool depending on the crowd. I really just shot the breeze while everyone else (about 15 of us) got some quick food and drinks. I couldn't get with those prices... $10 fries? ...$15 steak? Take out. Not even brought to you! I paid that at Amada... AMADA! I couldn't get with it, but my TU people were buying those (crab) fries up. I was the only Philly cat in the bunch. Technically they're tourists... so I guess things worked out for everybody.
At the most, I'd come back and try some al-fresco dining or if someone had some cool VIP service package.It's nice to have somewhere air-conditioned to go before you head into a concert, but my Malibu Baybreeze was $7 and didn't appear to have any alcohol in it. The place is also mad crowded, and I had to stand the whole time.My friends and I recently came here for the Pennsylvania Bacon Festival.  First of all, the festival was completely disorganized but this review is for the venue.
The venue is nice and rather large.  The festival was held in the parking lot but the inside was still open.  Inside there are a few bars all facing one another.  Some have seating at tables, others only have seating at the bar.  Absolut has their own little section of the place, as well as Chickie & Pete's.  There are two restaurants that also include an outdoor deck area which looks like it would be nice on a warm day.  The restrooms are VERY clean and I loved the mirrors/sinks but the hand dryers are in the back....Shouldn't they be on the way out?
Overall, it's a decent venue to visit if you recently attended a game or an event.I like the selection of places you get.  For those of you that are not familiar Xfinity is a huge sports bar that also has 4 smaller places in it.  One of them is a smaller irish-type bar, a bull riding place, another spot that a live band often plays, a dance club, the regular area, and a huge outdoor area for live performances.  The cover can be pretty expensive at times.  I do like to come here as it is a bunch of different venues in one spotBULLIES Resturaunt:
So disrespectful!! The hostesses totally blew us off regarding the notification call to let us know our table was available. We were arrogonantly dismissed and told we were called, There was no issue with cell phone coverage, no call was ever made!!
Our Server was extremely frustrated, she did her best to expedite our meal so we didn't miss more of the ball game but it was obvious this hostess experience was a common event !!
Where is management??? Ended up talking to floor manager who clearly indicated they recognize this as an issue..  THEN FIX IT !!
Extremely bad experience at Bullies!!
Bottom line for 2 people:
$50 at the common bar area (1hr 30min)
$45 + tip at Bullies (15 min)
$68 game tickets..  didn't get to seat until 5th inning..
As bars go.. energetic and lots of choices but as the "experience" it is advertised to be.. yah it's loud, yah there are BIG screens but this dining experience shows me where their priorities are.Most of the bartenders give you a lot of attitude. Asked for a water from the lady bartender outside during  the Eagles game, after waiting five minutes I politely reminded her that I asked for a water. Her response "I don't give a fuck about your water".cool place, fun to go if you dont have a huge tailgate set-up or dont want to be bothered with all the trouble....Still love my tailgates though.. Plus beer is not that much cheaper than the stadiumsRude people and terrible beer selection. Don't waste your time coming down here.  No local beer selection. Tourist trap for sure.Total commercial crap. Place is run but a bunch of clowns. 30+ adult gets hassled for his NY ID because according to some guy who likes to feel important and rocks a not properly sized suit to work at xfinity claims it is so easy to fake a NY ID. Apparently he has one 6 months ago when he was drinking underage. So instead of serving us we get a lecture and they serve he guy behind us, who they didn't ID but was obnoxiously yelling for a beer. Total joke and fantastic service. Really know how to run a service oriented place.This is a great option if you're not tailgating! There is an outside section where they have tailgating games set up so you can have the same feel as if he drove in but without having to pay to park. There is several different restaurants to choose from. The food is not what I go there for because I'm not into bar food but atmosphere is great.  Before or during a game or before a concert, it's definitely the place to be. Check out the mechanical bull if your feeling bold! It's a valet parking only so I would recommend taking in Uber!The inside is beautiful! Gigantic HD TV.  Just had a couple beers and looked around.  Lot of cool hi tech things to look at.  Didn't get a chance to have any food.  i really want try the steak house.  i will be spending a lot of time at this place with the upcoming baseball season.  Hopefully my next review will be more detailed. GO PHILLIES!!The staff is mix of good and bad. The prices are not terrible and the pizza at the NBC grill is amazing. I am giving it a low score, because I was issued a VIP card by a head manager. I then went to use it to get in the following week and the guy working the door did not feel like I deserved it I guess? The place is fun at time but can get routine, and some of the staff can be jerks! I know just go to Chickies and PetesThey can't get the register to work during fantasy fest #get a clue
All the $$$ they're losing!!!!  Chickies and petesThis place is amazing!  What a great idea for this part of the city, where unless you went to McFadden's (which I abhor) there was nothing!  
Shiny, new, BIG, bars everywhere, ample bathrooms, REAL bathrooms, and just overall impressive.  
Before the game, easy to get in and grab a quick drink, or even find a table, but after the game, watch out!  You will be standing in a long line, waiting for two to exit so two more can go in...but they will still let you stand on the patio and drink Miller Lite...
I heard there's an over/under on how many fights will break out here over the summer.  It's the perfect recipe for dumb idiot guys (or girls) to pick a big fight...though I doubt it will last long with security at every doorway.Before last weekend I had only been to Xfinity Live twice and had an okay time but after spending Saturday in PBR Bar I can honestly say that I love this place! I had a great time celebrating my birthday there. We stayed in PBR Bar the whole time but felt no need to explore the rest of Xfinity. The atmosphere and music was so much fun that we all danced the night away. The bull added extra excitement to it as well. I cannot wait to get back there again.This complex offers several bar venues with slightly different menus and beer selection. Lively atmosphere. Would be excellent for watching sports. Enjoying the pre concert experience.Plenty of other places to go in Philly. I wouldn't even waste my time after a game. Get in a cab and go elsewhere. Service is horrible and food is generic.Why would a place this huge not have Budweiser of any kind draft or bottles? As they say when your out of Coors Light your out of beer...When your out of Bud your out of business....Kevin the bartender and the rest of the staff made it an awesome experience. Wings fried to perfection made this trip to philly worth it times 19. Great ambiance in the bully bar. Low waiting time and great group of people. I will certInly be back. Several times!XFINITY has unethical employees who will lie about their rules and regulations. That's it. I can't believe I did a yelp review but I've never met shittier workers.  I'm sorry but you they lie consistently.Really cool place to hangout. Came here before a concert and they had a DJ doing raffles and stuff. My wife won 2 $25 gift cards to the place which really reduced the cost of our meal. There was a baseball game going on and it wasn't nearly as crowded as I would have thought it would be. Overall it was a good time and I'd like to come back to watch a gameI am quite sure that when Columbus stepped onto dry land in the New World that the first words out of his mouth went something like this, "Find me a huge sports bar with the world's biggest indoor TV screen, great chicken wings and cold beer!" Had this actually happened, I'm positive that the famed explorer would have found himself in Philadelphia at XFINITY Live!
Let's be honest, Philly sports fans love their home teams, and this becomes obvious when you realize that one whole section of downtown has been carved out to house three world-class sports stadiums, an immense parking facility, and the world's largest sports bar. You've got Citizen's Bank Park which is the home of the Philadelphia Phillies, then there's the Wells Fargo Center which is the home of the 76'ers and the Flyers, and then the Lincoln Financial Center which is the home of the Eagles. In between these three stadiums sits XFINITY Live! which was built at the site of the old Philadelphia Spectrum, and is now home to the world's largest sports bar.
XFINITY is massive in scale with both indoor and outdoor eating, drinking, and partying facilities and can easily hold thousands of people. The facility houses The Philly MarketPlace, Spectrum Grill, Broad Street Bullies Pub, PBR Bar and Grill, Victory Beer Hall and the NBC Sports Arena -- all under one roof. Each of these bars and restaurants would make for an impressive sports bar, but when you put them all together, it is mind-boggling. Inside the PBR Bar sits a mechanical bull which is apprently quite popular after a few Jager shots.
The whole place is decorated with hardwood flooring from the Spectrum, as well as the "boards and glass" from the hockey arena, and bricks from the old Veteran's Stadium. They have indoor and outdoor events, viewing parties, concerts, tailgating parties, and so on.
Through a partnership with Sony, XFINITY Live! Philadelphia was built with state-of-the-art audio and video systems, including Sony flat panel televisions, to ensure everyone in the venue has a high definition view of the game. The NBC Sports Arena offers fans a one-of-a-kind sports viewing experience, featuring a 32-foot diagonal, 6mm, LED HD television, high impact LED Rings displaying the NBC Sports Ticker, and in-game promotions. This place has a serious WOW factor, and it needs to be on the bucket list of any true sports fan.
Travis, my man, I'm thinking road trip.......Food is overpriced and didn't taste that great. I got a shrimp sandwich with 3 small fried shrimp and it was supposed to have a garlic aioli but it didn't come with it. The funnel cake fries were cold and extra super fried. Not sure why I expected more from this place.Terrible service. Literally the waitress was so rude. Gave us attitude the whole time. Then the loser Dj turned the Phillies game off the big screen and proceeded to verbally fight everyone who came up and asked for the game back on. We're in Philadelphia dude, put the game back on. Food was sub par and over priced, what a terrible experience...they don't care though because they're the only restaurant around the stadiums so they can get away with it. You should avoid this place at all costs!!!This place is so much fun if you are a sports fan.  They have a few options to hang out at and get drinks while you watch your sport of choice.  They have a mechanical bull ride that is a lot of fun.  I recommend this spot after any Philadelphia sports team home game.