Good food, pretty good service, great location. Overall ratings:
Food 5
Service 4
Atmosphere 4
Value 4
Ate here with a small group (7 people) in town for the election. We had just all finished going door to door and were about to watch election returns in a hotel ballroom. So we wanted something relaxing, delicious, fast, and in an atmosphere where we could talk to each other without shouting.
Xiandu delivered on those goals.
We reserved via Open Table, our table was ready and we were seated immediately. It took awhile for the server to come around and get drink orders, than a really long time for a) the drinks to arrive and b) for her to return for the food orders. Once ordered, food came pretty quickly, and it was totally delicious.
This was at 7 PM on a Tuesday evening, the place was not at all crowded. So service should have been fast.
Menu included some items with an Indian influence. I had panang curry which was great. They offer brown rice with meals, which I appreciate. 
Beer selection was bottles only, pretty typical for Thai restaurants, and I had Kirin Ichiban which was scrumptious. A couple ordered a bottle of house Cabernet (they were out of the house Merlot) and they pronounced it fine, didn't sound outstanding.
I can easily see returning, yet with so many outstanding choices in central city Philly, I'll make the rounds first.The best thai delivery in Philly. Amazingly fresh and delicious, albeit expensive.Woah, what a hidden gem! I say hidden because even though it's right there between 11th and 12th on Walnut, I have definitely never noticed this place. My bad...
About 15-20 of us came here for a friend's surprise birthday dinner (Happy 23rd Josephine!) this past Saturday. Although I was the last one to arrive before the big surprise (#traindrama), I could see that the service was absolutely splendid from the beginning to the end. Since I came directly from the 'burbs, they were entirely okay with me leaving my bag with the hosts, as well as charging my phone towards the end.
The waiter (didn't get his name) was so, so helpful and described all of the entrees in greater detail. He also gave good vegetarian recommendations (shout-out to my fellow herbivores), as well as informing us of what's popular at the restaurant. I ended up ordering the Panang curry with brown rice on a level 3 spice range, with 1 being the mildest and 5 being the spiciest. It was PERFECT. Everything, from the appearance to the spices, was just sublime. I was a bit upset that they took away my dish with a few bites left (I planned on finishing all of it!) when the cake came out. However, everything else was just so nice and I knew I was going to come back, so it didn't affect me toooo much. Since we had a large table, I wasn't sure what everyone else got, but it all looked pretty good. Can't wait to come back here on Friday for their lunch specials!
A special mention has to go out to the manager/Xiandu queen Nancy. She has got to be one of the coolest, kindest managers I have ever interacted with! She kept the place open well past their closing time to make sure we were well accommodated and not rushed out. This is just one of the many examples of true customer service. So many places simply view their customers as business transactions, but you could tell that this place truly wanted their customers to have a legit dining experience. Nancy, you're getting an official invite to our next outing because you are a BAUSS.
STOP EVERYTHING AND GO GET YOURSELF SOME XIANDU.DO NOT ORDER DELIVERY!!! The worst service I have ever encountered. When the delivery person came, she called me, and told me to hurry up because she had things to do. I told her I'd hurry, but explained I had to take the elevator down. She then yelled at me to be there in less than five minutes. I always tip, even when the service isn't the best. I was a waiter and it sucks sometimes, I get it. In this case, the service was absolutely terrible, so I didn't leave a tip. She looked at the receipt and demanded a tip. Straight up told me, you need to tip me. I said no, so she refused to give me my food even though I had already paid for it!! Then when I called the restaurant to tell them what happened, the guy was completely unapologetic, said ok a couple times and hung up on me.Other than for the Thai iced tea, which tasted weirdly soapy and smelled funny, the rest of the food was delicious. Especially the mango chicken and the chicken green curry. Large portions and the waiters are all really nice. This place is located in close proximity to other restaurants but I think this spot stands out from all the others. If you're in the area, and if you're in the mood for Thai, I'd give this place a try.I had an appetizer of Thai Spring rolls which were excellent and because I arrived prior to 7 pm Happy Hour prices were in effect.  I had yellow curry with chicken and added Chinese broccoli, bean sprouts and green vegetables.  It was mild but the spice tray was perfect and spiced it to my degree of taste.  There was more than enough for leftovers.  I got the Triple Mouse for dessert with hot Jasmine tea.  I would return here when I am back in Philly. I thought the meal was excellent. The service was very good and they had no problems with substituting ingredients due to individual preferences. Folks in Philly tend to eat dinner late so don't let the lack of customers fool you if you like to eat at 5 pm.Really wonderful food, wonderful service. We ordered the musselman and yellow curry and the pad Thai as well. Delicious!  The owner came up to chat with us and was very nice as well. We will definitely be back!!Beautifully presented food with excellent mix  of flavors.  We tried two of the chicken dishes on lunch special menu.  With soup and salad.  Only opened within a year.  Clean, modern decor. Happy hour too, 5-7.  Best Thai spot we have found.Friendly and attentive service, reasonable prices, delicious food. The Massaman Curry with chicken was wonderful.To be fair, we got a lot of attention from the servers and the atmosphere was pretty good. If I had to make one suggestion, I would recommend not buying any dessert. Perhaps, I'm a dessert snob. Although the menu choices and photos will be tempting, the quality of the desserts (eating them rather than looking at the pictures) disappointed.  $7 each for presumably "pre-made" desserts did not impress.  At other restaurants in this City, you can get a highly trained professional chef to make some really elegant, sophisticated, delicate desserts in the $8-10 range, but not here. You won't find any sophisticated sweets here.  Desserts here are very "conventional" unrefined, vulgar. Tiramisu was really sweet - extra sweet - cake-style version with loads of sugar.  The Creme Brulee was thick and heavy like a very cold, barely thawed out pudding.  Neither dessert was prepared with an authentic recipe. I would venture to say they were manufactured to serve the convenience of the restaurant.  For dinner, I shared 1 appetizer, 3 dishes, and 3 desserts with 2 friends. We all drank the regular tap water.  We ordered blackened sushi-grade fish, chicken red curry, grilled chicken with asparagus, and Rotti. The food was pretty good, but after tax and tip, we each paid about $36 for a total bill nearing $110. The chicken and fish dishes tasted good. Though I liked the fish and chicken dishes, I am not sure I will come back. Pretty good dinner, but there are many other interesting, good restaurants in Philly. Maybe I will come back to try once more, but not dessert and not anytime soon. The ratio, price : food experience seemed slightly unfavorable. If I am paying more than $35 for a meal, I have high expectations. I expect everything to be good, but in this case, dessert here was a flop.I got the chicken pad thai and the pineapple fried rice delivery from here. the chicken pad that had the dryest chicken i ever ate at a restaurant and the fried rice had sour pineapples...I fell asleep right after due to the overwhelming msgI seriously loveeee Xiandu Thai, I am so happy they open in Center City! Definitely my go to place when I crave for Thai food. I love their Pad Thai and Drunken Noodle. It's just perfect, fresh and flavorful! Also... can I just say how much I love the staff there especially Brian, the server. The best server ever!! He is so personable and funny-- what a character! 
Definitely will recommend this place to anyone who loves Thai food!!Spring rolls were tasty. Tom Ka soup was so-so. Noodles were overcooked/mushy. I wouldn't add this spot to my top picks for Thai.Came here with my mom during parents weekend for temple and we had an amazing experience.  Our waiter Brian was energetic, funny and gave great suggestions. We ordered his suggestions and everything was amazing.  We had a mango chicken dish and beef pad se iu, they were both amazing.  For sure recommend to anyoneAte on a Sunday around 1 PM - no wait.
They just started a Dim Sum menu for the weekends, so we tried the dumplings. They were very tasty and VERY reasonably priced.
Thai Ginger & Pineapple with beef - very good and flavorful. Could have had a little more ginger though...
Pad Kee Mao with Chicken - our favorite! My husband and I completely devoured this and wish we had more.
Solid choice for Thai food if you're in the area.Took some out of town family here recently who had a craving for Thai food.
Pros:
Good ambiance and service. Food presentation was good.
Cons: 
Food taste was just ok. We ordered a 4 on the spice level and we thought it was relatively bland. We got the green curry, pineapple rice, and pad thai. The pad thai was a little sweet for my taste.Had the privledge of eating at Xiandu Thai. Service was amazing. Our waiter was very thorough and provided great recommendations. The menu was full of delicious options. The food tasted very fresh and was served timely. The flavors were incredible. Highly recommend to everyone and bring your friends! 
Unfortunately they ran out of disgusting and only had delicious left ;)I was ordering from this restaurant for the last 3months and l ordered about two weeks ago and the food never came.. I called them about an hour and a half later and the girl on the the phone was rude!  I asked to cancelled because they said an hour Max and I waited for a lot more.  She close the phone while I was still speaking to her.  I never got the food and never got my money back!!!  Shame this restaurant! Never coming there againDined with another couple last night before a show at the Walnut St. Theater. We shared Vietnamese Spring Rolls which were very tasty. Each of us ordered a different entree and each was very tasty. Portion sizes were more than adequate and prices were quite reasonable. Our waiter was very helpful, courteous and competent. This recently opened restaurant (Dec 2014) is a gem.We had our first visit to Xiandu Thai last night, and it won't be our last! The food was top-notch, service very good, and prices quite reasonable. Best Massamun Chicken I've had. My dining partners had grilled salmon, vegetable & tofu Pad Si Ew and green curry with vegetables, and each dish was excellent, as were appetizers and dessert. Great pre-theater choice as well.FLAVOR!!! This Thai restaurant was fantastic!!! Very clean, friendly staff, delicious food and reasonably priced. My husband got the Thai basil chicken, I got the pad see ew with beef. I can't say which one I liked more, both were excellent. They brought homemade hot sauce, very fresh. We got the mochi dessert which you can choose 3 flavors... we got mango Thai basil, mandarin cream, and Thai tea flavors. All 3 were excellent and refreshing. The mandarin one tasted like a creamcycle. The Thai tea tasted just how it sounds and the mango Thai basil sounded odd but I was intrigued and so glad we tried it, yum! This will be one of our go-tos every time we come to Philly now.Staff is friendly. Delicious food with large portion. Happy to enjoy dinner in such a nice ambience restaurant.This place was great! Truly delicious food, and the aroma and environment of the restaurant was perfect. Lovely place for a lunch or dinner in Philly. Got the vegetable pad thai and drunken noodles, they were fabulous! Also impressed with the quality and taste of the food considering the prices are very reasonable. Overall great experience here.not terrible terrible but long wait for delivery.  when it arrived noodles were starchy mushy overcooked and the veggies were sour, as in no longer fresh and were questionable to eat.By far one of my favorite spots to visit in Philly.. The staff is more than accommodating and everyone is always greeting you with a smile and a friendly hello. There is parking conveniently up the street & they offer a 10$ voucher to help with the cost. When it comes to the drinks, there is a lot of variety and everything is delicious. The main menu offers a unique medley of flavors to cater to whatever mood you are in.. This visit I had the angry beef and the chicken pineapple fried rice .. Between the presentation, flavors, and overall experience everything was perfect. For dessert, we had the tiramisu & a simple French vanilla ice cream. Again, it was delicious! I would highly recommend this establishment to anyone & everyone in the Philadelphia area.. We can't wait for our next visit!!The food is excellent here.  Slightly overpriced, but very good.  Nice atmosphere and friendly staff.Came here on a Friday night, and decided I love this place. It is clean and very modern looking, good ambiance. Our waiter Brian was incredible. He was very kind and funny and definitely went over and above to ensure that our dining experience was excellent. It's nice to see that waiters love the restaurant they work in, and that was definitely the case for Brian. He was sincerely excited about the restaurant and the delighted in the food they served. He offered helpful suggestions when we asked and made sure our dishes were just the right spice level, even going into the kitchen to remind the staff that we wanted our dishes to be mild. 
I ordered the chicken yellow curry (as per Brian's suggestion), and it was delicious. It was extremely flavorful in and just the right consistency. I was actually surprised at how flavorful the dish was. Yellow curry can tend to be a bit bland, but this one had great thai flavors and was not like that at all. The chicken was tender and the vegetables just right. Personally, I would have liked to have a spicier curry, but the flavor was just so good it didn't really matter very much. The curry comes with jasmine rice, but I love that with every dish you have the option of substituting for brown rice for $1.50 more. The presentation of the food was superb, while still giving a sizeable portion to leave you full and satisfied. 
Overall, I was so happy with Xiandu. It was such a great dining experience because of our waiter, the staff, and the quality of the food. I would definitely recommend it and plan to come back and try more dishes in the future.Came here for lunch after we saw a sign outside for the lunch special. They had quite a variety of options to choose from. I ordered the Thai basil eggplant tofu and the Tom yum soup. The soup wasn't the greatest, there weren't too many veggies besides tofu and the broth was quite oily. The Thai basil eggplant tofu on the other hand was great, but the portions were quite small for the price.We've been coming to Xiandu Thai for the last six months.  With 15-20 meals of experience, I can confidently say that this is my favorite restaurant in the city.  
 A restaurants tone is set by their employees, the employees (hostess, wait staff and the bartender) are very friendly, warm, accommodating and hospitable.   I'm welcomed as if I was a member of the family.  The service is superb, the food is delicious (I have not had a dish) and the drinks are perfectly mixed.  Xiandu Thai always exceeds my expectations.
Xiandu Chicken: Crispy white chucks of with a delicious sweet, Thai sauce.  
Angry Beef: I'm angry I didn't find this dish sooner.  
Indian Spicy Beef: A nice amount of spice heat on well seasoned delicious pieces of beef and sautéed vegetables.Delicious summer rolls,  pad thai and panang curry,  all gluten-free (since we have celiac)!
Wonderful, attentive server, Brian made sure we got everything we needed, including a knife to cut the tails off the tender,  juicy shrimp. Yum!! We'll be back the next time we visit Philadelphia.Great lunch specials. I had the mango chili chicken and it was absolutely perfect in taste and texture. I just had it for lunch and I'm craving it already at dinner time. 
Also the soup was fantastic. Everybody in my party ordered it and agreed. It was the house soup of the day, so I didn't catch the name, but it had the tiniest cutest mushrooms I've ever seen in my life. 
There are some great Thai places in Philly but this one holds its own and is very unique in their style of Thai.Sooooo...remember folks, this is Thai fusion. If u r looking for traditional Thai, this ain't necessarily your place. Be forewarned though. Very spicy menu. Many things have heat. I went for the tortilla roll with bbq duck meat cause I love duck. Interesting mix of flavors. Happy with it overall. Also had basil beef. Not as sweet as I am used to having. Spicy but decent overall. Very sexy chic decor and atmosphere. Good place for intimate date. Staff is A-1 top of line.Got delivery. Good but no chopsticks! I've never had to ask for chopsticks from an Asian place! So very disappointed. Recommend the drunken noodles.YUM!! A lot of healthy and vegetarian options. The green curry with tofu was classic, and the pad prik khing was my favorite--too bad for my date because that's what he ordered! There's a liquor store around the corner, so if you forget to BYOB, it's a short walk to grab a bottle of wine. The best is the hot jasmine tea we were offered when we first sat down--when it's 2 degrees outside, the hot tea is perfect!! Oh, and they're on Open Table!This was a great place with yummy food! It was reasonably priced and I would definitely go back! I am from NY so I was amazed about this BYOB thing in Philly. For all you put of towners you can just bring your own bottle of wine and they will allow you AT NO COST to cork and pour you. 
The good for yummy. They were nice. We were there on valentines day so it was crazy and our good took a longgg time so they gave us a free desert which I really appreciated. Great place!My favorite Thai place in Philly! I had my first experience with Thai food here and I loved it. There are so many great things about this place but I would say that the first and foremost thing I should mention is that Brian is probably the sweetest guy out of the entire waitstaff at this place. I've been lucky enough to always get Brian as our waiter whenever I dined at Xiandu. He answers all your menu questions thoroughly, explains and recommends menu items and specialty items all the time, and knows how to keep the customer happy. He's always got a great story to share too. Some dining experiences are made so much better when you have a charming waitstaff to take your order. These guys definitely offer that. 
I'm a very picky eater who doesn't like spicey or peppers. These guys do a great job making everything to order. My favorite menu items are the Samosas, salmon spring roll, curry puff, Thai fried rice (with the fried egg ontop its AMAZING), and Pad Si Ew. Their desserts are also really good. The portions are medium to large in size (sometimes I do have leftovers). You can't go wrong with almost any of their menu items. There's also the Vietnamese soup known as phò there which is pretty good for those who want a large soup meal, but they have plenty of Thai soups that are spicey but pretty good from what my friends have said. Tom Yum there is perfect for those who like something with a little bit of a kick. 
I can definitely see why Xiandu, although a young restaurant in center city, is so popular enough to be rated the #1 Thai place in the city during its first 6 months. Give it a try, if you're a reasonable individual, then I assure you that you won't be disappointed.A group of 8 of us came for dinner on a Saturday with reservations at 9pm.  We had a wait for our table but that was soon forgotten once we sat down.  The service by Brian was amazing.  This guy is fabulous and kept our group laughing throughout the night.   Xiandu is very lucky to have him.  He offers great food suggestions and alternatives for the vegetarians in our group.  And none of them disappointed us.  The number one thing said whole night was "so good".   I had the Pim's Cup first which was good but not fabulous; and later in the evening a Lychee Martini which was really good not overly sweet. We started off with the Tofu Baker, Roti Canai, and the Mango Salad.  I would go back and back for these these items alone.  
Our entrees include, Seafood Delight, a special of grilled shrimp skewer on basil fried rice, yellow curry, and a green curry.  Everyone loved their food.  What is great about the curries and the sauteed dishes, you can pick whatever you want to add to the dish from tofu/vegetables, chicken or seafood.   Dessert we got the mango sticky rice,coconut ice cream and the green tie ice cream.  
This a great place in Philly.  At the restuarant during dinner, we were already talking about when we will come back again.  Do not miss out of this place.I went here last night for my friends birthday dinner. The food was amazing and our waiter Jeff was awesome. He was so nice and very personable.Came for a dinner with colleagues, easily accommodates large groups. Happy hour menu on weekdays has large selection of cocktails and some food items. I got the lychee martini which was delicious and quite strong! The roti canai is very authentic and reminds me a lot of the ones I get at home in Malaysia! I got the pad see ew with tofu and veg for my main which was very definitely above average. The menu is quite big and has most options you would find in a Thai restaurant. My friend got the papaya salad which was a big enough portion and really light and refreshing! Overall, nice place for happy hour and good option for large groups.Good happy hour deals. Great pad kee mao, which costs $7 during happy hour and is maybe 1/2 or 2/3 of the dinner portion size. It was sufficiently filling that we could wait a few hours before getting ice cream at a dessert place.The restaurant's decor and service were above average but the food was just ok. We had the salmon eggrolls, shrimp rolls, and payapa salad for appetizers. For entrees, we ordered the drunken noodles, angry beef, and hanoi porkchop. 
After reading the reviews, we were expecting more but all the dishes were simply average. Our experience wasn't a poor one but given the amount of quality restaurants around the area, i doubt we'll be going back anytime soon.Excellent food and great for veggies (tofu instead of meat ) 
Our server was great too !my boyfriend and i have tried almost every chicken pad thai dish in center city. xiandu thai wins by a landslide. we usually get it delivered on lazy days and are thrilled with the quick delivery service, but we went to the actual restaurant for the first time a couple of weeks ago, and we were very impressed. the atmosphere in the restaurant is trendy and is perfect for a nice, but not-too-fancy date night ;)What a delightful surprise! Ended up here on a whim with friends last night after drinks, and all of us were very impressed with Xiandu. 
Our waiter, Brian, was so genuinely excited to tell us about all the good things his restaurant had to offer, and highlighted that the chef was from Burma and all the sauces were homemade with fresh ingredients. On his recommendation, we got a few dishes to share family style, and we were so happy with the choice. We split the yellow curry, Singapore pai-koot shortribs, and the Thai chili mango. All of us agreed that it was some of the best Thai food we'd had in the city. The curry was smooth and creamy, the ribs were melty and flavorful, and the Thai chili mango was a fresh take on a general tso's style take out dish. 
But seriously, stop by. Ask for Brian, and if you're lucky, he'll tell you some of his jokes. And listen to his recommendations! We were so glad we did. 
See ya soon, Xiandu!Shit yeah! Was craving Thai all week in Philly and finally found a place. Seemed like the Thai places in Chinatown were kinda weak looking, or more fusion than Thai. This place was actually a bit fusion also, but pretty tasty. The basil shrimp was a bit oily and had less basil than I'd like, otherwise very tasty. Four stars was enough to make me sweat quite profusely.I ordered the shrimp padThai, it was very salty that I need to drink three glass of water.  In addition, the noodle was a little too soft.  I am giving a two stars because Pad Thai is supposed the most basic dish in a Thai restaurant and they are not able to cook it right.My family and I dined here a couple of months ago and were pleasantly surprised. Host greeted us with a warm smile and seated our party of 8 immediately! We ordered various dishes and drinks, everything was delicious. Our waiter was especially accommodating to our children. Lychee martini is a must try! We will definitely be returning to Xiandu.It's a tad pricier than your traditional Thai/Chinese restaurant, but it is well worth the premium!! Amazing food, lively ambiance, and super friendly/attentive service. Had a great time. Would definitely recommend.Nice place and relax environment... love the service and food... would recommend to everyone and definitely come back again :)My friend and I came in here for dinner on Saturday and were pleased to find we had stumbled into happy hour. Beer and wine were $4 each (8-10 different kinds of fairly standard bottled beer). Appetizers were $4. I got a the tofu "summer roll," which was a cold roll of tofu and a few veggies wrapped up in a clear noodle. It was pretty tasteless (and uncannily similar to the cold tofu wrap available at Trader Joe's). Not terrible for $4 (happy hour price), but I definitely wouldn't get that again. My entree, tofu pad thai, was much better. I got it extra spicy, and it was quite spicy! It came with a pleasant variety of vegetables (including cauliflower). A good deal at the happy hour price of $7.Best Thai food I can find for takeout - I live in Old City.  Curries vary in spiciness from very hot to mild, so you need to specify how hot you want it.  The bok choy is terrific.  Recommend.In town for a training at TJU.  Best Thai iced tea I've ever had. Service was wonderful. Had the sexy fingers, angry beef, and chicken pad thai. BYOB and dinner will be set. Cozy place, nice decor. Still has the new restaurant smell.Great food!  Love the 'Xiando' chicken!  Brian was our waiter....great guy...very funny and caring!  He also guided us to the best food on the menu!I went here on lunch with one of my friends who recommended this place. They have special lunch package. I ordered Thai basil eggplant and tofu, my friend ordered xiandu chicken. Food was spicy to our desired level, flavourful and pleasantly satisfying. The waiter served us side salad first when I enquired about mayonnaise in the salad, he voluntarily changed the salad without mayonnaise to with a sauce. Really appreciate this effort from his end before I could ask him for the same. Since then I have been to xiandu for 4-5 times and every time it is a delightful experience. Only thing is the food is little oily, but they can take care of it if you ask for less oil during ordering the food.Thank god their drunken noodles were good after the hassle I went through with the delivery woman. I was on the phone for over 30 minutes trying to track her down. She rudely insisted that she was in my building when she most certainly was not. 3 blocks later, after a resident of the building she was in hopped on the phone, I finally got my order.
Next time I'll eat in-house.Solid establishment.
I  have my fair share of thai food consumption and I will say Xiandu Thai is one of the best options in center city if you're craving for Thai food. I also want to comment on the customer service as we always get greeted by the front desk staff (regardless of the busiest lunch hours) and get seated with minimum waiting time. Waiters are very pleasant and provide us with plenty of space and time to decide on what we order, I never feel rushed and they're also knowledgeable with the menu items in case you have questions. Water is constantly being filled - I know it's a small thing that people may overlook but I do appreciate the small gesture.
Now onto the food, I often order their pad thai and pad kee mao (drunken noodles), both dishes are consistently good. Come in here for lunch special you'll get complimentary salad or tom yum soup. Other items that I would recommend include their tom yum noodle soup, if you're into bold flavors and craving for a bowl of hot noodle soup. I also loved that they don't skim on the ingredients, the tom yum noodle soup I got have plenty of seafood with good sized prawns and scallops! I've tried their green curry from my friend and it's also very good.  I've sampled some of their appetizers like wings and roti canai, it's as good as you can get from Penang and Banana Leaf in Chinatown. Thai tea is a bit watered-down and lack flavor, but still quite good and refreshing.
Overall, solid 4-star and I'll be coming back for lunch!YUM! We were craving Thai and previously disappointed by a place in China town so ventured here per the great Yelp reviews. My expectations are always on the lower side when it comes to Asian Fusion but we couldn't contain our excitement as all of the food aroma's were sooo overwhelmingly amazing. 
We've been here twice now and recommend highly the papaya salad and duck "tacos" (just try it). Flavors were incredible. The yellow chicken curry wasn't bad but nothing super special. I had a noodle soup the first time I was here that was super good but can't remember off the top of my head which one. Tip: you can request an extra side of chili that was really awesomely spicy 
I wish the Thai iced tea was a bit more potent as it wasn't anything special either.
For dessert we had the coconut ice cream which had a really fun presentation and hits the spot if you're looking for some icing on cake.
Service is very attentive but easy and friendly. It seemed more streamlined the second time we visited. If I were to nitpick I wish they had taken away the chopstick wrappers as our tiny table was running out of space for all the yummy things we ordered. Both dinners were perfect evenings and we can't wait to come back and try more of the menu.Yum! I was on Jefferson's campus looking for a bite to eat with a friend and we agreed on Thai - this place was a great choice!
I ordered the Tom Yum soup and the fried dumplings and my friend got the Penang Curry. The Tom Yum soup was incredible, flavor wise. The one thing I did not enjoy about it was the shrimp in the soup was not de-tailed so it was kind of awkward digging into my soup and getting it out and having to do this. I ended up just not eating the shrimp because of how messy it was and also it kinda tasted like frozen shrimp tossed into my hot soup (not fresh). Otherwise, though, the soup was excellent...Maybe they should just nix the shrimp as an ingredient? The dumplings at first tasted good but once they cooled down a bit were just fried dough with random, somewhat flavorless stuffing so I only ended up eating about half of them.
The Penang curry, however, redeemed the dumplings! I normally do not like coconut or coconut flavored things. This, however, was delicious!!! It was served with your typical white rice in a pot and was so perfect. Must. try. It has slightly redeemed coconut for me and I find myself wishing I had ordered the same thing.
The service was prompt and the waiter was friendly and attentive (as much as he could be - he was often slightly delayed due to a very big party next to us but that clearly wasn't his fault). When we wrapped up, he gave us 10% discount for being Jefferson students just because he saw our IDs - we did not know about the discount and hadn't asked for it and I thought this was awesome so he gets five stars (wish I would've caught his name...next time). He also was very helpful with the spice level. He suggested a lower spice level (3) then what we were going for (4) and turned out to be right, but brought out hot sauce for us just incase he was wrong and we wanted more spice (we didn't). 
The inside is a lot nicer than what we expected with soft lighting and modern seating. It's not what you expect based on the sign/outside. There are two full screen TVs above the bar and a whole back dining area. 
All in all, this place seems to have some fabulous but also some sub par menu items so if you feel like having some Thai food in the area, I would definitely give it a shot.just went again and got the massaman curry! so delicious!  i asked for peanut sauce on the side (and it was not a problem and they were quite generous) and it was AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING with the curry. 
also got their roti something and it was DELICIOUS too! LOVE the place and love the service!I give this five stars because I've been wishing and hoping for a decent Thai place in this neighborhood for five years. This place is legit - real flavors, real spice, plenty of veggies in the mix, and very friendly people.  I've only had take-out so far, but it's easily at the top of my take-out list now. The Mee Goreng is my favorite. Best Thai I've had in Philadelphia.I was ordering from this restaurant, the food never showed up and the girl in the other side of the phone was extremely rude!  I was was waiting an hour and a half before I called them and in the end I never got the order. 
I loved this restaurant before but the way that girl spoke to me was really bad!Food: Pad Thai w/Chicken
Beverage: Thai Iced Tea
---------------------------
I stopped here for brunch. The dining area was rather dark but it helped give the place a cool feeling on a hot day. The Thai tea was darker than what I'm used to (less cream?) but as good as ever. The Pad Thai was well portioned and rich with flavor. I ended up taking about a third of it home with me as it was very filling. The prices were reasonable and the service was attentive and friendly. Overall a pleasant first experience at what may become my regular Thai place in center city. Would recommend.Could not have been more thoroughly impressed. We live in New York City and have been in town for my mom's surgery at nearby Jefferson Hospital. We stumbled in here with no expectation and were greeted by the most lovely Thai hostess/owner. This is the real deal, she owns it with her sister who is the chef. There is nothing comparable in Manhattan.
Also note that if you need to eat gluten-free, they are well-versed on what you should order. I loved the split pea soup, the mango shrimp stirfry, the tom kha soup. If you like spicy, which we do, trust them when they tell you not to go above level two. Wow. Phenomenal and thoroughly enjoyed our two perfect meals and intend to go back whenever we are in town again.We had a great dinner to celebrate my wife's birthday yesterday (December 17, 2014) and had a great meal !!!
We met Nancy (one the the managers) and talked to her for a few minutes about what  the plans were for this new restaurant.  She was the best - friendly, sincere and engaging to get our input.   The ingredients used were about the freshest I've tasted in all the recent Thai food we have eaten in the past few years (and we eat alot of Thai food)  Also, the quantity of food was very good and the prices were reasonable.
As our daughters live close to Xiandu, we will be back many times when we visit them.  I have a feeling that this is one of those restaurants that will grow just by word of mouth.  Hopefully when we come back, we can get a good seat.   If you love Thai Food, you will absolutely love Xiandu !!!!!
One more thing - Brian, the waiter, was excellent.  He was also a standup comic - as he told us a few jokes.Meh. 
I ordered dinner from Xiandu while staying a few blocks away. I will say I am picky about Thai food and struggled with this rating...
Food: 2 stars
Delivery: 4 stars
Food:
I ordered Pad Kee Mao, spicy. It was okay...somewhat bland aside from the spice and very greasy. The portion was big. 
Delivery: 
Quick and easy. Ordered through Yelp and the food arrived to my hotel lobby quickly. 
I'm, honestly, really surprised that the rating is what it is but then again, maybe I just ordered wrong. Either way, not really interested in trying it again.The three stars are for excellent food much needed in the area. Two stars less was because of service. Waiter was rude, inattentive, and rushing us. Maybe they need help with service. The food will bring me back and if that waiter is there, I will ask for takeoutThe Panang Curry and the Thai Iced Tea were delicious, and the service was quick and pleasant. The decor is simple but the place is pretty and comfortable. Absent are the funk of Chinatown and the high prices of the "themed" Asian restaurants. This is my is my new favorite Thai spot. I can't wait to come back for the Laksa!I am in Philly fairly often for work and have had a chance to check this restaurant out twice.  The owner is so welcoming and helpful, the bartenders and host all provide excellent service.  The drinks are good and strong and the food is nice and spicy.  I order the Pad Kee Mao, or drunken noodles and their version has nice chunky veggie and meat, perfectly cooked noodles and delicious, spicy flavor.  This place definitely goes on the list of my favorite thai restaurants in philly.Pretty good. Ordered the Pad Kee Mao with beef for delivery. The portion size was good for the price and it tasted great. Definitely adding this to my list of places to eat while in Philly.We were wary about the parking here but luckily got a street spot and it was a sign of good things to come. The BBQ wings aren't really that flavor but give you all the elements -sweet, smoky, spice. The Asian dumplings did leave something to be desired as the casing was huge compared to filling but still very good. My husband had the Xiandu Chicken which was very flavorful and both sweet and savory. Best part is the chicken wasn't fried despite the description. I always try the Thai Basil at a new place and was not disappointed.  Best part they actually made it Thai spicy. The restaurant was well laid out and designed. The server was very pleasant. We agreed this may be our new go to Thai (parking gods willing).My best friends and I visited on Christmas Eve, December 2014. My experience from walking in to walking out was one of my best restaurant experiences I ever had in Philadelphia ever. Nancy and Brian were AWESOME! They gave us VIP treatment the entire time. And what made our experience the absolute best? The food was absolutely delicious. I ordered Pad Thai and it was a huge portion. Also you must try the sexy fingers. They were ssooo good. The Red Curry was delicious and so were the many more items I wanted to try. Nancy and Brian gave us great recommendations and I can't wait to go back to try new things.
I highly recommend this place and I can easily see Xiandu as being a city favorite by Spring.Delicious!  A little bit pricey for lunch, but fantastic pad thai, great service and a beautifully re-done restaurant space.  I highly recommend it.Thai food lovers...you should at least try this restaurant once..the food was fresh and awesome.. for vegetarians...so many options with tofu and veggie..we tried green curry, red curry and pad kee mao..planning to go there again..the down side is the cost is little on higher side..other than that it's a good one for wintery cold night..Took my family here visiting from outta town.  Outstanding!  Was able to get a table without a reservation at 5:30 p.m. on a Sat night.  (The
 owner probably isn't thrilled about that but it it's great news for us procrastinating foodies.)
Everyone in our party of 5 LOVED their dishes, including me.....striped bass was perfectly cooked and seasoned.  Decor is nice and modern but not too much.  Hostess was wearing a hooded Nike sweatshirt which made her look put of place and underdressed  comparison to the decor.....which is precisely one of the reasons you'll love it.  Completely nice unpretentious staff.  Food came out fast.
Dumpling apps amazing.  Fried rice phenomenal.  My wife is Chinese and hates so many Asian restaurants....she loved this place.
Walking distance from Center city Marriott's.
We come here once  year for a gymnastics meet and we have already decided this is our go to Dinner spot after Reading Terminal for lunch.When you're feeling Thai Food anytime of the day, this Philly gem is there for you. With a modest happy hour menu, a selection of savory dishes, and friendly staff; made Xiandu on your visit to Philly.A great find!
Randomly picked Xiandu as something different before our show at the Walnut St Theater. We were not disappointed. 
I usually only get Pad Thai at Thai restaurants, and asked our waiter for help picking out something else. He suggested the Massaman Curry, and it was out of this world. My husband had the Sen Mee Tom Yum noodle soup, which he loved as well. We also got the Fried Calamari - I did not like the Mango Lime sauce, but there was another sauce that came with it that was really good. Our waiter was very attentive, constantly refilling our water and asking if we needed anything. 
My only complaint would be that the bathrooms seemed like an afterthought, and although this isn't the most important thing, it made a poor impression before I left. The toilet seat was broken, the cleaning products were all over the floor. It would be fairly cheap and easy for them to have invested in a cabinet under the sink. This isn't a reflection of the wonderful food or service, just left a bad impression after the restaurant was so sharp looking and well kept.
We'd definitely come back.Pretty awesome Thai food...have only had takeout, so not sure of the restaurant itself, but delivery gets to me pretty quick and the food is always awesome. Favorites are pad see ew and their drunken noodles. Beef jerky appetizer is also pretty good...spicy and sweet and delicious.I am in Philly for a conference with a coworker and we both agreed to have Thai food. Xiandu was recommended to me by another Yelper and it is very close to our hotel. The restaurant has really modern upscale interior and the staff are friendly and helpful while still giving space to relax. He had the Pai Koot and I had the Seafood Lover. We each thoroughly liked our meals! I tried Tiger Lager for the first time and it was excellent. For desert,  we shared a small pot of Jasmine tea and one serving of green tea ice cream; both were excellent. Save some time for Xiandu Thai!Loved everything I had here. The place was clean and modern. Service was friendly and fast. Food was beautiful and tasty.Stumbled upon this Thai restaurant as we were exploring the area.  We were greeted & seated immediately.  The food & service was outstanding.  We had a salad and the Xianding chicken - the flavor & presentation of the dishes were great.  I recommend trying this place when you're in Philly!Foods are delicious, nice service. Will recommend to Friends and families. Even have 9 people party waiting table timing was not badAmazing food and great lunch prices. Their Pad Thai is amazing. I algo got their Thai tea. Environment is very nice. Really worth it.Was visiting my daughter in Philadelphia and she had been raving about this place. It has a great ambience and also excellent attentive service. The food was great too, we started with the Watercress corn fritters and initially I was disappointed because it wasn't a fritter in the true sense of the word, but one bite and I was a happy camper. We shared the Pad Thai and Pad see ew
Both were great and bursting with flavor. We finished off with the sticky rice and mango desert!!! 
All in all a great evening.Great food I love that food and Resturant  server also friendly I want recommended youThis place will not disappoint!!! Great atmosphere, great prices, and great food!!
Came here around lunch time and it wasn't too crowded. The lunch specials are around ~10 bucks and comes with soup or salad. I did not opt for the lunch menu, but my 2 friends did and were not disappointed either.
Instead, I got the kai soi gai. I had no idea what this was, but I was in the mood for some broth noodles so I went with it. It is SO good. The description says there are soba noodles, but it's more like ramen noodles. The broth is thick but not so heavy that you'll feel too full. It's a bit spicy, but more so sweet and curry tasting. Even with my low tolerance for spice, I did not find the dish to be spicy at all! The broth has such a rich taste and the curry taste is not overbearing. I HIGHLY recommend this dish and I will definitely go back to get it again. The portions are just right!! 
My friend tried the pad Thai and said that it was very solid!!!! 
We also got the summer rolls and fried spring rolls, which were both amazing as well. Our total bill with three entrees, two appetizers, and three Thai iced teas came out to be just a little under 60 bucks, which I thought was such a good deal !!!!!!! Highly recommend this place, you will most definitely enjoy it if you like Thai food !!!!!My husband and I returned from Thailand one month ago. While there, we took a Thai cooking class and sampled tons of food throughout our trip - we love Thai food and were in search of an authentic place in the Philadelphia area. 
Xiandu Thai's food was absolutely delicious. My husband and I ordered the Penang Chicken Satay, Penang Curry, and Khao Soi Gai. Although the food was slightly Americanized (extremely rich and creamy), we definitely plan to return.  The satay was absolutely delightful and the curry was thick and hearty. I was hoping for some fried noodles on top of the Khao Soi, and was also surprised the chicken in the Khao Soi wasn't on the bone - although I can definitely see how some people might be happy about this. That said, this curry noodle soup was very tasty and definitely reminded me of Chiang Mai. 
The only reason I give this place 4 stars instead of 5, is that I feel it is slightly overpriced. I'd love to make this place a regular on my list, but will probably keep it as a treat for only once in awhile.You get the taste of real Thai food here.
Spicy spicy spicy!!!!!
Everyone made me felt welcomed!!!!
Would definitely come again :)First visit, definitely not the last! Staff extremely friendly and attentive, ensuring I always had water & anything else I needed. Came during Happy Hour & had a wonderfully made Mai Tai (and later ordered a Lychee Martini). Ordered the Khao Soi Gai soup with Chicken which was a robust but creamy burst of flavors including curry & onion with a little bit of heat. (It was so good, I forgot about taking a pic of it so you'll just have to trust me!) Overall, a very nice casual spot for a great bite. My server was Ryan so be sure to ask for him for excellent customer service!This was our first time here. We were really looking forward to going here because the reviews made it soud like a fantastic place to go to, but after sitting down to dine I would say that's not completely true. 
This place is over-priced for what you get.  The portions are small. Service was great, but the food was ok. I've had better Thai food than that. It seems that some of the dishes are prepared in advance and refrigerated, only to be nuked and served when ordered. The flavors are not authentic. We found all the dishes extremely salty.  As appetizer, we ordered chicken lettuce wraps but the meat was so overly salty that we had to send it back. The hostess was nice enough to let us order something else.  So we ordered the summer rolls. You cant go wrong with summer rolls, right? Wrong. For $7, you get four bite size rolls. The outer rice  paper covering was hard and dry as if the rolls were made in advance and refrigerated. They did not feel or taste fresh.
We proceeded to order our main course.  I got the drunken noodles and my husband ordered lemongrass chicken. The drunken noodles tasted good but did not have enough of the Thai basil like it's supposed to. I did not care for the lemongrass chicken, it was also very salty, and greasy and did not taste the lemongrass. I know my Thai food very well and this was just not what I expected it to be.
When we asked the hostess why their food was so high in sodium, she said that they always overly flavor their dishes because that's what their customers love! Maybe it's just me, but I would not call an overly salted dish highly 'flavored!'.  The true flavors come from the ingredients not the salt. 
We decided to skip dessert and left. I'm sorry but we will not be going back.The food is fantastic but its expensive for no reason!Tried the lunch special, ordering Pad Kee Mao with vegetable tom yum soup. Also ordered the roti canai.
The tom yum soup was okay, as it's hard to mess up adding tom yum paste to a pot of hot water. However, they added cucumber, which was very strange and not normal for tom yum soup. 
The Pad Kee Mao was NOT Pad Kee Mao, instead was pad see ew with more spice, which was disappointing. 
Lastly, the roti canai was so salty and oily that I could not eat it. The roti was soaked in oil and tasted more like popcorn than anything. The canai was gross as well, oily and bland and overloaded with coconut milk.
All in all I would NOT eat here if you are looking for Thai food.I picked up dinner here tonight and was somewhat underwhelmed.  The shrimp summer rolls were fine, but not very interesting and the sauces they came with were extremely bland (one peanut, one more like a duck sauce).  My pad thai was ok - very fresh and well-cooked, but again just lacking some flavor.  I saved it with some sriracha, but it still wasn't fantastic.  I'm not sure why they're holding back - everything I had needed more oomph.  I'd maybe give them one more chance and try some other dishes, but I was just not very impressed.Excellent food and service. I had shrimp on a cloud
which was wonderful. The Jasmine green tea was full of flavor and served in the most cunning cups. My husband had beef curry which also was great. Restaurant was easy to find and across the street from Forrest Theater. Will be back.This restaurant did not disappoint. When I first walked in, I immediately noticed this restaurant was cold, clean and friendly.  Happy hour allowed me to taste a new drink, the lychee martini, which was exceptional. I ordered the Pad Thai because I can't get good Thai in my home town. My dinner had a sufficient amount of fresh vegetables and tofu with a light flavor.  There is a restaurant closer to our hotel, but there was a 2 hour wait, so we decided to take a little longer walk to this place.  We were glad we did. If you like to try new things, you will love this restaurant.The panang curry was perfectly seasoned and brimming with flavor. The Pad Thai was also exceptional. Atmosphere is new, trendy and emaculate. The service was exceptional. Nice $5 Mondavi cab as house cab, but it is also BYOB as well. Prices are reasonable considering the restaurant is in the heart of Center City. I wouldn't hesitate to return whenever I am in Philly and need a thai fix.My go-to Philly Thai restaurant after trying about 10 others. I've had about 5-7 items on the menu, and all were tasty (particularly the stir-fry's). 
Quick delivery times, as well.My favorite Thai food in Philly by far! Very tasty food for a great price. Last night I had their Thai chili mango chicken which is one of my favorite dishes. The food came out quickly and the servers are always very friendly and attentive!We found this place on Walnut by accident. It's delightful and definitely a must-go! The Xiandu chicken was just the right balance between sweet and sour, the drunken noodles were excellent. The Spring Rolls were decent. The portions are great for one person with a healthy appetite and the bill was very reasonable for such great food. Ours came up to $36 without tip.  Such a great night!Wow, what a find! We were looking for a place for lunch near Jefferson and saw great reviews for Xiandu. My wife and I went in January 2015 and had a really great lunch. We had spring and summer rolls, curry and ribs. All very good! Brian was our server and was very good too. 
Highly recommend.Great Thai restaurant. My boyfriend and I are big on Thai food and we both think this place I some of the best we have been to yet. Great prices, friendly service, and amazing food! We definitely recommend this place!I came here for a birthday dinner for the first time.  I ordered the pineapple fried rice and it was delicious.  I also really appreciated our server, Brian.  We were a large party, so when we arrived a little late, there were no water glasses out for us.  Brian came to greet us and before I could request water he noted aloud that we didn't have waters and he would be back with some.  He did so quickly.  As I ordered the vegetable/tofu option of the fried rice, Brian inquired if I was a vegetarian letting me know that the other dishes on the menu could be made to accommodate a vegetarian diet.
The service was provided in a timely manner, Brian was very considerate of everyone, and the food was delicious.  If I lived in Philadelphia, I'd definitely come back again.Ordered here after looking up multiple Thai restaurants and reading various reviews. Sadly, my boyfriend and I were not impressed by this restaurant at all. 
If we had only ordered the Vietnamese spring rolls this place would have reviewed 5 stars. Unfortunately, we ordered more. We got chicken pad Thai and shrimp pad saw ew. Both dishes lacked significant flavor and required us to add sauce ourselves. We are both lovers of Thai food and were very unhappy when we gave this place a shot and it didn't live up to the other reviews mentioned. 
Sadly, we won't be returning.This place is easily one of the best thai restaurants in center city, and lucky us: it happens to be right in our neighborhood. We eat here at least couple times a month, and the service, food quality, and atmosphere is just consistently great. I love that when you order spicy food, they'll actually give it to you really spicy instead of assuming you're a naive spice wimp like most thai places (this is no joke, don't order level 4 spicy unless you enjoy having your tongue epithelium burned to a crisp).
Also, the servers and owners here are very attentive, an overall just good, friendly people. The pad thai is also the best I've tasted anywhere in Philly, and all their dishes are loaded with veggies and flavor. So glad this place popped up last year; it's truly a great establishment!We happen to walk into this restaurant and they were in happy hour! They have happy hour every day from 5-7 pm. That's a huge plus! The happy hour menu is pretty extensive and so well priced. We stuck to the happy hour menu and I got one appetizer, Pad See Ew, and a drink and it was all under $20 with tip included. 
The food was okay. I order the spring rolls and they tasted like any other spring roll. The filling didn't impress me. The Pad See Ew was really spicy. To their support, they did warn me before that it was going to be spicy, I just didn't expect it to be that spicy. My margarita was descent for the price. My friend got the summer rolls and the tofu pad Thai. Overall, we expected more from a restaurant that is rated 4.5 stars. Maybe this is just their happy hour menu and their regular menu merits that ranking.Great food, great service! Everything we have had each time we've been there has been very tasty. Looking forward to the next visit!Xiandu is my favorite Thai place in the city. I love the shrimp sexy fingers and roti canai. For main course, the Penang curry is amazing! 
The ambience is great and you can usually find a table without reservation on a weekend.This was our first time at the restaurant. The food was delicious! It has plenty of vegetarian options as well. If you can, try to ask for Brian. He is by far the best server we have ever come across! We had a huge group (including three kids) and he went above and beyond to make our experience memorable. He's honest and funny. The food is perfect in every way. It can satisfy anyone's palette. Food can be made to be sweet or spicy. We will definitely be going again!So. Good. I order via Yelp app & it was convenient, simple, & delicious. The chicken Pad Thai was a healthy portion. I'm a big guy & had leftovers. Perfect tasty. I would eat here again without hesitation!I was not a big Thai fan before this restaurant. But the food here was so unbelievably good! It was four of us and we had the red curry, pineapple fried rice, and two different types of noodles (I don't remember specifically what everyone got) Everything, every thing tasted delicious. A lot of flavor. 
It was around lunch time and the place was pretty empty. Very pretty interior. We also got a bottle of wine and enjoyed it. Our waiter was also sooo very nice. 
If I ever find myself in the Philly area again, I will def return here. 
5 stars for everything.Such a fabulous waitstaff who really took the time to make our experience great during lunch.  I came in here during lunch time and was seated right away at the "best table of the house" while waiting for my friend.  Our waiter, Brian, dropped off our menu and highlighted how the lunch menu was a better deal than the regular menu since the lunch menu comes with soup or salad.  We ordered the Thai Basil Eggplant Tofu and the Red Curry with Shrimp with a pot of green tea.  Our waiter asked right away if we were in any hurry and once he had learned that I had an appointment later that day, he told us that he would rush the chefs to bring everything in time.  Our tea smelled heavenly when it arrived - a good blend of flowers and jasmine.  Our food arrived and we devoured it quickly.  I would only suggest that the appetizer salad/soup combination be a little larger.
In no time our waiter brought out our check and we actually added a 30% tip because of the great service.  He came back to our table and thought it was a mistake but we wanted him to keep the extra because of the fabulous service we experienced.
5/5 stars just for Brian our waiter.  Who doesn't love a waiter who really gives you his honest opinions on the dishes, is quick, and puts his customers before him especially when money is involved.Awesome food. The best Thai food I have eaten anywhere. Shrimp Pad Thai was amazing!
Great little restaurant in the heart of Philly. Cool atmosphere and location!This place has amazing food. You cant go wrong with The tofu Baker, roti cani, drunken noodles and yellow curry. The bartender made amazing lemon drops and the waiter jeff was awesome.  Throughly enjoyed the vibe, company and overall atmosphere of this restaurant.I hate writing negative reviews and it is rare that I will give a rating of less than 3 stars however my meal made me physically ill. Ordered lunch delivery. 
Pros:  food came inside 20 minutes and price points were decent.
Cons: shumai-tasted frozen, bland smelled a kitty fishy and came with a yellow curry dipping sauce that tasted nothing like yellow curry more like yellow mustard. Seriously.
Pad prik khing-tasted so off not even sure how to describe it but certainly nothing like the description. I think I took 3 bites and threw it away. Also only had 2 of the shumai. 
45 minutes later=physically sick. I guess this is what I get for straying from circles.....Order Red Curry! 
I went there a month ago and had always wanted to go back!Best pad Thai I've ever eaten. There's a pretty decent discrepancy between medium and spicy, FYI :)Came here on a whim for a quick early dinner date and was surprised to find out it was happy hour...YAY!  Happy hour runs from 5-7 and their menu is pretty extensive.
We ordered:
Chicken Satay: comes with 2 skewers and delicious peanut sauce
Roti Canai: lovely and flakey with a flavorful side of curry chicken and potatoes 
Chicken Pad Thai: my first introduction to it and I loved it, rice noodles with chicken, peanuts, bean sprouts and some other yummy stuff
Chicken Lettuce wraps: fresh lettuce with sautéed chicken, hint of lime
Samosas: hot and crispy with a lovely filling and a yogurt dill dipping sauce
All of the dishes were yummy and brought out as they were ready.  Our waitress was very nice and accommodating and checked in on us to make sure we had everything we needed.  The  drinks were very good (Apple sangria & Blue Hawaiian) and large. And the ambiance was just right.  We will definitely be back to try more.Could not have been more thoroughly impressed. We live in New York City and have been in town for my mom's surgery at nearby Jefferson Hospital. We stumbled in here with no expectation and were greeted by the most lovely Thai hostess/owner. This is the real deal, she owns it with her sister who is the chef. There is nothing comparable in Manhattan.
Also note that if you need to eat gluten-free, they are well-versed on what you should order. I loved the split pea soup, the mango shrimp stirfry, the tom kha soup. If you like spicy, which we do, trust them when they tell you not to go above level two. Wow. Phenomenal and thoroughly enjoyed our two perfect meals and intend to go back whenever we are in town again.My wife and I just stopped in for lunch and were the only table. The staff was very friendly and welcoming. I got the fried rice and she got the pad kee mow. The fried rice was a little bit better than the pad kee mow. Their spice range is between 1-5 and they advise a 3 is "spicy" but I have a moderate heat tendency and a 3 was perfect. We are not local to philly but they provided a great list of things to do. Overall the experience was very positive and I highly recommend! Both of our dishes had tomatoes and I've had several Thai dishes and tomatoes have never been an ingredient. It was different but not my favorite veggie for the dish. 
Anyway price was great and you should check em out!This is the best thai food in the city!  My go-to dishes are the yellow curry, pad see ew, and the garlic wine stir fry.  If you like things spicy, ask for extra spice because the dishes are pretty mild.  Everything is very flavorful and delicious!  If you eat in, ask for Brian as your waiter.  He is so friendly and personable and is full of jokes.Last night I had Pad Thai w/o peanuts, Som Tum Papaya Salad w/o peanuts & a Thai Iced Tea delivered straight to my door. Totally satisfied!Surprisingly good thai food. I definitely recommend the thai curries and also the noodle soups. Also, recommend sexy fingers (I know it sounds weird) but they're delicious, it's really sexy shrimp (not fingers). They have good happy hour, even on he weekends.Just had our annual Christmas dinner (my besties and I) and learned that Brian is back! Once again we ordered a smorgasbord and were all completely satisfied- including my sister who is Vegan. And we indulged in $6 Apple Martinis that were probably the best I've had all year. Get the Dandan noodles and add shrimp and chicken- AMAZEBALLS!I stopped by on a Saturday around 6 for dinner and found that they have a weekend happy hour in the bar area from 5-7. They have a large selection of the typical Thai dishes in smaller portions. Warning- when they tell you it's spicy, it actually is. I had pad kee mao, and at a 2 star level it was extremely spicy!! My friends ordered 4 stars and their mouthes we're on fire!Ordered takeout here for the first time. Got the Dan Dan Noodles, with just tofu and vegetables, and holy cow was it delicious! Lots of veggies, fried garlic slices on top and a wonderfully spicy, tangy sauce. I'm definitely going to eat-in next time, since the restaurant itself is quite beautiful and the hostess was very friendly. Plus they have sliding glass doors in front for the nice weather.I ordered the yellow curry with chicken and it was so creamy and so tasty. I loved it! A little pricey but you pay for the quality, that's for sure. Loved it!Highly recommend! Food was delicious delicious! The atmosphere is calming, beautifully designed with leather European style furniture and the staff appears friendly. The prices are decent and the wine was nice and crisp. Love it!A great experience this past week with some of my work colleagues!
Not being familiar with downtown, I pulled out Yelp and our group was down for some Thai. We chose Xiandu based on a number of reviews and location. 
From being greeted warmly by the staff, through our fun drinks (like purple rain), appetizers, the main course - I had seafood, and dessert - a great meal and experience! Service was fantastic throughout our extended time, the food was top notch and a great value! I will be back.
Thanks to all!I love this place. The service is awesome. Everything on the menu is delicious and they're byob! I feel like it's not that well known which is surprising because the location is great but I'm glad because it's easy to get big group reservations. The ambience is great as well. Did I mention the great service?Delicious lunch, friendly staff, especially enjoyed the Tom yum soup. I had the Thai basil sauce with chicken lunch entree, Bonnie kindly has the entree modified to add a little more spice! Service was excellent!Sad to write this negative review as I've really enjoyed their dishes, but of the last takeout order I got (two entrees and one appetizer) TWO of the dishes had chicken BONES minced in along with the meat. This is unacceptable and dangerous. I hope the kitchen cleans up its act.(3.5 stars) I was actually a little disappointed with dinner here. Not that it wasn't very good, but it definitely wasn't the 4.5 star Thai dinner that I was expecting. The pad si ew was enjoyable, akin to that of any above average Thai restaurant, but just as those meals were, this one was also somewhat forgettable. 
My favorite part of the meal was definitely the Thai BBQ wings. The meat pretty much slid off the bone and the rub on it was great, savory and jerk-like. Plus the chili garlic sauce added a really nice balance; I just wish it came with more sauce because the small corner of it was definitely not enough for 8 wings.
At the same time though, the crispy spring rolls were surprisingly poor. They were heavy, oily, and didn't have much actually inside of them. Mostly just the outer shell, which again was oily. 
Other than that, the service was good and the restaurant has a really nice atmosphere with an open door-front. I'd probably come back if I was in the area but wouldn't travel out of my way for it.Got takeout here and spent about $20 for their summer rolls and drunken noodles. Their ordering system was quite easy and convenient through Eat24 which was nice. However the food didn't really wow me. The summer rolls were tiny and not satisfying at all. The drunken noodles were better and I had enough left over for lunch the next day but they lacked the slightly sweet flavor that I was expecting from more traditional drunken noodles.In Philadelphia for the night we thought we'd check out Xianadu because of the 4.5 stars. The place was packed and they seated us at one of the bar tables because we had no reservation. I've had a lot of Thai food in my day and I could only muster a 3 for this place. The best dish was the watercress corn fritters (an evening special) but the veggie dumplings and Thai chili mango dish were average at best - although the mango dish came in an Indian Asian hard naan ish type bowl which added a nice touch. There are too many other Thai places around to go back here for average food.I'm really surprised at how highly this place was rated. Atmosphere, service, and prices were solid but the Pad Thai was not good. The best part about Pad Thai is the balance of sweet and salty and the thick sauce absorbed into the noodles. The Pad Thai at Xandu felt more like dessert than dinner -- noodles were really slippery and did not absorb the sauce, sauce itself was watery, and it was sickly sweet. Because I did not like the Pad Thai, I don't think I'll be back to try other items.This was a little gem surprise!  Fabulous food with very original
Choices. The service was great by Sean the bartender too.  Highly recommend it to anyone!Very decent Thai restaurant in center city. I had lunch special with friends and I was really satisfied. Had Tum yum soup and red curry with rice. Soup was really delicious even though I normally don't like tom yum soup. 
Red curry was mild spicy and creamy. Really like it. It could have been 5 star if our server were little bit helpful. My friend asked about her menu, she didn't want to order fried food and wanted to make sure but our server gave her wrong information and she ended up with deep fried dish. It was delicious however that was not what she was asking. It could have been 5 star.I came back here for lunch with a coworker.  They have lunch specials that includes a salad with a daikon mustard dressing or Tom Yum Soup.  We got the soup and it was very good.  The Red Curry with Shrimp was delicious as well as the Yellow Curry with Chicken.  Our waiter was wonderful and very attentive.  He was very considerate because he knows most people are trying to get back to work.  Everyone there is soooo friendly.  It was a beautiful day so they had the storefront open.  Great birthday lunch!!!The worst experience I've ever had at a Philly restaurant.  My how things have changed at Xiandu Thai in just a couple of months.  It's no longer a true BYOB and the service is beyond terrible.  We waited 45 minutes for our appetizer.  During that time we got one update from the waiter.  When we finally got the appetizer I asked if maybe they would waive the $12 corking fee.  Nope.  Not even a real apology for the wait, just blamed the kitchen for messing up.  We decided to take the main courses to go and got home to find the meals under cooked.  I guess that was my fault for asking for it to go an hour after we placed the order.  This place used to be good because it was a BYOB with decent food and fast service.  Absolutely no reason to ever go here now.Got take out from here on a whim. I got the roti canai and the duck tacos. Yes, the roti was thicker than I'm used to but still delicious and the curry dipping sauce was great. Duck tacos were AMAZING! Just the right combo of spicy and sweet, rich and light. It was enough for a lunch portion for me (2 large tacos). I'll be back.Excellent food. The thai iced tea isn't overly sweetened, and the curries, pad thai, and laska are just as good as anything you'd find in Thai Town in Los Angeles. Best dishes are the panang and pad thai. You're missing out if you don't give them a try.The best thai outside of Thailand! My go to place for take out. I love all their dishes that I have tried. Their green curry is to die for with chicken or tofu. Also, the coconut ice cream served on the shell is superb. We catered from them for my daughter's first birthday party, and the guests are still talking about it. The owners are awesome! A must try!! Please specify the hot levels, because they can make it to your specification.I found this place through OpenTable when scrambling to find a place that wasn't only offering a Christmas day dinner menu and I'm glad this place was available!
My boyfriend and I split a Shrimp Summer Roll, Chicken Panang Curry, and Pad Paradise.  Everything was flavorful and filling!  I appreciate that they give you share plates because you are definitely going to want to taste a little bit of everything.  The portions are enough that you could take some home...but we couldn't stop eating it and didn't feel disgusting either.
I will definitely be back.The food was delicious and the service amazing. Our server Brian was very attentive, provided great recommendations and could not have been better! It is a great spot no matter your spice tolerance, mine is 0 while the rest of our group is more adventurous. We ordered salmon spring rolls, summer rolls, tom yum soup and the wings, all of which was flavorful and would order again. We had the chicken thai fried rice as a table to share which was plenty as the portions are quite large. All members of our group were beyond happy with their entrees. Brian heard we were celebrating a birthday and brought out a number of mochi for us to share!Loved all the food we got. We had dan Dan noodles that were delicious!!Center city has a relative scarcity of Thai restaurants unless you're able to trek out towards 20/Chestnut-ish, so I was quite excited when Xiandu opened smack in the middle of Center City.
This place smells new, like new wooden floors.  It has a very open ambiance and the tables are situated such that you're not elbow-to-elbow with the strangers at the next table.  I love the comfy white chairs here. Maybe because the restaurant is newly opened, I noticed that the walls were completely barren. Not sure if that was purposeful or not.
I got a delicious chicken yellow curry and a Thai iced tea.  The curry comes in its own pot.  Usually, I find that curry at Thai restaurants is a somewhat small portion but I had leftovers this time.  All the wait staff were attentive.  One quickly noticed that I'd finished my rice before the curry -- good rice brings out the full flavor of delicious curry -- and swiftly refilled my rice.  The appetizers aren't the cheapest but I look forward to trying them sometime in the future.
There's a 10% discount with a Jefferson ID, of which I was completely unaware until I'd left.  (The discount was printed on the take-out menus but not on the in-house menus)  Be sure to take advantage of that, given its prime location near Jefferson.  There also isn't a website yet, which I hope will be available soon.Amazing new place! Ordered the mango chicken and it was delicious.  The roti canal was good too. I actually liked the veggie version better.  The dumplings were my oh complain. They were bland.  All the other food made up for it though!Omg. Yummy indeed! This is my new favorite Thai restaurant in the city. I've been to the restaurant once and ordered delivery twice already to my Rittenhouse location and have never been disappointed. As other reviewers have already commented, the food was fresh and always super tasty. I've tried different items on the menu each time I've ordered and my favorites so far are the pad see ew, tortilla roll (aka duck burrito), curry puffs, and the stuffed tofu. So I guess pretty much most of the items that I've tried are my favorites...it's hard to narrow down the choices! Service dining in and via delivery were both prompt. I'll definitely be back again to add more to my "favorites" list.when I moved to Philly in August, I was really depressed because the Thai food just was not good at all compared to NYC. I'm so happy I found Xiandu through yelp. It's definitely the best thai I've had in Philly. We had the Roti Canai which was really good; crab curry puffs (pretty good, could have used a bit more flavor but still yummy); chicken pad thai (yummy, a bit different from other places in that the sauce is sweeter and smoother); and the singapore pai koot spare ribs (ribs are so tender; penang curry sauce is delicious). You can tell everything is homemade and our waiter Brian was so helpful, friendly, honest and adorable. Seriously one of the best waiters I've met and I'm a huge foodie. 
I don't usually write yelp reviews for restaurants these days, but Brian just made the night so much fun which is why we left a huge tip (30+%). Will definitely be back to try more!I'm going with all five here like some of the others.  Great Thai food, EXCELLENT jasmine green tea!! ...and it's BYOB (although I had none to bring).  I'd def say if in Philly and looking for some good Thai food with a nice atmosphere this should be a go to spot.  Not to mention it's location is great and you can walk somewhere else for a good drink or something.Excellent food! Excellent service! 
Waitress is attentive, polite and informative. Over all experience was pretty excellent and the food was perfection!!!!!!!!!
I ordered the Roti Canai for the appetizer and the Tom yum soup for the entree. It was one of the best Thai food I've had in a long time.
Highly recommend!!! Will return back if ever in Philadelphia again!!
Cheers!!!We stumbled across this restaurant for a late lunch.  The staff was cherry and attentive.  The FOOD was sumptuous.  Of course we all left with a runny nose.  Can you say "hot/spicy much"?  Lot's of menu choices some traditional Thai choices and a few signature dishes.
I will be going backMy boyfriend and I were visiting from NYC (where there is a LOT of awesome Thai food) and this place still blew me away! Amazing food, wonderful service, lovely atmosphere. I ordered the Pad Thai with veggies and tofu and it was all cooked to perfection. I would highly recommend this place to anyone! I will definitely be returning with any future trips to Philly!Great new restaurant--they opened one month ago. Very attentive service and knowledgable staff. I was looking for a spicy dish. The server recommended Pad Si Ew with beef and brought a srirachia/lime sauce and a very hot chili seed paste so I could customize the degree of hotness with  each bite. Liquor license is on the way. BYOB until it does. I will be back.I absolutely love this restaurant been coming here for a while now and every time the food is amazing everything always taste so fresh the service is wonderful they remember me and my boyfriend every time we go there! I would definitely recommend this place!!I love love love Thai food and have eaten at literally every Thai restaurant in Philly. Xiandu, in my opinion, is the best! The food is delicious and the portion sizes are large. The only thing that could be improved is the ambiance, which feels especially strange if there are few people in the large restaurant - but hey, that means faster and more attentive service!Peter was an amazing server. Explained the menu and gave great recommendations. The food was just as amazing as the service. 
Highly recommend this to anyone going downtown for some great Thai food.Great Thai food!  I had a good lychee martin to start.  Then the Tom Kha soup- awesome. Then the Singapore Pai-Koo (short ribs) which were very flavorful. And some Mochi for dessert!  Great place with great service!!Red curry with tofu + veggies - the curry was very flavorful and spicy.  Nice balance of cooked tofu and veggies.
Drunken Noodles - husband was not a fan at all.  I tried a bit and it was extremely bland.  We've had better versions of this at other Thai restaurants.  
Service was friendly and fast.Food is okay, not amazing but I'm rating so low because the waitress was rude. Half my table asked for boxes and I did as well but the waitress said "everyone else can get one but I think you just need to eat because you are talking too much. Every time I pass the table you are talking and no one else is talking so you don't need a box." She eventually gave me a box when she realized her mistake but it's the first time I ever tipped lower than 20% and I am definitely NOT coming back. Not sure what she was trying to achieve.This place has amazing food. You cant go wrong with The tofu Baker, roti cani, drunken noodles and yellow curry. The bartender made amazing lemon drops and the waiter jeff was awesome.  Throughly enjoyed the vibe, company and overall atmosphere of this restaurant.In Philadelphia for the night we thought we'd check out Xianadu because of the 4.5 stars. The place was packed and they seated us at one of the bar tables because we had no reservation. I've had a lot of Thai food in my day and I could only muster a 3 for this place. The best dish was the watercress corn fritters (an evening special) but the veggie dumplings and Thai chili mango dish were average at best. There are too many other Thai places around to go back here for average food.I ordered from here tonight and the red curry was terrible.  Bland, no flavor and a very odd consistency.  I rarely write on yelp but felt the need to warn others.1st stop at this restaurant. It was not very busy when we went. The service was excellent. The staff were attentive, and helpful. The food was superb - all the dishes we had were excellent. Started with the Roti Canai and had Green curry, Panang curry and the mango chicken. All excellent dishes.
Great place, and they have surprisingly large number of tables. The bar is well stocked as well.I think Xiandu is my new favorite thai spot in Philly. We went with the yellow curry, the angry beef, and the chicken satay for an appetizer.  The yellow curry was certainly the highlight of the meal.  Price wise, with two drinks, the whole meal came out to about $65.    
Aside from the food and the prices, the service was also great and it's easy access from Patco if you are coming over from New Jersey.Absolutely mouth-wateringly spicy and delicious. I am going back soon. I cannot recommend this place enough. On the way out, another patron who we didn't know commented and who was leaving at the same time was commenting on how much she enjoyed the food, and this doesn't happen everywhere. This place is a surprise.
Philly has a problem with Thai food. It generally does not do it very well. The market is saturated. We have tons and tons of pan-Asian and take-out places that claim to do Thai. Thai/Chinese. Vietnamese/Thai, Japanese/Thai. Sushi and Thai. OK, but can you show me the Thai Thai?  Although I can see that Xiandu is not run by Thai people, it has a great menu. The food was superior to meals I've had from Circles, Erawan, Lemon Grass, or MyThai. Xiandu blows the rest of these take-out places away. We had the roti canai (again, Malaysian, not Thai) which was fluffier and more delicate than what you get at Banana Leaf, then each chose a sauteed dish, the basil chicken and pad prik khing beef.
I thought the presentation for both was colorful and amazing. Heavy on vegetables. Whoever creates the sauces here for the sauteed dishes knows what they are doing. I cook a lot of Thai food at home instead of going out for Thai, but I don't think I can replicate the sauces made here. They were great.
They do spicy food on the cautious side here, but they offered a small jar of home-made, authentic sriracha style chili paste, which was far superior to the Huy Fong Foods version, intensely flavorful, fresh, and full of heat.
I am definitely going back. I was also pleased to see that the menu has several Singaporean dishes, like a curry laksa soup. I am definitely going to be back to try it!Great new place!!  This place is gorgeous inside.  Service is friendly, prompt and just the right amount of wait time to get your food.  The prices are so reasonable and the food is delicious.  Their menu has some dishes that are rarely available like Mi Goreng.  I will be back often!What a delightful find!  The red curry and calamari I had was delicious and the service from all, particularly my waiter, Brian, was outstanding.  I'm only in town for a few days, but hope to do a repeat appearance at this place before I leave!We went here for dinner last night. Great place, great ambiance. The best part- there was no waiting and so were able to get a table immediately. The seating right in front of  the door is a great spot for sitting! We ordered roti canai and summer rools for appetizers. And 2 vegetarian entree. The food was great and fresh. Will definitely go back.One of the best thai food I ever had. Staff also is very friendly and courteous. Recommended!Excellent food and drinks. The service was awesome too. We had an infant with us and everyone was super accommodating. I would highly recommend this place!Delicious food and a quiet atmosphere, at least while I was there. The waitstaff was very friendly, and helpful in recommending vegetarian options. We ordered the Pad Kee Mao Tofu and the Thai Basil Tofu. Both were excellent. The tofu was wonderfully prepared - neither rubbery nor fried to a crisp, as is often the case. 
If I weren't in town on vacation, I would become a regular here.This is my 4th or 5th time here now and it has been excellent every time. The best Thai food I have found so far near center city.I selected this restaurant based on its Yelp ratings and was completely pleased. I got the thai mango dish with chicken which was absolutely delicious and our waiter, Brian, could not have been more pleasant. The prices were good and the service was outstanding.I just tried their Singapore Laksa Curry Noodle recently through online order. I've had this dish before while dining in but didn't realize there's an option to request it to be extra spicy. It changed my life and I'm still drooling as I'm typing up this review. I'm going to start requesting every dish extra spicy now - don't know why it never registered in my head to do that at the restaurant lol...bumping it up to 5 stars. I love this place!!!!Had the fish cakes for appetizer.  Tasted like it was frozen. Sauce was not good.  I had the Singapore laksa soup and it was lacking in flavor. Needed more spice and needed to be sweeter. The seafood lover was also lacking in oomph. Sorry but Thais food is usually very flavorful. This fell flat.Great Thai food! Very accommodating for gluten free diet. My partner who doesn't have a gluten free dietary restriction loved the drunken noodles! This place has become our go-to neighborhood Thai takeout place.Sexy fingers were everything the name implies, angry beef was cooked perfectly (rare, mmmm), and delivery was super fast. Would have ordered a little more spice, seems like it might be a northeast spice scale and not a traditional Thai place spice scale. Very yummy though!If you love Thai food - this is the place to be. Undoubtedly the best Thai I have eaten in a long long time. I wish they had outlets in NJ or NYC to make my life easier. I would definitely go back there and would very highly recommend it to everyone. Very cozy and homey ambience to make you feel at home with a great service as well. It's the perfect combination of everything when it comes to comfort dining. Loved it!This place is great and offers delivery in a wide radius.  The roti is excellent, as is the curry.Some of the best Panang Curry you'll ever have. I also had a Thai salad with avocado. Bonnie the owner was wonderful! l'll certainly be back.I came here for dinner a few months ago around Valentines Day I think. Upon walking in I was greeted immediately. I was seated and my waiter was very nice and professional. I ordered some type of chicken and it tasted good but the potion was rather small for the price. The set up of the place is unique and looks updated. The chicken tasted fresh but I was still hungry when I was done.
It's also BYOB so that is a plus. There wasn't a lot of people in there so it was quiet for the most part which was nice. I feel as if they should lower their prices a little bit or make their portions bigger and I would go back for sure. The service was great and the place is nice overall. It's more of an open type of restaurant so not much privacy if that's what your looking for.This is a nice little place located in Center City. Was recommended by a friend.
We had Crispy Spring Roll and the Vietnamese Summer Rolls for appetizers. They were alright; just your typical rolls. The Chili Lime dipping sauce had a good spike to it.
I had the chicken Massaman curry with a side of jasmine rice. Not the best curry or Massaman curry I've had. Very liquidlyty and a bit bland. This curry is usually a bit spicy, however, I could not taste any spice. It just felt flat on the tongue. The rice was very good, although portion was very small in comparison to other 'side' amounts.
Staff was attentive. The restaurant has an 'ok' ambiance. Nothing really stands out to make it memorable.
Would not recommend.I've been ordering from this place 3 times a week for the past year. I've had most of the food in the menu and the food was perfect and delivery was prompt! But now the quality of the food, and the delivery are not what it used to be. I ordered pad thai and speing rolls, and the pad thai lacked flavor, and the spring rolls were soggy. The delivery now takes more than an hour and the flavor of the food is mediocre. I gave 2 starts because in the past this was my favorite restaurant and I hope they will do something about these issues and fix them.Interior is spacious and nice. Not too crowded on a Saturday night. Thai food with new flavors mixed in nd friendly service.Chose Xindu for an impromptu dinner with work colleagues based on Yelp reviews. Very happy with the experience. The service was friendly, prompt, and welcoming. The menu offered many good options for a group that included vegetarians and meat eaters. Food arrived promptly and everyone was pleased with their choices. We focused on the Thai dishes including a couple of curries, a noodle dish, and a couple of sauteed dishes. Very tasty. Others will have to judge authenticity but we left very happy. Menu prices very reasonable. Five diners had beers, appetizers, and entrees for under $140.This place is good! And the staff is very nice and attentive. 
I've ordered take out and sat down for lunch, and it's only been open for 2 weeks.  You can't go wrong with the pad thai or the massaman curry. Well worth a visit.We are glad that we came across this place. I and hubby went for lunch and their lunch special had good selection. Very flavorful food, simple ambience and friendly staff. I am sure to visit this place many more times.I've never written a Yelp review before but this place deserves a great one!! Our waiter, Brian, made the experience so much more wonderful. Brian is so knowledgeable about the menu and took the time to explain the dishes to us and offer his suggestions (which were all amazing!). We had the Asian Tacos with Duck and the Lettuce wraps for our appetizers...both were delicious and very flavorful! I had the Pad Se Ewe (my go-to Thai dish) and it was definitely the best I've ever had! Topped off the meal with some creme brulee for dessert. Thanks so much, Xiandu and Brian for your excellent food and service! I will be highly recommending this restaurant to friends and family.I've been to xiandu twice so far and have really enjoyed it!! It's a great BYOB and the servers are all super friendly. I absolutely love the aesthetic inside. The first time I had the angry beef, done medium, and it was super tasty. The second time I had spicy beef pad Thai and it was fabulous. The price is very reasonable for the friendly service and great food. 
After dinner my friends and I had some desert. It was delicious creme brûlée  and also fried green tea ice cream. I hope this place sticks around because I'll be back!Came here for lunch (though I would recommend you come for dinner if you can - seems like the experience would be even better). I ordered a Pad See Ew (not too salty or sweet) and had the Vietnamese Summer Rolls for an appetizer. Both were delicious!
What really made the place here though was the service. From the minute I walked in, there was a very friendly hostess. And then we had a hilarious, great waiter named Brian! Shoutout to Brian for his recommendations and smiling face. It's always better to have your delicious food accompanied by a friendly atmosphere.
Would definitely go again!Decent Thai place, not as authentic as other Thai places, but I t offered atmosphere with Good foods.
My friend and I shared Tom Yum soup, chicken satai, angry beef and a spicy noodle plate that I don't remember name.  The waiter was very helpful choosing menu.
Angry beef was good, but did not live up to its hype. But everything else was great. Bow,  I will let the pictures to talk.Food pretty good & customer service was decent. First time having curry puffs and was pretty good, very similar to samosas! Will go back.Very good take out spot, average prices for Thai in the city however bit the flavors are spot on. 
Delivery tends to be within the 40-60 minute range and everything arrives hot and well packaged. The portions are slightly above average with one entree being sufficient for 1.5 servings.Authentic Thai place. Spice levels matched expectations. Definitely a place to try if you love Thai food. 
Hostess was very courteous. Tea was good.Xiandu has one of the best happy hours in Center City. Their staff is always so kind and attentive. I've been here many times and always had a great experience.
My personal favorites are the Dan-Dan noodles, the samosas, and the Red Apple Sangria.Pieces of 'hot' pepper in the Kao Pad Prik were a bit too large for my liking, felt like I was chewing on leaves. Otherwise the flavoring was good, lunch meal price is reasonable and the service was friendly.I had never been here before but will definitely be back! The service was great and friendly. The food was wonderful. We had the calamari and sexy finger appetizers, which were both yummy. The calamari was perfect and the dipping sauce delicious! I had pad Thai and my friend had the seafood lover for dinner. 
Portions were big, I could not finish mine. We also had caramel apple martinis which were large and also good and strong! I highly recommend this place for dinner and can't wait to go back.AMAZING- in all caps. Went for dinner with my bffs. We always have a smorgasbord. Everything was extremely flavorful, the pad Thai, drunken noodle, red curry, kimchi udon, sexy fingers, salmon spring rolls, and of course the roti canai! Oh and so were the fried bananas and fried ice cream. Nancy and her sister are the sweetest ppl in center city. And Brian is our new bff!Not very good.  The massamun curry had no spice at all, despite being labelled "hot and spicy".  The red curry was good.  Called to let them know and they were rude on the phone.  Won't be ordering from here again.Ok so I'm very picky about my Thai food and I've gotta say this is a place that I will definitely be visiting again! We were a party of 6 and didn't want to eat too much good we ended up sharing, we got the roti canai, pad Thai, Dan Dan noodles, massaman curry and the penang curry. My favorites were definitely the roti canai which just melted in your mouth! The massaman curry was my favorite dish out of the four we tried! I liked the message penang curry but was not a big fan of the pad Thai and Dan Dan noodles, which kind of was a disappointment because I was really looking forward to Dan Dan noodles. The portions were great especially for 6 very hungry women and the service was great as well. Its such a a clean, chic environment which I appreciated. Looking forward to going back!