Good drinks, good vibe, nice view.
Been there a bunch of times -- yeah, I'm a fan. Great place for a romantic dinner or simply to start the night with friends. I can't really rate the food 'cause I haven't had an official meal there yet (only small bites), but the service and the drinks are good -- some days better than others, but still acceptable. I like to sit on the balcony when it's warm out. It's a fun experience.
Definitely a fan of their restroom, too. It is clean and elegant, I like that! :)
Going there with a large crowd can be a pain though because the sitting is so...awkward. That's what I don't like about XIX. That, and that usually the people who go there are such snubs. Yikes. 
But overall, it is a good place.Beautiful dining room above the Hyatt.  I always dine here when I am in Philly.  Started with the Caesar salad then had the steak frites with white truffle oil.  A bottle of white.  The apple crisp and cappuccinos for dessert.  Start with drinks at the bar which has pretty views.I've been here a few times, once for dinner, once for Sunday brunch and another time just hanging out at the bar. I've enjoyed myself everytime! I've gotten the steak both times (dinner and brunch)...D-E-L-I-C-I-O-U-S. I also ate several slices of cheescake at brunch until I was completely stuffed. The service is alway great...I love this place.The decor and  view from this restaurant is absolutely gorgeous... A definite hot spot for a romantic dinner.
Food was cooked to perfection, service was exceptional - very courteous and prompt. I'll definitely be coming back!Excellent food, lovely ambiance, light and airy, not too noisy, with pleasant and attentive servers. But that's not all. The 3-course prix fixe lunch is my favorite. The first course is a buffet of salads, meats, and cheeses. Then you get a choice of entrees made to order. The arctic char with broccolini and couscous was delicious! Finally, a dessert buffet with a nice variety of small portion cakes, cookies, and mousses. I have been there for lunch many times and will return and recommend it to friends.I've ended up here twice within the last week with friends, and I have to say I'd forgotten how much I love it. For some reason I never remember to go to XIX - maybe because it's on the 19th floor of a hotel, or because it's in the middle of Broad St., but regardless I have resolved to start going there more often.
The ambiance is spectacular - one of the most physically beautiful bar spaces in Philly I'd say, with that old hotel bar glamour that is harder and harder to find these days. High ceilings and windows, low light, a fireplace in the winter (which is reason to go there in and of itself) and gorgeous balcony seating in the summer...if you need a romantic and lavish date spot, this is your place. 
There is a fairly good selection of wines, although they're categorized in a slightly odd way (e.g. full bodied, medium bodies, etc.), that are not exorbitantly priced for a hotel bar. The calamari is also wonderful, although the cheese plate is a bit sparse for the price tag. It's also not too overcrowded or loud on Fri and Sat nights, which is a welcome respite from the midtown/Sansom St. craziness.Mice!!!!!
Just left happy hour and saw a mouse running around the bar. Definitely not returning!!!I took my bf to celebrate his bday.  I opted to book via OpenTable-- seamless process. 
We were running late (per usual) I called to inform the hostess and they were accommodating. The ambiance is to DIE for. The pearl chandelier is simply breathtaking.  After checking-in and admiring the architecture, we were seated. Our waitress (I forgot her name) was an ANGEL. She was very well versed on the menu and made meal and wine pairing suggestions. I opted for seafood and the beau ordered a steak-- heavenly! We had the last seating and not one did we feel rushed! Our waitress went over and beyond, she was very friendly and personable and helped in adding special touches (like lighting a candle when dessert came out). I also asked if we could take pictures on the balcony-- she said it was closed but she could see what she can do. Sure enough, at the end of dinner she opened the door for us to take pictures. The view was AMAZING. Our waitress was soooooooooooooo gracious. 
I definitely recommend this place for a romantic dinner, wedding, rendez-vous--- whatever. 
After dinner, we went to the lounge to order more drinks. You could honestly make a night out of just the lounge area.This is my first review on Yelp and sadly I have to give what used to be one of my very favorite happy hour spots one star. I have been coming to XIX for happy hour for years and I have always loved it. It has a relaxed vibe, its beautiful, and has great bar food. I went today to celebrate a friends birthday with a few drinks before venturing out into the city's nightlife and was greeted by a mouse in the lounge area! Totally unacceptable for a place of its caliber and reputation. Get an exterminator please!!!Good fries! Sit at the bar, comfy chairs and you can see the view of the city a little higher up than in the lounge. Happy hour is pretty good, the staff was attentive and the atmosphere is great!Wow. The main dinning room with the over sized pearl chandelier was beutiful. Food was crazy good. Next time I go I will order 2 appetizers. I came here for valentines day and the choice was perfect. I felt romanced by the experiance.Well, I had heard that happy hour here was a must. I'll say that it was good to experience  it. We got there at 6 on 12/31 we were able to find seats and after about 10 mins a waitress approached  us. The drinks for happy hour are mostly sweet drinks, something  I don't  really care for but I found a good drink not  overly sweet once you ask for the simple syrup  to be scaled back. It was a pear drink tasty and easy going down. The bf was unhappy with his first drink which was tequila and melon liquor ( I tried to warn him). We ordered the seafood platter for 2, it was good and well presented. The waitress was attentive until we were done took about 15-20 mins to get our check. All in all the service  in the beginning  was great, I had better happy hour drinks. Don't see this as a place for a return visit for me.Great 3 course lunch.  Everything from the wait staff to the expresso was wonderful.  If you haven't had lunch here, it is a must.We had Sunday Brunch at Nineteen XIX.  The place was great.  The atmosphere was was wonderful, it reminded of us at places we had eaten at in Europe.  They play chill style music giving the place a upbeat feel not stuffy at all.  The service was a bit slow due to the place being busy without being out of control.  They really went out of their way to makes us feel both welcomed and comfortable.  The dress is nice casual yet we saw hotel guests who were in work out clothes.  The brunch is set up with a raw bar to start with shrimp and oysters and other assorted fresh salads and lox and bagels.  Then you order off the menu.  We had the Crab cake Benedict which was really good.  I  have had this before at other places and yet this was one of the best Crab cake Benedict I have had.  Desert was also done similar to the raw bar you go and help yourself to all you want.  The table is set up with different types of deserts everything from chocolate croissants to cookies and tarts of different styles.  Over all we really liked Nineteen XIX and would return.  It was a great change of pace from what brunch has turned into these days of loud talking and people taking selfies, wait staff feeling that they are doing you a favor by serving you food at a too close to the next selfi taking table.  You won't find this at Nineteen XIX .  Take a chance and go.After a long day of traveling,  settling in,  ironing, and resolving my Internet connectivity issues it was finally time to eat. I had nothing since breakfast so decided to hit the hotel restaurant. I quickly noticed the refined decor and attentiveness of the wait staff. I went big and bold because I starving. The fish and chips and a Guinness were very tasty and satisfying. The fresh succulent fish was not overpowered by the batter. The tartar sauce was exquisitely flavored to give a perfect pairing. The chips were golden brown and served hot. The Guinness was a perfect pint served at the perfect temperature!Dined here Saturday night with 2 other couples. Nineteen is a beautiful restaurant; classy, elegant space with great views of the Philadelphia skyline. For me, the room was the best part of my experience. While the food was good (not great), it was very expensive with very small portions. The kind of portions that leave you hungry when done - and we all had 4 courses.
The service was disappointing for such an upscale restaurant. Salads came out with our appetizers, silverware not being replaced when taken with finished courses, not being offered coffee with our desserts. The staff seemed generally untrained.  This may not seem like much, but when the tab comes to $100/pp you should expect a lot. At least I do.
Dining at Nineteen left me underwhelmed, but with confidence that I won't be returning at least for dinner. Their bar on the other hand was great. A cozy, upscale environment with great bartenders serving very well made cocktails. I wouldn't hesitate to return to the bar, if not the restaurant itself. Cheers!We came to the lounge Saturday night for drinks. Located on the 19th floor, the lounge area offers a wonderful view of the city at nighttime. When we arrived around 11pm, the outdoor patio was full. There weren't many outdoor seating areas; three or four tables per balcony, first come first serve! My friend at I sat at the lounge instead, where there are nice booths that wrap around the tall windows. We missed the sunset, but other patrons at the bar told us it's a beautiful vantage point from XIX. The magic champagne flute and the private label reds were good. Excellent ambience and service.So I made reservations for a post graduation lunch thinking that this would be a special place. We got there on time but two others in our group were caught in traffic. We were denied seating until the others came. Because they were 15 minutes late we were to be forced to have lunch in the bar. The staff was rude and not interested in any type of customer service. Not cool, XIX. We did not stay.Once upon a time, there was a solo luncher who happened upon the Cafe Lunch at XIX....
Sometimes, I feel a wee bit awkward when I'm out lunching by myself, but I didn't feel the least bit out of place at XIX.  The staff was nice and attentive.  I got sat at a nice table near the window.  I went with the Cafe Lunch, which was a buffet of salads and various meats and cheeses and desserts AND an entree of your choice from the kitchen PLUS coffee and tea.  
I helped myself to a carrot and chickpea slaw, some apple, walnut, and blue cheese salad, and a touch of cheese (brie, gouda, and bleu).  For the main course, I ordered the grilled corvino served in middle eastern-type spices.  The corvino had the texture and flavor of swordfish, which can be quite firm and even tough, if overcooked.  I thought the fish was ok.  Then I helped myself to a tasting of every item on the dessert bar.....was this necessary??? of course!!  The fresh berries alone were worth 3 trips to the bar. :P
Overall, I enjoyed the service and atmosphere the most.  Lunch was relaxing, and my waitress Danielle was pleasant.  The sourdough roll that was brought to me was really, really good - nice and soft on the inside and light and crusty on the outside...plus they served it with room temperature butter, which I am always amazed to still find places that serve me cold butter at the table... I also enjoyed the teas: the ginger peach iced tea and the Vanilla Oblong hot tea.  The food wasn't astronomically good, but it wasn't bad either.  I will definitely be back.  Next time, I'll bring friends to share this place with.  But on a side note, if you're not completely comfortable eating by yourself, this is one of the best places to do it.I don't know where the reviewers below were eating, it wasn't at the XIX where I dined last evening.
I have dined at more than a dozen of Philadelphia magazine's top 100 restaurants, and this is near the top.
First, the room, with its soaring domed ceilings, and large windows looking out over the city , is one of the best restaurant settings in the city.
Next, the Octopus appetizer I ordered was perhaps the best octopus that I have been served, and my venison entree was equally fabulous.  My wife could not stop raving about her Monkfish entree.
The service was friendly and not over attentive, and when the entrees were a bit slow to arrive, our server topped up our wine glasses for free.
Finally, the prices were very reasonable for the high quality of food and service.
This is a definite favorite.I once told someone that if had to describe heaven on earth, it would exist at during lunchtime in the rotunda of XIX. The well lit, manicured setting can make any guest feel like they're out for a luncheon with kings. It's the perfect escape from a busy work day, and I always take advantage of the lunch buffet special: spread of meats, cheeses, and salads to start. Then you order your entree of choice, and you complete the meal with another buffet of desserts. Be forewarned, you should definitely attend on an empty stomach and get ready for a food coma if you overindulge. However for $22 (price recently increased from $20), I'd say this is a discounted rate for high class entertainment. XIX is where I will go for birthday celebrations and to charm out-of-town guests.I'm surprised how poor the service is at a restaurant like this. I guess the location is good so that the management takes their customers for granted. Will not visit again.I absolutely love this place.  This review has been well overdue and will consist of at least 3 of my experiences (if you want a short version, scroll all the way down to the caps that says "SHORT VERSION"). First off, don't come for restaurant week because it won't do the food any justice.  The food was ok during restaurant week, but whatever you do, DON'T let that be your first experience (I wish I could highlight this last line, but Yelp doesn't give me that ability).
They have a bar in their "Library" which is located right outside of Restaurant XIX and their drinks are great even during happy hour.  Going there for their happy hour apps?  If you don't have any allergies to shellfish, I highly recommend the jumbo lump crab cake; there are no fillers.  I repeat, "There. Are. No. Fillers."
The drinks change with the season; my favorite was the Grand Dame when it was made with lillet, basil, and I think champagne.  As of right now (8/25/2016), the Grand Dame is currently made with vanilla vodka and espresso (still very good!)
The restaurant is beautiful...so beautiful that this is where my husband and I held our wedding!  Our wedding took place in August.  We had the 2 balconies to us.  The weather was nice, the glow of the setting sun kissed the room with such delicate light that there was no need for any wedding decor.  You know what we had?  A DJ and uplighting when the sun went down.  Anything else would've taken away from the architectural beauty!
The young lady who helped us with our wedding in XIX was Jamie.  Bless her heart.  She filled in all of the little things that I missed, like table numbers and little bags for the candy bar.  She was not a push over and followed up with me periodically.  Our bartender for the night was Rasheed.  He kept up with all of the drink orders and even though I couldn't get the Grand Dame as my signature drink, he made sure the one he made was similar!  Those two really made our wedding special!  The staff also helped set aside food on our sweetheart table so that we wouldn't miss out on any of the deliciousness while mingling with our guests. According to our guests, the food was amazing!  I can't tell you what we selected, but to this day, my friends still rave about the beef and h'ourderves. 
Fast forward to our 1 year later to our anniversary, I ordered the flat iron steak, hubby ordered the manicotti and we both had a Grand Dame.  My steak was cooked to perfection where it melted in my mouth.  The steak laid on a bed of whipped and fluffy mashed potatoes and decorated with sauteed onions and peppers that gave it the right amount of sweetness against the subtle saltiness of the steak.  I had a bite of manicotti and that was warm and cheesy...if I had to describe it, I'd have to say I pictured myself sitting in an Italian Granny's kitchen on a summer afternoon eating something that was made with tender loving care.
For those of you who made it this far, I thank you for taking the time to read my trip down memory lane.  For those who wanted the short version here it goes:
SHORT VERSION:
Food: 5/5- Get the steak if you're a carnivore!  I requested mine "medium"
Ambiance: 5/5- Very romantic...need I say more?
Location: 5/5 - They have their own parking lot at the Bellevue
Staff: 5/5- Rasheed was the best...guess who was our server for our anniversary?  Rasheed!  He's the man, very charming, love his smile!
Price: 5/5- Listen, food was great, decor was great, location was great, the price is fair and that makes it great!
Here's another tip: When calling in for a reservation, you can absolutely ask to be seated on the balcony if the weather permits.Swank central! This bar on the top of the Bellevue Hotel is a great spot. Friends and I had drinks and
snacks here before attending Swan Lake. There were more tuxedos than jeans in this establishment.
The lighting is dim and there is a small bar as well as tables for you to sit at. There are huge windows
showing a gorgeous view of Philadelphia on one side of the bar. We were lucky enough to catch the
sunset that particular evening and it was spectacular.
They have a nice wine selection and have both bottle and glass options. There were also some great
snack options that are different then the actual dining room. We had a goat cheese and rosemary
flatbread. This was excellent. The goat cheese wasn't too overpowering but provided lots of flavor.
There were also shoestring fries, cheese plates, calamari and a lot of other yummy treats.
The bartenders were also a joy. They loved chatting about our evening event, wine, great places to eat
in Philly and also gave great service. For a special occasion, this is a nice place to enjoy a drink."One word to describe me: spectacular, YES!" 
If lounges could talk, XIX would probably have taken that gem of a phrase straight from Julez Santana's mouth. 
You take the elevator to the 19th floor. Wood paneling and mirrors envelop you. There is no ding. The doors open. Chandelier. Hallways. Passageways. 
The dining area is nearly empty. It's almost midnight after all.
But the bar is bustling with the most enticing Bond crowd you've yet seen. The attendees at this evening soiree buzz about their business. Some stand at the bar. Other sit at low tables leaning toward each other to either perpetuate the vibe or see one another over the dimly lit candle. 
Couples canoodle in the corner booths where the view of Philadelphia is absolutely astounding. If you're feeling daring, step out onto the deck where you can not only see the skyline, but feel the breath of Philadelphia enclose you in her embrace. 
Drinks are ordered quickly and delivered promptly in spite of the bustle.
The Merlot was fruity; the Jack and Coke expertly blended (there is something to be said for perfect proportions of alcohol and soda); the Long Island Iced Tea zesty and zingy.I've been here for drinks and for dinner. I've had a great experience for drinks, and a so-so experience for dinner.
I absolutely would recommend this place for cocktails. The ambiance is great and the bartender makes excellent cocktails. 
I would absolutely suggest going elsewhere for dinner. The service was mediocre. When we arrived the hostess had her back to the door and was on the phone. She did not acknowledge me or my husband. So, we proceeded down the hallway towards the bar and dining area. The hostess eventually caught up with us and was quite rude, explaining to us we needed reservations (we had them). Our dining experience afterwards was OK. The service was fine and the food was OK. Considering the bill I expect much better service and better food.so i made it my business to get here for RW2011. conclusion: beautiful atmosphere (saw the sun setting through the large windows), delicious food, but pushed out the door. was that because of RW? or is it normally like that? i wouldnt know, i cannot fathom spending upwards of $70 for a meal here on a regular basis, so i may never know..So went back for cocktails in front of the fire. It turns out to be a gas fireplace. It, along with the douchbags at the bar, managed to suck all the air out of the room.  Now we know and we don't need to go back.I love it! Great food with a creative menu and nice bar food.  The appetizers are a bit pricey (not so for dinner) but it has a fabulous happy hour with $6 cocktails.  It makes for a lovely evening if you can get there early and start with happy hour and end with dinner in one of the main dining rooms.  It's in a beautiful location, the Bellview.  Built in 1914, it's the oldest hotel in Philadelphia, and the architectural elements add to the atmosphere's elegance.  Love the Mushroom Risotto made with local mushrooms and asparagus.  The Steak and Shoe String Fries were great.  And we loved the presentation (and taste) of their cheesecake.This restaurant has problems . Do not go here . They are seriously understaffed.  The staff on hand did their best but for a supposedly high end restaurant the experience was not up to par at all. Food was cold and wait for food was long after being seated .  I will NOT be returning .Came in for tea on a Saturday afternoon, they have a deck area so the doors were open and the restaurant was beautiful.
The afternoon tea consisted of finger sandwiches. Pastry, and crumpets with clotted cream. You choose your own tea and they give you a small whole pot.I love the decor and the menu. I had my 30th birthday party in the private dining room here and returned for a romantic dinner recently. I had a reservation requesting a window seat. Upon arriving I was told that I could be sent immediately or wait 15 minutes for a window seat. I chose to wait and asked if I could have a few drinks at an outside table while I waited. The area looked deserted, so I asked the hostess to make sure that someone came to offer us drinks. She assured me that they would. We waited and waited, but no one came until 20 minutes later when a gentleman came to show us to our table. our server had a large party and looked rather flustered. It took her a while to greet us, but everything went smoothly from there. The swordfish appetizer was fantastic. Our entrees were good but not as great as the last time dined there. I was rather confused and perturbed about the service. The restaurant was rather empty, so I'm not sure if they only had a few people on that weren't able to handle even the small amount of customers or what the issue was. I want to try brunch here but I may wait awhile before coming back.I must say that although the restaurant space is absolutely beautiful, and the view is spectacular- the food was very disappointing for the price! The waiter seemed very pretentious at first especially when we told him we would like regular water over bottled.  However, he warmed up a bit, after he found out that our group would not be intimidated by this posh attitude of his or that we knew a little something about food. (Apparently, that guy didn't know I yelped *gasp*)That aside, he was very knowledge about the menu and the food preparations. 
We started off with the domestic cheese and Parma Ham trays, although he did not hear my order for the meat tray he quickly retrieved one for us after I asked whether the meat was coming. I had to ask what the assortment of cheeses were, as the food runner dropped the platter on the table and dashed off. Sadly, they were the best things our palettes tasted all night!
I ordered the filet mignon- rare, for being the most expensive entree on the menu, the presentation and seasoning did not meet my expectations, the colorless side of corn and spinach concoction was undercooked and really unpalpable. Our one friend, also ordered the filet- medium and it came out extra WELL,  it was appalling that A) restaurant of this caliber could destroy such a precious cut of meat and B) it left the kitchen in the first place!!  When he sent it back, the waiter compted his meal. All in all, from the salmon, steak frites and chicken frites, the consensus was that the food was overly salty, bland and unimaginative.
The ambience of the dining room and bar area is definitely 5 stars, unfortunately the food and service would rank somewhere in a 2. For the amount that the bill came out to be, we really expected more.  I really wanted to LOVE you XIX, however after two 'meh' dinners here, shame on me for coming back a third time. Look for me in the window seat at the bar! You can not possibly be so stuck up with such horrible food!This review is for the bar, only.  I've yet to actually dine at XIX, however many a happy hour have been spent viewing the city from its lofty perch over Center City.
This is far and away one of my favorite places to spend the hours between 5:00 and 7:00 PM on summer, spring and fall afternoons.  When the weather warms, the balconies are open so that you may enjoy one of the finest views of the city to be had.  When it's not so nice, they may close them off, but the view of a sunset from the bar area in the fall and winter is a sight to behold.  As has been said before, and will be said again, this is one of the most nicely appointed dining rooms in the city, if not the best.  Its soaring ceilings are draped with pearls, featuring grand classical architecture with modernist furnishings.
The drinks during happy hour are quite reasonable, especially considering the setting and location (hotel in the Rittenhouse area).  My favorite, a Kentucky Straight Orange, is quite tasty and well mixed.  They have a nice selection of light bar fare.  Their cheese and charcuterie plates are generally worth sharing with friends to have a snack while imbibing their various drink specials.
If you want to impress your date with a nice before-dinner drink, bringing in friends from out of town, or just want to enjoy a sunset in a relaxing environment after a day of work, XIX is a great place to be.  The only thing that keeps it from getting 5 stars is the fact that, after happy hour, it is quite expensive for drinks, and I'm not entirely sure it's worth it, and the bartenders have a tendency to be a bit, well, inattentive. I would like to give this 4.5, but I don't want to round up, as 5 stars is only for that which is truly unique to the area and explosively good everywhere.  Do not take the 4 stars to mean that there is any serious problem with XIX, because there isn't.  Come to think of it, I think that's where I'll be around 5:00...I had high expectations given the wait times and table availability. Looking back, I should have level set based on other reviews. At first walk through off the elevators, the open areas leading to the dining room were elegant and the decor matched the well architected building full of rich history. The bar was extremely crowded and the ambiance was lively and full of color. Once in the main dining room, the views of the city were priceless and seating arrangements spaced appropriately. 
Having said that, the food and wait staff did not measure up to the standard presented by the restaurant and fell short of the built up expectations. The food was C+ at best with a complimentary wait/food staff that did not know the menu or offer any sufficient description of dishes and wine. The cheese board along with the steak entree tasted of grocery market quality (one of the cheeses truly tasted like deli cheese) and left plenty to be desired. The bland salmon was ok, but also room for improvement. 
All in all, I would give this restaurant a B- overall, with the views of the city, decor and ambiance being the true draw. Without those, this is not a restaurant worth going out of your way for.just went to nineteen for lunch after the nutcracker.
the service was deplorable.  they sat us at a dirty table with no silverware.  it took fifteen minutes for someone to come over and take our order.  another twenty for our food to arrive.  no one stopped by our table during our meal to see if we needed anything.  the only thing that was fast was the arrival of the check.
too bad the restaurant downstairs was closed for lunch.surprised to see this low rating.  We had our wedding banquet here 2.5 yrs ago and it was a wonderful time.  We had a small company and we only needed the wine room, but they were kind enough for us to go in at ~5-6pm and took photos.  We even go on the balcony for some photo shoot outside.
The food was great.   We had a seafood platter with oysters and shrimps, then soups and crab cakes.   Entrees were steaks or scallops, both of them were really good.  Finally, cheesecake for dessert.  
The best was the crab cakes.  I can tell it was crab meat from big snow crab meat.  They were big pieces of crab meat in the crab cake, not like the cheap carb mash elsewhere.  I hope they still have it, always want to revisit.
We had their brunch the next day too.  It was great.  I will certainly come back again.
(we actually had lunch at this place before the wedding to check this out, and we ended up settling here for the banquet.  So I was here at least three times and was never disappointed.)
(* and my former boss used to have business dinner here too.  I knew, because he was there with his guest that night, on my wedding day.  :-)  )It's a perfect place to get a couple of drink over sunset! 
I love the view they have and plus they have happy hour from 5-7pm Monday through Friday. $6 cocktails is definitely a good deal for a center city location like this. We got there around 6pm and found empty seats by the window. I love the interior and wall decors. I ordered a couple of their special cocktail. I would write out the name of it, but I honesty don't recall except the fact that it's dangerously delicious. The server was very attentive and gives a nice generous pour when you get a glass of wine. 
We didn't get to try any food, but I would definitely recommend this place for anyone who is looking to a romantic time after a workday to rewind.OVERALL - Expensive but worth while for a special occasion
FOOD (4.5 stars) - I love food, so this deserves the most weight in grading a restaurant.  We thoroughly enjoyed a cheese plate as well as the grilled octopus special.  Nicely prepared.  My wife ordered the scallops entree, which was phenomenal.  My rabbit ragu bolognese was nice but not mind blowing.  
SERVICE (4 stars) - Pleasant without being pretentious.  Knowledgeable and willing to give an honest recommendation.
ATMOSPHERE (5 stars) - Very romantic with incredible views of the city skyline at night.  High ceilings and decor are tastefully done.
PRICE/VALUE (4 stars) - This isn't a cheap date but, overall, I got what I paid for.  Probably a once-a-year visit.I hear the bar is a great place to hang out.  This review is not a reflection of that.  This review is for the food and my dining experience.  
The establishment is absolutely stunning.  I don't know what else to say about this place except "wow".  Beautiful, lovely and gorgeous.
We had reservations in the Wine Room and it was exactly that.  A room with walls made of wine bottles resting on racks sandwiched between sliding glass doors.  
The food I tasted was delicious.  Their lamb is probably the best I've ever had.  The "gamey" taste wasn't there and the sauce didn't overpower the flavor of the meat.
I had the foie gras appetizer special with pickled strawberries (you can pickle strawberries??!!!) and that was sooooo good.  
Their jumbo lump crab salad wasn't anything special.  I'd pass on this.
I've never tried Lemon Olive Oil cake before but now I can say I have.  It wasn't bad (I couldn't really taste the olive oil which is good....I guess...) but I'm not going to wake up in the middle of the night craving it.
Their peanut butter and chocolate beignet was divine.  It was like eating a battered and fried Reese's Peanut Butter cup!  There were three dipping sauces (chocolate, caramel and....some other one I didn't try).
The idea of a Nutella waffle made me drool in anticipation (sexy, I know) but in the end, it wasn't as good as I had thought it would be.  The waffle looked like they had added Nutella to the batter but sadly, it didn't send me to Nutella Carb nirvana.  So sad.
I had to send my first cocktail back.  It was their Ginger Gin Tea.  It tasted like cough syrup.  Yuck.
The second cocktail was a winner.  Blackberry Caipirinha.  It's so good, I'm going to try and make it at home.  
So the reason why I only gave 3 stars instead of the 4 I would've given.  Our waiter was terrible.  I don't know if the quality of service goes down once the obligatory large party gratuity of 20% is automatically added to our bill but that's what I'm thinking.  Our waiter was condescending, sleazy and I felt like he was some kind of slimy eel because he would wink at me every time I ordered something or asked him something. 
Not cute.  
Next time, I'm gonna just sit at the bar and nibble on food there.Came here for a wonderful afternoon tea for a bridal shower. We arrived 20 min late and it was no problem and they kept the large table next to the window open for us. 
1. Nice selection of teas, huge pots. 
2. Sandwhiches were really tasty, with a good variety. We asked them to swap out the shrimp one since most of were vegetarian, but they said they were premade and needed 24 hours notice. Found it odd that my food was premade-ew. And 24 hours? Really? You can't just give us a few more mini sandwhiches of something else? 
3. The server was a little MIA at times. There were two guests super late and she thought that we will start when they arrived so didn't greet us well when we arrived. Usually they ask if we want to wait or not right? Otherwise we was really helpful. 
4. Bathroom on the 18th floor, not 19th which was odd. 
5. The place wasn't as GLAM as I expected. Felt very hotel-restaraunty which it is..but heard amazing things about the venue. Will come again at night though for the view. Although, it's just high, not a view of anything cool. 
Really cute idea for a bridal/baby shower though or any other cute girly event! Fun to dress up!We went here for drinks and appys on a Sat night. We were able to find seating with ease and really enjoyed the drinks and the cheese plate that we had there. Service is good, the ambience is awesome and the prices are not that expensive considering its a rooftop inside the hyatt. Its on the nineteenth floor and the view of philadelphia is splendid! We couldnt sit in the outdoor balconies due to a private event but its a nice place to check out for pre-drinks.I hosted a 30th birthday dinner for my fiance on saturday in the private dining room.....and it was amazing. The staff was attentive, and totally on point.  I forgot the name of the gentleman that was the head of those taking care of us, but he was awesome. He gave me the wonderful suggestion of ending the evening off with a champagne toast!!! Boy did my guest love that!! Ok now to the food, it was absolutely amazing!!!  I had the seared striped bass with crawfish ragout and rainbow swiss chard, some people had the ribeye and others head seared scallops. I'm actually dreaming about the food...yikes! As a hostess, you know that the food is spectacular when a room goes silent because everyone is passionately devouring their meal lol, and thats exactly what happened! Everything tasted perfect, and my guests raved about the food (and some of them are a tough to please)!!!!!  My guests loved the Lychee kiss cocktail, I actually lost track everything they drank but all the drinks were really strong which was great because the price is not cheap. 
I love the fact that they offered us an extra entree choice, besides the three that I had selected for my guests. (They get bonus points for that) They also had a sound system that allows you to play music off your iPod, a cd or radio...(bonus points for that too!) The private dining room itself is beautiful, classy, chic, and not stuffy at all! 
If you ever want to throw a dinner party for your friends with great food, wonderful cocktails, champagne and wine...this is the place for you!I went during restaurant week and did not regret the choice. To start off with the atmosphere and the place in general is very elegant. It is a great date place, in fact my boyfriend and I had our first date there and I think the sophisticated decor, crisp white tables and dim lighting suited our purpose. The waiter was very amicable and ready to clarify anything on the menu as well as make suggestions as to what to order. 
To begin, I started off with the warm, wild mushroom salad. The mushrooms were flavorful and intelligently paired with a rich pesto, the smooth yet impactful taste of goat cheese, the robustness of the aged balsamic and the nice crunch from the sourdough crouton. 
For the second course, I had braised rib atop of gnocchi. The braised rib was tender and juicy and smothered in a rich either balsamic or port wine reduction sauce that was...no joke....to die for. I had to practically stop myself from licking the plate.  
For dessert I had a chocolate cake that was decadent and rich in flavor. The perfect ending to a perfect meal. 
Overall it was a very memorable date and not just because of my loving boyfriend but also the fabulous food. I highly recommend dining at XiX; however, I can only speak to these three dishes. My boyfriend had a not so satisfying experience with the seafood dishes. I believe he order sashimi as an appetizer and scallops for his entree, both of which he claimed were to salty and the latter undercooked. So seafood lovers beware, and go for the meat. You can never go wrong.went here for restaurant week w my boyfriend. i got the crab cake, steak, and toffee pudding. my bf had the same thing except for appetizers he chose the tomato heirloom salad. the appetizers and desserts were delicious!! the steak was just ok.... not something i would come back for. becuz of the way the room was, during my 2 hr dinner i heard the whole conversation from a man across the room, can u say annoying? for drinks i wanted the lychee kiss, but later was informed they ran out of lychee and i had to get something else. i turned to rubytini hoping it'll wow me... BLAHHHH, disgusting. a waste of $12This was my first time here! And I was truly blown away!!! First off my waiter Wilmer was great!!! Breathe taking view!!! I got the Lake Trout... Wasn't all that to be honest, potatoes very dry not much flavor, the trout was in a sour sauce but wasn't very tasty! But I will try again but get a different meal!Restaurant Week favorite. 
Center City Sips favorite.
Definitely worthwhile, just be prepared for the looming bill. Make sure to try the raw bar!I have wanted to try this restaurant for quite some time, and decided to bring my date to nice meal.
 Regardless that the layout was slightly confusing and hard to find the host/hostess, the decore was absolutely beautiful and the views were stunning.
 My date and I decided to split the artisian meat & cheese tasting. Sadly, the only thing memorable about this dish was the waitor telling us that he has had so many complaints about the one cheese since it was added to the menu (approximately a month ago). 
For the main course, I ordered the steak frites and my date ordered the paella. After waiting for quite some time, the waitor asked if we were ready for our entrees. When my steak was delivered by a food runner, it was cooked a little more than I had requested, but decided not to nit-pick. However, approximately ten minutes later, the waitor had returned to the table asking where my date's food was? 
The paella was never actualy made, and my date and I ended up splitting the overcooked steak. 
I was hoping to have fallen in love with this restaurant based on previous reviews. Sadly, I would much rather revisit other establishments than return to this.
After reviewing my bank account, I realized that the amount charged to my card was not the amount I authorized. Due to the poor service provided, only receiving one entree (when two were ordered), and my steak being over cooked, I left a tip that was slightly over ten percent (10%). Interestingly enough, this was disregarded and a twenty percent (20%) tip was added to the already overpriced bill. 
I called the restaurant the following Friday and left a voice message for the general manager (Adam, if I recall the name on the message correctly). I examined the situation and have yet to be contacted.Okay so I am a fan..  so coming again. This place is beautiful something to definitely go out on a date to.. Or just grab a cocktail and mingle.More than enjoyed dinner at #XIX last night. When you talk about quality, the  #Hyatt at the #Bellevue knows their stuff. The perfect mixture of #savory, #filling, #sophisticated, and #elegant, leave the kids at home because #Nineteen does not disappoint.  Follow me @WanderlustPhilly for more on the best go-to places in #Philadelphia.
Also,  I noticed a few people did not have a good experience with the service.  I would be remiss if I didn't mention that the hostess was extremely pleasant especially given that she is on the 12 day count until the birth of her 1st child and she was still working. She even took a moment to give my date and I a history lesson on the building and architecture.  
Our waiter, Dominic,  was the epitome of great service. He asked questions, made suggestions, and was extremely personable. It is unfortunate that so many other people encountered bad service here; I urge you to give them another try. 
 Bon Appetit!The food is okay at best. Service was good and ambiance was nice but not worth the price of the check. Maybe my expectations were high but I was fairly unimpressed with the food. If you care more about the looks of the place, this is a great place to impress, but if you're a foodie, skip this place.
The incredible view of the city is blocked by curtains and decor. If you're lucky enough to sit next to the window, you'll catch a glimpse. Otherwise- you might only see it on the way to your table, like I did. It was pretty though...I went here last night (Monday) with a couple of friends. We were told in advance that the main dining room would not be open. That did not seem to matter, as we were still able to get a spot to the windows to watch the sunset while we ate. We opted for a meat and cheese plate, which was delicious! They accommodated us when we requested a substitute and explained the options to us. Two of us got the Steak Frittes, which was delicious and prepared just as we had requested. And it came with the most delicious shoestring fries! Another friend got the chicken and seemed to enjoy it. For dessert, we split the cookie cake (ahhhhmazing) and the pineapple upside down cake (very yummy). The service was great and our waitress was very sweet, taking a nice picture of us afterwards. This would be a great place for either dinner, or just to grab a quiet drink and take in a a beautiful view.This is an absolutely beautiful restaurant with excellent views. It has a very romantic feel to it and also has large separate bar area if you want to just have drinks. The service is OK, we had to wait several minutes for the hostess which is always awkward. Our waiter was attentive but a little odd. We had the lobster risotto to start and it was amazing. However, the entrees were just OK, we had the steak frites and lake trout).A stunning dining room setting with great service and view. It's more formal/fine dining so would be a great place for an anniversary, birthday, proposal etc. We had the Saturday lunch special which included buffet style appetizers and desserts with an al a carte entree all for under $25. All of the food was great and an overall positive experience. The only problem is the restroom is one floor down and the lifts are shockingly slow but Otherwise a fantastic spot.Oh hell yes!! Dwayne and Tanya were cooking tonight and boy did they bring it!! I am a spoiled Bay Area diner, and have learned to have an eye for something wonderful. Sometimes I am wrong . The cuisine here is innovative and gutsy, the flavors challenge you. Wonderful service. Please don't go so I can always get a table !!beautiful venue in terms of architecture and the interior. wonderful date place for dinner. cute place for tea and lite fare with the ladies. the food was delicious but the prices were high. definitely the type of place to dress fancy and eat properly. My seafood dish was a bit too salty but still good. I went for a late lunch on a weekday and only 1 other table was being served. The service was pretty slow but it didn't appear that there were many staff on duty, which made sense since there weren't many customers. I am curious about what it's like for happy hour or just cocktails.Made reservations and took my girlfriend here for dinner. It was a little difficult finding the restaurant within the hotel but we eventually got there. There was really no one to greet us at the door, we kind of stood around for a minute trying to figure out who the hostess was. Eventually I had to grab a waitress and ask to be seated. Not a very welcoming entrance. After we were seated it was nice though. The waiter was polite and on point with his service. The food was good, albeit over priced, and the atmosphere was great. I probably won't go again but it's a definite "one-time experience" kind of place.Wow. We've been here 2x and will be back. It's like stepping off the elevator into another world. Food is creative and beautifully presented, service is top knotch and the interior of the north dining room is really slick. Great wet bar.I really do love the ambiance at Nineteen. It makes me feel all tingly and sophisticated and it's not stuffy or filled with loud obnoxious rich people. Don't get me wrong, this place is classy and pricey but it's a nice treat and an excellent alternative to the usual happy hour spots. I've never been here for dinner but I imagine the service and food are decent. The specials during happy hour are OK... $6 for specialty cocktails but no food specials :-(
Check it out if you're feeling like going somewhere nice after work.I don't claim to be a fancy-pants.  but think i can now that i've gone to XIX.  so, please, when you address me from now on, call me Fancy-Pants.  i'll explain...
i went to XIX for happy hour one evening with two of my favorite girls.  i got some herby cocktail at half price.  it was DELICIOUS.  and most importantly, it was served with care......and maybe even in a golden goblet...i can't remember.    you know, i didn't look rich, YET i was treated as if i was by the host and the waiter.  maybe i'm easily charmed by well-paid-service that i mistake for chivalry.....actually, i probably am.  but thank you for indulging me and making me feel rich for one happy, glorious hour.
a round of 4 stars...on Fancy Pants!OUTSTANDING service. We were running a little late trying to find parking due to the festival on the same block, and I called to let them know we were trying to hurry. They were completely fine with it, which was a warming feeling. As we entered into the amazing very high ceiling walkway, we were immediately treated like royalty with courteous and generous people. Coming from a small town, it was definitely a step up for us. We loved every bit of it and the entire staff was on point with service. We chose the balcony table which was truly amazing during the sunset.
I ordered a simple beer and they brought it out to us like it was the fanciest beer ever made. For bread and butter they gave us 3 different choices. I didn't realize it was all for us!
When the food came out, they really put their skills to work, making it look so appetizing. Our mouths were literally watering ready to dig in... Properly of course because of how elegant the whole setup was.
Overall definitely coming back for more. Everyone was amazing and so nice, a MUST GO if you're in the city.Okay so I am a fan..  so coming again. This place is beautiful something to definitely go out on a date to.. Or just grab a cocktail and mingle.Have had a better meal in Philadelphia. The restaurant is gorgeous and is my absolute favorite for Center City Sips.
The drinks are very good here, better than the food. The bar food here such as the sliders are better than a more "gourmet" choice"
I do have to say that this place had the BEST Mother's Day Brunch I have ever been to. Good raw bar!If you want to get THE BEST lunch special in the city, this place is it, folks. It's a well hidden secret and your wallet and stomach will thank you for it. Superb food, exquisite setting, 3 courses, and top notch service with a spectacular view of Philly for only $22/person?! Now we're talking. I've taken 3 separate people to XIX's cafe lunch and every single person I've brought were simply impressed--and delightfully stuffed--at the end of the meal. First course is an amalgamation of appetizers including cheese, pastas, and salads. You can take as much as you'd like since it's on the center table. Second course allows you to choose from any of their entrees--which include their flat iron steak, the execution of which is flawless and heftily sized. For the third course they have quite an extensive collection of desserts including cakes, creme brulees, cookies, cream puffs, and fruit tarts--and it's an all you can eat! I mean, most people aren't expecting to have a quality meal in a fancy setting for only $22--if you ask me, this place is a bargain for the amount of food that they give you. If you went to Capital Grille, the steak alone would cost you more than this whole 3 course meal! On top of all this, you get a free drink to choose from including sodas, tea, or coffee and the bread that starts off the meal is terribly delicious to boot! I can't quite speak for dinner options but for lunch this is the jam. You'll feel like you're someone royal in their stately dinner room but won't feel guilty like a pauper paying for it.This was our second time bring friends from town to 19 and we have been disappointed.  Not because the drinks or food was bad, but because we waited to long for a server so we left. On both occasions they were not busy.  A host brought menus but we wait at least 20 minutes before the four of us left.  Again, this was the second time this happened. We were a little embarrassed that we took our out of town guests there and even more immbarrased that it happened to us twice.  I hope they get things straightened out.  Its a great venue but the attention to detail seemed to be diminishing.This is the place to go for a great view of the city and good drinks.  I love the Lychee Kiss martini, which also happens to be one of the happy hor specials; it's a must-try.  The Appletini is also great, if quite potent.  They also have sliders, which are decent and will tide over a starving stomach (try the BBQ).  But seriously, you come here mostly for the ambiance which is unsurpassed, save for maybe at the Pyramid Club.  A great place to go after a long day at work to relax, enjoy the view, and catch up with friends over drinks.Gorgeous setting, service was excellent, as well as the food.  We are happy to call XIX one of our favorites. 
We came here for my birthday this year, and it did not disappoint! Everyone we spoke with was super friendly and each dish was delicious!The only reason this place gets 4 stars instead of 5 is because it's CRAZY expensive.  But, as far as food, wine, ambiance and VIEW... love it!  I had grilled shrimp in garlic butter sauce, started off with crabcake and mushroom risotto...and every bite was delicious.  
We sat outside on their small balcony and overlooked the skyscrapers in downtown Philly. Beautiful :)  We enjoyed 2 bottles of white wine (which is not influencing my review) and the waiter was very friendly and attentive.  
The vibe is very hoity toity, definitely a classy spot for a date nightI went to XIX Nineteen for restaurant week with a couple of friends. It was a great occasion to get dressed up and the food was delicious but the service threw us off. When we were giving the waiter our order, the waiter told me not to order what I was going to order and told me to order something else instead. When I asked for the Paella without the Chorizo (I don't eat pork), he said it would cost me $10 extra. I understand that he was trying to make a joke but it didn't come across too well. 
I eventually went with the Crab and Spinach Crostini to start with, the Paella for the main course and the Flourless Chocolate Cake for dessert. The food was very high quality. However, the service between each meal was extremely slow and our meal took a total of 2.5 hours! The place wasn't even crowded enough to warrant that kind of slow service. 
The place is beautiful and the view is stunning.We went outside on the balcony to take pictures which was also really nice.I have been been going here for years. Celebrated many birthday parties. One of the best places in Philly, beautiful view & great food.. (Angel and Lamar are great).This was one of the best lunches I've ever had! XIX is the perfect place for a special occasion, and I brought my family here after my graduation from graduate school. 
I had already looked up the menu before I came, so I knew I was going to order the 3-course lunch. At $22, it's pricier than the average lunch, but the quality and amount of food you get with the prix-fixe is amazing. The first course is a selection of salads, meats, and cheeses. I thought that meant you pick from a list of what you would want, but instead, you serve yourself from a whole buffet of charcuterie, cheese, and probably 10 different types of salads. I filled my plate with cheese and a little of each of the salads, and I was so impressed by everything I tried. The cheese was great, and the salads had amazing flavors. My favorite was the asian noodle salad, but the lentil and caesar salads were also very good. I liked everything and was already pretty full after the first course. I chose the salmon as my entree. It was a good-sized portion served with a black bean puree that was delicious. The fish was cooked and seasoned perfectly, and even though I was already pretty full, I ate every last bite because it was so good. And then came dessert. It was also buffet-style, and although I was already very full, I had to try a few of the desserts. They had delicious and perfectly-ripe mixed berries -- raspberries, blueberries, strawberries, and I think gooseberries (it was the first time I had them). There were also mini key lime pies, fresh-baked cookies, chocolate mousse bars, cannolis, and the list goes on. My favorites were the oh-so-good berries, key lime pie, and chocolate mousse bars. The cannolis were a miss. They were flavored with cinnamon (which I don't like) and otherwise were pretty bland, but all of the other desserts were delicious. My family members also ordered off the prix-fixe menu, and they were equally impressed with their meals. They ordered the steak, pasta, and fish dishes, and they all felt the same way about how amazing their lunches were.
The ambiance adds to the excellence of this restaurant. The dining room has an upscale feel to it. There is a pearl chandelier hanging from the ceiling, and all of the other decorations are very chic. It's the kind of place I would recommend dressing up for. And again, I cannot recommend this place enough for celebrating a special occasion!I came with a group of nineteen (totally not planned) for Restaurant Week dinner last week. Overall impression--good food, great service, really beautiful and classy ambience. 3.5 stars!
I love mussels (and pretty much any shellfish), so I ordered that to start. The white wine sauce wasn't my favorite and it was pretty bland, but I appreciated the generous portion size! The mussels were also cooked really well. Just wish there was a little more seasoning and flavor. I got the flat iron steak for my main course which was cooked perfectly (I asked for medium rare--it's the only way to go IMO!). This came with grilled carrots (pretty good), potatoes and caramelized onions (very savory and yummy, albeit a little greasy and heavy). The dessert trio consisted of a strawberry pistachio cake, chocolate banana truffle and fruit tart. All three were good but nothing too special. 
XIX is one of those restaurants that I would return to only for the breathtaking views and atmosphere. You definitely feel special here. The food isn't bad but I don't think I'd be missing out on too much if I never came back again.We stayed at the Bellevue for 4 nights and ate at nineteen twice. The first time we had the "fancy" dinner, consisting of steak, grilled chicken breast, salmon, and amazing appetizers. The second night we had the normal dinner, and both times it was fantastic. I would definitely go back. It is pretty expensive, but it was a great meal.Best dirty martini and octopus salad in town!I expected this place to be overrated but it was actually very good! The restaurant and lounge are very sleek and well designed. The vibe is very trendy and cool. The view is also spectacular. The food also didn't disappoint. We got oysters as an appetizer and I got the trout as my main and both were great! I definitely would come back here and i think it's a great place for a romantic night outDisgusting! Filthy! Vile! STAY AWAY.  I have lived across the street from this bar for several years.  While I have never had a complaint about the food, insects, shady waiters, and uncleaned facilities are the norm for this place.  But last night takes the cake.  After a year of staying away after an a huge beetle walked across my food without so much as an apology from the waitress, I decided to give this place a second chance.  Lo and behold, my drink has A CHEWED PIECE OF CHEWING GUM IN ITS WRAPPER AT THE BOTTOM OF MY DRINK.  No apology, not even a discount.  The waitress said "sorry, here' another." DON'T BE DECEIVED BY APPEARANCES.  This place may look sophisticated, but is anything but.  That said, if you have no sense of personal hygiene and don't mind people who don't care, I recommend the flatbread.I really wanted to give this place 3.5 but I will give this place the benefit of the doubt.  The food is not all that spectacular but something about tha waspy atmosphere does it for me sometimes.  High ceilings, chandeliers, the lounge area, the gimlets I had.  
Service was a 4, food was a 3.5 ambience 5, price was 4
ps..good romantic place to goForgotten gem. Really good spot for brunch or lunch. Nice quiet atmosphere. Good selection of salads, healthy portion and the desserts are to die for!  The whipped cream is outstanding!  The bathroom is downstairs which is a bit out of the way. Getting to the restaurant through hotel is a little cumbersome if you dont know which elevators to use. Parking elevators are a. It confusing as well. Slightly annoying when you can hear the table directly across from you clear as day.I took my mom on Sat for early Mother's Day dinner. Our waiter was exceptional so sorry I forget his name but he had the right amount of tease with professionalism he recommended superb choices & gave us comp Champage took our pix for us. I had the braised ribs so tender & favorable my mom had the salmon app were calamari & crab cake perfect mom day dinnerBeautiful interior with a great bar. The food was good but not quite worth the price. Brunch is a better value than dinner.Amazing service - our waiter was actually the sweetest and most attentive waiter I have ever had.  It was my boyfriend's and my anniversary and the waiter made this night even more special.  He even gave us a photoshoot after dinner all around the restaurant.
ABSOLUTELY GORGEOUS ATMOSPHERE.  Just look at those pearls dangling!  Not many places in Philly can compare.
Food: delicious! We got the scallops, asparagus and cheese appetizer, and cheesecake.
PS the brunch there is fabulous!  You get to walk around all the high domed rooms to each different station.  Plus, that humongous dessert bar ;)XIX had been on my short list of "special occasion" restaurants to try for some time.  I made it the venue for a Saturday night birthday dinner with my husband, and had a truly wonderful evening.
     I'll start with a brief summary, and flesh out the details below.  XIX provided a beautiful, outdoor setting with a view of the south and east Philly skylines elevated above all bus fumes and street noise.  The cocktail and wine list was brief, but appealing.  All of our food was excellent.  The service was good, but a little disjointed, and the restaurant had a touch of that awkward je ne sais quoi that comes with almost all hotel eateries.  However, I would happily return.
Atmosphere:
     Upon arrival, there were no tables available on the main patio, which was frustrating since we had made a request with our reservation a week prior.  It turned out to be a happy accident, as we were seated on the lounge patio with only one other couple.  The view was our reason for being there, and it did not disappoint.  That being said, some music and candles would have been nice.
Drinks:
     I started with a delightful limoncello cocktail, while my husband went with the gin tea that a previous reviewer had likened to cough medicine.  I agree with the previous reviewer, but husband seemed happy about it.  We moved on to wine, of which there was a "by the glass" selection of many red and white varietals.  The bottle list had some fine choices, but was almost exclusively high-end and high-priced.
Food:
     Husband started with the Caesar salad and enjoyed the delicious but very standard (read - boring) execution of the dish.  I had the avocado soup with crab, roasted corn, tomatoes and mango.  It was non-standard in a wonderful way, and presented entertainingly with the soup being poured tableside over the other ingredients that had been artfully arranged in the bowl.  
     For my entree, I had the beef tenderloin in a red wine reduction with new potatoes and marrow cubes, prepared perfectly medium rare.  It was a sublime steak with an herb coating that would have been too salty had it not been so perfectly balanced by the sweet tang of the reduction.  My plate was CLEAN when the waiter took it away.  My husband enjoyed his steak frites, which were accompanied by a yummy tarragon aioli that I would not have expected with that dish.  The steak was cooked as requested and the frites were many levels above your average fry.
     Since we couldn't decide on a dessert to share, we just had to order two. The deconstructed S'more with salted caramel ice cream was the favorite - fun presentation, chocolate ganache sculpture, flambeed hazelnut marshmallows!  So good.  The grilled peaches with lavender ice cream were fine, but kind of paled by comparison.
Miscellaneous imperfections:
     A lack of clear signage made it a little confusing to determine which elevator we were supposed to take to get to the restaurant.  The service was fine, but it was a little disjointed.  Four different people had been by our table throughout the evening, but then there would be these long stretches of time that we needed something, but saw no one.  Our waiter noticed I was playing music from Pandora on my phone, but did not ask if we would like to have proper music on (there were speakers out there).  I was surprised that there were no specials or additions to the dinner menu on a Saturday night.  None of these issues were deal breakers, but they combined to prevent XIX from receiving 5 stars.Had my US wedding reception here...and listen to me dammit:  If you're looking to have an event in Philly that you & your guests will never forget, XIX is your place. Trust me on this one.
This place is ridiculously amazing in every way.  My reception was perfect and I couldn't have been happier w/ the way it turned out.  Here's why:
+ CATERING MANAGER:  Should you decide to have your event at XIX, Lindsey K. is your girl.  Let's just put it this way.  Lindsey is my new BFF.  Not only did she go above-and-beyond for every stinkin' detail of my event, she is the sweetest, most personable, and hilarious person you will ever meet.  She has this way of making you feel like you are her one and only client - when she is actually juggling a million of you.
+ DECOR:  There are only two words to describe the look of this place.  Classy & Elegant.  The furniture, the color palette, the gorgeous patios, the raw bar in the center of the circular shaped room, etc.  All sheer perfection.  
+ SERVICE:  The service is stellar.  My guests all commented on the fact that the servers were so attentive and that not a moment went by where their wine glasses weren't topped off (which explains their drunken stupor later on that evening & the debauchery that followed it, but that's another story).  
+ FOOD:  Delish.  From the hors d'oeuvres during cocktail hour to the salad, appetizer, entree, and wedding cake during the reception...my guests would not stop talking about the food and all of it's deliciousness.  Chef, ya kinda know what you're doing back there!
Thank you, XIX & staff, for making my wedding night so memorable and beautiful.  Sniffle.Went there Sat night, wasn't able to get into homegrown Yelp party, but was probably full.So my 2 friend's have ventured there before.We set out, Parking alone was Hell!! Weather was nice, so everyone & their grandmother was out.Finally after 20-25 min found spot, still had to wait for others find parking. We all went in, nice , for cocktail's & maybe snacks. Not for dinner or anything crazy, it is at the Bellvue on Broad. What do you expect, high crust, but nicer more laid back lounge , to sit * chat, not to crazy like the other bar scenes. But nice change to just go out.Not one to keep going, little on pricier side, got Blueberry gimlet, nice but most drinks start at $12.00Had lunch here yesterday. Have been here several times before. Service was very good. Was seated by one of the the balconies. Flatbread pizza was very good. Deserts were a little disappointing. Creme brle not done correctly. Overall, good value for the money, though.For the record, I'm not a big tea person. When my girlfriend asked me if I wanted to do afternoon tea, I had no idea what she really meant. But I'm all for new experiences, so she made reservations for us for some 2 o'clock afternoon tea!
XIX is located on the nineteenth floor (of course) of the Bellevue Hotel. You get to choose one tea, and are given a prefixed menu of small bites and pastries. You can add a glass of champagne or cocktails for an additional price, but the standard set comes with a lot already. 
Our server was very friendly and informative.  He brought out a small box with each available tea for us to take in the scent of each one, to help us decide which one to choose. He was also helpful in offering recommendations for which tea to select. I chose the mango oolong tea, which was delicious. 
We were then brought a 3-tiered dish set with all the food on them. My favorites were the Mozzarella (this was almost like a caprese salad, but on a lavash) and smoked salmon.  All of the items are prepared beforehand. On one hand, you get your food fast. However I can't help but wonder what some of the items would taste like fresh (specifically the duck and cream puffs).
Despite these complaints, I had a wonderful time...doing afternoon tea. Most of the food I enjoyed. The restaurant itself had a very upscale, regal vibe, with a great view of downtown Philadelphia.I once had a conversation with a friend that went along the lines of the following:  Me:  Wow that woman over there is stunningly beautiful, Friend: Yes she is, but know this, somewhere in the world, someone is absolutely sick of her B.S.
This conversation basically sums up my feelings and experiences of this restaurant.  I actually went to great lengths to complain to the management about how bad of an experience my party had at this place.  I was sent a nice gift certificate for the entire cost of the meal etc.  Here's the kicker...I still haven't used it.  What does that tell you? Enjoy the view, enjoy a drink which is hard to screw up,...other than that don't bother.Beautiful room and views. Service a bit intrusive . Unimaginative menu. Ribeye fatty and not fit for a dog.Sat outside on the balcony with a beautiful view of Philadelphia for a late dinner. Got the flat bread pizza as a starter. Enjoyed the sweet tomato sauce and was glad the goat cheese was not overpowering. Decided on the diver scallops for my entree. I forgot the name of the name of the sauce I chose, but it was buttery with a hint of wine. Definitely pleased with my choice. An ideal place for a dinner date or a late night drink.Amazing Brunch & Staff! I would definitely recommend XIX. The food was great and the staff very helpful and on cue!This place is very beautiful and quite romantic. The bar is separated from the dining area and its quite nice because it is not too loud. I love the outside balcony, the view is beautiful. I love sipping my cup of cappuccino, eating my dessert and relaxing.We went to XIX on the last night of our wedding weekend in Philly. If there was a way to give a higher rating than 5 stars I would surely do so. After a little snafu with the reservation, we were treated like royalty by the Manager, Joy. She gave us the best table in the entire restaurant, and served us herself, only after taking us out onto the outside balcony to take some photos of us with the beautiful backdrop of the city. We ate from the fixed 5 course menu. The food was incredible from beginning to end, and we will absolutely go back! Joy made a very smart, kind and caring decision to turn what would have been a very disappointing night, and very very poor review, into a very happy and memorable night that will result in our telling everyone to go to XIX, and made lifers of us as their customers. Thank you again!!Great food & excellent service!!! I would definitely recommend this restaurant totally worth it!Excellent view and gorgeous interior. The food and service are impeccable. Great experience overallOne of Philadelphia's more scenic and sophisticated bars. The view from the lounge at XIX alone makes the trip worth it. The 19th floor is very elegant albeit a little stuffy. Somewhat dated furniture and large framed paintings. When I visited, my SO and I were startled by a raucous wedding reception until we were directed to the main bar by a staff member. Our hostess was quick with a bowl of wasabi peas and brought our drinks promptly as well. I enjoyed the rubytini and its accompanying grapefruit slice, but I liked the spiced apple much more. It manages to be the perfect autumn cocktail without tasting like a liquefied Yankee Candle. I had some bites of calamari served with a nice pimiento mix. The turtle cheesecake was tasty also. Cocktails were about $12 so I'd rather come here for happy hour. Very attractive venue.GO FOR LUNCH.
$22 gets you unlimited salad bar, which by itself is amazing- cheeses, meats, several types of delicious salads, unlimited dessert-fruit, cakes, cookies, everything. AND an entree. We packed up half our entrees!
Same great view, same good service, great deal.Atmosphere - Unique round room on the 19th floor. They get a point for this.
Service - After all the hype of XIX, we (me and a group of friends) decided to try out the brunch menu. We made 1:15 reservations because we were told 1:30 was not available. Admittedly, the first to arrive was 5 minutes late but when we asked for our table, we didn't sit down until 1:50. I'm assuming even if we got there on time, there wasn't a table for us.
Then there was the table itself. As everyone else sat with a window view of the Philly skyline, we walked past a few empty tables for four and were stuck with one of the few tables that stared at the wall. I thought half the appeal of XIX was for the view. Also, the oval table shape that we sat at made eating awkward. It also happens that we sat at one of the few tables that had these tables. 
The server himself was fine. He did a great job until the check which took quite a while to get to us and one of us had to run out of the restaurant to catch her meter. 
Food - We got a little bit of everything: the flatbread, the pasta, the steak and the fish of the day. My favorite was the steak. It was cooked well with great flavor. The other dishes were also solid but nothing blew me away.
Drinks - Didn't drink
Overall - Average service, average food. The wait for the table despite reservations AND telling us we couldn't have the later time we originally wanted, all huge negatives.
Points for: Nothing
No points: Horrible service for what they try and sell you on.Sooooo here is a breakdown on the night.....
Location: I have to admit, it is a great location with amazing views, there is outdoor seating (which we didn't get) and the inside decor is pretty swanky.
Service: The service was really amazing, we were always attended and everyone was really friendly. The staff had answers to all of our questions...very knowledgeable, but the food coming out was really slooooooooow. 
Food: So here is where it gets weird...we got the mussels for an app, and they were so amazing that I got them again for my meal (and you get so many, literally amazing dish, probably the best I have had in years). My husband got the burger and he said it was horrible, he would have had a Ruby Tuesday burger, so he was disappointed to say the least. 
Drinks: The specialty drinks are...well how do I say this...amazing! They are original and all just taste great! The standard drinks are also really great and had a good pour on them. 
I think all and all, that the food is so/so and what you are really paying for is the location and the hope that you can get an outdoor seat.If I could give a zero star I would! Went to get a drink with some friends at the bar; the place was busy and understaffed. Ordered 4 cocktails which were fine; told the waitress to run my card. As we were about to leave, asked to close my tab and took them 45 minutes to find my card. Finally the manager just barely apologized. The customer service is just horrible. They do not take care of their customers. It's a beautiful place to see but pls don't spend your money here.We made reservations for Sunday brunch early in the week. The only available time was a 10:30 am seating. No problem! When we turned up for our seating we were shown to a table. THEN we were told there was no ala carte menu available AND we had only 20 minutes to eat from the dregs of the breakfast buffet. Seriously? Someone (manager?) came over to explain that despite the Open Table reservation, the restaurant couldn't honor it because they end breakfast at 11 and re-open at 11:30 for brunch. He was quick to say the restaurant left a voice mail message...the day before, explaining all of this. REALLY? Less than 24 hours notice! Why take the reservation in the first place? Why even bother seating us at 10:35 if you close at 11? Clearly this is a recurring issue given the quick, terse (and defensive) explanation. If this is typical for XIX, the service has taken a major dive since our last visit. Luckily we were able to get a noon reservation for Urban Farmer on the Ben Franklin Parkway where we had a lovely brunch with professional service.
Show lessThe view is really great. Unfortunately, the balcony is closed during fall and winter so if you're going anytime during those months, don't expect to be outside. The service was fine. Everyone was super nice and we even got the chance to meet one of the chefs. I got the lobster club sandwich and a Lychee Kiss cocktail. The sandwich was pretty good, and the drink was also. The lychee kiss is really sweet and puts you in the mindset of drinking a grown up Shirley Temple (without seltzer). I also tried the Steak Frites that my friend had ordered. It was pretty good. Both of our meals came with a side of French fries, which is something that I did not expect from an upscale restaurant. Overall, the food was just average and menu has limited options. This will be a great place for brunch but definitely not dinner.
P.S: The prices are not that bad as others may make it seem. 2 cocktails, and 2 meals came to $76. I typically pay about $60 for myself at any upscale restaurant so I was shocked to see how cheap dinner for 2 was. One more thing. Make sure you take note of the elevator(s) you use to get to the 19th floor. Not all elevators take you back down to the lobby.The food was ok here, but mostly what we went for is to see the dining area and the fantastic view! It was like stepping into the past, with such grand structure and high ceilings. Despite this, it seemed perfectly intimate for my date and I! The scalop dish I ordered was a little strange, as they chose to put a raisin sauce over it. We thoughoughly enjoyed ourselves though!This review is ONLY for the $20 Prix Fixe Cafe Lunch. I have only had a couple of drinks at XIX and never eaten dinner here.
I have been XIX for lunch twice since I discovered the Prix Fixe Cafe Lunch option on their website. I had been there for drinks before, so I knew that it was quite a handsome place, and I'm glad I gave it a try. The atmosphere here is classy and peaceful-- I feel like I'm waiting for Betty Draper to walk by at any moment! My mom and sister were very impressed when we went out for a birthday lunch in the spring, so I returned with a couple of friends from out of town last week with the same outcome. 
Though I think that it would be hard not to enjoy lunch at a place like XIX simply because it is so beautiful, I'm sure it's possible. However, they set the bar as high for food-- even lunch-- as for decor.
For the first course, in addition to fresh, hot rolls on each table, several delicious (and some non-traditional) cold pasta, salad, vegetable, cheese and cold meat options are beautifully laid out on half of a huge, round table in the center of the dining room. Honestly, I would be happy enough if that was ALL there was to lunch here! 
The second course options my party chose most recently were the steak, mahi-mahi, and pasta with chicken. The steak was cooked a little more than medium, but was still great, as were both of the other dishes-- flavorful yet simple; large enough to share, but small enough to save room for the third course. A panini and pizza were also offered as second-course options.
For the third course, the other half of the cafe table is laid out with a mini-dessert spread that rivals most wedding receptions I've attended. Mini blackberry pies, rich chocolate mousse, and fresh berries with homemade whipped cream and ladyfingers are just a couple of my personal favorites from this course, and are a perfect ending to a fabulous meal. This is now my number one go-to place when I want to impress a guest with a wonderful lunch. And at only $20? My vote for best leisurely lunch spot in the city.My boss took us up here for celebratory cocktails the other day, and I felt very posh to say the least. We sat out on the terrace, which has this very old-money feel to it; I suddenly had the urge to have a tiny dog on my lap =P They have great happy hour deals: $6 cocktails, half price glasses of wine and beer, and they give you a bowl of wasabi peas to snack on. And they are not messin around with their cocktails. She had the Pineapple Mint Julip, and I had the Peach Martini, both delicious, and made for quit a buzzed walk home. 
I noticed they have a prix fixe deal on every 3rd Thursday, $55 for 3 courses w/ wine pairing. Looked promising and I'll def have to come back to try their food.As Yogi Berra one said " nobody goes here anymore but I can never get in" mostly tourist staying at the hotel but the food and service are outstanding. It also has amazing views and the most romantic bar in the city. It's a great night out. Philadelphians should discover this gem.Firstly it is a historic room but the view being gorgeous is highly exaggerated as it basically overlooks other apartment buildings and also for some tables with a more open view, there are curtains in the way, only 3 tables (for 2) have an open view, additionally there are tables "so to speak" in front of the window but basically at the edge of the restaurant at the entrance and/or in front of the elevators.
We had to wait at least 15 min to be seated despite a reservation. The food is average, nothing special but again the architecture of the room is historical and may be worth to go there for some people...........3.5*
I went for the 22 dollar cafe lunch. This was my first time at Nineteen. I've heard about the great view and ambiance (which is what I mostly went for :P), but personally found that just okay. We got a seat right by the window (requested on a previous reservation I canceled, but they remembered!) although it was all buildings. May have been nicer at night. I think the view from Lacroix is better since I like the greenery, but I think it's a personal preference.
However, I did think it was great value, and I will definitely go back. Service was slightly impersonal (I guess since you are paying just $22), but still great! 
You get
-a drink (they offered lemonade or peach tea), 
-selection of meats, cheese, salad (center table)
-an entree (I had the fish of the day - it was good - fresh and not too salty),
-desert display (center table desert spread with an assortment of food).
The food was okay and it was a very comfortable meal.
Also: changed reservation from  2 to 3 people. They just added another chair to a 2 person table :S However, I did only call them about an hour before to change the reservation. Still, was a bit surprised.Had a 5:30 reservation on a Saturday night for dinner before the orchestra.  I walked in and the dining area and its view were breathtaking.  We were escorted to our seats and our server took our drink order. 
From the reviews I read here, a lot of people come just for the bar.  I came with high expectations for the bartender and was disappointed.  My Blue Coat Martini (up with olives) was sub-par tasting with chunks of ice floating in it.  My wife wasn't impressed with her fruity cocktail either.  
The menu didn't have anything special on it and the food was fine.  Fine as in it met minimum expectations, despite the distinctly higher-than-minimum price.  I had the NY strip steak and my wife had fish and chips.  I had a 'meh' blueberry cobbler and my wife had an okay chocolate something and that was it. 
I will say that the service was better than I'd read from reviews here on Yelp.  A manager was circulating to see how things were and I told him that I'd left my orchestra tickets at home.  He gave me access to a business center to quickly print out the tickets and we made it to the show on time.  
We were looking for something special, but this wasn't the place.  Both Vetri and Bibou had a 3-week wait for reservations when I planned this spur-of -the-moment outing.  I'll plan ahead next time and avoid XIX's cookie-cutter menu dressed up with hype.This is a review about their afternoon tea.  At $30/head, it's cheaper than many other Philadelphia venues and it's a great view and room for afternoon tea too -- very high ceilings, open airy feeling, etc.  They were accommodating to our vegetarian friends in giving them a separate plate of vegetarian tea sandwiches with a hummus spread and so on.  You do need to make reservations in advance.
The teaware/chinaware is a somewhat plain porcelain here, vs some afternoon tea places have very ornately-designed teacups and so on.  The waiter recommended the Mad Hatter and Bellevue teas, which most of us ordered and really liked.  Each of us got our own separate tea pot and one 3-tiered set of pastries and tea sandwiches per about four ladies.  The tea sandwiches were really good; I especially liked the crab salad and egg salad ones.  I thought the scones were a little on the dry side but there was some lemon curd sauce on the side with the scones.  The macaroons, fruit tarts, and opera cakes (rectangular shaped cake with layers) were especially tasty.  By far the least popular amongst all of us, for some reason, were the madeline cookies.  If you took a cursory look at the remaining food on the tiers, almost all the madeline cookies were left untouched.  My one gripe is that the service we had really wasn't that attentive.  We had four tables of ladies and the waiter brought a small pitcher of milk/cream to three of the tables then didn't make any effort to get a fourth one for our last table until we asked.  After he had served the tea and the tiers of food, we maybe saw him once more until we asked for the check.
The restrooms are on a separate floor altogether, which is a little odd/inconvenient, but thankfully there's an elevator near the bar elevator that you can take right down to the restrooms.
Bottom line: Great view and location, and a nice place for afternoon tea but some small improvements would have changed my experience from "nice" to "fabulous."Nice place, nice food, great ambiance. However, the center of one of the rooms has a crazy echo effect that makes the room loud and let's you eavesdrop on tables across the room from you. 
I would've given this place 5 stars if it weren't for their service. They need to train their servers to be up to par with their restaurant. Our server came and took our order,  came back 5 minutes later and asked us to repeat our order because apparently she forgot. Still, 30 minutes later THREE of 6 orders were incorrect, and only took ONE back to fix, with NO APOLOGY. Umm, absolutely unheard of in a regular restaurant, so even more ridiculous this is happening at this price level.Wonderful for Brunch! I can't speak of other venues that go down at this somewhat lavish crib, hehe, but all in all a surprisingly sophisticated /"fancy shmancy" way of spending only $20 on Sunday brunch!  While there wasn't too much of a selection on the menu, their open buffet of assorted cheeses, meats, pasta, desserts & more made up for it!  All I'm sayin is, come hungry!
Bon apetite!Your on the nineteenth floor of the Hyaat. I'll stay here again just taking the elevator up to the bar it beats the subway!
Nice bar great bartender people from all over talking business.
It was happy hour I got a local beer and a Rose Cello it's limoncello, lemon juice raspberry syrup and champagne.
Limoncello is an Italian lemon liquer from southern Italy good drink.
Comen back for happy hour and more cocktails!Staff is always  friendly and engaging.  The main dining room is enchanting.  The menu changes but the crab cake Benedict was tasty. No filling just fresh lump crab meat.  Sunday's brunch is my favorite.Came here to celebrate a friend's birthday with a party of four. We really enjoyed the food, the beautiful restaurant, and the friendly service. The portions are on the smaller side - luckily no one from my group was particularly hungry that night! Also they have a great dessert menu, which was perfect to help us celebrate the birthday.
There was a couple that came up in the middle of our dinner to try to take wedding photos on the balcony of the restaurant (attesting to how beautiful the place is!), which would disrupt the dining experience of the restaurant patrons. There was some back and forth between the frustrated bride and the restaurant management, but I think the restaurant dealt with the situation quite well.I made a reservation for my birthday and used their private dining room. The room was very nice and intimate with the option to close the doors and play music from your phone so I was very pleased with that part of my night. However, I was disappointed with the service. Not only was I reminded once about the minimum spend of $500 but three times in 10 minutes as if they thought the people I was with weren't able to afford it. It was 8 of us so we spent more than double the minimum. The waiter was not very friendly. I don't know if he was having a bad day or not but I did not feel very special on my special day. My guests were rushed to order off of the whole menu. Around 10:08 we started to order and he claimed that he would need our whole order now instead of just appetizers because the kitchen was about to close. I asked what time the kitchen closes and he said 11. Based off of my experience at other restaurants I've dined in we had more than enough time to order food prior to 11, at least a quarter of. So that really bothered me The he wouldn't put our food order in unless he had the whole app and entree ordered. Food was not hot except the crab macaroni that I ordered. I was also surprised that they were aware of my birthday and I didn't even get a cute little dessert. I have been to many Steven Starr restaurants whether an anniversary or birthday and they did something for me. The reservation I made had the note of it being my birthday and I was offered nothing. I decided well I would pay for a dessert myself so I asked did they have like a Browne with ice cream and a candle to make it special for me. He said no and recommended something different like an apple cake because they have nothing like a brownie but we do have candles. I just said never mind and was ready to go. Okay food. Mediocre service especially how much we're paying. Bad customer experience. Will never have a bday dinner again here.Came here for Sunday brunch and was disappointed. This place has all the potential  to be a 5 star which makes this review so hard to write! This location offers great views of the city, beautiful decor and ambiance. However, the service was horrible and my food was cold and late. It took about 30/40 minutes to get a omelet and it was cold. The server wasn't all that nice which made it harder to enjoy. Maybe management needs to change because this place can rock under great guidance. I ate here 4 years ago and things were much better.I have been several times...last night, however, was awful! I had to get the attention of the busser to get a refill and the check.  The female server was unprofessional and unappealing.  I will not spend another dollar there.Nineteen has hands down the best lunch deal in town.  The restaurant itself is gorgeous and it has a great view of the city.  The lunch prefixe for under $20 is in my opinion the best in the city in its category.Travelled to Philadelphia to go to the infamous Vedge. Found ourselves enough time to go to Nineteen for a quick cocktail and appetizer. Upon entering 19 a staff member told us where we could find the bar. The space is grand and large scale. Older and slightly tired but adequate. We walked to the bar and took a seat. My surveillance of the scene was old dishes, empty drinks, and no bartender. It was like the apocalypse had arrived moments before us. 
We wait, and wait and wait some more. Staff pass us by. I finally speak out and grab the 5th staff person who walked by us and ask if she could please find us a bartender. I think, wrongly, that one would be to us momentarily...nope...no such luck. We wait some more. I flag someone else and finally a female bartender arrives. It has been at least 15 min. She walks behind the bar and asks what we would like. I politely tell her we had been waiting for approx 15 min. Instead of apologizing she says with sustain "are you sure it's been 15 minutes?" I immediately want to throw on my rocky gloves and give her a roundhouse for every minute we waited...but I know she (unfortunately) will be the one making my drink, so I think better of it. 
The first drink I ask for they don't have B&B. Seriously? Every old school bar needs B&B...wtf. 
I choose one off the cocktail list which seemed like it would be better suited for the summer. My guess, it was.  Hubby had red wine... he liked. 
Bar started to fill up and another bartender arrived. Steven. A breath of fresh air compared to his female counterpart. He was conversational, accommodating, and a nice demeanor. 
We ordered the appetizer squash which was cold (not supposed to be) but tasty. 
I would not rush back there. I still feel like an apology is in order for the extremely long wait.Lunch here is an amazing deal in the city. Not only did we manage to get a private dining room for our staff luncheon (someone in my office must know someone at XIX) the food was reasonable and delicious. Every day, I repeat EVERY DAY they offer a $20 lunch menu which includes beverage (soda or iced tea), appetizers from the communal buffet, an entree, and as many desserts as you can stuff in your stomach from the communal buffet. 
I started with the iced tea of the day which was peach or mango, or some other fruit infused tea. They provide simple syrup and mint on the side to spice it up as you wish (nice touch). For apps, I took a walk up to the communal table where there are a variety of salads (fresh green, pasta, tabbouleh, etc.), meats, and cheeses. All in all I thought it was a good selection to start off. For my lunch entree I chose the fish of the day, the portion size was good, the plating refined, and the flavors delicious. Back up to the communal buffet for dessert - there are a variety of cookies, pastries, tarts, mousse, etc. Nothing sticks out in my mind as amazing but they were all good. 
I have two minor complaints about XIX and they are minor. 1. The round room, while it is beautiful and unique, has really weird acoustics. For some reason it sounds like your hearing a million conversations at one time (think Bruce Almighty hearing the world's prayers). Very odd. 2. The bathrooms are one floor down and you must take an elevator. Not a big deal but I was wearing rather uncomfortable shoes that day so it seemed like a bit of a hall just to use the washroom. 
I imagine that XIX would be really nice and romantic for dinner and I'm sure has a great view of the city. I'll definitely be back for more "work" lunches.This place earns five stars because it is a fantastic VALUE for the ambiance, the views, and the quality of the food. The only thing that was lacking was the service (I swear out waiter was promoting other restaurants, as he encouraged us to get dessert elsewhere.....very bizarre).
Gentleman, this is where you take a girl that you want to impress without breaking the bank.
To start I had the Kentucky Straight Bourbon Cocktail, which was a bit too sweet for my liking, considering that I am normally a Makers' on the rocks kind of gal. If you are just starting to enjoy bourbon, it would be a great cocktail for you since it is mixed with orange bitters and elderflower liquor. 
The MUSSELS IN WHITE WINE, GARLIC, & FENNEL are stupid good, and at $12 an order, who can pass up that appetizer!? It is served with grilled sour dough bread, and the sauce is so good you will spoon it into your mouth once the dipping bread is gone.
The GRILLED SPANISH OCTOPUS was almost as good as Mario Batali's. It was tender and the acid in the vinaigrette was perfectly balanced.
The PAN SEARED DIVER SCALLOPS were the BEST i have ever tasted. They were served with a sweet carrot puree and mango ginger chutney. They were delicious.
I want to comeback for happy hour on evening because the only expensive thing on the check really was the cocktails, which are half price between 5-7. Hopefully, we will also have a different waiter next time.I was here with two girlfriends for dinner Saturday night and we were so excited. We did not get seated in the glamorous pearl chandelier room, but instead in the front room. It was still beautiful and we sat at a four top near a window. I have to say, the service was pretty bad. Two of the three of us started with the tomato white bean soup, which was cold. And not supposed to be. My skate wing was very mealy and I actually ended up spitting part of it out into my napkin. For dessert, I had the tasting of three gelatos/sorbets. The server sets it in front of me and says, "In the middle, you have mango sorbet." My friend asks, "Well, what are the other two?" He replies: "Hmm. What do you have there?" I love my dining companions, so I did not mind the slow service. I could see, however, how others would be really irritated. Also, XIX is not cheap, so the service should certainly be up to snuff!Lovely staff. Great atmosphere. It was a rainy day, so they closed off the balcony. Which was ashame. But as the rain stopped, our waiter let my gf and i go out to take a beautiful photo of the skyline. Awesome view. Very accompdating. Will come back again. I had a filet fish with some veggie and capers. Delicious!The decor and food items included with the tea were a decent selection but the service was horrendous 
Our server disappeared ten minutes into the tea 
And when we inquired as to her whereabouts we were told she was in a meeting ! Seriously? There were other patrons there and we all felt deserted! 
Disappointing for what we expected to be upscaleWhere do I begin?  When we booked the reservation, they asked if this was a special evening. I said yes. It was my wife's birthday. Apparently, that never mattered to them when we got there. Additionally, when I explain later how our meal went, and the manager came over to try to mollify us, he asked if this was a special event. I said yes it was my wife's birthday. He gave us desserts gratis because if the problems we had with the meal....but still no candle in the dessert....
Now the meal. The crab cocktail was delicious. The meals were tasty. But my wife's meal was warm at best...not hot. When we told the waiter, he insisted on taking it back. Two minutes later the meal came back. The dish was very hot. The meal was the same as before...lukewarm at best. This is why the manager came over as derived above. 
Now the service.  The waiter was never around. He never asked us about our meal. Never asked if we had interest in a separate drink. Never brought bread until after the app was served. Never offered coffee with Our dessert. Could not be found to get the check. The restaurant was not crowded and we had an 830 reservation...so busy was not an issue. 
Then the dessert ( which was gratis...due to the meal issue). They were both awful. The restaurant is a brasserie style. So you would expect more traditional desserts.  Cheese cake, chocolate cake etc...but nooooo...they   Go froufrou with some chocolate thing that looked like congealed something or other. And admittedly, I misread the deep fried cheesecake. You should never call what they gave out cheesecake. 
This may be the longest review I have done.  But this was a very disappointing experience. The manager to his credit was trying to comp us for our experience. This was not about getting a free meal...or a future free meal it was about letting a restaurant know they need to fix some things.I went to this restaurant last night with 5 of my friends for Valentine's Day it was extremely overpriced. Food was not up to par to say the least. The check ended up being over $850 for 6 people and we left hungry. I just chalked it up as another restaurant I would never go back to. To my surprise I woke up this morning I checked my balance on my credit card and it was overcharged by 20%. I called my other 2 friends that also split the check with me their cards were also charged an extra 20% each. So not only was the food not as good as I was expecting, the restaurant extremely overpriced, but they also ripped us off upon paying the check. I wouldn't recommend this restaurant to my worst enemy. By far one of the worst Valentine's Day dinner experiences I've had in my life. Save your money go to a restaurant that has good food good service and doesn't rip you off.4.5 stars 
I went with my friend after receiving a $100 gift certificate to the restaurant. We decided to go on a Tuesday night, which was an interesting choice. On one hand it was nice and quiet and we had our choice of table, on the other hand it was EMPTY. No big deal though, because we sat outside on the balcony and the view was so incredible! My only regret is that I wasn't on a hot date (no offense Rachel!). Some heaters outside would also have made the balcony more enjoyable. 
The food was incredible. We both had salads, and my crab salad alone would have made enough for a dinner! The wine was paired very well, and the rolls were better than at most places. For dinner I had the fish stew which was very flavor-able and had a generous portion of lobster in it, which I definitely approved of! 
I hesitate from giving this place 5 stars because a) I wasn't digging the empty ambiance, and b) our waiter, while nice, was awkward and raggedy looking. His coat was all frayed etc. For the amount they charge for a dinner, you think they could get their waiter a coat! 
I'll be back! I definitely want to check out their happy hour, as all of the other reviewers have said such great things about it!I'm super shocked at the ,food, service and seating at this restaurant. I went for dinner on Mother's Day. The seating was not as I expected. It was 4 in our party. They took a table for 2 and pushed them together. As we're eating our meal at this table it was uncomfortable because our tables were round tables pushed together. We are in the cafe AKA hallway by an elevator that kept opening and closing. Also the hostess was sweeping as we ate. (Disgusting)
The meal wasn't good at all!! My food wasn't even warm. It was room temperature. I ordered the crab cake and the cloth mac and cheese. The mac and cheese was absolutely HORRIBLE. It was cold and had no taste. The crab cake wasn't good at all. It was not cooked all the way. I pointed it out to the waiter and he took it away. 
The hostess that walked us to our seat was rude when I mentioned to her about the seating. She acted like she had no clue what I was talking about with the seating for 2 pushed together to make seating for 4. Every time the phone rang we heard the hostess conversation.I was extremely disappointed in this restaurant. This restaurant is located in the Bellevue and I expected a little bit more class, better food  and much better service. Don't waste the $ or your time going here. There are much better restaurants in center city Philly.Enter the Bellevue and take the elevator to the 19th floor. Hence, the name(XIX). Lol! Elegant environment for dining. Great service. Good food. What more could you ask for? I parked next door in the parking lot. Be sure to get your parking ticket validated as there is a substantial difference in the price if you don't. My sister and I took our dad here for his birthday. Amongst all of us at the table, we had the raw oysters, trout, salad and crab cakes. The food was very good. I've had better crab cakes, but it was still good, nonetheless. The service was awesome and provided plenty recommendations we were happy with. The view is amazing if you can get a window seat or sit outside. It had rained this particular day, so outside seating wasn't an option. Pics to follow.Went here in the summer for an anniversary dinner. Parking was slightly hard to find, but once we got up to the 19th floor the staff was great, polite and attentive. Food was delicious and the view was amazing. They were so accomodating to our requests, took pictures for us, and even gave us complimentary champagne to celebrate. Overall very pleased with our experience here and sure to go back!The WORST dining experience ever. Actually, there was no dining. Is there a ZERO STARS?!?!?
Wife and I went to (attempt) dinner here per-show. Showed up at 6:24pm. Initially seated at a table where the sun was directly in my wife's eyes and with a mirror behind her, in my eyes as well. After sitting there for 5 minutes, we stood up, found a hostess and carried our own water glasses to the next table. The hostess did nothing to help the transfer at all. 
We then sat at our new table for 20 minutes with NO ONE coming over to talk to us, fill our now empty water glasses or give us bread. NOTHING. Well, that's not completely true. At 6:40, the hostess that "pointed" at our new table came over to our table with tuna tar-tar and a crab cake and started to serve us. We had not ordered or even talked to a server yet. She left, went back to the kitchen, came back out and tried to serve that same food to another table - wrong table again. She went back the to the kitchen and returned a third time. This time it was the right table. 
At 6:50, twenty-five minutes into our "dinner", the waitress came over and mumbled something about "thanks for being patient" and "my manager will take care of you". I was not patient at this point - just take out order. We order a bottle of Champagne, two salads, and to appetizers. Nothing challenging. Eight minutes later, and yes, I was completely keeping track at this point, our Champagne showed up and was poured. Bread was also placed on the table - 33 minutes into our experience. 
We decided that to make the show, we were leaving at 7:15. 
7:00pm passed. Nothing. 
7:10pm passed. Nothing 
At 7:14pm, my wife put on her shaw and at 7:15, we stood up, I dropped the money (plus tax) for the Champagne on the table, and we left. 
No food we ordered every showed up. Nothing. No salads. No appetizers. Nothing. We were there for 50 minutes total. 
The waitress talked to us twice, in total. No manager every came over to talk to us. To comment on the delay. To make an excuse. To apologize. We walked out and no one seemed to give a damn. 
We were not the only ones with issues. The table next to us who was already seated when we arrived, tried to order a cappuccino and was told the machine just broke and that they had a "fresh pot brewing". That was not what they wanted so they were told "Starbucks is in the lobby. You could get one there." WOW. 
Another table was waiting for their entres from 6:45 until we left at 7:15. 
This is singularly, the worst experience I've ever had. I can't say "dining experience" because we never ate. It was so bad, it was comical, but in a bitter, Gordon Ramsey way. Do not, under any circumstance, patronize this establishment. XIX does not deserve to be part of the Philly dining scene. It was and embarrassment.XIX was a huge disappointment.  We arrived when there were very few diners, and they tried
to give us a table right in front of the entrance, which we politely declined.  
They said they would give us a better table, but may have to move us if our third guest didn't come soon.    
When I told the waiter I dropped my knife, he said he would get it later, but didn't get me a new one.  I tried to use the butter knife to cut my al dente vegetables, which didn't work.  He was MIA most of the time.  
The food was good, but the staff is not.  
The Bellevue is a shadow of its former self.  Not enough staff makes it difficult to even get water refilled.  
The ladies' room is a floor below in a completely deserted hallway.  No attendant.
The last time I'll go to XIX.  Almost any of the numerous chain restaurants nearby are better. 
Save your money.Excellent happy hour!  Beautiful lounge and bar area.  Great martinis.  What an excellent deal!!  It does get crowded so getting a seat is sometimes tough.  We have been there for dinner and it has been really good as well.  Definitely good for a special occasion although it isn't that expensive considering how beautiful and upscale the restaurant is. We went for restaurant week one year and thought that they gave you good options and good sized portions.Gorgeous.  Beautiful.
Cocktails are okay, but hey,
You're here for the view.Yawn.
Unfortunately, XIX did not wow me like I thought it would. Perhaps my expectations were set too high? Too high like the view that I was promised? R2L's view is much grander, and I would imagine the service and ambience to be as well.
My girlfriends and I went during restaurant week, which could have been part of the reason for XIX's faults, but the place wasn't even busy. All that aside, and onto the food, I wasn't impressed. 
For starters I had the beef carpaccio on a rocket salad with shaved pecorino romano and peppers. I felt it needed a bit of something else, perhaps some cracked black pepper, so simple. The carpaccio was good though, and I enjoyed the lemony flavored peppers. For my main, I had the pork tenderloin, which was cooked to perfection, on top of a butternut squash ravioli and bed of sauteed spinach. The spinach was eh, and the ravioli did not taste fresh. I was expecting more of a butternut flavor, and less lumpy ricotta cheese. Dessert was just fine.. A gritty cheesecake with carmelized peanuts on top. See, nothing special!
One redeeming quality about the slow-ish service was that when my friend found a BUG in her wine, they gave her another glass on the house. That was kind of them.Although the food was delicious and our server was very attentive, i will NEVER go back here. Do not pay with your card, pay only with cash!! The bill was split up, including tip, but here they charge you a 20% fee (which you get back in about 48 hours) to make sure that your payment goes through, but that is never mentioned at all. I also had another charge FOR THE ENTIRE BILL, and the managers excuse as to why? They need to make sure that the entire bill is paid for. So, in short, they chose one card to charge the whole bill on without even mentioning it to you.  The way this restaurant is run is completely a rip off.yeah it was classy. the server was very good and the food was pricy but delish. i would def. go back, but like others said im more into the dive bar scene. i couldnt help but fantasize about my wedding in this place. it was so beautiful inside. and great views. and it smelled really good.After eating here several times over a period of days, I can most assuredly tell you that this place is horribly over-priced for the quality of the food.  Sadly even the staff working in other parts of the hotel readily agreed with me.
There are some very bright spots in the staff working here, most of them work breakfast and lunch.  I'm often puzzled by what other people consider good food.  
After eating around the country in places like Vegas, Dallas and New Orleans... I'd skip this place and find something more economical that tasted a lot better.This place deserve more stars. I went there for lunch, from the service to the food , everything  made me wanna go back again. The waitress is super nice and sweet, I can just tell she tried her best to make every diner comfortable. I had three courses. The first course is open choice, so I picked salad and cheese, the cheese goes perfect with the meat, and the second course is steak, not the best I've tried but still amazingly delicious and juicy. Lastly the deserts are super ! I gotta tried different littles pieces, loved everyone of them! Definitely highly recommend! The dinning area is fabulously decorated ! Loved my experience here !I'd have to say this restaurant is schizophrenic. The decor is just absolutely gorgeous. Beautiful, oozing in history and breathtaking views. Friendly bar. Conversely, it's a bistro menu- just doesn't fit the surroundings. It could be an elegant, romantic restaurant but instead- ribeye, flat iron steaks etc. I wish I had a  Vetri menu in the space. 
4 stars for the surroundings, but I can't see returning. Food just wasn't that memorable.The Cafe part of XIX has an awesome prix fix lunch deal. For $20 you get three courses... there is a buffet with salads, cured meats and cheeses, an entree that is served to you, and another buffet with several amazing desserts. All of this in a spectacular setting makes for a very special afternoon that won't break the bank.Was surprised by my boyfriend and friends to cocktail hour and dinner in this fabulous place for my birthday!
Kaz was our awesome server! He did a great job of making some genuine recommendations and even invited us to have dessert and drinks on the balcony overlooking the city!
We all had cocktails and beers to start in the gorgeous bar along with some delicious mussels as a starter.
I ordered the five spiced short rib with baby bok Choy, oyster sauce and sweet potato shavings for garnish. It was the perfect combo! Everyone of my friends claimed they had "the best dish from the menu", so you know the menu was amazing! I was able to taste the osso buco that other reviewers mentioned and it was just as tender and succulent as my dish.
I will definitely coming again to try the unlimited salad bar during lunch!I came here with my two friends for her birthday dinner and we were basically the only ones there. The view is better when you sit outside but unfortunately it was raining when we went. We got the oysters as an appetizer and it was good. I chose the salmon as my entree and I couldn't complain. The ambiance was nice but the food isn't anything special. I'd probably come back here again for lunch instead and see how that is.Great selection of oysters! Very good service by the oyster expert. We also had the lobster risotto with safran and truffle oil, which I unfortunately can not recommend as much as the oysters.Great food. Really nice inside ambience. Went with wife. Good for dates or small groups. 
Upstairs in the hotel. Nice service but unfortunately was very slow. I think they were just short staffed.Everything was great from food  I just loved the salad bar. Brunch there is amazing and our server was very friendly and attentive. Me and my friends will definitely be back. Plus the view of the city is just wonderful from the restaurant.Atmosphere was very impressive! Food was good, but not a stand out. A must return because of the atmosphere. Restaurant week was a great way to be introduced. Had wine pairings for different courses that were made exclusively for Hyatt.I've been to XIX several times in the past- once for brunch and the rest for happy hour. Last night my husband and I were in the neighborhood so happy hour was calling our name.
I've actually never been to XIX without large crowds- my past happy hours were either for group events or Sips. With no event drawing crowds, it was rather pleasant. We were able to walk right up to the bar and order drinks. We took our drinks to a small table with two formal looking arm chairs. There was a large group in the center of the room that seemed to be there for a business function and would get loud at times. Otherwise the volume in the room was fair and my husband and I were able to converse with each other without screaming.
Our first round of drinks was the Best of Philly special. I was under the impression that it was going to be a martini however it ended up being a bourbon drink mixed with some fruity juices/flavors and served in a mason jar. Although I can't remember quite what was it it- it was strong and enjoyable. 
For our second round of drinks we switched to beer- one Dogfishhead  60 Minute IPA and one Flying Fish Farmhouse summer ale both on draft. You can never go wrong with either and $4 was a rather fair price. The table had waitress service so we didn't need to go up to the bar for this round.
XIX was definitely a classy spot for happy hour and I'm glad I got to enjoy it when the rooms weren't packed full to the brim.So I had the misfortune of having tea at the Bellevue today, taking my 96 year old aunt for her birthday celebration  We arrived ten minutes earlier than our reservation and there was no one there in the restaurant at all....we waited till 2 (our reservation time) and looked for someone and found a girl in the back area and she seated us.  We then waited for about 15 minutes for a waitress and ordered our tea.  The tea arrived in metal tea pots like the ones you get in a diner, not at all like previous teas I've been to where the tea is served in beautiful pots....nothing special about the table setting, nothing "fancy" like tea should be.  We then got our three tiered arrangement of tea sandwiches, some of which were good but not great.  The scones were not fresh, the clotted cream was more like butter so we didn't bother with that...the rest of the sweets were just like the mixed small  pastries you find on a buffet in a diner.  It was really so disappointing.  We had no visit from our waitress throughout except to bring water once.  After we were done, we waited for our check for over 25 minutes, no waitress or wait staff was present anywhere in the room at all during that time.  I finally got up and searched for someone and found a different woman who appeared to work there and asked her if she could find our waitress, her reply was "she's in a meeting"....What????  She then found our check for us and we paid our 100 dollars and left.  It was really the worst experience I've had in years and this is a beautiful restaurant that should not offer tea unless they understand what it is.  Never going back....I went to XIX for the $35 brunch buffet and was not blow away.
Sure you are in one of the highest restaurants, but no offense the view isn't great since there aren't any magnificent buildings to look at. Its just simply not picturesque. 
The decor was classic european, but the furniture was a bit run down and shabby.
My friend has the bloody mary, which had too much celery. 
The breakfast buffet consisted of mussels, random finger foods, salad, and shrimp cocktail. The mussels were luke warm and some of the finger foods like the dumpling pot stickers were not too appetizing. The lettuce in the caesar salad was soggy. The only thing worth stocking up on was the shrimp cocktail.
Next came the brunch entree. I had the fish of the day and my friend has the crab cake eggs Benedict. Both were pretty good.
We finished off with dessert. The only thing I liked were the berries, which were really fresh and the madeleine cookies.
This brunch lacks complementary coffee and tea!
Overall for a restaurant that is seemingly suppose to be of high caliber, XIX does not live up to its standards. I was disappointed.What a beautiful place!  Almost feels like you're taken back to another time with the domed ceiling and ornateness of the room.
I came here for a work luncheon with about 16 guests.  I set things up, and communication with the front of the house was fine to do so.  My confirmation email did not go through to my work email, but home got it just fine.  Had to sign a "large party agreement" and give a credit card hold.  They will charge based on a percentage of the minimum people expected if you cancel too late or no show.
Lunch was a set $22 per person not including tax or tip.  Included a buffet selection of salads, a choice of three entrees (ours today was chicken w/pasta, Arctic Char, or flatbread pizza), and a buffet selection of small bite desserts.  Soda was included but most got water.  
I was very pleased with the salad selections - beets w/fennel, Asian noodles, Caesar, and something with apples.  Charcuterie and mini sliced cheeses were also there.  I thought maybe having a soup would be a nice improvement.  Everything I tried I liked.
I heard no complaints about anyone who chose the pasta with chicken.  It was just the right portion and very tasty.  Had micro red leaves, broccoli, onion, and a cream sauce with the wide noodles.  Yum!
Some were not so keen on the Arctic Char - they also did not care for the rice with it.  It was just "ok" but not bad.
Pizza was "you're missing out!" on how well it was liked.
Dessert was also just ok but they did have fresh fruit with cream topping that was nice.
I can see this being a great romantic date place besides our midday lunch.  I'd like to come back.
$460 including tax/tip.  Service was attentive and friendly.OK guys listen up- do you like happy hour? Do you like to leave happy hour with an extreme buzz? Then, you need to come to XIX. Maybe you think I am crazy, Lauren, you're crazy, XIX is so high class, I can't go there for happy hour in my flannel and vans! Yes!!! Yes you can!! And I promise you, you will keep going back. During the most anticipated hours of the day (5-7) XIX does $6 fall on your face, chocked-full-of alcohol spirits. You can show up in anything  and you won't be looked at funny. The lounge itself is dark, woody and inviting, and during the winter they have the fire going. OH yeah- sit by the windows if you can. The views are spectacular. Last Monday, we caught the tail-end of happy hour, and the tail-end of the sunset. Magical.
Why not 5 stars? Because when it is not happy hour, the prices are ridiculous and the food is not that memorable. If you don't like throwing money away, just come for the drinks like we talked about. Good talk.Wonderful views and even better cocktails! 
Happy hour is great! 1/2 priced cocktails! The Raspberry Jalapeno cocktail is amazing!!! It seems daunting at first when you see all of the jalapeno seeds, but it's so good. 
Great place for people watching and meeting for drinks in the city before a show or a night out on the town!Love this place. The Chef nails it every single time we're there! The Venison and the Braised short rib.....whaaaaaaat????Yet another place that seems to get by on their location and beautiful views alone. I was pretty disappointed by the whole experience. The service was slow, the portions for the main courses were tiny, and drinks came either not as ordered or poorly made. And of course, everything is ridiculously expensive. I am not one to complain about spending a lot for a nice night at out a great restaurant, but you have to be a great restaurant first!
Things that were good: the food tasted great, but like I said I wish there was more of it. The view is outstanding and if you can get a set near a window I can see how it can be quite romantic. However, I don't think I'd come back, unless someone else REALLY wanted to try it out.If there was an option for 0 stars, that would have been the rating of this review. I made reservations for 11:30 am for Sunday brunch, which I heard great things about. We arrived on time, took some time to get seated due to brunch starting at 11:30, which was not a problem, my guess is that they were still setting up. The hostess was friendly, checked us in and seated us. Once seated, we waited about 20 minutes for our waiter, no one came by. While other parties (who arrived after us) were seated and waited on almost immediately. Keep in mind, brunch was just starting and it was not busy at all. I flagged down a waiter to let her know that no one has came to our table, she said that someone will be with us shortly. 10 more minutes passed and still no one. I walked out. Horrible service! I will be emailing management about this!Intro:
Beautiful main dining room. Brightly lit and a wonderful view on a clear day. The experience is in the environment and less on the food.
The basics:
1. Went for restaurant week during lunch. It was a three course lunch with first and dessert being buffet styled. The appetizers consisted of salads, charcuterie, cheese, and roasted vegetables. I was pretty satisfied with the selection. They were flavorful and paired well with other items. Though the salads were beginning to wilt a bit.
2. The bass I had was decent, not great. It was a bit over cooked and the skin was not crisp but rather a bit stale. My friend's filet was way overcooked for medium temp.
3. Deserts, also buffet, was a hit or miss. Again a large selection, but some of the cakes were desiccated and tasted mass-produced, a la grocery store. Probably the best thing was the berries and cream. But again, that's not that hard to get wrong.
Conclusion: 
Probably need to go back for full service. Restaurant week was definitely sub-par. There was definitely a large gap between the food and the expectations formed once you walk in. Waiting for better weather, a little birdy told me they might open up their balconies again.We've been coming to XIX for years.  It's one of the great historic spaces in Philadelphia with an incomparable view.  We'll often have a light dinner or small plates and a drink before theater or music within steps of our entertainment on the Avenue of the Arts.  If you're seated in the first room off the elevator, and it's a busy night, sit quietly and listen.  The dome ceiling may deliver you a whispered conversation from across the room.  This probably means your conversation with your guest should be suitable for transmission ;-)  
To be honest, the food has been variable.  But.  We gave it a try again last Wednesday, and I'm delighted to say it's back in great form.  Server (Shango) was on his game, menu gave a great assortment of small plates including an interesting set of meats and cheeses, delicious bread choices, and well crafted cocktails.
Felt like I was having dinner with an old friend, and that friend was XIXWhen you walk out of the elevator into the restaurant you step into a beautiful circular room. Light beams in from the outside in and illuminates the room. We had to wait for our reservation to be seated, so we decided to grab drinks at the bar. The bartender was pretty rude to her barback, who seemed like a genuine and nice man. Maybe she should have hid her rudeness to him away from the customers. That was a turnoff.
We finally were seated. Our server didnt explain to us non alcoholic drinks were included with the brunch. We overheard another server at another table to get that info. 
That being said, we didnt get our drinks until the very end of our meal. Dissappointing.
Our server was apologetic to us and all her other tables. Food was pretty decent. The guy at the buffet was funny. 
Pastries were very fresh and on point. Atmosphere was nice. I'd like to one day go on the balcony when it warms up.Swanky  enough looking room (think Titanic) yes, and obstructed views in one of the rooms, bar seemed nice,... warm dining room on an already hot day? Very weird smell too. Carpet was dirty all around the room...Oy so far, right??? We stayed anyway to see this experience through. Restrooms were one floor down on the 18th floor. Street parking for 5$. Food was excellent though. Step outside for the real view and photo opps.The boyfriend and I stopped by XIX for drinks last night after seeing a fantastic show (more on that in another review).  We had been for drinks once before, so this review is based on those two trips to the bar.
XIX is (appropriately) on the 19th floor, so you'll need to take the elevator. Depending on which one you take it can be a little hard to find the bar, but if you wander the floor long enough (around a few corners and through the room with the swanky/modern/a little weird lounge/restaurant), you'll find the bar. 
The atmostphere is decidedly sophisticated, upscale, and romantic. The lighting is dim (so dim I had trouble reading the menu, and my eyesight is solid), the room has high ceilings, and the (famous) view is beautiful. We were able to snag a table near the windows, which was great. Attire was similarly upscale - I was wearing a little black dress and didn't feel overdressed at all. I would've felt awkward in jeans and a t-shirt.
The service was middling (we had two waiters and still ended up needing to flag one down on a couple occasions), but the drinks ($12 for each of their signature cocktails) were delicious. I had the Sorrento Lemon and the boyfriend had the Kentucky Straight Orange. They were tasty and pretty potent (not watered-down or lacking flavor like some others have experienced) and we ordered the same again on the second round. A little before midnight we felt hungry and ordered some snacks ($15 for a selection of three cheeses and/or meats, $20 for a selection of 5). The cheese was pretty good, but it didn't hold up compared to Tria or Biba - the portions were a little small and there were no descriptions to help you decide.
If you're looking for a place to splurge on cocktails and get your fancy on, this is the place to go.My husband and I went here for dinner last night during restaurant week. The service was great and the food was pretty good. The ambiance was the highlight, however. The view and main dining room was very pretty.This review is for the afternoon tea set only. I haven't tried the food yet, but so far I loved the finger sandwiches and pastries we had for the afternoon tea set. The madhatters tea was delicious also, it had a fruity quality to it. My favorite was the scone with the lemon curd and butter! The rest of the desserts: cupcakes, madeline, etc were mediocre. The view was okay, the architecture and patio are what seems to make it great. Would love to go back for the outside seatings.Menu has changed. No specials. Feels like a hotel catering menu. Still a beautiful place. But the food is suffering.The $20 lunch deal here is awesome. I find the combination buffet and served entree to be great for business lunches and picky friends.  The salads and cheeses and imported meats buffet has something for everyone and is kept fresh right up to closing.
For main course, I've had the pizza, the steak, the fish, the pasta - each is perfect portion and freshly prepared.   I'm addicted to that never ending ginger peach iced tea.  The sugar syrup on the side is nice touch, though I don't use it.
I used to sneak a couple cookies back for my office staff.  Then the waitress saw it and offered me and a carry bag.  Smart move - now everyone in my office knows about XIX.  I haven't needed reservations yet but if they keep up this great deal, you may.
Finally, check out the salt and pepper containers - so cool.  I've got to get them.Came here for brunch. The dessert was my favorite part! Lots to choose from. Greedy me almost took one of each. I love their croissant! It's so rich and buttery! They also had a small selection of asian dimsum style food, which was ok, nothing special. The oysters, shrimp cocktails and salad was good though. I might consider coming here for dinner. We'll see.My husband and I used to love this place for brunch and drinks. But earlier this month, we had my family visiting from California so we decided to take them for a special brunch to celebrate our anniversary. It was a terrible experience; the food was extremely poor and the service was extremely extremely unpleasant.
Service/staff:
The hostess who is supposed to greet you when you enter ignored us for solid 10 minutes after which I decided to approach her and tell her that we have a reservation. we got there at 1:10 and our reservation was at 1:30 (So we were early). I told her we have a reservation and we're all here and she looks at me, gives me a super weird stare and says "Ok, I can see you guys. I will tell you when it's your reservation time". Honestly, if my parents were with me, I would've walked out. For close to $40 per person, you need to at least be polite and welcoming. Because isn't a portion of that high price "service"?
But we had their brunch a year ago (also on our anniversary) and had really liked it. So  to stay despite the rude behavior - big mistake. haha. 
Once we sat down, we didn't get water for a while. When we asked for three glasses of water without ice, there was like this pause and shocking look on the waitress' face (Like really? u want me to go back and get u water with no ice?). 
Food: 
Soggy. Flavorless. Definitely NOT worth the money. 
The second course, that you pick from the menu was okay. But everything else on the cafe table/buffet counter was of extremely poor quality. It is NOT what you would expect to eat at a $38 buffet. 
More than half the food trays ("the buffet") were empty. We repeatedly asked if they were going to refill (mind you, the brunch is supposed to not be over over an hour still...). We got NO verbal response from the people behind the counters. I am not sure why they were all in such a bad mood ! 
In addition to everything being empty, soggy and unappetizing; the service was so rude! 
The view was incredible, very beautiful ... 
but I am saddened to say we won't be returning. For a total bill of close to $300 (for 5 people), I expected respectable service. You don't have to be overly friendly with me, but don't be rude ! This place used to be good, but it has lost its quality of food and service - big time !It's always a treat to come to this beautiful restaurant for the wonderful lunch buffet. I was taken here for my birthday as it's the perfect place to celebrate a special occasion.XIX is kind of weird. There are rooms off to the side that are full of super fancy crystals and others with mad old people and bowls of ice and then a dark, little cave section with a bar, then a super bright dining room with chandeliers and champagne flutes. It gives the whole place an, "Eyes Wide Shut," party vibe. We just went for a friends birthday and wound up just sitting and sipping scotch in the dark middle section. Nothing earth shattering, but XIX at least LOOKS very nice. I can't speak on the food or service, as we didn't eat anything and ran to the bar to get our drinks. I might be back to give the cuisine a go, at which point I'll update accordingly.If you want old world atmosphere then this is the place for you.  The architecture and design is a throwback to earlier times. Unfortunately, the service was not as good. Our waiter was not very interactive or attentive. He came to our table and asked if we wanted drinks. He took my fianc's request for water and totally ignored me and went to bring water to the table. He brought a bottle of Italian water and I noticed the table next to me was provided water from a pitcher. When I asked about a type of steak offered on the menu I was given a short order. 
The food was very good. My fianc had a NY strip and I had the other steak which was a good choice. We ordered potatoes to share and they never came. The waiter was nowhere to be found. They weren't on the bill so again he wasn't attentive. If we were to return it would be for apps and drinks in the bar. Overrated to say the least.Amazing Amazing Amazing!!! Food is as good as the decor! the staff is wonderful the chef is impeccable, food portions are generous. i cant say enough good things about it! Highly recommend.Great service and ambiance. Desserts were definitely lacking. Food was okay but nothing that stood out. Great scenery, very romantic if y'all taking a significant other out.I dined here recently for restaurant week, and had the WORST service I've ever experienced. Our server Alina only came to take our order... And literally we didn't see her for the rest of the night. She didn't ask us if we wanted to start off with appetizers, she didn't come back to check up on us during our meal, no one EVER came back to refill our waters ONCE or ask us if we wanted another glass of wine. We waited forever for her to come around and finally we had to ask someone where the hell she went! She never apologized for the crappy service. The whole night she was standing in the back corner doing nothing. There were ONLY 9 tables where we were sitting, it was so empty- so please explain why we weren't being tended to?! To top it off, we were over charged on our credit cards- I called and spoke to Shawn who explained to me why this was. Ok I understand... BUT I told him about our shitty experience at this establishment and had NOTHING to say for it and didn't apologize or try to explain or make it up to us or anything!!! This is ridiculous because it's supposed to be higher end dining and this is the type of experience we endured. This was my first and last time dining here; they made an awful impression and I absolutely would not recommend it to anyone!!!Usually at 11 AM I'm in the middle of my REM cycle, but when in Philadelphia and awake for brunch, I dine at XIX.  This prix fixe lunch is all you could ask for, and features a fabulous buffet of "things" for people who eat.  Since I don't, I just like to stare at the food and imagine what it would taste like in my mouth.
The first time I saw the sign for XIX outside the Bellevue on Walnut and South, I thought it was a help group for cross-eyed drunks with huge noses.  And since I was looking for a Jewish husband, the first word out of my mouth was "oh my God!"  When I got up to the 19th floor, sat down at a random table, and started to pour out my life story of drugs, booze, and my celebrity boxing tragedy against Judge Judy, I'd caused a whole table of 90-year old socialites to go into cardiac arrest.  And that is how I became the single-most mass murderer in American history.
My fave thing about XIX is that not only is the name in Roman, but the food is also Roman.  How do I know it's Roman?  Because one time in Milan I had a really bad trip, and found myself surrounded by towel-wearing men, manchego cheese, and cold cuts that looked surprisingly like the ones in the XIX buffet.  Or maybe that was just my last trip to the bath house.  I forget.  I can't keep track of my sex life any more than I can keep track of my social security number.  Hence why I'm always making up a new one every time AmEx cancels one of my cards.
If you're scared of heights, XIX is enclosed by walls and windows, and has the most fabulous views of the downtown.  The architects basically designed the view so you can't see any poor people, which is perfect for me.  Poor people make me lose my appetite.  I have a whole slideshow of street bums that I'll look at to control weight gain.  hEllO, it's like the new thing in dieting.
Competition for the brunch/lunch scene is fierce on Walnut Street, and if anyone knows anything about the word fiErcE, it's me.  XIX is high-end, sexy, and aside from being a wonderful lunch spot it's also a cute place for drinks and date nights.  Also, if your date is going less-than-perfect (i.e. he suggests you "split the bill"), you should know that there are no bathrooms on the same floor as XIX, which means you need to take the elevator; hint hint, hitting that Lobby button is far too easy after "excusing yourself" to the ladies room.
For a trendy lunch spot and some delish Roman food, try XIX.  And ladies/gay men: don't forget about the elevator.  This restaurant is totally designed for bailing on a bad date.  If I were you, I'd schedule a bad date just to experience the architectural bail-out masterpiece.  Speaking of which, I'm on EHarmony right now...
This has been a Review by FulgencioI can confidently say this is the worst service I have received in Philadelphia. My boyfriend and I went to have a drink in the lounge here last night. We were sitting close together and when the waitress came by and saw that we were holding hands, she almost choked. (We are a gay couple.) We asked for a menu and water and she couldn't even respond. She returned with the menu and water. 
She then proceeded to ignore us for the next forty minutes. She passed by our table 6 times and refused to look our way or take our order. As we were getting up to leave, we asked her why she wouldn't serve us and she literally ran away and hid behind the bar. We told the manager what had happened and besides being apathetic, he asked us if we would like to sit somewhere else. We will never return here and felt like we were clearly discriminated against for being gay.Incredible lunch! Went for a wonderful Christmas Eve lunch. Our server was very friendly and explained everything on the menu to us!
Lunch is definitely the way to experience XIX. They offer a Chef's Lunch Table ($17 or add a main course for $5 more!). It has a variety of salad options, cheeses and meats, and lots of deserts! It even includes a beverage or coffee. Everyone in my group got this as there was lots to choose from and our mouths were watering over the beautiful pastries. 
The salad options were: Caesar Salad, Tomato and Mozzarella, Artichoke and Mushroom, Soba Noodle Salad, and Goat Cheese Apple and Walnut.  Each one was very good. Big fan of the noodle salad and apple salad! 
The meats, I'm not sure because we don't eat smoked meats. However the cheese plate was amazing! It was Port Salut, Cheddar and Brie. Big hunks of cheese you could eat with their delicious rolls! 
For main dishes, we had the Steak Panini and the pasta which I don't recall the name. Loved the pasta. The steak panini was ok. The panini was served with fries which were lackluster.
For desserts there was Chocolate Bread Pudding, Cannolis, Strawberry parfaits, Cookies, Spiced Madelines, Raspberry Cakes, Eclairs, Mini Apple Pies and a big bowl of Berries. There was also a bowl of fresh whipped cream to top your fruit or bread pudding with. The crowd favorite was definitely the bread pudding! I also LOVED the strawberry parfait it was delicious!
We all want to go back again and again. The food was yummy, service attentive and price is not too crazy for Philly! One of the best lunch options in town!I have been here many times for happy hours ($6 for fancy super strong cocktails, cant beat that..it's a recession).  It can get very crowded & service may get slow, but the view is wonderful.  Popular with the coworker happy hour crowds... altho  if it's Casual Friday, beware- you may be underdressed.  
Recently, I went here for their $19 lunch.  We had a reservation made on opentable & the restaurant wasnt full, but we were seated in what I would consider a bad seat, near the elevators /service area.  Their tables are very low, so beware of knocking your knees when you sit down.  Also, I didnt have a fork, so check for that before eating.  Our waitress dissapeared and I ended up using a dessert fork scavenged from the buffet for my salads.  Luckily the food & service made up for the awkward beginnings.  First, there is an array of fresh wholesome salads (including fruit, a celery salad & a cold potato), a variety of cheese & fresh rolls served very elegantly buffet style. Then a served entree which in my case was huge (the house pizza)- very delicious, altho the other entrees seemed a bit small. They have great iced tea too. It was a gorgeous sunny spring day so we asked if we could move outside for dessert/ coffee & our waitress was very accomodating.  The dessert spread is amazing. They had strawberry shortcake shooters with chocolate ladybugs on top, truffles, fresh berries with homemade whipped cream, Keylime coconut pie, lemon tarts... there were also cookies galore but I had to restrain myself.  I would seriously consider going again just for the desserts!  The only thing is next time I will ask for a table near the windows.I get off the elevator on the nineteenth floor and immediately I'm enveloped by the elegance, comfort, swank, and the views. I recommend showing up 20 minutes early to enjoy a drink at the bar before your meal. Everyone in the place was dressed nice and smiling. My only complaint was, and this was not the restaurants fault, we were in a private room because I was with a large party. While the room was nice I felt trapped.... I wanted to be out in the dinning room to admire the views and people watch. I could probably go on about the dcor of this place, but I don't want to ruin your own experience. 
As for the service top notch from the host, coat check, waiter, servers, and even the water guy. Yes you water guy, you know who you are.... The unsung hero of constantly flowing water. With you my glass wasn't half empty for one moment and won't be for a long time.... 
As for the food they nailed it! For an appetizer we shared  the raw bar and it was fresh and presented correctly. I also had the shrimp tempura which was very good. For my entree I had the brassies lamb and it was done to perfection. This dish was very heavy in fact I wasn't hungry again until 18 hours later. 
I enjoyed myself at this place and I am already envisioning my return visit....NOT a fan.  I've experienced this restaurant twice.  The first was with a friend for drinks late at night, twas okay (very LOUD, very crowded at the bar) we had a window seat (GREAT VIEW), once we sat down a waitress came over, I ordered desert, but then either they forgot about me or decided they weren't going to try and get to me with the other people that crowded around the bar, so I had to go search out the waitress.  The desert was SMALL but delicious and my friend got a drink that put her on her bum, so they are heavy handed with the liquor.
I mentioned the view and the look of elegance to my boyfriend, so we went for our anniversary last Friday night the 9th of October, I was not impressed at all.  First when we walked in we didn't know where to go for dining, but found our way and they weren't ready for us the hostess said we could wait at the bar around the corner, we got our drinks and waited for our table to become ready (we had reservations) no one came to find us so we went to follow up and still had to wait. Once we were seated (by a window) it took a while for our server to show up, he didn't seem very interested at all in waiting on us.  When he finally came back to the table we ordered an appetizer, we thought we'd wait a bit to order dinner, but the waiter asked if we were ready for everything - which is slightly unusual - Anyway no big deal, we ordered and service started to decline from there.  As our entrees arrived I had the steak and asked for medium, the steak was rare and chewy, not very good, but I couldn't ask for it to be cooked a bit more for the server was no where to be found!  My boyfriend asked for a beer when dinner arrived and he didn't get that beer till we ordered desert, as for his food he said it was good but it didn't WOW him. At first they kept up with the water refills, but then the waiter and whomever the other person is that was filling it stopped coming around? But, I decided to order desert since last time it was delicious, I got the chocolate mousse which had I believe a chocolate gelatin on top which I was NOT a fan of, but the mouse was delicious, when the waiter came back and asked how it was, I said interesting and that I didn't care for the gelatin part but that the mousse was delicious he looked at me as if disgusted, and that pretty much summed up for me that I would not return for dinner here.  For the money I first wasn't treated very well by the waiter, and the food was just okay for the pricing.  I was expecting much more from this restaurant.The food, service, decor are all spot on!  Recommend the shrimp cocktail and the cheesecake for sure!This is a review for the 2 hours I spent here for CC Sips. 
The Sips menu was alright on paper, with two types of Sangria, house wine, beer, and apps.
First off, the place was packed to the brim for Sips.  No place to sit, but we found a nice place to chill out on the balcony.  
I had the Sangria and wine.  The red sangria was a travesty, and I'm sad that I spent 4 bucks on it. The white sangria was pretty tasty, so remember that if you go.  We didn't get a chance to try the apps because of the crowd, but they looked good (sliders, calamari, etc)
Brad's rating (out of 5):
Drinks: 3
Price: 5
Decor: 4 (beautiful space, even nicer at night for dinner)
Service: 4
Wild card: We got the last drinks at 7pm and about 1 dozen people in line behind us were cut off. Gotta love little victoriesWOW! WOW! WOW!
It is just GORGEOUS in there! so far it has been one of the best restaurant I have been to. The decor was just very beautiful and elegant. I could picture a wedding venue there. 
There's a bar in the middle, we were sat in the back, where there was a pearl which looked like a necklage that hung from the ceiling. The view was just amazing!! the vibe was incredible!!
We went for restaurant week and had the prefix course. The food was great !!
Overall it is a great ambience and very romantic type of restaurant. Too bad I didn't go with my boyfriend, or it would have been a 5 star3.5 stars for the food
2 for the view
6 for the service
The food was good but not as amazing for such a pricey restaurant.  However, XIX sure makes a banging butternut squash soup.  My friend claimed that the monkfish was amazing.  The tenderloin I had was soft but had a slightly burnt skin.  Dessert was quite good though.  The chocolate cake was super thick and espresso-y tasting.  The lemon lycee parfait was funny at first but after the first couple of bites - delicious.
The view wasn't spectacular but that may have been because of where we were sitting.
The service earns this place its four stars.  The waiters and waitresses were quite attentive and extremely pleasant!Went for restaurant week. Appetizer: I ordered steak ceviche- barely had any flavor at all; super bland. For entree i ordered grouper- way over cooked and barely spiced; rubbery & bland. Dessert was ok.My absolute favorite thing about this restaurant is the location! At the top of the Hyatt, it offers spectacular views of the city. If you go at the night, the view is absolutely magical.
The cocktails are delicious. I ordered a cosmo with grey goose l'orange at the bar, and it was delicious per usual, and the bartender did not skimp on the vodka. Once seated, I perused the wine list. I was in the mood for white, and others at my table were not, so I chose the Ferrari Carrano fume blanc by the glass. This fume blanc is one of my favorite whites, so I was a happy camper.
I started with the XIX salad. The brioche croutons were divine, absolutely divine. I ordered the steak frites as my entree, not really knowing what to expect, but it was delicious as well. My hanger steak was cooked to a perfect medium, and the fries were perfectly hot and crispy.
I was too full to order dessert, but I did try a bite of my friend's chocolate cake. It was really fantastic, and I would definitely order it next time (as long as I haven't stuffed myself like I did this time).
I would highly recommend XIX for restaurant week, or for a special date night, or for a special occasion. The food is definitely worth the price tag.XIX is like meeting a Brad Pitt look-alike only to discover what a douchebag he is and wanting to get away ASAP!  XIX is all about the aesthetics and nothing else to offer in terms of good food. The waiter recommended a dish that was basically breaded chicken breast with no seasoning served with fries and ranch dipping sauce. Of all the things on the menu he picked this bland and mushy dish. Maybe he does not like to eat in general. The $10 onion soup was very salty. The pasta dish also too salty and was like chewing on shoestrings and the seafood was overcooked. The food does not match up with the price or atmosphere. Why are they serving Denny's style food in such a nice setting?? Not all the great ambiance in the world would bring me back to this place.Always the perfect prequel to any center city dinner spot. The drink are phenomenal! I had the strawberry & cream & loveded itttt. Loved it so much I had to get a second one even though I was only supposed to hv one drink on my way to dinner at Morton's. The atmosphere is great, today's weather was perfect for the high windows and city skyline as the backdrop. I always feel welcomed and look forward to the scene.Fantastic food, really knowledgeable and friendly staff, and a great location with a view.  Only if the price isn't what it is.  (it was really a toss up between 5 and 4 stars)
I was seated immediately by the window and was attended right away too.  I had several dishes that I couldn't decide and the waiter (Wilma or Wilmar) really went over every one of them in detail to help me.  In the end, I really was very happy I made the decisions based on his opinions and recommendations. Sadly you can only eat so many dishes in one sitting - this means I have to go back to try a couple of additional dishes.
Octopus salad.  We all know that ingredients like octopus or scallops are very difficult to serve well.  A little undercooked, it is raw.  (If you are meant to eat certain things raw, then that's one thing but if you cook to serve something then you have to properly cook it) A little overcooked, it becomes rubbery.  Octopus was cooked to perfection.  And it was served with potatoes, arugula, grilled pepper and pleasantly sour dressing.  So many amazing mini explosions in your mouth! 
Sea bass.  Served over wild rice and presented with coconut milk (which is spiced with curry spice) based jus.  Bass is cooked just right so you can eat skin too and the natural sweetness of coconut milk mixed with just enough curry spice (It is not too strong so you don't feel like eating an Indian dish) adds it a great flavor.
Sadly I was so full at this point that I did not have any room left for dessert...The food was great. The service was great. Our waiter Rashid was overly accomodating. This was refreshing after a long work week.The food was delicious. The atmosphere was quiet and beautiful. The service was phenomenal. Rasheed was our waiter and he did a fabulous job. We would highly reccomend this restaurant!Not sure where to begin.  We had a reservation 6:30 reservation for 10.  we arrived separately, but were not allowed to be seated until all guest were present (odd, but we did not complain).  By 6:40 we were seated by the hostess, who was very nice while addressing us, but was otherwise loud and inappropriate, dancing around and joking with other co-workers with language that belied the atmosphere.  The server was very well spoken and extremely friendly, but it was clear that he was the only one serving the entire room.  As gracious as he was, he was also a bit flustered as he buzzed from table to table.  We ordered 2 bottles of wine, and after a longer than expected wait, the server apologized and informed us that they were out of both selections.   
The restaurant continued to fill up quickly, and the server obviously asked the hostess to pitch in, which helped us out with refills on drinks, but did nothing to get our food to us in a timely manner.  The lobster risotto was oily and overcooked, the salmon was tasteless and who chooses chick-peas as a side?  As the evening progressed, we saw our server less and less as he went from table to table greeting other guests and taking orders.  The hostess was running around trying to help, but they both just seemed overwhelmed, earning our pity, but also our disappointment.  Our capacinos were luke warm, and the chocolate cheesecake was no prize winner.  By the evening's end, our table was exhausted by the wait, by the witness of a server who should have added rollerskates to his uniform, and by the substandard food presentation. On a bright note, the waiter pointed out that the gratuity had already been added, which is a huge plus.  I have had experiences elsewhere where I did not notice until the next day, and was never made aware of it before hand. 
 This was our first experience, but as nice as the staff was, Restaurant XIX just didn't cut it for us.Wonderful lunch spread!  They have an a la carte menu or you can choose the buffet option - there's an appetizer/dessert buffet and you choose your entree from a selection 5-7 items.  Such a good deal.
Ambiance is elegant and sexy.  If I didn't work in  the 'burbs, this would definitely be my frequent lunch spot.I have been coming to XIX for so long the bartender Steven will give me a hard time about any gaps of time greater than a few weeks. I sometimes crave the wasabi pea and pretzel combo they freshly scoop for you as a bar snack. I taunt my height fearing boyfriend by luring him on to the balconies with the promise (and truth) of some fantastic Philadelphia views.
XIX to me is more reputable as a bar than a restaurant despite my having dined here several times. I may do a separate update on the food with a different star rating but let's talk lounge.
The lounge is everything you've dreamed a swanky hotel bar could be. Located on the top floor of the Bellevue on Broad street the bar hosts a wonderful view of Philadelphia situated in a cozy and intimate space. There are several booths, overstuffed chairs, and a fireplace that is often glowing. You don't come here for a fancy cocktail menu, you come here to drink from the impressive bourbon and scotch selection.
Bar snacks tend to change fairly often and are reasonably priced considering the venue. The table service can be a bit slow and isn't nearly as friendly as the bar staff. To be fair I find this true with a lot of places. 
Take a date you enjoy snuggling with and settle in for a romantic evening. If you are looking for a more low key and private night do avoid XIX on the weekends as weddings will often clear out and stick around into the wee hours. If you're looking to do some post wedding crashing get dressed up and you'll have a blast!Stopped in for after dinner drinks on a Saturday night.
The hostess asked to wait for a table that was about to get up and leave. No problem at all...until another group of patrons who were seated at the bar raced over to the seats that she was preparing for us. Instead of explaining to them that those seats were reserved we had to go back to waiting. We waited another 5 minutes and ended up with much better seats anyway (window view) so no hard feelings there.
The table confusion must have extended to the wait staff because after we were seated it took 15 minutes to have the table cleared of the dirty glasses, crumpled napkins and plates. 
After that another 10 minutes before a waitress came over to take our order. 
15 more minutes to get said drink order. Drinks were OK, nothing to write home about. 
20 minutes after the first (and, needless to say only, round) to get a check. 
That's an hour for one round of drinks, but who's counting... 
The good:
Amazing views, very nice decor. 
The bad:
Excruciatingly slow service. For all the wait and all the $$$ the drinks were nothing setting the world on fire. 
The only thing keeping this from a one-star experience is the panoramic city view. If it's weren't for the location I can't imagine this place would still have the doors open. I'd MAYBE go back but be prepared to walk out and head downstairs to the Palm.I came here on Sunday to have some me time with a few of my girlfriends. The atmosphere is very chill and relax.beautiful beautiful place. so classy and the view of Philly from here is breath taking! I was here for my birthday, it was a Wednesday night, and we ran into Mayor Nutter =] fancy fancy fancy. I've never ate there, but I've had many a drink there. It is pricey and I always feel under dressed. Also, just a but of trivia, Legionnaires' disease started in the Bellvue (where XIX is) in 1976. But no worries, no more bacteria in the air that'll cause a respiratory disease.very cool place for a pre-dinner drink - the enormous windows and high ceilings just make it feel so elegant.
awkward place to go for a pr-dinner drink if the rest of the place is empty, because then you just look like a stuffy alcoholic
and I am not stuffyThis is a drinks review only, so I am giving it 3 stars! Celebrated the holiday season with my sister and brother in law here last night. The ambience was cozy and the window shades were open, so we could see the Philadelphia skyline. It has been years since I have eaten a meal here, but I did love last night. I was boring and only drank prosecco, but my drinking partners had a few of the signature drinks, which they loved. Prices are a bit steep for Happy Hour, but they did keep the wasabi peas and pretzel balls stocked at our table.Disappointed. We had reservations for 4:30PM on Thanksgiving Day for the buffet dinner. We were seated at 5:10PM; a really nice woman gave up her lounge seat to my mother; aged 86. We were one of maybe fifty or sixty people waiting to be seated for our reservations. My husband walked to the bar and ordered us some drinks while we bided our time. Way over booked and unprepared for the crowd.
Finally after our forty minute wait we were brought to the nicest room in the restaurant and had a wonderful hostess, server and buffet setup staff experience; I tipped a full 20% even though it was a buffet. The noise prevented much dialog with elderly people but the good news was it was so loud we couldn't hear any of the tables next to us either.
The raw bar was good but some of the oysters were not edible and the crab claws were overcooked. The raw bar was a surprise to us since their website had no menu or any clues as to what was being served at the buffet.
The turkey was marginal, the grouper way overcooked, the stuffing inedible and no mashed potatoes. Salads were OK but way overdressed. Fennel was awesome; some of the best I've ever had. We didn't try the Prime Rib.
Desserts were fine; a lot of choices but they were out of plates and didn't have enough serving pieces. The ones they did have were sticky and icky by the time I had dessert. 
I would never go back again and risk the management issues we had for this $360 dinner for four.I hate to give a bad review for the place I proposed to my wife a few years ago but things have gone downhill for XIX.  Two and a half years ago I proposed on the balcony of this restaurant and remember everything from her saying yes to the decor to the dinner was excellent.  The decor is the same but things have changed.
Atmosphere:  First and foremost this restaurant is beautiful.  Besides the incredible views from the 19th floor every detail is perfect.  If reviews were based on looks alone, this would be 5 stars.  Unfortunately they are not.
Food:  The last time I was here in Nov the menu was completely different.  Last night I found out that since then they have a new chef and completely new menu.  The menu is like a restaurant totally unsure of which direction to take.  Fish and Chips next to Cioppino with a Raw Bar, a Steak, Poultry and Fish menu, and a cheeseburger.  Anyway the 6 of us order.  A ceasar salad that looked like it was from TGI Fridays (no anchovies on top or in the dressing?), mussels that were very tasty, jumbo shrimp that were excellent, overpriced parma ham, and a gazpacho (also ok).  For dinner 3 of us had the cioppino over bucatini.  The seafood on top was very good.  Very fresh.  The sauce was some kind of white wine and butter sauce.  To call this Cioppino is a total mistake.  Cioppino is a tomato based sauce.  This was so laden with butter I could not eat much of the pasta because I fear what my stomach would have felt like later.  The other diners had the Red Snapper (meh), the NY Strip (pretty good, but for the same price other steak houses are much better), and ahi tuna (best thing of the evening).  Overall the food was ok but not worth the price.
Service:  Terrible!  They took drink orders and got almost every persons drink mixed up (pouring martinis for the wrong guest and then trying to move it across the table without spilling), and the only drink that took no effort, the wine, was served 5 minutes after everyone else.  Waiter was all over the place not know answers to questions.  Dinners were served timely, however desert took so long that at one point I asked another guest if they were out finding a goat to make the goat cheese ice cream (surprisingly good).  Lastly, they added a 20% gratuity because we were a party of 6.  Is that why the service was terrible?  Because they already knew they would get a tip?  Regardless, what happened to the days of an 18% grat and I could decide if I wanted to up it to 20% or more
Overall, unless something significantly changes, I can't go back again.  There are too many much better options in this city.