I gave it one star because it doesn't give me an option to give it zero. This place sucks. Where should I start?? Okay, arrived at 7 pm with reservations and was seated in the dungeon. Fine. We ordered queso fundido with chorizo and got a weird looking cheese skillet with tortillas NOT chips. Odd! So had to ask for chips. Should've asked for a trash can. So we asked for some salsa to dress it up a bit -- that took an hour and I'm not exaggerating! The salsa was a thick mushy mess. Could turn the bowl upside down and nothng would've come out. Our food took an hour and a half, too. By that time, we were full on chips -- which were the only good thing on the menu! Oh... My favorite part... I ordered a side of beans and rice to go with my carne asada tacos -- which were more like unseasoned beef tips -- and I got a bowl of hard WHITE rice with refried beans on top. WHITE rice??? Seriously?!
Terrible! Dont waste your time. Taco Bell serves better food than this and that isn't saying much! Service was just as bad!!I thought this place was great. We stopped in for a few drinks and a plate to share and were happy with everything, especially the tacos and margaritas.Hanging out in Society Hill rarely happens for me, due to the saturation of wonderful bars and restaurants in my own neighborhood, but the urging of multiple friends and a birthday party finally brought me over to "So-Cheet" last night.
We hung out in the cozy, dark basement lounge, which was pretty great.  From 10-12 on Saturdays (and maybe Thursdays and Fridays as well?) they have a late night happy hour.  The special was $5 house margaritas.  While that may not sound like the most amazing deal to happy hour cheapskates, trust me - it is.  Sauza blanco, hand-squeezed lime juice, and simple syrup made for a tasty drink.  I like when you can actually taste the tequila in a 'rita.
While we weren't here for a full meal, we did try a few of the snacks:
-queso fundido: Delicious melted chihuahua cheese, served with piping hot fresh tortillas, mushrooms, pickled red onions, and peppers. I really loved those red onions.  I could bring home a jar of those.
-the chicharrones: pork rinds served with a dangerously spicy salsa verde.  Again, amazing.
Service was attentive and friendly, and a DJ was spinning hip hop and funk.  I had a really great time here, and have to come back for a full dinner.The best Mexican in the city, hands down. 
A little pricey but great happy hour specials. 
My favorite part is the guacamole, which you get to customize by selecting what you want added from a checklist. 
The staff is friendly too and very knowledge of the lengthy tequila list.Went here on a weekday evening when my brother and his girlfriend decided to make the trek to Philly for dinner with me and my fiancé. They rarely visit so picking an awesome restaurant- a task assigned to me as the Philly resident- was very important. 
Xochitl did not disappoint. The vibe is understated Old City- totes relaxing, trendy but traditional, doesn't take itself too seriously but your server knows everything about the menu and food and drink is masterfully executed. 
The guacamole was fantastic (if it wasn't, I wouldn't even bother to post a review...) which is a basic requirement for Mexican restaurants. Check. 
Since we were feeling poor that night, my fiancé and I went with tacos rather than a full-on entree. Fish tacos-can you make them spicy? Um, yeah.  Melt in your mouth. Spicy brisket tacos- also very tasty. There were no leftovers. Our server and bartender colluded to prepare a dessert drink for us, a little shot of tiramisu liqueur goodness. And it was perfect. 
I still can't say the name of this place correctly but I will definitely be back and I would recommend it to others. Mexican food done right is such a treat, and so nice to find in a fun place that has cool staff who can really deliver for a semi special occasion. 
When I go back. I am looking forward to trying one of the ceviches...I was really hoping they would do something nice with this location, since it was my beloved old favorite spot to go to by myself. This is the old Filo's, I spent many nights there having a few drinks,  listening and dancing to great music by the Worship crew, then walking home. 
We decided to check this place out one Friday night when a friend from out of town was visiting. It was the perfect atmosphere and food in the downstairs lounge area. The music the dj was playing was great and funky, yet not too loud, so that we could still hold a conversation. The food was spectacular, we had the Ceviche de Callos con Sandia (watermelon and scallop ceviche), I wasn't sure what to expect, it was not like the typical ceviche I have had before, but it was delicious. We also had the Queso Fundido, one with chorizo and the other with mushrooms. They were both devine!
They also have a reverse happy hour special in the lounge: Thursday - Saturday, 10pm-12am. We had some tasty margaritas (although not the best I have had, but good enough for the price), and we were feeling really nice by the time we left there, not too full, it was the perfect amount of food, and we still had some $ in our pocket!
I am definitely looking forward to going back to Xochitl.Best margaritas around, freshly made (not concentrate or artificial tasting sour mixes) from real limes. Best of all, only $5 at late night or after-work happy hour.  Definitely my new favorite special.
Guacamole is awesome and the spicy salsa they serve it with adds the perfect kick. I also had the squid hot-pot which was tasty, but I could probably eat dinners here of just the guac.oh.  my.  god.  i went here for south street's "restaurant week" (3 courses, 30$) last weekend and it was amazing.  And that should say a lot considering that a lot of restaurants use restaurant weeks to half-assedly  crank out dishes for the masses in an assembly-line manner.  
But not here.
every dish was excellent, and even artistic!  I had the avocado ceviche, barbacoa (perfectly cooked), and chocolate souffle cake with cajeta ice cream.  We also ordered the custom-made guacomole for the table; a server came out and made it for us right at the table. And just as swiftly as he had made it, the four of us devoured it.  SO good.  And the waitress was super-attentive and more than willing to offer recommendations.
On top of everything, the place has a very cool atmosphere and is on a stretch of south street which is very pretty, especially on a temperate spring/summer night--perfect for a little post-dinner stroll or if you're en route to some bar hopping later.
Try this place--you won't regret it.I wanted somewhere new for Cinco de Mayo and had never been here. 
Overall, it was okay. I liked how you could customize the guacamole-adding crab, tomatoes, garlic, etc but I thought the guac was a little bland still. The chicken tacos were good but nothing special. The margaritas were also just okay-maybe I'm used to flavored ones.
Would I come back here? Yes. Would it be my first choice for Mexican? No.The food was exceptional; but, we our entire visit was 2 1/2 hours long.
It was Monday, December 28th, 2015 and we had a reservation for 7 people at 6:45pm.
The place was packed, which made us very excited to be there; it looked like people were really enjoying themselves! So, we were very optimistic.
We were seated, immediately. But, we noticed something almost immediately; there was only 1-2 servers AND they had continuous drinks to refill and grab from the bar.
The manager was running drinks and food, too.
We ordered drinks with appetizers after about 20 minutes of waiting. We didn't receive out appetizers for an additional 25 minutes (so we are about 45 minutes, now).
During our wait for the drinks and appetizers, we did manage to order our food.
We finally received our dinner orders at 8:00 PM (almost 2 whole hours of being there). At this point, most of our party had 2-3 drinks in them from the bar.
We all at very quickly because we waited so long and were hungry.
But, we still had to wait for the final bill. This took another 30 minutes.
Again, exceptional food (seriously), but the service was a 1 out of 5.At Xochitl, I had both the best of food and the worst of drinks which is why I only gave it 3 stars. I had the best Spicy Brisket Taco. Ever. The Esquites is divine. However, the Shrimp Chile Nogada was just ok (wouldn't order again) and they make the WORST basic margaritas I have ever had. I realize margaritas aren't exactly old world Mexico and authentic to the culture pre mid 1930's or 40's, but if you are going to taut your margs, at least try. The atmosphere is quaint in the historic district and the servers helpful, though not very attentive.The food was delicious . The staff was friendly . The tacos were to "die" for. I can't say anything bad about this place. The atmosphere was great  . I would highly recommend this place to anyone.Went here for Restaurant Week 2012, reservations through opentable, everything went smoothly. Greeted by the awesome staff that was very patient as it took me forever to get my coat off. They explained the menu and were very friendly answering all my questions. 
The food was awesome. I had the short rib which came with a potato patty and grilled veggies. I havent had such a delicious potato patty since my aunt passed away yeeeaars ago, it was so good tears were pretty close. Guacamole: amazing! we added crab.. SO good. the doughnuts? AHHHHH! kill me now! i wanted like 15 more but i was so stuffed.
By far the best restaurant week I've been to! This will become a regular spot for me. There isn't a single bad thing about this place. Even the small bathroom was cute and adorable. This is a must go-to place!xochitl, the BAR you go to for ridicu-potent and tasty margaritas, some snackie things and a tequila-fueled  night of regret ... YES. 
xochitl, the RESTAURANT you go to for an impressively cooked meal that is worth the somewhat overpriced expense for mexican food ... NOT SO MUCH.  
they do serve some of the finest margaritas in the city. they are, as rumored, strong and should be consumed with caution. and the guac, though very high at $9, is incredible. each table has a guac card that you can use to customize the ingredients you'd like to add to your guac, including jalapenos, garlic, tomatoes, peppers, oaxaca, and so many other things. i only say that it's steep at $9 because you don't get much in quantity, but it's fair considering the cost of avocados. 
the food was quite the disappointment.  years ago (before the menu revamp), the food was incredible. i still remember one of the duck entrees i had there as being the best duck i have ever eaten. HOWEVER, the same cannot be said now.  
we had 2 people in our group order the $26 braised short rib. and they did not even finish it. the meat was dry and a bit bland -  totally tragic. 
the rest of our table had tacos - the carne asada, the carnitas and the fish. these were solid. honestly, there wasn't anything to complain about, but they weren't particularly memorable either. 
the tacos ranged from $13-16 and included 3 tacos. of the ones we tried, i'd say the fish tacos were my favorite. 
this is the upside though. considering the dearth of options fish taco lovers have in this city, if you're having a serious fish taco craving, xochitl is a reliable bet. the fish is not breaded/fried and it tastes very fresh, citrusy and the slaw gives it great crunch.Just like the last reviewer wrote, I don't revisit a restaurant often but this place keeps me coming back.  I don't know if it is the cool bar staff, the flights of tequila that are very reasonably priced or the food.  Each time i go I try something different and it never fails that it is good..... well the whole blood sausage things is a little freaky so I stay away.  
We had a a table for three but decided to sit at the bar and watch the Eagles get rocked.   It was one of those nights where you are out with a few people who have not seen for awhile, have great drinks, have great food and just a good time out.  I recommend going for anyone who wants to try something different....
-on a side note, for those of us who remember Filo's occupying this spot as a club this place has come a long way. LOL if you catch my drift.Came here to celebrate a friend's birthday. It was a party of 12 during restaurant week. Needless to say it was a lot of plates for many guests. The service was amazing! And we did not wait a lot for the food to arrive. 
The food was wonderful! Very delicious and flavorful. Everyone was content with their dish.Went last night for dinner. We had not been there since the casual makeover. I like that the place has opened up, they knocked the wall that separated the bar from the dining area down. I also like that the prices have been lowered. 
We had early reservations and were seated promptly. Our server was very eager and a little awkward, but at least the effort was there. 
We started with the guacamole made table-side, which was delicious and fresh. We also had the queso fundido with chorizo and it was addictive! 
The entrees were a let down, however and that is why I cannot give more stars. At fairly steep prices, compared to apps, I expected greatness. We had the fried chicken with rice and it was bland atop some gummy rice concoction. Just meh. We also had a seafood special that was equally uninspired. 
I agree with Meghan C. that the margaritas do pack a punch and they are not too sweet, which was good for me. They also have some great Mexican beers on draft - my husband enjoyed a few Negro Modelos. 
Overall, I think this would be a great place for drinking and snacking, but the entrees are to be missed.My boyfriend and I were looking for some good Mexican food for his birthday, and since I missed the boat on getting a reservation at El Vez I figured we would give this a try. The reviews seemed okay and everyone said that the drinks were really good. 
Not at all true....
To start with, we ordered the guacamole. I have had a lot of different kinds and make it myself at home, and this was incredibly bland with not a lot of flavor.  I ordered the Carnitas Tacos and my boyfriend got the Brisket Tacos (special of the day). They were all right, but the waiter told us right off the bat he would recommend a side since they were small portions.  We didn't end up eating any of our side since they were so big, we each only finished two tacos! 
The most disappointing part of this whole experience was the drinks.  I got the Classic Mojito (which I have also had and made many times before) and he got the Mexican style Mojito, that apparently is with cilantro and tequilla instead of rum and mint.  The first batch were really delicious, so we ordered another round. Not at ALL the same drink.  They looked very different, but mainly they didn't taste at all similar.  Very very sweet and acidic, way too bitter.  We politely called the waiter over and asked if the bartender wouldn't mind remaking them since the first drinks we had were very different, and he obliged. A few seconds later the bartender came back and told us she remade the drinks but tasted them and they tasted exactly how they should be.  She was very condescending and rude (My boyfriend and I have both worked in customer service before...when customers are being polite in their complaints, there is no need to be rude back) and said she would make the drink for us 10 times if we wanted but it wouldn't be any different. She said that they first AMAZING drink we had must have been made wrong.  She kept asking us how they were different and we had trouble explaining to her exactly what to change, so we decided to let it go and asked for the check. Yes, we still got charged for the shitty drinks that we left on our table. 
For a tequilla bar who is apparently known for their drinks, the inconsistency is frightening.  I was very disappointed in the entire experience, not what I was planning for the first birthday that my boyfriend and I spent together.The food here is pretty solid but the prices can be steep, especially if you're ordering a bunch of margaritas.
If you're looking for affordable and divey, check out all the Mexican joints near 9th and Washington.
But they do offer some inventive dishes:
- Ceviche is pretty good
- Custom guacamole (try with black truffles)
- Tamales
- Fish or Brisket tacosI've been here several times and it's always great!  The custom-made guacamole is amazing...we will go out of our way to come here and have a drink and guacamole as an app even before going out to eat elsewhere!  
Entrees recommended: Pollo Frito, Seafood Enchiladas, El Dorado.
Drinks: Blood Orange Margarita, El Pepino (must try if you like spicy drinks), La Colima (seasonal pineapple infused tequila).Very, very good food. I got the chicken tacos - it was a very big portion and was delicious. Build your own guac was good but expensive. Elotes were pretty good, but I probably wouldn't get them again. They had really good margaritas (got the blood orange one). Boyfriend got the brisket enchiladas and he said that the charro beans tasted home-made and were his favorite part. We will definitely be returning.Restaurant Week '13
Drinks - Two flights of tequila supplied by greasy man hitting on us - AWESOME. The only issue was once we were done with the tequila our server was supposed to get us margaritas with our choice of tequila. She was so busy that we never got the chance to really flag her down. Not the end of the world, partially our fault. 
Moving on.
The quacamole was so buttery! We just ordered it sort of plain with jalapenos, cilantro and tomatoes. 
I got the empanada app which was very good. The chicken inside had a lot of flavor and the crust was perfectly crusty. I got the short ribs for my main and forgive me because I forget what it came with, but everything was good. Definitely a solid three for the dinner.
The dessert was just weird. I wanted to be adventurous. But I guess sweet/spicy sauce and chocolate just don't do it for me. I took one taste of the chocolate tart and instantly wanted to vomit. That has never happened to me before and I was embarassed by my poor choice!!! My dining companion chose the better dessert - the mango mousse cake something or other, and that was sweet!
I could go back for happy hour, but there are other Mexican places I need to try before.Xochitl is located in Society Hill, on a super pretty brick street. The picturesque street is an ideal location for this intimate space. The restaurant  has a fabulous bar, with a daily happy hour (including $6 margaritas) at the bar. There is a a sunken dining room with lots of wooden tables and warm colors.
The service is great, and the staff is very friendly. I've also heard great things about the Molcajete Dinner for 2, which is available Sunday-Thursday, and includes make your own tacos of various proteins.
We started the meal with some customized Guacamole ($9). Each table in the dining room is set with a guacamole form and pencil in order to complete a checklist of ingredients and mix ins. We chose to have ours made with cilantro. chipotle, cotija cheese, plum tomato, and roasted garlic. The guacamole comes to the table in a heaping bowl with a sprinkling of cotija cheese resembling snow on top. The guacamole has a nice briny taste, along with a pop of citrus, offsets the saltiness. It's very creamy, but still has the house made chunky consistency. There's an aftertaste of spicy heat without too much of a bite. Instead there's a building heat from the more mild chipotle pepper, and freshness from the cilantro. The fresh plum tomato gives a nice chewy change from the creaminess of the avocado on alternating bites, and the house made  tortilla chips gave a great crunch. Great way to start off the meal!
My friend ordered the Ahi Tuna Ceviche ($12) as her main meal. The ahi tuna itself was super fresh, sliced very thin, and came dressed in a citrus and guajillo chili marinade. The tuna is garnished with some micro cilantro and cucumber. The dish had a subtle heat from the guajillo chilis and a punch of flavor from the marinade, which was refreshing and helped cut through the richness of the avocado and cheese. The dish only came with three yucca chips, but there were plenty of leftover chips from the guacamole to scoop up the rest of the tuna.
I opted for a far less healthy, but super delicious entree choice - the Pollo Frito ($23). I ordered the half a chicken portion that was cut into four individual pieces with a sweet and spicy chili sauce drizzle. The three day preparation, including brining, steaming and frying, gave the chicken a nice crispy skin, but kept the meat especially moist. The chili drizzle did not detract from the crispness of the skin, and actually highlighted the juiciness of the meat.
The dish is usually accompanied with corn bread and chipotle creamed spinach. The spinach is somewhat liquidy from the cream without being watery. In addition, the spinach has a pleasant heat and is a great rendition of a classic dish. This time I decided to substitute esquites, or Mexican street corn, in place of the spinach. The esquites complemented the cornbread nicely, and the corn was not overcooked. It maintained a small bit of crunch, and an overall richness from the cream, and a subtle background like flavor. of lime. There was no overt heat in the corn, which was a bit of a relief from the spiciness of the meal. The corn had an amazingly addictive quality to it though, and made me come back more and more. The dusting of cotija on top was a nice garnish. The cornbread had chunks of fresh corn throughout, and generous pad of melted butter. It came out as an individual loaf--freshly baked and hot from the oven.
Xochitl has a great vibe--perfect for an intimate dinner or a group night out. Next time Im there, I'm going to try the Chocolate Tres Leches Cake--as long as I have enough room left in my stomach!Everything we had, from the appetizers to the entrees were finger-licking good. We also had glasses of both red and white sangria, and both were excellent and very strong.We frequent many restaurants in Philly, NYC and anywhere we travel. We'll do everything from upscale joints to greasy spoons (if recommended to us.) My #1 Mexican beyond compare has been Rosa Mexicano in NYC but I think I've found one here in Philly in the same league.
Xochitl was one we rolled the dice on and that roll came up "7." My better half loved the guacamole and I thought the mole chicken drumettes were fantastic. The highlight for me was the "takes three days to prepare" Pollo Fito. It had to be one of the tastiest, succulent, good to the bone chicken dishes I've ever had. This was NOT what I expected when I entered (and I mean that in the best possible way.) We will definitely be back to enjoy "So-cheet" again!Heard soooo many good things about this place. My GF and I decided to finally give it a try on Sunday evening. The decor was really nice and the bar setup was really cool. From the start our waitress was a bit off. She didn't know the size of the signature drinks (one would assume the $10 drink might be smaller than the $28 one. But it might just be the liquor). After we decided on our food, we were told the items we were considering were sold out (would of been nice to not get our hopes set and then be told it was sold out). Ordered the custom guacamole and red snapper ceviche. The guacamole is the only thing that made this review a 2 star review. I've made ceviche many times before. There was a very strong fish taste that not the guacamole, drinks or my entree could remove. Even as I write this I feel like I licked fish scales. GF got the salad which was bleh, dressing was bland. I got the short rib tacos. Short rib tasted like they took it out of a pot roast dish (no mexican seasoning) and the taco was impossible to hold as it was just too wet with the corn/cream topping. Our waitress never once came over to ask how the apps or even the entree were. But again, guacamole was good, if that's all you're looking for.Server was prompt but food and drinks were nothing special. There are many more authentic Mexican restaurants in the city to try before this place.I have been wanting to go here for a while, so I broke one of my personal cardinal rules and went for NYE. I was not disappointed. The food was great and I did not feel gouged by the menu. I had some pretty high expectations and as far as the food goes, they were exceeded. Our server was a bit overwhelmed, wanting pretty much minimal service anyway, there were no issues. There was a prix fixe menu in play so my date and myself shared the courses. The vegetable soup was fresh, clean and tasty. The plantain and venison sopa was a great combo and was excellent. We had Langostines with quince, mushrooms and vanilla-great combination. The pheasant was great-very delicious and moist with another wonderful combo of flavor. The vegetarian enchilada was filling and very fresh tasting with the correct amount of heat from the ancho chills. Dessert was much awaited and we were very happy with our selections nog panna cotta and chocolate tamale, both were delicious. I hope to return soon and cannot wait to try the menu with no limitations.Best guac ever!!! Love this spot I come here all the time. Really good happy hour too.I came here on a whim the other night and really loved it. I had the tuna ceviche, which I found to be more of a tiny tartare taco, but still yummy. There was popcorn on my plate and I couldn't understand why, but it was good. I also had the tortilla soup(not the actual name, but that's what it was), and never have I felt more fancy eating soup! An oval bowl with tortilla and avocado and something else(queso fresco?) came out, and then they brought the soup itself in a pitcher and poured it over for me at my place setting. I tried lots of drinks, but in this 90 degree weather I have really been into the girly fruity stuff, so I loved the white sangria the best. I didn't expect to feel so welcome and comfortable here just based on its buzz and rave reviews. The staff was all very nice, in fact I wasn't even sure the people out front worked there until they opened the door for me, and my bartender saw me out the next night and gave me a hug, I will be back to eat and drink more more more.Michael Solomonov does modern Mexican with local ingredients, in a colorfully decorated, inviting dining space with a lively bar area. The food is excellent, the servers are friendly and attentive.
Happy hour is a great deal. It goes from 5-7pm every day for $5 margaritas, $3 draft beer specials, and $6 Guero specials-- I had myself a marg, and it is a very stiff drink, so perfect if you've had a tough day at work or just want an early start to the night.  
Good guac is difficult to find on the East Coast, but Xochitl is known for its fresh guac with cotija cheese, prepared tableside with mortar and pestle. Chunky, delicious, and it's got a little bit of a kick to it if you let them add the red peppers (you can always request that they leave them out, but they don't make the guac overwhelmingly spicy).   
If you're getting guac anyway (and why wouldn't you?), note that the "El Sabor" special is offered daily, and it's a steal as long as the entire table has enough of an appetite for it. For $32, each person gets the guac, along with an appetizer and an entree (no menu item off limits). We weren't hungry enough to for it when we came, but the next time I know I'm coming to Xochitl, I'll try to plan ahead a little better to take advantage of this prix fixe option. 
For an entree, I got the Salmon marinated in achiote (a reddish seed with a bit of an earthy flavor) served over poblano crema,fava beans, and yuca tots. The fish was perfectly cooked... juicy but with a little bit of crispiness on the outside, and everything else was also tasty. 
Alas, I wish I had saved room for dessert. But there are several reasons to go back again, so perhaps I'll get to try the Postres another time.Love the bar. Great Tequila selection, and better drinks. 
Food is great and creative. Seating upstairs is ok, downstairs is a different story. Get a seat at the bar if you're into the drinks, for there is no wait-service downstairs and the bar is smaller than my closet. So, unless you play Center for the Sixers, you're gonna wait to get a drink downstairs.
I recommend a 'flight' of Tequilas. Ask the bartender for advice if needed, they know what they're talking about here. 
Been here when its empty and bar is to ourselves, and on a busy Sat night..opt for the prior if you can. DJ sometimes (call ahead).With so many great reviews, there was no doubt in my mind that this was the place would be a hit.  It was my first visit here and unfortunately my last.  Walking in the receptionist wss very nice and sat us right away.   Unfortunately the table was so small it left me wondering how we would fit any of our plates on it.  The devote was nice and had a rustic feel.  I ordered the fish tacos with a side of rice & beans. My s/o ordered the steak or perhaps the beef tacos ( I cant remember the name). The food presentation was very nice but there was very little food which would have been ok it it was offset by big flavor.   However, the food was bland and needed salt among other spices.  I grew up near the Mexican border and know my Mexican food.  If your looking for an authentic spot or at least food with flavor... this is not itwe stumbled upon this place because we were in the neighborhood and using the Yelp app. there were so many good reviews we figured we would give it a shot and made a reservation. we went to the bar for a drink first and the bartender was such a good dude that we decided to stay at the bar for our meal. the cocktails were pretty solid and the food was fantastic. definitely get the guacamole when you go.You can customize your guacamole. You have many choices of add ins. We added roasted garlic and tomato and crab. Muy muy bueno. Oh and the margaritas were perfect.We ended up at Xochitl almost by accident. It was a very pleasant surprise. Good food, great menu, great service. It might a little on the pricey side, but not too expansive. 
If you are into tequila and/or margarita they have an amazing selection.I just call it "shittle". They were asking for it. I like their spicy fruity drink.Delicious, delicious, delicious. A mix of unique ingredients and flavors is to die for. Fresh plates. Smaller size dishes, but very filling. Colorful. I loved it! I will be going back a lot!Great Margaritas.   Fresh Guacamole is perfect.   The menu interesting and food well prepared.  Good service.  I need to come early because I can't stand the LOUD noise from the diners.While Xochitl has some good menu items, notably a phenomenal guacamole, I feel the prices are a little high and the portion sizes are  a tad small.  
With this said I can only give 3 stars. Xochitl is a solid Mexican food spot, I'm just not sure it's worth the price of admission..the staff is incredibly attentive.. almost ninja like.. I'd be drinking my water.. and put the glass down.. almost immediately it was refilled.. like out of the blue.. They were just very nice..
The tableside guac was delish.. I love how you can decide how much of certain items or if at all would be put... fresh guacamole holds a special place in my heart, especially when accompanied by house made chips. 
I also ordered the fundido.. it was delicious.. very flavorful.. 
My friend got the sopa azteca, and the chicken and rice she liked the soup, although she did complain that because the cheese was cubed, she couldn't taste it in every bite. Despite that she enjoyed it. She ordered the chicken and rice and really enjoyed everything except the lime mayo.. 
With such fresh ingredients, it's hard to go wrong.I'm a fan of the margaritas and the sopas appetizers at Xochitl.  The bartenders are nice, the place has a fun atmosphere, it's clean and well run.  We always have a great time here.  The guacamole is delicious and homemade.LOVE, LOVE, LOVEEEE Xochitl.  The place is tiny but has one of my favorite margaritas in the city which is saying a lot!  I have sat at the bar there more than a couple times and love the fresh squeezed margaritas (no lime mix here) and the Michelada's and the bartenders are always charming.  Their happy hour runs from 5-7 and offers half-priced margaritas and beer specials.
I am a big fan of guacamole and Xochitl's is fresh which is a major plus in my book and has the right amount of lime and cilantro which a lot of places get wrong.  When I was in there last they had some sort of delicious cabbage stuffed enchilada dish but I don't see it on the current menu.  My dining partner had the goat dish and thought it was awesome and we shared the Sopa Azteca and it was quite good.  It's not cheap mexican but if you're looking for amazing food and drinks in a great, comfy atmosphere I would definitely check out Xochitl!This was hands down one of the worst dining experiences that I've ever had in Philadelphia.  Ultimately, Xochitl gets one star because I do not have a "no star" option.  My friend and I dined here last night for restaurant week and had really been looking forward to it.  Neither of us had been before, so we thought Philadelphia's Restaurant Week would be a great place to give it a shot.  WRONG.
We arrived on time for our 7 pm reservation and were asked to wait in the bar area until our table was ready.  Not a problem.  And understandable on a Friday evening. Although the restaurant was not at capacity we didn't think twice about being asked to wait. About five minutes later, we were seated and our very nice server came to explain the menu and the customizable guacamole.  
We made our guacamole selection and placed the order for the remainder of our 3 courses.  As far as the food goes, the guacamole was the best thing we had.  I ordered sangria that was supposed to have peaches, but instead had grapes and apples.  I'm not saying that's impermissible, but it's totally different.  Lol.  Just saying.
Anyway, from there, the courses went down hill.  The four cheese empanadas were a bit undercooked.  My main course, which the waitress described as their signature dish, was ok but did not make a real impression.  And the dessert....the churros.  I thought that was a safe choice.  WRONG.  They're probably normally excellent, but when I bit into it instead of the lovely, sugary sweetness that I was expecting, I tasted onion and garlic and lots of other savory spices.  Perhaps they had a shortage of oil in the kitchen.  Who knows?  
BUT HERE'S THE REAL PROBLEM: Our waitress brought us the bill and we were winding down when the manager, Adam, came over to our table and said, "ladies, I hope you've enjoyed yourselves and that you will come again.  If you'd like to continue enjoying yourself, I suggest you go to the bar, but we need the table."  Now is probably when I should point out that there were other vacant tables in the dining room and that the couple next to us was in the process of leaving, But I digress.  Apparently there was some special reason why he needed our table.  So we proceed to stare at him like he was crazy.  He took that as his cue to continue talking.  He said, "we've been TRYING TO WORK AROUND YOU, but you've been here for THREE HOURS and we need the table."  We had not been there for three hours, it was slightly over two, and it was a four course meal. Moreover, we had to wait for our table.  Ultimately, however, if their primary concern is just turning tables and not providing a nice dining experience, then they shouldn't be in the restaurant business, nor should they participate in Restaurant Week.  
When we started gathering our belongings, my friend asked the manager to move because he was blocking her chair.  After which he said, "I don't allow people to talk to me like that."  This was unbelievable.   I have never been treated so poorly by a staff member at a restaurant...EVER.  I would not be able to recommend this establishment to my worst frenemy.Great time.  Rice and Manchego rocked.  Shredded pot tacos rocked.  Guac double rocked - very nice you can order to taste!!
House margaritas were disappointing.  Recommend upgrading or trying their specialty drinks!We went on a Friday night, about 6:30 pm.  When we got there they told us there were no tables available, so we sat at the bar.  At that point every table was available, but there were reservations for them.  
This was our first trip back to Xochitl since they re-did the menu.  We had only been once and thought the food was pretty good, so we were expecting even better.
After a few house margaritas at the bar, the bartender gave us a heads up that happy hour was over in 1 minute if anyone wanted a refill.  We thought that was pretty nice of her.
The four of us split 2 apps, which was enough food to whet our appetites before the main course.  The girls got fish tacos, the boys got pulled pork tacos and everyone shared.  After dinner we shared the churros which were not as good as I remember, though still good.
After we paid the check, the bartender offered us a free round of tequila shots before heading out - a great end to a great meal.  We left with enough food (but not too much) and a nice buzz.  I would go there again in a second.If you are looking for middle of the road Mexican, this place is for you.  I do not mean it is bad, the food is prepared well.  It is just not special; the service is good but not great.  The notable exception is the tequila, they had plenty of varieties, and they mixed their margaritas well.
So go, just do not expect exceptional.Yuu-UM! Great food, upbeat ambiance, great service...overall an amazing experience and restaurant! I loved that they played latin/spanish music! It is definitely a lively environment---amazing complement to the mexican cuisine served! 
For antojitos/appetizers: 
First, get the guacamole ($9). Someone will come by and mix & blend the ingredients from scratch into a delicious dip! 
The queso fundido ($9)---ok, it's simple in nature: melted cheese. But it is DELICIOUS! It is served with a side of warm, steamed tortillas. So good. 
The pulpo ($12)---light and delicious! Highly recommend it! 
Main entree: 
The salmon ($22). It is served with green fava beans and some bites of fried yuca, over a sea of some tasty, green sauce. The yuca was a tad salty but still great. The salmon was beautifully broiled and flavorful. Overall, a mouth-melting meal! 
No desert. But next time!Not quite 5 but more than 4 stars. I thoroughly enjoyed my two meals here. If I make it back here again I'll make a bee line for this place.We stopped in for dinner during a weekday to a nearly empty restaurant.  Waited 10 minutes for someone to greet and seat us.  We ordered the 'customized' guacamole.  The portion size is admirable but the guacamole was basically bland despite the additions you can select.  Chips were crisp and tasty though.  We order Tamales which were very disappointing.  The masa needed salt and the fillings are served along side the tamale, as a restaurant means not to have to make four kinds of tamales.  The mushroom mix was bitter tasting.  The pulled pork was dry and flavorless.   I also ordered a Gin and tonic (a pretty weak pour) and when I tried to order another drink they said they were out of gin.  Perhaps that was the reason for the weak pour, but what bar/restaurant runs out of gin when you serve umpteen kinds of tequila.  Pretty disappointing all the way around.Yum! The guacamole is so so good! And so are their drinks! Check out the downstairs, cool little area down there. I'd go back anytime!Went in for drinks at the bar and while didn't stay for a dinner in the dining room, we did order and share a few items off the menu.  Here are is my summary.The mushroom and artichoke flatbread had a great presentation and looked very appetizing however it did lack flavor and was a little bland.  The guacamole was fresh, flavorful and presented nicely.  You can order it with your own selection of ingredients, however, I went with the traditional.   My favorite was the tacos. Very flavorful and well done. Tender shredded pork finish fried to a crisp, served on corn tortillas with onions.   I would definitely go back for the tacos alone.  They were somewhat small so I did order a second helping.  The place does have all the right ingredients to be a local hot spot for modern Mexican.  The bar is very nice and the barman was extremely friendly and accommodating, although I do forget his name.  The margaritas were fabulous, they fresh squeeze the lime juice for each order, they were the best i've had outside of Mexico itself.  
I would certainly return again and recommend it to friends.The food was excellent, especially the guacamole, which you get to select your own combination of ingredients for.  The margaritas were excellent and the churros for dessert were amazing.    We were seated downstairs, which felt like somebody's basement.  Next time, I would request to be seated upstairs.Offensive.  Flavorless pre-made guacamole in a tiny bowl.  i've been robbed less at overpriced restaurants in manhattan.  what really got me was that it turned brown by the time we were down to the last chip (tops 10 minutes).  pampano, mama mexico, even dos caminos makes fresh guac at your table to order.  are you serious "So-Cheet"?  within the first 20 minutes of being at this restaurant, i can understand why they did an opentable spotlight.
The housemade chips aren't overly greasy and they're the perfect thickness, but is all that salt necessary?
The mushrooms in the tamale were tasty, but I thought the strong cheese didn't fit in, I could barely taste the pasilla chile gravy or house crema, so I can't say they added much.
Extremely dry, tough and tasteless short ribs--maybe this was the "lean kind" but it was really really dry/tough.  the golden potato gordita was great, but the roasted garden veggies were soggy, soaking in sauce, and just as uninteresting as the short ribs.
Completely dry and tasteless chicken (the special "pollo frito")--$25 for a half-chicken, are you serious?!  i made a more tender chicken breast on a fry pan the other night.  (entrees were $30 post-tax across the board--at those prices, I'd go to one of the amazing BYOs Philly offers)  24-hour brined does not make dry chicken!!!
The doughnuts were an incredible disappointment.  the chocolate sauce and whatever fruity sauce (they called it strawberry) they brought out seemed like they came out of a can and a film formed on the top of the chocolate almost instantly.  they should learn a thing or two from the stanton social.
I would give this place 2 stars but for the fact that the service was pretty terrible despite the very nice disposition of the waitress.  finished glasses and plates were not taken away unless we stacked them on top of each other and placed literally on the edge of the table.  the restaurant was hardly full so there was no excuse.  i specifically asked for no salt on my margarita, but surprise surprise, it came with salt.  my friend's first drink of the night never got cleared from the table--with 4 people at the table, are...you...for real?  i can appreciate paying happy hour prices for these drinks, but aside from the fresh ingredients like lemons, limes, mint, truly nothing to warrant the $10-15 cocktails (the cocktails go up in price from there).  the flights of tequila we tried were delicious but they could not make up for the fact that the food sucks.  sorry for the bluntness.I went here for a pre valentines dinner date last Sunday with my lady friend.  I was excited to see that the guacamole was made tableside, not scooped out of a plastic tub into a bowl and brought to the table.  It is also great that you can control the heat and cilantro and onion content of the guac to your own personal preference.  This was a nice touch to have personalized guacamole.  My girlfriend loves gaucamole, so this was like heaven for her.  We agreed that it was probably the best that we had ever had.  It was so fresh.  It was literally straight out of the avocado shell and into our mouths.
The entrees themselves were also very good, but less memorable than the gauc.  I had the baby back ribs.  although they had a nice smokey flavor, I prefer a baby back rib with a nice caramelized sheen on it instead of a really moist and thick rib.  Don't get me wrong, they were very good.  I've just had better.
I was comparing this place to Lolita.  I have to say that the beat Lolita's gauc hands down, but Lolita's entrees are much, much better and more flavorful.Had a great meal.  Camarones Con Caldo were awesome with just the right amount of spice.  The sweet plantain cake and avocado salad added good balance.
Would highly recommend a tequila flight.  Great way to cap off the meal.We went last Sunday.  They answered all my questions about GF, even checking with the chef on one dish [alas, it had flour in it, as I thought: mole].  The ceviche staring with C was good as were the margaritas.  They have mostly corn tacos, but check for the use of flour tortilla occasionally.  My chicken tacos were very good.
And NO gluten reaction!  YAY!
One point off for low lighting.The feel of Xochitil is a cozy, rustic Catina. It's understated atmosphere is a pleasant change from some of the other Mexican restaurants in the city.
I dined here during restaurant week and the service was pleasant and friendly. 
The made to order guacamole was very good and it's a nice personal touch to start the meal. I had the veggie options from the menu, a spinach ensalda, this was fresh and had a spicy kick, then the veggies enchiladas.  These were not bad but not spectacular. To end the meal I had the flan. Very good and great consistency. 
I'm not a huge margarita drinker and it was a late Sunday eve so I didn't get to try the drinks that people say are so good here. Overall a quaint option for Mexican cuisine in Philly.Tucked into a small storefront on Headhouse Square at Second and Lombard, just off of South Street and next to the Artful Dodger, you'll find Xochitl, one of Philly's hottest new restaurants.  Xochitl, pronounched "so-sheet," is named after an ancient Aztec queen, and I can only describe the fare as Latin American fusion.  And it is to-die-for.
I recommend starting your meal with the fresh guacamole made right at your table.   It is the single most delicious guacamole you will ever eat, and you will find yourself scraping the bottom of the bowl in order to get every last scrap of it.  At least that's what I did.  Following the guacamole and chips, I highly recommend the scallops and watermelon ceviche, which is on permanent special.  While the combination of watermelon with shellfish may sound unusual, I guarantee that the thinly sliced scallops placed atop fresh, sweet watermelon and topped with microgreens will be the most unexpected and heavenly flavor combination that you've ever tasted.
Once you've recovered from the mouth-watering appetizers, you will find that the entrees are just as delightful.  All of the varieties of ceviche served at Xochitl are delicious, and I especially liked their ceviche tostadas.  Another scrumptious dish is the poblano pepper stuffed with ground meat and topped with a vanilla walnut sauce.  If you prefer something else, Xochitl's menu is packed with creative concoctions featuring seafood, chicken, goat meat, and other proteins with spicy vegetable combinations.  The entire menu is featured online at www.xochitlphilly.com, except for the specials, so you can even make your decision before you arrive.
If you still have room for dessert after your meal, you will have difficulty choosing just one item from the dessert menu.  I was too stuffed when I went there, so I opted for the Mexican hot chocolate, which was rich, creamy, and had the slightest hint of some sort of pepper.  My boyfriend and I were there for my birthday, and I suppose that I confounded his plans because I ordered hot chocolate instead of a solid dessert, but the waitress was so sweet that she stuck a lit birthday candle onto the hot chocolate's saucer.  If that's not personalized service, I don't know what is!
In addition to the wonderful food, Xochitl also serves a variety of tequilas and other drinks that you will find appealing.  The tequilas are their specialty, and you can order a sampler flight of three from their extensive tequila menu.  You can also order tequila in cucumber shot glasses.  They also have margaritas, Mexican beer, and other alcoholic beverages.  My favorite drink, however, is their slightly sweet hibiscus-infused water.  If you are adventurous, I suggest their spicy beer concoction, which mixes beer with tomato juice and other spices.
Finally, Xochitl's charming atmosphere and decor combines with its menu to make it one of the hippest new restaurants in Philly.  The cozy upstairs features a full bar area and a dining area, complete with the type of candle-lit decor one might imagine is featured in the old grand haciendas of Zorro's days.  If you go downstairs, you'll find another full bar and charming lounge area, where you can order drinks and food, and the entire atmosphere there is reminiscent of being on a starlight veranda.  The walls are a deep blue, the lighting is low, the couches are comfy, and candlelight twinkles off of mirrors all around you.
I highly recommend making reservations if you intend to go for dinner because seating in the dining area is limited, and this place is becoming ever more popular by the minute.
In all, I would say this is one place that  everyone in Philadelphia ought to try.
UPDATE:  I've been here several times now, and I love this place more and more.  Everything I've had is always perfect, so I'm convinced the chef is a genius.  They also often run specials, like 4-course meals for $35.  The most recent special is the Frida Kahlo menu, which will run until the Frida show at the Art Museum closes on May 18, and which features recipes stolen from Frida's own recipe box (and, I'm sure, improved by the chef - it was all amazingly delicious).  Seriously, the chef there has a real knack for creating perfectly balanced dishes with delicate flavors and mind-blowing delectability.  Take, for example, some of his soups, which come with the ingredients in the bowl, and the broth is poured in at the table, with fresh onions and cilantro on the side.  Pure heaven.I was really disappointed by my last experience at Xochitl. I hadn't been there for years and it has changed quite a bit, and not for the better.
Pros:
-Service was good.
-They seated us on time.
-Server was informative and not too overbearing (but he did seem to take it personally when it was obvious we didn't like our food).
-Nice size portions (we went for restaurant week and it was a good amount of food for the $35).
Cons:
-Owner and menu have changed and that means NO MORE SOPA AZTECA!! That's the ONLY reason I wanted to go there! Huge disappointment. For some reason I was confusing the tortilla soup with Sopa Azteca. Well, that was dumb of me!
-The food just fell short. We ordered the 4 cheese empanadas and they were just so heavily fried, seemed almost triple fried. I know that many empanadas are fried but these were just so heavy and well, I couldn't finish them.
-My friend and I shared the adobo shrimp and pollo frito. The server was really pushing the pollo. It wasn't anything spectacular, trust! 'm glad that I didn't pay full price for that because $30 for a mediocre fried chicken would just be frustrating. 
-Dessert. Well by the time we ordered, one of the choices was removed because "something happened in the kitchen." We got the doughnuts and the flan. The flan stood out, it was good. Again, the doughnuts seemed like they were quadruple fried or something. 
I'm really, really bummed out about this because I so loved Xochitl the other times I've been. Needless to say, I won't be heading back anytime soon. 
Can someone please tell me where to find a killer Sopa Azteca!???Went to this dive last week. Service was horrendous . Waited an hour before our food was served. Seemed like there was not enough waiting staff to handle our party. Beef tacos were subpar. And drinks tasted funny. Would not recommend this overpriced hole in the wall.Great location, great service, and good food! It was fun building our guacamole to order on a selection sheet, and it was delicious. Would definitely recommend for a fun night out....also brought the kids, and they loved it!Man do they know good mexican. I would highly recommend the Short rib tamale. It was insanely flavorful and I wish I hadn't filled up on cerviche and guac before it came out, but those were excellent too so no harm no foul.
Love how they do the checklist for the guac. Getting to try guac with chipotle and oaxaca cheese was a whole new experience of guac and I loved every second of it. The cerviche was also very tasty. Think the crab one was a bit more flavorful than the other ones but they were both enjoyable. Presentation was pretty, margaritas plentiful, service lovely. This place wins in my book.I love this place for several reasons but I am sorry to say I cannot rate the dinner hear any higher due to the inconsistency I get in food, NOT the margaritas. 
I have been coming here for a solid 2 years now.  I moved here in Jan of 2011 from the southwest so I feel like I know Mexican food. On a good night this place is awesome!  On the others, it is not good. This is very disappointing for someone looking for a "home cooked" tasting meal.
As I mentioned before, the margs are always on!  The Perfect Margarita is just that and the guacamole is good too.Try the Braised Rib Tamales. A little different in presentation than the tamale you're used to but boy, the flavor is outstanding. Margaritas are served how you like them - not made from a mix so they can tweak them for you. Fabulous service, the price reflects the overall quality.
I've got to say I think this is my favorite place.I love Xochitl's food and bartenders and drinks! They are all wonderful. I love that there is a second happy hour in the very sexy lounge. There is nothing to complain about in food, except that it may be a little more upscale (pricier) than I'm used to - but that is not a problem. It is a nice place to go if I want something fancier than usual. Great presentation and decor, as well. The problem I do have is that a couple of times, I've tried to get in and there isn't room, yet the lounge isn't open downstairs. Why they would choose to not use the extra room when they clearly have the demand is beyond me. The hostess seemed very pleased to turn me away and tell me there wouldn't be a table for about 4 hours. I didn't like the attitude, as I'd experienced it before. No one wants to be turned away from their favorite places, and even a fake "I'm sorry" would have been a better answer.I love the concept of building your own Guacamole. We came here on a whim on a Friday night for dinner and left very full and very happy. Lets start with the Guac. There is a card on the table that allows you to pick various add-ons to thier Guac base (avacado, lime, cilantro salt and pepper) We added raw garlic, plum tomatoes, raw onions (For free) and then added some items that cost $1.00/item corn and pomegranate, on top of all that we also were given the ability to control the spiceness so naturally we chose habenero because for some strange reason I like to sweat and itch my head while I eat.
On top of the guac we ordered a ceviche plate which was good but not great, I feel ceviche is all about the fish the ceviche here seemed like the fish was the secondary ingredient. We also ordered fish tacos and chicken tacos which were both phenomenal!! Can't say enough of the marinades on both the chicken and fish! 
All in all we had a great dinner, only word of caution is that this place can get heavy on the wallet if you're not careful on how you order.I am going to throw this out there... I think Xochitl has some of the best guacamole in the city. We have dropped in here twice and gotten seats both times. I wouldn't expect this though, I think we were just lucky. Wait staff and hosts are so friendly and the food is good too! I have had the chicken and rice and the salmon. The salmon was wonderful! The margaritas are a little too stiff, but that's not a deal breaker and my husband had the michelada, which was really great and different.This place made me swear off restaurant week. Usually my husband and I avoid busy restaurants on Fridays and Saturdays and opt for a Thursday date night, we have also sworn off Valentine's Day and any other amateur hour/prix fixe/everyone is out type of night. We were still clinging to restaurant week, but have been let down on so many occasions.  Bummer. 
We started off with drinks, and there is something off about the drinks here. I can't place it, but they just taste awful, and we had three different drinks. The worst was the blood orange martini. It tasted so flat and bland and almost watered down. The Pepino, the jalapeño/cucumber/basil beverage should have been packed with flavor, but fell flat with just heat and little actual taste. It was the best of the three. I then tried the cherry grand marnier drink, can't remember the name as recommended by the manager--again it fell flat and though it had been described to me as "sweet" it was not at all. I could taste the alcohol hardcore, but little else. I suspect they are using low quality tequilas and charging top shelf prices, but that's just my theory. 
We placed our order-- guac that we customized, cheese empanadas, mexican flatbread, two vegetable sopas and the churros and chocolate tres leches cake for dessert. Our guac arrived and again, I only tasted the heat of the habanero that we had requested. We also asked for spanish onions, roasted garlic and tomatoes. I have made better guacamole whilst drunk. BLAND city. I even squeezed a lime in it form my drink to brighten the flavor, nothing. It was also way too smooth, like they had a vat of pureed avocado in the back and were just adding things in quickly. The chips also needed more salt. 
Next, we received our entrees instead of our apps. When the guy (not our waiter) put them down in front of us we were all "nope, didn't get apps yet" and he was all ok, bye and left the entrees there. Uh what? The manager did come over and apologize and offer us a free drink for the mistake, encourage us to eat meal in reverse. We did, and it kind of ruined the whole night since we filled up like crazy on the heavy entree. We then waited quite some time for our apps. The empanadas were the only amazing part of the meal. The flatbread had an odd mouthfeel to it, was greasy and again lacked flavor. We waited awhile again for our desserts and our waiter was mostly MIA for the entire meal.  Finally dessert. The churros were not fully cooked. The oil was obviously too hot because they outsides were crispy and brown, but they were pure uncooked batter inside. Gross. This was confirmed by the table next to us, as theirs were also partially raw. The cake was yummy. Subpar meal, bad drinks, kind of crappy service. I did appreciate the effort from the manager, but he has some work to do. Wish I'd tried this place before it changed hands.I came here this past Friday night with the BF and our Groupon in hand.  It's not often that we venture out to Society Hill so kudos to finding a reason to visit this part of town.  We got there for dinner around 9ish or so and sat down.  What struck me about the place was how much effort they put into their drinks, particularly their tequila selection (the waitress reminded me multiple times they were a tequila bar).  It's a shame that they don't put nearly as much effort into the food.  But when your bar area is about the same size as your dining room, go figure.
We started with an order of guacamole with housemade chips, the red snapper ceviche, and the queso fundo with chorizo.  First off, the guac is hideously expensive ($9 or upwards for a relatively small dish).  The design-your-own format is creative, but open to some pretty expensive and awful combinations (bleu cheese and crab?  really?)  The ceviche was messy and clunky to eat; the fish was still in really large chunks, so it was awkward when I tried to bring some over to my plate and didn't expect to be reaping such a large piece of fish.  The queso fundo was good, but kind of messy to eat as well.  Also, I didn't realize the chorizo was served ground; I would have preferred small cubed chunks or bigger pieces.
For dinner, I ordered the steak tacos, which looked nice but like the other dishes, was poorly executed.  There was simply too much meat on the small corn tortillas, and I ended up dripping steak juice all over my hands while I tried to eat the tacos.  He got the deconstructed short rib tamale, which looked and tasted way better than my high-end tacos.  Served as a fork-and-knife dish, it was also less messy and awkward to eat and enjoy
Overall, I thought the food was just ok.  Everything tasted pretty good, but there needs to be more thought put into how the dishes are going to be eaten, not just how they look or taste.  Not even my margarita, which was really damn delicious, could save this dinner or my chances of returning any time soon.  Also, thank goodness we had the Groupon because otherwise this meal would have been way overpriced.If you and your friends can figure out how to pronounce the name of the place (its "so-chi") tell them to come here. I love Spanish/Mexican places that are authentic and not overly priced. They have a bunch of guacamole options, get all of them, and their street corn side is zesty and delicious. Tacos were great too.Xo-Cheat on your diet!  It's Xo-worth it and Xo-great to come here.  I love the Oaxacan cuisine and kick-y cocktails with real tropical fruits used in making them.  I have been here twice already and, although pricey - and sometimes unbearably crowded, I will be back again and again.  It's Xo-Good!
The Aussie Bartender is muy, muy caliente!
Try a couple of Dona Florinda cocktails with fresh prickly pear cactus fruit.  Super Yum!Ideally, this would be a 4.5 star rating. Xochitl has become our go to for birthday dinners. I've eaten here three time, twice for their Day of the Dead menu. The four course $35, prefixe menu has always been a charmer. Along with the guacamole made tableside in the mortar and pestle. Everytime I leave stuffed, and fully satisfied. 
To clarify, this is not what I would classify as 'mexican food.' For that I walk five blocks in any direction in south philly, and find myself with a bangin meal for under ten. Xochitl is more of a haute-mexican, with old style flavors. Just don't come expecting a burrito.
EDIT:
Okay, they changed their menu. Not cool.Best margarita (watermelon chili) in the city.   The guacamole is also amazing.  Nice small spot on 2nd street.  Everyone there is friendly.  Great atmosphere.Walking around town on a Friday night looking for a place to eat with no reservations and it being restaurant week, I was sure we would be eating at a dive or heading home to make tacos.. Not the case! We stumbled upon Xochitl and my boyfriend remembered hearing good things about it so in we went. We barely waited 3 minutes before being seated. Pretty decent given the circumstances. As it was restaurant week, Xochitl had a fixed 4 course menu at $35 a person. The meal started off with a customizable guacamole (we added red onion, roasted garlic, and cilantro) so yummy and the tortilla chips were perfectly crisp with just enough saltiness. Then on to the first course: we chose the cheese filled empanadas and some type of flat bread with mushrooms and cheese. I must admit that though good, the first courses were a tad bland. For example the flat bread could have used a little squeeze of citrus. For main courses, I ordered the short rib (served with a potato gordita and roasted veggies) and bf ordered the pollo frito (served with cornbread and greens) at the waiter's recommendation. The short rib was fantastic, perfectly glazed and tender but the potato and veggies were alittle lacking. I can't comment on the pollo frito but the cornbread it was served with was the best I've had yet. For dessert, we ordered the flan and doughnuts (served with both chocolate and strawberry dipping sauces). Both were very good. I also cannot comment on the drinks but if I visit again, I will most definitely give them a try. If you haven't been to Xochitl, I recommend giving it a go.Great food and margaritas. The menu is a bit difficult to navigate, but we loved everything we ordered. The el sabor menu was a great deal. Homemade Guacamole for the table, a choice of appetizer and an entree for $29. Based off the entree prices it really is a fabulous bargain. The atmosphere is quiet and not as "fun" and lively as promised. It was a good quiet spot to go with friends.No offense, but I thought the food was pretty mediocre.  I really wanted to like this place, and I thought maybe I just ordered the wrong thing.  But I also tasted what others in my party had, and we were all pretty disappointed.  I appreciate the effort to make innovate yet "authentic" dishes, but I think the execution was off.  My mole dish did not taste like mole.   It was just bitter and I could barely eat it.  My tortilla soup was so-so.  The Chile en Nogada was super sweet so almost inedible. 
The margaritas are good.  But I have to say, overall the food was a huge disappointment.  I won't be going back unless it is for the tequila.Me and my girlfriend had the Tequila Patron Pairing for two and was great. The service was excellent and the food was very well prepared and tasty. It was a complete experience. The Guacamole is to die for and the Huarache de Hongos is really really good. I definitely recommend this restaurant.Once draped in white tablecloths and awash in upscale "pre-Hispanic" influenced Mexican plates, Xochitl has reconcepted into a more casual and inexpensive cantina.  Cutting down the wall that divided the dining room from the bar unites the room, spreading that buzzy vibe we like so well across the whole space.  
The Happy Hour here is still amazing -- $5 margs always made with premium tequila and fresh-squeezed lime juice, discount beer.  The uber-special runs Thursday night from 10 p.m. - 1 a.m., when happy hour prices reign on drinks (in the cozy downstairs lounge) and the ENTIRE menu is half-price.  You read it right, pals, half-price everything. 
Queso fundido, ceviche, pork cheek tacos, churros, oh my.  Service is always friendly and accomodating -- they dropped the tablecloths and prices, but not the quality or knowledge.My friends and I went here for restaurant week. They acccomodated our large party of 10 and we were thankful. Our server was friendly and got every order right. Right before we got dessert, our one friend who had work met up with us to go out after we were finished dinner. We asked the hostess for another chair just so she could sit down while we finished. Without even looking around or trying to find one, she replied with a snotty attitude "We don't have any extra chairs. You do know it's restaurant week, right?" When I then stated that of course I knew it was restaurant week and reminded her that our bill was almost $600 and asked if she could at least check to see if they had an extra chair, she responded "Your reservation was only for 10 people. We don't have any extra chairs." Meanwhile, a table across from us and a ton of bar chairs were open. Our friend shared a chair with one of us until we were finished dessert. My friends were disgusted by this hostess. She had a horrible attitude. We were spending a lot of money on food and drinks that night and this hostess absolutely left a sour taste in our mouth by the time we left. The food was ok, but not worth the condescending attitude from the hostess. Customer service is key at a restaurant. NONE OF US WILL BE BACK.Yummy yummy yummy , start with the shrimp tacos , and a side of truffle oil fries 5 the get the short rib enchiladas enough to share for two my new hang out , don't for get the margarita  I'll be backAmazing chile margaritas and decent mexicana. They make the guac right in front of you and it's so drool-worthy. The ceviche is so-so but the skirt steak is SO delish. Desserts are meh. 
Still, one of the best new restaurants in Philly. They're a bit weird on large group reservations (you have to rent out the entire bottom floor, even if only 10 people), but the atmosphere and music are fantastic. 
Late nights at Xochitl are great, especially with "the one" bartender. He'll top you off and it's like a freakin' party at the bar with this guy. Not sure of his name, but he's skilled. He'll make a good enough "custom" drink for you to make you never want to order your usual again.Went here for a birthday dinner - mouth watering food, amazing drink selection, and the staff was more than accommodating. They even gave the birthday boy $10 off for whenever he comes back!Everything we had was amazing! My mojito was one of the best I've ever had, and our tacos were to die for. A favorite was the side of risotto.. So creamy and filling.Xochitl is awesome!
First of all, they have the BEST guacamole!  I am obsessed with it!  I usually go for the Guacamole 9 where you can make your own with selections available on a checklist.  One thing I always make sure I get in my guac is crab.  Its an amazing, flavorful and rich addition that you have to try!  Then I usually get cheese, cilantro, tomatoes and several other small additions!  I try to vary this combo every time I come, but I always get the crab!
Usually when I come here, I come with a friend or two and we share a few dishes.  The Pollos Frito, Braised Short Rib, Chipotle Back Bay Ribs, and Vegetable Enchiladas are among the staples that we usually order.
I also really enjoy the Short Rib Tamale, Mushroom Tamale, and Fried Plantains.
The spicy brisket Tacos and the Fish taco are certainly worth a try as well!
I also enjoy doing the tequila flights.  Often if I am just with one other person, we will order one flight and share the sots because they are pretty big!  I am not super knowledgeable about tequila, but the staff certainly knows what they are talking about when they explain what everything is.
Portions are an okay size.  Not too small, but not large either. They are also a bit overpriced. 
Their food holds quality for takeout as well!
Definitely a place to check out when you are in the area!!Joe the bartender makes a perfect margarita. Not too sweet, not too bitter. Heavy on the tequila in a festive glass filled to the brim. $5 at happy hour. 
Build your own guacamole is fun, whether it's your first time or your tenth. The activity itself is a good conversation starter (hello, first daters!) and the result is delicious. Chips are fresh and plentiful.
Xochitl is a great place for happy hour/appetizers. I wouldn't stay for dinner, personally. The mains are, in general, a bit disappointing. But really, who needs more than guac and margs anyway?Came here for a friend's bachelorette party and had a great time. I had the brisket enchiladas which came out cold but were quickly replaced with a brand new dish. We loved the customizable guac option, especially since we all have very different preferences. My favorite was the crab guac with double garlic. It was delicious but definitely on the smaller side, even to share. We also had to order chips and salsa, they did not come with our meals. The drinks were unique and delicious, and the service and atmosphere was nice.I have only been here once, but as usual, any time I eat at a Mexican joint, I order half the menu. Luckily I was there with an equally hungry friend, and so between the two of us, we had enough food to really get a good feel for this place.
I wish I lived close to this joint, I would be there every other day man. Their guac is awesome, made perfectly however you like it, super fresh, and good quantity too. Their service was good too and the tacos were LEGIT authentic tacos that are sort of hard to find in Center City. The authentic touches to the food are what really sold me on this place, I have a hard time finding decent legit mex food in this area. 
I will definitely come back here. The place is always lively, everyone seems to be having a good time and the food comes out fast and hot. What more do you need to know?If you're looking for a review of the food at Xochitl (so-cheet), don't look at this poor kid. I can't afford to eat here. Don't get me wrong, after seeing sizzling plates of peppers and meat and cheese go by at this place, I'm dying to try the food. But unless some handsome suitor wants to sweep me off my feet with a Xochitl meal (any takers?), I won't be eating there anytime soon.
What I really want to talk about... is margs.
Every night. Xochitl lounge. Happy Hour. Half priced margs. 
Now if you scoff at the thought of a cheap margarita costing $5, hold your snide comments until you try one. They make them with just the essentials: tequila, cuantro, fresh squeezed lime, and ice. No sour mix to kill your stomach later on. They're delicious. And they're kickin.
Just a warning though... one margarita is never enough, but three is usually too many. Learned that the hard way.
If anything, go just to see the British bartender downstairs. Talk about tall drink of water. Er... tequila.I'm a sucker for any restaurant with a Nahuatl name, but when that same restaurant has amazing tortilla soup TOO... say it ain't so!  Everyone at my table ended up ordering a bowl of the soup after they tried mine. I ordered an Horchata to drink (my favorite, and I couldn't believe it was on their menu), but they said they made a "bad batch" and wouldn't serve it.  Strange, but... thank you I suppose?
The restaurant is small, with a quaint downstairs, lit mainly by candles, decorated with tile and cute carved chairs.
 I will say that the appetizers are definitely small, not made for sharing. BUT the entree dishes are big and make up for the hunger that you think you'll be leaving with at the end of the meal.  We ordered ceviche, huarache de horongo, guacamole (you pick the ingredients), and soups. The guacamole is delicious too, I highly recommend adding fresh garlic to it.  The pollo frito is the house special, which I got, but I think next time I want to try their steak.  
They make some strong drinks (especially if you know what kind of tequila to ask for, I recommend Corralejo).  The dessert was a-ok, nothing to write home about, but I would definitely try the flan next time for a switch-up.
Its one of those places that you'll go over and over again until you find what you love on the menu... and then you'll go there and only order that... over and over again.This is one of my all time favorite restaurants! Everything you order is mouth watering!! Check it out you won't be disappointed.Service was pretty distant throughout the night, but overall food and drinks were good. I got a blood orange margarita that was delicious, highly recommend. We also started with an order of customized table side guac, with roasted garlic, roasted cherry tomatoes, and corn, and it was absolutely delicious but its true that its hard to do guac wrong! My order of the seafood enchiladas didn't have much flavor, but had plenty of seafood which was nice. My friend got an order of the brisket tacos and it was AMAZING, so tender and delicious. Shrimp tacos also looked great. Service could have been more attentive, but overall it wasn't a bad night. Probably wouldn't come back though as price points were high and it wasn't great enough food or service to entice us to come back when there are so many other great options in the area.Just treated myself to an affordable night at Xochitl! 
Last night my friend and I were lured there by the newest recession deal, it's $2 cans of Modelo beer and 1/2 priced house margaritas which are great ($4.50).. but would you expect less of a place that brags about it's extensive tequila collection?  Oh yeah, you can also get 1/2 priced food from the late night menu in the lounge after 10pm.  So It's another late night happy hour.  I've tried Steven Starr's same type of deal at Jones but that's like slumming it compared to Steven Cooks menu at Xochitl.
My friend and I arrived hungry and thirsty, which meant we were gonna spend money regardless of the price.  We drank a few house margaritas each after a round of beers.  The main bartender in the lounge was working like crazy because this place was packed.  There were also people drinking while waiting for a place to sit.  We sat at the bar which probably was a good bet.  Drinks taste better when you see just how generous a pour they give you with the booze. [sigh]
Agreeing to split all the food we ordered, we started with an order of the Lamb tacos which were very delicious and a decent portion compared to the Sopes (Duck, goat cheese and chorizo on fresh masa tortillas with black beans) which tasted great but mini tapas sized and the same price.  I probably wouldnt order the Sopes again.  We ordered the  frise' salad that had duck and cinnamon smoked figs and blue cheese.  Yeah, the ingredients read as culinary porn for sure but the portion wasn't porn sized, if you know what I mean. (do I need a cheesy wink here?)
We were still hungry since we were two guys with empty stomachs.  Since we enjoyed the tacos so much, we tried the even better pork ribs tacos and the skirt steak sandwich.  Considering we'd already taken the edge off our appetites, these dishes were sooo good.  I'd definitely recommend sandwhiches and tacos if you're looking to fill up.  They were so savory my friend claimed there was an orgy in his mouth.
Service down there was outstanding for us and the food overall was very good.  Final bill was only around $64 before tip.  HOLY CRAP that was good.In a word, delicious. This is not your average Mexican restaurant. The dishes consist of a blend of complex flavors that left me speechless. 
The salad I had consisted of watermelon, pumpkin seed dressing and pumpkin seeds and avocado as well as cucumber. Each bite was amazing and unlike any salad I ever had. The guacamole is as fresh as it gets since they make it at your table. The margaritas are perfect! It's an all around great place for dinner and drinks with friends.I really wanted to like Xochitl. From the outside, it looks really cute from the outside; the menu looked great; it's part of the Solomonov mini-empire. The reality, however, didn't at all match up.
We went inside and there was a weird incongruity of basketball on flatscreens in the relatively upscale bar. The spaces were fine, but seemed thrown together and not really thought out as a whole in decor and design.
The first tip offs to the food quality were the drinks; we each had one at the bar before continuing for dinner. My fiance's La Chilindrina was fine, but nothing special, while my Senor Barriga was pretty bad. With dinner, my fiance had an El Fumador, which was nigh undrinkable. We ordered it in part because the bartender described it as smokey, not spicy, and, yeah, it had habaneros in it, but who am I to second guess the bartender? Turns out, we should have (though the service was good while we were at the bar; this theme of good service and nothing else good continues throughout the place).
Dinner was just not good. We ordered the El Sabor tasting menu, so we got guacamole for the table along with an appetizer and entree each.  The guacamole was prepared tableside but overly salty and bland. We relied on the waitress's recommendations for appetizers figuring she wasn't incentivized to increase the check since we asked for the tasting menu. Well, her "personal favorite appetizer" huarache was bland bread with bean paste and raw egg, and the sweetbreads were a couple of breaded hunks with some pickled vegetables. There was no unification of taste, when there was much taste at all. Entrees were more of the same. My fiance's tamales were bland and bean-pastey--I've had better frozen from Trader Joe's. The best part was my brisket, which was tasty but salty, though the rest of the dish was really thrown together and, again, bland. I've had good celery root puree, but this was not it. It also took an extraordinarily long time for our entrees to arrive, even after the waitress assured us it "would be right out". We ended with the churros, which was good but not special, and we only ordered it because we didn't want our entrees to be the last taste in our mouths before we went home.
Our waitress was quite nice, but this couldn't save the other lapses by the kitchen. The food and drinks were mediocre at best, almost inedible at worst. The menu has ambition, but the kitchen either doesn't have the ability to execute, or doesn't try. We will definitely not be going back.Since we're always on the hunt for Mexican/Spanish cuisine, we decided to celebrate a friend's birthday at Xochitl in Old City (despite some of the mixed reviews we had read prior to arriving). We were seated quickly and had a nice quiet spot downstairs, tucked away from the hustle/bustle of the more energetic bar/restaurant area upstairs. Friendly/knowledgeable waitress, and an overall pleasant experience with a few caveats. Appetizers and our guacamole (created fresh at the table) were universally excellent. Limited wine list (though more than enough tequila selections to balance the scales). Then came the LONG wait. We were seated at about 7:45 p.m. and were not served dinner until about 9:15 p.m. The brisket and ribs were delicious--moist, flavorful-- the shrimp dishes were good. To their credit, the restaurant comped us an entire selection of desserts for our long wait. Overall, I think the experience would have been much better had we visited during the week when it was less busy.BEST guacamole I've had outside of Mexico! So fresh and I love that you get to customize it. The chicken tacos were delicious and had a bit of sweetness to them, which I enjoyed. Nice little atmosphere. Drinks were pricy for the size. I would go again.I would like to give you a higher score, Xochitl but you left me wanting... Halloween is my anniversary, and every year my partner and I try to go somewhere new every year to celebrate. This year I came across Xochitl's Dias de los Muertos four course $35 prixe fixe menu, and we decided to go! 
Sopas - My partner had the Pozole de Conejo (Rabbit) and I had the Caldo de Gallina y Masa (Chicken and Masa). They were good, but I did not have a single Masa dumpling in my soup... I was a little bummed. 
Antojitos - My partner had the Gorditas Infladas con Frijoles y Queso Panela and I had the Escabeche de Guajalote. I was pleased with my dish, but my partner was not pleased with his. 
Platos Fuertes - My partner had the Carne con Cileajo with blue masa tortillas, I had the Pescado Zapoteco with pumpkin seed mole! AMAZING! We both loved these dishes! 
Postres - My partner had the Crepas de Plantano Macho, and I had the Clafouti de Calabaza. Mine was so / so and my partner only had a taste of his... They were not that great. 
We were both uncomfortable, mostly because we were tucked away in a corner. The service was slow and our waiter did not seem like he was interested in being at work. We are definitely going to go back, but we are ordering from the main menu and we are making sure we have a different waiter / waitress.Some of the best Mexican I've ever had!!!!!..and I eat a lot of Mexican   We started with the red snapped ceviche (they were out of the crab).  I had the Braised Short Rip and my girlfriend had the Shrimp Chile Nogada.  Everything was absolutely delicious.  I think I may have liked her meal better than mine.  I also had like 3 Amarillos to drink, it was like a Lemon Mojito with pineapple. ..definitely making our own when we get home. 
100% chance I stop here again next time I'm in Philly.This place is great.  Good drinks, too.  It is good every time we go.  Sitting in the bar area is not so fun for a meal, but that's a small gripe.  It's a joy to eat this food.  And to drink the tequila.
The tostadas de ceviche are always worth it.  Any of the ceviche, really.  Also  good is the salmon with mole.  Although, this would be better with salmon from Alaska.
This place is honest and filled with talent.This was our 2nd visit to Xochitl.  The first was in 2015 for a fixed price tequila event (a different tequila was served with each course).  We were extremely happy with our meal, so we decided to go there for the first Restaurant Week of 2016. The server, Kate, was excellent.  She knew about all of the food and drinks on the menu, and she made recommendations to our table and other tables; she also checked with us frequently and made sure our water glasses were always filled.   [NOTE: Since it is Restaurant Week there is a special menu, so don't expect the full menu.]  We thought the food was only so-so this time.  The guacamole, as others have reported, is made to order (a card is placed on the table and you select how you want it made).  It is always the first course (whether or not it is Restaurant Week).  We would have preferred to have seen it made table-side, but it was good.
The next 3 courses were not very memorable.  My Caesar Asada was supposed to have grilled romaine, but it wasn't grilled, and the dressing was a little off.  My husband had Taquitos, which he said was fine but not anything to write home about.  For the main course I had the shrimp.  There were only 4 medium sized shrimp on the plate, and the menu said they would be adobo seared.  Instead the adobo was smeared on the plate.  I also think the shrimp was a bit under done.  There was a salad that was listed as an avocado salad, but it was more of a cilantro salad.  There was way too much cilantro, but there were 2 what they called fried sweet plantain cakes that were good.  My husband ordered the filet, and he noted that it was cooked really well, but the steak should not have been served over the rice because the red sauce complimented the steak but the crema did not.  He said he thought it was a clumsy presentation, but he would order it again, now that he knows how to put it together.
One other comment: we thought there should have been more spacing between the courses.  We were in and out in less than an hour, and the restaurant was not all that busy.  It wasn't like they needed our table.  
Will we go back?  Yes.  We will give it another try.My bf and I had a great experience here! We made last minute reservations on a Friday night. Open table is very convienant! We arrived at the restaurant and the hostess told us we would have to wait 5 minutes.. No Problem. We went to the bar..but decided to just wait until we sat to get a drink...it ended being more than 5 minutes.. so the manager bought us a round! which was so awesome!.. so we end up sitting at the bar with our drinks..but we still wanted a table... i think there was a lack of communication between us and the hostess, because we never told the hostess that we were going to just sit at the bar and eat..and she just wasnt seating us.. finally we just said to the bartender that we were going to eat at the bar. The guac was outta this world! ..and so were the steak tacos and short rib tamale! ..chocolate cake for desert was great too!.. :)  Its def. our new mexican spot!I got the special dinner for two where the meats are brought in a volcanic rock. Everything in the dish was phenomenal and we also got guacamole which is made according to you're taste. This was also delicious and I highly recommend it. Overall the service and food I received exceeded my expectations and I would recommend it to friendsI love Mexican food, but sometimes, it's hard to find really good Mexican food. I definitely found it at Xochitl! Th space is beautiful, very catina-like.
The drink menu is so interesting! I wish I could have drunk more! Not only that, but my friend asked for a specialty drink, one not on the menu, and they whipped it up for her.
They make the guacamole at the table. Who doesn't love that!?Margaritas and chicharonnes!!  Need I say more?  Probably...but this place is definately a good spot to get these!  
We went to Xotchil for some pre-night festivities and what a pleasant surprise!  We started off the night with a shot of tequila and a round of margaritas!  The margarita menu is faboosh and there wasn't one on there I didn't want to try.  (I did take a sip of one that was made with jalapeno...unless you genuinely like jalapeno I don't recommend this one).
We ordered the guacamole which was pretty delicious!  The margarita man (bartender) also hooked us up with an order of chiarrones from the appetizer menu since he asked us to make some room at the bar for some other patrons.  We were happy to do so but the food was an added bonus.  I'm from Miami and of cuban decent so I've had my share of chicharrones every Christmas eve and I have to say that Xotchil does a GREAT job!  They were not greasy and the sauce they were served with complimented them.
They have Hora de Fiesta specials, good service and a nice atmosphere for a night out w/ friends... I would definately recommend stopping by and sampling just about anything here if you are in Philadelphia!The restaurant had a very nice ambiance. We are in the basement floor which w really like the design. The guacamole can be customized based on the customers preference which was nice though we had to request extra chips twice. I had the Pima Snapper and it was excellent. My rojo sangria was not good as it had no fruity tones to it. Overall, a nice place to eat.I took my sister here for her birthday in November '11 and we were thoroughly unimpressed--poor service, small guacamole portion, small+EXPENSIVE glass of unimpressive sangria, and tacos without accompaniment. My wallet was upset with me.
April '12. My partner and I strolled here on a Friday night for a dinner date. Start out with a much more pleasant server--a fellow bearded gent. My partner inquired about the carmenere on the wine list, he provided a captivating description, so she ordered it and loved it--we actually ended up buying a case about a week later, so thanks dude! Also, $4 21st Amendment IPA is a huge plus.
Guacamole: choose your own ingredients=sweet. The portion was easily double the size of my previous visit=ever better. Ahi tuna ceviche: flavors meshed well, all-around nice dish, yucca chips light and complimentary to the dish. Tacos (portion of 3) delectable combination of well thought-out ingredients and plenty of meat. The standout, however, was absolutely the SHORT RIB TAMALE: moist masa, incredibly tender and marinated short rib (A TON OF MEAT) and sweet pickled onion. This dish is a must. 
The upscale Mexican decor works nicely (lots of browns and yellows, black wrought iron, white and blue tile), although I would like the lighting to be more muted/dimmer and have more candles.
Great experience the second time around. Get the tamale and a beer and your stomach will praise your divine judgment.Me and the wife went and sat at the bar on a Saturday night and had a great time. The bartender who was working (did not catch his name. tall with short beard) was awesome. 5 stars for service. We ordered the queso fundido with chorizo. which had so much cheese it was really filling which is nice for the price point and as an app. The drinks were a little over priced. I get it for the area, but if it is just margs and mexican beers you want, there are places that have them for A LOT cheaper.
all in all I would go back again. Would love to have a full meal there.
p.s their tequila selection is weakI went here with my boyfriend Mike the other night and we were pleasantly surprised.  I had coupon from Open Table so that helping, being that it's a little pricey, but not unreasonable. 
Service was good, not overbearing or up your butt constantly! On the drinks list we ordered red & white Sangria & the Amarillo. ALL very good, ALL pretty strong. Whoever that bartender was, poured like prohibition was 10 minutes away, and I commend him.  For an appetizer we shared the Red Snapper Ceviche.  Definitely one of the better ceviches we've had. Very refreshing and mutiple textures made it interesting. 
For dinner I had the Braised Short Rib w/ red wine glaze, roasted veggies and potato gordita. Amazing. Everything perfectly cooked and portions weren't huge but didn't leave you empty by any means. 
Mike had the Red Snapper, I don't remember what was under it (it's a constant on the menu, you can look) but it was awesome, creamy...I almost want to say it was potatoes, but probably not. The Snapper was also cooked well, not dry in the least. 
The two of us will certainly return here, hopefully soon!I didn't know what to expect from a place that I cannot even pronounce the name. My friends and I went here on a whim. We all were craving good mexican from a non chain. The area around this place is great. Good bars and nightlife. We walked in and it was smaller than we expected so thankfully it wasn't busy. We sat at the bar and they ordered tequila drinks and I stuck with Dos XX (because I always drink beer). They had a good deal going for 1 app, 1 taco meal for a good price. They have unique apps and meals which is good. Not your burrito type of place. I had the Cazuela De Chorizo y Papas as an app. Chorizo, potato's and leek. It was very good. The chorizo was ground beef like mixed in a hot bowl with the other ingredients. We also had the chips and their homemade Guac. Not the best guac I had but rather good. For a meal I had the arrachera which is skirt steak taco's (don't think Taco bell tacos). They are 3 soft, open faced blue tacos with steak, caramelized onions, tomato's and salsa. A lot of flavor although the steak could have used a little more seasoning. The bartender was helpful and friendly. The prices were good. Would go back if I return to the area.Yes!  This place is the Mexican Bomb in South Philly!  You better be prepared to pay though.  There is a premium for their excellent food preparation and service.  I was here with my girlfriend and she is from Arizona and knows the difference between good Mexican food and superficial B.S. Mexican food.  BTW, she loved Xochitl.  Great interpretations of classic Mexican.  I will return here and they have some great margaritas (some with my fav Tequila Heradurra) and excellent food and atmosphere and service.  4 stars for now, possibly 5 in the future if I see consistency in these areas.Xochitl won me over very quickly with perfectly salted chips & incredible, incredible guac, married with unbelievably perfect blood orange martinis....Both served quickly and kindly by model-esque food-runners....After thoroughly enjoying two martinis and perfect guac & chips it's almost impossible for a Mexican restaurant to screw up right?!
I had the Xochitl salad with shrimp - It was OK. Chicken tacos were excellent. Ceasar salad was sub-par. Red Snapper ceviche was good. Entrees averaging out to a 4 out of 5.
Our waiter was pretty disorganized HOWEVER he did not charge us for his mistakes - Thank God, because (just as all other reviewers have noted) this place is without a doubt overpriced. Therefore,  Xochitl earns 3.5 out of 5 stars - I enjoyed the experience enough to round up!
Lessons learned: Get apps & martinis, don't get a salad, and (last, but certainly not least).... make sure your boyfriend's picking up the tab ;)Great food and drinks, great ambiance great area! The guacamole is excellent (they make it right in front of you) the entrees are exceptional and sangria is refreshing.  This is a great restaurant to try out.We had a great meal at this charming restaurant in Society Hill. The place was fine for children. The waitstaff was attentive and accommodating. The tequila menu is extensive. The food was very, very good. 
The house made guacamole was excellent as was the fried chicken. The desserts were outstanding. 
The is restaurant moderately expensive but worth the priceThis place has its ups and down.  The food is good.  Not amazing but I liked what I ate.  The guac was fresh and very good.  The fish tacos were good as well.  I like the atmosphere and service was attentive enough.  The place is a bit overpriced for what you're getting.
The issue I have with the place is the somewhat questionable attitude that they exhibited when we went there.  But basically, we got there right around the end of happy hour.  We didn't expect to be able to order at happy hour prices/selection so we sat in the restaurant area instead of the bar area.  Then the waiter came over and asked us what we'd like to drink and we ask "is happy hour still going?" to which he replied "yes but only in the bar, you can move over there if you'd like happy hour margaritas".  That was reasonable enough so we told him we'd move over to a table in the bar area and we'd also take two happy hour margaritas.  He came by our new table a few minutes later and said that happy hour had actually ended so he couldn't bring us the margaritas for the same price anymore.  Meanwhile we're sitting at the table by the window and still looking at the happy hour sign on the sidewalk.  Anyway, we found this to be pretty ridiculous to tell a customer that they can get happy hour if they move but then change it once they do move.  Then the manager came by to explain that the waiter just didn't know that happy hour was over and that he couldn't give us the drinks for the lower price.  Frankly I didn't even care this much about getting a few dollars off of a margarita but being told one thing and then having them do another does bother me.  Finally, about 15 minutes later, the waiter came over to us and said that the manager would make an exception and give us one margarita each at the happy hour price.  Which is what they should have done from the get go.  What I can't believe about this whole ~30 minutes of silliness is that the waiter isn't just empowered to make that decision on the spot and avoid upsetting/annoying customers.  Any restaurant manager would be fine with his decision.  There was a grand total of like $8 on the line -- not exactly a big deal.
Anyway, I like the food but the margarita stuff makes me think the place isn't that well managed.Hidden among the bars of Headhouse Square next to Steven Starr's beloved Stella, Xochitl looks like a neighborhood favorite and go-to spot for those craving some fresh Mexican and it definitely is both of those things! 
We started off with 2 House Margaritas which were absolutely perfect and fresh.  We also ordered the Create your own Guacamole (you select the type of peppers,onions, tomatoes, garlic and cheese you want on a little card and give it to your server) and I must say it was the best Guacamole I've had in a long time. We also had the Huarache de Hongos which is a crispy masa flatbread, seared wild mushrooms, marinated artichokes topped with manchego and cotija cheese... it was INCREDIBLE! So we were two for two so far... onto the entrees. We ordered the Fish tacos and the Pork tacos to share although the server accidentally gave us the Beef tacos so we got to try one of them too. I wasn't super impressed but did eat 3 tacos nonetheless. I think they were fresh and cooked and prepared perfectly but I am just one of those people who love salsa and this is not the place that serves salsa with their tacos. 
I would give Xochitl 4 stars if it were not for the poor attitude of the server, bartender, and hostess.
Example: We had a reservation and the hostess tried to sit us at a High Top table in the bar/waiting area. If I make a reservation I expect to sit "down" (not up) in the main dining area. It may just be me but I think it's just part of the guarantee you get when making a reservation ahead of time. Throughout our meal our server was rude, disinterested, and not attentive. The bartender also seemed to have a chip on his shoulder and I felt rushed throughout my Friday night dinner.
I may come back if I feel that their service has improved based on other reviews.This is the second time I've been to Xochitl.  The first time was restaurant week in the city and they had a great diverse menu that allowed us to try the unique and chic Mex savvy food. . . This time we got down and dirty with our selections!  
They have a fabulous deal for dinner everyday, table GUAC, 2 apps and 2 dinners for $32.00 per person.  A no-brainer on a Saturday night in the city!
We had the GUAC made table-side.  My husband hates guacamole but LOVED Xochitls final touch of cojita cheese on top!
We then followed with fundido (sp?) which  was delicious and the chorizo, potato and kale. . We create our own burritos with all 3!  Truly delish!
Before we get to the main entree, let me say that the drink selection is amazing.  The most creative tequila can ever be is at xochtil.  Don't just order the same old margarita. . . Kick it up a few with the nublado or even try a flight!  We had a selection of 3 tequilas to taste test!  Boy I'm glad we had a little appetizer before we tried them!  It was fun!  They went down smooth and yummy!
As for the main entree, my husband ordered the pork cheeks and he said they were amazing. The sauce was fabulous and the meat fell apart is was so tender.
I ordered the lamb belly which I was nervous about. It was the wrong selection for me.  I was extremely fatty and I got about 2 bites of actual lamb on my plate.  So I would suggest another selection.  
The atmosphere is quaint yet eclectic.  Our waitress was wonderful!  She was knowledgable, quick and prompt.  Great service and great food.
No more lamb belly for me!
Enjoy Xochitl then stroll around and enjoy South Street!The only food I've ever eaten at Xochitl is the guacamole which is fairly good, fresh, well made. However what makes this eatery for me is the half priced margaritas on Saturday night after 10 p.m. 
Just wonderful, delicious margaritas. Well done Xochitl.Philly has a ton of good mexican restaurants. 
Whereas many people default to all things Stephen Starr, I personally find gems like this to be the better options.
It's a great location in head house square, so you can bar hop before or after your meal.
The thing I like most is the use of so many fresh ingredients and some of the unique menu options
I would have kept it 5 Stars except they changed their menu some and the tomato and crab gazpacho that was incredible is no longer there.
But everything I have ever gotten there I enjoyed! Awesome guacamole well worth the review on it's own!Cute restaurant, wait staff and manager were extremely nice. Drink special of chili watermelon margarita was surprisingly good. Only giving 3 stars because I wasn't a big fan of my meal, carnitas tacos. I usually love this dish but not their version unfortunately.Went here 01/18/2014 Waitress was playing a role of someone who know nothing. Took 20 min. to get a drink. Out of a few items on the menu, reservations were for 8 o'clock. Guess they under estimated on that meal. Ordered a fight of high end tequila she tried to get it from the bar but took way too long. Her response was maybe next time you can sample the flight (NEXT TIME DON"T THINK SO) people at the bar were regulars which seemed to have no problem getting served. Guess I will spend my money somewhere else.So I have mixed feelings about this place. We had a party of 6 on a Friday night. The guacamole was really delicious, and everything that it was supposed to be. The queso fundido was very good as well. My meal was pretty good (vegetable enchiladas) and my boyfriend thought his meal was only okay too (the brisket). Our friend said the fish tacos were excellent. We had an issue with service (two of our meals were forgotten), but the manager came over and gave us desserts for free and took one meal off the bill so that made up for it. Overall the meal was pretty good so I would likely go again!I stopped in here for a margarita with a couple friends. It was AWESOME, they only use fresh lime juice. The bartender was sassy, but she really knew what she was doing. We sat at the tiny bar downstairs on a Friday night. It wasn't too crowded, but they had a cool DJ. Seems like a good place to go hang out for late night drinks.I just have gotten a new job this year that occupies a lot of my time, so I didn't even know when the first half of restaurant week had come and passed. To make up for lost time, I called Xochitl to see if I can get a table for early Friday evening knowing that it's near impossible and after being told that they don't have any openings until after 10pm over really bad receptions, I found an opening on OpenTable at the time that I wanted. I wonder how these things work.
It was right after the snow storm and the streets are all piled up with snow banks and ice. My boyfriend and I arrived earlier than expected and got seated not long after at a table. I was surprised to see that despite the unusually bad condition outside, the restaurant is still quite packed. 
The restaurant week menu is filled with items that usually appear on their regular prix fixe. We got an order of guacamole for the table. The server brought up a platter of ingredients, preparing the guacamole right in front of us (or in this case behind me.) Unfortunately, the aisle is kind of narrow and stepladder was riding on the coat I put on my chair. The ingredients include avocado, lime juice, cilantro, finely diced onion, jalapeno, habaneros and some kinds of cheese. The end product is to die for.
For appetizers, the boyfriend got a cazuela de chorizo y papas and I got an order of chicharrones. The chorizo and potatoes casserole taste like a spiced up well made corn beef hash which is pleasant and comforting. While I love chicharrones, the plate is a bit awkward; I had no idea what is the proper way to eat this dish. While its theoretically correct to pair fat with acid, the acidity in the salsa verde seems to be too imposing and one-dimensional. And if I'm forced to use my hand for the oversized chicharrones, how am I supposed to keep my hand dry getting the radishes inside the sauce?
For entrees, I had the scrumptious costilla de res. I have been having a lot of mole lately and I wasn't particularly excited for another mole dish but I did want something meat-and-potato-y and I was very glad to get this dish. The short-rib was tender and juicy, the mole was the best I've had yet, the potato puree was like silk, combining with the spinach makes it the perfect dish. The arroz con pollo was nice enough, using beer to make it adds a peculiar bitterness and instead of being crispy, the chicken is a bit crunchy which is interesting even though it's on a drier side.
I go crazy for churros and the ones at Xochitl doesn't disappoint. Geniusly paired with a taza of Mexican hot chocolate for dipping, it adds an amazing array of flavors to an already delicious fried dessert. The pay de coco is cute but forgettable. I've had better but it's a nice choice. 
It's a nice place and the service is friendly. The vintage South American movie posters serve as interesting conversation starters but a few trendy Mexican restaurants uses them as decoration and no matter who started using them, it's getting a bit tiring. I like the fact that they serve Jarritos for I love them. 
At the end of the night, we spent $100 for a few small plates and I caught an error on the bill where they charged us beers that we didn't consume and they were polite and nice about taking it off, but one still has to wonder if the meal we had was worth the money we paid.Just exceptional.  The food, the service, the ambiance.  A total win.  The guacamole is especially incredible.  Plus, the manager Adam couldn't be nicer (same with our server Peter).  We'll be back again and again!this has been one of my go-to happy hour spots for a couple of years. best margaritas ($5!) in the city, a great bartender and delicious apps. (well, let's let the menu debacle of 2010 go.)
i was disappointed that the bartender, eric, no longer works there. he had a great personality and was fun to chat with. plus his margaritas were just the perfect strength! 
last night our drinks were decidedly weaker and i watched the bartender make every drink about an inch below the rim and add more ice. seems like a rip off to me!
the food we ordered (red snapper ceviche- $14, mushroom flatbread- $12) was really delicious but the portions are EXTREMELY small. the flatbread was about 5" long and we got about 1oz of snapper. we bumped into some friends who were headed to lombardi's for pizza because they were still hungry after eating dinner.
bottom line, i really love this place and am happy they have a normal menu again. they need to be less stingy with the booze- i mean, why was i watching them pour with a jigger???? and make reasonable portion sizes. we don't need texas roadhouse sizes, but for $30 in appetizers, we shouldn't have left starving.Pronounced So-Cheet. 
Here's a potentially controversial statement: Mexican food in Philly hasn't impressed me yet... wait for it... until last night! Xochitl is so far my favorite Mexican in the city, and yes that means I prefer it over El Vez, El Rey, Lolita, Tequilas, Cantina Los Caballitos, and Cantina Dos Segundos. I'm not saying these places aren't good... but I am saying that to me, they're not as good as Xochitl.
Guacamole. El Vez boasts an incredible Guac experience - the "make your own" is Xo superior at Xochitl. Ours had black truffle, plum tomatoes, roasted garlic, amazing cheese, and maybe some other things - there was so much to choose from and all of it was so good. The black truffle was better than I ever would have expected (I don't regularly ride the truffle train). Came with a ton of chips - it filled me up (party of 2). Restrain yourself from finishing it all otherwise it'll spoil your appetite like it did for me.
There's a $28 special - you get a bunch of delicious ingredients (meats, veggies, cheeses) and tortillas and then you get to make your own tacos. Pretty sweet deal... but we didn't do that. Instead, we opted for the normal taco plates (we'll try the standard dinner options next time, and there's definitely a next time). 
I had brisket. She had fish. Yowzers. All so, so good. The fish taco has cabbage that's got tremendous flavor and crunch (vinegar). The taco itself has a tiny kick of heat; always appreciated. Brisket taco was just damn good. Best tacos I've had in the city so far. Only needed one after all the guac but ate one brisket and one fish and was stuffed.
Server also recommended some sides: Esquites (Mexican Sweet Corn) and Rice & Manchego (what our server referred to as Mexican Mac 'N Cheese). If I have to bother explaining how awesome these were after just reading sweet corn and mac 'n cheese, then either this place isn't for you or you dislike corn and/or mac n' cheese. If that's the case, then I ask - do you like food? Really? =)
Didn't want to order dessert but saw chocolate tres leches and had to have it. Wasn't as good as the tres leches that Valanni used to serve but it was delicious nonetheless, and not overly sweet. Great texture, would have loved to see that tempting puddle of milk at the bottom of the cake, but it was good in its own right. I'm hungry just thinking about Xochitl - it was Xo Xo good. 
I'll be coming back!The ambiance of this place was great, but the price and the food was not. I suffered food poisoning as a result of eating here (along with another friend of mine who had the same dish). Needless to say, I would not return as a result of that.The restaurant is gorgeous to start with. It's perfectly appointed and dimly lit. The Margaritas were just voted the best in town by Philadelphia Magazine - not a bad reason to stop by in and of itself. There is a two hour happy hour 5-7 and also a late night menu. The guacamole is made fresh right at your table - so you can add more of what you like and less of what you don't. It was absolutely fabulous. My girlfriend and I split a mixed grill platter with skirt steak (cooked perfectly), chicken, shrimp, blood sausage, and Chihuahua cheese (both hard and melted - which is still firm). There were also peppers, onions, and two sauces on the platter (hot and very hot). It was also served with warm tortillas. This was one of the few platters on the menu designed for two people to share. The service was fantastic. At a Mexican restaurant its important never to have an empty glass of water as you never know when the next kick in the throat might come. We were taken care of very well by a very knowledgable staff. We didn't have any dessert, but they looked amazing. A trio of flans, a carmelized bananas dessert, an apple empanada with cinnamon ice cream, and then finally chocolate churros. All in all a fantastic evening at a great new restaurant right off South Street in Headhouse Square. Definitely check this place out!food, atmosphere, location were great! Pete, the owner, is very gracious.Have been wanting to try this place for years and finally came on a Saturday evening for dinner. Unfortunately was very disappointed and won't be back any time soon. Similar upscale Mexican restaurants like Tequilas in the city are much better. We got their signature guacamole that has pineapple in it - zero flavor and we even told that to our waitress after we requested salt/pepper to try and add some taste to it. She said she'd inform the kitchen, but most restaurants would then offer something else or take it off your bill. My boyfriend got the Campechana ceviche and that was great and a good size portion. However, my shrimp enchiladas were disappointing. Shrimp was cooked perfectly and loved the side salad, but the chef drenched the sauce with salt and I couldn't finish the meal.
Giving this review three stars versus fewer since the the margaritas were delicious. I got the strawberry basil and my boyfriend got their ultimate margarita, which had top-shelf liquor.Decent Mexican cuisine in Society Hill.
So there was lots of talk about this place recently with the whole Top Chef thing, but that wasn't my reason to go there for dinner...It's been on my list.
Anyway...it's in a really nice area on a small street close to  2nd and Pine in Headhouse Square.  Its interesting walking in since it splits off into 3 areas.  The first side is the bar area with some table, and on the other side was another area with mostly tables.  Downstairs  is the lounge which i think is very popular, since while we were there we noticed lots of people coming in and just heading straight downstairs.
The menu was pretty decent.  Lots of familiar things, and overall a good mix of ceviches, small plates and a few larger plates of meats and seafood and drinks and such.  However that saying, you won't find names like fajita, burrito, enchilada, etc. 
We started out with margaritas, which were actually really good.  But anything is pretty good with tequila right?  Then we had the "Vuelve" ceviche, shrimp octopus, scallops and oysters, which again was a nice starter.  Very refreshing and well portioned for two.  Next was some baby goat (don't knock it till you try it, goat in general I mean) and the parrillada, which was a mix of chicken, steak, shrimp and duck.  Interesting....my goat was pretty good, cooked well, could have done with some more heat and seasoning.  The parrillada was good as well.  
Service was great, our waitress was very attentive and made some good suggestions for us.
I was expecting something more, but it didn't really live up to all the hype for me.  Not saying I won't go back or it wasn't good, but that besides great presentation of food, nice drinks and a cool lounge, there is better mexican food to be had in town.This bar was very low key and loungy. My fiance had planned a surprise get together here to celebrate our engagement, and the place was definitely hip, clean, and spacious enough to dance to what the dj was spinning. I didn't eat the food, but I arrived on the tail end of their margarita special, and as a margarita connoisseur, I wasn't all that impressed. After a shot of tequila and spicy tomato juice, everything tasted good. Definitely a fun place for chilling. Next time I'll try the food.We ate here exactly a year ago and left feeling that we had eaten some of the best mexican food in Philadelphia. The table side guacamole, excellent margaritas, some of the best ceviche in Philadelphia and a stand out goat stew. 
Boy have things changed over the last year. The menu is now toned down to a couple of small plates, tacos, tortas and about 4 large plates. The margaritas are still excellent but unfortunately loaded with ice and good for about four large sips. 
We had a disappointing start to our meal. The extremely fresh table side guacamole was our reason for returning. Sadly we were presented with a large dish of chips with a scoop of guacamole that was heavy on lime. Ok with drinks, but no comparison to the predecessor. Tuna Ceviche followed with a grey oddly textured mound of tuna. I really did not like this dish (something was amuck) Of the three appetizers we ordered, the lamb tamale was easily the best. Rich lamb enveloped in a very nice casing of masa.
For entrees, I had the pork cheek tacos that were braised in beer and served with a walnut mole. While the pork was braised perfectly, the mole was low on flavor (which is kinda sad as far as moles go) My girlfriend had the stuffed chicken breast, that you really could not identify what the stuffing was. The innards were spongy, with a hint of salt. This is the type of entree that I would expect to be served at a poorly/cheaply catered wedding. 
While you will most definitely be disappointed if you had eaten here when it was more upscale, I have to say that this is mediocre Mexican food at best.
Service was attentive and excellent.Guacamole, Guacamole, Guacamole. Their house Guac is out of control. Their Margaritas were disappointing. Their Pollo Frito is outstanding!I had fairly high expectations for Xochitl because I have been to Zahav before (one of its sister restaurants) and had an amazing experience, but I think, no matter my expectations, I would have left a little disappointed.
Went there for an 8:30 reservation on a Thursday night and when I showed up the place, strangely enough, was completely empty except for a couple at the bar. Regardless, my friends and I had a couple of specialty drinks from their menu which were delicious. If you like bloody marys, try their micheleda for a little kick.
Anyways, once our entire party arrived, we were promptly sat.  After persuing the menu we decided to go with the El Sabor prix-fixed-like option which allowed you to choose your own individual entree and appetizer from the menu and it also got you fresh table-prepared guacamole, which ended up being delicious, but we all agreed paled in comparison to El Vez' many versions.
We all ended up choosing a different appetizer and entree so we could taaste the full spectrum of what they had to offer. I got the flank steak which was cooked properly and had a delicious ancho steak sauce poured over it.  The rest of the table got the fried chicken, the salmon, and the tamales, with everyone esaying that their meals were good.
I mean, all in all, the meal was good, it just didnt do anything to separate itself from any other quality mexican restaurant I have been to.  With the reputation that this place has, they should have raised the bar a little higher.Wife and I had dinner here last night for the first time. Being big fans of Mexican food we'd been trying to make time to get there. Over all impression is this place is run very well and has wonderfully creative menu - and above average presentation. 
The margaritas were excellent...but one problem - the 1st round they were light on the alcohol, and very heavy on the ice. The 2nd round was much better proportioned. 
The guacamole is prepared table side - nice touch. We had the evening special made w/ bacon and some type of cheese, along with the rest of the usual items. It was amazing! Also, the chips are clearly home made in their kitchen, and awesome!
I had the soup "Sopa Azteca w/ Fried tortilla, pasilla pepper, crema, avocado and Chihuahua cheese". It was amazing. The broth was superior and they way it was served is again a testament to their creative presentation. 
Wife had the "Costillas de Res - Braised short ribs with sweet potato-chipotle mash" - it was just perfect. 
I had the "Chile en Nogada- Poblano pepper stuffed with ground turkey, dried fruit and nuts, with a creamy walnut sauce and pomegranate". It tasted great, but there was one problem, the ground turkey was almost nonexistent...couldn't have been more than a tablespoon of turkey...pretty lame!
One last thing the young male host at the door was very snooty when we arrived at 7pm and asked for a table for 2. He asked if we had a reservation, which we did not not. He was annoyed that he had to figure out where to seat us. We almost left because of his unpleasantness.Superb! Delicious! Amazing!
This place is possibly some of the best mexican food I have had in years!  I went with friends last sat and although its a little off the beaten path when you are trainin it from Jersey it was still well worth the hike!
I ordered the skirt steak with avocado fries and was very impressed my steak was cooked perfectly and all I can say is the avocado fries are my new favorite food aside from there table side guac.
Ohhh the table side quac was so good I was very tempted to just stick my face in the bowl to lick it clean but didnt want to offend my friends I was dining with.
All In all a wonderful experience great service and a very relaxed atmosphere.I wish I could give this zero stars. Last week 5 Of us went here for restaurant week - and I wish I could say we had a good experience. Before we had even ordered anything or got introduced to the menu etc our waiter felt he needed to 'school' us on what proper eating out ettiquete is and by that I mean he reprimanded 5 girls. He said that after a few girls hadordered drinks at the bar with 5 credit cards that "we should know better- and it wasn't a good look". No joke exact words from him. Now maybe we should all have cash but between work fulltime and making out reservation time we did not have time to make an ATM stop- but honestly we are spending our hard earned money at your establishment and you think it is ok to yell at us? Our tab was over 225 so clearly not a cheap night out. 
I wish I could remember name of the waiter but we were so disgusted and uncomfortable we got out of there as soon as possible. Don't go here cause honestly who spends money then to have your experience ruined.Probably the best margaritas in Phiily I've had. Spectacular guacamole, and the downstairs is lots of fun on weekends to shake it out. The prixe fixe menu has been great the past couple of times we went.This is a little hidden Spanish restaurant in Society Hill. I found the food to be wonderful and completely filling, but with the perfect portion size. They have a lot of selections to meet everyone's needs and they have great prices. I suggest the dips as they had multiple kinds with the perfect homemade tortillas chips!There are many other better Mexican restaurants in the city for both food and drinks. We started with the create-your-own guacamole. We added a few ingredients, including roasted garlic, roasted tomatoes, and cheese. It was mediocre at best. The house made tortilla chips were a bit stale that the guacamole was served with. My wife and I ordered the huarache de hongos (flatbread with mushrooms, artichokes with manchego and cotija cheese) and ahi tuna ceviche as appetizers. The hongos tasted like you were eating pure melted cheese. I couldn't taste the mushrooms or artichoke. The ahi tuna ceviche was terrible. I couldn't tell if I was eating regular salsa from a food store or ahi tuna ceviche. We had the camarones con caldo for our entree. The shrimp were not seasoned or marinated. The tomato chili broth they were served with was too spicy and lacked zest. Best part of the entire meal was the plantains that came with the entree. As for the drinks, the menu looks awesome. The number of tequila options is vast. I really liked the Kah tequila flight but the mixed drinks were disappointing. The blood orange margarita was too sweet. The pineapple margarita tasted like someone squeezed an entire lemon into your mouth. Not worth coming back here.Yowsa', most everything we got here had some spice. But I love some spice, so no complaints there. 
We ate in the bar, but unless the dining room is a shack of some sort, I can't imagine that it would be anything but possibly better then what we experienced.
The menu was inventive, and I knew things were off to a good start with the tostadas de ceviche appetizer, which had the perfect amount of citrus, and tender chunks of seafood. The octopus had a nice texture-- and I do not like octopus, but this go around it was surprisely not chewy. 
For dinner, the boy had the pork shank, which annoyed me because who goes to a pricey spot to get pork?? But I was silenced - it was awesome, crazy fall-off-the-bone tender when you sank your fork into it. 
I had the barbacoa, and though I've never really been much of a goat meat fan, it was incredible. Beware the tiny thai peppers sitting on the plate--unless your mouth is iron-coated, it'll burn a hole. The cactus salad on the side was also tasty! 
For dessert, we had the churros with chocolate and caramel-esque dipping sauces. We literally ate all the sauce out of the little dipping bowls. This is now my churros and margarita spot of choice (with a side of dinner). Plus this place is sooooo pretty.For a restaurant that's only been around five years, they've changed numerous times -- in personnel, decor, menu and attitude -- and this final upheaval appears to have knocked them greatly.
I used to love Xochitl, heading there from my nearby apartment very frequently for happy hour margaritas, steak tacos and the awesome bar menu. But after Cook and Solo sold the restaurant last summer, things have gone downhill.
Though the staff is said to still be the same, the quality just doesn't seem so. It's just not quite right -- the service is decent, though don't expect them to tell you prices for specials if they are not listed. The food has changed with the new chef and it just isn't working. 
Some of the best menu items are no longer there, including the tortilla soup, and it appears the bar menu is no longer available. In general, prices have increased but the value has not. A recent dinner with three girlfriends, with an order of guac, three entrees and one drink each, cost us more than $150 and we each left hungry. The highly touted fried chicken was lackluster and the camarones con caldo, while cooked well, wasn't balanced in its seasoning. Too much adobo.
Some great items still remain, like the Xochitl salad, guacamole with added crab meat, steak tacos and all the desserts (especially the flan). 
But for me, Xochitl is destined to be a spot for drinks and small snacks only.Guac + Queso Fundido + Skirt Steak + Tres Leches = the best meal you've ever eaten.  Ever.  And the waitstaff is so friendly.  I don't live in Philly anymore (so sad!) but I make a point of stopping by when I'm driving around the BosWash megalopolis (it's so good it's worth the trip from the Turnpike).  I've found some of the other dishes a bit inconsistent (though still really tasty), but if you stick with the above-mentioned combo, you will *not* be disappointed.1.  Who doesn't have a vegetarian taco?  The La Azteca torta was really disappointing.  Very dry, and I couldn't taste (or find) the corn or mushroom.
2.  The guacamole was good, but really could use some cilantro.  
3.  The queso fundido was tasty, but so oily it made my stomach hurt.  And the mushrooms that came on the side were still pretty dry.
4.  The la chilindrina was very tasty.  
5.  The service was slow and it took a really long time to get our drinks and entrees.  
I would go back for drinks and a snack, but not for dinner again until they update their menu for 2010.  There are a lot of vegetarians in Philadelphia these days.In town from Chicago for a conference and I ate here tonight with my sister and some friends. We were able to get a table for 5 despite the fact we didn't have a reservation. To start, I had the house margarita and a watermelon margarita. My sister had a mango margarita. All were very good. For food, I shared fish tacos, the spicy brisket tacos and the crab ceviche with my sister. The tacos could have been a bit more spicy for my taste, but they were all very tasty. I loved the ceviche. Others at the table had the chicken tacos, as well. We ended the meal with the triple leche chocolate cake - very good! Others had the flan and were pleased. Overall, this is great little restaurant made even better by its location in the charming Society Hill neighborhood. I would definitely recommend this place.Xochilt is a lovely restaurant. The music was low enough to hold conversations, the bathroom is clean, but a tad small. The staff was friendly and orderly. The service was great. Now onto the food.
The food there is average at best. It is pricey, but it's old city. You're paying more for the experience and service than the quality of the food. The signature guacamole were good, but I think if you create your own it would be better. A little too sweet for my taste. 
The tacos were great, but I had better. Especially around Washington Ave if you live around Philly. This place is worth a try, but way too pricy.Beat Mexican and margaritas since I lived in Texas. I don't know just throw that compliment around. Just go here.Great place for happy hour!  $5 margaritas are awesome, and being made with only tequila and lime juice is my understanding, also super tasty.  Our bartender was really nice and friendly.  The place was surprisingly NOT crowded at all.  I don't understand why people don't know about this place?  We also managed to order margs after 7 pm, but the bartender still gave us them at happy hour prices.  Score!!
I got a salad entree and, mentioned that I was vegan and asked for black beans instead of meat.  No problem making that accommodation.  The menu did not list that it came with cheese if I am recollecting correctly, but mine came out with cheese on it.  I sent it back no problemo, and got a salad out right quick.  Appreciated that accommodation immensely.
We also had an open table coupon $25 off $50 or more, but it said no alcohol on it. Or no happy hour.  I forget which.  Either way, to go about the problem, the bartender meticulously split our alcohol off of the bill so we could still get hte full benefit.  He was really, just really amazing.  
Excellent service, decent food, and great margs.  4 stars!Attended on a Thursday night during restaurant week with my brother. While we debate the "savings" of the prix fixe offerings it got us out to dinner here sooner than later (normal menu pricing would not have deterred a visit.)  What a surprise. Great relaxed vibe, attentive, friendly service and contemporary Latin decor.
The bar and dining area on the main floor is cozy, could seem tight if the place was packed but not claustrophobic. Except the water closet - and I say W.C. 'cuz that is the size of it. not quite airplane size but smaller than the handicap ones on a 747 (there are additional ones downstairs that I didn't visit.)
Now the food, it was delish. Nothing disappointed from the contemporary Mexican offerings. We started with the table-side prepared quac which was very fresh and tasty. Next were the ceviche de fluke (light and refreshing) and cazuela de chorizo y papas (bold, spicy and a nice compliment to the kale - only way I'll eat kale in the future :-) Third course we dined on the falda de res (flank steak cooked to medium with a great sear around) and carnitas de puerco (tender, melt in your mouth pork cheeks.) All topped off with cajeta cheese cake (from goats milk - you'd have to like goat's milk cheese or it may be too assertive in flavor but rich and creamy just the same) and churros (accompanying Mexican hot chocolate which was rich in flavor but not as thick as the pudding-like variety of Spain.)
Overall a great experience and am looking forward to returning and trying a tequila flight and some other menu items. Contrary to some other recent reviews we had no service issues. And, without seeing the downstairs dining space, I wouldn't suggest a party larger than 8 - beside you never have that much fun with that many people at once anyway :-)You, always so solid with your guacamole made to order, and a "perfect margarita" that is all that. I always want to be tempted further along your menu, but two finely crafted beverages usually push me into "check please."I like the food.  Its not impressive, but its good if you want a little something.  The food is consistent, so is the terrible service.   I have been there at least a dozen times because my husband likes one of their plates and every time we went, there was always a problem.  
First off, if you get there as they are opening, the manager will make you stand outside regardless of the temperature until he feels like opening - regardless of their posted hours.  On several occasions, they walked away with our drinks when there was half still left, then asked if we want another one.  Its clear that they find every way possible to increase the size of your bill.  Another time, I asked if they would mix  soda water with juice in a glass and when the bill came, I was charged for a glass of each.
Recently, their new talent has been bringing one entree (mine), then once its finished, taking the plate and silverware, then bringing my husband's a solid half hour later.  By the way, we both ordered tacos, and other than us, the place was empty.  We were offered drinks to make up for the "confusion" which we were double charged for.  
This place has potential if they can only get the employees to get their acts together and their fingers out of my wallet.  As for me, I make no secret of the fact that its a terrible place to be.I'm really happy with my experience at Xochitl. My boyfriend and I were celebrating our birthdays with dinner there. We sat at the bar since the dining room was full. The hostess offered us the opportunity to sit at one of the tables in the bar downstairs which apparently opens at 6:30, and even came to ask us if we wanted a table downstairs instead. A lot of people were eating at the upstairs bar, and the feel was very pleasant, so we just stayed there. Both bartenders were very nice, and the service was fast and courteous.   
The cocktails are a bit expensive, but delicious and strong! One is definitely enough. I also tried the tamarind aqua fresca, which I don't really know how to describe. Apparently it is a seasonal recipe. I have never had anything like that before, but it was certainly good, and helped me sober up. 
We ordered a guacamole to start, which was great. I had the squid hot pot, and my boyfriend had the pork loin entree. Mine come in a terracotta pot dressed with a lime and red sauce. At $17, it was good and very filling, almost too much food. The pork loin was served with potatoes and little blue corn tortillas in a nice medley of flavors. He complained a little that that his was expensive, and compared to most burrito joint Mexican fare it is, but the portion size and quality are excellent. He said based on the price, he would rate it 4 1/2 stars since he was the one who paid! The food at this place reminds me of the way Lolita was a few years back, but better, especially since it has a full bar. 
Enchanting location right on Headhouse square, where all the little colored lights sparkle on the trees at night. The interior is quaint without being overdone; candles, wrought iron and Mexican tile work, but in keeping with the colonial feel of the building and surrounding area. Very pleasant and enjoyable overall!I loved everything about this place..... from the service, the food and the drinks....
Lets start with the build your own guacamole... which they have a card at the table to check off your ingredents... can I say nice touch. The blood orange margarita was very good.... Had one.... Pork confit tacos aka carnitas..... just amazing.... Marc had the Pollo Frito very tender and a great sauce.... and the side dish of cornbread and greens very good pairing.... Being a girl from California who has had her fair share on Mexican food..... The Chef Gabriel Montalvo came to the table a few times it was great to talk with him about all of the wonderful things he was doing...... to finish we had the fresh doughnuts with two dipping sauces.... which I had the Cafe Coco Martini with YUMMYThe staff was awesome!  From the warm greeting when we walked in to Michelle, our server, taking care of our table to perfection all night! 
Food was pretty good.  Nothing over the top special but solid.  It was fun to build your own Guac.
It was quiet enough for a great conversation over dinner. 
Will come back some day.The lady and I decided to eat here with 2 friends for the restaurant week menu and had a pretty enjoyable time overall.
I started off with the Sopa Azteca and she got the Queso Fundido, both of which were pretty excellent appetizers. I particularly enjoyed the blue corn tortilla chip strips that they poured my soup over, since it offered a fun and crunchy world of taste.
My Ceviche de Salmon that came after that was well done too, and I could tell it was all very fresh. Not a huge fan of foam in general but I didn't mind the corn foam.
The main course was the only real issue with my experience, since I ordered the stuffed poblano pepper with ground beef and a creamy sauce. It was delicious, but as far as entrees are concerned, I could have had three times their portion and still would have not been full.
The tres leches dessert saved it all though. It was way better than ones I've had before, and that's saying a lot.
The atmosphere could have been a little darker for being a pretty small dining area, but no glaring complaints here.Went there for restaurant week.  Very impressed.
I had a margarita at the bar that was one of the best I've had.  For dinner, I had the Sopa Azteca to start and then the Costillas de Res.  Both were excellent (and I'm usually very picky about mexican food).  For desert, freshly made Churros!Meh...I'm actually writing this review as I sit here waiting to pay....so far it's taken 23-minutes to get our bill. 
Some notes:
1) if someone makes a reservation sit them in your main dining room...not at a high table in the bar. 
2). Service is slow. 
3). Get the guac. It's great. 
4). Stop at the chips and guac!
5). Stay away from the seafood tacos, entrees, & ceviche. All the seafood is way too fishy with a terribly fishy smell and aftertaste. 
She just gave us our bill....26 minutes.I may have said this before, but I'm one of those people that don't revisit a restaurant too often.  Not because they suck, but because there are sooooo many places to try.  I'm also one of those people that rarely give 5 stars (without some mention of how it should really be 4.5).  However, Xochitl has commanded both a revisit (and a re-revisit, with more in the future), and 5 genuine stars from me.  
I've been here several times now, and each time I've been really pleased.  I've liked everything I've ever tried.  I won't go into specifics because the other reviewers have covered that pretty well.  Also, at this point, between my friends and I, we've probably tried the whole menu.  So this review applies to the whole menu.  The guacamole, ceviche and main entrees are all, as Guy Fieri (hate him) would say, "Money".  
And if you needed any more reason to give this place respect, the Chef, Dionicio Jimenez started off as a dishwasher and worked his way up from Vetri's kitchen to open this place.  Mad props.Highly recommend trying out Xochitl, especially if you are gluten-free. Great margaritas, great service, and loved the idea of filling out a guacamole card with the ingredients you like. Went there for restaurant week and definitely worth it!Xochitl (pronounced so-cheet)....the positives are endless....
What? What was that? You have Happy Hour every day of the week including Saturdays and Sundays?? 
Awesome.
Your Happy Hour features 5 dollar authentic tasting margaritas without all that  high fructose corn syrup, sugary pre-made margarita mix??
 Awesome.
You can order Happy Hour specials even while sitting at a table and not just at the bar??
 Awesome.
Your new menu is very reasonably priced and the food is still fantastic?? 
Awesome.
Your service is great and my water glass is never below half full (for all you Optimists out there)??
 Awesome.
I can earn 1000 Open Table points if I make a reservation on a Tuesday?? 
Awesome.
Your Fluke Ceviche is everything you'd want in a ceviche and yet classically simple and only 10 dollars??
Really awesome.
The only negative I can think of....
Why did you stop making the guacomole tableside? Everyone loved that and it's such a nice, unique and authentic touch.
I've been here twice in a two week period and I think I'll be back again in the near future. Looks like I'm becoming a Regular!Had an excellent time at Xochitl. It was my friend and my first visit and it likely won't be the last. The food was fantastic and the service was excellent. We really particularly enjoyed the personable attention given by Kate, one of the bartenders. In fact the only negative part of our dinner was when we asked to be seated at a different table and the bald manager gave us a little unnecessary attitude. Also after we finished and payed the check we stayed at our table for a few minutes to allow the food to digest a bit before we headed in our way out and he kept watching us making us feel a little rushed to leave despite the restaurant not being very busy. 
Again no issues with the food, the service, or the staff. I just think the manager could have been a little more hospitable.Great happy hour margaritas!  They are made fresh with the lime juice squeezed right there.  I like that vs the pre-made sugary mix.  The food is ok and the prices are a bit steep for the smaller plates.  I'd come back but stick to drinks.Really good margaritas.
Food was pretty decent too but I'm not rushing back.Amazing guacamole, great bar drinks and ice cold beer before we enjoyed good service and good food. You can't go wrong with the chicken tortilla soup, the roasted poblano and the tres leche cake. We're looking forward to trying a "taco" date night. Hope you enjoy as much as we did!The best meal that I had the entire week that I was in Philly!
I had had my share of Philly Cheesesteak Samiches, Colonial American food at City Tavern, and room service while I was in Philly. By the time my last night rolled around, I needed SPICE. A girl from the Bay area needs some flavor in her diet!!
My coworker and I started off with a guacamole infused with truffle oil. YUM! I had the barbacoa, it was delcious and melted in my mouth. It went along well with my margarita. For dessert, I had miniature churros with a caramel and chocolate dipping sauce, along with some mexican hot chocolate. 
Delicious!! The only thing that makes me sad is that its all the way in Philly. The atmosphere is beautiful and its not your average Mexican joint. If you're a local, I envy you. I hope I get another opportunity to come back to Philly because I am craving the food already!The guacamole was pretty good, it made it more satisfying to create your own guacamole recipe and the chips that came with it were good too. 
I ordered the Tacos al a Pastor and was sorely disappointed. The meat was dry and lacked flavor, and when I asked for salsa to add to the tacos they gave me sliced onions and pineapple (the pineapple was bland too.) My wife order the brisket tacos, which had more flavor than the al Pastor, but still left me wanting more. 
I guess Xochitl tries to specialize in drinks/margaritas, because their food just didn't do it.Good intentions.  Really blah on the plate.  1) customized guacamole was really nice but damn the serving was small.  2) enchiladas had nice flavor but were so cold the sauce started to congeal. Btw, that's gross.  Otherwise ok.  Have had better.Poor slow service, forgot a number of items, glibly told us they wouldn't split a check. Food was small and mediocre. Had the red snapper, table had a number of entres drinks and appetizers, no one was impressed. Joked about going to taco bell afterwards. Not going to return.Inviting decor and hip menu drew us in.  We had a few drinks and bites at the bar on a busy Saturday evening.  The Nono cocktail had a blend of cucumber and Chartreuse (the bartender explained the herbacious character of the green liquor as he poured)...great departure from the sickly sweetness of most cocktails (I avoid them usually).
We had the chorizo, duck, and goat cheese sopes...each item served atop a corn meal sopa...so good, reminds me of the great Tex-Mex I grew up with in South Texas. Three sauces to compliment...my only regret is that we didn't order another plate.
Reading the reviews on Yelp, I went for some Guac...not too bad...could've used a touch more acid, but I'm thinking if we ordered it at the table instead of the bar, you can control the flavor. Chips were thick, crunchy fried tortillas...very nice touch to go with the lumps of avacado in the guac.
We're going to bring our brother next time he's in Philly for sure, not only is he a margarita connoisseur, but he's a health & restaurant inspector...we're sure he'll love Xochitl.Xochitl has been on my list of places to try for quite some time. A Groupon and a special occasion finally led me to dinner there recently.
I don't like to give 5 star reviews after just one visit, however I honestly can't think of a reason not to. The food was fabulous as was the service, drinks and atmosphere. There's no reason they don't deserve this 5.
My husband and I arrived a little before our reservation to check out happy hour. We sat at the bar and were able to enjoy a few of their delicious margaritas. They don't use mixes and you can taste the fresh squeezed lime. They were strong, but you couldn't tell. 
So we got the Groupon deal that others have mentioned. It includes a shared guacamole, shared flatbread, choice of two entrees and shared dessert. They were so very kind as to let us do a little menu modification. Rather than the shared flatbread, we opted for our own guacamoles, which excited me since I could try it with ingredients my husband doesn't like.
Wait, ingredients in guacamole? Yep, you get to customize it. I opted for Spanish onion, raw garlic, cilantro, jalapeno, crab and goat cheese. It was heavenly! It was so creamy, and it had the perfect balance between tasting the individual ingredients and being well blended. The chips were light and crispy with a nice amount of saltiness. 
For our entrees, my husband and I decided to share the braised short rib and Pollo Fritto. I'm honestly not fan of ordering chicken out, but the Yelp reviews swayed us in the direction of the Pollo Fritto. Do yourself a flavor and get it. It was lightly fried chicken was very packed with flavor. The skin and meat were delectable. The short rib was also top notch and I would have been raving more about it, if the Pollo Fritto wasn't so darn good. Amazing, amazing, amazing. The sides were delicious as well. 
The meal came with a chocolate sponge cake soaked in triple chocolate cream with whipped cream and coco power. It was plated with a big "X" for Xochtil on it. Not only was the dessert good, but I enjoyed the presentation. A chocolate sponge cake could have looked so boring. 
The Groupon also comes with a wine pairing for each course except dessert. With the exception of the main course, you didn't get an option. For the main course you could choose between a Malbec or a Chardonnay. The wines were enjoyable and on point with each course. 
As I mentioned earlier, we also had top notch service. Our server was attentive, friendly, funny but not the least bit intrusive. 
Pro tip: you are allowed to buy this Groupon every 90 days.
Groupon or not, we will be back. Despite taking so long to actually try it in the first place, Xochtil has quickly found a place on my favorites list.I took a date here recently and had a wonderful time. I happen to love michilada (the spiced up beer concoction that Ryan C didn't like) . In fairness it is a bit of a stretch for most beer drinkers, but hey not all Mexican beers are the best and need to be sex'd up a bit. Don't do this with a dark beer and while you can use any lager, I suggest Tecate as I feel this to be the least flavorful of Mexican beers. It is spicy, so all of you out here in PA that refuse to try anything hotter than ketchup should stay away. My date's sangria was done beautifully as well.
So this really is the best Mexican food I've found here in Philly. It is not your Taco Bell/North Border (or what ever the hell that weak ass shit is called) but rather an authentic interior Mexican restaurant. It is a cuisine and this place does a wonderful job of showcasing it's subtleties. 
Oh, if anyone knows of a good Taqueria let me know please :)PROS: Tasty guacamole, generous portions
CONS: Frankly, other menu items missed the mark
The custom guacamole appetizer was delicious. From then on, it was mostly downhill. The tortilla chips that went with the guac were substandard. My soft fish tacos were subtle, flavored mildly by a coleslaw-like topping --- not bad  but not outstanding. The huarache de hongos, though, was horrible --- an overly greasy, overfried, unappetizing imitation of a pizza. Unfortunately, this was a miss for me.Stopped in for dinner with the wife this past Friday. While we didnt end up staying for an actual dinner, we did order some drinks and share a few items off the menu to hold us over. Heres the long and the short...
The mushroom/artichoke flatbread was visually appealing but somewhat bland. Short rib tamale wasnt exactly a tamale as it was a pile of short rib on top of a few masa medallions. To their credit, the short rib itself was tasty, but the dish was so over-engineered I wish it just came wrapped in a damn corn husk. 
Our favorite was the carnitas tacos. Easily among the most flavorful and well executed carnitas I've had in a long time. Tender shredded pork finish fried to a crisp, served on proper corn tortillas with diced onions and cilantro. Thats the one thing I would come back for (at the moment).  I only wish they werent so damn small, especially for $12. 
Overall, it would seem all the right elements are in place for a successful contemporary mexican restaurant - picturesque location, competant bar with heavy pours, and some decent flavor coming out of the kitchen. So why the 2 stars? My biggest gripes are with the tapas sized dishes with entree sized prices, and the hit-or-miss service. In our circumstance, our wait staff seemed to alternate between the manager on duty and a roving waiter, neither of which was sure who was responsible for our table. Also, we ordered 2 mojitos when we sat down... they were the last and only drinks to hit our table for the duration of our meal, despite being finished before the food ever got there. It was OK though, we got drinks somewhere else after we left. 
I really want this place to be successful, they just need to work out their growing pains. Maybe I'd go back for happy hour, but not anytime soon.Create your own guacamole recipe! Margaritas were good. Brisket and fish tacos were both good. Rice and manchego & street corn sides were great. Our server was real nice too.I'm disappointed with myself that I never wandered into Xochitl after living in the area for so long. I'm very happy that a friend dragged me inside one night for a few late evening tacos. 
Though I only ate a taco ,some guac and took a sip of his drink (meaning I can't officially comment on the food/drink), I was impressed with the place. We sat at the bar, watch the tail end of a game, and enjoyed the crowd. The place was surprisingly full (at least I was surprised) for late on a Thursday, and everyone there seemed to be enjoying themselves. wait staff was friendly, decor inviting - I can't wait to go back!The best margaritas in the world . 
The food was fantastic. Get the guacamole,  they make it to your exact specifications.  We had the mole Cornish hen and vegetable enchalada. 
All were perfect . We went here last night we were the last guest arriving about 10 minutes before the kitchen was set to close and they made us feel so welcome. 
Thanks.I'd really like to give this place 3.5 stars, but I'm an eternal optimist so I'll round up.
Sat down at 8:15pm on a Thursday night- we were one of 4 tables upstairs and I'm assuming downstairs was busy- plates and servers were running up and down the stairs.  We did three courses (and I am too lazy to go to the website and find the actual names of what we ordered so bear with me).
Guacamole- fresh and delicious.  Presentation was kind of crappy.
Crispy pork skins- very good.  Served warm and they crackled in your mouth.  Eating one with the accompanying radish and salsa all in one bite was great, all sorts of tastes at once.
Octopus on skewers with mole- ok, not my favorite of the night.
Chorizo with potatoes and kale- so hearty and filling.
Cuban-  made with pork belly.  'Nuff said.
Three little soft tacos with cheek, and then three with brisket and a bacalao cream.  Cheek was good, not a bacalao fan at all but my husband really enjoyed.
So, why 3.5 stars?  THIS MEAL TOOK FOREVER.  First course came out right away, then a 20 minute wait for #2, then 15 minutes for #3.  It seemed as though there was a 20 minute period where everyone in the dining room was waiting for food.  Our server, however, was excellent and attentive and apologized profusely.  Said that our courses didn't come up in order and she wanted our first experience here to be perfect.  Very nice.  Then, she sent out free desserts- a creamy yet light flan with pineapple and strawberries, and churros and hot chocolate.
We'll be back, we just won't walk in famished!I came here last night with my boyfriend and had a pretty nice experience. My favorite part was the customized guacamole - I usually prefer salsa to guac but this place had a sheet you fill out, and they make your guac with the ingredients you request. It came out deliciously fresh, and it had a nice kick to it because we added jalepenos. 
They had a huge selection of tequila as well. My boyfriend is more knowledgeable about tequila than I am, so he got a flight, and I got the rose margarita. I think I will go for the flight next time - we had the Manager's special and I enjoyed all three. 
This place is pretty pricey, so to save money, we got the Molcajete dinner for two which is a special they run Sunday through Thursday - it's basically a make your own fajitas type deal. They give you carnitas, chorizo, chicken, short rib, onions, cheese, and cactus leaf, all in a salsa (red or green - we got green) and sizzling in a hot stone bowl made from molten lava. 
Although this meal was good, it wasn't outstanding, and that's why I'm giving it three stars instead of four. The tortillas had no flavor, and there weren't enough toppings for the fajitas, so they wound up being basically all meat. I would've liked more onion, rice would have been ideal, and they should give peppers instead of  the cactus leaf (it had no flavor at all). 
The salsa was tasty though, and the meat was pretty good (chicken was the best in my opinion). 
I would go back for the guac, but I like the same molcajete meal at Tequilas better.we took the train in from jersey last night and got off at the market-8th street station. i have no spacial knowledge of philly so the walk was longer than i expected, and resulted in mangled feet due to the stupid shoes i was wearing... but i would do it again in a heartbeat.
we got to the restaurant a little early so we could take advantage of the saturday happy hour. ($2 dos equis and $5 house margaritas from 5-7pm) i love tequila, but had only ever really drank patron and i wanted to try something different. i ordered a flight of tequila, which included patron silver, corozon blanco, and don julio blanco. thanks to erin, the bartender, i found a new favorite tequila. (the corozon)
and now on to dinner. i was excited about table-side guacamole, but got even more excited when i was told that there were options for the dish. one option had montenegro cheese and bacon, another had montenegro and chihuahua cheese and black truffles, and the other had blue cheese. we went with the truffle guacamole. i'm not lying when the entire table was considering licking the lava bowl clean. for dinner i couldn't decide on a main dish so i got two appetizers: sopes and a ceviche. the chorizo and duck sopes were perfect. the ceviche i got had shrimp, scallops, octopus, and oysters, and came with a mexican cocktail sauce. i wanted to eat it all but had to stop myself for fear of bursting. my friend and fiance bot got the skirt steak because it came with avocado fries (!).  they were slices of avocado, lightly breaded, and flash-fried. amazing. for dessert we went with churros and chocolate and the trio of tacos, which were more like canoles.
in short, the meal made me so happy that i wanted to just hug everyone.Pretty pricey food, small amts.Guac. at table was good. It's new age mx food. Margaritas are different, u have to like non traditional ones, I had 2 different ones, I didn't enjoy them, but drank them. A tight place to sit in. Bathroom is unisex and extra small. Your knees will hit the door when u sit. Sink to low, water splashes all on your shoes & flr. When we got our check we all took a Dbl take. And most of us left hungry, even after a pricey sm. dessert. Good luck!I used to think the food here was nothing to brag about, but I recently went and was really surprised. My dinner was outstanding! I had the crab ceviche to start followed by the seafood enchiladas- so good. The best part though was the side of corn- it was so good, i think they sprinkle crack in it. As far as drinks go- I always went here for a good cocktail. The El Pepino is on point.Let me start by saying that I have never had a bad meal at Xochitl.  This is currently our favorite place in Philly.  The atmosphere is warm and friendly, the servers are always helpful, courteous and available for recommendations and the drink specials are excellent (my favorite is the Amarillo with pineapple infused tequila).  The food is absolutely fantastic.  They offer a creative take on Mexican cuisine that leaves you wishing you hadn't finished it so you can have more.  We love the user defined guacamole and each dish is better than the last.  We will definitely be back.....Preface/Warning: I am a Hispanic SF native!!! 
Why do I need to say this? Because as I navigate through Philadelphia's "Mexican" food offerings, I am becoming way too bitter. Because obviously, I know what REAL Mexican food is. . Xochitl is NOT I repeat NOT authentic Mexican food. I came in here knowing that full well but I of course was trying to keep an open mind. 
The fact that they need to put "So-Cheet" on the sign was my first annoyance. I get it, it's not a common name, and in Society Hill lets be real, not many people can pronounce it without that help. My second annoyance was our waiter, a tall thin Buddy Holy hipster. While I looked over the menu I asked if the margarita's were offered only on the rocks or blended as well? "No we put them in a shaker and blend them before they are served" Uhhhhh... I think to myself, is this guy f*cking with me?! I guess I have to say "frozen"?  When our drinks arrive I notice my friends "Sangria" has ice in it and one tiiiiiny piece of apple? What in the fame of Jesus Christo is going on here?!?!!?
I look over the menu and think OK so it's "White people Mexican fusion" I got itttttt. At least they have the good sense not to put cheddar or American cheese on anything. But come on!!! You are trying way too hard, Xochitl. I ordered the fish tacos and discover that even at $16 friggin dollars they do not come with any sides. Are you kidding me?!?! Dear Lord Baby Jesus!!!!  I can feed an entire family real Mexican food on Mission St. for that. They tasted awful. The fish was soaked in some kind of oil and tasted fishy rather than spiced. I had two bites of one, pushed it aside and instead ate off of everyone Else's plates. 
The carnitas tacos were edible but not note worthy. The star dishes of the night were the build your own guac (still some options like tuna?! which I refused to let my friends add were laughable) and the aroz con manchgo. The "Mexican STREET corn" ok Esquites was so so. Thank god for my house "blended in a shaker" Margarita or I might have just started a riot in the middle of the downstairs seating area. Yes, did I mention we were seated next to the bathrooms downstairs? I had to be stopped from asking our Hispanic runner if she was sour that she has to serve this crap all day. 
Sigh. The hostess was friendly, the runner was sweet and our water glasses were filled regularly but our waiter was a joke. He never once asked us how the food was and my friend said that on more than one occasion as he checked on the table of uppity young d-bags next to us, he'd look over and simply walk away. What about the bond between hipsters, com-padre? 
I will pay top dollar for good food. I will pay a fortune for good authentic Mexican food at this point. Xochitl is neither. 2 stars for the nice hostess, table runner, good guac, and rice. But for now I'll stick to Chipotle.I love this place. Very much feels like a hole in the wall. It is quiet and unassuming. But the drinks were great. Go for happy hour! $6 margaritas are totally worth it (and they are strong!! :D ). The staff is so friendly and fun. I can't wait to go back.For starters, we had a hard time getting a reservation here.  We made it three weeks in advance and the best time slot available was 8:15.  When we arrived, the bar was packed, but the tables were empty.
The drinks are better than the food.  By far.  The food isn't bad by any means, it just isn't stellar.  The fact that this place has been on the Best of Philly list and is run by the same people as Zahav (way better, btw) means that I walked in with high expectations.  The servings are small even though they are meant for sharing.  The food bordered on bland.  Service was excellent though.
I'd recommend Zahav over Xochitl.  Or if you're really looking for Mexican in the city, check out Lolita.I have never before wished harm on the chef of an establishment, but I wish for the hands of the chef at Xochitl to fall off. Also may the hands of whoever is controlling the music and its volume fall off. Way too loud. If your servers have to yell at the guests just to ask if they want a drink then the music is too loud. Which in turn causes patrons to yell to have conversation which only adds to the awful din. 
Now as a preface we went here during restaurant week. But the place was not packed so I see little excuses for the kitchen to be so abhorrently slow. Service was average with the exception of the busing staff. They were prompt, friendly, and efficient. I hope the servers tip out to them. 
Now lets get to the awfulness that is the food. If you are vegetarian or even occasionally enjoy a veggie dish or two like me, do not come here. I was enticed in by descriptions of dishes like Azteca civeche "Pickled late-summer vegetables served on warm sopes with salsa verde". Sounds tasty right? Wrong, it was a sloppy mess of veggies which ranged from pure vinegar to raw. The taste was nothing but sour and overly spicy. None of the veggies retained their own flavors. Moving on to the next course was only slightly better. The pumpkin & black bean empanadas were good but the black bean and the salsa negra overpowered the pumpkin. The final savory dish was terrible. The calabacitas description as follows sounds good "Summer squash with their blossoms, vegetarian mole verde, swiss chard, pickled fennel" but what I received was once again a sloppy mess of homogeneous textures, colors, and flavors that made me gag. This was served on a flavorless blue corn tortilla. This kind of food makes me weep for vegetarians who this chef ,obviously neither understand nor likes. Why would you serve something like this? I would be ashamed to let this out of my kitchen. Vegetarians do like flavor. At least a little salt or something. 
The desserts were all average and felt like I could duplicated by getting a mix from my famous aunt Betty. The flan being the only exception, it was actually very nice. 
In summary, we left discussing whether or not to stop by McD's to get some descent food on the way home. I got home and ate some tums.Have wanted to try this place for a while.  A)  I love the Headhouse area and B) the food looked interesting.  The restaurant is a tiny place, it looked like one waitress serving all the tables.  The guacamole is great, as everyone has said.  You get a nice big serving of it.  And the food we ordered was very tasty.
Now the annoying... The prices were steep.  I generally will not go above $20 on mexican food, and almost every entree was north of $20.  So we both ordered from the tacos menu.  We got 3 tacos, no rice, no beans, no nothing.  Three tacos for $16?  Steep.  Ordered a side of rice.  If it was a 3 taco PLATTER (rice, beans, etc) for $16 i could have let it go.
They have a Molcajete (tacos for 2) meal which I want to try if I come back.  But ordering off the regular menu is not likely.i was pleased with my experience at xochitl, but not thrilled.  i went for a small bite to eat around 5pm on a tuesday and the place was more or less empty.
the atmosphere is casual and comfortable (however i would prefer they have more booths and fewer tables), but also classy.  very unpretentious.  my service was stellar, and if i was rating my experience on service alone, it would get a 5.  my server's name was Mike.  he was very friendly and attentive, and of course it didn't hurt that he was pretty damn cute to boot.
all i had was guacamole, as i wasn't terribly hungry.  the guacamole was $9, so i was expecting a very generous portion ... i must admit that i was taken by surprise when they brought out a TINY little dish of it (maybe 5" in circumference tops).  for less than that in my hometown of lancaster, i can get an enormous lava dish piled high with guacamole made fresh & tableside.  it filled me up, and guacamole doesn't make for good leftovers, so i guess it was all for the best ... but i was underwhelmed.  if i were in manhattan, i'd expect this ... but philadelphia?  no.  i am disappoint.
however, i enjoyed my experience enough that i think i'll give this place a shot for dinner, and the waiter told me that they have half-price tacos and half-price patron on thursdays from 8pm-10pm.  perhaps you'll see an update from me in a few months.The guacamole is awesome and I would say they have the best margarita in Philadelphia. The churros were also quite tasty.
If you go thurs-sat and go downstairs there is a late night happy hour 10-12 which includes the margaritas for $5!!!
I am a frequent late night happy hour attender now that my friend filled me in on this!Way too expensive for a Mexican place in Philly!
The food is average for a mexican place but you are really paying for the nice society hill location and not the food.
The drinks were watered down and expensive also.
I got the fish tacos and it was about $13 for 2 tiny fish tacos that are not nearly as good as any of the mexican places on washington ave but for double the price.
Others had the Steak for $27 which looked pretty good, but one person's order of a "rare" steak came out completely charred and he had to wait another 20 minutes for it to be remake.
2 stars for our waitor who was very efficient without being intrusive and kept track of the orders for our big group of 14 people.
If you want high end mexican food that is expensive without the food to back it up, then come to this place.  Otherwise, steer clear and go elsewhere in center city, like El Vez insteadOur go to restaurant in town.
Amazing guacamole and best Margarita in Philly (esp if Kate makes it!). Xochitl salad is divine.No.  Not going to pick this place for my birthday dinner again. 
So we get there, I'm looking nice.  It's my birthday and I've been talking about coming here for awhile now.  We show up, we walk down to the basement, get into our squished table and I'm excited.  I think I'm excited because it's my birthday and I'm finally checking out this place.  I can't even say the name of it.  It's become a joke - how many different ways can we say it.  (Oh sheeeet, Ox-tail, Oxchikital, we don't stop).
I order a drink, got a weird look from our waitress but whatever.  Drink comes. Disgusting. I never send anything back, but she's standing in the corner across the way looking at me.  
She comes up: You don't like it
Me: Ehh whatever that herb is in there, it's not its best use in my drink
Waitress: Yeah most people don't like it, I'll get you something else.
Me: Uhhh I'll just take a regular marg.
Ok, so great service, you took it right back, you watched from across the room knowing it was most likely a no-go.... but next time give me a heads up before you put the order in.  Heck maybe even say "let me get you a taste first".
Dinner was meh.  There was a short rib dish that would be my suggestion to order.
The guac was good but isn't that standard at a place like this.  Thats a bare minimum.
I don't think I'm going to give it another shot.I've dined here twice so far. The food, drinks, and service are consistently good. I especially liked the shrimp and plaintains dish, the tortilla soup, and the tacos. The best thing about Xochitl is that the portion sizes are designed for normal people and not IHOP customers. Leaves you full but not way too full. The downstairs seating is a little dim but a better sound level than upstairs. Really good guac and great margaritas, and a good selection of Mexican beers. Desserts are small but delectable, and the staff is friendly and attentive. 
I really want to love this restaurant, but it's a little too expensive for me to visit more often. That being said, happy hour might be a better bet if you want an app or two and some good drinks.Honestly, I was little underwhelmed with my experience at Xochitl.  I've been to the two other Cook + Solo restaurants (Zahav and Percy Street BBQ) and I suppose I was expecting a bit more, especially for the price.
We started with the guacamole, which is made table-side, and it was delicious.  For an entree, I had the brisket.  This was where my faith dwindled.  The meat was fork tender, but a little dry at the same time and a bit bland.  The whipped bacalao on top basically tasted like canned tuna salad and I gave up on it after three bites.  But the scallions and fennel ceviche around the plate did round out the flavors nicely.  My partner got the ribs and enjoyed them.
For dessert, we got the churros and so should everyone.  ever.  They are perfectly crispy on the outside, while moist and fluffy inside.  Add the dipping chocolate and take a ten minute vacation from your life.
So, the pattern of good+meh+good = three stars.  Wait staff was friendly and informative.  Drinks were good and the atmosphere was comfortable.
I would go back to Xochitl, possibly to give it another entree try, or just for apps and drinks.Maybe I was too hungry to thoroughly enjoy the small plates at this Mexican joint. Or maybe it just goes against my basic instinct that mexican food should be simple and plentiful. I don't know -- I had some good things I had some okay thing, but basically I remember the bill most of all and it was shocking. 
My waitress seemed a bit flaky and didn't really want to tell us how much food we should order. I like my wait staff to be assertive, tell me what you really think, sell the food to me, the more the better! Ultimately it's a cool vibe inside Xochitl, maybe I'd return for some apps and a drink but I will likely not be back for another dinner.Went back to Xochitl after a while to find out that its management, chef, and entire staff had changed.  Although the name is the same, it's definitely not the same restaurant.
The food was very good but it doesn't match the incredible cuisine that the prior chef created.  Sadly their drinks have also changed: gone many of the unique concoctions that I loved (such as the El Fumador).  Both the food and drink menus are decidedly uninspired.  The margaritas are good but (i though) a bit over-sweetened.  I have no complaints about the blood orange martini, however.  As for the food, it was just okay - the guac is more modestly portioned than it used to be and the appetizers (at least the ones we got) were bland. The Pollo Frito, supposedly this restaurant's signature dish, was tasty but lacked that out-of-this-world taste that you'd expect for a nearly 30-dollar entree.
Our service was also lacking and I'm willing to chalk it up to an "off night", but when you're just not served two dishes that you've ordered it warrants mentioning.  Other tables' food was also brought to ours.  We received a dessert dish in lieu of the missing appetizer, but nothing was removed from the bill (nor offered to be).  The manager promised to make it up to us "next time".  Sadly, I'm not sure there will be one.For me, price/quality is an important metric. I had a great dinner for 2 here for $100 which is really fair for what we got. What did we get? For one, we got an awesome, made at the table guacamole (Guacamole con Totopos), we added black truffles as an option and it was well worth it. Next we each got an appitizer. I had Ceviche de Callos con Sandia which is a scallop and watermelon ceviche and it was amazing. Super thin sliced and tasty. She had a beet salad which I'm told was awesome (I didn't try it). For dinner, I had Barbacoa de Borrego Borracho which was this slow cooked lamb dish with little tortillas to wrap it in. We had some guacamole left over so I used it up with my mini wraps.. awesome. She had Cazuela de Calamar al Ajillo which was a squid dish that was pretty good as well. We had some drinks at the bar that were pretty good also, but the standout was the Doña Florinda. Service was great and overall, we loved it!Yum!  Everything I have had to eat here is good.  In general the dishes are unique, fresh, and well made.  The quality of the food is so good that I am not afraid to venture outside of my normal comfort zone and try new things... have never been disappointed!  The margaritas and other house specialty drinks are delicious!  The atmosphere of the restaurant is wonderful and the waitstaff is awesome.