Ok first and foremost, this place is amazing.  Both downstairs and upstairs.  I'll break it down and keep it simple for you guys:
-Downstairs: great food, great drinks and beer.  
-Upstairs: karaoke, amazingness, great food, drunk people, loads of fun, total party and good specials time to time.  
I've never left this place remotely sober and I've never had a bad time here.  I love yakatori boy!!!Came here for drinks and some yakitori with a few friends. I was surprised at the prices of each dish. They were very reasonable ($1.50 - $4 for most skewers). 
The yakitori is ordered a la carte, 1 skewer in an order. This really allows you to try a large variety of different meats/veggies.
The atmosphere was my favorite part of the experience. The restaurant is set up so you can easily sit with a large group of friends and merrily drink/eat. There's nothing pretentious or gaudy about the place either, which is always refreshing.
Would come back again!This place is very reasonable for private Karaoke rooms. I'd been craving yakitori also, and was pleasantly surprised with their offerings (although they were a bit on the salty side). On the special days (like Sunday when a friend and I went), an individual room is 15/hour in the early evening, but the fee is waved if you spend 30/hour (as a room, not individually) on food + drinks. Although it was pricey for us, since we were only two people, if you come with 4-6, you could easily spend 30 dollars/hour and have a really fun dinner + karaoke night. 
Food is not amazing or anything, but it's solid. I got the scallion/chicken, liver, chicken skin, shishito skewers, rice and a few things of sushi. All good.I've been here twice. Once was for dinner with a friend which was really good. The other to enjoy some drinks and karaoke (not the rooms, just the bar). It was insanely crowded and the karaoke was poorly managed. I'd like to come back to try a room, but I will never go for the bar again. So four stars for the dinner and one star for the upstairs bar=two stars.This place was great on a wednesday night at the bar. Tiger beer is $2.50 and the Tiger roll was $8.00. Large portions, fresh rolled and responsive service.
I had to go back Thursday night it was so good. 
Two thumbs up for sushi in Philladelphia.My first time at a yakitori/japas place so I don't have much to compare it to. They have an open bar/floor area to hang out/sing to karaoke. There are some tables on the side as well. $6 vodka drinks - not bad. It's just entertaining to watch people sing... and even better... dance when they've had enough drinks. There are also rooms that you can reserve that looked nice (from what I could see on the outside).I used to come here week after week for the Wednesday $2.50 sushi roll special. We couldn't believe how awesome this deal was! Somebody pinch me!
Then it finally hit me that these rolls were extremely tiny, had only 4 pieces, and weren't very fresh. Blergh. I must have been blinded by the bargain yet again.
I've come here on non-Wednesdays as well and wasn't really impressed with the sushi. The karaoke here is fine, but overpriced. I'd rather go to a hole-in-the-wall Korean place in North Philly or Adobe Cafe for a better time.Yakitori Boy is a great place to hang out, grab drinks, and snack to your heart's content.  The staff here are really friendly and quite attentive.  They check up on you pretty frequently, make sure your drinks are filled, etc.  No complaints there!
The skewers here are delicious, and really, you can't find this food anywhere else in Center City.  If you're feeling more adventurous, you can opt for chicken heart, gizzards, and liver.  But even their more "ordinary" fare is good too (like their chicken meatballs and grilled pork).  
I like coming here on Tuesdays and Wednesdays because of the specials.  On Tuesdays, you are offered select skewers for $1, and on Wednesdays there are select rolls that are discounted.Yes...there a many places other then Yakatori Toilet
You got to be fricking kidding....Was here long enough to leave!!!
Visited yakatori boy because of all the great reviews and rumors of celeb sightings
This place is a urinal..As we entered the building with alot of excitement we were 
greeted by the over whelming smell of bleach....The unfinished concrete floor had cracks and divots...The table and chairs are old and smelled of smoke,  The place is very dark ...our guess was it was to hide all the other inperfections.It reminded us of an old basement night club with the smell of smoke, bleach and split beer
We were seated at a table that wobbled because of the uneven concrete floor.The table was dirty and smelled so the server tried to wipe it clean but the cloth she used smelled of old dirty bleach.
The only chardonay was canyon road.. A cheap, sweet $3 bottle 
Unable to order because of the smell and condition of the restaurant my wife and I got up and left like the place was on fire...
Not sure why all the reviews are good...
Take my word and do not waste your time to park to visit this  toilet
The absolute worst place we have ever visitedCame here with my boyfriend last night.
Food ordered and rating: 
okonomiyaki 10/10 - a sweet and savory asian pancake . Im a sucker for the Bonito flakes and let me tell you...heavy handed. Amazing!
Pork gyoza: 6/10 nothing special just your classic gyoza
Salmon roll: 8/10 tightly rolled, tasted like salmon nice texture
Spicy tuna roll: 8/10 tightly rolled, very well mixed
Yakitori combo (chicken meat balls, chicken, chicken heart,  chicken gizzard, pork) 8/10: overall impressed I'd appreciate that side sauces be offered though. The heart and gizzard were nicely charred but needed more salt. Pork was amazing. Chicken was good. Whatever sweet sauce is on the meatball needs to be more abundant in my opinion
Quail egg and bacon: 10/10 amazing !!! 
Yaki onigiri: 2/10: traditionally I understand they are served plain. However, I believe in at least some sort of light seasoning to give the rice depth of flavor.  The sear was nice. I'd suggest in the future adding a rice seasoning option 
Service: we came around 6 o clock. Our server was amazing and everyone was very attentive. However we made it clear that we had planned to chill and not rush through our meal. I was given the exact opposite. I felt very rushed. We would have just finished a plate and it was already taken away. We were asked every 15 minutes if everything was ok and if we wanted to order more before even finishing our food. And I would keep reminding them "were good thank you just taking it slow".  However they were not rude with their approaches. Just to consistent and pushy.
Overall experience 9/10 and we will be backWow, where have I been that I've never heard of this place till recently.  So this review is based only on the first floor dining... we tried to check out the lounge upstairs, but it was pretty busy already around 10pm on a Saturday night that we had already waited 20 min but couldn't get in without reservations.
Anyway, I liked the decor, modern with asian accents, the dark wood, and darkly lit environment.  I really liked the colorful menu, real nice touch for those new to Japanese cuisine.  So I had the Pom Lychee cocktail - one of those dangerous drinks because it tastes sooo good, you'd have no idea how much alcohol was in it.  Because the style of the restaurant is similar to tapas, I had the chance to order a variety of dishes including miso soup, pork dumplings, chicken yakitori, 2 sushi rolls (that came in 3's) and a tuna nigiri.  And they served edamame at every table.  Everything was really quite good, and especially the Mexican roll, which I think is just a spicy tuna roll + that chili sauce... delicious.
4 stars for the dining aspect.  Updated review will include the karaoke lounge...Updated before, but this is a good, solid sushi joint.  I don't mean the rolls.  If you want reviews of good rolls, find another review.. honestly, rolls aren't what sushi is about.
If you want the good stuff, you should either ask the wait staff for the days' specials or ask the head sushi chef himself... most of the great daily stuff (imo) aren't even on the menu.
Besides the time that we had live uni here, we've also had live orange surf clam and live abalone.  Last week we were also able to have horagai (conch), needlefish sashimi, and.. namako!  That would be seaslug.  
Yes, all of the above are sashimi-style. And really good and fresh.
They upped the beer prices and that's bleh but the food is what keeps us coming back.  
I haven't been upstairs to karaoke in a while but last I heard from kenji-san and akio-san the machines were back from being updated, so maybe there's more of a variety now.  
To be honest, I'd give this place 5 stars if I were only comparing the joints in America and not places I go to in Japan.I am an avid sushi/japanese foodie.... and maybe spoiled too much living so close to NYC.  but the food at this place was just aweful.
but being in philly for a show my girlfriend and i were drawn into the $2.50 sushi special on weds.  
not only was the the quality of the fish poor but they couldn't even get the sushi rice right.  It was all mush.  the shrimp tempura roll that we had for kicks tasted like the tempura was made the day before.  I have to say that i am not a fan of supermarket sushi.... but i would choose that sushi over yakitori boy susho any day.
the $15 yakitori platter was 10 skewers that was not flavorfull at all.  The owners really should take a trip to Japan to see what real Japanese food tastes like.... heck they could just drive a couple hours to NYC and eat on St. Marks and find out what real yakitori tastes like.
but on a good note our waiter was really nice.Fun atmosphere in which one of the city's only izakaya. The staff is really nice. Good selection of sakes!My friend threw a surprise party for me here and it was one of the best birthdays of my life! The staff was amazing. Checked on us so many times throughout the night, brought us champagne with sparklers and sang to me! The one waiter, Bill, was amazing. He sang with us and made sure we had a great time. Definitely, ask for him!!! We sang karaoke for 5 hours and it was 100% worth every penny...My friend was running an event here so, after several false starts at visiting, I finally made it over.  I've been to quite a few Karaoke bars, even some Japas ones.  Very similar set-up.  Dark bar room with menu offerings, lots of drinks, and public karaoke.  
Down side here is not much stage room and the screens are over the bar, so you feel bad pushing your way over to order a drink, lest you keep someone from seeing their lyrics to 'Time after Time.'
Plenty of nice, clean comfy private rooms to rent out as well -- I think this will be my next go-around.
Honestly, I would have given this 3 stars as it's pretty average as Japas bars go.  That said, when your next best option is Bonner's on a Thursday or Fuji, the 'Yak' is looking pretty good.love this place.  they have 10/10 street eats, a large menu, specials, lots of fresh live sushi, great atmosphere and a pleasant staff.  downsides are that it is a little pricey and the pedestrian sushi is average.
i still have to try out the karaoke rooms and their tuesday nights.I am so obsessed with this place. I came here with all my siblings and cousins and we had the best time ever singing away. The only thing i wasn't too happy about was that the food wasn't amazing but it wasn't horrible.The machine was not convenient to use for non English songs. Some of the songs were not in sync with the lyrics. 
However the service was excellent and they had very good price.I came here twice. February 16, 2008 & today.
After finding out about this place, I begged my aunt to take me here even though my mom just gave birth to my brother on feb 15th, 2008. For the 2 of us, I thought $50 was way too expensive.. but we did order a lot and the service was nice.
Today I went again but this time with my boyfriend only because Tasty Place was closed and we did not want to walk for food. We were seated at the counter and it was nice, my boyfriend really loved the atmosphere he kept squealing about how cool the place was and the awesome sushi. He totally disliked the takoyaki which I love but whatever, we each have our own love-hate relationships with foods. The waiters/waitresses were really attentive, but when I was done with the takoyaki I set it aside for them except they kept taking everything else but the takoyaki.. maybe because I left 2 half eaten.. Oh & when we first ordered, I called for chicken skin & pork belly. The pork belly came right away, and I thought they didn't hear me call for the chicken skin so I didn't care much.. but then just before I got my check the chicken skin came.
Daily Specials are awesome! Today was tuesday so it was $1 skewers and we had plenty of those ;)
I didn't give 5 stars because of some of the little things above kind of bothered me, and also.. I wish the karaoke rooms upstairs were serviceable to people my age(18+) but I guess with the alcohol and what not they decide not to.I came here on a quiet sunday evening and i really have to say 5 stars for the service. From beginning to end, my tea was always full, my waiter came by a few times in well-timed increments to ask me how my food was. I really think the service here was stellar.
The food was good, nothing particularly special but nothing bad either.  we had a few of the rolls and the takoyaki, which was the first time I had it in Philadelphia.  Oh, but the white tuna here was so incredible! It melted in my mouth! that was my favorite fish of the night.  Overall, this restaurant is a tad bit pricey for the quality/quantity ratio but still an enjoyable sunday evening.Yakitori boy is a good time! It's very convenient in that is you want to have a nice quite sit down dinner you can grap a table on the first floor. It's a very bice spot for a date with mood lighting and good sushi. If your your looking for something a little rowdier, upstairs is your spot. They have two big screen tv over the bar for karaoke and a group of fun loving people really ti sing at the top of their lungs. The seating in the bar area is limited, they do have some booths, but you have to call for reservations. The standing area is somewhat small and gets packs quickly as the night goes by.  They also have multiple private karaoke room available for parties, but that is also reservation only. I usually go to this place for my birthday or when I want to grap a Tokyo Tea (an amazing adult beverage) resembles a long island but with clear liquor.What a fun place.  Sushi was fabulous and karaoke was fun. Good food & great time
If you are looking for different night out try here
 You can also reserve a room for karaoke if you have a large group. Do it early. Karaoke in the bar was a lot of funI had my first karaoke experience in Philly at Yakitori Boy, and it was a great experience despite a few technological difficulties.
Eight of us rented out a private room for a few hours.  There was absolutely no room charge, which was an amazing deal.  However, there was a minimum food/drink purchase of about $50 or so, but with the eight of us, there was no trouble hitting that minimum.  The food was very fresh and tasty.  As a group, we wolfed down a variety of their sushi, a number of the yakitori (grilled skewers of meat/veggies), edamame, seaweed salad, shiu mai, agedashi tofu, and ramen.  The portions are very small, so it's fun to sample a bunch of different things, and it's all reasonably priced.  Their drinks are also pretty good, our favorite of the night being the mango mojito.  
The service was also very fast and attentive.  Each private room has a button that you can press, and someone will be there to help you within minutes so you can order food, drinks, or request help with working the machines.  Unfortunately the newer machines completely broke when we were there, so we couldn't do any of our Lady Gaga, Britney, or Beyonce, but it was still so much fun.
Overall, great food, great service, great fun!Boy have i got a story for you.
We had a small group come and it wasn't busy. Everything was fine until the waitress came over to fill our waters. And then she spilled it on my phone, tried to throw a napkin over it, and didn't even apologize. 
She took our order begrudgingly, even though we were nothing but nice. Once we got our food we realized we didn't have enough chopsticks, we tried waving someone down, one waitress saw us, and turned her back. 
Then when our food came out, we got less than what we ordered because she had forgotten to put it in the system. We also requested no onions in our soups, since we're allergic, and they gave us onions. We had to give the soup to another friend, and when we mentioned it to the waitress she just said "oh" and left. 
Finally got our check and they overcharged us by $50 and the same waitress tried to argue with us but didn't even take the time to do the math.
The food itself was good, but not worth putting up with the crap service. This place has gone downhill. Would not recommend.The karaoke rooms are comfy and loaded with an up-to-date play list. It's great for group gatherings. I think the walls are a bit thin, or maybe people are too loud. I remember being able to hear a guy rap to Gucci Mane a couple of doors down from my karaoke room. 4/5 stars.
2/5 stars for the sub-par yakitori. It was served room temperature and the seasonings were somewhat off. The barbecued squid yakitori was over-cooked tough to chew on! What a disappointment.
Since it's Yakitori Boy is the only yakitori/karaoke bar of its kind in the philadelphia area, its somewhat of a big deal. I'd personally trek to New York for my yakitori cravings, instead.I'm pretty new to the whole sushi-eating experience, since I do not eat seafood of any kind.  I am, however, a big fan of vegetarian rolls.  I must say that the avocado rolls here were the best I've ever had.  I wanted to get a bucket of them and pop them in my mouth one after the other like popcorn.  I know it's just avocado, some rice and seaweed but dang, these were tasty!  I also had a couple of chicken skewers, which were the tiniest things I've ever seen.  My companion had one of the "box" meals, which was enormous and well worth the price.  YB has a few house cocktails - ours had lychee in it and was delicious.  The space itself is lovely - very classy decor with sheer curtains to add some privacy to your meal.  Service was a little bizarre, as several different people would come to check on us in rapid succession, then vanish.  
Definitely a place I'd return to next time I'm in town.The food is so so.  We have had better yakitori elsewhere.  The picture of the food do not look the same as the real food.  We had the grill squid, tempura rolls, yakitori samplers, seafood pancake.  The rolls is the best. The rest is forgettable.  Oh they automatically added 20% tip.  No wonder they don't really care about your customer experience.
The karaoke system takes some getting used to.  The room is not sound proof though so you can definitely hear the loud music in the lounge area.This place used to be a solid audible when your main plans fell through. Now it's just filled with the hip and trendies, overcrowded, and understaffed. I'd go here again in a few years. Hopefully they'll still be around. I like to reminisce about the good ol' days.Good food, and a decent atmosphere. My only complaint would be the line to get into karaoke during the weekend. I came on a Friday and Karaoke was booked for 4+ hours.When you think of sushi and Japanese food, Philly does not come to mind. But if you're stuck here, like I am, then you got to get your fix somewhere. Located near the edge of Chinatown is Yakitori Boy. I have been here several times purely for the karaoke, but I recently had the chance to try some of their food and was pleasantly surprised.
For those who have never been, the top floor is a karaoke bar with some private rooms in the back. It resembles a bar/lounge and is usually pretty deserted on Monday nights (in case you want some cheap $1 karaoke at the bar). It even comes equipped with lasers and mist! The private rooms are rather pricey with the cheapest rooms running $20 an hour, but the equipment as all modern. The waitresses upstairs are all super hot white girls, which seems a little out of place considering the location and type of venue... No one complains =).
The ground floor is the restaurant and sushi bar. The ambience is nothing to write home about, but it is nice enough for a date place or a group of friends to hang out and have a good time. The wait-staff is conspicuously a lot more Asian than the upstairs staff. Couldn't really say why. I thought it was really cool when the white waiter responded to our orders with "hai!" and a nod. I need to get me one of those red headbands that they all wear.
The food is why I give this place 4 stars. I ordered an Una-Don and my friends tried various sushi dishes. The sushi menu is a bit limited, but what little they have, they do pretty well. My unagi came out well-cooked and was possibly the best I have had in my life. It was much fattier than what I expected and I savored every tender, oh so gently charred morsel. There was a perfect amount of rice and sauce. I still have dreams about it and my future kids are going to hear the stories, too. My only complaint is that it is not big enough (maybe I'll order two next time!). 
I didn't try any of the sushi, but the slices appeared thick and large. The color also indicated a good amount of freshness. We also split a number of yakitori skewers around the table and all of them were quite delectable. I really wanted to try quail egg with bacon, but was too full after trying everything else out. I was also quite happy  to discover they serve takoyaki and okonomiyaki here! We split one of those amongst the table (a first for most of my friends) and we all thought it was really good.
Overall, the food was on par with what I would expect from a mid-range restaurant. The prices are a tad higher than what they should be, but the service and good company made it all worth it. Though the sushi menu is a little limited, there is a lot of other food to hold your attention. Keep in mind that this place is called Yakitori Boy and not Sushi Boy. So do your table a favor and order a couple of skewers to complement your beer, sake and main course. Everything we ate was delicious and I would definitely come back again if the unagi itch needs a scratch.
-CNice place, like the interior, friendly staff and good food and drinks. I like to come for their Wednesday specials, $2.50 sushi rolls and $9 special rolls. At the price I think it's the best sushi you can get. I also like their skewers and mochi ice cream.So this is the spot to go karaoke while also getting some affordable dinner in. They have some promotion where karaoke is free if you buy the amount in food so my suggestion is to come hungry and leave happy! Make sure to check with the runner on the exact deal so that you're not surprised at the end.
Private rooms are so clutch when you go with a good sized group of people. The song selections were lacking but hey as long as you're good with the oldies you'll be kept entertained. This is one of the few places in philly with private karaoke rooms.This was my fifth time here and it has consistently been excellent everytime. Considering this is one of the few spots open late, has a great staff, service and delicious food. Oh and a friend got a karaoke room for my birthday last year and we had a blast.
Try the quail eggs wrapped in bacon skewer and the pan fried udon. Exceptional.
.Food is Good. I recommend doing a mix of the small dishes, they call it a "Japas" style menu and that's the best way to go.  Loved the Grand Marnier Shrimp and the Gyozas.  The Pork Sausage, served skewered with broccoli, was surprisingly good.  Did not like the Ika Ring, their version of calamari, it was tough.  Pitcher cocktails were a good way to go with a large group, the lemonade was best.  Music in a private room was allot of fun!  It's really easy to make the minimum $$ requirement for the room with a group that's drinking and having some aps, so don't worry.
It was a a fun party night for a bunch of singing fools.Went here with a LARGE group for a reunion-type party.  There were probably around 20 of us.  We made it right before happy hour, so we tried to order plenty of drinks, sushi, and food at the discounted rate right before 7.  The waitress was rushing our orders to get them in before 7, which I totally understood, but it made for a hectic ordering service.  And it was really noisy in there.
The food was just okay.  I mean, the cheap maki rolls hit the spot, and no complaints for the freshness, etc.  I think the service just dropped this place from 4 stars to 3 stars.  I ordered some things that never came, and the waitress did try to follow up on this (telling us that they were sold out), but it was a bit disappointing.
We loved the karaoke, and the bartenders were pretty nice.  Although sometimes it was too noisy, I guess that's what to expect when you go to karaoke.  Overall, fun times.love it... sushi was awsome, fresh and put on the plate very well.  love that you can get half rolls, who else does that?  drink menu is very creative, its a good place to make sure you have a des. driver!  lolMmmmmm no. 
I mean, I only gave two because, to be forthright, I haven't experienced the Karaoke upstairs and they do seem to have a few good deals from time to time. And I wouldn't say that the food is terrible. In fact, if it wasn't for the bizarre vibe, their food and drink specials push them up to three stars in my book. This is really a two and a half star rating, but I must vent:
I notice this place has lines around the corner on some weekend eve's, this I have to chalk up to the effects of hype. As far as I can decipher, using my own sense of what is aesthetically conducive to a convivial and comfortable night life experience, there lies a great slippage between the Yakitori appeal and the Yakitori experience. Do not become a victim of fashion, as what often happens in this town, be your own man and cast a critical eye on the source of your own expectations. Really, because for all its fan fair what yakitori boiled down to is a weekend warrior-half assed fan boy-brushed aluminum-round eye yawn which is designed to equivocate toward a suburban image of downtown grit and glamor but with a touch of the orient.Came here impromptu on a Saturday night with a party of 3 because we were just feelin' karaoke! We had to wait a little over an hour for a room since it was last minute. This wasn't a problem though, because they have a bar area where anyone can sing karaoke from the projector. We hung around the bar and sang along with the group as we waited for our room. This was actually pretty fun, and I would recommend the bar area if you're bar hopping and looking for some casual karaoke! 
Once we were in the room, we had a waitress take our food/drink order. We ordered 3 chicken/green onion skewers and takoyaki which was the perfect amount of snack food. They also didn't have flavored soju (only regular), but our waitress was kind enough to give us free lychee juice with our soju! So overall, food and service were great :) 
Lastly is the actually karaoke machine, which was extremely difficult to use. It is not user-friendly or intuitive, which defeats the whole purpose of the karaoke machine. We couldn't find some of the songs that we wanted to sing. Definitely ask for the master list of karaoke songs to help guide you in the right direction. Also, some of the lyrics to the songs were wrong! For a karaoke place, having a solid karaoke system is pretty important ... so I knocked off 2 stars. We still had a lot of fun, but the system was an inconvenience.Great private Karaoke rooms!  Rent during the week and get half price rooms, making for a very memorable night with the friends for very little money.
Great sushi and food.  Small beer variety.
The main room is a little overwhelming with it's strobe lights and disco balls, but is great for people watching.  The streaming videos are the best part - 1980's beach scenes!Dont come here. There's cockroaches and mice, and the hosts and bouncers are super unprofessional. Worst experience in china town by far, and I'm surprised this place hasn't been shut down. 
Please stay far away from this place, it's a terrible establishment and the employees are nothing but rude.Had a birthday party thrown for me here , ate downstairs...... Food was awesome ... Service was amazing ! Then had a private room upstairs for some awesome singing times!!!Yakitori Boy is a great place to spend an hour or two munching on snacks and imbibing with friends. It's got reasonably priced booze, decent food and, most importantly for this kind of spot, great service.
Drink prices vary, but if you stick to sake bombs with carafes of sake and the big cans of beer the bill's quite reasonable. Food is hit or miss. Avoid the sushi, as their offerings are forgettable and err on the oversauced side. There are better options in the city even at Yakitori Boy's price point. In contrast, going for skewers is cheap and delicious. I've sampled a large cross section of their yakitori offerings and haven't been disappointed with any. Standouts include the chicken hearts, short ribs, pork belly, and chicken meatballs. Two are perfect for a snack and you can make a meal of five to six. 
The service and atmosphere at Yakitori are great. The layout is conducive to large gatherings and servers adeptly maneuver between your party members regardless of their sobriety (or lack thereof). Staff never rushes you and rarely messes up orders, even for huge parties of 20. Definitely a good spot for drinks and light eats for a group.
Never had any experience with the upstairs/karaoke area though, so can't comment on that.The food makes this place. The staff is wonderful. I would say sitting down stairs for dinner was mostly romantic as well as clean and quick. There were a million orders that night and they got everything right for us. We are not here for Karaoke!!! So here is the rest.... 
The clientele is a mess!!!! I can't actually do a review about a place based on the type of people who go there, that is not fair to the business. But here are some key words.....
1. UBER
2. Where is my ID?
3. I can't believe he carded me, don't i look 22?
4. Do Japanese people do Sockee Bombs? (i am spelling this wrong deliberately) 
this is what i encountered outside with the crowd of drunken people trying to get to the coveted karaoke bar upstairs. I would have given them a full four stars had they made one small change....
if you are not in a party for the karaoke bar, can their be some sort of alternate entrance? i know security is tight, and not getting any less tight, but we waited 15 minutes just to be told we could go right in the restaurant after all that nonsense with the party before us. 
Other than that this is a place i would see us coming back to again, but maybe not a Saturday night. 
:)What I lack in ability to carry a tune, I more than make up for in my enthusiasm for singing. For this reason, I love karaoke, but other people probably hate me for it. Sorry, other people.
Friends booked a private room for a celebration & it was SO much fun! I'm very impressed with their high-tech touch-screen karaoke machine & I really enjoyed the whole vibe of this place. 
So why the 3 stars? Everyone else got their sushi way before Ed C & I got ours. We had to ask the waiter, twice, for our food. Ed & I can EAT, so we ordered all 6 vegetarian rolls to share, thinking they'd be normal sized sushi rolls. Nope. Little teeny tiny rolls, 4 pieces each. We paid a lot of money for said sushi & beers, & then we left hungry.
I would go here again, because karaoke, but I would plan on eating elsewhere first.This is the little gem I always forget about.  Cheap sushi.  Fun karaoke times and usually I hate karaoke.  I once acquiesed to singing "La Isla Bonita" here because I couldn't stand listening to the other singers.  
The Japanese videos set to these songs are at least as fun as the karaoke itself.  
There are private rooms you can rent for parties to karaoke until you die.  Seems like fun with the right crowd although I pride myself in not making friends that would be in those types of crowds.  
Friendly service.  Close to the El.  Why the heck not?Decent place to get your sushi fix. Although not the best sushi I have had by far, I Iike the dark ambiance and the fact that its located in Chinatown making it convenient for center city residents.This is going to be a long review, so before i start here is what you will need to know. Yakitori Boy is a Japanese Tapas, or as they call it "Japas" restaurant. It is highly affordable because of this. It is beautiful and modern and features a second floor seating, bar and karaoke set-up. Now on to my review!
For months I have walked by an intriguing new restaurant going up a block from my home in Chinatown. I read it's license app in the window and found out it was to be called "Yakitori Boy." I immediately thought of the amazing japanese skewer (Yakitori) restaurants my girlfriend and I have had the pleasure of enjoying in NYC. I would walk away, anxiously awaiting this new restaurant to open.
Finally, the sunday before Christmas, my girlfriend noticed banners and a traditional Chinatown blessing ceremony at the Yakitori Boy. YES, would it live up to our lofty expectations?? We weren't going to wait to find out. That evening we walked up and asked, "Open for business?" Two well dressed men standing outside welcomed us with open arms, proclaiming, "You are our first customers!" They had done a soft opening earlier in the day and the sleet and high winds were obviously keeping people indoors. 
Once inside, we were blown away by the clean and modern aesthetic,, as well as the popular american music playing over the speakers (these are somewhat hard to find in Chinatown). We entered as the first paying customers at Yakitori Boy and were greeted by a large round of applause by the entire staff. Something that two young, hipsters are not used to at restaurants. We were sat in a very private booth with japanese drapes hanging over the entrance to the booth, which added to the private and romantic feel. The multicultural wait-staff were all very attentive and pleasant. 
We ordered the SEAFOOD PANCAKE, a mix of fresh seafood, veggies and batter that is fried till it is delicate and then topped with a mix of dried bonito flakes, a hoisin dressing a special mayo. Our Japanese friend had introduced us to this dish in NYC and it exceeded expectations as it was lighter and tastier than those we had eaten in the past.
For the second course, we had an assortment of SKEWERS. We ordered the Chicken, Chicken Skin, Rib eye and Salmon and scallion. Each skewer was served with a lemon wedge, which to my surprise really brought out the individual flavor and personality of each of the dishes. Once again, AMAZING.
They have a huge assortment of sushi and specialty rolls as well, and I had to try the spider roll, as I can tell alot by a restaurant's spider roll. The soft shell crab tempura was crisp and fresh and the textures meshed beautifully with the rice and other elements. 
Tapas are a funny creature, you have to give them a minute to expand in your stomach before you order more. I say this because we ordered more food. HA. We noticed $4 "mini" soba noodle dishes on the menu. We had to try them. Let me say, these were NOT mini. They were an amazing value at $4, and very filling.
WHEW! All told we had an amazing dinner and great experience in an amazing atmosphere for UNDER $40.
Highly recomended!I've been here a few times over the years and it's usually a good time. I like renting a room and singing the night away with friends. I would not come here for just the food, however. It's  overpriced for what you get and tastes like preprepared food you might buy frozen in a grocery store. The cocktails were off too and we  ended up sending a couple back. The service is always good with your own call button in the room. Once the button is pushed someone shows up immediately to answer questions about the machine or to bring more food or drinks. This place has been around a while now, and could do well with some cosmetic upgrades. The tables in the room are all beat up and things are looking pretty dingy. But really, if you end up here, you probably want to throw back a couple of drinks and sing your heart out with good friends. Stick with the basics with food and drinks and you'll be fine.$15 an hour for karaoke on a Sunday?!  I had so much fun and the service was great even though they seemed a bit busy.  I highly recommend going here.  I loved the food too.  I am very picky about yakitori and this was not a let down.Came here to meet up with friends. Ordered a couple of plates of Tako Yaki and a samurai martini. One of my favorite places for happy hour, prices are great and drinks are Better.I love Yakitori Boy for its great weekly specials and its "japas" portions.  For those who haven't been, beware that they serve some dishes in smaller tapas form for sharing.  I think it's great, and I love it for take out because I can order two different kinds of maki instead of just one order for myself to add up to the usual 6-8 pieces.  It's really quite nice.  Not to mention everything tastes fantastic.Took my wife there as she is a big karaoke fan last Saturday night.  We got there at almost 9:00.  First went upstairs to the karaoke bar.  It wasn't too full, but half of the tables were reserved and empty.  We decided to go downstairs and eat first.  
The food was great.  I had the teriyaki salmon box with a chicken yakitori on the side.  My wife had the spicy shrimp box with a chicken heart yakitori on the side.  All of the food was great!
After dinner, we went back upstairs.  It was much more crowded inside of the bar area now.  However, those same tables were still reserved and still empty, so we decided to just go someplace else.
Overall, staff was very friendly and food was delicious.  Only complaint is it seemed odd to have half of their seating reserved for so long, but nobody ever came, so they just stayed empty. 
The rating was really close to a 3 since the whole reason we went there was for the karaoke bar, but the food and service was really good and deserved the 4 stars.
We might go back again and try a private karaoke room.This is probably my favorite place to go for happy hour and sushi. On Tuesdays they have a $1 yakitori skewers. On Wednesdays they offer a $2.50 sushi roll special - just keep in mind that their rolls come in 4 pieces, which is great to mix and match. The special rolls are AMAZING. Definitely recommend the meteor roll. Another great item on their menu is the yakitori don - although this item takes 45 min to prep, it is 100% worth the wait. 
The first floor is the restaurant and the second floor is the karaoke bar and lounge. It's great for dinner or a night out with friends.Keeps me coming back for the food & beer- the cocktails are gross & service can be a definite hit or miss, lately it's been misses with all the carelessness. Now drink your Sapporo and smile!The place is very swanky and hip and looks just like a modern Japanese restaurant does in Tokyo. For a date, I recommend calling ahead to reserve their little curtained booth, which is very cozy and special. 
Their miso soup is shockingly good (the best, really), as is the dipping sauce for the tempura sweet potato. Said potato, however, was somewhat undercooked.
The staff were friendly and service was quick. 
One sad thing is that apart from a couple of soups containing noodles, there was not a single noodle dish on the menu, which is a tragedy. Yakitori Boy being otherwise so close to the Tokyo experience really ought to serve the young Tokyians favorite late night quick grab Yakisoba, which is hard to come by in Philly. 
In leu of a noodle dish I asked for some simple Ramen noodles on the side, which got me:  half a packet of Ramen *without the flavoring!* who thinks of this?! for which I payed 5 dollars.
As scandalous as that was, I say the miso makes up for it.I absolutely love Yakitori Boy, I drove all the way to Philly just to have dinner with my bestfriends here. The atmosphere and food are always great. Everyone at my table ordered soup  because of how cold it was outside and of course followed with fresh sushi, and other apps. The great part about Yakitori is of course the prices the authentic food, and then Karaoke of course. You can order food in a private karaoke room, at the bar, or at the dinner table for a more intimate setting. The music options for karaoke are endless as well. I will always return. Unless of course a location opens up in Downtown Baltimore, Maryland. *Hint Hint.I came here with a few friends after a meeting held upstairs, the sushi was really good and surprisingly cheap, although the portion sizes were smaller then usual (4 pieces per roll). The staff was extremely friendly and accommodating. We didn't stay for karaoke, but I would make a point of doing so in the future.Man I recently discovered this hidden gem of a sushi place. I went on a fri night and the place was pretty packed. The prices were very fair and the quality was pretty good. Obv not Morimoto good but for almost half the price this is WAY better. The yakitori (food on skewers) was delicious, the sushi was fresh, and the drinks were large (we got 34 oz Asahi Godzilla Cans for 10 bucks, apparently on sundays they are 7!) The ambience is pretty nice. Not too fancy but nice enough that you would think you were in a more expensive place. 
I have not used their karaoke rooms but I bet that would be fun some other night with bunch of friends. I will definitely be going back at some point. Maybe during happy hours when yakitori is a dollar.OMG I LOVE THIS PLACE. 
I went for my birthday, solely karaoke in the upstairs bar/lounge.  We went fairly early on a Friday night, ~9pm, to ensure we had a booth to sit in.  I walked in and didn't reserve anything...(I wanted to feed off of the other karaoke-rs), and they were SO nice!!!  Couldn't have been more accomodating.  All the waiters and waitress were unbelievably considerate, always bringing out more chairs when guests came, making sure everyone had a full drink, even if it was water... and the edamame was absolutely delicious!!  They even hung my coat up when they saw it lying in the booth, for free!!!!!  The ambiance, speakers, television, lighting, BATHROOM, wow. this place is awesome. 
Even though it's $1/song and there is limited dancing area, I can't imagine going anywhere for a) karaoke or b) a good time.Yakitori Boy is awesome! I went with 3 of my closest friends and we had a great time ordering different things throughout the evening and enjoy sake and Sapporo beers. You have to get the chicken skin skewers... they're like crackcicles. It's really not like I can say the food was outstanding or their are any specialty drinks that you have to get, but I will say the overall vibe you get inside Yakitori combined with the intriguing menu options and the quality of the service really made me feel like this is going to be a good place for me to bring small groups of my friends.Went as a date with my boyfriend. Wonderful food! Not expensive, and DELICIOUS. Ambiance and décor is upscale and classy. Waitress was obviously busy but did her best with the work, she forgot a few things and wasn't too smiley but not a big deal. After enjoying dinner my boyfriend and I headed upstairs to check out karaoke and whatnot and it was lively and fun, drinks up there were expensive however and completely watered down. I asked the bartender if he could make them stronger and aggressively turned me down, lol. But I would definitely go back again.Karaoke was awesome! We got a private room, service was great, food was ok. Weeknights there are slow, so there's always openings for private rooms. Tuesday nights are $1 skewer specials, which are pretty tasty. The food is affordable, but small portions, nothing too exciting.
The karaoke was the best part. I had never been, and it was awesome with my friends. If you're going with group, get a room (wink wink).At first, I was a little concerned about a sushi place that has karaoke  - I thought the food might be mediocre or something, but I was wrong. The quality of the food at Yahitori Boy is amazingly high! In addition, having your own private karaoke room (and a lot of sake) is pretty fun - as long as your friends are into singing (off key)!Sushi was priced pretty cheap but the quality of the sushi was not the best I've had in the city, I wouldn't even consider it good sushi since there are so many sushi restaurant competitions in the city.  I gave the place a try because I had a groupon that made the food pretty cheap.  
As for the service, it was great, our waiter was very tentative and recommended good sake.Amazing love everything about this place! And all the staff is always so nice  .... order the j roll it's not on the menu anymore since jimmy Rollins left the Phillies but I literally have yet to find a better roll ANYWHERECame here for happy hour on a Friday, and it got packed pretty fast, tables filling up next to us by the minute. That being said, their happy hour is pretty solid with $4/5 yakitori sets and a decent drink menu all under $6. I tried the vegetable (mushroom, asparagus, and eggplant) and seafood (salmon, shrimp, fish tofu) yakitoris and both of them were delicious but not even close to filling. Even at happy hour, you'd have to spend a solid amount of money to be full. The Lychee-tini that I had was strong, though I wouldn't say good-tasting. On top of it all, service was very attentive and fast, so that this place rounds out to be very average.I have mixed feelings about this place. iNve heard great things about the food but haven't yet gotten to try it. I finally tried this place out for my friend's bday party on a Saturday night a couple weeks ago. We were a decent sized group and they were able to get us a table upstairs without a reservation pretty wuickly which was nice. The drinks are expensive, and the cocktail waitresses were kind of snobs. The karaoke crowd is definitely a melting pot of people and then the DJ plays random songs in between people singing. for the most part it was a good time but it's a little chaotic. it's hard to get your name in for a song and you have to be sure to do it early because they fill up quickly and then close the list. When it's your turn, your song basically just starts and they try to find you with the mics so if you weren't paying attention to the line on the top of the screen that tells you what song will play next, or you're in the bathroom, you basically miss it. At one point early on there were some girls standing off to the side that were being really bitchy and screaming at singers and booing them. at one point the chick even ran up to the person who was singing and grabbed the mic and started making fun of them. I felt horrible for them. But again, since this was my first time there, that could have been a one-time occurance. By like 11 the servers came over and kicked us out of our table because a bachelorette party group was coming in that had made a reservation for the table. Which was fine but most of us sitting at the table had no idea what was going on and the servers were just being incredibly rude and pushey. I will give them credit that was got a new table relatively quickly though. Then towards the end of the night my friend got kicked out for being too intoxicated. At first the bouncers tried to work with him and be cool but then they said he had to go. So, overall, I had fun but everything was expensive and the upstairs employees were def not nice. It's definitely NOT your normal karaoke set up.This place is awesome! We ordered the Chef's Special (had more chicken than anything else), pork belly, Karubi, ribeye, bacon-wrapped quail eggs, asparagus, eggplant, chicken gizzards, shrimp tempura, Golden Dragon sushi roll and Magic sushi roll. Everything was so good, the lighting, decor and atmosphere was warm, inviting and fun. Service was fantastic and efficient because everyone worked together. I will be visiting this restaurant everytime I'm within a 50-mile radius!I'm dropping my review for my visit last Wednesday. 
The food is still good.  Our waitress was fine. They have some kind of $14 bottle of Korean grain-hybrid alcohol that gets you whacked. What was the problem?
How myself and my fiance were treated during an incident. The first came about when I went to go the restroom and I realized my wallet was out. We were seated right in front of the hostess station towards the across from the end of the sushi bar. My fiance didn't think anything of leaving my purse there while he went to smoke.  I didn't remember leaving it there and thought it maybe slipped my mind. Upon checking just in case, a $20 bill  was missing. I know it was there because I counted my money when we went in because we were splitting the bill. I had about $55. They caught a couple guys near our table on their cameras touching my purse when my fiance reported it and said they do couldn't anything because it was too grainy and they left already. They weren't liable. 
My favorite local bar reimburses me when somebody swipes my kitty with no questions asked (has happened once or twice). It's whatever though. I guess I understand. It gets worse, though...
We were humiliated by front-end staff and a bouncer because my debit card kept declining for some reason. I know there was money in there because I checked my balance before we went out after making a mid-day deposit just to be safe. No big deal. Just just let me and him figure out what we're doing because we originally decided to split it on the premise I had $20 more in cash than I did now (with my card as back-up) which they continued to tout as not being their fault. They were threatening to call the police and being quite nasty before I just gave the rest of my cash and my fiance decided to pay plus the rest upon making sure he wouldn't overdraft his account.We're obviously not dining and dashing!  I'm honestly embarrassed to go back for a while.Always enjoy Yakitori Boy. There are so many profession bartenders who know how to enjoy their job and make pretty good cocktails. Plus, those skywards are so good. Perfect with drinks.I had a great time at Yakitori Boy!  Some friends and I met up for dinner and karaoke and we had a blast.
The menu is quite overwhelming for a newbie like myself (soooo many choices :-) )---but the food was great!  Really fresh sushi, nice size bento boxes, delicious pork gyoza, and the sweet potato tempura was bomb!
All of the staff were super friendly and funny.
We had a blast singing and listening to this one very off-tune girl sing.  It's like watching the American Idol try-outs, but better! :-)
Anyway, I can't wait to go back for my friend's birthday :-)Sushi was good, service was fast although I felt a bit rushed by the waiter. However, I would definitely go back, the environment and vibes were chill. Plus, even though I didn't do karaoke it's a nice option on the next level.Had a great time here. Was looking for a meal with the girls before going to the car show nearby.
Arrived 1hr prior to end of happy hour. We ordered a few items off the happy hour menu. 
The drinks were simple..mine was sweet as I like but it also reminded me of a cough syrup mix.
We all ordered 2 drinks off the happy hour menu and those made us all nice and tipsy.
I enjoyed the apps and if you plan accordingly you can really get filled off the app menu.
We also ordered off the main menu. I can't recall the individual items but they were all enjoyable. And for the price, we had a great dinner.
We stayed past our intended time and ended up not going to the car show.
Maybe we shall try the Karaoke next time.
Oh and friendly waiter service.lots of youngster late at night.
came here with a friend after a drink elsewhere. got $1 yakitori-chicken, gizzard, liver, heart, meatball. yakitoris were okay.  didnt enjoy the ambiance much since there were a lot of high school looking kids all drunk.This is one of my favorites in china town. It's always our go-to spot for great food and a fun atmosphereThis place blows my mind every time I come here. I moved to Philly about 4 years ago and am an avid sushi eater. This is by far one of my favorite Sushi restaurants in Philadelphia and all over the country. They do one of the best Tiger and Mexican rolls I have ever had. I usually get those two rolls, miso soup and a short rib skewer and leave with a shit eating grin and a happy tummy. The servers are always warm, friendly and on top of things. Having been a waiter, this is something I notice every time I eat at an establishment. Good service is something I thoroughly appreciate. I have been here many, many times and have never once been disappointed. If you live in Philadelphia and or are visiting please check this place out!This place needs to hire new workers . I went here one night for my birthday and they were so rude because I showed up earlier than expected . The food on the other hand is awesome . And their saki bombs really hit you afterI can come here alone or with friends and I always have a blast ! The staff is super friendly and knowledgeable. The really tall bartender Mark is great! He always makes an amazing drink. 
The grilled corn is so tasty. The brussels sprouts special they have been running is delicious. I don't know what's in that sauce but damn! I want to drink it. 
Karaoke here is always fun. Although sometimes I feel like they should adjust the volume on some of the "scream singers."
I don't know what's happening with their bathrooms but they are always freezing :(We only stopped in for drinks and food at the bar, but left very happy.  Our server was very nice and polite and explained dishes to us that we hadn't heard of or tried before.  The drinks were made very well, although we didn't order anything too out of the ordinary.  All the dishes we tried were really good and the price was reasonable.  Will try again but next time with a group and will try out the karaoke as well.I have been to the karaoke bar so many times in the last year, probably about 8-10 times. It's our go-to place for a fun girls night out. Last night, we reserved a room for the first time for my friend's birthday. It was a blast singing only the songs we wanted for two hours. We also had a server that would bring our drinks to the room. They have a great selection of songs. Pretty much anything you could want to sing. After our reservation was over, we went back out to the main room. I love how there are four big screens behind the bar. When you're singing, you are in the middle of the crowd and not on a stage, which is great for stage fright. Everyone kind of sings along with you. You can get two microphones to sing with a partner. Their service is excellent, even at the big bar in the main room. I always go with the $10 hot sake or the $7 vodka sodas. Love this place!Out on the town and got a hankering to find karaoke - wandered into this place at happy hour. They have traditional Japanese style private karaoke rooms as well as an open lounge area. Since it was early, there weren't many people around - so we opted to stay in the lounge. It's pretty dark and dingy, and the acoustics aren't fabulous.  
They charge $5 for three songs, and we were able to get in right away. We had a blast laughing at the videos that went with the music - newer songs have the actual music videos but the older ones from the book have some crazy B-roll style footage that often makes no sense with the lyrics. Happy hour prices were good and it was a fun, average experience.Like most Koreans, I'm obsessed with Karaoke. I go to Yakitori Boy quite often for birthdays (where we usually end up getting the private room) and just to hang out (where we stay in the common area). Few things that are awesome about this place:
1. The crowd: they will cheer you on and really get into the songs.
2. The food: Few "izakaya"-like establishments in Philly and also a few place where you can get japanese ramen.
3. The song selections: Not only do they have all the classics, but they had adjusted the keys of some ridiculous Journey and Bon Jovi songs to a singable key (E~F)
4. No stage: I don't like going "up" the stage to sing karaoke. This place, you can stay in your booth and sing...makes it more communal and fun, IMO.
Few things to be mindful:
1. On the weekends, when the bar area is full, the songs from each table gets rotated (it's not first-come-first-served) so it'll take a while for you to sing your songs.
2. You have to wave off sketchy drunks who will try to hit on your wife/gf (if you bring one) with no shame.
3. Every now and then there are these angry karaoke singers who will try to put f-bombs in front of every word. Some people might like it, but it's not exactly my cup of tea.
For food, I get miso ramen, yakitori (chicken heart and pork belly)...and a lot of sake bombs.I totally rocked a good meal at this place for under 20 bucks.  I wasn't too thrilled with it though. First off the service was a bit weird, it took a while to have someone take our order, and while the food that came out was correct, it was not correct on the bill.   Everything was ok, but it wasn't the best sushi I've ever had.  I will go back though because it's 2 blocks from my place and I can go to the karaoke lounge and chillax.  
Also, Jenna, who used to work at Serendipity (RIP), the best waitress in Chinatown works here, and if you're lucky enough to be served by this cutie it will definitely make your nite!We came for the first time on a Wednesday and they had $2.50 sushi rolls(4 pc). We bought the udon, chef special skewers, and 5 tempura shrimp sushi. The udon was decent. The sushi was excellent, one of the best I've ever had since the shrimp was still crispy and the sauce was perfect. The skewers were $18 for 10pc but the selection wasn't very tasty. They gave us two meatball skewers that were awful, so it wasn't a good deal. 
The bathroom is a 1/5. There was toilet paper all over the floor. The toilet itself was peed on and un-flushed. The sink faucet had something that looked like mold inside it.  
The redeeming factors here was the great 5/5 service by Gary and the delicious sushi.The management at Yakitori Boy is outstanding.  I organized a company event at Yakitori Boy a few months ago, and my co-workers and I had a great time karaoking and eating in one of their private rooms.  When I didn't have the necessary documentation to get reimbursed by my employer, the management at Yakitori Boy was more than happy to help.  That meant digging through all their files just to find one receipt from 4 months ago.  And they did this TWICE on two separate occasions!  They really eased the pain of dealing with my finance department.  I cannot wait to have another event at Yakitori Boy.  Highly recommend!I love this place and would definitely go back again for a party. I went here with a 13 person bachelorette and they were very accommodating with fast service. We had reservations and after all our IDs were checked (no excuses, so bring yours), we were promptly brought downstairs, through the bar and into our private room where an employee showed us how to use the karaoke machine. There's a button on the wall that you press any time you need anything. We pressed the button quite a few times, like when one of the women dropped their drink (not a drunk move...we literally were about to raise our glasses to congratulate the bride), from a broken mic (promptly replaced with apologies) and to order multiple rounds of drinks. They didn't give us crap for the spilled drink and broken glass, which we all appreciated. The men and women working there were extremely polite and although some of the women in my party asked the servers to join us in song, they politely declined and didn't act like it's a question they've heard a million times before (you know it's true). I only ended up getting Sapporo and no mixed drinks, but I didn't hear any complaints from the women who did. Also they poured too much so they gave me two glasses - I actually got a drink for free! 
Be prepared to laugh hysterically at the random Korean (?) videos that play when they don't have a license to play the legitimate music video that accompanies the song. They're so funny and random, but my hands down favorite one was when you saw a white preppy 90s family playing in the park while "Bitch" by Meredith Brooks plays. We were cry-laughing. 
Since we had a private room we didn't explore the bar area, so I can't speak to that section of Yakitori. It doesn't seem like my vibe though and I'd much prefer making a fool out of myself with friends than feeling secondhand embarrassment towards strangers belting out Billy Joel. People seemed into it though, so good for them.
The reason why I didn't give it 5 stars is because the men's room bathroom door was left open the entire time we were there. It was really weird walking to the closed-door women's bathroom and constantly seeing into the men's room; there was no way to avoid it. Also, I think they should look into having their security guard move towards the back to redirect some people. I had to pull two drunk college-aged girls out of there to redirect them to the correct bathroom. 
The night we were there, Bacardi was running some promotion so they gave free shots...that's great and the women who do drink rum enjoyed them, but the Bacardi people came into our room two more times to talk about signing up to win tickets to an EDM concert. If you signed up you'd get a free shirt. Some of the women were game and signed up, but I didn't. To me, it was distracting to have them in our room several times, blocking the tv and preventing the women who weren't interested in getting free shirts from singing. I feel like maybe they could've just come in once, did their business and left us alone. Don't get me wrong though, they were very nice...maybe they just didn't realize how distracting they were.  
I was the only Asian woman at the bachelorette party, so let's be honest - this isn't my first karaoke bar experience, but even I was impressed by the setup and selection. I know there are places out in San Diego like this, and I definitely want to try to find a place like it in New York. I saw they can accommodate many sized-parties and there was a wide age range of people using them, from college students to middle-aged men and women. If I don't find a place I like in NY, I can DEFINITELY see myself bringing my dad here next time we're in the area...he'd love it.I'm sad glad that we have a japanese izakaya kind of restaurant in this city. We def could use a few more, but yakitori boy is a dependable option if you're craving the likes of yaki skewers, donburi, udons and boxes. They don't have any of the super exotic (pork + spicy cabbage is the most unusual variant) options but have a solid offering of plates. They don't really do anything the best per se,  but it's def a good place to go if you're looking for the variety.
Plus, they have hot barstaff.
The sushi is fresh and they do have quite a few roll options. I'd say they are on the small side, but are totally worth it if you get there for the wednesday half-priced rolls special. We had a few rolls of the spicy/crunchy variety and they were quite satisfying.
The takoyaki was very good- with crispy edges, savory sauce and relatively large chunks of octopus inside.
Whenever we go to yakitori boy, we always get the tatsuta age - aka "boneless chicken finger thingies." They are japanese style fried chicken, which is usually marinated in soy sauce before getting dipped in batter and fried. Tatsuta age has always been one of my fave dishes but it was a bit disappointing the last time we had them.
For dessert, at the recommendation of our hot bartender, we tried the green tea creme brulee. I'm not even a huge fan of creme brulees but this one was awesome. Bf and I were subtly fighting spoon by spoonful for bites of this. The green tea flavor was delicate yet definitely present, front and center.I was hoping to have a good evening at Yakitori Boy-Japas however it took a turn for the worst. Firstly, I attempted to get service but received none until my caucasien friend went up to the bar and received service immediately. Then my coat was stolen. I was informed that it wasn't their problem.  We spoke the manager and didn't receive the best costumer service.  I would never recommend this place or go there again. #racist #neveragainGreat place for party. Excellent Japanese food. Great service. Amazing place for Japanese song lovers.Went for the private karaoke room for 8. There were 7 of us and it was honestly a little small, but it was fine. The song selection is good if you know what you're looking for, generally pretty recent. They give you two microphones and the service is very quick and very polite. They turned the AC up for us without us even asking because it was so hot, which is was very nice. 
We didn't get any food, we just ordered a lot of drinks. The room came out to 37$ per person, which was 2 hours in the room + 4 drinks per person (jaeger bomb, sake bomb, cosmo, tequila shot). Very good prices. There's also some special where if you buy $30 of food/drink within your first hour, the cost of the second hour is waived. The rates were great and we had a great time, I would love to go back.Had a karaoke night there the first time, heard from Groupon deal. The songs were new, very surprising to me, and with the choice to go in the open bar or individual private room, we spent 2.5 hrs there singing and having food. The food was excellent and not very expensive. I guess it was because the room charge could be waived if we ate the same cost amount of food. Like most karaoke lounges, they had to kick us out when we went overtime :p because many people would have reserved the room.In terms of food, do not go here. The food is not relative to the money you're to spend on the food. Even the $1 skewers are tiny and overly salty and not fresh. The sushi "rolls" are only 3-4 four pieces and the rolls are not nicely done and it takes too long to get our rabbit food! The udon is portioned for a child, and anyone who goes here knows that children rarely frequent this restaurant.SUSHI! gotta love there $2.5 sushi rolls wednesday nights specials! I went to that place a couple of time and mostly always had a good time. the food is great, the ambiance is chill the bill is not high. great combination! I would definitely advise you to try the egg quail wrapped in bacon. It s absolutely FANTASTIC!  I had the chef roll and that was also pretty good. On another note, my friend ordered asparagus and they gave her litereally ONE asparagus.. i kinda laugh but seriously, I know it s not more than $2 for a portion but at least give two or three!
I would not advise you to go upstair if you do not plan on doing karaoke. the tables are small, the service is very slow and the seats are not very confortable to eat (yes, I need my confort so I can enjoy my food!)I had high hopes for Yakitori Boy.  I love karaoke so when someone suggested stopping in here on Saturday, I was excited.  That excitement quickly went away when the elevator door opened to the club-like atmosphere upstairs.  
I'm not a big fan of fist-pumping clubs, but I still clung to the hope that maybe because it was a karaoke bar it wouldn't be that bad, but it was.  It was insanely crowded, with people shoving and elbowing and screaming at the top of their lungs along with the songs.  Everyone was screaming along so loudly that I couldn't hear the music, lyrics, or the people with the microphones over the crowd.  That's not karaoke to me...  We had one drink and left.
As I've said in other reviews, I'm a big believer in second chances, so I would like to go back to try the food which seems to be a high point here, but I know for sure I won't be going back unless we do a private room.What I like about Yakitori Boy is the wide selection of food and drinks that goes perfectly with a night of good ol' karaoke. I guess my only negative comment is that, I hoped they could level the volume of all their songs. Some songs were really soft and some were really loud. It was really tiring to DJ your volume for each and every song. I've been to better karaoke bars in my life so therefore I give 3 stars. But that said, it's probably the best in Philadelphia.Ok, let me take a stab at Yakitori Boy/Japas. I like Yakitori Boy but I hate Japas. Since they didn't separate this establishment into two businesses, I have no choice but review them as one business and give it the lower average score. 
Philadelphia lacks izakayas and it's definitely business savvy for someone to fill the space. The thing is though that traditional izakayas are pretty inexpensive since the items they sell are usually cheap to make but since the concept of having an izakaya here in Philly is still exotic and they pretty much have a monopoly, we as consumers are paying primo for it. It's fine. I do enjoy having a huge menu of dishes to choose from and the food in general is pretty good, so I don't particularly mind. 
I generally get pretty good service accept on Tuesdays when they have the $1 yakitori and beer deal, the place would be packed wall-to-wall, then I know the attention span of the wait staff might suffer. One of the friendly waitress told me that the sushi chef has 30+ years of experience and the sushi is good. Again, the price might be a bit high for various items, so usually I do go on Tuesday. 
I'm sure we all have our favorite izakaya items but If you are a beginner, I recommend trying okonomiyaki, takoyakis, get a small bowl of udon/soba, and try the myriad yakitori according to your comfortable levels. Any chicken, beef, pork is good. I also like shishamo and chicken gizzard. Eat to your heart's content and be merry. 4 stars (And here's where my review of Yakitori Boy ends and my review for Japas begins)
In the same establishment there's a karaoke bar upstairs named Japas where there is about a dozen of karaoke room of various sizes and a medium size open karaoke bar. You can other all the food items from Yakitori Boy and eat at the tables in the open area or in the rooms. 
Being the only decent karaoke bar in town, you can never get a room without booking hours or days ahead of time during weekends. But I'm not going to complain about their good fortune. What I dislike it's their asinine rules. You cannot seat at one of the table at the open bar unless you guarantee that you'll spend a certain amount of money there per hour. It's like a strip club, for a table of 4, you'd have to guarantee you'll be spending $60 an hour on food and drinks. It's easy to spend that amount when everything is overpriced but that's not it. 
A friend invited me to go to a gathering he's throwing at the karaoke bar. There's approximately 12 of us and some of us got there early,  so we sat at the bar, ordered a lot of food and drinks, and when the rest of the party comes, the waitress informed us that the food and drinks we ordered at the bar cannot be counted toward the guideline of the table because we didn't order that at the table. We ended up spending way more than their requirements, but I certainly didn't feel welcomed so I didn't have any fun. Customer service is non-existent when your guest feel like their constantly being monitored. 
Drink-wise is way more over-priced than the food was at Yakitori boy or any place else I've been. 12 of us spent around $1000. It's a tourist trap with unfriendly rules. I can't in good conscience recommend it to anyone, unless you have money to burn. 1 starnot worth the money
the spider roll which included 4 pieces was $10...making each piece $2.50...ridiculousMaybe my expectations were too high. Maybe it was an off night. Or maybe I'm just not a Yakitori Boy kind of girl. Whatever the reason, I just felt completely overwhelmed and overstimulated on a recent Friday night. The main lounge was packed wall to wall with wailing karaoke singers, which I totally get is the main point of the place, but it was just too much for me. I got to experience two different private karaoke rooms; one was for a birthday party for a fellow yelper (mazel tov Josh W! and thanks for having me), which was packed but super festive and the second one was a smaller crowd. It's a well-known fact that electronics and I are mortal enemies, but everyone had a hard time trying to figure out how to work the system AND the song choices were a big ehhhh. I'd like to go back during the week and try again when it's not so nutty. What? Did I just say that something was "too nutty"? Holy crap...saki overload for me I guess!This is my favorite spot to hang out. The atmosphere is very fun and ambient. it's always nice to have some food, good drinks (oh try "tokyo tea" and "dragonfly" cocktails) and good company. It's busy on Friday-Saturday, come early if you want good seat upstairs and get the song slips before they run out!Ok this will be slightly more concise than the other review.
Here's the deal - if I could give it 6 stars, I would. I explored every nook and cranny of Yakitori Boy and I must say it's like my dream girl - "pretty, fun, and smart". First the pretty: There are two completely separate parts of this place. Ground floor is the restaurant, complete with sushi bar and a downstairs bar area. Several private rooms with a nice Japanese feel (think sliding doors, soft woods). 
Upstairs is where the fun is though. Walk out of the restaurant into the elevator and up to a large bar/lounge with skyline views depending on where you're sitting. So the fun part is that there are maybe 8-10 brand new Karaoke rooms that make me wish I liked to embarass myself with stupid stuff like that (I don't - so I won't do Karaoke... I will watch friends though!). The smart is the "cool" room.. the one with the names of about 30 of the most influential people in Japanese history written on the walls. Now I'm not sure how that's determined or if it's just a well known cultural fact or something, but it's a nice touch.Went to Yakitori Boy for karaoke last weekend and had a fun time. We decided to skip the private room (although they looked clean and cozy) and hang out in the communal lounge.
If you are a karaoke virgin, don't be intimidated by the lounge. There is no stage, the mikes are simply passed around the crowd when your song is up. Most of the "performers" went for 80's classics, definite crowd pleasers! At just $1 per song, you can get your karaoke fix and spend more at the bar instead (private room + drinks might get kinda pricey).
My opinion of YB may change once I go back to try the "japas," but at least we'll always have karaoke.They promised us that we can stay until 9pm so that we won't go to another restaurant, but they forced us to leave at 8 pm. They lied to us to keep us stay. More worse, they just didn't admit what they had promised! And the manager was so unwillingly to negotiate with us and the attitude was very very bad!! They just pissed me off and I will never go back there again!! This is the first time that I wrote the review because I was soooo angry!!I was really excited to go to Yakatori Boy. I have heard many people talk about it as ...THE PLACE to go to for Karaoke, but I couldn't have been more disappointed. I made a reservation for a private room over a week in advance and when I got there they still made us wait 20 minutes before we could even get in the room. The host staff was pretty rude when I questioned why the room wasn't ready. Once we were in the room our TV didn't work and it probably took at least another 20 minutes for someone to come and pretend to help us fix it. The song selection was awful. No one ever came in to take a drink order for anyone and they were very quick to drop the bill (with gratuity already added) and kick us out. 
Not a fan at all. Not going back.Just left this spot. We celebrated my best friends bachelorette party here about 2 hours ago. Overall, it was a good experience. They didn't care that we taped a banner to the wall. The room was clean when we arrived. The server brought out drinks quickly. He handled the bill well at the end of the night.
The music selection was pretty good. Some of the songs sounded weird with unusual and offbeat vocals but overall, the range was great.
My biggest critique is the alcohol. THEY WATER DOWN THE DRINKS!!! I had 4 shots of Patron and felt not even the slightest buzz. Mind you, I'm 110 pounds and didn't have much to eat. Do not go here to drink. Just go to sing and have fun. Arrive already drunk from a BYOB not far in downtown philly.The idea of a club dedicated solely to karaoke is a million dollar idea...a group of friends and I snagged a small room on a Saturday night a few weeks ago with the highest of expectations.  Sadly, we couldn't have been more disappointed.  Already slightly inebriated, we were mentally ready to love every aspect of this place...but the ridiculously hard-to-use karaoke machine, impossibly bad selection of music (not to mention no hard copy song catalogue, the lack of which forces you to spend precious minutes paging through screen after screen of mislabelled music), and truly horrible videos that accompanied each song made this place an absolute bomb for us.  I can't say I've ever had better as this was my first "private karaoke" bar, but I can't imagine having worse.If not for the 140+ reviews Yakitori Boy has on Yelp, I might have thought it was some kind of secret club requiring a password to get in.  
Though it does have an awning boasting its name, a person walking along the street might pass it by.  Once we located the door, we were greeted by a big, burly, arms-crossed bouncer demanding our IDs.  I looked around and didn't see anything resembling food or karaoke, so I got a little nervous.  Our hands were stamped, and as it turns out the only "password" you need is the name of the person who made the reservation for your private room.  Thankfully, a friend had texted me with the insider info earlier in the night!
Though you couldn't hear a peep while in the entryway, the second the door to the upstairs opened, were were blasted with a group rendition of Total Eclipse of the Heart.  We laughed our way up the long, narrow staircase and found our private room for 20.
The room was not at all what I expected, but still cool.  It was small, and seating lined the walls, with some extra movable ottomans around.  Two long tables gave everyone a spot to put their drinks, and two microphones were being passed around.  Within minutes, a waitress came in to pick up empty glasses and take orders.  She continued to pop in every 15 minutes or so, which never left anyone empty-glassed for too long.
I'm not an expert on karaoke technology, but to me, the specs at Yakatori Boy are just okay.  I found the system a little annoying to navigate, and despite hundreds of songs on file, there were several karaoke staples that we couldn't find.
Still, we had fun with what they did have.  I'm glad I went, and I'd go back again if invited, but wouldn't likely be the one to suggest it if I was planning a night out.The sushi's great, the weekly specials are affordable, and the karaoke makes it all worthwhile.  Plus: $1 COORS EVERY TUESDAY!Yakitori Boy has some awesome staff workin' for their restaurant.
On one of my last visits, I was meeting someone before our concert at the Troc, except he forgot the tix at home and had to drive back for 'em.  So being the starving fiend that I am, I order my food first... then watch the tabletop get covered with dishes and my server come every ten minutes with a concerned, "Are you sure you're ok?"  It wasn't until my companion arrived and my server exclaimed in visible relief, "So you decided to show up!" that I realised that the staff thought I'd been sorely stood up and thereby was drowning my sorrows in delicious pork ramen, skewers of chicken liver and smelt, and sushi rolls the size of my (admittedly tiny) fist.
Nothin' wrong with that alternate scenario, really, cuz the food here is sinfully amazing.  This place isn't your kitsch sushi bar -- Yakitori Boy means it when they say they're an izakaya-style restaurant, serving up artful plates of sushi, a wide selection of yakitori ranging from vegetarian-friendly to risk-taking, and possibly the best (only?) ramen bowls in the city.
Girlfriends and I came here for the karaoke bar once, and though we couldn't drudge up the nerve to belt out a few tunes, we found serious enjoyment in watching the lounge patrons sing their little hearts out.  I might draw the line at "My Heart Will Go On", but give me a couple of YB's slurpalicious cocktails, and I might have a go next time.I came with five other people. We spent over $100 (which probably isn't alot for a place like this), but left still hungry and ended up going out for appetizers at Percy's BBQ. If you've never been to Percy's in Philadelphia, you've got and have their pork belly appetizer.
We had some rolls, the chef's choice platter, the ribeye skewers (which were dry).  As Yelp describes it, it's "ok" but not great.  
The place was dark and not super crowded when we went around 6 p.m. on a weekday.  
Recommendation:  I wouldn't go out of my way to come here again, but if you're in the mood for some pretty good Japanese food, it's a "safe" place.This is one of my favorite places in chinatown. You can sit downstairs for a more intimate and peaceful dinner setting (where I start). Upstairs is where the bar and karaoke action is.
The yakitori skewers are great with my favorites being chicken meatballs, quail egg and chicken hearts. On the menu, my favorite item is Takoyaki octopus balls and the magic roll (awesome spicy roll). They serve Japanese beer from tap, last visit they had Asahi.
Overall I really enjoy the atmosphere, tapas style ordering / serving and the friendly waitstaff who are more than happy to recommend items. If I had to dislike something it would be the prices. If you are going tapas style and exploring the menu, it could get expensive.Very unique to Philadelphia, Yakitori Boy has never dissappointed me as a patron. Very cool decor, mixed with great food and an unrivaled kareoke experience make this Chinatown staple a super fun alternative to the traditional bar. Don't expect cheap here though, they only have 4 beers on tap that run $4-6 while the cocktails can cost up to $12.Sober and kicked out for a baseball hat. My friend was told to leave for wearing a baseball hat when many people were wearing kangol and fedora hats. He was very respectful and removed it but was still asked to leave. Can somebody explain??This was a great place, they let my friend and I use a room for 2 people, and the service was really good. They have a button to call the waiter. We stayed for 2 hours and ordered $30 worth of food per hour so that the $15 room fee was waived. The chicken skin was especially good, and the oysters were pretty great as well. The Japas-Tini was our favourite and it was much fruitier and yummier than the lychee one. (We like fruity drinks) 
All in all a place I would go again!Rolled up in the Yakitori boy on a Saturday night a few weeks back with a crowd of 13 and a serious need to get our Karaoke on. With the private, padded Karaoke parlor, bottle service and enormous Japanese beers the only impediment to our sing-a-long was the oblique UI on the Karaoke program.
This review strictly pertains to the Karaoke Experience and not the sushi. 
Pros
-Vibes- you enter through the downstairs restaurant, and take an elevator up to a private-feeling club, with a central karaoke stage for folks who want to test their flow in public. We had one of several private karaoke salons, scattered around the halls and this was a great, relaxing place for folks without the balls for public showcase.
-Tunes- lots of great tracks to choose from, some with cheezy karaoke video accompaniment, some with the actual high-production MTV videos.
-Service- our waitress was energetic to say the least, she worked the room and was present in seconds when the call button was pushed (on purpose or accidentally).
Cons
-Karaoke Program UI - an upgrade here would really kick the whole experience up another notch. From the remote control, to the UI itself, this was confusing and hard to use. Half the time we ended up dead-ended on a screen of hanjis (or kanjis) and a list of Asian pop stars I can't recognize by face alone. So we felt lucky to stumble across songs we actually wanted to sing. The result was a play list of only partial satisfaction interspersed with moments of unintended brilliance, culminating in a triple-shot of 'Michael Row Your Boat Ashore' that brought the house down. 
-Pricey- we did the bottle service thing (which was affordable compared to NYC, about $175/bottle), but the room rental and such made the whole thing about $50/person.I'll start off with full disclosure that I am not a karaoke person, but I can usually enjoy watching others let themselves go.
I like the speak-easy style entry with the very friendly bouncer and the small elevator. I like the vibe that the place was off the map and maybe a little seedy, even though it 's not. And that's about where my likes end.
What I didn't like was the jammed bar, the tables that were the same height as the chairs, the beguiling video interface in the private rooms and the lame selections of music.
I find it too loud and too disorganize to enjoy myself. I will not be going back.$20 for 3 lamb chops with no meat on them., 2 pieces of asparagus and two small pieces of broccoli. Unbelievable and highway robbery!!!!!!!  That was our first and last time SMHSince when do they pick my skewers for me when I ordered the large platter of 15 skewers. Oh yeah I argue with the waiter simply by saying: "let me talk to Allen". Sorry not sorry I've been going here since they first open. I think the waiter is just lazy. What if I was allergic to something? You don't just pick random food: especially if I'm paying I want to eat what I want to eat. Disappointed. Staff here can have an attitude problem, especially the non Asian ones ‍‍I love the downstairs dining room.  The service is always fantastic.  I have come there more than once with a large dinner party and they are always accomodating.  The food is great.  The majic roll is particularly awesome and my fav drink is the geisha kiss.  Unfortunatly, the owner has made it so the bartenders do not fill up the glass (it's a stemless martini glass) all the way (to save money I guess) which is very lame and results in me not buying it nearly as much!They are great! Their restaurant week menu is awesome! For $35 you get 5 dishes! It fills you up so much! 
Their sushi rolls are awesome too!!!! And the prices are so fair! I could eat them everyday! 
They also always have special it is awesome!
Staffs are nice there but there is this one tall thin guy who's not so nice. Maybe because he thinks he's cute? I am not sure! He always messes up! And he doesn't admit to it.I love this place.  The staff is great. Food and drink specials are great.  The quality of the sushi is slipping, the rolls are not tight.skewers: good. Specials: great. Sushi: okay...Waiter: okay... He gave us our check without even asking if we were done, which i find slightly strange. I did like the atmosphere and the special were great. I really want to try some of their soups and more of the skewers. Great place to go on a week night to have a drink and some food. Next time i go i hope to watch people sing and to try more skewers and ramen!Lucky enough to come on Tuesday for dinner! They have a $1 menu for Yakitori. My friend and I ordered everything on that menu which had 12 sticks. It was very good, I would try more stuff on the other menu if I'm around the area.Yaki is one of my go-to's with friends when we are looking for drinks and food, when in Chinatown. I used to just come here more for drinks and the karaoke upstairs, which can be pretty fun, yet crowded at times. Now, I come here for drinks and/or light dinner. My friend LOVES the grilled lobster, he gets it ALL THE TIME. It's probably the only place I know that grills lobster! and I have to say it's pretty good. I also come for the oysters, I love the variety of dishes offered here. The appetizers aren't bad and the sushi is ok. It's a good spot if you want drinks and something to munch on. It wouldn't my first option for dinner, unless I want grilled lobster ;)Surprise you can still get in on reservations the day you need it if you email.  I got a room for 12am because it was very last minute.  It was crowded 2nd floor was more insane since thats where they have the open floor.  The 1st floor was more for eating and sitting.  Speaking of eating omg just order the yakitori sticks soo good.  Had the crispy chicken skins, salmon and spare ribs, also the drinks which are 8-10 the grape nut does not even taste like anything but grape soda it spelled danger.  We ate first then headed upstairs to our room at 12:15am.  They show you how to use the machines which have many languages itching for some Kpop they have that also.  Our room was small but it was for 6 people we only had 4 but I would have still have liked more room.  We were so good people from the outside joined our room, can I get a ah ha anyone. The bill at the end of the night was 170, that was about 60 (30 per hour) for the room and about 2 rounds of drinks for 4 people.  Oh and there is a 200 hold on a credit card which is held just in case you trashed the room.I heart their mini hot tempura soup with soba noodles.  It is something I crave at times...  
I have been going here since they opened with friends, family, etc.
My husband, sister in law and I went recently and ate $100 worth of food there.  Holy skewers.  Is that right?!?!  We didnt even drink that night!
We had a coupon so went a little nuts, but stil, it was a lot.  Food and money wise...  
We used to love their chicken meatballs but this time, they were different.  More filling and less chicken.  We sent those back... they insisted they were the same, but we had been eating them for years.   Puh-leez.
We still love the bacon-wrapped quail eggs and Japanese sausages on skewer :)
Our other faves include: fried chicken (tatsuta age) and fried squid legs (ika geso kare age).  The Japanese seasonings on these are slightly spicy, salty and yummy!  We also love the tako yaki balls.  
It's a place with many afforadable options, small plates and variety!  I like to go once in a while and indulge in my skewer cravings :)I've yet to try the food here, so I can only comment on the karaoke, for which you have 2 options here - the karaoke lounge, or a private room. The lounge is a great place to watch drunk people make fools of themselves. But it's always packed on weekends, so unless you come early and/or are prepared to wait a while, your chances of actually getting to sing are somewhat slim. Plus it's so crowded that it's tough to get a drink at the bar.
If you have a group and this is a premeditated outing, you can rent a private room. However, they're very strict about how many people are allowed in a room. For example, if it's a 6-person room, they will NOT let you have 7 people in there. That was a problem for me, because when I go out with a big group I usually don't have an idea of exactly how many people are coming until the last minute. Also, if you don't plan ahead and reserve a room ahead of time, you're probably going to be out of luck. I've come here several times with friends on a "let's all go do karaoke!" whim, only to be turned away -- as in, no rooms available AND the lounge was full.
So all in all, I usually prefer to be a spectator at YB. Just too much of a hassle otherwise.
If you're in the mood for karaoke and you've got a group, definitely check out Fuji Mountain.
In short -- 
1. Come here to drink, eat japas, people-watch.
2. If want to come with a group (and you know exactly how many people are coming!), definitely reserve a room ahead of time.Great food! Great drinks! Waiters don't visit tables as often but because this place tends to get very busy on the weekends. There is a huge line for the Karaoke upstairs but it's fun watching and hearing people sing. Great place to take a girl on a date or have a guys night out. They also have a dress code so watch out!I recently celebrated my 30th birthday here and I must say it was so much fun. Being though it was my first time there I didn't reserve a private room for karaoke. I reserved a lounge table for 12 guest. The section was awesome but the table was entirely too small being though I ordered a lot of drinks and hot plates for everyone. The waitress was a sweetheart but my guest complained many times because she was extremely busy and couldn't get her attention numerous times. The food was great and singing karaoke was the most fun in the lounge area. It was like going to the club but your the singer lmao. I extremely recommend this place if you're looking for something different and fun!!I love this place.  Went to celebrate a friend's 50th bday and our entire group loved it.  The singing was so much fun and the food was great. The waiter was so attentive, he remembered everyone's drinks.  Already made another reservation.I adore this place. It's perfect for a date, for groups, for grabbing some sushi at the sushi-bar, and I hear, though have never ventured to try, that the karaoke is fantastic. My other-half and I have been coming since it opened. All of the waitstaff are pleasant, always taking the time to catch up, even on a busy night, but somehow never forgetting anybody's food.
Speaking of food: the sushi here is fantastic! All of the rolls are made with fresh fish in great combinations. My favorite is the Hurricane roll, with yellowtail, spicy mayo, caviar, and avocado, but I've tried most of the sushi menu and have never been disappointed. I usually get a couple of rolls (usually 4 pieces each) and ramen (real ramen, with meat, eggs & veggies), which costs under $15!
In addition to great soup and sushi, Yakitori Boy has lots of fried and grilled goodness on sticks, or in bowls. Their "yakitori" (or stuff-on-sticks) ranges from delicious Tsukuna (chicken meatballs), to squid legs, and even gizzards for those that like them (there's regular chicken and salmon for the less adventurous). Each yakitori usually costs about $1.50-$2.00, so you can try one or two with a Bento Box or Don Bowl, or combine a bunch to make a meal.
The drinks here are also fantastic, including the house sake and cocktails. I can't help but eat when I'm here, but I imagine it would be a great place just to grab drinks as well. It's simply stellar.More like Yuckitori! Yakitori Boy has that cheesy club atmosphere that I tend to try and avoid and food that tastes like it's going bad or was stored in the freezer for too long. 
Perhaps it was my expectations (which were high from the excited chatter of my friends who were bringing me there the other night), but I was completely disappointed with the food that arrived at our table. I went with three friends and we ordered a lot. I was famished and by the looks of the pictures displayed on the menu my excitement for sushi and meat skewers were ever increasing. 
That is, until the I tasted it. The sushi was way too chewy and had that strong fishy taste; the flavor of fish when it starts to go bad. The meatball skewers had a fatty taste that made me feeling slightly nauseas afterward, and the agedashi tofu was essentially tasteless mushy fried batter. 
I was so put off by dinner, there was no way I was going to spend even more money on karaoke, which the restaurant/bar seems to pride itself on. Maybe if the food was half the price and I spent the first half of the night singing and getting wasted, I wouldn't be complaining about the food. But the whole atmosphere tries hard to chic without much luck, and the food is a hair above edible. Trust me, not worth the time, money, or calories.went here for dinner during restaurant week. it was awesome! i had the kani salad, ribeye and chicken and scallion skewers, the tokai roll, the sashimi plate, and green tea mochi. everything was delicious! my friend got the tuna tataki as her first course, which was amazing! the kani salad was good, but the tuna tataki was even better! we also had the sake sampler, recommended by our server, which was great. the service was prompt and attentive and overall it was a great dining experience. i can't wait to go back!What a gem!  If you're looking for a great karaoke bar you're in luck!  A few friends of mine introduced me to this hidden spot in Chinatown.  Downstairs is a restaurant and they have phenomenal sushi! This is the perfect place to get a drink and a meal in an intimate setting!  
Upstairs is where it gets crazy.  My former co-workers and I would come here straight after work and sometimes nights for the karaoke bar.  This was our spot!  The bar upstairs is huge and they have TV screens in the background for the karaoke.  You can sit at the bar or you can sit at one of the lounge tables, which are comfy and good for groups.  But if you really want to do it up they have private party rooms for you and your friends to enjoy a personal karaoke experience.
The karaoke song list is huge! And of course it always takes forever for me to pick a song because once again I'm indecisive.  They have wireless mics so you can perform from anywhere in the bar.  There are personalized music videos for each song too! That's always comical! 
I always have a blast when I come here! It's the perfect spot to let loose with a close group of friends!Went back there 1 week ago and found out that they changed their karaoke system in the rooms. HORRIBLE!!! It now has a not-so-intelligent touch screen with no remote control option. We literally had to click through several screens to find the song we want. And please note that the system also randomly put songs in for you. We had to stop many songs because we obviously didn't choose them.Having lived in Tokyo for two years I was happy to find a place that serves authentic izakaya food. The yakitori menu is quite good, the tsukne is a must for people who are not willing to try the "weird" choices.  In addition to the tsukune, we had the chicken liver, regular chicken, squid legs, shrimp, shishamo, and onigiri. The appetizers all looked very good, we had the okonomiyaki which was a delightful reminder of my time in Japan.  Cannot comment on the sushi or entrees, might have to try these the next time I'm there.
The ambiance is a little upscale, but not too pretentious.  There is a small sushi bar to sit at, a small regular bar to sit at, and a bunch of tables.  
If I lived closer to this place I would be there all the time.A true gem in Chinatown!  Cheap and delicious and one of those places that is perfect for a birthday dinner with a group of friends.  One Christmas Day Eve, a bunch of friends decided to get a private karaoke room upstairs, it was by far the best Christmas any of us had, we are going to make it a tradition!  The karaoke rooms have full service food and drink and there is a nice selection of music choices (however i hope they get more!) The service is topnotch and the yakitori, the grilled items on the menu, are made on a special grill and only grilled by one yakitori chef, the broccoli is super tasty!
Tuesday Nights they have $2 yakitori and cheap beer specials!We tried out Yakitori Boy with a Groupon, and really enjoyed our meal there.  It is terrific to have a Japanese-style izakaya here in Philadelphia -- other than NYC and California, it is so hard to find this kind of fun, informal, delicious Japanese place where you can try out many things (small plates) for a reasonable cost.  
We were lucky and had our own little room for our table of six, so it was quieter -- the main dining area seemed louder (and definitely got much louder by the time we left).  The wait staff was very friendly and brought out the food pretty quickly -- things are brought out as soon as they are done (the way a typical Japanese restaurant does).  The selection of food is very wide, which is great when your group has varying dining preferences -- everyone (kid and adult) was very happy in our group.  We especially liked the robata-yaki (the grilled skewers), the yakitori bowl (it does take about 45 minutes though, so be sure to order other items that will come out more quickly), the agedashi tofu (fried tofu), yaki-onigiri (fried rice balls), and the J Roll and Green River Roll.  We would have liked to order even more, but were too full.  
We did not try the karaoke, but our kids want to come back to try it some time.  We will definitely be back to eat in the restaurant!Review is for food only. Overpriced for the small portions. Terrible, dive bar atmosphere, and pumping dance music. Street food quality... Not a compliment.Wow. Rude managerial staff! Had a reservation for four and they gave the table away!  Luckily they could sear us in reasonable time but that was ridiculous.  Had a groupon and waitress said I could mark as used after she made me fill out this stupid form by hand. The manger came over and kept touching my back and shoulder as he spoke down to me that only he could mark it as used. Uh. Ten dont have your wait staff take the number and instruct people to mark it as used. My brother was two seconds from ripping this guy's head off for touching me. Will not go back.I enjoyed the four different sushi rolls I purchased. Prices are great. Fresh and rolled perfectYakitori Boy is great for two reasons. First, it has a very nice, clean set of karaoke rooms. The rooms feature songs in English, Mandarin, Japanese, Korean, and Spanish, if you hang with an International crowd. They even have that goofy Numa Numa song, which happens to be in Romanian. On non-peak nights, the rooms are half-off.
The second reason why it is great is because it is attached to a Japanese restaurant which serves Japanese tapas. The little dishes are reasonably priced, and on Wednesdays, rolls are half-off. Another Wednesday night special is $2 for a light beer. While they have the typical complement of sushi dishes, they also have tasty soups (udon, soba, miso, etc.), yakitori (shishkabobs), and special Japanese snacks like takoyaki (fried octopus balls) and okonomiyaki (a crepe). It's all very tasty and reasonably priced. The servings are small, so you can try many things. I feel that Yakitori Boy has a better selection of non-sushi items than most places in Philadelphia.We decided to have dinner at yakatori boy for my friends bachelorette party. There were 17 of us. Our server was "Bob" he was on point, patient and very understanding. 
The food was amazing and the prices were even better. 
We were so impressed. 
Thank you for providing everything we could ask for!Been here a few times- bachelorette parties.. Upstairs there's a large bar-super modern decor-doesn't really fit in with the Chinatown vibe but its nice. There are private karaoke rooms for extra $$, however the bar area is plenty big for one to sing their heart out and entertain the masses. I believe its $1 per song with plenty of choices to satisfy any karaoke snob.  The lychee martini was delic!!!  Had quite a few and was singing Bon Jovi to a room full of strangers in no time flat. The food was ok.  Sushi is decent but not great. There was nothing that I ate that really stood out, but we were having such a great time with the karaoke that I don't think anyone noticed. Highly recommended for bday, bachelorette, large group gatherings... If the food was better I would definitely give it a 4.DON'T BELIEVE THE HYPE!  Female bar staff was friendly, but male staff was rude.  Just because I'm not holding a drink, but I got 10 friends standing behind me on their 2nd round still means I can't sit at the bar.  Staff has the nerve to argue with patrons, this place is not that great and you just work here, so get over yourselves.  Whatever happen to hospitality in a service establishment?
As for food, skewers were ok because it's trendy.  Everything else was over priced mall quality Japanese food.
One last thing, what bar starts turning on their lights at 1:30am, on a Friday night??? Staffs started to clean up, wipe down counters, and sweeping the floor while there were still patrons drinking, singing and waiting for their songs, which they paid $5 for 4 songs (they jacked up the $).  It just felt like the staff wanted ppl to leave.  If I were the owners, I would hire better staff.  
And it's true about ppl losing stuff here, bunch of thieves lurking around to steal coats, cameras, and anything they can get their hands on.Went here two Saturdays ago for my birthday. I rented out an 18 person room for karaoke with roughly fifteen of my friends. This was truly one of the best nights I've ever had! When we got to Chinatown we waited in a line for maybe five minutes. Our reservation was from 10PM to 12:15AM. Our room was ready right away and we didn't have to wait at all which was A+. When we entered our room it was clean and we had different food options and beer selections. We decided to do bottle service and ordered two bottles of Absolute vodka. It came with four different types of chasers A++. 
It didn't take long for any of us to warm up. They had an array of songs to choose from and we definitely took advantage! Once we were done our two bottles we decided to order another just shy of the night ending. They were extremely accommodating and delivered everything to us promptly. Once 12:15AM rolled around they notified us that they were giving us an extra 15 minutes. So naturally we squeezed in two more songs! 
I highly recommend Yakitori Boy if you're looking for something fun and different to do with your girlfriends in the city!If you want a pretenious and unmerited uptight vibe for karaoke, come here and you'll soon regret it.  I've never been to Japan but I have fallen in love private room (and podium style) karaoke in the States.  Do you want to sign a waiver for an obscure night with a limited song list and a system that's unfriendly to operate than by all means; enjoy!  If it wasn't for the succulent and delectable skewers I would have reluctantly given one star.  This is not a VIP lounge or the White House, people.  Get yourself and your management in a reality check.This was one of the most regrettable dining experiences I've had all summer; I've been regretting every penny I spent here since I signed the check approximately 10 hours ago. What upsets me the most, though, is that people seem to really think this is one of the best things Chintatown has to offer. I am utterly baffled by any review giving this more than 3 stars.
First off, the atmosphere is totally pretentious. Yuckitori Boy attempts to pay homage to the chic sushi dens of lower east side Manhattan, yet embarrasses itself by delivering neither quality nor charm.
The edamame had clearly been defrosted moments before arriving at our table, and I'd be surprised if the agedashi tofu, which was soggy, spongy and borderline flavorless, wasn't microwaved. I'm pretty sure that the 'Chef's Choice' Yakitori platter ($15.00!) contained less than a single chicken breast's-worth of meat, and the sushi, well, reminded me that it was the end of the week. I've had better Shumai from this hip little place I know about called Trader Joe's. I think theirs are frozen too.
I'm praying that on my way to work I'll find a twenty on the ground so I can pretend that my visit to Yuckitori Boy never happened and can stop feeling like I made the worst decision of my life last night.If I could give this place 3.5 stars I would. Great place to go for late night eats. There's so much on the menu which ok---small plates so you can order them all! The menu is pages long. I had sushi, miso, squid, and kabobs. There's karaoke in a different area but the main karaoke floor was way too crowded. The waitresses were ok. They could have been friendlier. Smiles go a long way with customer impressions. Dim, intimate and cute setting.
Dropped in on a Friday night road trip from DC. This was one of the few places was open.My girl friend and I went to Yakitori on Saturday evening since my friend wanted to have some drinks w/ dinner. We had takoyaki, deluxe sashimi, mini ramen, and bunch of skewers. Everything was delicious and fresh. We sat at the booth so noise was not a problem. Service was prompt and the waitress checked on us often enough. Only reason I gave 4 stars is that we couldn't find a parking near so parked far & walked in cold weather(no valet, Lol+jk)I love this place particularly for the food and atmosphere. 
The upstairs is an open bar and private karaoke rooms which are great. The music selection should definitely be updated but furthermore it's a great spot.
Downstairs is more intimate and the lights are dim with small accent lights. The hostess is always dressed (sometimes I catch myself like "yess" wonder where she got that from lol). Needless to say appearance is important! The food is soo affordable and the best part is that it's sooooo good. It's a great menu selection, a lot of options to choose from and has options for everyone! The drinks are yummy and not watered down and not too pricey either. 
Happy hour is great! I should add that! LolTrying to karaoke on a Saturday night here was an incredibly ludicrous experience that would leave anyone flummoxed. The bouncer, flanked by four equally poorly trained customer service people at the front podium, scanned my group's driver's licenses. Their machine did not like one of my friends' ID. Flummoxed, the bouncer called for his manager. Said manager looks annoyed that he has to come down and deal with this. He inspects my friend's license by eye. Equally flummoxed by said license, he resorts to their escalation method when not able to validate ID. He takes out a form-- yes, paperwork-- and asks my friend to fill it out, while he holds on to her license. She is then made to sign the form for I don't know what. A little confused as to the extreme measures to validate an ID, I asked one of the customer service folks at the podium, "Geez, how many under-aged people have you let in here?!" One responded, "Well, we've been fined a lot, so..." So... yeah. After us, someone who did not have a driver's license but had a US Passport was denied entry, because you can't scan passports with their little ID validation machine. All were flummoxed. There is not one day in the week when a driver's license is superior to a US Passport for the purpose of identification validation. Guys, you can use a passport to validate identification, it has the person's DOB and everything. This was a poorly trained front side staff, that poorly handles anything other than a perfect scan of one's U.S. driver's license, if they have one to present.
Once you get past the Berlin wall, the food is decent-- 3.5 stars. The karubi and philly roll were pretty good. And the customer service people behind the iron gates is also very good.
Flummoxed.If you have a group, reserve a private room. They're small-ish, but it's such a fun thing to do and you don't have to wait a long time to do your song (or not get a chance to at all, which had happened to be at other karaoke venues.) the song selection system has some kinks and they don't have everything, but there was enough to keep our bachelorette party group entertained for more than the 3 hours we were there. The waiter came in a good amount of times to check on us, and there was a call button if we needed help or drinks/food. I didn't have any food; the drinks were fine. But really, having a private karaoke room is great, and reserving it in advance was a breeze. I suggest booking ahead, though, because the Saturday night we were there was packed.I was in Philly visiting a friend for the weekend and she brought us here on a Saturday night for dinner. 
The rolls all seemed to be half the normal amount (3 -4 pieces instead of the usual 6 or so). I ordered a tuna roll which was just your everyday run of the mill tuna roll. Good, but nothing spectacular. I also go a Ranger Roll. This thing was massive...massively delicious. Tuna, salmon, seaweed salad (yes, SEAWEED SALAD IN A ROLL) avocado and roe. 
As for the yakitori, some was good, some was just ok. I tasted the mushroom yakitori (definitely the best of the bunch), eggplant yakitori and the short rib. The short rib was too thin and didn't have enough meat to really be satisfying. Others ordered the chicken yakitori which also seemed to skimp on the meat. If i came back. I'd just stick with the mushroom yakitori, whatever they marinated those mushrooms in was pure tastiness. 
On to dessert...We ordered the green tea tempura ice cream. One word. BLEH! It was maybe the worst fried ice cream I've had. The tempura coating was thick and chewy. Not right at all. It should have been a nice crunchy coating thin enough to break through easily to get to the ice cream, instead I had to go searching for my ice cream through the breading only to find ice cream that was too frozen to get my spoon through. I don't want to work that hard to eat dessert. 
My friend goes for karaoke all the time here and says it's wonderful so I've got to take her word for it. It seems like they have some great drink specials which they only offer sunday-thursday. If i lived in Philly I would probably come back here as they offer some solid Japanese food.After admiring Yakitori Boy from afar (like three years 'afar'), I finally had a chance to go Saturday night!
My friend and I made a reservation for 9 PM, so we missed the busy dinner rush.  Before I continue, check YB's "contact" section on its website about where to park; fortunately my friend was able to park safely around the corner in a lot which didn't seem to charge.  Anyway, she and I were taken care of by the knowledgeable and sweet Alan.  
For our appetizer, we could not resist the 10 piece Chef's Choice Yakitori Appetizer. She ordered the Chicken Teriyaki bowl and I had the Yaki Tako (squid) along with a Lobster sushi.  The only letdown is that YB does not serve brown rice which isn't a deal breaker personally.  I think they could satisfy more palettes by adding this option.  Collectively, our food choices looked and tasted phenomenal.
We ended with the Crème brûlée and strawberry mochi, both delicious and incredibly satisfying *without* being heavy.  In total our bill was $45.88 (after tax); not bad for two people.
Now, what is a visit to Yakitori Boy without the karaoke bar upstairs?  Our Cranberry Vodkas were $7 apiece, so I'd say it was (somewhat) reasonable.  My friend and I were very entertained by the karaoke and ended up being invited into a private karaoke room by a coworker for a birthday.  We came, we drank, we sang! The waiters were incredibly attentive to the room and seemed to get a kick out of our singing.  We ended up leaving before 2 AM, but we had such a blast even though some parts of the song selecting were confusing.
I can't wait for my next trip to Yakitori Boy!This place has become more of a hang out spot if anything. Tuesday nights are spent  downstairs devouring $1 skewers, Wednesday nights enjoying half off sushi, and Thursdays/Friday nights upstairs at the bar drinking and singing karaoke (If you're too shy to sing in public they offer private karaoke rooms for a price).
Tuesday night skewers with a 34ounce Godzilla can of Asahi makes my week complete.THIS PLACE IS THE PITS!  I got food poisoning from this place and hence had to leave my friend's birthday party early and now I won't get to really see her again because she's leaving soon to go to grad school in California...pretty unhappy with this place.  
Plus, the servers were random, it was SUPER loud, you have to go upstairs to access the restaurant/bar, the karaoke rooms don't have much room for eating the food that you've ordered, the food is overpriced for what it is, they check IDs as early as 7 pm (wtf/??? and who under 21 is coming in here, really?), the karaoke machines are difficult to use and malfunction and need servicing (randomly deleting the songs you and your friends select), the karaoke videos for well-known hits are weird, home videos you've never seen before, the karaoke song selection is not up-to-date, and the sushi, which made me terribly sick, didn't even taste that great.  
Save your bowels and stomach and don't bother!!!!!!  Run far far away!Hey $2.50 for sushi is ridiculously cheap. It's pretty fresh and decent. Not amazing sushi as the rolls are kind've small but if you want sushi on a budget this is the place to be on Wednesday. I've gotten some other great dishes besides sushi too and its a nice clean atmosphere. Usually pretty good service tootheir sushi is good, especially Wednesday sushi specials! 
great place to drink and catch up with friends, meet new friends, and try their skewers!
if you are a really fan for sashimi, they fly in Japenese fishes fresh off the plane, and will take special order and keep one aside for you till they run out.  after we enjoyed the fresh fish from Japan, they deep fried the bone and we ate it like chips, it was sooooo yummie :)
servers and owner are super friendly, maybe they will sign Karaoke with you if you are lucky!Where else in this city can you go and see a guy who looks like he swallowed a small child sing Celine Dion? Egos seem to be checked at the door here--unless you just have to go after midnight (like I did) when everyone starts to loosen up from the sake. Most of the people that I've talked to went for a birthday party (like I did) but I think it's worth a trip when you're bored from sitting in a lounge where everyone else is trying to look bored. You can duck into a private room for group karaoke but I preferred watching everyone grab the mic around the main bar. It's a fun time here, hands down. We laughed. We cried. A friend sang Weird Al Yankovic's "Just Eat It." No, just go.Yes...there a many places other then Yakatori Toilet
You got to be fricking kidding....Was here long enough to leave!!!
Visited yakatori boy because of all the great reviews and rumors of celeb sightings
This place is a urinal..As we entered the building with alot of excitement we were 
greeted by the over whelming smell of bleach....The unfinished concrete floor had cracks and divots...The table and chairs are old and smelled of smoke,  The place is very dark ...our guess was it was to hide all the other inperfections.It reminded us of an old basement night club with the smell of smoke, bleach and split beer
We were seated at a table that wobbled because of the uneven concrete floor.The table was dirty and smelled so the server tried to wipe it clean but the cloth she used smelled of old dirty bleach.
The only chardonay was canyon road.. A cheap, sweet $3 bottle 
Unable to order because of the smell and condition of the restaurant my wife and I got up and left like the place was on fire...
Not sure why all the reviews are good..
Take my word and do not waste your time to park to visit this  toilet
The absolute worst place we have ever visitedWent there with my boyfriend and found it a nice place to hang out! Price is fair and foods are good! Taste nice and looks beautiful. Get your dishes ready real quickly and fresh cooked.Fine Japanese dining it is not, but it is a great place to go and try a bunch of different stuff. Portions are tapas size, so you don't have to worry about having a large portion of something that didn't taste like you thought it would. Take some friends and share it all. Be warned though, it does add up. Drinks are a bit pricey, but meh, whattya gonna do?
Haven't taken part in the karaoke, but it sure sounds like fun.A (pricey) taste of Japan's famed karaoke bars.
I first booked a karaoke room at Yakitori boy for a double birthday party for myself and a friend. The staff were friendly and accommodating, particularly when scheduling issues for the room came up. Be sure to call AT LEAST 3-4 days in advance when booking a private karaoke room.
The food was absolutely delicious. If you like sushi or tempura, be sure to order some because it's great here. I particularly loved the sweet potato tempura.
My only complaints:
-the karaoke system in the private room had an outdated song list and was very complicated to operate.
-for an average night out, this place can be very pricey. Make all your friends participating aware of the cost of the room.
-Keep your eye on the clock; if you go over your time, you're paying for it.This was my third time there and food was just as delicious as the first time. I come here because I is Izakayas in Japan and this is the closest thing. Everything is great from meat skewers, to sushi, to tempuraI came here yesterday, which I thought was funny since I had just written a general review for Yakitori two days ago.. But anyway, now with a whole meal experience fresh in my head, I can leave a clearer review.
The place is really dim, and it was a little annoying to have to squint to read the menu via tea-candle light. But, I'm just being picky. We were seated quickly and shown the specials menu for the Tuesday dollar skewers. First off, I remember a time when ALL the skewers were a dollar off, save a few. Now it's just limited to a small selection which, if memory serves correctly, is chicken, chicken meat ball, chicken and scallion, bacon wrapped quail egg (there are 2 on the stick), asparagus (which is just 1 grilled asparagus), chicken liver, pork belly, and ginko nut. I might be missing a few. 
The yakitori are tasty! (Again, what's to hate about meat on sticks?) But I was a little disappointed because I remember there being more meat on the stick? Maybe it's just the dollar special thing. And the one asparagus made me laugh - ONE asparagus. 
On top of a few dollar skewers, I ordered the chicken skin skewer (which was crispy, a little greasy, and amazing) and the spicy toro roll, which was delicious, but I couldn't really differentiate between normal tuna? The prices for the sushi at Yaki are low, but keep in mind they only come in rolls of 4 pieces! I also had the warm bottle of house sake. I'm not really a sake expert, so I'll just say that it came hot and it gave me a good buzz.
One final note, service was extremely fast and watchful. I saw our sushi dishes sitting on the sushi bar for quite some time before they were delivered over to us, but other than that dirty plates were scooped up quickly, and I feel like they have one person just to refill your water! My glass was refilled at least 8 times during the entire service. Not sure of how much water I drank, but I am very appreciative that I never had to ask for more.Holy lord, do I have a lot to say about this place. I went with a group of friends to Yakitori Boy for karaoke night last night for a birthday party. There were about 11 or so of us most of the night. We started off at the bar and the bartenders were fabulous. Really, they were so friendly and the service was quick. But then we moved to a table and were then waited on by a server...with a real attitude problem. She never smiled or greeted us, was in no way pleasant and literally ignored us every chance she got. We waited over an hour or more for her to return to our table just to get us some fresh drinks. She'd walk right past us despite our attempts to get her attention (waving, standing, yelling, she just flat out ignored us). We actually managed to get the barbacks attention and he was happy to help us get our drinks. Most other times we had to go the bar. She also took our song tickets but never put them in to the MC so our songs were never played...which we didn't find out until having to ask her twice. We were still charged for those songs on our tab, btw. We sat for hours, drinkless and waiting for our song choices that never came on. Also, they could use a new karaoke MC. The guy from last night was painfully full of himself, sang more songs than the patrons at the bar and was just plain obnoxious. The one song out of the few we managed to get played, the MC played the wrong song. Then berated us via microphone because we apparently wrote the wrong number (we didn't, however even if we did the correct song title and artist are written on the ticket). I don't think I'll be back. Unfortunate too because the atmosphere and bartenders were great.Food is pretty good they have a lot of sushi options as well as yakitori and bowls. They have karaoke upstairs and usually have specials. Cool spot.My friends and I went here for restaurant week and it was among the other the great experiences I have had at a restaurant. The quantity and quality of food served was perfect. Since it was restaurant week, we got a great deal of a 5 course meal for something about $39. I would definitely go here for karaoke once because the ambience and the professionalism of the workers impressed me.Went here with a few friends on a Friday night. We got insanely lucky and scored a reservation for a table in the lounge because someone had canceled last minute. We had the best time! When we first got upstairs I was a little skeptical because of just how crowded it was, but once we sat at our table it was fine. Everyone sings along to all the songs which makes the karaoke aspect less intimidating, and the service was decent. We got beer and sake, and two of us split the Jimmy Rollins roll which I highly recommend. We already planned our next trip back to the lounge, and I would definitely go back to the restaurant to try more of the food as well.First walked into the restaurant greeted by staff that was not very friendly. Didn't smile once and I felt like we were bothering her by being there.
I gave this place 4/5 only because the rooms were very clean and drinks were delicious. The kareoke system was new and easy to use. Only thing that My group couldn't figure out is how to make the mics louder. 
The waitress was much nicer then the greeters at the door. Would go back again as long as I dont have to see a rude front desk again.My group of friends had a great night here, better than the dinner plans that also go 4 stars on yelp. I didn't try the food here, but we stood at the bar all night with cocktails in hand and got to unexpectedly sing two songs. It was a great night!
I'm taking away one star because I feel like our experience wasn't the typical treatment at this bar. We had a great bartender who made the drinks strong and snuck us in to sing the first song (even after they were telling people they were booked... which was probably around 11:30pm). After that, the karaoke guy came over and said "wow great song choice! you can sing another one if you want!" so we did... but I feel like everyone else's song got pushed back. If it wasn't for that one bartender and the karaoke guy our night probably would've been like any other night out at the bar.I like this place for sushi and everything else. They have speciality appetizers and rolls. Then go upstairs for bar and karoake.I've been going here for quite sometime and I must say for dollar skewers on Tuesdays you can't really beat it especially when they close super late. I had the opportunity to try out some of their all foods on the menu and they are all good as well. When I order skewers I usually start off with kani salad or Miso Soup. For dessert its all about the fried green tea ice cream.
Look for photos in the gallery DNP.My review is based only on the upstairs area. I have never consumed food at the place and am speaking soley on the karaoke atmosphere/drinks aspect. 
With that being said, I dig the karaoke vibe at Yakitori Boy. Granted, I don't have much else to compare it to since the selection of karaoke bars in Philadelphia are lacking tremendously. {Philly needs to step up their game in this department!}
Karaoke Aspect:
1. The song selections are pretty decent and you can usually always find the song you're looking for. With a few minor exceptions, I haven't been disappointed and the book is almost always updated with newer songs.
2. Yaki always runs song specials. EXCEPT for the last weekend I was there. For some reason, songs were $2 and no special was being held. This was pretty uncool as my friends and I were the primary business for the joint on a Friday night and a deal with buying songs would have been more than lovely. 
3. The microphones appear to never be loud enough.
4. They recently switched a lot of their ever so stellar Japanese music videos to the boring regular American videos. What fun is that? 
5. The karaoke hostess and/or bartenders sing way too many songs. I get it, you're good, you can carry a note, you think you're a rockstar. But you're not a paying customer. So let's try and not take turns away from those so called paying customers who just so happen to be paying $2 per song since you're not running any specials. 
6. The crowd is usually nothing but awesome. Everyone encourages and sings along and no one really seems to care if you can or can't hit that high note. 
Drinks:
1. Hit or miss. Standard prices. Perhaps a bit too pricey for a Captain and ginger...but I won't complain as long as you keep em' coming. 
2. I've never been there when they've been running any amazing deals. But my thought is there aren't any.
3. The bartenders are always accommodating, quick and mostly men. So being a girl kind of benefits with the quick and accommodating part. Oh...and some do tricks!
Atmosphere:
1. It's small...but that's how most karaoke bars tend to be. 
2. At any chance they get, they enjoy releasing dry ice. I'm a fan of this and makes me feel like I'm being some cheap 80's music video or something. 
3. The bouncers at the front door can get a bit ridiculous. They one time wouldn't let my friend and I inside because we were both wearing sweatshirts under our t-shirts. We had just come from a Phillies game, mind you. I like how I can sit at the bar at the Four Seasons in said attire...but apparently it's not good enough for Yakitori Boy.
All in all, I'm a satisfied customer. It's a fun place to sing a jam or two or 15. Whatever fits your fancy.I went to Yakitori Boy this past Saturday night to sing karaoke for a friend's birthday. We had about 15 people gathered in the main area of the bar, which was apparently way too many to be comfortable. The bar itself is unbelievably crowded starting at about 11 PM, and the cocktail service is borderline impossible. Not only did the server confuse us by saying we could not pay for drinks in cash from the table (she took all of our cards instead), but we ALSO could not walk up to the bar and order any drinks to have added to the tabs we assumed they had in their computer. This was both inconvenient, confusing, and frustrating. Furthermore, ONE girl was responsible for drink and food service too all groups at tables that night, including selling karaoke tickets. It was difficult to flag her down and even more difficult to keep track of who would be getting what delivered to the table and when. If you want to have fun at this bar I suggest going early in the evening so you can hear the person next to you and so that you don't feel like you're spending $10 on each drink only to find that you can't enjoy it in the loud crowd of people standing like sardines.My favorite place for sushi and all things Asian. The Karaoke lounge and private dining make this place really stand above the rest. Frequent flyer!
Ps. Tuesday in the Lounge is an event to remember! ;-)I've been here many times for karaoke and once for dinner.  My experience last night prompted me to finally write a review.
Dinner here was so-so, but my judgment was clouded by a recent trip to Japan and the awesome food there.  In summary, the skewers here are definitely subpar compared to that found in Japan, but were still somewhat tasty.
As for the karaoke, I've sung with a group of friends in the main room and also tried out the private rooms.  My friends and I prefer the private rooms, because then we can sing our preferred songs immediately rather than wait for our selected songs to pop up in the queue in the main room.  The touch-screen system in the private rooms is easy to navigate and has more than enough songs to fill two hours of singing, sushi, sake bombs, and Sapporos.  
Last night, we crammed nine people into a six-person room and had a blast.  Service was very speedy and we were never hurting for beer or surrounded by empty plates.  We took advantage of the Wednesday sushi special ($2.50 per roll) and also indulged in sake bombs and Japanese beer.  Because we met the spending minimum for the room, we weren't charged the hourly rate.  So...much...fun....
I'm sure I'll be back here again within the next few months, and I will have a similarly great time belting out old favorites with good friends.I really didn't know what to expect coming here, but I love a good happy hour mixed with Karaoke and sushi.  Yakitori Boy did not disappoint.  The food was a three-star for me (we didn't have much, so this could change), and the karaoke pushed it up to a four-star night.  
The bartender was very friendly and mixed up some tasty, discounted drinks.  We had the Sakitini and the one with Pomegranite in it along with a couple good beers.  The happy hour special here is pretty stellar, and it sounds like Tue/Wed night is even better.  
I've never seen a karaoke bar as sophisticated (maybe not the best word, but it will do) as this.  They've got smoke, laser lights, wireless mics, and huge flat screens for lyrics.  It's quite the setup.  I still have two song tickets, so I'll definitely be making an encore here!Came here to celebrate a friend's birthday and rented out one of the private rooms.  It was so awesome!!  If you love karaoke and Japanese beer, you will absolutely love Yakitori!  We ended up buying a bottle of vodka for the room (I know, ballers), which was pretty ridiculously priced and totally not recommended unless you're making it rain.  
It's such a different, interesting way to spend an evening and is perfect for a celebration!  If you're not fortunate to rent out one of the private rooms, they also have karaoke out in the main bar that you can join in with.  
By far my favorite part of this place is the funny videos they play with the karaoke.  They usually make no sense and feature two lovers running around in the rain or doing something equally cheesy.  Hilarious stuff!Good little addition to china town - decent enough food - interesting drinks.
Worth mentioning that they have a great selection, especially if you're vegetarian.Best place ever. Owner was very nice. It was 1:45 A.M and I jokingly said I want more food!  The owner went in the kitchen and made me fries! The sushi was fresh and succulent. I would definitely recommend to my family and friends.I was visiting some friends in Philly and we decided to go karaoke on our last night. We rented a room for the 5 of us for $30 an hour. The room was spacious and comfy and they had a pretty good selection of songs. From our choices they were only missing 2 - Taylor Swift's Trouble and Disney's Part of Your World. 
We ordered a sushi roll which was okay but too pricey at $15. The yakitori were much tastier and a great deal with most priced at $1.5-$2.5. The pork belly, gizzards, and liver are all really good.
When we left around midnight there was a line at the door and the bouncer said they were at max capacity. They are so popular it's like a club so definitely make a reservation if you can! Also if you are able to go on weekdays they have specials where you can apply your drink and food purchases to the room rate.Having moved from San Francisco to Philly, I have to admit that I'm pretty darn skeptical about sushi on the East Coast.  Whether this is well-founded or not remains to be seen, but Yakitori Boy made the first step toward convincing me that my wariness is somewhat misplaced.
As we were seated, the sushi chef told us not to worry about what we ordered because "everything is good."  My only real criticism of YB is that we sat at the sushi bar, but couldn't see the sushi chefs working their craft.  I really like it when they have mirrors over the bar that let you see what is going on on the other side.
What we had- and what we thought:
* Edamame - complimentary!
* Miso Soup- dense, but good
* Spicy Tuna Roll- a little heavy on the mayo
* Vegatable Tempura- standard... and good.  Not too greasy.
* Soba- hearty on a cold day with a good mix of mushrooms.
* Unagi Nigiri- super-fresh, and absolutely delicious.  5-stars.
* Spider Roll- again, absolutely fantastic... left me thinking about ordering another.
As a whole, the food was really good, and we didn't even scratch the surface of the menu which, at  Yakitori Boy, is ridiculously extensive.  The prices are in the value-range, which is something remarkable considering the sophisticated atmosphere.  When they get their liquor license, this will be the place to be in Chinatown.
Arigato, Yakitori Boy!I went to this place once and that's all it took. I love it! We rented a private room 6 person room which was $30 bucks an hour. Between 6 people that's pretty affordable. The rooms are soundproof with a leather wrap around bench. It was cozy but room enough for six. The waitress was kind of crabby but after a couple of Saki bombs she didn't matter to us anymore. The song selection is so so  if you are into rap, hip hop and r & B. It's more like top 40's or so. It's really nice how the whole place is set up. When we were done with our room we hung out at the bar where there is a public Karaoke area. The singers that volunteered were very good-which tells me serious singers go here. The crowd is a good mix and the people are casual and laid back. Very nice atmosphere.I have been one time back in December and have been wanting to go back ever since.  The Saki tini's were amazing and so is the monster roll, can't eat it all the time but so worth checking out.The only bar where I've developed PTSD. The decibels so cranked that when I got outside, I thought, I just survived an IED. If you like sushi out of a can and are a troglodyte, you'll love it!This place is amazing for birthdays when getting a private karaoke room. I've been to several birthdays with a private karaoke room for 3-4 hours and its nice that all your friends aren't lost in the crowd when going out or that it would be too loud to talk to each other. You still have that going out feeling but also still have your group of friends together not to be bothered by guys creeping on your girl friends. 
The weekdays are fun as well at the main bar upstairs. Monday they usually have industry nights. Tues $1 skewers are amazing. Def get the meatballs if anything. Weds nights they have Bacardi mix pitchers which are amazing. Me and my friends usually take rounds and switch up which pitcher we get. 
For a date, its a nice simple place downstairs for dinner and drinks and the food is really good. It's not cheap however. 
Overall, l go here sometimes during the weekday to have a few drinks, a little food and sing karaoke w friends and strangers. The song list is pretty up to date to most places and you'll be surprised what songs you actually find. 
I love this place and have been going here for weekday drinks, birthday and dates for years now.This is my go-to place for Japanese food in Philly. Their sake selection is very good. I like that the menu encourages trying lots of different kinds of food. Karaoke rooms on the second floor are nice, but it's fine just singing in the main room too.The lowered review is in response to their customer appreciation night on Thursday. It was crowded as expected and they certainly didn't skimp on the variety of food available, but, the bartenders were terrible for most part. It was bad enough you couldn't really hear over blaring karaoke, but, they seemed to be preferring certain customers and even ignoring us. The younger bartenders seemed robotic & cold and one even signaled at me like he didn't have time when I was trying to get his attention when the others didn't really look up.  Who does that?  Only one person listened to us the entire visit. Star back for the complimentary open bar having Stoli as their default vodka.I'm only rating the karyoke and drinks because somehow, in all of the times I've been here, I've never tried the food.
This place is great for karyoke! They have several rooms you can rent by the hour, and they usually cut you a deal especially during the week. For the smaller rooms, they usually waive the cost of the room if you have a drink tab of something like $40 an hour, and for the big room (which fits maybe 15 people), they set the hourly tab at $60 an hour. They usually have some sort of drink special running as well, so sometimes it's actually hard to meet that hourly minimum. You can either reserve a room in advance or just talk with the hosts when you first come in to work out the details.
The karyoke machines themselves have a good selection of songs -- boy bands, Madonna, Queen -- you name it! But they have some of the strangest music videos I have ever seen (obviously not the real music videos and most of them look like they're out of the 90s).I must have been spoiled by the bustling scene of yakitori and izakaya beer houses in so cal because I was expecting something akin to that level of quality. The things I expect when I walk into a yakitori joint are: cheap-ish beer, and they need to Handle their grill and sushi bar. Bonuses include innovative appetizers or small dishes, and good soup-y dishes like oden or ramen for the visits on colder days. 
My favorite yakitori meats are all the organ meats. This place served dried, over seasoned pieces. My second favorite things to get in yakitori form are veggies; theirs were unremarkable and overpriced. The worst part of the visit by far, however, was all the sushi rolls we ordered with any amount of raw fish. The only exception to this was the Mexican roll, in which the raw fish was saved by the spices pounded into it and the copious amount of sauce and chili powder that still went atop that was finally sufficient to mask the not-fresh-raw-fish-smell. The other sushi rolls that came with raw meat either inside or on top were unbearable. Very unpleasant fishy aroma and the texture was mushy and chewy at the same time confirming what the smell alone indicated. 
There is a chance I will return if this is the Only yakitori joint in town, which I sincerely hope is not the case. Our waitress was nice, the hostess was nice blah blah. I honestly can't tell you about the decor or Um, Beyonce (ambience) because I don't really pay attention to things like that. It's just your standard Asian place that is reaching for that trendy crowd from what I can discern. That is also too bad because I miss how cozy izakaya houses tend to be in so cal.Food is okay.
Drinks and okay.
Service very good!
Very fun atmosphere when you get upstairs!
Tuesday nights are best!
Overall experience very good!1. Hair in my food, literally rolled into the sushi roll along with the cucumber and avocado. 
2. Staff pulled the dish from the table on discovery, but offered no apologies, no real acknowledgement, just the check.  
3. Never returning.I am a big fan of this place. It has excellent food, friendly service, and a comfortable ambience.
My friends and I ordered approximately 30 yakitori skewers for dinner, some sides (like tempura), and also a bowl of ramen.
Everything was delicious. The skewers were cooked very well, and the ramen was rich and filling. If it weren't for tragic limitations of the human anatomy, I might have ordered another 30 skewers. Instead, I decided to be reasonable and ordered around 5 more. And I enjoyed every bite.
My favorite yakitori skewers are the ribeye, liver, pork belly, chicken skin, and chicken with green onions. My least favorite one may have been the chicken gizzard, although I attribute that more to my unfamiliarity with the ingredient rather than to any problems on their end.
Our waiter was friendly and we loved him. He was very attentive (I am relatively sure that his name was Johnny) and may very well have been one of the best servers I have encountered in my life thus far. So if you come here, ask for Johnny. He's chill.
I will say that it can definitely get crowded at certain times, but a reservation a day or two in advance should prevent that from becoming an issue. Also, if you are like me and have no self-control, beware: those skewers can really add up on your check.
In conclusion: try this place. I doubt you will be disappointed.I work in Chinatown, so I've walked past this place several times. I noticed that they have some awesome-looking weekly specials, including a SUSHI special on Wednesdays. Now, sushi has to be my favorite food of all time. Their Wednesday happy hour special is $2.50 per roll, plus $3-4 beer specials. I knew I had to try this place out.
I had my chance last week. I brought a date there.  The inside is pretty nice, and the waiter took us to a fairly secluded table. I have to admit, I was skeptical about the food. I figured they would only offer their worst-selling rolls..I mean, come on. $2.50?? That is soo cheap.
I was wrong. They had a fairly extensive menu of $2.50 rolls. I didn't feel limited at all. And the food was good!!!! I think we tried nearly every roll on the menu and loved them all.
We both totally gorged ourselves on sushi. I had a Sapporo, my date had 2, and we got out of there with a $33 bill!! Even better, my date picked up the check :) 
Thanks Yakitori Boy!My group of 4 came to eat then sing, when hearing about this restaurant. It was an 80 degree humid night and the restaurant was hot but the atmosphere was nice. Probably a better place for couples than groups because it's small. Besides that, I was more excited for the food. Prices were a bit high but I assumed it was accounting for the quality. My table ordered a variety of rolls, the Alaskan, the golden, the dragon, and other raw fish dishes. I also ordered sashimi and skewer sticks. The sashimi came first and it was delicious but $15 for 6 pieces, which was high. The quality was certainly fresh though and I was still happy. Then the rolls came out and they looked delicious as well but in my experience with sushi I found the rolls to be a bit short. As in usually the rolls are 6 pieces or more. Our rolls came out in 5s and our second order of rolls came out in 4s even though they were charging us the same price. The waitress, although a friendly enough girl, had ordered more than what we asked for and instead of taking it back, she suggested we keep it. But we were charged for the dishes she misordered. Our bill came and we found out they don't split checks. And even as we were waiting for the bill, more dishes were wrongly offered to us in confusion. Despite the service, the food was good. Not excellent to make any of this excusable though. To make matters worse, we checked out the karaoke lounge that we were dying to see. It was so crowded by the bar, we couldn't get drinks and there was no clear method on how anyone was supposed to request a song so we left and said good riddance to Yakatori Boy.I only go here for "yaki-Tuesday" when they have their $1 skewer deals, but it's just okay nothing too special. It's a nice restaurant in Chinatown to eat at with friends.This place is a lot of fun and a great place to bring a friend from out of town (we brought our Irish co-worker visiting America and she absolutely LOVED it). But there were a couple of things about it that kind of annoyed me / rubbed me the wrong way.
We got a ton of sake bombs--dope, no complaints there. But every time our server came in to drop off our drinks she acted really awkward and gave us weird looks. Like hello? I just did 3 sake bombs back to back to back. I'm not going to hit Celine Dion notes--it's gonna sound bad. So that whole thing kind of weirded me out. 
Also, song selection was sub-par. I honestly expected it to be a lot better. 
The karaoke machine itself was v difficult to figure out / configure, kind of a buzzkill.
Def a place I will bring someone from out of town again, but I would probably never go here for just a random night out with friends.I hate when places start becoming snobby when they are doing well...when did they start making you wait outside in roped lines as if it's an exclusive club? Next thing you know they'll start charging cover. My friends and I stopped by a friend's birthday party who had booked a room already and were told we still had to wait b/c they were "making space upstairs" -we're not really adding to the crowd, so I didn't totally get that. One friend from the south asked to stand by the heat lamp while we waited b/c she wasn't used to northern weather and was freezing. Bouncer responds sarcastically, "No, that's for me since I have to stand here ALL NIGHT". They are also super strict with bringing in outside food - we had leftovers from dinner and they made us throw it out. 
I'm torn. For dinner, everything is great, and they usually accommodate the request to have the 1 semi private room that seats 6-8. For karaoke, its one of the better spots in Philly b/c of the private rooms and great happy hour deals. I'll still go b/c it's a lot of fun, but am reminiscent of the old days when they were just starting out.