Was a really great place . Had a cool naruto vibe going on. The fish cakes are a cute additional to one of the best and quite cheaply priced ramen I've had in a while. Definitely a try . Domo arigato!So me and my boyfriend showed up at 11:20 on a Sunday even though their hours say they open at 11:30  they seated us immediately. We got the drink menu first and I tried the tea of the day which was the Thai Mango a really tasty iced drink. The waitress recommended the pork bao which was amazing. I ordered the miso ramen and was so full after everything was amazing place was clean and pretty and the staff was attentive but not annoying ie checking on you every 10 minutes like some restaurants. Will definitely be going back.Coming back and I was extremely happy to see at the bar. I cannot express how awesome she is and I swear she knows me well. The ramen was great but her strawberry mojito is a knock out of the ball great. Heavenly of a drink paired with amazing hazelnut mousse cake!!! I am sold to come back again. Customer service is always on point and Kim is just a delight to talk to as always!!!A nice bowl of hot ramen for dinner is always a good choice. I went to other ramen shops around Philly and always got the miso soup. With this place, I got a large and felt it was a standard size while the regular was pretty tiny. Prices were a bit higher than other shops. The plus is that there is lots of seating and the way they prepare their pork belly was great. Big slice cuts of pork has lots of flavors than thin slices. The broth was good as well as everything in the ramen.The ramen was alright and not as great as the ones in Manhattan, NY.  But food was at least 3 stars and environment was 4 stars.
Unfortunately I just noticed that what I tipped them on my credit card was not what was shown on my statement. They had the guts to add an additional $4 on my card while I have tipped them $5 on a $31 total meal. 
Be careful of your credit card. Therefore they gave themselves a 28% tips.
Am going to see if I can dispute it since it have been a few months.I just came in to try their snow ice, I was very happy with it. I got the matcha snow ice, which comes with azuki bean, condensed milk, grass jelly, strawberries, and fried rice cakes. This place looks very clean and customer service is awesome. I will definitely come back to try different things maybe in a month or two when their credit card machine becomes available.This place is amazing! It's not expensive for great tasting ramen. I been here a few times and have gotten the chicken ramen and the vegetarian ramen. Both were delicious but I preferred the vegetarian one. We also got matcha cake at the end which was the best cake I've ever eaten and bubble teas. I highly recommend this place for anyone !This is another favorite "value meal" place in Center City for me. I've been slowly working my way through the army of restaurants in Chinatown and had my doubts about this new ramen place. I'm so glad  I tried it. The place is charming in an authentic Japanese ramen shop kind of way (I've been to Japan) and all the food presentation was first class. I had the shoyu ramen with chasu pork; it was both pretty to look at and tasty to eat. Our waiter was fantastic. As a bonus, water was served in little chem lab beakers and the check came slipped into a manga comic book. Enjoy a really great meal and service for what you'd spend at a fast food joint. Good job, Yamitsuki!I walked in one day and was falsely accused of not paying a bill that was left by a group of people last week. Apparently, the waitress there mistake we were the group of people that "did not pay" the bill. I was treated as a thief and that really piss me off. This place need a better surveillance system. They can not show proves nor they were sure if it was us. The waitress treated us with a very bad attitude. I will never come back here again. If you need a good ramen place, go to Terakawa. I went here because terakawa was packed. They overcharged and the only ramen that actually taste ok is the Karai. Yamitsuki owes me and apology!I give three star because the service and shaved ice were really good but the ramen was just disappointing. The sliced pork was tough to eat, soup lack of flavor... I am glad we ordered Matcha shaved ice, it was good looking and delicious and it probably would be the only reason I'd come back to this place.My experience at this place was amazing. Went to Philly for a day trip and while walking through Chinatown, saw this place and decided to stop by. The giant Baymax figurine as soon as I entered already showed me that it was gonna be a great time. The staff was amazing, they explained the menu well and when I asked about vegetarian options, they were more than happy to discuss the items on the menu and helped me choose an amazing entree for dinner. I started out with edamame for appetizer, had the spicy soybean past ramen for entree and had the most delicious, decadent yet light matcha mousse cake, one of the best cakes I've ever had. The complete experience here was phenomenal and I would 10/10 recommend to anyone seeking some delicious food in Philly!This place does not disappoint! Their spicy chicken ramen is so delicious I'm willing to sit by myself and enjoy it in peace by the bar :) will be back on my next trip to philly!!Upbeat new ramen restaurant with lots of vegetarian options. I've been here a hand of times and overall the food is inconsistent. Sometimes you'll get ramen with little to no flavor, other times your ramen flavor to the extreme. I've come where my soy sauce flavored ramen was so salty to the point that I couldn't finish it. Other times my ramen was so spicy that it burned my stomach, and ruined the ramen experienced.The waitstaff: inviting. 
The entrees: succulent. 
The cocktails: refreshingly modern. 
The check: encased in a comic book. 
Five stars, all around.Uhm, I have to really come back and try the food again to give this place 4 stars or higher. I only came during soft opening. I wanted chicken but they were out so I ended up with usual pork choice. Ramen was good and I also had the pork bun, which I really like. Service though could be better. My server lady didn't know or couldn't explain to me the differences between the two eggs choice. I was confused myself and wanted to make sure that I got the right egg. I wanted the seasoned egg but ended up with soft boiled, which I was told was poached. Anyhow, love the iron man thing and juice/drink bar area, which I have yet to try. Overall, a nice place, can't complain much. However, we really do not need anymore ramen places in the city or in Chinatown. How about someone open up Korean food instead? We need more of that in Chinatown, because K Town now only do banquets and karaoke parties.The food was good, the ramen had a good flavor, and the teas were delicious and not overly sweet or artificial tasting like many other places. The service was pretty attentive as well. My only complaint is that everything was overpriced, especially the ramen. A $10-11 base price for a regular bowl of ramen is pretty steep, especially when it doesn't even come with the mushroom, bamboo, and egg that it would normally be served with at other ramen houses, for the same price or even cheaper! By the time you add all the additional toppings that it should already come with, you'd be paying $15 for a small bowl of ramen!all my friends rave about how great food is at this place. In the back of my head, Its Ramens people! I could make this stuff at home myself. Im not easily impressed with Restaurant in chinatown Philadelphia. they all taste the same just different chefs.
I came for dinner with a friend, he loves this place. i was greeted and seated really quickly. i was really hungry and impatient so i ordered one item of each entree category, a no soup base cold ramon, hot soup roman and a rice plate. yeah, my eyes are bigger than my tummy. 
food came out at a good timing but my rice was cold coming out of the kitchen. i asked our server for a bowl of hot rice. she said they don't have enough rice. so my request has been denied. she had too spoon my rice and pop it in the microwave. i don't think i like that. Its an Asian food restaurant, how can you run out of rice?!?!? i have never heard of that before. cook some more. its a wrap. I'm done with this establishmentSuper excited to have found this spot last week. The first time having authentic Ramen and been turned on since. Here today with my last few dollars till tomorrow for another bowl of Shoyu Tonkotsu. Very happy in the snow!Great place to spend when rain comes or winter time. Went there with my co-workers on our lunch time. We totally enjoyed it. This place actually bigger than Terakawa Ramen which is a good thing to spend with bunch of people. Totally worth it, really recommended it once you visit philly.so delocate and so authentic ramen place, must try the Karai noodle. The milk tea is also amazing. For apetizer, definitely try the cucumber, tell s you so much about Japanese culture and cuisineI love this place! Service is awesome and their drink selection is great. Definitely try the tonkatsu and the hokkaido milk tea. I highly recommend anything on their cocktail menu which is Naruto themed!Came here to try the ramen since everyone was raving about it. The price was definitely higher than I had expected. If the food was great, the price wouldn't be a big deal to me. But, the food was not, it was mediocre and quite bland. Also, service was not that great.there is amazing place ,after work u can get a drink chat with u friends  enjoy the music ,if u need a quick lunch .u can order  a  shio   japanese ramen and spider bun ,so yummy ......Wonderful Ramen .... tastes very, very close to the authentic ramen items you would get in Japan.  Also, Yamitsuki's shaved ice is very delicious, rarely available in the ramen joints in Japan.  Recommended without reservation by a Japanese guy!!This is the worst Japanese Raman I ever had. It's not a typical Japamese resturant at all. Music is loud, noodles are hard and taste terrible, and the bamboos in the soup even turn rotted and smell like dead meat. Don't go!This place was amazing the first time I was here, but that was shortly after they opened.  The food quality has consistently gone down, especially with the pork belly they use.  The flavor of the soup is not consistent.  Sometimes it's super strong, other times it's weak.  I used to come here every time I was in Philly, but lately, I'd rather go to other places.Staff is what got my rating up to 3 stars. I think the only reason why people love this place is because they love Naruto. Ramen and sushi was mediocre at best.For all the broths being chicken based, I was pleasantly surprised at how rich it was.  Naturally, pork is more fatty and with heavier bones for the stock, but this chicken is able to hold its own.
Got the Spicy Miso and it was indeed pretty spicy and rich.  It was seasoned nicely and not overpowered with just the heat from the peppers.  The noodles have a good bite and the pork and nitamago was cooked perfectly.
The pork was tender and well seasoned and I'm glad it wasn't too salty as it would of made the entire experience overwhelming.  
This is all I can remember as I'm trying to finish this review.  
Okay. Bye-bye.Came here to eat with my friends and the servers/manager ganged up on us, saying we were drunk and ate without paying last weekend. I was not even there last weekend!! One friend was there but didn't even drink that night. Overall, IDGAF if one friend was there -- they accused our entire party and was adamant that I was there. That just tells you how petty this establishment is & how quick they're to shift blame without solid facts. Never in my life have I've ever done some petty eat and run type sht. Will NEVER step foot in this place again and absolutely will not recommend you do eitherJust had an amazing meal of ramen and cocktails tonight. Kim who made my drink and took my order at the bar was great! Served my lemon drop with love! She is super sweet and great to talk too!! She made the best Lychee drink ever!!! Sooo good! I will definitely come here to see Kim again! Best service ever!!I'd rate this place 3.5 stars overall. They have just opened and are probably still troubleshooting, so I am rounding up my rating to give them the benefit of the doubt. Although it seems some reviewers have had service issues, my experience was pretty smooth. The servers may not have seemed very experienced, but they were friendly, checked in often, and got me what I needed pretty efficiently. They also told me ahead of time that they are only taking cash payments right now. 
Food-wise, I had the chicken bun appetizer and a bowl of shoyu ramen. The ramen was good. I felt the broth was pretty flavorful (if not a bit salty) and a bit lighter than typical pork broth that comes with ramen. The noodles were fine, and so were the rest of the toppings. However, note that some ramen toppings like kikurage mushrooms and menma (marinated bamboo shoots), which are typically included at other ramen places, are not included here and would need to be added for $1. For the price, the portion size is a bit smaller than other ramen places in Philly, though I definitely felt full after eating the appetizer and the ramen bowl. I would skip the chicken buns next time because both chicken and shells were on the dry side (as if they weren't fresh), and the toppings were not the best I've had. 
The interior design is great, though, and they have some interesting milk tea options not found at other ramen places in town. Also, I thought it was cool that they served water in a beaker. I've always wanted to do that myself at home. Overall, I would probably return for a quick bowl of ramen if I'm in the neighborhood. It's not the best, nor best-valued, ramen I've had, but it will do the job.I love ramen and walking around Chinatown and randomly finding a new ramen restaurant is the happiest thing that could ever happen to me. My friend and I weren't even hungry but we had to try it so we split chicken ramen together. It was very very tasty and let me tell you, I cannot wait to go back and try more, finally another good ramen restaurant in my favorite Chinatown.Best Ramen hands down, the service was amazing ! I go here for lunch and I get the vegan ramen. The service at night gets even better. We had Ramen, Crab roll, and the spicy crunchy shrimp. And Jasmine tea loved everything.Great lunch place with good food. I have no idea why they got rid of their lunch special menu though, might have to reevaluate coming as often as I do until they bring it back.Disclaimer: lived in Japan 
Rating based off spicy pork ramen
Not far off from top ramen with Sriracha for spice. The egg was half an egg with a cold yolk... not sure how much money they are saving there, but definitely not making the meal any better. The broth was suppose to be creamy but legit was the consistency of cup-o-noodles. For 11$ it's not worth it. My brother and his husband had two other ramen soups and we all left disappointed.  I'm just being honest. The waitress got a good tip for keeping the waters full. Will not be coming back.Was here during their soft opening during the summer and came again yesterday. My boyfriend and I also came here multiple times during the summer to sit at the tea bar and enjoy their milk teas. I recommend the Jasmine Milk Tea and the Rose one... ugh, so good!
This time we decided to try the ramen again and split a large bowl of spicy currai (?) ramen with pork, along with some pork buns. I'm not used to egg noodles but damn, I really enjoyed the ramen! The meat was alright and the broth was pretty tasty. 
I recommend that you ALWAYS, ALWAYS get the pork buns... too savory to miss out on!Great ramen (with vegetarian options!) and sushi with great service! This restaurant is definitely a date night staple for me and the beau.We are vegetarians and found the food delicious. Eggplant buns and curry ramens were my favorites.My wife and I love me the meal. Sushi order was quick and fresh. The ramen was great. Big plus is the service staff is too notch and the place a super clean. Which can't be said for most of places in Chinatown-Philly.Nothing special about this place it's honestly the same as nom nom ramen which is a down grade from terakawa. Terakawa is hands down the best ramen spot in philly. Don't expect anything amazing, it's just expensive ramen for something that's not the best. Get your money worth at terakawa; you can't beat 7$ bowls compared to 12$ here and nom nomAn acquired taste the ramen soup had fermented mushrooms the smell was aweful but the chicken chasu sandwiches were half decent.  I would not recommend this place it's kind of pricy though the Sevice was good the manager Eddie was stand offish at the onset. 
Edgar and Lily Dec 2017Yamitsuki is okay. Nothing I ate here was bad, but also nothing was amazing. 
My brother and I came here because he'd never had ramen before. We tried going to Terakawa, but the wait was a little too long so I found Yamitsuki on Yelp. Luckily for us, there was no wait here on a weekday evening. We got seated quickly in a large booth in the back of the restaurant, and were handed water in beakers (which honestly was pretty cool). 
After perusing the menu, we ended up ordering the pork bao buns and some shoyu ramen. The buns were good -- soft and flavorful. The ramen could use some improvement. The broth wasn't as flavorful as I expected it to be, which is sad because ramen is all about the broth. 
Overall, I was underwhelmed. Yamitsuki does have the cool factor; the decor is cool, and they have little quirks such as handing out the checkbook in a Naruto manga. But because of the food, I'm unsure if I'll ever return.ABSOLUTELY AWFUL!! Rude, small portions, flavor in ramen broth was extremely underdeveloped. Stop with the shortcuts!!Great place to get Chinatown experience in Philly!  Enjoy the friendship gate, the local sites and business of Chinatown and then stop in at Yamitsuki for Ramen, Sushi, Eggplant buns, Tonkotsu, Green Tea w/ Jasmine, Bubble Tea, etc.  Everything we had was so good--service, quick, efficient and my kids loved the mural inside, thumbing the comic book, etc.  We loved tasting our way thru Yamitsuki Ramen!We tried this place out because of 1.The Naruto theme drinks and because they offer a few different types of Ramen like shoyu and shia(sp). Everything was delicious including the tea(and sushi)! We had a fried shrimp appetizer which was very good but a bit expensive for 4-5 pieces of shrimp. I enjoyed the atmosphere and will definitely returns.Loved it here! Naruto themed teas on the menu, lots of drink options, and great atmosphere. Good service, and reasonable price. $10-15 per meal, and timely too!Very open compared to Terakawa my other Ramen haunt. The ambience is great. Great broth and noodles. Disappointed that eggs and stuff cost extra in my ramen.Very good dining experience! Our family might jump ship from Terakawa. I had miso tonkatsu and it was really good. Pork was very flavorful and definitely must try. We were hesitant from coming in but so glad we did. Staff was friendly and chicken katsu portion was incredible.The two stars rating is for a poor interaction with staff. I realized I left my credit card in one of their Naruto comic books that they delivered the bill in. I called to ask if they could check for my credit card and he said "We are closing soon. Call back tomorrow. Nothing here". There was no "hang on let me check". He just blew me off. Cancelling a credit card is a hassle e.g. waiting for a new card, changing linked accounts, etc. No sane person would wait until the next day to call back and allow fraudulent charges to rack up. So credit card cancelled and definitely will not be coming back to this place and will not be recommending it to anyone. 
Food was subpar. The pork charsu was dry with firm fat. Waitress tried to upsell the toppings. Base price is too high for a place with add-ons. Not worth coming back.The most memorable dish I had was the shaved ice cream dessert. The ramen, spider buns, and sushi was all very mediocre. The drink menu was extensive however.Great service and good food. I had the rice platter that consisted of fried pounded chicken breast (ps I didn't know what it is called) and side of the sauce and salad. The meal was great I enjoyed it. The pork bun was okay I guess. The pork had that porky flavor and smell to it which is good but to my tasting I find that off putting it kills the sauce. The water cup was rather interesting. It was a beaker that you would find in a lab or some sort. Don't know why they added but in my personal opinion I don't like that idea. Overall 4/5 stars.Came here for an early dinner with my family. Service was prompt, food arrived quickly and was very delicious! Their signature stuff is obviously ramen and the pork ramen is amazing. Rich broth, excellent noodles and great toppings. They also have a great tea selection. Dessert was a snow ice - green tea flavored ice with strawberries, deep fried mochi and red bean.
The noise level wasn't too bad, with pop music playing at a reasonable level. Lighting was bright enough to read the menu but was still more of a warm glow.
Definitely recommend it for a group of friends or family!King crab roll was wonderful. Warning if you pick the Mai Tai, they are tasty and strong. Keep us the good work YR!!! The menu was easy to read, and YES.... they have pics on them. A big plus!This is an updated review...
The snow ice is sooo good!  Sometimes they have different flavors, but the light fluffiness of the ice is so heavenly, I could eat one everyday! 
I also tried the pork belly don- its like a meal I would eat at home...i added a poached egg on top to make the pork and rice creamy.Where to ramen or where not to ramen, that is the question. Well obviously- ramen is the way to go, but in my opinion, this is 3rd place so far. Don't get me wrong, it's still good, but my #1 is Terakawa and #2 goes to @Ramen. I ordered the curry broth which was good, Jen ordered the first Tonkatau broth which was okay... but overall the broths at my top 2 are just better. That, and at Terakawa you get more food- more pork, mushrooms and bamboo shoots, a season egg (without having to pay extra for them) etc.  still a good option but it would be my plan BThis place is amazing ! The atmosphere is by far my favorite, I always eat here when I'm in China town. The food is delicious & my favorite ramen spot! The workers are super nice and the whole staff greets you, their Sakura tea is amazing too. Highly recommend!Dropped by with a friend to get dinner before a concert at the Troc.
I got the pork belly buns and Maruto drink. I think I went to food heaven. The buns were so soft, like a baby's bum (that's weird)! They were a little leaky and messy, but they were to die for. The Maruto drink was jasmine tea mixed with OJ, and it was lightly sweetened, honestly perfect. My friend got the Shoyu (I think?) ramen and really enjoyed it. 
Service was wicked fast. We were in and out in 30 minutes. Also the check was served in a Naruto comic book (hehe). Employees were kind and helpful! TIP: the bathrooms are single use, so don't get confused when you see all the anime characters on the doors, they do not indicate any specific gender.Nice ramen restaurant just around the corner from the Reading Terminal. The ramen broth was tasty but I wasn't too happy with the sushi; the vegetarian rolls still smelled and tasted of fish and the tempura of the tempura shrimp rolls, was not cooked.  Our waiter wasn't too personable and did not provide much direction when we ordered.Was looking for a quick meal to take in the rails home.  Reading Terminal was closed. Walked a block and change and saw a ramen sign and I perked up.
First time at Yamitsukui. Was rushed to make the train, engaged the guy up front and asked top Ramen and could I add more pork meat and poached egg.  He gave me three options and said yes to my requests.
Ordered Shoyu and added extra pork meat (pork clashing) and poached egg (oxen tamagotchi).  
Packed just how i like, contents in one container and broth in another, chop sticks and a spoon.  
Very nice flavor.  Easy in the stomach and warming.
Train conductor walked by and said he smelled it and asked where I got it.
May become my go to for those late nights in the office.  Ramen is like food for the soul.I was a little disappointed when I came here because their prices are a little steeper than I expected for the amount and quality I expected. What drew me here was their Naruto decor and check holders and their sushi was very very good but I doubt I'll be coming back. Their tea was served in a very cute manner though so at least there's that. To sum it up, I was underwhelmedThe hot matcha tea and salmon/avocado roll were perfect.Came here for a milk tea. The place is huuuge and I will have to come back next time to try their ramen. When you first come in there is a giant iron man in a window display which is pretty cool.
I ordered a jasmine milk tea with boba. With real brewed tea! The milk tea was delicious. Tea flavors were awesome. I should have asked if I could have gotten it with less sweetener but that was my bad. Also the boba are the smaller ones but I didn't mind. They were nice and soft.
My friend had a mango smoothie that she really enjoyed. 
I love how the place looks clean and has this Japanese feel to it. Would most definitely come back to get more boba and try the ramen! 
Bonus: the bill came in a naruto manga which was fun.Got the pork broth ramen. Excellent taste and portion size. Nana was our server and did a great jobWhat a delightful find in Philly's China Town. We were looking for some RAMEN Soup and we all enjoyed our selections I had the Vegetarian Ramen with the wasabi broth and truly enjoyed it. The NARUTO 
Fresh squeezed orange juice in jasmine tea was refreshing and the best part was that is was the Fri night special, $2. WOW!
The best part of the evening was our lovely waitress Jaime! She was so attentive to our table and just a sweetheart! The owner came twice to fill out water beakers. We wish you the best in your venture! You are on the right track with excellence in service and flavors!Service was nice and design was very pleasant however foods was so so. The seasoning was too strong. Its new so there's room for improvement. owner very nice and gave me something to replace my meal as he can tell I was not too happy with it.I want to make this review quick as possible since there really isn't much to say.
Disappointed that they only took cash but, whatever.
The ramen was alright. I wouldn't say it was the best. The noodles seemed like you would get in the 'ready to make' package. The 'seasoned' egg I got with my shoyu ramen didn't really taste seasoned. It's honestly just a soft boiled egg. However, I had their spider buns (soft shell crab in a pancake, served like Peking duck buns), and it was delicious. Not a lot of places in China town serve soft shell crab so I was really surprised that they had it.
The bubble tea is average and the bill is in Manga book....
Imagine something spilling in there, then what haha. I liked the out of the box thinking but honestly, it's just kind of weird.Insanely-delicious food and drink in an ultra-modern Asian atmosphere. Pork belly Ramen is no joke. So tender, I don't see how the pig could stand up. Great service, cool cool vibe. They could charge more with no problems.My SO and I were in the mood for ramen so we decided to check out this place. A new addition to Chinatown, Yamitsuki Ramen has a  modern vibe with a Naruto theme. If you are a fan of Naruto, you will certainly enjoy this place. Located on Arch st, you will not miss this place because there is a giant robot in front of the store! 
The service was pretty good. The servers greeted us right away and took us to our seats. They were very attentive with filling our water and checking on us often to make sure our needs were met. 
Yamitsuki has a decent selection of ramen, appetizers, and drinks. The ramen broth is flavorful and the decoration is very appealing. We also got the pork bun which I love! However, it is a bit pricey: $6 for two pork buns. The buns were a bit soggy too but I love the seasoning, kind of remind you of peking duck.
For the drink, we decided to get the Naruto since it was $2 that day. I was not impressed with it because it remindes me a lot of Mr. Wish's Orange Tea. 
The whole place is very clean (the bathroom too). 
Overall, I would not go here that often because I have had better ramen at a decent prices elsewhere.Went on a Friday night, this had been on the list for a while. We were seated quickly and they did the whole "restaurant shouts a greeting at new customers" thing.
Ordered the pork bao buns, curry ramen, and the shoyu ramen as well as the watermelon smoothie and mango thai tea. 
The pork bao buns were pretty solid, the buns weren't as soft as I expected them to be but still delicious. Interesting, they used the cut of pork that I traditionally expect for ramen bowls in the buns. 
The ramen bowls themselves had a very different type of meat. When I see pork chashu on the menu, I expect it to be a thick slice of stacked meat-fat that falls apart and melts in your mouth. The pork chashu here is very different, it looks more like something you see in barbecue. The fat is a film over the meat and you really have to rip into it to get a bite. 
The curry ramen was also disappointing. It tasted like they just added Japanese curry powder to the broth. I would instead highly recommend CheU's curry ramen which has a more diversified flavor and isn't as exhausting/tiring to eat. I got bored of my dish halfway through. 
The watermelon smoothie was delicious, it tasted very fresh and not too syrupy or artificial. They provide you with small beakers for water. I probably got 6 refills throughout dinner. They have filtered water which is great! 
It made for a decent night out but I wouldn't be interested in returning.My one star is for the attempt at cleverness and fun with the decor and Naruto delivery of the check. We popped in after a yummy stop at Tom's Dim Sum, hoping to continue the deliciousness. Sadly, we were disappointed. Glad we did not order multiple items right away. The pork belly buns were one of the worst dishes we have ever had. From the bun, to the pork, to the mayo, it had no flavor or texture. We actually left one on the plate. We never leave food on a plate. My matcha bowl was nothing special. Were hoping to try the ramen, but were so unimpressed we left.We enjoyed ramen here last night and it was yummy. The service was a little slow but the wait staff was very kind and the food was great. We will definitely be returning.Friendly people inside. I always wanted to try fancy ramen and this place did not disappoint. Lots of ideas for new ingredients to throw in. Also, try the milk tea!Lunch at Chinatown's newest Ramen restaurant. When we went there, they still had the soft opening. Therefore, they accepted cash only and you get your first topping free. Great food and friendly service. Ramen was tasteful. The Pork Buns were ok. We definitely want to come back to try other items on the menu.I saw lots of reviews saying Terakawa was better but I disagree. This place is great. I travel often and I make it a point to hit the local ramen spots. I'd put this in my top five.Yamitsuki ramen is just okay. I've t better.
We tried out the soy sauce and curry based ramen bowls - both with pork.
I didn't think the broth was well developed. We added a egg, which was cold. We also added seasonal veggies, which was just a bit of cabbage. The ramen itself was okay.
Service was mediocre, though the ramen came out pretty quickly.
Decent ramen, but there is better ramen in the area.Stopped for a quick bite, I was not disappointed.
The steamed buns were excellent, lots of meat,only complaint here was the cabbage was the size of a small plate, trim it down please! The spicy miso soup was just spicy enough, noodles and meat with soft boiled egg, delicious.The service was quick but not intrusive. Hope this new place has a solid future.Very cute place! My party of three was seated immediately on a Friday night. Our waitress was very attentive, and also kind and patient, letting us know she'd be happy to answer any questions. It was my first time having ramen so I didn't really know what to order, but a friend helped me out. We split an order of Chicken Buns and I ordered the Curry Tonkotsu pork ramen. Just a regular size was plenty for me, and it was delicious! I don't have much to compare it to as it was my first time having REAL ramen, but I'd come back for sure.Delicious Raman and sushi! I had a spicy Raman with an extra egg. The noodles were springy and delicious. It was full of vegetables and really was a great mixture. I highly recommend the bbq pork bun.Stumbled upon this hidden gem. The decors are spot on and very cozy. I ordered the pork belly bun and spicy ramen and they both did not disappoint. The pork was super tender and flavorful. Lastly, our check was tucked inside a Naruto comic book and water was served on a beaker. I'll definitely be back for some desserts and we didn't have room.Nice relaxed atmosphere, good service. We came in on a lazy weekend afternoon and have no trouble parking right outside. The Iron Man 'homemade' replica statue at the store front is a unique window dressing, despite perhaps begs the question "why?", it's a nice decor and conversation starter anyway. The few ramens we tried are an instant hit, with really yummy broth.
Don't miss the marvelous taro shaved ice, it's a good closing to an otherwise simmering summer day. Will definitely try this and other flavors again. And oh, nice touch on using lab jars as drink glasses!I ordered Yuzu Shio - Yadira Ramen Noodle Soup - It is vegetarian with lots of variety and flavor and also I ordered vegetarian Sushi called  Umeshisho Makiwich which has plum paste, cucumber, perilla. They were both very good and I would return here again as soon as I have an opportunity cause the service was great as well! I enjoyed Lemon Ginger Tea for desert and it did not need any sweetener and I found it relaxing. Quite reasonable as well tipped 20% and it only came to less than $25 which I round off when the service is great! Very happy I came here so I highly recommend this place. This was my lunch excursion across the street from the "Philadelphia Flower Show" about a block away!I decided to give this place a try after reading some yelp reviews. Sadly , I was disappointed. I ordered edamame and miso ramen. The ramen broth had a very weird taste to it and way too much black pepper. I tried my best to finish as much as a could. Although the edamame and service was good, I'm giving this place 3 stars .I was visiting and my uncle wanted to take me to a ramen noodle house so he took me here. I loved the ramen here it was great! I wish I can come here more often!!I thought from the reviews, this ramen was going to be amazing. It turned out to be subpar, with all the ingredients there but not satisfying the taste buds. I had the miso pork charsu ramen. I couldn't taste the miso, the broth lacked depth and flavor,  and the noodles were way too stringy without bounce. It felt like I was eating thin, flat pieces of dough. The charsu was really good, the only amount of flavor I was getting from the ramen but the egg wasn't that good because they boiled it for too long. I gave it three stars because the portions were generous, the service was very good, and the place was comfortable and clean. We ordered sushi as well to try, and I think if we ever came here again, we would only order the rolls as that tasted way better than the ramen.Love the atmosphere and interior design so much, definitely gives off the Japanese Ramen Bar vibe well. There is a bubble tea bar area at the front if you'd like to just order their very refreshing drinks. If you are eating food then there are a few sections with table seating as well as a noodle bar area if you're alone or with another person. There is also an even bigger area in the far back for really big parties. We had the Crispy Shrimp dish as a starter, it's a good appetizer for one or two. The ramen was delicious, I tried the Miso Spicy Ramen for my first time and then just the Miso the second and I loved both. I also like how they have a vegetarian option for the ramen. I ended with the Mango Snow Ice as dessert and it was definitely my favorite part! Oh and FYI, this is only the soft opening! Can't wait for when they actually open.First time here since they open up a few months ago. Love the Hulk Buster Suit!!! Nice trendy place. Great drinks and simple menu. They're also know for their snow ice. Ramen is nice and the apps ok. Price is a little high. $10 to $11 on regular size and $13 to $14 for the large. The location is not hard to find but hard to find street parking. There's parking lots but it's not worth it unless you're staying around long than 4 to 5 hours.I wish I could say I had a great experience at Yamitsuki. As much great reviews this spot has, I cannot follow up with the hype. A friend and I came in when business was slow (we were the only ones there). First impression was that the atmosphere was quite impressive, resembling Japanese culture. We ordered edamame as our appetizer and the miso ramen. Service was quick and our waitress was well communicative and informative. It all seemed to be going smooth sailing, until we took a bite out of our ramen. It tasted extremely "off", from the broth to the char chiu (pork). We honestly called it quits after a few bites; which is disappointing because we had high hopes and were really hungry. We did not pack it up. However, it would be unfair of me to give this business an entirely poor review because we only had 2 items from the menu. I believe it would be fair of me to give this business 3 stars for nice presentation and service.With it's chill vibe and giant Ironman suit in the front, it's pretty hard to ignore this place :) They specialize in chicken-based ramen, a change from the traditional pork-based recipes, though pork can be added. That said, their ramen was very good and hearty, especially with the soft-boiled egg add-on (free for a limited time). Also got the chicken gizzards/hearts on the side which were good, though wish there was a little more spice seasoning used. Service was fantastic and friendly, and they use a Naruto manga book for the checkbook which was pretty nifty. Green tea snow ice was delicious as well, with mochi pieces, red bean and grass jelly.Really would give a 3.5 stars. My friend and I went to Yamitsuki on a Saturday night when our go-to ramen spot had a hefty wait. We both ordered the karai yasai ramen and ordered tempura shumai. The bowl was large and very pretty, but the flavor did not match up to the aesthetics, not to mention that it was pricier than our go to. I was expecting a different type of noodle, not sure if this is their standard noodle. The tempura shumai was quite delicious though! This is definitely a good backup. Definitely will try one of the pork ramens next timeThe ramen was al dente, the pork tender, and the curry broth flavorful. Everything about the ramen was solid, but not extraordinary. The eggplant bun was not good- it tasted and smelled like overused frying oil and it was bland. The service was great- they were friendly and attentive. They even gave us free spicy paste!Staff are friendly. I ordered spicy pork ramen and it was great! Not too salty like other places and not too spicy. They open on Thanksgiving !!!!! Love this placeThe two stars are for its service and nice ambience. Friendly staff and stylish deco, but the ramen was soooo salty, tasted like instant noodle. If you are looking for really Japanese ramen, this is the wrong place to go. If you are looking for friends hanging out or a date night, doesn't hurt to give it a try. Won't go back!I have had lunch here a few times and it has always been great.  To day is no exception. I'm writing this review because of the chefs great attitude and perfection.  I ordered the cucumber salad and he would not serve it to me. He said it was not good enough to serve.   
This place great and they respect their customers.This was my first time at Yamitsuki, I'm usually a regular at Terakawa. 
I'm really glad I came to try this spot. Something I really loved and appreciated was their delicious shio chicken ramen. Their CHICKEN ramen is the best I've had in Philly, hands down. The reason is their chicken is insanelyyyyy mouth wateringly good. It is so soft, melt in your mouth never dry. I don't know how they do it, but I swear you gotta braise that stuff for hours to get such soft delectable chicken like that.
The broth itself is interesting, not in a bad way but in a different way. There was a taste I couldn't put my finger on, but i wonder if it was the japanese seasalt  or the yuzukosho I think it could be that. The small is more than enough to fill you, even if you're hungry in my opinion which runs you $10 before tip.
Service was nice and attentive, and the restaurant itself is very clean. I wouldn't hesitate to come backAside from the tasty ramen I was really happy to have some vegetarian options - it's usually only pork. The service was great and I definitely liked the atmosphere.Finally, a hip, fun and most importantly, very delicious ramen place is in Philadelphia! My 10 year old son and I believe this is the best ramen we have tasted on the east coast. The chicken cutlets are made from juicy dark meat and the ramen soup is thick but not overly salty. I would recommend the true ramen diehards to give this a try and feel they may have found their home.Yamitskui feels like home. The barista Wei was ecstatic about his job as well as the other waitresses. We were welcomed as soon as we walked in and was able to sit at the bar immediately. My boyfriend and I decided to get the mango smoothie after the barista complimented that drink highly. That smoothie was freshly made with ripe mangos and tea. Then we decided to get the matcha mousse cake and it was to die for. Nothing I have ever tried was comparable. The staff here is amazing and the prices are affordable. When in China Town this should be prioritized during your stay!I have to say that this place has been the best ramen place that I've had the pleasure of visiting. The decor, the lighting, the laid back music, the food, the AMAZING staff, the drinks, the prices, the Naruto comic book they used to hold the check.. EVERYTHING. My best friend and I came here after work and the service was impeccable. I wish I had found this place sooner. If you're looking for an amazing place to eat, THIS is the place to go to.The first time try ramen with chicken soup & vegetarian soup. 
And I love it.
I order Wasabi Shoyu Ramen to go and it was delicious! It's vegetarian so you won't see any meat here, so I added chicken (and it was so good) and free egg. I open the container before I left home then I found they forget put the egg. Then I ask them and they gave me 2 eggs!! Terakawa's egg is better than this but vegetarian ramen is worth a try. A lot of veggies and they put some kind of dressing on the top. 
Then next visit I try Shio Ramen. I like the soup & the noodle. This time I added with pork, not bad but the chicken was better. 
And I also try the Tokusen Tori Naizou, love the dipping sauce!! If you like chicken gizzard you can try this. The waiter was asking me "are you sure you want this?" I said yes. 
But the problem is that's on only chicken gizzards :( when you see "chicken organs" on the menu that really chicken organs. The other organs is either chicken liver or heart whatever which is I don't like it. 
The Hokkaido Milk Tea was good, the bubble was good too. 
The receipt come inside the Naruto Manga. Looks cool! Maybe you can read it too if you can read Japanese lol.Fantastic!  We were staying at the Hilton Garden and wandered over last weekend.  Great cocktails to begin.  My friend ordered the tempura chicken cutlets (came with slightly spicy beans, salad and rice) and he devoured it.  I had the pork ramen, which was delicious.  Also ordered a rice pork bowl (which we thought would be an app size but it was more like an entrée).  Everything was perfection and the service was fine.  Only disappointment was that they were out of the snow ice dessert, but that's a good enough reason to go back. I highly recommend Yamitsuki if you are in Philly!I've been here twice, and both times have been extremely pleasant. The staff are always nice. The ramen is so good too, the portions are perfect. I really recommend getting the fire bomb to put in your soup if you like an extra kick of spicyness. They have special drinks that are discounted, and I haven't drank one I didn't like. Not to forget, the restaurant is extremely well decorated, and the water is served in beakers, which I thought was a nice touch. Highly recommend the green tea shaved ice to share with the table for dessert. It won't disappoint.Not great ramen. I had a eel roll which was ok. And I got the karai ramen. The ramen was not great. Noodles were a bit hard. The pork was a bit dry. When I get chashu i expect it to be soft and fatty and rich. It was dry and hard and lacked any real fat. The tea was nice and the service was good, but I wouldn't go backStopped here for a late dinner a few weeks ago.  The decor is nice, but that's about it.  Ramen was very flat tasting.  No depth, no flavor.  Server seemed a little frazzled, and the bartender and server didn't know if they offered any unfiltered sake. Definitely would seek out a different place for ramen in Philly.I'm sure I speak for many people, who are regulars in Chinatown, when I say I wanted to try this place the minute it was being built.
Went here with my fiancée and we both ordered the shoyu ramen. It was good, and I hate to compare, but it wasn't Terakawa good. However, they have Terakawa beat when it comes to seating! Now we'll see if they'll have lines our the door too. I got a free side of the fire bomb (for their grand opening) and I was GLAD it was on the side. That thing was spicy!! We ordered black bubble milk tea and it was good. We downed it in a matter of minutes. We realized shortly after that this restaurant is owned by the same people from Teado from a Naruto mural nearby. (Hence, the Teado workers up front!) But the best thing we had was their delicious soft shell crab buns!! Everything about the crab buns were fantastic.
The décor was nice and modern and there was plenty of seating space. However, my only complaint is that our waiter asked had such little to do that they came up to our table every few minutes and asked us how the food was before we could have a chance to taste it. Also, I understand the Naruto theme to some extent, but the manga book is only slightly cheesy. But you be you, Yamitsuki. Be as cheesy as you can be.
Overall, pretty average. Might come back, but not the first thing on our list.The ramen was good I went with my girlfriend while visiting philly and we both got ramen obviously she ordered a chicken broth and i ordered a pork broth with curry. We also ordered two strawberry smoothies it was more like a slushy than a smoothie... the water is served in cute beakers.. yes science beakers... and our check came in a naruto comic book we thought this was very cute... it would have been perfect if I didn't get food poisoning... I threw up an hour after eating.. and had diarrhea 5 hours after eating... :( :( :(.... btw i'm pretty sure it was the meat my girlfriend didn't eat the meat and I did also there were flys flying around my food so maybe I swallowed some of them...Wonderful, affordable ramen! Great service. I wish I lived nearer. Looks like they give you free birthday ramen, too!The ramen was decent but I've had better. The portions were small, and I felt the ramen was overpriced. The milk tea and smoothie were good, but also kind of pricey. I might come back if I'm in philly but this wouldn't be my first choice.Brought a party of nine with four of them kids. They were super accommodating and made it fun for our family. 
The not so subtle Naruto inspired drinks and decor was also a nice find. My daughters love that manga!
Ramen was good. Had the curry vegetarian ramen and my wife had the miso. 
All in all I'd totally go again and would recommend it to friends!Great service and the food was amazing! I really like the ramen and the taro shaved ice!Went here on a Thursday night with my boyfriend and loved everything about this place. Service was great, our waitress was very friendly and attentive. Food came out not too long after we ordered. For appetizer, I asked the waitress for dumplings and she recommended the Tempura Shumi as an alternative which was amazing; a garlicky/soy taste. The ramen was perfect, I had the Karai Ramen and my boyfriend the Spicy shio tori, both with chicken. The Matcha bubble tea was delicious also! I would rate 5 stars if it wasn't for limited seating, but overall I would for sure visit Yamitsuki again.This is literally the worst ramen bar I have ever been to. The noodles are not completely cooked and are sticky. The sushi doesn't have enough sauce on it. The soy sauce was too salty that I couldn't have it at all. The matcha milk tea was SO average, you can get a way better one with the same price in bubble tea or Kungfu tea. All in all, if you want some decent Japanese ramen, go to Nom Nom Ramen; if you want sushi, go to bleu sushi or whatever. This is a pass for me.I haven't been here for a while, but the quality of the meat and cut was awful.  I asked the waitress whether they changed chefs and her response was the soup chef is the same but the meat chef is different. The chicken and pork was not as tender as before. There was a lot of fat on the pieces they served. It did not look like the chicken was clean thoroughly before cooking and the pork was chewy and tasted like a cheaper version then what they originally served. Maybe people like their meat that way but I don't. If you cook or know anything about cooking, you don't serve meat a certain way. The meat was not filet or slice nicely. When I told the waitress all she said was I will let them know. 
More than half our ramen was left in the bowl (including noodle and meats). Being in the Resturant business, you should see that your customer did not enjoy your food. I have a big appetite and I always finished my food but today I could not. We paid our bill and left. I felt gross out finishing my food. They will not have a returning customer. I was looking forward to my ramen night, too :(A cute, modern joint. I believe this spot recently opened, and my friend who visited Philadelphia suggested we check it out. There are some things which will be improved over time, otherwise, it was nice. Cute decor with the manga/anime references. My boyfriend liked the broth from this place, but the ramen I had was a bit on the bland side. The ramen and ingredients came in a good proportion, however, I didn't really like the charsiu here. It was fair, but not the best. The seasoned egg was great. I did enjoy their drinks. Adorable when they brought the check out in a manga. It's a good concept, and they should keep at it. The service was good cuz the waiter came to check on us often; very attentive.
I'd give this place another try in the future. Can't wait to see how this place will develop by the time I return to Philly.Pro: I enjoyed the general design of the space, though the large Iron Man in the foyer was a bit of a head scratcher. It's larger than it appears from the street.
Con: The pork was tough, perhaps because it was cut so thick, and difficult to navigate in both the soup and bun context.
Pro: The buns were pretty good! Good flavor and the fried eggplant had a nice juxtaposition of crunch and chewy. The sushi was not bad, either, though I was surprised that it was warm--apparently the special roll we ordered was wholly fried.
Con: A bit pricey for the ramen, which, like Nom Nom's, was served lukewarm rather than piping hot. (So lukewarm that the poached egg in my ramen simply leached yolk into my ramen without slightly cooking and binding to the noodles, etc.) In fact, it may've been a bit more than Nom Nom's, which we "excuse" for its prices due to its central location.
Pro: Staff was generally friendly (e.g., allowed us to switch from the high-top table to the regular table toward the kitchen), though a bit disorganized (e.g., the reservation I made on OpenTable.com was not located or marked as fulfilled).
Overall, would definitely go the extra block to Terakawa for my ramen fix. Another time, perhaps, I'll try Yamitsuki's bubble tea, as that operation looked pretty mechanical.This place is dope. Food is good, price is right, and they have a whole lot of teas that are (in my humble opinion) delicious. Our server was chill, and spoke to us like we were friends, which i personally like. But if you're used to servers acting scripted and professional, it might be a little different.
I got spicy chicken ramen, would was real good. And I'd definitely recommend it if you're having trouble with your sinuses, because boy, that stuff will clear you out pretty quick. But if you're not a fan of spicy, or only like a little spice, heed this warning! I haven't gotten the chance to try their sushi yet, but that is definitely on my list for next time.
Also, they have a giant iron man statue and the whole place seems to be Naruto themed?? Inner 14 year old me was squealing with delight, but regular 25 year old me played it cool. Yeah, I'm cool.
Just a solid place overall. Would recommend.I think if Yamitsuki could tweak a few things, it could compete with the other ramen and more modern Asian spots. As of now, I probably wouldn't come back, just because many other places in Chinatown offer similar menus at a higher quality. 
Firstly, the ramen I ordered had cold toppings--the hard boiled egg, the bamboo shoots, and even the pork was lukewarm at best. It was decent ramen, but definitely could have been improved greatly by hearing it up. 
The parts of Yamitsuki I liked were the matcha "snow" and decor. The snow was a shaved ice-type dessert with slices of strawberry, condensed milk, and fried mochi balls. The texture was fluffy yet creamy, instead of a water-based bingsoo. I haven't seen this in any other parts of Chinatown. 
I appreciate the naruto-themed decor, from the restaurant curtains to the volumes of manga that double as receipt-holders. Definitely a cute touch. 
Overall, I wouldn't come here again unless I had a craving for dairy-style shaved ice.First ramen noodle experience for us! The waitress was very helpful in deciphering the menu and pointed us in the right direction. We order the chicken and pork ramen. Great combo to share for each has its own unique tastes. Cocktails were good if you're into funky things. 3 adult beverages, two regular bowls, and tip for $50 bucks! Tap Beer could have been better (warm and foamy) but overall great experience. Ramen all the way!This place is incredible! Their tea is out of this world. I had the miso yasai which I thought was light and flavorful. The noodles were cooked to perfection and they absorbed the rich flavor of the broth. My boyfriend had the karai yasai, and he said it was very spicy and cleansing. He could not stop talking about how good it was, so we had to go back the next day! The staff were very respectful and attentive. I highly recommend this place if you are looking for a good quality, authentic meal.Yummy bubble teas but terrible service. We've been here a couple of times for the bubble teas, and it always seems like the multiple servers are too busy to offer us a menu, or options, or simply to give us the time of day.
We've had to wait for at least 15 mins on an average to get served. After a point, the quality bubble tea won't be enough for customers to keep going back.Nice decors and atmosphere. Cute little details about this place stands out from other ramen places. The ramen was good. I really like the broth that I got and the pork (I thought 3 slices of pork would be better, but they only gave 2 lol) I also ordered the pork buns and the sauce was everything. Sweet, tangy, and a little bit spicy. Yumm. 
I have had better ramen but this place is good as well.1st time here.  Walked in Ironman is pretty cool!  The tea/bar section is located once you walk in.  It wasn't really busy so we got seated instantly.  Menu is kinda small and it was a piece of nice hard paper with some water/drink stains (if they were laminated I would been ok with it)  I just felt like the place has an identity crisis... is it a tea/bar where you can hang out?  Or is it a Japanese Ramen place?  Is the theme Marvel comics or is it Manga?  (They put your receipt in a Manga book)  open kitchen is very underwhelming...and when they wash the floor in the kitchen the water comes right into the dining area.  Food was ok, nothing to rave about.  No harm towards this place.Amazing buns and delicious Ramen! I have been here twice and the first time was by accident. So glad I decided to stop in. The pork belly buns start off what is a delightful beginning to an explosion of tastes. A must try...I love this place but the last time I went at the beginning of 2018 it was cash only. Service is pretty quick and nice. Their drinks are really cute, crafty and delicious. I love the dragon roll I think it is. I'm not too adventurous when it comes to food but the presentation is amazing it makes you just want to eat everything.The ramen here is amazing 3 different choices of broth plus different levels of spiciness. It's full of flavors an the size portions are perfect for a small eater or big eater. The sushi is interesting an fresh tasting, I highly recommend the stripe bass in truffle oil, but the best appetizer on the menu is the spicy crab bun. It is amazing!A  quaint place with indoor seating. Extremely busy. I ordered out because there wasn't room. I tried the tan tan ramen and steamed pork buns. Both were very good. Staff are quick and friendly. Can't wait to try more.Wow, the sushi is incredibly fresh and the presentation is so beautiful you will want to eat the plate.  Super service, delicious, generous portions and fun environment.The food was so good
Ramen, sushi, rice bowls, buns 
And unique cocktailsGreat service, cute decor, filtered water in beakers (much appreciated) and delicious ramen. I tried the teriyaki fried chicken rice bowl and pork ramen. Rice bowl was beautifully plated, but I definitely preferred the ramen! The broth was rich, smooth. And spicy.The atmosphere of this place was awesome!!! They were playing all our jams, the waitress was super polite. Nobody hated us for being on our phones or being American like some other ramen places we've been to. Naruto tea was delicious and so was the food!I have been in search of tasty Ramen the way I remember it from my favorite place in DC when I lived there called SakuRamen. Every other place in Philly has disappointed but I think I have finally found it, Yamitsuki you've done it. Their chicken is flavorful and grilled to perfection, their broth it just right without being too salty or too bland, Thank you. You hit the mark with what seems like little effort, I'm always glad to come back again and again.This is by far my favorite ramen place ever! The service is so nice and the food is amazing. I have not been disappointed yet and my kids love it here. They have a really cool display and seating area up front and a really nice setting throughout the entire restaurant. So nice to walk into a really modern place.
I've only stuck with one type of ramen when I've come, but I have tried tons of different appetizers and had samples of the other broths from my husband. The spicy pork ramen is bomb! Noodles weren't over cooked, the pork wasn't fatty and very moist, and the spice was perfect. I didn't need to ask for extra peppers or anything. Chicken bao bun is AMAZING. Chicken is melt in your mouth. Order it. I know u won't be disappointed. And for dessert, we tried the matcha mousse cake. Oh M Gee!! This is the best Cake ever. I wanted to order another slice.
Can't wait to go back again!!!Heard about the hype so wanted to try it out. This place is the real deal. From the modern decor to the excellent service to the amazingly delicious food. The price is so reasonable and the kids loved it also! I will definitely come again.Passed by here a few times. Finally got a chance to try it. We got there at 12:30 and there was only two other people. I ordered the spicy ramen- the ramen was good. Nice and chewy. But the broth was thick. I am used to thin broth. Not too spicy either. Overall, I won't be back because there are other good ramen places in Chinatown.The place was good. I would go there again. The pork bun and soup was very good. But for dessert my family got the shaved ice, but we did not know that there was different flavors, mango and green tea.Wasn't awful, but only marginally comparable to Japanese ramen. Broth wasn't particularly flavorful. Egg was cooked to a proper consistency but wasn't seasoned adequately. Chashu pork was satisfying - one additional star for that. Cabbage in the ramen was very distracting and not at all flavorful.Love it here. Everyone who works here is friendly, helpful and professional. Food is great! Tonight I had the eggplant buns followed by the vegetarian miso ramen. Price is great too. Every time we come here we have a great time.A nice hidden gem that holds it own against the oversaturated ramen market. Yamitsuki was a plesant experience. I've been fortunate enough to have tried all the ramen spots in Chinatown and I must say Yamitsuki holds it own. Adding sushi to their menu was a great compliment along with the Japanese Curry meal. I haven't found good Japanese Curry in Philly since GoGo Curry in NY. 
I look forward to coming back on my next visit.My husband and I tried this place while visiting Philly on a whim over Presidents' Day weekend. We tried a few different things. The sweet matcha was good and as expected. The eggplant buns were out of this world! So good! I wanted to go back just for those! We got the chicken and pork ramen. The portions were large. The broth was flavorful. I'd definitely go back.Heard about the hype so wanted to try it out. This place is the real deal. From the modern decor to the excellent service to the amazingly delicious food. The price is so reasonable and the kids loved it also! I will definitely come again. 
Update: they now have a full sushi bar with exotic and unique variety of sushi items. It's soooo fresh and delicious. I eat a lot of sushi and this is probably the best I've ever had.Stopped by for some Ramen.  Cool decor. The drinks there are authentic and to-die-for.  Quick service.  Thanks Nana.The food here is simply amazing. I ate here by myself and the server who was assigned to my table was exceptional. He gave very good customer service, he would give me new napkins every time I wiped food off my hands/mouth, refilled my water automatically, and he kept a close eye on me to make sure I was okay! Good service!! I really recommend! Plus the food is fantasticMy Favorite Ramen shop in the city 
Friendly interactive staff good food and ok prices five Stars for sureThe aesthetic of this place is cool but the food  was just ok. Seeing the other reviews for this place made my hopes high. I got the vegetarian miso ramen. The broth didn't have much flavor, and I didn't like the salad mix that was put in the ramen. I also ordered eggplant buns. They were great but had too much mayo.Been there twice, this place can deliver! Loved the Ramen, tasty and delicious but not heavy.
The service is quick and friendly. Great if you are looking for a quick bite or for some hearty comfy food!I was hoping for a better experience here, to be honest, the restaurant is beautiful and I really liked the environment, but the food was mediocre compared to the environment. I was expecting the ramen to be as good as the restaurant setting.
Don't get me wrong, I did enjoy the food. However, I didn't enjoy it as much as I thought I would. Still a good place to eat and try out though.So it was our last day in Philadelphia. My boyfriend and I wanted something good to eat. We went into china town because we love asian cuisine. We came upon this wonderful ramen spot. Let me say it was the best ramen ive had this year.
First i love the iron man statue and the naruto painting inside. Sadly i didnt take a photo of the naruto hehe. But its definitely welcoming and neat inside. You can tell people love this place because it would get filled quickly. Our wait wasnt too long. I also thought it was cute that their drinks were named after naruto characters lol.
I suck at remembering the names of our order but basically we got a large size of ramen. The pork was so juicy and it melted in your mouth. My boyfriend made sounds as he enjoyed the pork lol. Amazing. The broth and the whole ramen itself had a lot of flavor. I ended up grabbing my bowl to slurp up whatever was left. I shouldve asked for extra meat like my boyfriend did, but i didnt expect it to be that good. Their pork buns were also so yummy. The waitress was always smiling and nice. 
Unfortunately i almost gave them 3 stars because they never brought out our drinks through the whole meal. We ended up finishing everything and never got the drinks. Of course in the middle of the meal we asked about it but the waitress had made an excuse about being short staffed, when i could see who was exactly working and their was at least one person able to make them. The host (manager) did seat people down but since we got there only one couple entered after that no one else for the whole time we were eating, since all seats were already taken. So he couldve made our drinks. When the 2 waitresses had nothing to do, which i noticed then they couldve chosen one to make them. But if it was that serious to them she couldve mentioned it when we ordered in the first place. There was a couple who came in 2 mins after us and they managed to get their drinks first before their meals. Unlike us ?
In the end i was still happy. Just wish she just told the truth about forgetting our drinks because im sure they did. They ended up giving us our drinks to go and on the house / no charge. 
So that went from 3 to 4 stars because we got to enjoy our drinks in the end as we walked the city in that warm weather. Hopefully that doesnt happen a lot to others, so in the end i do Recommend this place because of the food :) . Great ramen. Great pork.they food mad good! the food got the right amount of seasoning it aint dry! and the server gave me the $5.00 sauce for freeeeeeee (dj khaled voice)Amazing place, love the ramen, and the Watermelon Smoothie!! I have yet to try everything on the menu ^_^I had the Karai Ramen and it's their spicy vegetarian ramen option. For me it was just mildly spicy though. Lots of veggies and two fried tofu pieces which I enjoyed. My dining buddy had the Spicy Shoyu which was soy free chicken broth, and he too liked it but voted Terakawa as better. I got the regular size and my buddy got Large...and weirdly there wasn't much of a size difference between the two bowls. 
I'll definitely go back because it's not easy to find vegetarian ramen around.Ramen is yummy. Been here a couple times. Portion is kind of small for the price but so good. Small restaurant. Service is kind of slow.Underwhelming, bland ramen. Been here twice now, asked not to go the second time but was trumped by friend group. Got pork ramen the first time, I thought alright I'll go and just get a different dish or some sushi.
Ended up getting ramen again because the only other food was a small selection of overpriced apps, wildly overpriced sushi, or a 'rice bowl' which only comes with plain rice with meat, cabbage, and sauce. The ramen I got, although a different flavor, tasted the same as the first one. Noodles were not tasty and seemed a little undercooked. 
I had also gotten the green tea boba, WAY too sweet. I can tolerate sweet things, but this was like drinking sugar from a straw. The drink was already small and I couldn't stomach it. 
Friendly service and short wait time, but you can find better and less expensive ramen in Philly.My wife, her friend, and I went to Yamitsuki on the night of their "soft opening". We were blown away! It's a beautiful, modern restaurant with a very friendly staff and a menu that's "just right".
The food was excellent. It's better than all the race places in Baltimore, where we are from, and on par with the best in NYC.
The three of us tried three different broths. They were all superb (my favorite is the Miso broth). Get the chicken too--it looks like they roast it or something. It's seasoned too. Just right.
Try the milk teas too. We got Matcha green tea with tapioca bubbles. It's real matcha, which according to my wife, is pretty expensive stuff.
The prices were just right. About $10 for a regular sized bowl, and $13 for a large.
Check this place out!The restaurant looked great, and our server was extremely friendly and did a fantastic job. The house drink (citrus green tea) was amazing, and my boyfriend really enjoyed his cripsy shrimp (wrapped in ramen noodles and fried). However, the ramen itself was very disappointing. Everything was different temperatures, and I had a big chunk of cabbage that wasn't cut up, so it made half of my bowl's broth cold. I took it out completely so when I stirred everything up it wouldn't affect it. The soup wasn't great because of this. It's unfortunate, because everything else was so good!The ramen portion isn't as filling like tetakawa ramen. The place is too cliche because they want to follow the Japanese culture, which is not. This is targeting to all customers that are fans anime.There are better ramen around the area. Would not recommend. Service was good but the restaurant was pretty warm. It was 90+ degrees outside and all we wanted to do was eat good food in a cold place. Also the pork that they add to the ramen was literally 3 thin slices of pork belly with sesame oil,salt and pepper marinated in it. It would taste great if it was separate from the ramen..nice atmosphere and friendly staff but the ramen was only ok. noodle was a bit too al dente, cabbage in miso ramen was not great, soup was still a bit salty even though asked for less salt. but the pork slices were yummy. also ordered the pork belly over rice - the pork was a bit too salty. overall nice place but food is mediocre.Thank u for made my day with really nice service and food, I'm just having a bad day with the way Terakawa treated us so I'm really thankful when your hostess greeted us with smile and your waitress being friendly and pay attention to our table ,food wise we order some sushi ,ramen , chicken katsu and a pot of their tea, everything was excellent ,I really love their tea, it's really up to their specialty "Tea Bar" . Definitely my go to place for ramen,tea and Japanese comfort foodHad a great meal here! The ramen was excellent. The spicy ramen is spicy. Real spicy, not moderately spicy. Think jamppong (korean noodles) spicy. The singer ramen was also well executed, heavy on the sesame oil which is a good thing :) Large group with kids. Very family friendly. Cash only.About every 4-6 weeks we make a trip to Chinatown and my wife, my daughter and myself have our hair cuts. After visiting Perfect Cut on Race Street we have dinner in Chinatown. We wanted to go to Terakawa but there was 20-minute wait for a table. We decided to try somewhere new and Yamitsuki had good reviews on Yelp and off we went to Arch Street.
China town is expanding and there are several new spots on Arch Street and a few other ones getting ready to open. Yamitsuki is a cool and modern place inside with a definite Japanese vibe. There are a lot of natural woods and colored lights and an open kitchen. We ordered a couple of appetizers, the Pork Buns (Slices of Pork Belly Chashu) and Edamame with shichimi salt. Both of the dishes were very good and the shichimi salt gave the Edamame some extra and nice flavors.
We tried 3 different Ramen dishes a Miso based, a Curry based and a spicy Chicken. We all thought the broths were very good with different and well-developed flavors. The ramen noodle themselves were excellent. The service was great all night and they gave us our check in this cool Japanese comic book. I will return to Yamitsuki Ramen and try some other dishes and teas.
4 solid Yelp stars.Yes I gave this place 3 stars, but I've been here many times and have had no problems, 4-5 star ratings. Last time we came here, everything was going according to plan until we ordered, in which 2 things we ordered were out of stock. This was a shock to me as it was two things I've always ordered and love to get, so I was severely disappointed. Second thing that was upsetting was that the pork in our ramen was cold and very fatty (~80% fat). Usually a fatty pork belly can be very delicious but this time, the pork lacked flavor, was chewy and not tasty for being pork belly. The quality has definitely gone down this time vs the last time which was like 3-4 months ago. I will come back and hopefully the food will be better and they will have in stock the items I enjoy.The wait is really long :( we were here at 7:21, then waited for 25 mins to be seated, then another 45 mins for the food to be served! They did not have that many choices for you compared to Ramen bar or Terakawa. The food was not that good either. However, the decoration looked pretty nice. Waiters were friendly as well!We were so impressed tonight with their service.  They were so gracious and accommodating to our party of 6 adults and five children, and even went out of their way to to make dishes available that met my children's numerous food allergy requirements.
The food was delicious and dessert was incredible.
We'll definitely be returning!Outstanding contemporary spot in Chinatown.  The Curry Pho was inventive and delicious.  Service was efficient and friendly. Location to convention center?  How does 3 minute walk sound?My fiancé and I really enjoyed the food and the service was wonderful. We both loved our ramen with chicken and pork and our appetizers. The only reason why I'm giving it 3 stars is because we both became very ill that evening and into the next day.Here's the Shoyu Chintan with extra bamboo. Thanks for this awesome beautiful and so delicious ramen. As always.I've been here a few times so far. The first time I came, we were wandering around the city kind of late and stumbled upon Yamitsuki and decided to give it a shot, never having had ramen that wasn't from a packet before. I will say, for a first timer, I was a little overwhelmed at trying to decide what went in the ramen. But, it was delicious.
The following times I went, I started mixing it up a little and dabbled in some appetizers. The pork and vegetable buns are to die for, and are a must have. Every time I go, I get a different ramen. I will definitely keep coming back for more.Friday night sitting at the big back booth devouring the best ramen I've had in Philly ever. I added a poached egg to my pork miso, pro move. If you sit in the back you can hide from the club music. Water comes in chem lab beakers, nice touch. I'll be back, takeout would be nice too. 
If you're a ramen novice, this is your jam.Did a day trip to Philly, stopped here for dinner. The ambience of the store alone has a kind of city-dwelling, Eastern Asia feel to it, which is really nice and comfortable. The servers are incredibly patient, kind, and always asking how we're doing. The food. Oh, the food is a different story. I have never eaten such a beautifully prepared ramen cuisine before, definitely recommend this place for that ramen fix. 
Didn't get a chance to try the sushi, but it looks delicious.On our trip to Philly on Thanksgiving we had a very limited choice of food. We found this little place in Chinatown and we were not disappointed. The sushi was fresh and the ramen soup was very tasty. Would definitely come again.Pleasantly surprised by this place! 
Came here for lunch on Thursday with a coworker. We were greeted by a giant iron man statue, followed by a menu that was a little bit naruto themed, with all kinds of food! We were a bit confused by the theme and decorations, but the food ended up being amazing.
My friend ordered the chicken-don for only $5 and it basically looked like a meal if it's own. I ordered the cucumber appetizer and not only was it aesthetically pleasing, but also delicious. 
The ramen is the best part. I got the spicy tonkatsu ramen with extra bamboo shoots in a regular. And while the bowl may look small, THERE ARE ENDLESS NOODLES. The more I ate the more I felt like there were. Honestly such a big portion for such a good price! The flavoring was a bit salty, but the texture and shape of the noodles were absolutely delicious. I will definitely be back for more ramen. 
Overall, our meal came to about $37 with tax and tip which I thought was a very good price for 2 appetizers and 2 entrees.CHICKEN RAMEN HIT THE SPOT!  SOFT OPENING - this is the time for people to try out and give businesses feedback on what they need to improve for grand opening week.  I definitely do not expect customer service to be top notch, because (let's keep it real) they are still trying to figure everything out.  My expectation is very simple, is that the food is DELICIOUS (this is really what keeps customers from coming back - you can give me sh*tty service, but make up for it with the scrumptious food you feed me).  Thank you Yamitsuki for meeting that requirement!  I came here on the first night of it's soft opening and they were so busy that they ran out of chicken, but it is all gooood!  It was a mad house in there!  So, I came back and was very pleased to see FRESH chicken in my mouthwatering bowl of ramen and OMG *droooooolingggg* just thinking about it.  As a noodle soup/broth lover and someone who have been anxiously waiting for chicken ramen to come into Philadelphia, you have well met my standards!  My server also informed me that the menu on soft opening week was a limited version.  I am excited to see your full menu!  I will see you for your grand opening and welcome to the City of Brotherly Love!I would definitely recommend this place even though I gave it a 3. They have a sushi menu, a ramen menu, and a drink menu. A lot of people overlook the drink menu, but trust me, the tea's and drinks here are actually extremely tasty! Def give the organic reishi green teas a Try! It'll blow your mind how refreshing and good it is! 
The apps were good, the crispy shrimp is definitely one of the more creative dishes I've had at a ramen restaurant. Everyone has a pork/chicken buns... it's overplayed (not that I don't order it every single time Cuz it's still delicious) but it's nice to try something different! 
Also give the torches pork belly/chicken don rice bowl a try! It's definitely the best deal they have! Super filling for only $5! Also the pork belly in the torched rice bowl was SOOO much better than the one in the ramen.. I wish they put that pork belly in the ramen. 
I could be considered a ramen connoisseur based on how many ramen restaurants I've been too (basically hundreds considering that this is my go to meal at 2am to sober up). I got the karai ramen. This place definitely has the best actual ramen. The noodles themselves were legit unlike other places with insta ramen noodles. However, the most disappointing aspect was the pork belly within the ramen itself. It was not soft nor tender... the fat itself was actually hard and chewy like a beef tendon. It was hard to eat. I have never tasted pork belly that was this terrible. The soup base itself was actually really good. I'd suggest they place extra sesame or chilli flakes on the table in case customers want extra. Unfortunately, due to the pork belly being so terrible, this is why my rating went from a 4 to a 3. A place has to be RIDICULOUSLY good to get a 5 so don't be offended!They offer a compelling selection of teas and sake. Their ramen is tasty, filling and creatively presented. Service is outstanding. I've eaten here many times when I travel to Philadelphia for work. You leave feeling satisfied, but not weighed down by the food. Their sushi is predictable, but fresh and well prepared. Meals are not pricy and the value is very good. Atmosphere is comfortable and interesting.I ordered a bowl of spicy curry noodles, feel good, my friend ordered a chicken curry with rice, very fragrant good to eat, I will often comeI am not sure what happened today but the bar was littered with leftover food from past guests, the staff's iPad, half eaten takeout from another place along with someone else's take out in red plastic bags. It was about 4:30 on Friday. Usually, the place is pretty clean and has a welcoming vibe.Yamitsuki has a long way to go if they expect to compete with other Philadelphia ramen establishments. The shio chicken broth was bland and starchy. The noodles were so overcooked they resembled instant ramen. And the pork belly was a far cry from melt-in-your-mouth tender.
On the tea house side, Yamitsuki also requires improvement. The sweet matcha contained too much sugar, and the apple matcha tasted artificial. Beneath the sweeteners, the matcha itself was barely detectable.
The one item on the menu we did enjoy was the noodle shrimp tempura. Picture shrimp delicately wrapped in a noodle coccoon, then deep-fried and topped with a spicy sauce. No complaints here!
Although we left Yamitsuki dissatisfied, we were ultimately understanding to the fact that last weekend was their soft opening. With that said, I decided to bump up my rating to 3 stars. I have faith that the owners will take Yelpers' feedback seriously.Amazing place, love the ramen, and the Watermelon Smoothie!! I have yet to try everything on the menu ^_^ Very friendly and helpful with customer serviceWent here for dessert so this review is only about desserts.
1) tofu cheesecake - yum!! Sounds weird but it actually works! Must try, interesting combination
2) shaved ice with green tea, mochi, etc - definitely my favourite here!! I'd go to this place even just for this dessert
3) bubble tea - can miss this, not that good, a bit too sweet for my tasteAmazing taro snow ice, great ramen, and the Jasmine boba milk tea was not too sweet. Yum! Also our server was really wonderful. He gave us extra bowls because some of our group were sharing their  ramen (heh third stop on food tour) and then gave us extra bowls and serving spoons for our snow ice.Definitely one of the best places for eating out and just relaxing. Great for birthdays *free ramen and really nice snow ice dessert. I'd recommend this to everyone!!Cool glass teacups, comfy red couches next to the open sliding glass doors, sleek wood panel designs, delicious $2 Thai Mango Green Tea drink special, and paperback Naruto replacing the traditional checkbook ^.^ The Jade Cloud tea is good, the Jasmine Pearl Milk Tea with Boba & Thai Mango Green Tea special are great! 
Check it out.
Heads up if you're just grabbing a drink: $10 credit card minimum.Delicious food, casual atmosphere.  For vegetarians, the eggplant bao bun and curry ramen are a must tryI have been coming to Yamitsuki for close to a year and have overall been very satisfied. Their ramen is consistently fantastic and they probably have the best Vegetarian Ramen option of any place in philly. 
A few different times I've been here servers have made mistakes with the order but very quickly fixed it so it hasn't been a problem.
This time I came with my sister and we ordered the large veggie Miso Yasai and regular pork tonkatsu ramen as well as two bubble teas and a sushi roll. I was a little concerned at first when our waitress Kim came to take our order and didn't write anything down.
Suffice it to say I was unsurprised when she switched which miso was supposed to be large and which was supposed to be regular sized. In addition, the boba tea was NOT boba. It was some kind of brown jelly, but i didn't have the flavor, texture, or shape of boba. When I brought it up to Kim she said that it was a special type of maple syrup jelly and if we didn't like it we could just drink the tea....wrong. I didn't order maple syrup jelly, I ordered boba, and instead of fixing the drink or apologizing that they didn't have boba and suggesting that I try this new drink, she tried to charge us for the milk teas with (nasty) jelly and make it seem like we were wrong for wanting what we had ordered to begin with. She was also unapologetic about getting the soup sizes wrong and charged us for two larges, even though we had only ordered one.
I LOVE the ramen and the sushi is usually pretty good, but if I were to come back and see that Kim is serving here, I would leave and spend my money at Terakawa where I know that my order will be correct and the service will be better.
5 stars for the ramen, 1 star for the service= average 3 stars.My husband and I went here for the second round of our little birthday dinner after a sushi restaurant nearby. We ordered one of the chicken broth ramen and pork buns. The food was so-so and the interior of the restaurant was nice. However, the service was just off. When we received the check, we noticed on the bottom of the receipt it says 'free ramen for your birthday'. When we asked the server about the offer and told her it was my husband's birthday, she seemed confused. She checked his id, and told us to wait. After a few minutes, another server came and asked for his id again. At this point, we were so annoyed by the situation and just wanted to pay for the ramen and get out of there. The servers took his id and took it to the manager while we waited another few minutes to be finally told the manager of the restaurant wasn't aware of such event, and he would offer a free ramen for next time. We left the coupon because we knew there won't be any 'next time' for us to visit such place who values $10 over customer's time and their promise to customers.I went here for the "soft opening" and was met with a disappointing experience.
The place bills itself as a "chicken ramen" restaurant, and yet for their soft opening, they literally had NO CHICKEN. Anything on the menu that contained chicken was unavailable. This left either pork options or vegetarian. I don't eat pork, so I went with the tofu ramen option. It was tasty, but it literally only had two tiny slivers of actual tofu in it.
I was dining with two friends, and they also ordered entrees plus numerous appetizers and drinks. Everything was perfectly tasty, but it took awhile to come out and our waitress was a mess. For instance, we ordered a shrimp appetizer but asked if we could substitute the sauce from a different dish for the spicy sauce the app came with. Somehow we struggled to communicate this to her, but we thought she finally got it... but then she brought out the app with the incorrect sauce anyway.
The waitress was really kind of a mess in general. She added chairs to our table for some reason, and slammed one into my knee while doing so.
The real insult was toward the end of our meal. One of our party had to step out to feed the parking meter, and it became clear that our waitress was growing impatient. She checked to see if we wanted dessert and we said that we thought our friend did, but we had to wait for her to come back. The waitress' mouth said "No hurry, take your time," but her actions said "Get the f*** out of here ASAP." She started clearing dishes, and at one point she YANKED my bubble tea off the table without asking - I wasn't done with it. We also saw her whispering with the manager, who then came over to inform us that if we wanted dessert (water ice) we had to order it from the bar.
So even though the food was good, we were left with a bad taste in our mouths because of the service. Our total bill was a little over $71, which isn't bad for three apps, three entrees and three drinks.Yamitsuki is a pretty cool place, I liked the design and its easy to spot on the street. Ramen is their main dish and it was average at best. The pork I got in it was like beef jerky. The ramen was pretty over priced as well. Around 14 dollars for a "large" bowl which is pretty much a regular size anywhere else that you should be paying less than 9-10 dollars for. For a small bubble tea and a bowl of ramen I paid 20 dollars. I didn't feel there was much value there considering there's plenty of great ramen shops around for cheaper.... I'd urge them to drop the prices a bit.Delicious ramen at a reasonable price and the teas are great too. you will walk out with your belly bursting!Based on what I heard about this place I was hoping for more. I had the miso ramen and was disappointed. The egg topping was lukewarm and the flavor of the broth was subpar. What put me off most was the service. Approximately 2 minutes after I had paid my bill I was interrupted and told to hurry up because someone was waiting for the seat. I can understand maybe if we had lingered for a long time and they were busy, but 2 minutes? I think that's ridiculous. Will not be returning.Glad I checked this ramen place out with my friend two weeks ago. The interior decor is very cozy and modern, and their ramen soup is very rich. I ordered miso ramen with chicken broth. Would love to try the other flavors when next time I go there. The service is pretty good. I also noticed some good drinks like bubble tea on their menu. Last but not least, their price is fair for ramen in Philly.We visited to the Philadelphia conference center and we had a lunch at this Yamitsuki Ramen place where is located nearby the conference center.
The ambience is cool and clean. I liked the Japanese Izakaya theme. The menu variety is wide!  It has all kinds -  Shio, Shoyu, Miso, Tonkotsu, Curry ramen. There are many topping to choose.  It's great that you can choose the size (Regular/Large).
The taste was decent and the price, the service were reasonable.
Ambience/location: Excellent
Food: Good
Price: Good
Service: GoodGreat service, but decent ramen. Dropped in randomly today as I walked by and noticed that it's still their soft opening, so there should be room for improvement. I was seated right away and the food came out super quick.
The inside looks really nice and trendy with a big life sized hulk buster suit of armor in the lobby. I'm not sure why it's there, or why a friend of mine from nyc saw my ramen knew about the armor to ask about the iron man.
With the soft opening ,it's cash opening, with a decent amount of seating in the front and back. Two bars are available, one is for food and one for drinks and desserts? I only had a small shoyu ramen ($10) and it came with cabbage, a slice of seaweed, a naruto, and some pork belly (option of this or chicken) in a chicken broth. The noodles weren't bad, the broth was a bit on the salty side. A soft boiled egg is not included, but during the soft opening you get a free add-on, which do not include an extra side of chicken/pork. I got an egg, which was slightly over cooked. It was toeing the line between hard boiled and soft boiled. The reason this was 3 and not 4 stars was because the pork. I paid an extra $2.5 for some pork belly and both the side and pork in my ramen were over cooked. They were both too dry and overly marinated to the point of being too salty.I Love the chicken rice bowl with the green curry. It was cooked perfectly. I love the lemon ginger tea make sure to ask for liquid sugar so it can make your hot tea taste better. I recommend the chicken rice bowl and hot ginger lemon tea but you can try whatever you want and this restaurant and leave a review.This place has really nice vibes and is nicely decorated. I came here with my boyfriend and we both ordered ramen. He ordered a curry soup base ramen and I ordered the spicy ramen. I personally think his curry ramen tasted better than mines but the overall experience was good. I do recommend this place to friends and family.I would definitely recommend Yamitsuki to anyone looking for some great ramen. Everything from their Naruto themed menu to their their great staff makes this place a definite favorite of mine. My girlfriend and I come here almost once a month ( ).Super disappointed. My boyfriend and I came here to try a new ramen place.  We was disappointed. One,  it smelled bad,  like poop bad.  And we asked if we can move our table.  Appetizer was great but the ramen was bad. It didn't taste authentic. My bf claim the broth tasted slimy and couldn't continue to eat it. My ramen was edible but the chicken didn't taste right. The place seem new and I would like to try them again in a few months.This place is new, sleek, and modern. Stopped by on a whim for a quick lunch with the husband, which indeed was quick because of the nice service, but unfortunately also because of the small portion size. I normally do not finish a bowl of ramen in any of the ramen joints around Philly, but this one was easily smallest. Still, their chicken soup base is clean and doesn't make you feel nasty afterwards. Added an egg and paid about $15 total.Nice vegetable bowl. Curry. Egg. Sprouts. Delish I would come back. Pretty healthy. Brother had the same but chicken broth w chicken sprouts.Cool atmosphere, food not bad,  pork in ramen very good and tasty. Noodles were ok.   Had special oysters from Japan, very fresh yummy!   Gotta try if available, a bit expensive though.This is our second trip to yamitsuki my son loves it here and he wants to try all of the items on the menu because the server said he'll get a gift if ever he doesn't he'll be in the wall of fame of yamitsuki.
The service is phenomenal beyond amazing also is the food. Decor and ambience is explicitA great option for when the line at Terakawa is unbearably long. The only thing I don't love are the noodles. They use a thinner, "non-wavy" noodle style that has a (slightly) less appealing texture. Still excellent. 
Had the opportunity to try their Japanese style oysters which were also excellent.