Beautiful, not annoyingly noisy sushi/ udon/soba restaurant. Service was very good and course pace was appropriate. Gyoza dumplings were very flavorful but (surprisingly) pretty greasy. Sushi for two is a very generous portion for $50. Highlights included 3 types of tuna, escolar and bronzino. A bit boring was the included California roll. Overall, a great addition to Manayunk, and a welcome huge improvement over the aging and gloomy  Hikaru.The sushi is good - very fresh and I love how they flavor their rice. Downside - the speciality rolls are crazy expensive and are average at best. Better sushi restaurants in the city have cheaper specialty rolls.
The regular rolls are tastier in my opinion and worth the money.
Service was below average - we felt rushed at the end even though it was 15 minutes before closing.
Biggest upside of this place was that they served Chabaa Thai. However, they shrunk that menu over the last couple of weeks to barely serve a few Chabaa dishes. I mean how do you remove red curry from Chabaa's menu?!
All in all its a solid 3 stars. No more and no less.I've been to Yanako many times. It's definitely my girlfriend and I's go to sushi place in the Manayunk/ Roxborough area. The inside has a very modern and attractive look to it. It gives the diner the perception that what they will be receiving may in fact be elevated Japanese and Thai cuisine.
I don't usually get the sushi, but I have often tasted it. My girlfriend typically gets the Eel roll and the spicy salmon roll. Both have always been very clean and fresh tasting. I typically order off of the Chabaa menu. I've got the Pad Krapao  with beef several times now. I love the flavors of the thai chiles and basil and I have began trying to replicate the dish at home.
My favorite thing about Yanako is actually something rather odd. I love the way they cook their rice here. I've never had rice cooked the way it is cooked at Yanako. Maybe I've never had perfectly cooked rice before or maybe they do something different to it. Either way my favorite part of my meal is usually loading some rice into my broth or sauce and just eating that. It's divine. Also, as far as Apps go, the crispy spring rolls on the Chabaa menu are awesome. The Thai sweet chili sauce that accompanies it just makes it that much better.
So anyways, this place is a BYOB which makes the dining experience here more affordable by a mile. I have no idea what I am going to do when Chabaa separates from Yanako, because I love being able to order off both menus.
Conclusion: Great place, you should go there.Hands Down the best sushi place around!  Chef Eddie and other sushi chefs make the experience even more spectacular. My favorites are the Younger Sister Roll, Seven Seas Roll, Maguru Su Miso, the Oysters, Uni, Live Scallop, Eel Avocado Roll, Escolar...You can't go wrong with anything on their menu.Very very overpriced for the quality of what you get. My teriyaki chicken was undercooked and tough. I didn't even finish it. The sushi fell apart and was only average at best.I love this sushi restaurant! They sushi chefs are very pleasant and always so friendly. The fish is fresh and always delicious. I come here often for lunch and always feel very satisfied with my meal.Sushi is fantastic! This place is byob so that saves you a little on the alcohol, but they will charge you more for the sushi so it evens out. Also an order of nigiri (which comes with 2 pieces at most places) only comes with one piece FYI.Came here for restaurant week. They have great presentations for their food. I would give them 6 stars for that alone. 
Love the decor of the establishment. 
I must say there is nothing that I don't like about this place. That said it didn't really WOW me.
This is a solid choice if you are in the area. Parking can be a little difficult to find. Tip: don't park on main st. Try and find parking in the back near the church.The red curry was bomb! There was a little bit of a wait but the service was really good.Disclaimer - I only eat vegetarian sushi so my review might not be meaningful to most. The vegetarian sushi is delicious though. My fiancé has tried almost all of the specialty rolls on the menu and he has loved them all. The presentation of the food is beautiful. The waitstaff is always friendly and seem very knowledgeable. The Gyoza appetizer is fantastic. I love the decor - so peaceful and clean looking. Highly recommend if craving sushi in Manayunk.Yanako was pretty good. Not the best I've had in the area, but i'd say above average sushi. Pricey though, so bring your wallet! Service was good, attentive. The fact that it is a BYOB is a major plus! If you're in the area, Yanako is a good option, but for amazing sushi, go up the street to Chestnut Hill and visit Osaka.Wow, what a find in Manyunk. We were a little nervous at first because the place was deserted when we got there at 7 on a Friday night, but it became packed within the hour. The restaurant itself is beautiful (if a little cramped) and the customer service was great. Everyone from the host to the waitress to the other waiter I passed on my way to the bathroom was so nice. My kimono roll was a burst of
flavor with each bite. I regretted not ordering more sushi when I was done. My only gripe is that I asked for spicy sauce on the side when I ordered but my waitress didn't bring it until I had eaten all but two sushi pieces, then I was charged for it. Annoying but minor, and it certainly is not going to stop me from going back for the amazing sushi.So decided to give the trendy neighborhood of Manayunk a try. So went to meet up with an old friend with my wife and ended up choosing Yanako. Yanako is a Japanese restaurant which specializes in fine Japanese cuisine. So we ended up getting a 7:00pm reservation and the place was relatively busy for a Friday night but not too busy. We have a newborn and asked the host for a chair. The host was kind of spaced out (weed) so she wasn't much help giving us a high chair which was inadequate for a us, however our server was great by suggesting to put the high chair upside down where the legs of the high chair were wide enough so it could accommodate our baby's car seat securely. My wife and I were pretty hungry and ended up ordering the taco yaki appetizer which was ehhh... nothing really to gloat about or order in the future (frozen). We also ordered the Pork Katsu which was pretty delicious and crispy. We also ordered 2 speciality sushi rolls which were also very good. Anyhow m, overall we thought the place was good, very fresh and great server. However, we felt as though the place wasn't the best place for families, it's more of a "Date Night" place with a romantic atmosphere. Perhaps we will come again if we can get someone to sit for our daughter, we really liked the food and the area. Our friends also liked the place as well and seemed happy we chose this restaurant. So overall, although we felt as though it wasn't family-friendly, we thought the food and service was exceptional and therefore hope to come again in the near future when we are on Main Street. However, the parking is an absolute nightmare so plan your time accordingly and take into account the time it takes to find decent parking.Went here a few months ago and I thought it was delicious. It looked really cute when I walked in, I loved the decor. We were seated upstairs and were the only people around 6 on a Friday night. We brought a variety of beer and they were very accommodating of keeping them cold. The service was pretty friendly. I got the California roll miso soup and the soft shell roll. The soft shell was my favorite, both unique and tasty.
I would definitely go back but mostly for a special occasion.My friend and I were skeptical about trying this place given the mixed reviews, but figured we give it a chance. The menu has a lot of variety, but has a sushi menu that is smaller and less creative than others. We ordered the gyozo and four rolls - and yes, it was on the pricier side. The gyozo was tasty, but the rolls were a bit bland and the rice on the rolls was not sticky. The decor was nice and the seating was rather intimate. The service was slow and there seemed to be only one waitress for the entire first floor. Overall, this experience was lack luster and expensive. I definitely recommend heading into center city for better less-expensive sushi and a more enjoyable experience.So. Delicious.  I can't wait to go back!  We had a party of three and it did take 15 minutes or so to get a table, even though we called ahead. Just a heads up, they don't take reservations for parties of three, so you'd be better off going with an even numbered amount of people.  Despite the wait, the hosts were pleasant and welcoming, even checking up on us during the meal to see if it was to our satisfaction, and they did graciously apologize for the wait.  Our meal and the service was so good that it made up for having to wait.  We ordered spring rolls, chicken satay, sushi, pad thai, and a crab dish, as well as desert- a dry chocolate cake and green tea ice cream.  I definitely would recommend.  Parking took a bit of looking, but we finally found a spot two blocks away.This restaurant is beautiful and the sushi was delicious. My one complaint was the service. My party of 2 went around 8PM on a weeknight last week. We waited for more than half an hour for our rolls to be created, even though there were only 4 other (small) parties in the restaurant at the time. Our waiter was very nice, but we had to wait an additional 15 minutes or so before he came around to bring the check.Very good and fresh sushi. Nice atmosphere and the service is sufficient. BYOB is a nice addition and the special rolls are worth the extra dollarsWalking by one day on Main St. Manayunk and I saw this place. I've heard good things about this restaurant so I decided to try it out. 
This place is gorgeous. 
I had the Sushi and Sashimi for 2. My lady never really had it, but she was all for it when the plate appeared right in front of us. It was a chef's choice and it was a great decision.
Though a little pricey, the quality and care is there. 
If you enjoy japanese fare, go to this place because its very hard to find good a good sushi place around philly!Came here on a Saturday night for a dinner date. I love BYO sushi places, so I was in my happy place right away. We ordered miso soup, the Manayunk special roll, California roll, and Spicy Tuna roll. All of the food was fresh and delicious! The rolls were a bit on the expensive side. I've definitely been to plenty of BYO sushi restaurants where the special rolls were not $17 a piece. I would still recommend coming here, just be prepared to drop a good amount of money!The hostess was busy on her phone before greeting us as we awkwardly stood, half in, half out the restaurant. When she was attentive, she was extremely accommodating. I'm under the impression that this place is normally packed for dinner, but we luckily swooped in while the tables were being turned and managed to snag a table for three - my sister, my mom, and me.
We ordered a plain veggie udon, green curry, jumbo lump crab fried rice, and a sushi roll (I don't remember which one). While the sushi was excellent - the fish itself was very cold and lacked any 'fishy' flavor - everything else to me was just okay. I think if you prefer your food to be a bit on the sweeter side, you would thoroughly enjoy this place. My mom had to doctor up the udon with a bit of wasabi and soy sauce to make the udon more savory. I think green curry is typically sweet, so I didn't mind and thoroughly enjoyed it. The fried rice was great - you could see tons of pieces of crab, and I thought it was well worth the money for such an expensive fried rice dish.
The interior is beautiful, albeit a bit cramped (closer to a NYC restaurant in terms of how 'cozy' it is). In the front, there's a table that seems like it's a traditional Japanese dinner table, where you sit on the floor (which is elevated there), which looked really cool.
I don't know if I'd go out of my way to return, but it was a pleasant meal with pleasant servers. The food was a tad bit sweet for me to be excited about this place, though.Very good place for a cool atmosphere and good sushi. The service was excellent and there was a good amount of time between our appetizers and entrees. I have been here multiple times and have never been disappointed in any of their sushi. Would recommend!I've only been once for lunch. We stopped in and there was no hostess in sight but eventually a woman who ended up being our waitress sat us. 
My bf got a chirashi and I ordered a bento box with chicken teriyaki. He liked his chirashi but the portion was quite small for the price. (Lots of veggies, not much fish) 
My bento box was odd. The flavor of the chicken teriyaki was a little different than I'm used to but still good. The bento box didn't come with any rice which I found odd and it was also a fairly small portion compared to Many other restaurants I've been to. 
Once we were seated service was attentive. I did notice a couple come in, wait, wait, and wait for someone to acknowledge them and seat them. Finally a young girl (maybe 12) showed up and began asking them if they would like a table and said the hostess would be out soon. They seemed confused and after she left and came back again she said I can seat you and they said they'd rather wait for a hostess. Finally they get seated and no waiter shows so they just left. It was awkward and strange and I'm not sure if the young girl was the child of someone working but the whole situation was weird. Why not just have someone available to seat people? 
Overall, the food was pricey but good, the decor is beautiful, the service seems to be hit or miss especially when it comes to getting seated in the first place.Excellent. Decent price, great atmosphere. Byob with great service and very accommodating to our large group!Not bad. Good sushi, good service. Great addition to Main street. Go here, walk main street afterwards.I got the green curry, pick up yesterday and it was perfect. It was still warm after my 20 min walk back to the office which was a relief since that is not always the case with take out. The green curry was creamy with crisp bell peppers and just the right amount of bamboo shoots. It was $15 with chicken (as a $2) add on which was a stretch for my lunch budget. It would be great if there was a lunch menu. Otherwise, amazing food and friendly service.Well, the food is ok but nothing special. We place is zoo. Typical manyunk 20 shouting to be heard constantly. Staff couldn't care less. We won't be back.Basic rolls were proportionally perfect! Huge fish of fish and small amount of rice which I think is key. Specialty rolls were sizable and good. Service was good. Not too expensiveI went here last night with a bunch of friends to celebrate a birthday. We had a GREAT experience. They were very gracious about accommodating our large party. We were shown to a smaller upstairs room with a long table and some other diners. The decor was beautiful and serene.
We were very well attended to the entire time. Our waiter went above and beyond by keeping our water glasses filled, making sure our wine was promptly opened and chilled, and making recommendations that were very helpful. He even went above and beyond by not only remembering one of our party's preferred order, but also by accommodating a special request with the preparation. 
My friend and I split a spicy tuna roll, a Philadelphia roll, and a "Manayunk" specialty roll. The Manayunk was EXCELLENT. Every other piece of sushi that I tried was also very good. Everything was fresh and carefully crafted. Everyone in our party thoroughly enjoyed their meal.
The staff was also very friendly about allowing us to stay late and linger over our wine, when I'm sure all they wanted was to close up and go home. Our waiter and the owner both personally thanked all of us as we left. 
I will definitely be returning!Ordered Yanako through GrubHub and it was delish.  We loved the sushi and the freshness of the salads and dumplings.  It isn't every day that we spend 90+ on take-out but every once it a while it is worth it to splurge.  We definitely enjoyed the consistency from what we experienced when we dined in the restaurant.  Would definitely recommend for dining in or taking out!!Very good quality sushi...oysters were great. BYOB a huge plusMy husband and I came to Yanako last night for the first time.  As newbies to the neighborhood we were looking for a good sushi spot and were so excited to try this place, ESPECIALLY because it is a BYOB.  We arrived shortly after 8pm.  There was a nice little crowd for a Monday night.  We ordered the Octopus dumplings, gyoza dumplings and a seaweed salad to start.  The server was great, hostess attentive and it was nice to see that there were a lot of take out orders going out the door as well.  The appetizers were delicious.  We got 4 sushi rolls and my oh my were we full, and we had to take some home.  The entire staff was helpful and make our first dining experience AMAZING.  We will definitely return and look forward to trying some new things on the menu next time!I am surprised to see all the positive reviews for this place. 
The service sucked... we sat at a family style table and servers kept hitting my chair and we were neglected for about half an hour without our meal and without seeing our server.
In addition to the poor service, the food was sub-par. I ordered a salmon roll, which was chewy and nothing impressive. In addition, I ordered the Sansai noodles, which I like to describe as an "old sock soup" taste.
I know my Japanese food and this place definitely does not make the cut. Save your money and time.50$ sushi and sashimi for two is a good deal and enough for a couple. U can substitute the rolls for ur own choice by paying for the difference in price.Having lived in many areas of the city, I've had the opportunity to slowly make my way through a list of sushi spots around Philadelphia. Yanako holds their own to the top sushi places in Philadelphia. The open ceilings around the sushi bar area is inviting yet intimate. The staff is friendly and accommodating. I've tried many offerings of both sushi and thai at Yanako. My favorite being the tofu or shrimp green curry and Manayunk roll. You will not be disappointed by any option made here.This was probably one of the best dining experiences I have in the area. Made reservations for NYE. We were greeted and sat with no wait. Thai food was also an option since chaaba is under renovations. It's a Byob so we enjoyed a bottle of wine. We got soup, satay, crazy noodles and the chefs special sushi and sashimi plate. It was amazing from the first bite all the way to the last. The server helped us decide what to order and the owner greeted us at the table to make sure everything was good. The sushi and sashimi was extremely fresh and beautifully prepared.  They went through in detail of each fish and how the chef recommended eating it. We loved our dinners so much we ordered a dessert too. It also was delicious. We loved the homemade ice cream. Will return in the near future!First off, the decor and design of this place is amazing.  Really beautiful.  The food matched the ambiance.  Everything we ordered was excellent.  Appetizer of Gyoza, tempura, and fried chicken strips.  All of which were great.  Yummy good sized avocado salad with ginger dressing.  Had a bunch of rolls for main course...the seven seas roll was my favorite.  Very fresh and well prepared.   O and don't forget, BYOB.  We will return!Excellent lunch special with quality sushi. For $15 I had my choice of miso soup or salad, 5 pieces of "chef's choice" sashimi, 1 California roll and a drink. In and out under 45 minutes. Outdoor seating was a little tricky but great spot.I visit the area often and this is one of our go to places. I am picky about sushi and this is one place that doesn't disappoint. We order several rolls to share along with appetizers and all have been delicious[Warning - may lose appetite over the details of the review, but I would avoid ordering any dish that contains mushrooms for a bit.]
It's never fun when you get a bug in your food. Especially when you have no idea what that bug is. And even more so when you're ordering from a venue that also serves raw food.
My company orders from Yanako (through Grubhub) once every two weeks for a big working dinner since last August. Up until yesterday, we had no major issues - the food is always prepped well and any issues are swiftly taken care of. We've ordered everything from salmon rolls to their tempura udon. Back when Chaaba Thai was part of the restaurant, their pad thai was great too.
We literally have a sushi place on the first floor of our building, but we still sometimes order from here because honestly this place serves quality food for a honest price. Nothing special, but quality ingredients.
In finding a bug - not a fruitfly or mosquito, but more of a centipede - tucked in my mushroom that was part of the chirashi I ordered today, I don't know if we will be ordering ever again.
I think the knee jerk reaction is to use ALL CAPS and give a one star to the restaurant, but after I notified Grubhub the issue, I was called within five minutes, and I had a conversation with Moon (the owner) of the restaurant in the next ten. After seeing and confirming the photo of the bug, she explained the entire process of how the mushroom is sourced and prepared and how bizarre this was. She sounded genuinely sorry and appalled at the incident herself, and she offered to comp me through Grubhub. She assured that the head chef would go through their supplier and figure out what happened.
Given all the good experience we've had with Yanako and the proper way the owner handled this, I'm happy to give this venue three stars.
I will keep this post updated based on what the owner/chef find out or reply back in regards to this.This place used to me much better. We got two rolls of sushi and the chicken teriyaki meal, both were average at best.Very tasty food, nice decor, BYOB, great service, good prices, and has a cozy feel.  Have dined here several times and will be back!I'm really picky about my sushi and had low expectations but we were pleasantly surprised. We found this restaurant on Yelp and decided to come here after seeing that Green Tea Creme Brulee was offered (one of our favorites). Our waiter recommended the amazing toro (fatty tuna) that easily made our meal! Portions were generous (huge steak of Salmon teriyaki) but still on the slightly pricey side. Our sushi roll was delicious as well. Decor was amazing so I definitely recommend this place for a special occasion. It's a cozy restaurant with BYO so the table of tipsy men next to us was definitely on the louder side. They were tolerable but I didn't realize how loud they were until they left and the ambiance for us completely changed. I wish the hostess had distributed the seating better as there were plenty of tables available elsewhere in the restaurant.Yanako is a nice quiet Japanese restaurant. Our server was punctual and attentive. The sensai udon noodles were very unique. There was a strange charcoal taste that works well with the soft noodles and fresh herbs. We also ordered the asparagus roll, a must for us. I would come back to try the other food items.went recently for dinner and had a nice time... the decor is nice.. there were not many in the restaurant and the service did not rush us ... We ordered a few rolls and the quality was very good... Prices are average for sushi... Nothing here wowed me but it was very good and I'd certainly go back...Delicious Japanese.  We went carry out route.  It did not disappoint.  Very tasty gyoza.  Delish specialty roll.  No one complained about warm and fresh entrees of katzu dan, tempura, and udon.  Cold night cures!Decor was nice, but the food was mediocre. The menu is overpriced. I was in a group and the waiter assumed we were paying together and put us on the same bill, which included an extra step for nothing.Really just not impressed. The food was good, but the sushi rolls were all huge and fell apart before I could eat them. It was too expensive for what it is. Can't say I'll never go back but I'd rather pay less and get more sushi.Really relaxing and calming interior and very attentive service (almost too much). The seven seas roll we share as an appetizer was fresh and  was a great texture combination. My husband prefers not to have sushi for entire meal and had the beef teriyaki and he loved it. I had the sashimi plate and was able to ask for a couple favorites that they had no problem with. An great addition to Manayunk!!Rule of thumb: don't go to sushi place on Monday.  Most places have not replenish their fish after previous weekend. 
Fish was okay, though they lacked toro. Sushi rice was a little bit dried (I guess it was made from the last portion of the batch).  Tamago was good.  
This is solid spot. I will come back, but not on Monday.Great sushi, good prices. awesome set upInterior is great, love the courtyard.
Oyster and sashimi are fresh.
Will try the roll next time.Not great Japanese.  I have high hopes for the Thai cuisine as what we all knew as Chaaba has merged with this restaurant although I think only until Chaaba's new location in manyunk is ready for business.Food here is mediocre except for the sushi. It is definitely one of the better places to get sushi, but it is also quite pricey here too. 
If you want to get quality sushi, this is the place to go, but also be prepared to pay $8 for 6 pieces of sushi.Service was very poor. We were served water after 30 minutes of being there and after asking three times. Food was average; my friend ordered chicken teriyaki and the chicken was full of bones and they forgot to serve the rice and miso soup!Almost 5 stars.  Quality of the fish and rice is spot-on, and even the edamame was slightly crunchy and nicely sweet.  Service was better than most sushi bars, and the BYO aspect was a refreshing change.
The only dark spot was when my wife was served her Udon noodles - she's deathly allergic to shiitakes and the menu did not mention it whatsoever.  When she noticed, the server was more than happy to take it back, and that's a good start, however, top notch service would have dictated at least an offer to remake it without or a suggestion of a replacement; none was forthcoming and my wife went without an entree.  Not a huge deal, but like all service quibbles, it's the part of the meal that sticks around after.Updating this review because of inconsistency. Menu says Philadelphia Roll and has no description. Commonly, Philly rolls are Smoked Salmon, Avocado or Cucumber, and Cream Cheese. Two times I have ordered this roll and it has had avocado. I ordered this for a third time and the avocado is missing. When I called the restaurant I was told this roll never comes with avocado. 
I am not sure what the real story is, I was told to ask for avocado next time. Perhaps the menu should explain the ingredients of the standard rolls if they aren't made with common ingredients. 
I also do not understand why I must wait at the front of the restaurant for a good five minutes while waiting for change and for my loyalty points to be added to my card. When it is busy, the front gets crowded and there is not much space in the lobby entrance area.
Either way, Yanako is a true gem in Manayunk and has excellent food.Phenomenal food. We did the gyozo dumpling, crab fried rice, and beef panang curry. All were superb. Place is BYOB, remember to pick something up beforehand!Excellent sushi spot in Manayunk.  Really cool decor / ambiance.  Great service.  Reasonably priced and extremely fresh.  Best I've had in a while.  I definitely recommend checking this out if you are a sushi eater and live in the area.One of the best interiors of philly area sushi restaurants, actually. The sushi is fresh, but a tad over-priced. Most of the rolls are tuna heavy, but they have a few nice vegetable items. You can get better sushi for the same price in center city, but anyone who lives in the area who likes good sushi will come here from time to time.It's pretty good. It's not great for kids - no children's menu. The atmosphere is chill. The decor is nice and it feels very clean in the restaurant. The service is okay. I once had a hair in my food, which creeped me out (but mistakes happen). The crowd is diverse in every way. I only went a few times, because I actually enjoy the sushi down the street at Manayunk Brewery better (and my sons can enjoy a kiddie menu).I was sat by the hostess and given menus. About ten minutes later was given water. We then sat for another 30 minutes before anyone spoke to us and we went inside to order food to-go. Somewhat apologetic, they did nothing for the inconvenience. Food was overpriced and not very delicious. Will not be returning.Fancy decor.  Yes, very much fancy decor.  Unfortunately, once you take your focus off of it, you begin to realize the value proposition of the food (price/quantity/quality) doesn't metric more than 3-stars.  Yes, I've made multiple visits and yes the food and prices have stayed consistent.  Maybe that is why I am finally writing this review and landing right in the middle...High quality sushi and Japanese cuisine from the owner of Chabaa Thai Bistro a few blocks away!  I am huge fan of sushi and was ecstatic when I heard Moon was opening a sushi place in Manayunk.  They did an amazing job with the design, decor and atmosphere.  The nicest looking place on Main Street.  Highly suggest it if your're in the area and looking for high quality sushi!Excellent dinner! Highly recommend the Crazy Noodles, they were crazy good. We also had  the sushi and sashimi plate, again very delicious. They make their own soy sauce and it was amazing!!  It has a light smokiness and isn't too salty. The house made teriyaki sauce was exceptional too! Highly recommend!!!Love this place for sushi for 2 reasons, the
Food and the Service!  Food is always amazing. We had the mini pork belly steamed buns as an app and the shrimp lollipops. Steamed buns were amazing and the shrimp lollipops came with a tartar sauce that was delicious. Sushi rolls were fresh and perfect. Our server, Chris was attentive and gave us great suggestions and we always love to see and chat with Art, who is a wonderful fixture both at Yanako and Chabaa.Best sushi Thai restaurant in manayunk. 
Typically restaurants that try to do two themes do it back. However yanako is an exception, somehow it all fits and the food and atmosphere is great.Food: We ordered the oysters, dumplings, and Yanoko signature roll.
- The oysters were delicious, fresh & tasty with a sauce that tasted of soy sauce, ginger and a little wasabi. It had a good kick to it. 
- Dumplings were perfectly crispy, hot and savory. 
- The Yanoko signature roll is my favorite there, it consist of shrimp tempura, asparagus, avocado and spicy tuna on top. Perfect combination of flavor and texture. 
Remember that this is BYOB. I forgot until we sat down for dinner! 
Service: My only critique is that the service is slow & it could be because a table for two has just enough room for two place settings and two rolls of sushi, so the server may not want to crowd the table but we found ourselves waiting for water throughout the evening.I was excited to try this new place in manayunk but ended up very disappointed with the sushi rolls. The atmosphere was nice but the sushi was very bland. The speciality rolls were overpriced for the size.  I will not be going back.good solid sushi place in manayunk.  didn't have some of the slightly more offbeat items I like such as toro or hamachi kama but what we did have was fresh and nicely preparedThe restaurant doesn't care about the customer,me and my friends have been there for almost two hours and no one came to ask us if we need something, also we have three people but they gave us a tiny table for two people. Worst experience ever, me and my friends left without having anything.This is my favorite sushi place in Philly! Everything is so FRESH and beautifully assembled. They make their own soy sauce, which has a delicious, smoky flavor. The raw fish is always fresh and flavorful, never chewy. I highly recommend the Manayunk roll! It has so many different flavored that come together and it's so delicious. 
They also serve Thai food here - I have only tried the spring rolls, but they were FANTASTIC. 
The service is always great, a tad slow during busy times but the sushi is well worth the wait.Love it here! The special told here are so yummy and fresh.  They often have special menu additions which are fun to try.  It's a byo and the wait staff are super friendly.  I have never had a bad meal or experience here.The food was great, the service not so much. 
We waited for the hostess to finish her text before looking up or greeting us. The waiter was very helpful and friendly, but for the amount of people in the restaurant the waiter was not very present. The food also took a very long time to come out with no explanation or apology from the waiter (I can remember them checking on us twice throughout the 1.5 hour meal).
The sushi was great (I'll get takeout in the future), but the chicken teriyaki was overpriced for the amount of food we received, same with the yakitori.  The chicken was fabulous, but not worth the price or lack of service. 
I'd recommend takeout or just getting sushi if you eat in.One of my favorite restaurants in Manayunk.  Service is always good and the sushi is fantastic.  Highly recommend the Seven Seas and Kimono rolls.  The spring rolls are also very tasty.  It is also BYOB which is a plus as there are not many on Main Street.Fresh sushi, gorgeous atmosphere, reasonable prices, attentive service, and it's a BYO. What more can you ask for? My only complaint (and really I should be thanking them) is that I'll never be able to eat cheap sushi again.
We ordered an appetizer, a noodle entree, and two of the special rolls - plenty of food for two - and our bill was less than $50. The restaurant really is gorgeous and transports you from Manayunk's dive bar atmosphere into a Japanese oasis.So happy to find this restaurant in Manayunk where the sushi is so fresh and the decoration simple, yet refine. Everything down to the green tea was excellent. We even had the mochi ice cream that was delicious. 
The price was also very reasonable. We will definitely be back.My husband and I love Yanako for the atmosphere and friendly service.
The food is good, but far too small for the price. We also dine-in or pick-up once a week and just moved here and are use to our beloved sushi spots giving us bigger rolls every once and a while when they see our constant returned service. That could be a little much to ask for from Yanako, but the rolls are definitely way too small and they really need to re-think their portion size.
If it wasn't for the portions, I would give Yanako the final 2 stars. Just too expensive for what you get!AMAZING SUSHI & BYO on Main St.  I love sushi and this is by far my new favorite place for Sushi in Philly.  The service is fantastic and prices are very reasonable as well.  Our server Chris was more than kind and accommodating.  The atmosphere is personal, cozy and vibrant all at the same time.  I highly recommend eating here!Hands down, best sushi in Manayunk! Sushi is my favorite food, and having recently moved here I was in search for a great (and reasonably priced) restaurant. Found it! The dining room is beautifully decorated, VERY clean and the staff are very pleasant. The sushi was incredibly fresh and beautifully presented. I highly recommend this restaurant!Love this place. When we are not here, we order it from Dining in. If you wanna treat your taste buds to a good time this is the place. And the service is first class.Food was great! Very fresh sushi! The soft shell crab roll was phenomenal! Our waiter Chris was very attentive and informative. Definitely recommend it!!Delicious upscale sushi place with amazing ambiance. Perfect for a date or quiet meal with family.Great Sushi joint.  Sashimi melted in your mouth!  Next time I am in Philly I will visit this place again!This is the best raw fish I've ever had, and I've had lots during the course of my overwhelmingly forgettable lifetime. They get really fresh fish and they cut it just right so it melts in your mouth.
My scalding hot GF and I got the sushi and sashimi platter for 2, but we substituted the California Roll out for the daily special roll, which was spicy tuna topped with scallop and tempura crunchies (I wouldn't be surprised if this is the best roll ever created by man, I'm probably ruining my laptop by drooling on it right now as I type this dumb review). 50 bucks and we were both full (full full, not just sushi full, you know what I'm talking about fatty).
Service was extremely friendly - except we left half a bottle of wine there by accident and they didn't drive it to our place, jerks! ;)Just moved to Philly and have been dying to find my go to sushi place-found it! After many misses, this place hit the spot. A little pricier than I would have liked, but the food was great and tasty. I will be backGreat dining experience. Super fresh and exciting menu. The head chef was extremely friendly and knowledgeable about everything they were serving. The uni was from Chile the oysters were pei-the chef cares a lot about the product they're selling customers. Will be returning. If you get a chance to try their crudos-they use a yuzu vinaigrette that's simply delightful.Five stars purely for the fact that when we were served our takoyaki, it didn't burn our mouth right away and I got to enjoy the flavors. 
This was our second time visiting. It is a great place for dates or even with the family. The first time my boyfriend's mom came with us and they accommodated all of her allergies, which was quite a few. The sushi I think is reasonably priced, especially for the quality and it's byob! We haven't tried that yet but next time we will definitely come prepared.Everything I've had here is great. Quick service, good food, byo. What more can you Ask for?Love this new sushi place in Manayunk! The staff is very friendly and the sushi is great. It's byob,  great for a date night or catching up with a group of friends. Try the Manayunk roll you won't be disappointed.Extremely fresh sushi, and the ambiance is incredible. Would go here if your trying to impress someone or just eat some bangin sushi, prices are expensive.
Recommend oceans seven roll and spicy salmonThis is my favorite local place for sushi!! The sushi is so fresh and it's a great place for date night or out with friends. They provide great service and are always ensuring customers are happy. I also love that it's byob. I always walk in and never have to wait for a table. Good local place if you like sushi. There are also other great selections on the menu for the non-sushi eaters.I have been here a couple of times, all I have to say is from the ambience to the great service, to good sushi, everything was on spot. Great sushi plus byob, I mean what more can you ask for, so I highly recommend the place, the question you might be asking yourself is why then you didn't give it five star, well cause 5 star will only go to a restaurant in Japan or Hawaii,  cause their catch is fresh everyday.We visited Yanako for a New Year's Eve dinner this year. I will say the decor and atmosphere is probably my absolute favorite of any restaurant on Main St.
We had various sushi orders and while everyone was pleased, I can't give Yanako the title of best sushi in Manayunk as that is still held by the Manayunk Brewing Co. in my opinion.
Still, a solid option for anyone looking for decent sushi at (slightly above) fair prices on Main St. Perfect for a date night.What the hack happened to Yanako? This sushi restaurant was my go-to for dine in and take out. Tonight I ordered 7 rolls only to find out that they shorted me one. I ordered and paid through the eat-24 app so I can't imagine how an entire roll was skipped. The host was respectful and had the staff complete my order, however, it took 20 minutes for the vegetable tempura roll. 
The real reason for my recent dissatisfaction is the lack of portions. It seems like with every month their rolls shrink. Here's what $54 of sushi at yanako looks like.
Otherwise the quality and atmosphere of Yanako is fantastic.Was dying to try this place after the rave reviews, and was sadly disappointed. Te sushi itself was ok, but the sushi menu selection was slim pickins'. The didn't even have the usuals, like spicy salmon rolls, unless you specifically ask to make it that way. Honestly, it was just overpriced and bland. The actual restaurant though is a really nice BYOB.So sushi is quite a popular food of choice in the city, you can never go wrong with sushi if you're undecided on what to eat. This place is small and friendly. I like the Japanese style table right at the entrance of the door, I haven't had a chance to sit there yet but I will soon enough. Their sushi is fresh and must try the green tea creme brûlée, it's delicious. Best of all, it's byob!OMG... this sushi spot is so cute and intimate! It's located in trendy Manayunk. Parking in that neighborhood is tough, but we lucked up. This was my 2nd time here, but first time for my date. I love that it's BYOB! The sushi was just ok. The entrees were a tad bit small, but filling enough. I'd def come back!When I crave sushi this is always the place that I go! Ive never had a bad experience yet, and I love eel and they have such a huge option when it comes to eel and spicy tuna. The east falls roll is always my go to!! highly recommend if you haven't triedGreat food and great service! Love that you can choose from the yanako menu or the chabaa restaurant. Went for New Years Eve the past two years and always have a great experience!While the beauty and thoughtfulness in the design of the restuarant blew me away, the food did not and that honestly surprised me! 
I am an avid sushi lover. Sushi and me have a love affair that I just can't quite quit and I am OK with that. So when I see a sushi place opening up in me I am all ready to get my sushi face on and get down and dirty with it. 
With that said, I was unimpressed. For the price, the sushi was just meh. It didn't give me any sensations or tingles it just was. I expected more because I was paying more. I ordered the spicy tuna, which is always a staple and how I gage a place, and it wasn't anything special and to me it honestly did not taste all that fresh. We had a plethora of specialty rolls layed about and everyone was dipping in and time and time again I was just... meh. Again, I was honestly surprised and disappointed. I believe the owner is the same woman who has Chabaa and that is a fantastic find in Manayunk. LOVE that place. 
The wait staff are super friendly and were VERY good at giving suggestions on their dishes, if it is busy they are super slow (expected and not minded) and sometimes not very attentive. 
I will probably give this place another try now that they have established themselves for a few months because every place needs some time to grow and I am hoping for better things the second time around!Food and atmosphere is amazing with 3 outdoor dining tables.
The service was great, too great! I felt they rushed the food a little.  We ordered an appetizer and after 2 bites our entrees were being served. Normally people complain service is too slow but I wanted to prolong the evening.  Anyway we were drinking wine we brought because its a BYOB and we wound up staying almost an hour after closing drinking outside with the other table.  The Manager was great about it and never once tried to rush us out.  I will def go back in the future.As a quick word of warning, you WILL have to pay a bit. However, if you want cheap sushi you should remember that it comes with a side of dysentery. 
I decided to journey there because they have Kitsune Udon, a dish I have always wanted to try and have never seen on a menu before. What else I found there was more than encouraging. 
It is few and far between that I find places which spend so much time getting the details right. I started off with a spicy tuna roll. It was smaller than I expected (six pieces about 2 cm wide) but had great flavor. The spicy sauce was well balanced and I have NO idea how they got that tuna to fall apart in my mouth.
The broth of the udon was nice, and the noodles were cooked well but it felt like it was lacking something. But what drove me crazy was a single piece of the Anago. (saltwater eel) The chef instructed me to not add any soy sauce or wasabi and it DIDN'T NEED IT. The eel was still hot, and with lime zest and sea salt. It was a practically perfect bite.
Overall, I saw a lot of thought going into the food. At an early dinner on a Sunday night it was startlingly quiet and service was extremely quick. I think I'll be spending a lot of time here.Finally Manayunk has legit sushi and its BYO, nonetheless. Yanako opened up less than a week ago and my girlfriend and I checked it out tonight. I was chatting with the sushi chef and he said the restaurant is from the same owner as Chabaa Thai (which is also a great restaurant). 
They were only offering a limited menu from the kitchen so we ordered from the sushi menu only. I started with a nice bowl of miso soup and the chef brought us some fluke sashimi with ponzu sauce on the house (great texture and pretty mild, excellent)
I wanted to get some toro but they didnt have any. The chef recommended the sea urchin so I obliged. It was my first time to have sea urchin and it was very tasty. I also ordered the spicy tuna roll (maybe the best spicy tuna I've ever had) and the salmon roll. My girlfriend got the shrimp tempura roll and it was solid.
This place is exactly what Manayunk neeeded. The prices are right and the sushi is excellent. I suspect this place will do very well once word gets out. I'll be going back next week for sure! Well done!Went there soon after opening.  Good yet overpriced food, and kinda bad service. The sushi is legit, but the roll prices were a joke. Don't go here with cheap hungry people like I did, disaster!! Might be worth another shot sooner or later.They do a good job with making interesting flavors mix, and clearly use good ingredients.  It's a bit pricey, but I feel here you're getting what you paid for.  The portion sizes definitely make sense for the dishes - go here if you're not expecting to gorge yourself on endless platters of food..My girlfriend and I were looking for some good sushi in Philadelphia that was close to where we lived and we stumbled upon Yanako through a simple yelp search. At first glance the restaurant was cozy and the atmosphere was nice, making it seem like a great place for a date. However, the rest of the experience went downhill as we ordered from the appetizer menu. We didn't get our agedashi tofu for like 30 mins and when it came out, it was presented in a deep dish that make it impossible to pick up the tofu with chopsticks, especially since the tofu broke the moment you touched it. Flavor was ok but nothing special.
We ordered 3 rolls, the softshell crab, black dragon roll (specialty), and eel and avocado. Took forever for us to get our order and the portions were smaller than average. The softshell crab roll did not taste very fresh but the other rolls tasted pretty decent. For a 40 min wait on the sushi, it took us about 5 mins to finish the few pieces on our plate and we were hungry but did not want to order anymore. The bill came out to be over $50, and we left feeling as if we had hardly eaten anything at all. I've been to most of the other sushi restaurants in Philadelphia, and this is probably the most expensive/smallest quantity that I've had.
Overall, nice location and interior, but slow service, unremarkable sushi, and ridiculous prices makes it a less than optimal place to have sushi.Another delightful find in Manayunk. Right now, we are very lucky, as a Thai restaurant is also operating within this Japanese restaurant. My selections from both countries were outstanding. I started with a perfectly balanced chicken Tom Kah soup. The coconut milk was not too heavy, and the line was not too strong. But dinner was the stunner! Salmon teriyaki beautifully cooked and presented with bok choy and grilled asparagus.  Sometimes teriyaki sauce is too salty. This was also very balanced...A perfect mix of salty and sweet.
The waiter was outstanding as well. He played along with our corny jokes and was extremely attentive.
Atmosphere is warm and modern. We ran out of room, but there is a dessert menu. Next time I intend to get the flourless chocolate cake with green tea ice cream!Food is not very good - there are much better sushi places in and around the Phila area for the same price. Service is inattentive.Some of the freshest sashimi I've ever had however this place is outrageously overpriced. It is the only quality sushi in the neighborhood so I see what they do it. I like the outdoor seating and love that it's a byob.Arrived late  (right before 2:30pm) for lunch. I ordered nabeyaki udon and it was pretty good. Nothing special, but really thank the server who greeted me and able to provide service to me. Next time, I will order sushi or rollsChabaa is currently also serving at Yanako. This is my second visit here, and they have good Thai food and sushi. The restaurant is deceivingly bigger than it looks. It's a really cool layout. Sushi bar is on the first floor, and there's a second floor that overlooks the first. 
The first time I dined here I ordered the king crab fried rice. It was a good portion and full of lump crab meat. You can adjust the spice level on request. I also ordered the spicy tuna roll. It was very fresh. 
Last night, I dined here for my second time. I ordered the crazy noodles with beef. It was excellent! I quickly devoured the whole plate. The plate was full of veggies and meat. I tried a spice level 2, and it was the perfect balance of sweet and spicy. I'm glad I tried something different. 
The restaurant is BYOB, but there's a $3 fee for one bottle of wine and $5 for two or more. 
I do have to say that the service does make you feel a little rushed out. The waiter stopped by our table about every five minutes. We were in and out under an hour.The quality of sushi has gone down. The service also. There were flies in the refrigerated sushi bar for the 2nd time I visited. This is no longer my favorite sushi place in Philadelphia but an average convenient place for better than just rolls for avg white people. Sad. Guess they took on too much on with the new restaurant down the street.We have now been here 5 times and while previously our service from wait staff has been subpar last night Chris was awesome! So friendly and attentive- hope that this service keeps up; hostess, managers and food were always great but awesome service while dining was what was lacking- Chris props to you for changing our minds on Yanako! Other servers take noteHad great sushi last nite.  Gyoza is to die for.  Oyster appetizer was wonderful!
Was upstairs for first time. Very comfortable.Been here long time ago and the food was impressively good and authentic. The seafood don was both a savor in taste and vision. Tempura was appropriately fried. Lunch special is more economical but would definitely try dinner next time.Great sushi place! The food was amazing and the interior is just as good. Great wait staff. It is going to redefine restaurants in manayunk.First, the food: Best sushi I have ever had. Fresh; delicious; properly seasoned; ingredients artfully prepared and assembled. Good presentation. Fair pricing for the area--worth every cent for the quality and taste. The lobster salad on the roll we ordered really tasted like lobster (unlike most places). Nice variety on the menu. Not just blah green tea--gunpowder. Second, the ambiance: Awesome decor. The sushi bar has skylights and is decorated to feel like a courtyard. Pretty cool. Good service too! Highly recommend.Great sushi and teriyaki chicken. The restaurant was well designed with bamboo and authentic Japanese decorations. The atmosphere was a little bit lacking though and the restaurant was very cold. We would go back there though for sure.I have visited this restaurant multiple times, I give it 5 stars because the food is great, and it's byob, the staff is very knowledge about the menu, since my date does not eat gluten. Very helpful. The spicy tuna sandwich is absolutely amazing! However that don't have it over the holidays. Definitely my go to sushi place.So this is my local Sushi joint and I came here because it was convenient and I had OK service here in the past that being said I'm sitting here tonight drinking sake out of a water glass there is nobody using a sake glass and they continue to tell me that there are no sake glasses available this may be one of the most ridiculous situations I've ever dealt with in my life how can you be a sushi restaurant and not have sake glasses available. Additionally this is the second time the waitress just came up to me and said she's 86'd on two of the items that we have ordered how do you not know what you're 86'd 
before you take someone's orderJust as amazing as I'd remembered.. only this time I had the steamed buns. I've literally wanted these pillowy sandwich creations for years now but for some reason never came across them. Well I need to come across them every day for the rest of my life. I obviously don't have a standard guideline for these things, but Yanako's were incredible. The pork belly didn't feel super fatty (which is a texture I can't deal with) and the flavors were just incredible. Even my hesitant friend agreed. I'm so happy I have this place at walking distance to my house (even if my wallet isn't)Great BYOB sushi place. Somewhat americanized aesthetic but an authentic flavor experience. (a fun nostalgia trip for a former military brat)
The platters are fantastic and full of flavor (I got the sushi and sashimi platter, had to work through the sashimi because I'm not a fan) and service is excellent.have received 22 health inspection codes and they still charge crazy amounts for their grossly mishandled fish. disgusting i'm never going back to this place!Good but a little pricey. But I don't think it was good enough to be that pricey based on what I ordered.
So the maki lunch special is $15. It includes soup and three rolls- one of the rolls is a cucumber roll. I decided to upgrade to an avocado roll for a $1 more. The other rolls were California and spicy tuna. 
The miso soup was fairly small and not overly flavorful. The rolls tasted fresh and were enjoyable but did not knock my socks off.
My experience ordering takeout in Yanako was pleasant. There was one server handling the lunch shift who approached me immediately when I arrived. She was friendly, pleasant and able to handle my takeout order and tables dining for lunch at the same time.
I wouldn't necessarily go back for the maki lunch combo but I liked what I saw in the restaurant. The wood paneling was inviting and relaxing. I also saw the chef handling a full, probably fresh, fish at the sushi bar.
Maki combos aren't usually the stars of a sushi menu anyways so I would be certainly open to giving some fun rolls and dine-in experience a try to get the real flavor of Yanako.One of my favorite sushi places in Philly! Everything is super fresh and the menu is on point. Love that you can order Japanese as well as Thai food. I'm vegan and there's plenty of options for me. It's BYOB and you get an ice bucket to keep your drinks cold. Our service has never been a let down!The best sushi I have ever had! New to the area, I called this place and placed an order only to get much more than expected! Great service as well.Visited on New Years Eve for dinner, which it was fairly busy so I suggest making reservations. A special holiday menu was available and offered a multitude of well crafted options without losing the flavor of Yanako. 
Our dinner started with two holiday appetizers: tempura spicy shrimp and steamed oyster, which was a great choice to start the night. The tempura spicy shrimp  is similar to bang bang shrimp with less spice and better flavor. I originally was not too excited about the steamed oyster, but the serving in broth with lemon grass elevated the dish. 
For the entree part of dinner, we ordered the Manayunk roll, a holiday special seafood roll, and vegetable roll, and were not disappointed. All 3 rolls tasted very good, however I noticed a few cuts were uneven in portioning, but not overly noticeable difference in size. 
On a previous visit we had ordered the Manayunk roll and vegetable roll, so from experience these were must order items. The holiday special seafood roll sounded interesting from the description as it was topped with popcorn lobster, which was similar to a very crunchy tempura. As always, we were not disappointed in trying a new item at Yanako and the only surprise was how large the roll was!
I will plan on returning in the future and look forward to our next night out at Yanako.The sushi may be the best I've had, or at least I can remember. And I've eaten a lot of sushi, in a lot of places.
The sashimi melted in my mouth. The atmosphere was pleasant, and the interior design was attractive.Great atmosphere for Japanese cuisine on Main st. We thoroughly enjoyed the sushi and the salmon bento box that we ordered for lunch. The fish is fresh and flavorful, and all the supporting ingredients and entourage were equally well prepared, and enjoyable. I'd recommend this place to anyone looking to sample different types sushi for a very fair price.TREAT YO SELF!
Its Fresh. 
It's BYOB: Bring a lovely bottle of wine
‍It's got great service time after time. I usually have the same two male servers and they kill it. So friendly and fun!
Decent environment. Decor is modern and cute. Makes you feel like you're outdoors. Downside: Upstairs gets really noisy on a busy night. 
Dining in? Sit at the bar. Like in most sushi places, you get the best service in front of the chefs. You still get a waiter, but I always suggest saying hello or introduce yourself to the chefs, they are all incredibly skilled. Plus it's always better to be social, friendly human beings. 
Taking out? Quality is still pretty darn good time after time. Presentation is still artful and intact. GrubHub will scoop it within 30 mins if you can't pick it up yourself.
Yas.Our server was fantastic! He was very attentive making sure our water glasses and hot tea were always full. I wish I knew his name because he was so kind. The sushi was very fresh and came out prompt so I thoroughly enjoyed it! We didn't get too creative with our selections only ordering basic tools of shrimp tempura, spicy tuna, spicy salmon and a crab roll but it was delicious. Thank-you!(4 stars) My friend suggested we visit one of their staple eating establishment for lunch. I posed no argument. The restaurant is decorated nicely with a warm cozy casual feel, yet has a hint of romance with the optional "take your shoes off and sit on the floor" Japanese style dining.  It's customary for me to let the person taking me to their favorite place to decide on the food. I was not let down with the tofu green curry and seven seas roll. The curry is rich and creamy and it goes down with such a comforting and soothing feeling. The tofu was firm and fresh and the peppers and bamboo shoots were a perfect compliment. They just nail it with a calculated blend of spices and heat to make this dish one of the bomb curries around Philly.  
As for the sushi, being half Japanese I always am a bit apprehensive about eating at a sushi place where they sell multiple style Asian foods, because 9 times out of 10 it's not run by a Japanese owner or Japanese chef . Unfortunately, this mentality came from my mom and always lies in the back of my head, although usually doesn't sway me enough to try a sushi spot my friends recommend, even though i can see it's not Japanese owned and operated. My friend told me the back story of how the Japanese restaurant and the Thai restaurant merged to make Yanako. With that new piece of information I was more than interested and even excited to have a mixed Thai and Japanese lunch. 
The Seven Seas roll was a very good choice to compliment the curry and rice. It comes with tuna, yellowtail, cucumber, tobiko, and tempura crunch on the inside and avocado and spicy Aioli sauce on the outside. The fish was fresh, mouth watering and the roll was tasty all round. It's well balance texture combined with the right amount of spice and crunch make this roll a winner even though it's a tick more than $15. With the green curry, the total for lunch came to $34 with tip.  Split between two people, it's a knockout lunch for a reasonable price.
Service is a bit sloppy, slow and unaccommodating, hence the 4 stars. But that aside this is a gem of a spot.Yanako is a great choice for sushi in the area the only thing bringing down my start count is the service... It's quite bad.
We first tried out Yanako about a month ago on a Saturday night, we realized it would probably be busy but not so busy that we couldn't even give our name, reservations only. We took a seat at the sushi bar as we didn't mind. Our server, a young man with glasses, was very friendly but far too busy- he was scrambling all over. Sitting at the bar we saw our sushi be prepared and then sit for atleast 10 minutes because our server was to swamped to pick it up.
We tried again this past weekend (reservation this time) and was welcomed by a nice hostess we were taken up to our seat and given water by I believe the manager she was super friendly and chatty. Finally 15 minutes of sitting there our server arrived and literally said nothing aside from did you decide- no hello no nothing. The sushi makes up for the poor service because WOW it's great but hope the restaurant takes note of the changes that need to be made in service.
All in all great sushi but don't come here if you are on any sort of time frameI have found my new favorite sushi spot in Philly.  The miso soup actually tasted fresh and the Seven Seas sushi roll was butta'!  And my wife's salmon teriyaki was ridiculously good!  Plus, the ambiance of the of the wooden decor was simply amazing!!!  Will definitely be visiting again.Exceeded expectations. 
The space transforms your experience upon walking in. You forget that you've just walked passed the same old, same old Main Street Manayunk bars and the bustle of traffic and noise.  Now you are seated in a serene atmosphere crafted out of a blonde wood, clean lines and well designed little nooks. It's intimate without feeling cramped and it's romantic without really trying too hard. 
We ordered the seaweed salad (not on menu but they have it) and gyoza dumplings to start. The salad was fresh and the dumplings were melting in our mouths.  Pan fried and crisp, piping hot and bursting with flavor with every bite. My only complaint is that a lot of restaurants give you 6 or even 7 dumplings and they left us craving more with 5. :) 
We ordered the beef negymaki, spicy tuna roll and the Seven Seas specialty roll.  My fiance couldn't yet over how amazing the spicy tuna roll was. I don't know what they did to make it so tasty but it was probably the best I've had. 
The Seven Seas roll was just so fresh, the fish was excellent and the tiny bursts of crunch and the richness from the avocado was the perfect combo. 
And for those of you who haven't tried the beef negymaki, please do! It is thinly sliced and seared beef wrapped in sliced scallions, sushi roll style. So much flavor, so tender and an excellent contrast to raw sushi rolls. 
Our server was friendly and efficient. Yes, there is a $3 corkage fee for the BYO but I would so rather pay for my own favorite wine and then pay a small upcharge to enjoy it at a restaurant then 1) choose from an often times crappy wine selection or 2) in the event they have wine that I enjoy, pay their huge markup. 
Definitely worth a date night. Definitely suitable for entertaining out of town visitors. And heck, they do carryout too...so definitely the perfect dinner for a night in. 
I wish I had some of those delectable dumplings for breakfast right about now....Fantastic place to get great sushi in Manayunk! Wonderful environment, detailed decoration and nice service. Maybe it could be a little pricy, but you will definitely enjoy the experience.Yanako had excellent quality sushi, large rolls and a reasonable price. The delivery was quick; I will definitely be ordering again!Glad we tried this place!
Me any my wife like to eat Thai food. We haven't had any in years and we decided at the spur of the moment to try out this place. When we went in the staff were friendly and the place was clean. Definitely liked the interior decoration, but felt that the seating was too close to each other to enjoy any privacy. 
I got the green curry with beef and it was spicy. By the middle of the bowl my nose was running and I felt hot. I definitely enjoyed it and it had so much flavor. 
My wife ate the red curry one with chicken and hers was much more mild and it also tasted great. 
We did try the appetizer of the chicken on skewers with peanut sauce and we were impressed. 
We definitely want to go back and would highly recommend this place to anyone who likes Thai food.For my 100th review, I'm happy to be able to give 5 stars to my new favorite sushi spot. Right smack in the middle of bustling Main street Manayunk is this adorable oasis of tranquility and raw fish. Immaculate, thoughtfully decorated, with friendly, spot-on service. The sun beams down onto a traditional Japanese roof above the sushi line, with solid, comfortable seating up front. No flimsy chairs or skimpy table settings. The chopsticks were actually heavier than (the cheap ones that) I'm used to handling, and it took a few minutes to adapt! The rolls that my friends and I enjoyed were all deemed wonderfully fresh and delicious. Creative signature rolls as well as all of the regular options.
My only gripe is the temp. AC was blasting and we were shivering by the end of our meal, to the point where it was a relief to walk outside into a 92 degree day.
BYO, I think!I would love to eat here.  It's a little pricey. 
However, the only issue I have is that the staff seems to forget to change the sign suction cupped to the door from closed to open.  The "hours" sign says they are open, door seems to be unlocked, the sushi chefs are seen to be working.  No one in the restaurant.  I look at them, I look at sign, they look at me, I look at sign again.  Yeah, this was super fun in the rain.  Well, at least I was entertained.Absolutely adorable place. My wife and I came here for lunch bento boxes. Everything was delicious! Definitely a great date spot./TL;DR  This place exudes zen. To say the interior is beautiful would be quite an understatement. It is absolutely astounding. Oh right... yeah, the food was pretty good, too.
/ATMOSPHERE  In case you missed it, this place is beautiful. I honestly would go back just to sit in the front window space and get a different view of it. The only thing that ruined it is listening to the sushi chefs talk about their weekend. In other words, you hear everything in there when there's no white noise from the crowd.
/FOOD  Pretty good stuff here but nothing stand-out.
/SERVICE  Full-service and friendly. Didn't know much about local attractions. I guess that's only odd to tourists. ;-)
HOW TO READ MY REVIEWS:
1 Star - Does not approach edible. Enter at your own risk.
2 Stars - If I'm in the area, I'd pick something else.
3 Stars - I would stop by if I happen to be in the area.
4 Stars - I would pick this place out of other places nearby.
5 Stars - I would go out of my way to dine here.Came here last night for dinner with a friend and was absolutely blown away by the quality and the value. The restaurant is beautifully decorated and tranquil. (It would make a great date spot.)
The staff were friendly and capable. And the sushi! We ordered the sushi-sashimi platter for two. The fish was perfectly fresh, firm, and delicious. The pieces are cut generously and when I was done eating my sashimi I felt perfectly satisfied but not over-full.
The restaurant is BYOB so next time I will bring a bottle of sake to accompany the meal. As much as I love Center City, it's nice to be able to get great-quality sushi a bit closer to home.I really enjoy this restaurant! The sushi rolls are not my all time favorite, but the spicy tuna sandwich is awesome! i have not found this kind of sushi appetizer anywhere else, and since it is on the happy hour menu it is a great price for a larger portion. I think I like it better than regular spicy tuna rolls.
The Udon soup was also really good. Prices are decent, with the happy hour menu being your best deal. The space is a nice atmosphere and the staff is very attentive and friendly.So... I was a little confused when I arrived. I wasn't sure about what restaurant I was eating in! There are 2 signs outside. One for Yanako, and another for Chabaa Thai Bistro. Apparently Chabaa was located down the street and they are closed for renovations, so temporarily Yanako is serving off both menus. We ordered off the Chabaa menu. I ordered the Pad Karapao (Spicy Basil)- Stir-Fry comprised of colored peppers, onions and garlic. I ordered Chicken as my protein. If you aren't great with spice, this dish is good choice for you. It's just a hint of spice, just enough where it doesn't over power the food. Delicious!! I was extremely happy with my dish. There was plenty of meat in my lunch portion and I was happily full when I left. I have seen other peoples photos from Chabaa, and the plates were decorated beautifully. None of our dishes were dressed up in any way today. Maybe they dumbed it down while they are housed at another restaurant. I plan on coming back again to actually try Yanako's dishes, and will return to Chabaa again in their new and improved location! I also would like to add that the decor is lovely here. I loved the high ceilings and the plants growing on the walls. Great for date night!!!!The food here is awesome. I really liked Chaaba and was sad to see that it closed, but yanako has a lot of the same thai food on their menu. I have tried most of the curry dishes and they were awesome. Most recently I had a sushi platter of what our server described as regular sushi fish with an assortment of exotic Japanese fish. I think it was the best sushi I ever had. The crazy noodles are also amazing. While we were there there was only one server, so it was a bit slow but she was super friendly and the food was more than up for it. I would highly recommend this place to anyone that enjoys sushi, thai, or Japanese food.I'm not really understanding the hype of this place, but we did enjoy our sushi here last week. Byo was very nice as well. I wouldn't say it was anywhere near best sushi I've had and for the price of the speciality rolls, I would much rather go into center city and get some real sushi variety going on. I guess they had to make up for lack of bar revenue?
They were definitely good despite my gripes. The ocean one (with spicy scallop) was our favorite being fresh and tasty. Other rolls we got were pretty subpar and the seaweed salad we got was pretty typical and not so newly made. Service was pretty scattered but servers were nice at least. Overall I just don't want to pay $18 for a specialty roll when there's nothing special to it and freshness not kicking you in the face good. This ain't New York or Cali guys, take notes from the other better sushi places in Philly.I got a gift card from my dad for Christmas for this place. My girlfriend and I went there last night and it was very good.
The service is friendly, the food came out quick and it was hot. 
I got 2 sushi rolls (avacado and asparagus) and they were decent. 
Kind of pricey if you ask me. But for the location it's worth it! Will definitely go back.This sushi bar is the best around. Their quality sushi prep and product is the reason why I have tried new things, such as eel, and now thoroughly enjoy them. They are a BYOB which is amazing. I believe I've been here about 4 to 5 times and have enjoyed the service each time as well. (Takeout included). On a side note: the chicken skewer appetizer is not worth the price.Yanako is a decent sushi spot. The sushi is fresh, but  a little overpriced for what is. I can't complain too much though, it's just that growing up eating west coast sushi has spoiled me a tad. It's so hard to find amazing sushi in the Philly area!Had dinner in this lovely place with friends 
I love the ambience with plants and candles,bamboo interior
For weekdays they are pretty busy
The Sushi is pretty good
And i had the beef appetiser forgot the name it was the bomb 
Pretty expensive for 4 pieces $15 and you cook it under the hot stone
The owner is own chaba thai resto as well 
Very nice people 
Would recommendI ordered take out.  They were friendly and fast upon me walking in and even thought I had a large order, it took about 20 minutes! Excellent! 
The portion on the lobster tempura entree was large! You definitely get your money's worth and it was delicious! 
One of my favorite rolls would have to be the Manayunk. It is a must try. It was fresh and the favors were spot on!  
I am glad I live in the area and will be getting delivery so I can try more things on the menu. You can't order delivery through the YELP app. Diningin.com. Is where you go. They also have a points program to earn toward free food! 
Great classy place without the classy price!Three friends and I came here last night for dinner to celebrate the newest addition to our sorority family.  We wanted a classy/slightly upscale vibe, great food, and a personal-feel environment; and that is exactly what we got.  BYO was a plus, and our waiter was very attentive to our glasses.  We ordered the edamame and dumpling appetizers and they were both great.  The Miso soup was good, pretty much the same as I've had at other places in the past, and my sushi roll, The Manayunk Roll, was to die for.  The prices were not astronomical, they were what we expected.  It came to around $25 per person including the tip.  For a classy night out, I'd say that was pretty great!  The decor was beautiful.  Definitely will be returning here soon.Really like this place.
Very fresh fish and neatly prepared dishes.
One of a very few Japanese restaurants in America that actually do a good job of mimicking sushi.
I like the interior of the restaurant.
It gives out a 'we're trying really hard to look authentic' vibe.
It's my new go-to place whenever I feel like some good fresh sushi.Big fans - site of our rehearsal dinner.
They do a really nice job and the service is top notch.
I am not a huge Japanese food fan, but Yanako is exceptional. 
Great decor, fresh food and good ambiance.LOved it and this is my go to for Sushi in the Roxborough area! can't wait to go back.Went here today with my boyfriend for lunch. We were literally the only people in the restaurant. Fortunately,  our waitress didn't hover and gave us our space. We got gyoza, chicken teriyaki bento box and salmon teriyaki bento box. As a white person from Connecticut, I thought the food was really good and can't wait to go back. My boyfriend, a Japanese man, didn't think the food was as good. He said he enjoyed everything but he said that there were plenty of other places to try.Reasonably priced, nice atmosphere and awesome food & BYOB.
WHOOP! Just be careful of how much you drink, the food is good/healthy and lean, it won't soak up the drinkies like a burger and fries would. 
SERVICE: eh unfortunately. We came here on a Friday night with a group of 5 of us. We asked for some more time to look at the menu and our server gave us a HUGE eye roll when she turned away (surprise server, we saw it!). Not professional. We also had to ask for an extra place setting multiple times...and I had made a reservation...to me that should have been set up already. I understand there are good and bad nights to serving, especially Friday nights, so I won't base my impression of the restaurant on this one interaction at the same time it looks like other Yelpers were not happy with the service either which is probably saying something...
FOOD: Although I found the service really mediocre. Everything else made up for it.
What we ordered:
Edamame
Spicy Tuna Rolls
California rolls
Green Curry (AWESOME! and spicy)
Signature roll with scallops and spicy tuna ( AWESOME!!!!)
Fried Tempura
Presentation was really nice, and the rolls were tightly rolled which is good.
ATMOSPHERE: The atmosphere was warm, and all the other customers seemed to be enjoying themselves also. You could easily dress up and have a nice dinner date, or you could be casual and neither would make you feel out of place. It was pretty hot & humid that night, the air conditioning wasn't on and it definitely shouldn't have been.
I will be back!Sushi was fresh and delicious, decent pricing although I do wish the rolls were slightly larger. The host was very pleasant and the restaurant was clean and welcoming. Will definitely be back!Very enjoyable experience. Sushi was great. Ordered the "sushi for two", lots of variety and had no problem swapping the California roll for something different. 
I would give it five stars but there was one thing that really irked me. My girlfriend and I were celebrating a special occasion and bought a very good bottle of wine that we had been cellaring. The waiter uncorked the bottle and took off with the cork. We didn't intend to finishing the bottle with dinner and were planning on taking it home to finish. When it came time to leave the waiter had to find us a cork, who knows where he got it from. Maybe I'm being snobby but it's kinda gross.I had been there many times prior to tonight but usually just got sushi. Tonight I ordered the soba despite the mixed reviews. It was awesome. I'm glad I didn't let the reviews stop me. My husband got the salmon teriyaki, which was perfect. We got some rolls, which as usual, were delicious.  I'm glad this place is still doing well after all these years.Finally!!! I am so thrilled to see a high quality, attractive sushi restaurant in manayunk! The fact that my favorite restaurant owner(Chabba) opened this just makes this restaurant 5/5! The decor is superb and you can see that a lot of thoughts/love went into getting this place opened up. The food was so yummy. I got nothing but LOVE for this place.Came here on with a friend who lives in the area, and she told me this is the best sushi place around and I couldn't agree more. 
Pros:
- Beautifully decorated sushi restaurant with a relaxing vibe 
- Pretty good quality sushi, fresh and delicious
- Offers various options of sushi, salads etc with a fair price
- BYOB is always a plus, friendly service is definitely a value added
Cons:
- Not a spacious restaurants and parking might be hardHands down the best sushi I've ever had. I also had the Tai, which was UNREAL. The scallops were cooked perfectly. The waitress was great, super patient, we were enjoying ourselves since its BYO. Would recommend it to anyone!I just wanted to make sure this restaurant gets the 5 star rating it deserves. The quality and taste of the sushi and sashimi is by far the best I have ever had in my life. Given I haven't traveled to Asia, I have been to sushi restaurants all over the east coast and this place is definitely number 1. The food here has basically ruined sushi for me everywhere else because it's that good, so consider yourself warned!My fiance and I had dinner here last night for our anniversary. We were the only folks there for a while, since it was early on a Monday, but it was amazing. Usually I feel mildly uncomfortable in a restaurant that empty, but the layout of the restaurant and our server made it feel cozy and private. We ordered the pork belly steamed buns, two basic rolls, and three signature rolls. Start to finish, everything was amazing. The spicy salmon roll was the best I've had anywhere. I also loved the Almond Joy roll. Honestly, everything was incredible. This was probably my ideal dining experience, both food-wise and service-wise. Our server was friendly and we never felt like we were without something we needed, but he also knew when to leave us to ourselves. We just moved to Manayunk from Center City about a month ago and I'm SO relieved that the sushi joint in town is incredible. We can't wait to go back!I've had my eye on this place since it first started making press. When T and I went to Manayunk for the Fall Food Truck Festival, we peeked in the windows, grabbed a menu and it sealed the deal. We had to try this place.
We went on Saturday night and were seated in the upstairs section. I'm not sure why they filled the upstairs and left the downstairs area empty. I would think they would want passers-by to see a full restaurant but maybe they don't want to discourage walk-ins? Next time I would request a table on the first floor. I like seeing what's happening outside. But we were seated next to the balcony which had FABULOUS bird cage chandeliers which I must find for our own home ...
Now on to the food. To start T had the clear soup which was loaded with seaweed and very salty in that good miso way. Not your usual clear soup with French's crunchy onions and a few sad little scallion slices. I had the tuna sushi appetizer (don't remember the exact name and the website isn't working at the moment). Incredible. The tuna (bluefin?) was incredibly fresh and so succulent. Each slice had pea shoots, a teeny slice of tomato and a dollop of kizami wasabi. Really complex and layered flavor and I could have eaten about a dozen more.
For dinner we had two rolls each. T had the South Seas role (tuna and yellowtail inside, avocado and spicy sauce on top) and a spicy tuna roll. I had the Yanako roll (shrimp tempura, avocado, asparagus inside, spicy tuna on top) and the shiitake and cream cheese roll. They weren't rolled as tightly as you might hope but who cares. What was inside was delicious and worth the extra pinch of chopsticks. To me, the great thing about these rolls was the layers of flavor. The rice itself had great vinegar and sesame taste. The spicy sauce was zesty. The tempura batter was salty, crunchy and delicious. We enjoyed each bite. T also got two pieces of sushi, yellowtail and inari. He said the yellowtail was one of the best he's ever had and the inari, which we've searched for in other places but haven't been able to find, was a welcome discovery for him.
To finish we had chocolate lava cake with a scoop of ginger ice cream. The ginger ice cream was very powerful at first but once you mixed in the sweet richness of the lava cake, it was excellent. A great treat for the end of your meal.
I'm definitely hoping to go back. BYOBVery underwhelming. Everything that I ordered left so much to be desired. 
The seaweed lacked balance. I had so many chilli flakes in my teeth that I could barely tell what was seaweed, what were sesame seeds and what was chilli. The miso soup was bland in color, bland in taste. So bland, in fact, that the soy sauce that I added did absolutely nothing. The edamame was not properly steamed... it could have steamed for an additional 5 minutes at the very least. 
I won't get started on the rolls. The eel sauce, nor ginger... nor soy sauce could save them. 
Sad day.Great little place on one of the main drags in Manayunk, definitely family friendly and relaxed. We got the sushi for two platter, which had a little kick due to tiny bits of wasabi hidden throughout (loved that). Bring a good bottle of white wine and enjoy!After walking past Yanako several times I decided to go in. Always thought it would be an overpriced sushi spot, but that notion became untrue.
First, the service was excellent and the waiter was very helpful and knowledgable. The sushi was fresh and very affordable. Would also recommend the green tea, which is homemade. 
If you want good affordable sushi in a restaurant with nice decor I recommend Yanako.Very high quality sushi with interesting rolls. There's an authentic tea room you can rent out for parties, and it feels very calming with the all wooden decor. The staff were all very nice and helpful with our order. Also the Takoyaki dumplings are life changing.This place is awesome! Went for the first time a couple days. The spring rolls were awesome so crunchy and tasty. The sushi is so fresh and the fish was amazing. I tried udon for the first time and even though I wasn't a huge fan of the noodles and some of th stuff in it it was still tasty and packed with flavor. 
Overall this place is great and I can't wait to go backWe're sushi snobs from California, so we were skeptical when we were taken to Yanako.  We lost the chips on our shoulders after our first dish, escolar sashimi in a delicious sauce.  From standard salmon skin hand roll to Seven Seas and Manayunk roll, everything was excellent. The sushi chefs were a little slow in preparing the meal but the server, Chris, was great.BYO sushi and Japanese restaurant in the heart of Manayunk. The decor inside is very nice and stylish. Went for the sushi platter and was very good - fish tasted pretty fresh. Also had some tempura shrimp and veggies that were crisp and flavorful. 
They also do take out, so another great option when you need your sushi fix.Pros: Cute ambiance, wide-range of japanese food on menu, clean udon broth, attentive servers, BYO!
Cons:  unqualified high price tag. ~18 for specialty rolls that aren't too special, & TINY portions for sushi appetizers. $18 for pad Thai when it's written on a paper menu with stains and rips. I've been here 3 times and usually paid ~40 per head that should've cost 15 elsewhere. Don't get me wrong, I've dropped a bill for sashimi and such when it's worth it, but the food here is not.I went here today for my sister's birthday and wow. The best sushi I have ever had in my life. The customer service was amazing they are so welcoming to everyone. I will never eat sushi anywhere else againIf you are looking for the best Thai food not only in Philly but most likely the state and region, this is the place. Small menu as they merged with Yanako but who cares, was originally Chabaa Thai. Have you ever had curry where the oil is seperated from the broth? That's not how it's done. Chef Krapugthong makes a perfectly creamy and balanced curry. I've been eating Thai food for 15yrs and this is the first place that knows how to make a proper curry. Enough said....Oh. My. Lord. As far as interior goes, this is by far the cutest sushi establishment I've ever visited. My friend and I were a little late to meet another friend here, but she managed to save us the floor table window seat. Yes. Floor. Like short little table where you sit on your knees. Why can't I eat like this everywhere. Seriously, just come for the table. 
Okay so the sushi. I've found a new favorite roll. Considering how many places I've visited this is big deal. Go here. Order the seven seas roll. Wait patiently on your knees, and then face plant. Or don't. Those aren't the best manners, but just eat it. The black dragon and manayunk special rolls also ended up on our plates and devoured in literally 4 minutes. Ask all my friends, the before and after snap literally had a difference of 240 seconds and 36 rolls. We were savages, but we were happy savages. Everything was fresh and delicious. I think most places have a little larger rolls to be honest, but the biggest issue was that we went ham and so I didn't get full somehow. Okay enough detail. Please go here. It's a little pricey hence the one deduction, but honestly that was expected. Come to the floor side.Yanako is amazing. 
Usually I don't like going to Japanese restaurant in America because I of Japanese Know real taste of Japanese.  But when I sow some pictures here in yelp , I was interested. They were using rare fish  in America  such as Iidako , hotaruika, and kohada.. 
Unfortunately there aren't them then. I guess It was different season. 
In spite of that , I felt  here is most close to real sushi of Japan I have ever been sushi restaurant in American,  I have had only several time, though . But I definitely think. 
I love all of here. Fresh and beautifulsushi with great way to cut fish. TheSkill of the chef is great. 
The ambiance and the design are great, calm ,and.  modern and old,  nice Balance of the interior . simple and natural like a Japan house. 
However I have one that's soy source should change another one. It doesn't much a little to sushi. 
Don't forget is BYO. I'll definitely bring my Japanese sake next time! 
This Christmas season , this town is a pretty cute :) It's a little far from center city but it's worth going to:) 
But to be honest I miss sushi in Japan lol If you want to eat real sushi you should go to Fukuoka prefecture in Japan. I promise that you can experience amazing sushi at a pretty reasonable price..Everything was delicious. My favorite was the almond joy roll. The creme brulee was outstanding as well. Service was impeccable. Will definitely visit this restaurant again.Love this place! I've tried many items off the menus. Very good food and good service. The wait wasn't to long.Ordered a bunch of different nigiri and rolls. A little pricey but the ambiance was clean and fresh. Only bummer was that we thought it was byob but we were charged a lame corkage fee.Supremely delicious food and excellent service! I've gone here twice now and without fail, every time has been delicious. I especially enjoy the negimaki and takoyaki appetizers, which are savory and melt in your mouth. The entrees were good, but compared to the appetizers, paled in comparison. The chicken teriyaki and pork katsu were yummy, but I'd go for the udon for a more satisfying meal. I also highly recommend the schuykill sushi roll--very creamy and the flavors meld together so well. The waiters are excellent too, very professional and attentive. I love that my water glass is constantly filled (a small thing that a lot of restaurants overlook!). The restaurant ambiance is quiet, intimate and calm--perfect for a date night.The sushi is always delicious, the service is always just right, and I love the decor. This is probably my fave place to eat in Manayunk. Plus it's BYOB!Cozy little spot, great for a date, or a night with friends. Sushi selection is tremendous, and is always fresh. If you're looking for something other than sushi, the Japanese Udon dish is out of this world. Great spot!Really cool looking place. I went for lunch one day and we are outside. We got a sushi boat for 2. I had never had scallop such I before and fell in love with it here! It was the best.
Overall very good sushi but a little pricey even for sushi.Great sushi and bento boxes - fresh, complex flavors and nice variety. Prices a tad high for the neighborhood.Yanako is the go-to for me and my boyfriend when we want something nicer than pizza but don't want to go too far out of our way. The sushi here is fresh and delicious, and they also have a great ambiance inside of the restaurant. 
The service here has always been great, and we love the quality of the rice that they use, both for sushi and the actual entrees. We usually order 1-2 rolls each and then split a pork katsu dish, which is not too oily, and fried wonderfully. 
Definitely try this place!Very expensive but delicious sushi! The place is cramped I must say, I'm able to reach over to the next table so I feel as though there's not much privacy.Yanako is one of my favorite sushi restaurants in the greater Philadelphia area, (the real good spots
are downtown, but it gets the job done!) The decor is beautiful though both me and my friend agreed that their elevator-type music could be a little more trendy to match the vibe. We ordered 4 speciality rolls and loved all of them. Beware of the Mardi Gras roll. It was type of roll that is so large that you need a jaw expander to fit the whole thing in your mouth. If you're on a date you will not look cute eating this roll, that's for sure. You've been warned, now go eat sushi!Ordered for delivery several times and ate here once and the fish is impressively fresh.  The sushi rolls are very yummy and the restaurant is inviting and the staff are nice. My only gripe is the price.  This is probably one of the most expensive sushi places in the area if you compare price per roll or per piece.  Also the fish slices are relatively small in sashimi and nigiris.  I would suggest eating here when you want to taste good fish but are not so hungry.This is the best sushi in the area. We haven't extensively tried their non-sushi dishes while the few we've tried are good. We regularly get their food delivered or in house....both ways it's awesome.Always delicious! This restaurant never disappoints - from service to sushi and everything in between! If you are looking for good sushi, you have to go here!I have great memories at this restaurant. It was love at first sight. I love the back tables with their high seating, very discrete and perfect for a date night! We've kept the orders very simple each time with Spicy Tuna, Salmon Avocado and other very basic maki rolls. The fish was very fresh, the miso soup has a very different taste than other sushi restaurants I've been to (more of a fishy taste) but it was actually pretty good. I love beautiful decor when going out to eat and Yanako does a great job with keeping the decor very simple. Last server to help us was a gentleman with dreads (wish I knew his name) ,he was very polite and worked pretty fast. Definitely recommend :)I keep walking by this place saying I need to try it sometime and I finally did last night!
The sushi was delicious and amazingly fresh. We had the Seven Seas, Manayunk, and Black Dragon rolls, as well as some Maguro and Saba sashimi, and Gyoza for an appetizer. OH and the green tea creme brulee for dessert! Not a single complaint about any of the food, I'm glad I finally had the chance to eat here and am happy that I have a good sushi place right down the street!
The decor was beautiful, especially the big vegetation wall opposite the sushi bar. It was an intimate setting and there were only a few other tables filled on the bottom floor where we were. Our server was great as well.
Only weird thing (and I'm not docking points for this) is that the bathroom on the bottom floor is through the kitchen, which was a little awkward. I didn't find out until later that there's actually a bathroom upstairs, which I would've preferred to avoid hanging out in the kitchen :)
I will absolutely be back to this place for sure!The staff were really nice. However that statement goes out the window when they inflated my bill by adding one dollar to each menu item that we ordered times 3 people.
The witch soup was disgusting &they served me a burnt spider roll.  There is one oppoturnity to make a first impression last. When I'm in the mood for Sushi the next time I will pass this place by.Ordered three sushi rolls for delivery and received no soy sauce with them. I was left to eat 18 pieces of sushi without any soy sauce to dip it inThe food is absolutely out of this world!!!!! We did the duck, the 3 orange salmon and for dessert the Japanese cheesecake (the cheesecake is the most delicious that I ever had)A beautiful BYOB restaurant located on quaint Main Street in Manayunk. The sushi rolls are artistic, fresh, and delicious albeit a little on the expensive side. I love the Green Field, Scallop Canopy, and vegetable tempura rolls. The pork buns are also very good. Try to be seated upstairs where it is a little more quiet and intimate.