I live next door to Yard's so am in there all the time.  Everyone who works there is really nice and cool to talk to.  Beer is awesome - Philadelphia Pale Ale and Love Stout are my favorites.  Food options are somewhat limited, but they are all very good (esp the Buffalo Sausage sandwich).  Free pool and shuffle board, as well as free tours on weekends.I'm a fan of beer and of history, so when we got here and found that much of the Revolutionary series is based off of actual beer recipes that were brewed by the founding fathers, I was very excited to try them.  They did not disappoint, and the other beers we tried were good as well.  
But really - this is the beer Ben Franklin was making and drinking?  How awesome is that?  I'm absolutely going to dig up some historical beer recipes for Jason B. to brew at home.
The bartender was awesome, and also gave us great advice on where to go for dinner in the neighborhood.Good lunch. Big, spacious area. We liked the new site. Reasonably priced. Also parking is available.
Waitress was great.Definitely come here to try fresh beer! I came here with my cousin because I have never been to Yards. What a great time it was, we tried all of the different brews that they had to offer, and the staff was knowledgeable and very, very friendly. I think Yards is definitely underrated when it comes to craft breweries. They speak authentic and love in the golden deliciousness they brew and deliver to the great people in Philadelphia! I will definitely come back and this time I will bring more people because it is such a great time. I didn't get to try their food, but I plan n grabbing a bite and a pint next time I come there. Cheers!!The beer is good there and the interior is big and roomy. The bathroom kinda smelled if you had to sit over by it and we did for a bit but had to move. We didn't have the food the kitchen was closed. If you want to try a few good beers this is a good place to try.Yards Philly Pale Ale always does me right...tastes awesome, its at most quality establishments, and puts my mind and body at ease. They make a bunch of other great brews: ESA(Extra Special Ale), Saison, IPA, and Love Stout- Just to name a few. I never got to take a tour of the Brewery, which I heard had a pool table(awesome!), and unfortunately I don't think I will be able to with the current split and relocation of Yards. One can only look at this in a positive light. Now we have two great local brewers(Yards and Philadelphia Brewing Company)instead of one.A terrible experience. We had seats in the main area at large communal tables  then we're forced in a small windowless room with at least 10 screaming infants, overly inquisitive toddlers and their parents cluttering the walkways with their strollers. BTW this brewery (alcohol production facility) attracts every yuppy and their brats from neighboring NoLibs. The beers are underwhelming for the modern pallette, the food is obviously sandbagged, and their service is overly controlling and minimal in a bad way.  Save yourself some time and money and take a 20 minute train to Tired Hands. Maybe if I wasn't shoved in the side room that could have just been my friends basement that was hosting a mommy and me session I'd have a more positive review.Visiting from California and I have to say, the beers aren't bad in the least! Will gladly come back!I was really looking forward to yards' revamped location on Spring Garden. However, I was quickly disappointed when  I saw that the space was no longer a tap room. It is now a restaurant with a substantial fifteen minute wait for draft orders. Now the eight bar tenders are mostly committed to filling orders at restaurant tables. I did not try the food so I can not comment.
Also not that the new space is not bigger. The restaurant is a bit smaller than the Delaware Ave tap room. I can not recommend this location.Excellent chicken sandwich. Excellent beer. I am a veteran with a ESA and they were friendly and accommodating.Yards is the best. 5$ pints, 7$ flights. 
Yards makes well balanced beers, their IPAs are one of the few US made 
IPAs that I can drink.  Very traditional, not over hopped like so many IPAS.
 Their Beers of the Revolution  are amazing.
I lucked out on a day when they made a German Dunkel, awesome. I wish
they would make more lagers and German styles, Tom Kehoe can do no wrong.
The man is a beer Genius.I just realized that I have yet to post a review of YBC.  To start,  my family has been coming here mostly for Sunday funday.   More recently,  however we have stepped up our game.  Yards has grown from a secret little place known only to a few,  to an almost full blown bar.   (There's even been rumors of a 2nd tasting room)
Yards has never disappointed me or friends that I have brought here.   They are so amazing that I actually proposed to my girlfriend here in front of a packed yards crowd.   (She said yes).  
Now to what people really want to know... how's the beer?  Well I can say that their beers are a wide array sure to please every palate.   Their pale ale truly lives up to their "what philly drinks" slogan.   Tavern spruce is absolutely a brew you never knew you were missing.   Honestly I could go on and on,  but you should come here for yourself maybe catch a glimpse of Tom Kehoe, and if not take a tour on Saturday and Sunday.Great food and beer! Bratwurst was great and we got good recommendations on what beers to pair our food. They also have a lot of limited run beers on tap. The chili was a bit watery but had good flavorI love this place. 
The guys behind the bar always know what they're talking about and are always willing to help make a suggestion or recommendation and usually throw in a few free beer samples if you're undecided on a beer. Pints are usually always $5, and you can't go wrong with that.
The brewery has a small kitchen menu, mainly a handful of sandwiches- but the local food trucks outside of the building is where it's at! They encourage you to bring the food truck grub straight into the brewery so you can enjoy your food with a great paired craft beer.
There are free tours on weekends (I think only on Saturdays running every hour).  
Parking can be a  bitch, there are times were we've had to park at Sugar House Casino and walk over, but it's only a quarter mile. 
Oh, and how could I forget the free billiards and shuffle board??Definitely enjoyed my time at Yards!! Took the tour while we were there.. Knowing my boyfriend is a beer enthusiast I've been dying to take this tour to try to learn & appreciate beer as much as he does.. Seeing the process & time invested into this craft makes me appreciate the culture a lot more.. Plus being able to sample some beer was a bonus! Yards Pynk by far is one of my fav beers & I just so happened to be lucky enough to have a nice glass of this perfection that day!! Will definitely be a returning customer!! If you're visiting Yards & haven't done so already I definitely recommend taking the tour!!The beer and atmosphere is awesome but the food--yikes. The chicken from the fried chicken sandwich was a weird grey color and the sesame seed buns had the nastiest aftertaste ever. The venison chili was pretty good though. Also--we requested to watch the Ohio state game and they said they never change the channels! Boo  but the place is huge, I love the beer and the look of the place. I would come again but I wouldn't order food or come to watch a game.3 stars for food, between 4 and 5 stars for atmosphere and drinks. In my mind, this averages out to a solid 4. 
Open setting with the old factory look going on. Exposed ceilings, wooden high top tables, long tables in the middle to make you feel like you're in a food hall. This place kind of reminds me if the Troegs Brewery in Hershey except the waiters come to you and you don't have to stalk people for their seats.
Even after a few months of being open this place still gets really crowded in the evenings. I went with my boyfriend's family around 12Noon on the Saturday that it was 8 degrees. There were a surprisingly decent amount of people here for that time, esp at a place that doesn't do brunch. And it was cold AF. I don't recall seeing any open tables when we left. 
Beers are ok priced, about 6 dollars and flights were 7. They had two themed flights and I'm not sure if you can mix and match them. I would have liked to concoct a flight of my own from their seasonal beers. 
The menu looked great but the food itself wasn't too impressive. The Reuben fritters were pretty neat, basically like a deep fried little sandwhich the size of a tater tot. I could never order the pork belly in my life again and be happy. Way too much fat and not enough meat. 
My biggest issue is with the smoked cheddar bratwurst. Why, oh why, would you ever slap a sausage between a LARGE roll. The bread to bratwurst ratio was was off. The sauerkraut was everywhere. Before I even took a bite the bread got too soggy to hold everything in and things got real messy, real quick. I would have liked some real cheddar cheese on it too. I'm waiting for the day that I can be impressed with a bratwurst sandwhich. Until then I'll keep being mildly disappointed but still eat the entire thing anyway.So closeby to where I live and absolutely always an amazing place to grab food and drink with great beers and free tours.I miss the old Yards... the ambiance, the food, the location, the people.  Totally different vibe at the new Yards.  I will not give the new location a bad review because of my love of the old location and the hope that it will possibly re-open as a satellite Yards :) ??????? (5 stars for the beer)  I am also hopeful that the foie gras fries (?) have been removed from the menu... foie gras should not be on any menu.3.5 stars.
$5 all beers, even the very high gravity ones. Don't go on the tour unless you're really interested in learning everything about beer.  It was a 45 minute tour with only 2 free samples.  They do have a menu but we went on a Saturday and they only had soup and chili. They directed us to the food truck outside and we did get to munch on some tasty poutine.  
Not too much seating, some larger communal tables and a huge bar to sit around.  Definitely a place to hang out with a big group, not so much for intimate conversations.  Good place to hang out on a Saturday afternoon!I love this place. They have a nice pool table, the place is huge. They do tours and are very friendly. MY favorite part of this place is the different beer flight options available. PRetty cool stuff. I never had the food. For the kids they have root beer. Im not a fan of root beer but it gives options and its a huge sized cup.This was my second time at their new location on Spring Garden Street. It's a major upgrade from their old location on North Delaware Ave. The facility is much bigger and they have a nice outdoor area to sit and play corn hole. Inside they have a big bar and a sitting area that looks like a beer garden. They have a game room with pool tables and televisions to watch the Phillies games or any other sports games that are on. The beer was tasty like usual and the guys there do a great job at pouring the beer! Unfortunately, I wasn't a huge fan of the Bavarian pretzel since the texture or skin of the pretzel seemed over cooked but didn't taste burnt. It was probably just me, it's something I wouldn't order again. The atmosphere and service was very good. I recommend visiting Yards Brewing Co. if you're ever in the area.Came here while I was visiting Philadelphia. A fun place to go if you're new to the area!
Right when I came, they were doing a tour of the facility. Pretty sure the guide was having a blast doin it a little tipsy. Tour lasted about 20 minutes, but we probably walked only about 20 feet total. 
After the tour, we got the classic flight and the ales of the revolution flight. In my opinion, the classics were all WAY better than the Ales of the Revolution. But still, both were only 5 bucks! What a deal!
We also ordered some chili and a buffalo chicken wrap, and both were better than we expected! The Buffalo chicken wrap was on spot and went well with the beer! 
I'd definitely come back here again if I lived in the area. They also have a pool table for the regulars!Love the new place. Great beers in a friendly atmosphere.  Menu is small but great for a brewery. After all it should be about the beerI enjoyed coming here for drinks after lunch with my boyfriend and his mom and brother. This place is very nice and spacious with a lot of natural lighting. We ordered all three flights (one of them wasn't on the menu but it was like an IPA flight or something like that). My favorite out of everything was definitely the Yards Philly Ale.
The service was great as well and I loved that they had a pool table for us to play with.Awesome tour.  Tour guide was personable and the tour itself was very informative.  Plus free samples!  Beer itself was average but worth going for the tour alone.  Bartenders were friendly and attentive.Wasn't completely thrilled with the new Yards Brewing Company. Not sure what the hype is about. We had an hour wait (75 minutes when all was said and done) but we didn't mind as there was room at the upstairs bar. The service there was good, but we were in the corner and felt confined. I've always and still do like Yards beer, but to me it's good to very good but I haven't purchased anything that I thought was fantastic. Since we were hungry we ordered a few apps before dinner. I got to try 3 items. The fried potatoes were very good and the cheese on top was really tasty. The pickled vegetables (house made pickles) were too vinegary and I really couldn't eat that many of them. The pretzel was good, not great. For dinner we were seated downstairs in one of the side rooms. It was very loud and reminded me of a cafeteria. The waiter was fine and attentive. For dinner I had the fish and chips. The fish and mushy peas were good, but the chip were the same cut potatoes that we had for the app except without the cheese which made them so good before. Overall it was the atmosphere that dropped it down to 3 stars.Just hosted a rehearsal dinner at Yards for 65 people. Wonderful experience. Zach was great to work with. Excellent venue for a casual large gathering of bride/groom families who had never met. Easy transition from socializing to eating, back to socializing. I did not actually take tour after dinner, but some of the guests did, but I assume it was good!  Highly recommend for medium sized event!
Yards also recommended a caterer, Mike, at Diverse Catering, which I would also highly recommend.  He was very good to work with, and food was awesome!  Mike has a friend, Rick, who may be able to help with centerpieces if needed.  He did some fabulous floral pieces in beer bottles!  Wish those guys lived in my home town-I'd entertain a lot more!I was EXTREMELY disappointed by my experience at Yard's. I was with a large group at a table, and we waited a very long time to be served our first round. Over an hour later, we could not get anyone's attention to order a second round. Some people from our table got up and went to the bar in hope's that they would have better luck there. However, the bartenders refused to serve us there since we had a table. As a result, a majority of our table only had one drink in the two and a half hours we were there. I think three people out of our 15+ person group were able to somehow get a second drink. To make matters worse, when our waitress finally returned she informed us that our table had been "cut off" and handed us a check. Over 80% of our bill was food...not alcohol...because the service made it impossible to even order more. We were all baffled. This was a cheap way for them to clear a table so they could get more customers in the door. I live only a few blocks away from the brewery. A lot of people have been asking if we've been there and what we think. I will not be recommending it to anyone. This last trip left a very sour taste in my mouth.The tour was a little limp but the beer and the bar area were both fabulous. Also, the food at this place should not be skipped. It might look simple but its delicious. So delicious that I straight up yelled and my drunk and starving fiance for eating too much of my grilled cheese.... but really dude, get your own and stop eating mine - its delicious.My experience here was awful. I will never go back and would not recommend this place to friends of family. Went with a large party and the server wouldn't split the bill up. They ran out of almost everything on the menu and was forced to get the crab cake. The crab cake was inedible and the roll it was served on tasted and looked like it was bought from a grocery store, which is highly likely because they ran out of almost everything on the menu. $16 for mush and a store bought potato roll is ridiculous. The wings my husband ordered were soggy and inedible as well! The potato's came with an aoli sauce and it was basically mayo, absolutely no taste to it. We ended up eating none of the food They even ran out of Sparkling water.  $60 spent. What a waste of money and time! I will not be coming back.This is truly an amazing brewery on the outskirts of Philly.  They're moving within the next few months, and will once again remain guess where?  Yup, in the outskirts of Philly.  It's definitely a must to check out when visiting Philly.  They provide tours of the brewery about every 30 minutes and the tour guides are really funny and informative.  It's fun to see what goes on behind the scenes.  The beer is really good and there's an abundant variety.  The environment is trendy and hip.  Try to get there early since the parking lot fills up fast and the street parking will get you angry.  I'd give it 5 stars but have to stick to 4 because they don't serve food over the weekend since they are really busy and cannot keep up with the orders.  They do have a truck food vendor outside which alternates every weekend with different food but it would be nice if they at least had a very limited menu inside so you don't need to go outside (especially in the winter months).  Even if it were just fries or chips or even pretzels, just something to nibble on with beer.  Also, the guided tours are amazing but in the end, you're stuck in a freezer -- no, not a very cold room, but yes, an actual freezer.  It'd be cool if they provided some Yards Brewing Company warm clothing to temporarily wear.  Amazing place!I moved here from out of state and have been in Philly for 6 months now. I fell in love with this beer and drank their brews often. Until recently I had a run-in with one of their bartenders who was rude and arrogant. When I wrote the company about how a dedicated customer was poorly treated by one of their people, I never received a response.
So long Yards. It was fun while it lasted.We had the best tour guide.  I definitely recommend taking the tour.  We came here after trying the colonial sampler at City Tavern.  So glad we did.  They have very low priced flights of beer so you can decide what you like.  The staff is enthusiastic and knowledgeable.  I am not a big beer drinker but my husband says everything was awesome and the growler was his favorite.  I tried their rootbeer and it was great.Great place!  Friendly staff and high quality beer. The Belgian Thomas Jefferson is outstanding. I would highly recommend this place to anyone who enjoys great beer and smiling faces. Check it out on a Saturday when they bring in food trucks fore some delicious grub to go with your beer.This is always one of my first stops when in Philly. Everyone there is so friendly. The beer is good and so is the foodThe home for Yards' beer.  This is a large space with big tables and open room.  The bar has seating for 28 +/- people.
Beer - (this is the reason why you are here) of course they have all of Yards' regular and seasonal beers. There is always a cask beer, during my visit it was their IPA.  There are limited releases and "brewery only" beers.  Beers are served in 4 oz, regular (10oz or 16 oz determine by the style of beer) and growlers.  Flights are available, they have standard flight selections or make your own.
Food - they have a small menu but better then average bar food.  Sandwiches, soup, cheese plates and small plate options.  I had their bison chili and was very pleased.
Swag - they have tons of swag. T-shirts out the wazoo, hats, stickers and stuff for your dog.Not being a beer drinker, the bartender was very helpful assisting me to pick out the perfect beer, pouring me many samples.  Nice neighborhood and locals are friendly.   Had the barbecue pulled pork grilled cheese sandwich, which was yummy!Had an awesome visit on Saturday. I went with a few friends around 1:30pm and we immediately got on a tour that was getting ready to leave. Because our tour group had about 8 of us, though enough samples for 40, we have some lovely libations as we learned about how Yards brews its brews. The tour guide was pretty good -- relatively knowledgeable, cute despite his Bieber haircut, and intent on telling us all about the packaging process, which is his usual job and which I found surprisingly interesting.
After the tour, we hung out in the bar area and there were a ton of open tables at that time. By 3ish though, the place was packed and standing-room only. I imagine that's when there was the wait for tours that was mentioned in some other reviews. We got a few flights of beers -- each flight is 4 4oz sips for $5 -- great deal. I also had a grilled cheese, which was also $5 and pretty good. Their bread comes from a bakery that takes their leftover yeast (or was it hops or wheat?) and trades them bread for it -- nice barter economy. 
Would love to go back again for a tour of just to hang in their bar.Go for the beer, not the food. We went with group of 8 including kids. The beer selection was very good and we enjoyed sampling many varieties. The food was just OK. We tried the patty melt, reuben fritters, spicy nuts, wings, mussels, fried potatoes, and the hot pretzel. Everything was just average but the Wings were the Worst I've ever had in my life. They looked gross and tasted even worse. They were so bad we complained to the waiter and he took them off our bill.Really awesome tour. got a tour from mike and he was really funny and informative. the bar atmosphere was cool and the drink prices were not that bad. does get very crowded thoughWent to new location open only two days.
To preface this I did like the original location a lot.
Arrived by Uber and went to go in. There is a wait to get in. Well no trouble, they kept us outside on the sidewalk IN THE RAIN!
NO SHELTER from the pouring rain. You have to be kidding me. Just to buy a beer?
So 20 minutes of standing outside on a curb, in the rain getting soaked and they know it because they are standing INSIDE LOOKING THROUGH THE GLASS AT YOU. Great!
So once you are nice and soaking wet we will let you in to be OUR CUSTOMERS AND PAY US MONEY!? If I was a manger, or worse yet an owner at Yards, I would be mad as hell MY CUSTOMERS HAVE TO STAND IN THE RAIN WAITING FOR ANY REASON. Welcome to 2017, nobody cares about the personalized service, or common decency to their customers anymore.
So went inside and to describe the location would be to say this is the New Yards Warehouse. Gone is the charm and coolness of the original, hello to the corporate logos and the cookie cutter type workers that you can go anywhere to get. 
The bar is undersized, AGAIN! I understand the original location had a limited size bar, but you have the chance to build a brand new one, with good potential and you didn't.
I have to give some props here though. The bartenders, (about 8 of them) were fast and courteous, and were good with helping more than just the first layer of people at the bar.
Even the floor servers were excellent. Asking if they could refill drinks and food. So yes, the servers were excellent. The managers walking around and delegating orders were off the mark, you can't leave people in the rain and expect any praise or patronage.
I am usually an easy person to please but there is something about being soaked walking around a warehouse that left me thinking about what else was close to go to.
You got the second star because of your servers were very good.
Beer, outstanding as usual.Really awesome bar/brewery!  Delicious beer.  Pale ale's my citrusy delicious favorite.  Their vegetarian chili is also awesome if you're there and a bit hungry!Peggy!!! Service is always a major part of a company. This woman and all the crew are great. 
The brew?! I've been to many breweries, and this one of my favorites. The beer tastes of passion. Yes, when one pours their heart and soul in it, you'll know the difference. I had 7 different kinds and each one was phenomenal. 
The merchandise was attractive and priced well. I purchased two shirts and will wear them often in California. 
The only sad and tragic thing!!! I won't be able to have any YARDS over in California!! If I could somehow support them in any way to venture toward this side of the US I would. I sound like I'm pimping them out, but honestly, it's just really great beer! 
Good luck and cheers!!!Realizing that this was the opening weekend, I am allowing some grace here. Service was very good, however that's where exceptionally good ended. Patty melt was overcooked and bread/toast was soggy. Wings had seasoning glopped on like from a spoon instead of glazed on. Salads were good, not great and did I say service was very good. All in I thought the prices were all too high for a very average meal. Beers are always good here, but didn't get a full fill on two rounds. I would not go back with so many other great choices in the area.We had good beer but the bavarian pretzel was like leather. The waitress took it off our bill but it turned us off from ordering any other food.Is it possible that I have yet to write a review for Yards?  Wow... evidence of what that tasty beer can do to you ;-)
Great place to spend an afternoon on a rainy or especially hot summer day - you get a free sample at the door and can meander over to the bar to order flights (there are two different flights - yes, you should get both!), pints, or growlers.  Can't beat the $5 pints, and the snacks are pretty good, too.  Don't get drunk - have a snack!
The tours are free.  The people are friendly.  There's shuffleboard!  
Go. Drink beer.If you're looking to have an event here and photography is important to you here's my perspective on what makes this place good and bad.  Yards a small venue with a laid back attitude.  The wedding I photographed had about 60 people and it was pretty tight.  Seems like they could handle maybe 100 guests for a seated dinner.  You'll want to call them up and ask as I'm not 100% on that number.  Don't mistake laid back with unprofessional though.  The Yards team had things totally organized.  I've been to places that are very militant and try to control every aspect of the evening.  These guys were flexible and accommodating.  The beers are great (obviously) and the food was killer.  I've photographed over 350 weddings at this point and I've had some bad food so when I come across a wedding hosted by foodies I get super excited.  After dinner was over one of the long tables was removed to make room for the dance floor.  It worked perfectly.  People who wanted/needed to sit, still could either at the other tables or the bar.  
The ceiling is dark and high which can be problematic from a photography standpoint (it's not as easy to bounce light off a black ceiling as a white ceiling) but any seasoned photographer has got some tricks up their sleeve to make due.
When it comes to locations there unfortunately just aren't that many inside.  Outside is a little better as it has kind of a cool urban feel to it.  We decided to do formals at other locations around Center City which worked out well.This was my first brewery tour ever. I don't know what to expect but I had a great time! 
Our tour guide was fantastic and explained things very well and let people ask a lot of questions. I loved hearing about how crazypants they are in striving to be a green brewery - totally crazy but wonderfully adorable (e.g. having an organization carry used barley on a bicycle to a large composting station - or something crazy like that). 
We got to try the Love Stout while we walked around on the tour. Afterwards, we hung out in the bar, ordered different flights of beer, some food, and had  a great time.
They have a spacious bar area, a shuffleboard table, all their beers on tap, and food on the menu. Plus, you can walk there from Northern Liberties.This place gets seriously packed on a Saturday!! Beers were good like always and even though we had to stand in line to grab an order for the beers, the line moved pretty quickly. We were lucky to find a spot at a long table and were able to drink our beers comfortably. Too bad the food truck had run out of most of their offerings by mid afternoon and we had to settle on tortilla chips and jarred salsa to munch on. Pretty nice brewery overall.What's not to love about the Yards Brewery? Go on a free and interesting tour and sip on complimentary beer samples, and then perhaps get a drink or two or three afterwards, hopefully with a group of good friends. There is a welcoming atmosphere here, and all of the affordable Yards brews you could ever imagine. I couldn't find one thing to complain about if I tried.A local brewery that makes several Revolutionary beers using recipes of the Founding Fathers. You can try them at City Tavern or try their whole selection here. I'm a fan of Poor Richards Tavern Spruce but the others are good too. You can have a pint or try a flight. Stopped for lunch and had the pretzel as an appetizer. The horseradish honey butter was so interesting and different in a good way. I had the roast pork sandwich with broccoli rabe. It was huge and very good. I couldn't eat it all. The sweet potato fries were amazing and I highly recommend them. Come for the beer and stay for the food. Good service too.I was impressed with the new Yards, big spacious place with game room on second floor, perfect to bring you kids...has an outside beer garden...the con is parking is a pain and can get crowded that forms an outside line...otherwise great spot!!!Great place to spend some time and eat. Has billiards and shuffleboard. The food is good and the prices aren't bad. New location is very nice inside. Give it a try.Great tasting room, it feels inviting and open and the best part is that they genuinely want you to enjoy yourself, no one there is pushing merchandise or tours down your throat.While Yards doesn't necessarily make my go-to beer, I do have to say that they've got a great operation going on. They have an excellent brewery and taproom, great distribution and tap representation in the Philadelphia area, and really get themselves out there socially and charitably in the community. 
I've been to the brewery and taproom a handful of times now and am pretty impressed. The taproom has a very spacious bar with tables available as well. The taproom could be a destination in itself. They have a wide selection of their own beers, which I would have to assume would be the best selection out there. I had the pleasure to have the Philly Pale Ale on cask yesterday, which had a hint of grapefruit. Did they take their own beer up a notch or what? I believe they serve food during the week and have food trucks come by on the weekends. I haven't done the tour in ages but you are going to learn a lot. It's neat stuff. 
Yards represents itself really well. Founder Tom Kehoe is always involved with events in the Philadelphia beer scene. I've seen him out and about before, and think that it's really cool how involved he is and how he isn't just a figurehead. Yards has various charitable initiatives, and does some pretty cool stuff socially. They have a running club that meets once a month and then drinks afterwards. What more motivation do you need? They recently started a ladies drinking group called Lady Birds Beer Club which also meets on a monthly basis. They make it really easy to want to go there and drink their beer. 
Philly is a pretty big beer city, and if you are looking to do one brewery excursion or pick a favorite brewery to hang out at, Yards would be it.Great beers, great staff, and a laid back atmosphere.  Plus, they close early so it's impossible to let the time slip away and stay too late!  :)Great place, great beer, great tour, GREATER tour guide! "Gently cascading" Mike was incredible, and made things really fun and light.  We came with a group of 8, and loved the whole thing. We can't wait to come back with even more people!Let me just start by saying that all of Yard's brews are great! I'm glad to support a local brewery!
My husband and I had our surprise wedding here on April 1st, 2014.  Our planning began just about 2 months beforehand and Yard's was more than willing to help. 
The space is a steal, and their event director is a gem. Zack answered my emails promptly, met us at the brewery several times to talk about seating and different aspects of our night. He suggested caterers and even kept our secret from all of our guests! 
Yard's made our wedding night the best! They had a private brewery tour for our 50 guests and made sure that the beer was flowing freely!
Some pros about renting this space for your party:
-Cost
-Local craft beer
-You can bring in whatever food you want (caterer or otherwise)
-knowledgeable, helpful staff (the night of the wedding the offices were open for my husband and I to 'hide' from our guests) and we had two staff members dedicated JUST to us
-small and intimate, you can mingle, have a small dance party!
-did I mention BEER that is made FIFTEEN feet from where you're cutting a rug?
In all, visit Yard's, check them out for your next event.Good beer. Awesome patio/park. Nothing beats drinking on a busy intersection and laughing at the pathetic cars rushing to their destination.
Plus, bottle cap openers on every fence post! Yes!Can't believe I lived here for five years and never came to Yards! It was a great Sunday afternoon spent drinking their delicious beers and taking the brewery tour. They have a full service bar and the tour itself is free. We had the seasonal flight today which was so good, highly recommend pynk and saison! Love the staff here and will definitely be back. 
The only thing I wish they had would be an outdoor area with games or even just picnic tables. This place fills up quickly and they only have one game table which was in use the whole time.This place Is amazing.  Went to Philly for a day and this was the closest brewery where I was staying so I decided to give it a try.   Super friendly staff, the two girls behind the bar were very helpful, they even gave us recommendations for other local bars to visit.  Had a couple apps and they were really good.   I will definitely will go back next time I go visit.The burger was excellent juicy tasty with bacon perfect burger me and my girlfriend enjoyed it
Many food items to choose from great food great drinks great placeCheck in on YELP and get a free pint! Yum! 
Wonderful tour guide, knowledgeable, humorous. Great sales man he makes you want to go out and order the bison sausage with bison chili that ate the beer refuse, on bread from a local bakery that uses the beer refuse.I really wanted to love the new Yards location but the disappointing food was hard to get past. The wings were a major disappointment and the pretzel was not warmed and rather small. I ordered the Miso Ramen and it was average at best. The location is large and it's a fun spot to meet friends for a beer but I'm not sure I would ever go back for dinner.Be prepared! They ID everyone who enters the building. We stopped in for a drink with friends before heading home on a Sunday and were impressed with the atmosphere, beer, and service... even if it did take them a little bit of time to put what we requested on TV, they eventually did! Everyone in our party enjoyed our beers & I'd like to come back to try the food.People will fight you for chairs! Lol
We went on Saturday and man oh man does this place get crowded! Locals are very loyal to this brewery But don't worry! A Huge bar with tons of tables and chairs. No food :/ 
jk, food truck outside! 
GUIDED TOURS EVERY 30 MIN (I think)
I totally forgot about the samples but Josh G. reminded me! SAMPLES AS YOU WALK IN! COME ON. That's brotherly love right there!
Philadelphia Pale ale and Brawler were decent but the real star is their seasonals! 
1. Pynk: Wow! This was SO GOOD. Not really a gose or typical sour level, but a nice sweet slightly tart sour. Deliciously hopped with real cherries & raspberries brewed in honor of Breast Cancer Awareness Month! Sale Portions are donated :)
2. Golden Hop: not bad, but IPAs aren't their strong suit. IPAs from PA have a very stringent taste too (E.g. Victory Brewing)
3. Trubbel de Yards: Hats off to their originality. Combining a Tripel and a dubbel, Yards invented..Trubbel! Spicy and malty. Pretty good! Could be a thing one day
Really delicious beer, good vibes and even guided tours! Keep it up Yards, can't wait to come back! Btw food truck outside is called Say Cheese!We went on a Saturday Night during march madness so the brewery was packed when we arrived. It only took 10 min to get a table. Somehow our server never noticed us so we had to flag someone down. The rest of the staff was so friendly and attentive. Go for the beer flights! They even have a hoppy flight that isn't listed on the menu.Great place and great bartenders. The outdoor area is well done, under the outside tanks and fenced off from the street. You can watch the production line through windows in the back. The tables and bars are as nice as other reviews said. There are too many beers to choose from, so it's good you can taste in advance or try a flight. There are a few nitro options too. We didn't eat, but the food coming out looked generous and good.Yards Brewings' focus is on giving the customer a complete experience with great views of the brewery and operations and lots of space for gathering, pre/post tour and just anytime. There are activities in the shared space (shuffleboard and pool) and they have added seating space over the years outside of the bar area.
Quality of everything is good, have all beers on draft as well as whatever seasonals are current. Service is good and food is limited, simple but very well done.
Service is limited as it is mostly self serve and self order at the bar, but the bartenders and other staff are very helpful.
Selection of food and beer is good. Obviously all the yards standards plus seasonals. basic food, sandwiches, etc.
Menu for food was small and basic but everything we have had the many times we have been here was very good; nice sandwiches, great bread from spent grains and nice mix of locally based eats.
Value of the beer is very reasonable compared to other breweries and nearby bottle shops;  food prices are reasonableI was really impressed with my first visit today for lunch.  The Reuben fritters are absolutely fantastic. We ended up getting a second order of them.  The pork belly kabobs were excellent as well.  I went rogue and got the liverwurst sandwich for my entree and it was delicious.  I've never had liverwurst before but everything was so awesome up to that I figured it had to be good.  My buddy had the best sandwich and he loved it.  The potato salad is vinegar based not mayo so not my cup of tea. Breweries this size often offer beers from other brewers which would have put this place at five stars for me. I had already had almost 95 percent of there draft offerings so it would have been nice to get something special for visiting the actual brewery. That said, make a point to visit. It's a beer lovers destination.So happy I finally got over here. We had such a wonderful experience. It was just a big fun room of community tables of people being all "ooo! which did you get?! ooo I can has?" and yes you can...for cheap too...awesome. Was able to take home a mixed case that was way less than a distributor and the bartenders were so quick and nice. Didn't realize how many other great brews they had. The second you walk in you are offered a beer from the host. Nice touch friends.Ughh... I've been agonizing over how I feel about Yards Brewing Company.  Here's my breakdown:
Pros: * Its a local business that has gained some popularity nationwide
         * Great feeling to support a local business
         * It has a parking lot
         * The tour is free
         * They serve food in the tasting room and the food ain't too shabby
Cons:  * I'm not the hugest fan of Yards beer in general.
          * The tour wasn't very informative- the guide seems like a wannabe comedian, which is fine, but I didn't come to hear a joke every 2 seconds.
          * The tour gives you limited samples- only two tiny cups, one of which I did not like (I don't drink IPAs, nothing against Yards, I just dont like that style of beer)
          * The tasting room gets really crowded- who wants to hang out after the tour if there is no where to sit?
           * The beer menu is hard to read-- in reading reviews, I see there was a $5 flight?  I totally didn't see that listed anywhere near the bar.  Oh well
Compared to some of the other breweries I've visited, I didn't feel like Yards was focusing so much on giving people tours and a chance to sample their beer.  They are more about creating a bar for people to hang out and purchase snacks and pints of their beer.  Which is a cool concept, don't get me wrong, but just wasn't what I was looking for in a brewery visit.We were walking on Sunday, September 11th from the Spring Garden El Stop to the Sugarhouse, when we came upon Yards at about 5:30PM.  Tours were finished for the day; however, we took a respite from the heat of the outdoors and had some drinks. 
It is a nice open room, that is very busy on a weekend afternoon.  They do not have an open kitchen on this day; however, did have a food truck outside and it looks like they have a rotating food truck schedule.   
The beer was good, the rootbeer was also very good.   The place was a great break on our walk.   
Although I do wonder why they have a kitchen that operates Monday - Friday; however, not on Saturday and Sunday.  It seems a bit odd to me to be quite honest, that they would not have there kitchen open on two of the busiest days of the week.The Yards brewery provides a free, educational beer drinking experience. I throughly enjoyed myself despite being the designated driver of the day. 
We arrived at 2:15 for the 3:00 tour on Sunday. My friends and I (2 beer drinking college boys) made of a tour of 15. The tour guide, his name was forgotten, was extremely friendly with a great sense of humor. The tour isn't too beer making information heavy. If you are a brewing phonetic you might not be as thrilled with this tour. But, if you like interesting historical and current Yards information then this is the tour for you. I can easily say most people on the tour consumed about 1-2 beers of free samples on the tour. So, it was a grand old time by all!
The guys had a flight after the tour. They are a decent price. All the beers and even cases are cheaper than you would expect at a typical bar. We shared fries from the food truck outside. It was the cherry on top of a pretty perfect day.
There is plenty of parking for the brewery so you won't have a problem driving. But, the alcohol runs strong at yards with them giving it away on tour. So bring a DD or get a taxi!The new Yards Brewing is a drastic upgrade over the previous space. There is so much room but it does get quite noisy at times. They have their mainstay beers on tap as well as a heavy list of seasonal beers which are great. There is also a huge selection of bottles that you can purchase to-go. 
The food unfortunately falls short. The menu tries to be varied in its course but I found everything we ordered to be quite lackluster. We started off with the wings and mussels, the former which wasn't as crunchy as I would have preferred. The long hot sauce was interesting though; reminded me of jalapeño chips. The mussels were surprisingly the best dish of the night. The broth had some depth to it but was maybe slightly over salted. The bread a nice addition, well toasted with good texture. 
The chicken sandwich and the patty melt, on the other hand, fell way below expectation. The patty melt was essentially a burger with a slice of cheese. Anyone who has had a real patty melt knows that a proper patty melt is grilled cheese with a patty in the middle. In the case here, there was only one slice of cheese and it wasn't even melted. The bread itself wasn't even buttered! The chicken thigh sandwich was a letdown as well. The chicken was borderline soggy and the poppyseed bun was trying to be too fancy with what should be a relatively simple sandwich. 
Beer good, food average.New location on Spring Garden...
The space:
I believe the decor is sort of expected and nothing very unique jumps out. Metal and wood, picnic tables and some high tables peppered around a central bar. Window views of operations. Skylights provide natural light. Another expected artifact is a very noisey space, as zero thought went into acoustics, so expect flashbacks of your old school cafeteria. 
Also, here's a real kicker for those of you who might need to work while eating/drinking, you will be cracking open your laptop at the bar, as the staff will not seat a table of one, nor have they had the forethought to accommodate those of us who need a space and a little free wifi to spend our hard-earned money contributing to the establishment's profits. Be sure to bring your personal hotspot and count on no elbow room, folks. 
The menu:
Fancy names for dishes make the pub grub menu silly. The minestrone was passable, but a bit oily. Burger was "horrible" according to our colleague, pulled pork sandwich was confirmed to be a sandwich, crabcake sandwich also described as "meh", poutine lacked a decent serving of curds, the potatoes should be fries, not chunks, and the gravy had the consistency of caulk. A whole new menu and a second chance for the chef may be in order, as they just opened. 
The beer:
Always good. Been a fan for years. Great selections.Finally had a chance to go here after saying for a long time I needed to visit this place! I always love Yards for their beer, so I wanted to check out the brewery. The place is a huge with a lot of tables to chill at and a long bar at the back of the building. My girlfriend and I were greeted by a friendly bartender who was very informative on the beer and willing to answer any questions. They have a great selection of beers from the flagship to seasonal brews.
I had a chance to try the Tavern Porter and Ale from the Revolution Ale styles. Both were great beers, especially the Porter. We also decided to get some lunch, and that is awesome due to not many breweries having food. The turkey wrap was delicious with a fresh salad on the side. The food is also pretty cheap there, so you won't have to spend much on a decent meal. The only issue is that it was a bit warm in there, and it felt like there was no a/c on. Still, it is an awesome brewery, and I want to return for a tour one day.The food is fine. The staff seems kind, yet overworked. They hosted an all white contingent of extremely racist and rude police officers yesterday afternoon. I was seated at the bar, and after being rudely asked to move to accommodate a few of the officers (by one of the officers), one of the officers looked over at the Black Lives Matter article I was reading on my phone, scoffed, and said to his friends "Jesus, let's go grab a table somewhere else." Hosting bigots is a bad look, YardsThis is a very fun brewery to tour. We were able to drink some samples while the guide keep the group laughing the entire tour. Brewery tours are mostly the same regardless of the brewery but the great staff really made this one memorable. The flight after the tour was also very good, and the taproom has a cool setup. You should definitely stop by if you're in the Philly area. Cheers youz guyzSo this was a bug undertaken for Yards and I commend them. The food is delicious, varied and the staff is warm. Most of the staff has worked from there Humble beginnings which is a plus in my eyes! Good loyal employees say volumes about a company! Last is the beer! It's never trendy yet it is filled with quality and consistency! Stand outs are Philadelphia Pale Ale! The foundation of the Brewery. The Russian Imperialis smooth but a new one I loved is the Barrel Aged Brett Sasion. For those visiting our fine city the Revolutionary Ales  are a must try! Good beers with America's history behind themAny brewery that celebrates the history of our country is excellent in my book. I have been there twice and it gets better each time.  I am a HUGE fan of their Ales of the Revolution. It's so much fun knowing that I am enjoying the brews that 3 of our founding fathers created. 
You have President Jefferson's Tavern Ale made with rye and honey, President Washington's Tavern Porter made with a molasses base and lastly, history's favorite booze hound and womanizer, Benjamin Franklin. This is my personal favorite. Benjamin Franklin's Poor Richard's Tavern Spruce Ale is made with spruce needles and molasses. It makes a thicker ale that have a sweet yet light pine note to the after taste. Simply Devine. 
On my first venture to Yards, I took the tour. I was honored to be shown the brewery by the founder and brewmaster, Mr. Tom Kehoe. He was incredibly friendly and funny. You can see my picture with him in my profile.  He also informed us that the brewery is totally green. It recycles everything possible, and they are powered by green energy. YES!
Mr. Kehoe, I love your beer! I raise my glass of Tavern Spruce to you and the future of Yards Brewing Company.My husband and I used the private event space to have a belated wedding celebration here in December.  We had a fantastic experience with their event planner, Zack, and his team.  Yards was in transition to their new facility as we were planning the event, and Zack was great with communicating with us along the way.  The venue was beautiful and service was fantastic.  The night before the party, we had a beer and a (yummy) snack at the bar downstairs - when I asked for the same beer upstairs the next night, they didn't have it but they got a pitcher of it for me even though I was happy to try something else, then kept the pitcher refilled all night! The team worked beautifully with our other vendors ensuring our cake, food, dj, and decorations were all in place.  I like to do everything myself so it is done to my standards, and Zack was adamant that I just show up and enjoy myself and they would take care of everything else - he was right! 100% would recommend Yards.Beer is great, friendly staff, and atmosphere is awesome. The only down side would be the space is small and gets packed often. Even when it is crowded the service is really fast. Overall this place and beer is awesome.Awesome venue. Beer is nothing to write home about. Wings were kind of sticky and weird. Cooked to perfection this. Labm risotto balls were beautiful but subpar. Pork belly, which is hard to ruin, was not good at all. Cole slaw was great. Bartenders were awesome. Great place to have one beer and move on.My boyfriend and I visited Yards twice. The first time, there was a folding table set up in a mostly-empty room where the tour guides poured samples for tasting. The beer was excellent: my favorite was the Brawler (an English session ale). I liked it so much that I bought the tshirt! (Which I get compliments on all the time, even from non-beer-loving friends!). 
The second time, we walked in and literally did a double take: were we in the same place? Yup! The brewery now had an incredible bar (which we were told was built from repurposed bowling alley wood), pool tables, and a big-screen TV. The beer was just as good. Definitely worth a visit if you're in the Philly area.
Plus, there's an incredibly cute doggie named Hops (awww!) who lives there.Met up with a few friends here as they wanted to try some Yards Beer. Im not a beer person but more of a foodie. I decided to give some of the food a try and order the daily special of beef stew with love stout.
The beef stew was absolutely delicious! The meat was definitely to my liking where it was soft and breaks aparr easy.
I also ordered the beef and bison nacho which was another good selection in my book. Everything was well portioned and everyone in my party enjoyed it a lot.Going to Yards Brewing Company has been on my to-do list for almost 5 years.  So glad that we finally took some time to get down there.
We arrived around 3 and since there were only two of us, the hostess graciously slipped us into the last tour group which was full.  The tour was hilarious.  I'm usually not one for museums and listening to how things are made but our tour leader had us all dying laughing while still giving an informative tour.  Extra perk- free beer samples on the tour.  The whole operation is really impressive.  Cool to know that something so delicious is brewed locally.
The bar area was extremely chaotic but fun.  There's minimal seating in a pretty open area with glass doors/windows so you can see all the brewing machinery.   Service was great, especially considering how swamped they were.  Don't envy those bartenders.
Prices were really reasonable for beers here.  They had some yards brews that I haven't traditionally seen around the city- Rye IPA specifically and some other version of the Thomas Jefferson Ale.  You can also buy six packs for really cheap and pick up cases if you're in the neighborhood in an express line.
I had a blast here and would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a fun weekend afternoon.  Once you're done you can walk right over to Fishtown and NoLibs to continue the fun.What is the big deal folks?
The beer here is very mediocre.
Nothing pops.
Yeah, the warehouse space is kind of cool but the brews nothing special.
Way way way overrated at 4.5 stars.I was here over the weekend and LOVED IT. My boyfriend and I did the tour as well. The tour was $5 each that came with a free beer and either a beer glass or bottle opener. Really cool to see behind the scenes stuff! Our tour guide, Christian, was hilarious and lively, making it an overall enjoyable experience !!!THIS IS A MUST GO!
My fiance and I have been obsessed with Yards beer for quite some time now so when we moved right next door we knew a Saturday brewery tour was not optional! 
The tour was extremely informative and fun! Our tour guide was hilarious and seriously knew his stuff! Yes, it's true there is free delicious beer! 
Get there when they open so you can get a spot on the tour and avoid disappointment! Even if you don't get a spot a recommended sticking around to grab a beer and food. Awesome environment, especially for a Saturday afternoon! :)
DON'T MISS IT!! :)Loved this brewery filled with many different options for seating and space for large groups. The food was surprisingly good. We ordered the barbecue platter, which was melt-off-the-bone delish! The Meats were perfectly smoked. My only complaint is that they don't have actually barbecue sauce (I like my BBQ saucy). Food was well priced as well. I do wish they had comfier seats than the long wooden benches without backs, but I guess that's what you get for a beer hall.Christian was one of the great tour guides I have ever experienced. One of the best beards and as a tour guide he goes above and beyond in the tours. Would recommend him if you want a fun, easy to joke with guide. My only regret was I could not rate him better.This place has definitely gone downhill since moving from their Delaware Ave location. Management and staff are very unwelcoming and create a very uninviting environment.Nice little place and friendly staff.
Wish they would open the pool table more though or shuffleboard.
Think they could work a.little otdoor seating though....only thing missing really.Okay, going from five to four stars probably isn't anything to be that concerned or worried about. I mean a four star rating is still above the average marks in Yelp land. But honestly, it feels like a drop much further (I contemplated three). I say all this when talking about the new Yards Brewery location.
I may not be a Philadelphia native, but the last few years that I've visited the city of brotherly love, I've dabbled in some suds from this brewery's original spot. It turned into a favorite of mine and I was mostly excited to hear about their moving to a new, bigger, area. Coming with a few of my fellas last Sunday made us want to check out Yards' new digs, and unfortunately, I can't say I loved it.
Yeah, things were definitely larger. I like that Yards can house more people by adding long picnic-style tables (beer garden-esque) and high top booths, but all of that has become waiter service. Why? Yards has now added a potent food menu to their offerings. I know, you might be like "Josh, what the hell is wrong with you? How can you not like this set up?" Well, when you know what Yards used to be and what it is now, you might not like the change.
I enjoyed that rugged, small town feel of the old place. I liked how things were set up with their beer and free tastes upon entry and pool table and rockin' brewery tours and all that jazz. It was a great set up that made you feel like you were in an historically Philadelphia-made craft brewery. Yards felt like the quintessential spot for brotherly love and it really, truly worked. But now, some of that feeling is lost.
No longer does it give off that small town vibe. Gone are the notes that Yards is a craft brewery of the city. There's a brewpub aspect taking the reigns and it's changed the dynamic of the place. You can sit at the bar, but that's all it is: a bar. Waiter service is great at a restaurant, but when a semi-pushy server keeps bugging you when all you want is one flight and a pint to share between yourself and three friends, it makes you wish for the setup of the past.
But I'm an optimist and I'm not going to drop Yards' ranking down to three...yet. Push away the parts that turned me off and they still are producing some of the best non-NY beer I've had. I love their founding father recipe styles. I love the fact that you can get almost all of their brews in bottles. I love...um, Chocolate Love Stout (totally saw that coming, didn't you?). None of that has changed. And maybe the food they're cookin' is amazing. Maybe when I come again at a different time, when I'm hungrier and thirstier and in need of a setup like what things are now, I'll be impressed....maybe.
Overall, for now, I don't feel it. Yards gets the benefit of the doubt here for being a high quality brewery for what it crafts. Five stars still in my book. Beyond that, everything else seems of a three caliber. Average. I do look forward to my next time in Philly with hopes that my apprehensions diminish. Until then, I'll remember the way Yards used to be and think about the one thing that stayed the same: Beer.Bottom line: Great beers, fun atmosphere. 
Drawback: menu is overly complicated and actually takes away from enjoying what should be the main attraction: the beers.Great service! Great beer selection! The staff is supper friendly! I love coming here! The chocolate stout is one of my favorites!!I had a really good visit to Yards Brewery! My mom was visiting for the weekend and we decided to do the brewery tour. It was only $5/person (very reasonable!) and came with beer samples and a beer during the tour. We got to learn the history of Yards while enjoying a delicious drink and see how the company has expanded over the years. While the tour isn't super elaborate, I think our tour guide, Christian, really elevated the experience. He was super knowledgeable, answered all questions, and made some very good jokes along the way - one being that his mom was the only one to give him a solid Yelp review (lol clearly not true as other Yelpers seem to love him as a tour guide too!) At the end of the tour, we were given a nice souvenir and escorted back out into the restaurant area where we could have a nice meal. There is also a gift shop area and you can purchase beer to take home with you. Overall, a lovely experience and my mom had a blast! I am very happy that I chose this activity for her visit and would definitely recommend a Yards visit to all!Yards is a brewery that knows who they are and knows what they do well - English style ales. We came early Saturday afternoon, the day before valentines day and enjoyed quite a few seasonal and standard beers. Also we ordered food from the food truck, which is a fantastic addition. We did the tour and had the best tour guide ever, MIKE!! He had me cracking up the whole time ( mind you that is not a difficult task and I was a few beers in) but really he was great and you could just tell all the employees love working there. Last point they also make some of the best root beer I've ever had - we almost bought a growler of that.Yards was one of the first places I went when I first came to Philadelphia, and I immediately knew that I could be happy here. Yards is a quality brewpub, filled with good people, good food, great beer, and good cheer. We ordered flights of beer, which gave us a great sampling of their range of beers. If you like beer, don't miss this Philadelphia gem!Oh Yards!  My love for your beer has reached a new level! 
Coming to Yards Brewery is an absolute fun way to spend a Sunday afternoon.  Take a brewery tour, kick back with some more beers in the tasting room, take home a growler, 6 pack or case, t-shirt, decorative beer glass - whatever tickles your fancy.  
The tour was dope.  Christian was our guide and he had us drink (and finish) a ton of beer on the tour. So unless double-fisting is your cup of tea (or in this case, beer), I suggest finishing your drink before entering the tour or wait until after. 
Stayed for some more drinking in the tasting room since we were able to snag seats at the bar and ordered a beer flight.  My love is always for their Love Stout and IPA's.  Had their Rye IPA which is hoppy deliciousness.  Coffee stout, ESA and Saison were fave picks as well. 
Love Stout was on Nitro the time we went and because of that we couldn't take home a growler.  Had Yards Root Beer for the first time and wish I could take some of that home too but unfortunately they can't do growlers either because it would go flat. (sad face) 
If their beer alone doesn't get you to come back here, the awesome vibe, atmosphere and friendly bartenders will.  I know I will!
(3/22/15)This place wasn't terrible, it had good beer, activities such as pool, and it had a cool setup for the interior and exterior. Unfortunately, the food was quite ridiculous. I'm not sure if they are trying to keep up with trends or trying to be famous for signature dishes, but they need to stop. I ordered wings because who doesn't love wings? I did see on the menu they were green pepper wings which I was open to trying. Then when I placed the ordered my waiter, who was a great guy, informed me again they aren't regular buffalo wings and that they have a greenish look and I was fine with trying them, but boy was I wrong. They were absolutely disgusting. Not only did they taste bad but the sauce looked like snot! The sauce was also super sticky which caused them to stick to the paper within they trey, and when I went to grab for a wing, the paper tore and the sauce started leaking through the bottom. Somebody answer this, who the hell thinks they are better than regular buffalo wings. My goodness!Great tour, got to try samples of some of their classics, which made it all the more apparent how dramatic "fresh" on draft beer vs. bottled tastes. A good excuse to venture out to NoLibs, and another brewery that does tours (St Benjamins) is nearby. They also sell some pretty cool t-shirts onsite.Only reason giving two stars is because the beer was good but besides that wouldn't return. Got the wings, really didn't care for them. I asked for ranch got blue cheese and didn't see our server so was stuck with just eating the blue cheese with them. Maybe some people are fans of the sauce but not me. Environment is nice overall but when you have live music and a ton of open tables, why sit us at close one to the speaker?This is the quintessential Philly brewery from me. Never had a bad experience, or s bad beer. Appreciate the parking lot and the fact that they have a small bar menu and frequent food trucks. Love it here, love the love stout :) I'm excited to check out the new location in the fall!Great selection of craft beer and the sampler is awesome.  Customer service and location are great! Apparel available fore sale.  Prices are reasonsable.I love going to Yards. Not only do they usually have a $25 case special [sometimes of my favorite beer of all time--Yards Brawler], but they also sell great merch, have a great kitchen, and I love their sampler flights. $5 for a flight of different beers is a great deal, and they are perfect when paired with their bison chili or bison sandwich (which are a little spicey, but not too bad). Pool tables and a laid-back atmosphere make this a great Saturday afternoon hang-out spot, as well. I think they have food trucks on most Saturdays, as well.You go Yards Brewing, good for you! A decade ago I  visited the previous Yards Brewery location (more of a mom and pop feel to it) so I'm thrilled to see their expansion to the new location (a massive taproom) and am proud of their growth. I was in town Super Bowl weekend and had the added benefit of Eagle chants taking over the brewery every five minutes or so. The atmosphere was very lively to say the least. The food was ok but the beers are the standout stars here. You can pick from their classics but they also offer limited edition special brews and reserves. Should a decision prove too difficult or a commitment to a full pint seem too much, you can also opt for a flight (tasting of four different 5 oz selections). The staff is also helpful with picks. All in all a worthwhile stop for a delicious brewski while in Philly.THIS WAS OUR FAVORITE STOP OF THE TRIP!!!!!  
The husband and I took a long weekend trip to Philadelphia over this past weekend (9.8.13) and had the loveliest of times.  On Friday, we spent all day walking and decided to go to the Yards Brewery that day instead of the next.  The place is large with ample room.  We sat at the bar and each ordered a flight.  I ordered the Pynk flight (amazing), and the hubby ordered the flight with the presidents, etc. on them...don't remember the name of the flight.  The flights were so cheap! Only $5 each and it was a great amount.  The hubby ordered two more glasses after that and we spent 2 hours there, when we intended on spending one.  We sat next to the nicest locals that own Beekman's C.O.P.A soaps and we chatted with them for quite some time.  The bartenders were wonderful and we ended up getting a 750ml to go of the CRU (best beer!) and a Brawler shirt.  
We had such a great time, we wanted to go back the next day....especially for more of that Pynk beer.  
We will most definitely return to the Yards when we return to Philly.We had a fantastic time on the tour.Our tour guide was awesome and was passionate about the company.Learned a lot about the company and it's growth.Loved you got a taster and then another beer on the tour.The only drawback which was minor was after the tour we ate there and the portions were alittle small for the price.On a recent trip to Philly we decided to check out Yards for a brewery tour. I love that your greeted at the door with a tasting, it really sets the mood up for a day of drinking. Since i planned on driving back to Baltimore that day i didnt enjoy too much but now i know what to get next time. We did stay for a tour of the brewery which was fun. We were told we were one of the last tours before they moved to their new space so it was nice to see it. Our guide was hilarious! He appeared to really really enjoy their product as we were touring. The space was beautiful and i love the history of it being an illegal skate park at some point in time since i have a handful of skaters in my life. As far as the beer i enjoyed everything i had but i only really got to taste the Philadelphia Pale Ale and the Brawler. Next time i will enjoy more.Local microbrewer of excellent craft beers located in an industrial part of town.  We took a fascinating tour of the facility, which included the history of the company, manufacturing process, the many ways in which they minimize their carbon footprint and conserve resources, and most importantly tastings of their offerings. It was neat to see the original brew kettle (still in use) juxtaposed next to their later equipment purchases. Take a jacket for the portion of the tour in the cold storage room. I felt as cold as the beer when we finally left the room.
Great choice of distinctive beers. My personal favourite was the IPA. Another brew had hints of citrus, that would make it great for a summer barbecue or some other hot weather event. They have a nice range of dark beers too, and friendly, helpful bartenders. 
A fun way to spend a couple of hours.My wife brought me here for my birthday weekend, and it. was. awesome.   We arrived around 2:15 on a Saturday afternoon and were on the list for the 3:00 tour.  The pub was packed but service was still quick and friendly.  The delicious beers were reasonably priced and we sipped on a couple before the tour began. Mike, our tour guide, was the highlight of our visit.  He's knowledgeable, friendly, and most importantly he is hysterical.  Mike is the man.  I don't know him well, but I love him.  Like seriously, I love this dude.   We ended the afternoon with a delicious growler to go.  This will surely be on our list of places to go when we have friends and family visiting from out of town.  We will be back soon.Great beer & service.  I even got a free pint w/ my Yelp check in,  very cool.I didnt try the food here but I really liked the beer and the ambiance. The staff was all very nice and let me store my luggage at the front of the establishment. 
I took a tour for $5 which was fun and informative and came with a free beer! There were plenty of TV's around the bar which was good for watching the world cup games. There was some bar games in a room in the back.Had a great waiter John A.  Very knowledgeable about the beers especially for me.  Not a beer girl. Ordered duck nachos and roast pork. Both wrre amazing. Pork sandwich was so good.  Better than DiNics by a mile. Duck nachos were really good too. Duck was excellent. We will be back.Great place to grab a tasty beverage and a free tour. What's not to love? Friendly bartenders, an owner that bellies up to the bar and will share a beer with you, great atmosphere... a must visit when in Philly...Loved the tour. Tap room was tiny and awesome. Food truck BBQ was kickass. Of course, the beer is great (Love Stout is my favorite). Perfect spot in a cool part of Philly, definitely worth a stop!I have been a fan of Yards ever since I discovered craft beer. Over the years, I told myself I need to visit their brewery in the city. Yesterday, I finally got that chance. 
My fiancée and I headed down to the city to hang out for a couple hours and drink some good beer. Overall, we loved the beer, atmosphere and the quesadilla we ordered. 
The bartenders working were all very friendly. We primarily dealt with Ben who was very laid back and just a great guy overall. My fiancée was holding out hope they had Sons of Ben on tap, but unfortunately they did not. 
While I've had the majority of the beers that Yards brews, going down to the brewery was a great way to kill an afternoon. 
I made the mistake of having lunch beforehand. The food menu had a good selection of eats that really made me regret filling my stomach beforehand. I would definitely suggest filling your stomach at the brewery. If the quesadilla my fiancée and I had was any indication, the other menu items must be just as delicious.So glad that I finally got to come here. I am a huge fan of Yards beer and always wanted to drop by the brewery for a tour, some beer, and a possible growler fill. Today my wish was fulfilled. 
We arrived shortly before 2PM. Parking can be a pain, right next to the brewery, but you are able to park across the street on Delaware Avenue, where we easily found a spot. 
As soon as we walked through the door, we were greeted by a sweet hostess who poured a sample of a special release beer that was also available for purchase (I'm still kicking myself for not getting it). We then proceeded into the brewery where a table welcomed us with several cups of both Yards Brawler and IPA, two very delicious beers. 
I've been on quite a few brewery tours and you hear the old saying "if you've been on one, then you've been on all of them." True to an extent but I learned quite a few interesting facts on this tour that I didn't know before. Our tour guide was super jolly with a great sense of humor and kept us interested the whole time (and even let us have a few extra samples). I can say with confidence that this was one of my favorite brewery tours that I've ever been on. 
Needless to say, by the end of the tour our small tour group of 6 was starting to become a lot closer as the free samples did their job. We left the brewery tour feeling great and proceeded to check out the brewpub area, which is filled with memorabilia, growlers to go, and packaged beer for sale. 
One final noteworthy thing about Yards that totally scored points in my book was the fact that they don't make you buy one of their growlers, which a lot of brewpubs and microbreweries will do, if you decide to purchase their beer to go. And for only $10 for session beers and $12 for signature beers, that is a damn good deal! Can't speak for the food, but that's just all the more reason to come back.Went to Yards on a Saturday afternoon.  We arrived at around 1:10pm.  It was more on the crowded sided.  Two hostesses greeted us and provided a sample of their ESA (Extra Special Ale).  The next tour was at 1:30pm.  Perfect amount of time to grab a beer before the tour.  Our tour guide was knowledgeable and entertaining.  We were provided samples of 3 beers on the tour (Philadelphia Pale ale, IPA, and Tavern Spruce).  The tour lasted about 35 minutes.
Parking could be difficult (no parking lot).  Try finding spots along Delaware Ave.  We were going to park in the Sugarhouse lot but a security car was there so we ended up parking on Delaware Ave. 
Overall, a great way to explore something other than the normal touristy sights in Philadelphia.  
*Free Brewery tours on Saturdays12-4pm and Sundays 12-3pm!*True craft beer is produced with a passion and in the case of the Yards...Philadelphia brotherly love.  The Yards Brewing Company** has been around since its inception in 1994.  In 1994, two great friends started a brewery in the Philly area.  Since then they grew their brewery into a Regional Brewery pushing out 45,000 barrels of true craft beer a year.  Craft at 45,000 barrels? Yes, to this untrained, beer swigging, writer. 
The bottled IPA from Yards hit the spot (7.0% ABV).  Smooth and flavorful.  Very easy, no acidic aftertaste.  Love it for a non-Double India Pale Ale (DIPA).  Did they change my mind? Can I enjoy a non-DIPA; um, yes, I can.  
Coincidentally my local friends invited me to the Yards' tasting room.  I cabbed over to the Yards and took in the sights.  The Yards in located in the Philly city limits about five minutes from Old City.  The location is perfect for a Philly brewery with a local feel.  
My first beer to taste was the Thomas Jefferson's Tavern Ale (8.0% ABV).  Real smooth and balanced.  No particular taste was bold.  Our server was incredibly nice (Jenny I believe).   She answered all our questions and was immediately helpful.  Great service and taste, kick ass! 
Next stop, the Golden Hop IPA (6.0% ABV).  A slight citrus taste but still not acidic.  Such a good taste.  Two beers concluded my tour of the Yards.  I will be back next time in the Philly area.  Uber was my friend and headed back to my crew in Old City (now that's a story for another day).Dearest Yards, 
What ever you are doing keep doing it. I've been back twice in recent weeks and the food is way better. Fantastic in fact!! I'll be back and for those thinking about going I offer two bits of advice:
1. Wings - well done, naked sauce on the side.
2. Chefs Board: Ask about thisA really cool spot.....Great beer (obviously).....
Place is really spacious with plenty of bench seating.  Food menu is on point and quality is pretty good based on the ones we ordered.
The bbq platter was good but kind of pricey for the portions we got.  The sausages that came with it was filled with cheese....the best!!!  Pork belly skewers were amazing but a little pricey.   I love Fra groi and it was in a poutine...good but can't say I was blown away with the whole combo.  The fritters were so good especially with the dipping sauce.
Wings were unique and I ended up really liking it.  Not the most visually appealing because they aren't breaded and are covered with a slight color of green.  It almost looked like boiled wings but first bite with dipping sauce was amazing.  Be careful, they are a bit spicy.
There's a Pool table and shuffle board in the back but didn't get a chance to play.
They have flights but I didn't try....will do next time for sure.  I will definitely return and enjoy another few rounds of great beer and food.If you want great fresh beer, then Yards is the place. I LOVE THESE GUYS! I make it point go there at once a weekI am from Florida and we have 7 breweries in my city. While in Philly, I was looking for some great beer and a cool place to hangout. Yards is awesome. We arrived and they ID'd us and then gave us a free sample right at the door- hell yeah!
We took the tour and it was fun and informative. The tour guide was funny and knew all about their history and the beer making process. 
We tried several of their beers and really liked all of them. If they have their hefeweizen...get it! It's awesome. However all of their beers are either really good or drinkable. They also have free pool and shuffleboard. 
Check em out!I went here with a group of friends for a tour with one of the reps.  My friend owns a bar and our tour seemed more inclusive than the standard one.  The samples were great and all on the staff seemed very friendly. Love the startup feel even though they are a faily large craft brewer.I came here for lunch by myself to kill some time before heading to the airport. I sat at the bar which had nice big TVs to look at. The bartender greeted me immediately and gave me a sample of a beer before I committed to a pint. I was disappointed that they didn't have anything really easy drinking (like a wheat, Pilsner, or kolsch) on tap. All the beers were hoppy or dark which isn't what I usually associate with summer. I was impressed with the amount of beers that they had, though. The bartender told me a couple of the food specials that they had - one of which was a roast beef sandwich with white cheddar. That's what I ordered and it came with a side salad. When I got the bill it turned out my lunch was only $6 or $7! So a great deal. The building itself is like a large warehouse but I was really glad they have parking reserved for customers. Great service and an overall nice atmosphere with lots of natural light.I was visiting from New York with my boyfriend, sister and best friend. I have visited dozens of breweries and this has been one of my favorites. 
Let me first start by saying that the beers are great, but it's the people that make this place awesome. They really gave us great service and we left feeling like we made new friends
We were the first tour ever at their new location and were lucky to have Ron as our tour guide. He was great answering all our questions and really gave a detailed and entertaining tour. 
We will definitely be back whenever we're in the area!My husband and I had our wedding ceremony and reception at Yards on St. Patrick's Day 2018.  Zack and his team were awesome!  It was a flawless event from beginning to end.  They took care of all the details and made us feel relaxed.  We LOVE Yards beer and so did all our guests.  The food was amazing as well.  We couldn't have been happier.  Thanks so much, Yards!This place has been around the corner from my bff's all these years and I can't believe I have only just now visited this brewery. We had such an amazing time here!
We rolled up on a Sunday (beautiful day), and saw tons of peeps drinking outdoors in the outdoor seating soaking up the sun with a fresh pint. Joining a tour was so easy and did I mention 100% free? 
We just strolled in, and were greeted with a beer to sample and a token. We were shortly called in for our tour, where 2 more delicious samples awaited us. The folks at yards were extra generous with samples, as extras were left over and it was up to us to finish them. Say no more - challenge accepted!!!
I wish I could remember the name of our tour guide cuz honestly he was just awesome. We had the best time with him. He was super friendly and chill and above all, FUNNY. He did such a great job explaining everything to us in real non-scientist terms, all while keeping us laughing. I've visited quite a few breweries before, but this tour really stood out for me and I wish I could give him a shoutout. 
I liked that we could roll up when we wanted (within tour hours) on Saturday or Sunday, that the tour was free, and that such cool people worked there. 
We ended our tour with some beer flights at the bar. What a fab Sunday afternoon! 
I'll be back guys!
Btw, wanted to share some mad love for that chocolate love stout - YUM!Awesome space, fun tour, fresh beer, great food. What's not to love?
Latest Visit: 10/30Very nice brew house with a great staff. A little loud but that's what it's all about in fact it reminds me more of a beer garden than a restaurant. Good beer selection and I would say there are a lot more styles of beer available here than most brew-pubs.  From what I could tell they have a limited wine selection but no spirits.  The food was pretty varied compared to most breweries.  My friend had duck tacos and I had a pork sandwich with broccoli rabe.  Overall had a great time and I would go back again.This brewery doesn't look like much from the warehouse exterior, but the beer is exceptional and the revolutionary styles make you feel like you're touching history!Have been loving Yards beers since day one but first time at the new flagship. Huge industrial space bustling with good energy that is somehow made to feel smaller and inviting. Semi-outdoor tables, traditional 2s and 4s, and bench seeking a la Oktoberfest are well spaced and compliment nicely.  The "yo, order here" sign at the bar is a fun directive and very efficient - no delay to get a beer in your hand. Bartenders, all with substantial beards and hipster vibes, are quick and friendly.  Always found Yards beers to be consistently well-balanced, not the hops in your face for each selection. Yards can be hoppy forward but also malty, toasty, refreshing. You can't not find something you'll like. Food is casual, burgers, fish and chips, and a nod to Philly's finest, roasted pork with long hots.  Fresh, high quality, and delicious.  Finally service is very competent and knowledgable about the offerings giving you the confidence that your order will be accurate and any requests will be honored - very quick and efficient too.The biggest and one of (if not THE) best breweries in Philly, setting the bar for great brews and seemingly flawless taproom operation. I love the current venue, but I'm SO stoked for the new, bigger location to open soon. 
There's not a brew I've tried that I didn't like here, and I love the casual vibe of the taproom. It's a great place to toss a few back and chill. Try one of their pre-made flights to get a taste of it all. 
The staff is fantastic, the venue is bright and clean, and the production is nothing short of impressive. Definitely take the tour - informative, funny, high energy. Yards was one of my first brewery adventures when I started really getting into good, craft beer, and it's what it's what I use to compare all other breweries. (Thank god for good beer, amirite?)
Local or visitor, Yards is a Philly "must do."Love it here! I really can't say enough good things. My boyfriend won a gift card to Yards in a raffle and we finally made time to come check it out. We came on a Saturday around 3:30 and got a table right away. We were sat at a table right next to the bus cart where servers were all placing their dishes from their tables which was getting a little noisy so we asked to move (I know, I hate being that person). However, the server was so kind and understanding and we moved to a nice table with a booth. The place is pretty big and there are plenty of tables for larger parties or smaller groups and couples as well. There is a big bar that has tons of seating as well as a smaller outdoor area. The ambiance is great and all the servers are very friendly. Paige was our server and she was fantastic, so helpful and sweet! We shared a Harvest flight and then went on to try a few different beers. My favorite was "Pynk," seriously, so good! We also ordered boneless buffalo wings, lamb risotto balls, and fries which all exceeded expectations. Overall, such a great experience and I am so excited to go back again!Awesome! New location is so spacious and great atmosphere. We got both Beer Flights and both rock. My favorite beer is the Philadelphia Pale Ale. 
Fish & Chips with potatoes and peas(yes peas, it's a delish side!!!) Is a great pick. Fish isn't greasy. It's nice and crisp.
Pulled Pork sandwich with braoccali rabe & provalone was so flavorful and tasty. 
Service is great.Cool atmosphere with great beer. They offer multiple sizes ranging from flights to 20oz and all the beers we had were delicious. Even in Philadelphia it has a small town feel where everyone is friendly and attentive. Great stop!I stopped in here over 4th of July weekend with a friend to sample some beers. I also wanted to browse some merch for my dad, who loves to get shirts from different breweries/bars in cities that I visit (or in this case, move to). 
The tasting room looks very much like most other brewery tasting rooms. It's bright with tall ceilings, and a wall of glass providing a view of the massive tanks and brewery equipment. I'd like to return sometime for the tour, which should be no problem because I now live within about a five minute drive of this place. 
My friend and I each had a flight, choosing to go with the specialty/seasonal option. It offered a pretty good variety of flavors and styles, but I wasn't particularly blown away by any of the options that I sampled. I think next time I would try one of the two standard flights to get a better feel of what they have to offer. The flight was $7, which I felt was very reasonable considering the pours seemed to be a little more generous than samplers you might get elsewhere. 
I know it was probably busier than normal (holiday weekend), but it definitely took some time to get through the line for drinks. Also, people seemed to be really confused about the line system (one for merch/beer to go, and one for the bar), and were just kind of standing in the way without purpose... or maybe they just had hit the bar a few too many times by that point. :-)
Overall, not bad.Great place!  We planned a private event here and, of course, we were hit by a huge snowstorm.   The staff was great.  They were super flexible and worked with us to update some aspects of our event due to Snowmagddon. Even with the crazy weather, our guests loved the event!  The facility is perfect for private events, they have a couple different spaces that are great for parties.  The food is really well done (someone please mail me some of the pretzels if you stop by) and I don't even have to mention the beer (you will love the beer).  We're already thinking about doing another event here later in the year.  Special thanks to Zack for making it all work out.In my opinion, this is what heaven should be like!
Honestly, what better place is there to hang out and spend half a day then at a brewery like this? We came here this past Saturday for the free tour and to hang out in the "tasting room" (really just a glorified name for the bar) for some excellent Yards beer straight from the source. 
First off, the website says parking is available, but be forewarned this does not guarantee you'll find a spot nearby. There is basically a limited amount of street parking available around the building; after circling a few times we were lucky enough to grab a spot right in front of the entrance (Yards is actually RIGHT next to Sugarhouse Casino, so if you feel like taking the risk, you can try parking there...). My second warning is be prepared for some big crowds, as the tour seems to be a popular attraction on the weekends (they go from 12-4 PM, my advice is get there at the earlier times). 
Crowds and parking issues aside,  this is definitely a great place to be. First and foremost, Yards brews some of the best beers I've tasted, and their Philadelphia Pale Ale is now my new favorite beer! Upon entering, the "hostesses" (they don't really seat you, just get you into a tour) offered free samplings of the Philadelphia Pale Ale, which is the perfect way to get things started off! We were a group of 5, and got there around 2:45 PM, and already they were saying their tours are mostly full. They managed to squeeze us into the 3:00 tour, so we grabbed a beer (PPA for me of course!) while waiting.
At about 3:05, the tour got started, and we filed into the back room area with the huge vats. Again, they offered more samplings here, your choice of the PPA or their new Spruce Ale. Since my fiance doesn't drink beer, I got to have one of each; of course the PPA was delicious, but surprisingly so was the Spruce Ale (made to taste like a Spruce Tree!). We were then taken on the tour around their facilities by Mike, probably the best tour guide they have to offer! The dude was hilarious, cracking jokes left and right and dressed in shorts and a hoodie (the temperature outside was about 34 degrees, and it was the same in the brewing area). Mike was also very knowledgeable, and you could tell he really loved his job and the company he works for (seriously though, who wouldn't love a job working at a brewery lol?).
The tour lasted roughly 30-35 minutes, and we got to see many of the ins and outs of the brewery. Once it was over, we went back out into the tasting room, where we were able to snag a table. Feeling both thirsty and hungry by now, I ordered a Thomas Jefferson's Tavern Ale (from their Ales of the Revolution series) and a bison (yes, thats right bison!) chili. Fun fact about the bison chili, Mike told us that the grains they use for their beer are recycled into food for local farms, including feeding bison. The bison is then bought by Yards for use in its food...so these are Yards beer fed bison (talk about the circle of life)!
Finally, we finished off our drinking splurge by sharing 2 flight (5 sampling sizes) of their 10 beers on tap; the Signature Ales and the Ales of the Revolution, in my opinion the perfect way to cap off the afternoon/evening by tasting a little bit of every beer Yards has to offer!
Even though I did just about everything there is to do here (tour, taste all the beers, eat), I would jump at the opportunity to come back and enjoy some of the best tasting beer Philly has to offer!This was a great brewery to visit on my weekend trip to Philadelphia. We went during a Flyers game so it was busy but had a great atmosphere. My boyfriend and I were starving so we got the meat platter, and let me tell you, it was delicious. It had entirely too much food for two people, we probably only ate 2/3 of it, but still no regrets here. The beer was great too, and staff was very friendly!There is something about enjoying a product no more than 20 feet away from where it is being produced. Yards Brews are awesome anywhere, and even more awesome here at the brewery.  Take the free tour. Enjoy the free samples. Stay for some beers before. Stay for some beers after.  Shoot some pool.  Sit back, relax and enjoy the fruits of Yards' labor. Beer me.This was one of the most disappointing meals I've had in Philly.  I love Yards beer and this place has good ratings so I had high expectations. What I got was a really greasy Patty melt with a snack bag of Utz chips for $12. And paid an extra $6 for, "fried potatoes" aka not fries. No atmosphere whatsoever. I'll keep drinking yards beer,  just anywhere but here. Sorry.Walked in and was instantly given a free sample. Told the the nice young lady me and my husband wanted to do the tour and she stated the next one was at 1:30. Walked over to the bar and the lady there was super helpful as well. Since we didn't know what to get she let us try a few beers before we decided what we wanted. I got the saison which was really good. Don't remember what my husband had but his was good too. Once the tour began we were greeted with more free samples. Chris was hilarious. Try to get your tour with him if you can. You wont regret it. There was also free parking right in front.A group of five of us went to Yards for a Saturday brewery tour, which is totally free and frequent enough that you can pretty much come in whenever you please Saturdays and Sundays noon to 4pm. Tables can be hard to come by, but wait for a tour to start and you can snag them (on the flipside, good luck finding one at the tour's end).
Our guide was friendly and knowledgeable, and she gave us ample samples along the way. She told us all about the start of the brewery, their equipment, and the beers and showed us pretty much everything from the tanks to the bottling machines. They focus on sustainability in a lot of ways, which is great. Pretty neat stuff.
Afterwards we stayed for a few beers and snacks. They don't do table service so you just order beers or food at the bar. The bison chili was probably the best chili I've ever had, and we also got a tasty ham and swiss sandwich. Other menu items ordered by the table were chips and salsa (which comes with a pineapple-type salsa) and quesadillas, both of which looked good. I'm a sucker for the Brawler, but the Saison and the Tavern Spruce Ale were both great.
OH! And they have rotating specials on cases--$25 for a case of Brawler when we were there. Total steal. This is just a great way to spend a weekend afternoon in Philly.If you are a fan of beer and in Philadelphia, then you must come to Yards Brewing! There are free brewery tours on the weekend from 12-4pm, so I stopped in with some friends on a Sunday to take advantage of this. After putting our name on the list, we took a seat at the bar and ordered some brews and food. I chose the Saison (perfect for summer) to wash down the incredible bison and beef chili. My friends could not decide on one beer variety, so they opted for two beer flights: one with the Ales of the Revolution and the other with the Signature Ales.
Our tour guide was incredibly friendly and knowledgeable. We were treated to the history of Yards in addition to details on their current operations. This information was unsurprisingly passed on to us as we sipped on free tasters of the Yards Brawler and Philadelphia Pale Ale beers. I already loved Yards beer before coming to the brewery but after my positive experience at their headquarters, I appreciate what they do even more!This review is not for beer, Yards has great beer. They should rethink their restaurant vision. To begin, we were stopped at the door and told to get in line outside in front of the building. People were smoking pot in line, it was a little awkward, really strange....why can't you go inside at 5pm? Is there a lack of stafff? Not enough room?  No explaination, no signs disappointing and COLD
Once in, staff was great! Very attentive, super nice. 
OK so the bathroom sitch...ughh
The bathrooms are in the back which is fine, EXCEPT, so is the kitchen, the wait staff ANDDD the computers sooo you are dodging wait staff right and left just to get back through a narrow hallway to pee. Once there it was a mess!!! Broken glasses all over the sinks, overflowing trash cans and paper all over the floor!  Why? It's the beginning of dinner hour on a Friday,  management should be on top of that easy peasy. Not.
So we ate expensive apps that were fair at best, and decided to go sit at the bar for one more beer.  Many seats just opened up, and we left one seat next to the service bar open. A manager came up to us and made us move over one seat towards the service bar. 
We were literally ON TOP OF THE SERVERS WITH EMPTY SEATS NEXT TO US!  At that point we got up and moved to the other side of the bar. REALLY?  I mean, if that was all that was available I understand but in all my years (it's alot) I never had someone tell me where to sit at a bar.
I am a local but I can only imagine how people from out of town view the city if this is an example, jeez 
Get it together people, I can drink your beer in finer establishments cheaper, especially at happy hour.I went here on a Thursday afternoon. I've always enjoyed their Pale Ale for the past few years but have never made it to the brewery. We parked in the lot based on the other reviews I read. Despite of what others say, the lot is literally right next to the brewery and who can pass up free parking. 
We walked in and the bar was full so we sat at a table. The staff is so friendly and welcoming. I couldn't believe how big this place is, especially considering it's in the city! They have windows you can look through to watch the beer being bottled. There are pool tables to play and plenty of tvs for sports.
Now onto the beers. They had two flights listed and we really didn't want either of the flights (the signature Ales and the Ales of the Revolution). We asked if they could substitute a beer out on the flight and they said they don't normally like to do that but they could depending on what we wanted. We wanted a seasonal beer and then our waitress said we could do a seasonal flight which was perfect. We opted for that. The first beer was the Loral Lager which was pretty boring and nothing special. The next beer was the Hefeweizen which was delicious and I loved the banana taste in it. Next was the Saison which was okay, my third favorite. Last was the Pynk and I loved this berry beer. 
Overall, I enjoyed my experience at Yards and can't wait to come back. Oh and I love the beer bottle vases in the bathroom. I didn't order food here but it looked really good.Nice place but small. A good location. Moderately priced. We got free samples just for coming in the door. Beer and root beer were pretty good. Not a lot of parking.This review is for the tasting room.  MOP THE GODDAMN FLOOR.  The amount of stickiness on the floor, when the place was only open for an hour, was indicative of either a whole keg just spilling on the floor or you all never mopping it.  My sandal broke because it was stuck on the ground.  C'mon!  People are eating and drinking here.Nice small little brewery. The tasting room is a really nice room to sit in and try their beer. Tour guide was very personable and friendly. My only complaint is how long we waited before the tour started. They don't have a set tour schedule and said the next tour would start in 30 to 45 min but we waited a little over an hour. The beer was delicious and I suggest getting the flight to taste as much of the beer as possible. My friend and I bought 2 different flights to share so we could taste as much as possible.I loved this place. I got the Pynk, but tasted more. Great feel, great place, and great beer.Great atmosphere & big space.  Chill place with games, tours of the brewery, good beers.  Also awesome food truck (moo and oink) in front of their entrance.As much of a beer connoisseur that I am, I am embarresed to say that it took me a while to get here.
This is partly because it falls in to the "baseball fan in your own city" rule, your more of a fan when you go out of town to see your team, same goes with beer bars and breweries.
But I've made it here a few times now, and it's pretty cool, wish they were open longer, but it's a great philly spot. 
to all you out of towners, the brewery is not as cool as others around the country, but the beer speaks for itself, and it's next door to a rock climbing gym, i mean come on man, i think it's the only one in the country who has that? (lol)Philadelphia's favorite brewery. Or at least mine. Try the buffulo chili with your favorite brew. While your at it, ask for a George Jefferson...RIP Sherman Hemsley. But Toby created this.I'm a fan of their beer so I decided to visit the brewery and go on the tour. The bar was fun, the food looked like bar food, and my tour guide was informative and humorous. I would certainly go again for a some beers.  
I can't give it five stars because I have nothing to compare it to.What more could you want from a brewery tour?  Yards nails it from every angle - great tasting room with games to entertain the masses, $5 brews, a free and entertaining tour with free samples, and a passionate and knowledgeable team to answer all of your questions!  
We arrived at noon to ensure we were able to secure spots for a Saturday tour, which seem to fill up quickly.  Our tour guide kept us laughing the entire tour as we sipped on samples of their IPA and Spruce Ale.  After the tour we played some shuffleboard and sampled some more of their beverage offerings and ended up spending our entire afternoon there!  They have a food truck outside and encourage you to grab a bite and bring it into the tasting room.  The pulled pork grilled cheese I inhaled is not to be missed!
I'm so glad I finally got over to Yards - it has been on my to-do list for the three years I've lived in Philly and I'm honestly kind of mad at myself for not going sooner!The best beer in the Philadelphia area, hands down. Prices on cases are very reasonable when you buy right at the brewery.We came here to look at the space for a possible wedding reception and we were blown away by the chill vibe, the hospitality, and of course the great beer. They are moving so the space they are in now isn't the space where they will be when our wedding is happening but Zach was nice enough to show us a layout of the new space and answer all of our questions. We don't even need see the space to know where we want to have our reception at. Thank you and we plan on booking the space soon!The food is actually terrible. I mean almost offensive. If you're just going for some beer, then do that. But if you plan on eating, there are SO many other choices that are heads above what they're offering in terms of food, it's not even worth the trip.Great food and great beer. Our server, Paige, was awesome and gave great recommendations! The wings are insanely good and the pork sandwich is ridiculous! This was a far better experience than the one we had yesterday at Second Story (don't waste your time there. Overpriced less than average food and terrible service).Fun time. The beer selection was great, live music and a food vibe. We shared different appetizers and the service was good... very friendly.Another great brew house!  So happy to see Yards take over a large property and move up to Spring Garden st so they can now offer a cool location and great food served along with their beers.  I have always been a fan of Yards for years now as one of the premier craft breweries in Philly and this is just another great addition to their repertoire.  Service was very pleasant and attentive with the server having a polite and friendly demeanor and a great working knowledge of their product offerings.  The food menu was plentiful and packed with well prepared and thoughtful dishes that are great fare to pair with the excellent beers.  Sandwiches, sharing plates, pub fare we thoroughly enjoyed every item we ordered.  This is a great exemplification of how the concept of a brew pub can and should work.  They utilize great organizational and management skills and ensure that their food and drink quality is beyond reproach.  
Thank you Yards.This rating is more for their tour than anything else. Yards is set up in a great location and is a pretty cool looking space. The beers were pretty good and diverse (I loved the idea of the Beers of the Revolution and I LOVED the Brawler Ale). Having food trucks set up outside is also a nice touch.
The tour left something to be desired, though, a sentiment that I've seen from some other reviews as well. I'm sure there's a way it could be spiced up somewhat, but I did like learning about their green sustainability!
Overall, Yards isn't the best brewery I've done a tour of, and to be honest, I don't think I've been on one that I walked away wanting more from.
Kudos on the beer, though!As far as brewery tours go, this was really lacking. At other breweries I was allowed to sample a far greater variety of beers, and had a much more enjoyable tour. At the beginning we were given two shot size samples of one light and one dark beer. Then we were led through 2 rooms with 40 other people and only saw large vats, some machines that made loud noises that supposedly are used for bottling & filling kegs (although we didn't see any evidence), and a large refrigerator, which I guess is cool if you really like refrigerators. I didn't learn anything about brewing or the company from the guide, and mostly just learned some new lewd jokes. The bar area seemed like a fun time with a good selection of food, but I don't visit breweries for the food. We won't be coming back.It's hard to give just 5 stars to Yards, especially after reading the prissy 3 and 4-star "Elite" reviewers who feel the tour should have been in Sense-Surround or included a PowerPoint on how to make Spruce Ale in a dang hot tub or some such.  To step into a big brick factory building and find yourself inside a really comfy pub space is cool, then seeing the tanks that your beer was made in just a stone's throw away is even better. 
The tour is great, it's given by real brewery people, not Jude Law, so go--you'll enjoy it, you'll learn something and you will like the beer afterwards...  Six Stars.I enjoyed my time here; my hubby and I had a Hefeweizen (it tasted amazing, for all those Hefeweizen fans out there) while we took in the atmosphere. The interior was large and spacious and had a hip industrial feel to it. I saw some of the food coming out of the kitchen and although I didn't order any, it looked delicious. I am definitely coming back here to try the food! It's a great place to go with a group as you will not feel cramped.Wanted to love this place as much as the original tasting room but.... just ain't feeling it... started with a Grapefruit Pale ale and it had nothing..No flavor.. No pop..zip...went to a Phila Pale Ale which is one of my top 20 beers and again "Nothing:..flavor, citrus hops all missing...I'd rather order a bottle of Yards somewhere with an approachable menu and good juke box...oh and heat...place is like a freaking ice box...Great place. Near the casino. The beer is terrific. Standard but nice brewery tour. The food is quite a suprise, not what you would expect and prepared exceptionally well. Wonderful how much of the place is old and has been repurposed to serve their needs. A model of intelligent recycling. Solar powered. Great place freat food great beerNice modern tap room with a beer Keller vibe.  The beer was good, although I preferred the standard brews to the tap room exclusives.  
My only gripe was that the large size and industrial chic decor meant that it was quite load in there, which gave it a lively atmosphere but it's not the best venue for a quite drink.A five-star review is rare, but let's lay out the facts:
1) Draft beers hardly exceed $5/pint. This is amazing craft beer, and that's cheap for Philly these days.  Plus, it's directly from the source-- amazing.
2) Free tours on weekends (Saturdays usually).  Free beer during the free tour and a fun look at how beer goes from its ingredients to a social lubricant. Thank you so much.
3) A great location with fairly easy to acquire parking and near to the Market-Frankford El.  
4) The tasting room is beautiful, has its own kitchen, hosts live music events and fundraisers, and often has a food truck parked out front dishing out Philly's best. 
5) Friendly staff-- They're just great. 
6) Specialty brews that you might not be able to get anywhere else.
Yards makes the best beer in the city, and missing a visit is a big mistake.This is the quintessential brewery experience.  The tasting room makes me feel like i'm in a Colorado ski lodge- pool table, tons of seating, big loft style building, and a bar equipped with the standard brews, and some special wildcards, and stocked to the gills with people who know beer and are happy to talk about it.
I dropped in on Sunday around 3:30p (they close at 4p on Sun) to settle a bet with my boyfriend.  The loser had to fill the growler, and buy a round.  His treat :-).  We sat around the bar, learned about Beer Week opportunites in the area, and talked about the Purity Laws of beer with bartender Jake.  My boyfriend lost another bet around these purity laws, and Jake helped set the record straight that he was in fact wrong.  We filled our growler up with the Saison ($12) and were on our way.  
If you come here during more of an 'on' time though, there will typically be a food truck out front to offset your drunk.  They have a schedule of the trucks so you can prepare for what to crave when the beers set in.  It's always something amazing though.  The Foo Truck in particular rocked my world with a tofu lemongrass foowich recently.  Memorable!
If there isn't a food truck outside, Yards will provide you with munchies.  Nothing amazing, but not too bad either... and at a very reasonable price.
Finally, if you have time and the opportunity, the tour is a great option.  If you visit lots of breweries, I don't recall anythign mind-blowing about this tour... but I always find them interesting and somehow they just make the beer taste better.  The tours are free.  Check the website for timing.
Before you leave, you can buy 22's, t-shirts, growlers, hoodies, cases of beer, etc.  Sometimes you can even catch a sale.  I pretty much adore this place.Checked in on Yelp and got a free beer.  Best way to enjoy good beer. Seriously you need to stop here if you are a craft beer fan.  Great place, good beer, better people.So, I have this friend. He's one of the best people I know. But, he has one flaw. No matter what the reality is, if he makes his mind up on something he will dig his heels in and refuse to admit that he might be wrong.
That's how I feel about your food Yards. It's just not good. Miso soup? Who are you trying to be? Those wings? Honestly, just stop. Against my better judgement I stopped back in...I wound up trying your food for a 4th time. It just makes me so sad. 
To all you yelpers out there. You should and must support this establishment. Please, drink the beer...the brewer is a master at his craft. The chef??? Well, let's just say he's trying. Albeit too hard.No complaints here. The tour is very worth it. Had a great "guide"...hilarious actually. It's great that PJs food truck is out front too. It is cash only for the food! Inside, the beer was great. I loved the seasonal ones. They do sell growlers and half kegs. Also cases. Reasonably priced. Looking forward to going back!**  This review focuses on the weekend tour  **
Ambiance:  It kind of feels like a restaurant/bar/pub with really high ceilings (tables to eat, a bar, beer pong table).  It felt cozy-ish within an industrial type building.  The whole place smelled like banana bread (why is that?).  The female bathrooms were okay but the men's bathrooms were pretty dirty and smelled.  The tables don't seem to be cleared off too well (or perhaps it is because as soon as someone stands up, another group snags their table), so you might have to deal with a tabletop that isn't quite clean or dry.
Service:  Everyone who works there was upbeat and very accommodating.  The people up at the front are cheerful and upbeat.  They greet you and give you tokens to await for the next beer tour.  The woman who actually gave the tour was nice enough and tried to provide some insider jokes, but she didn't seem like she really knew everything nor was she a very compelling speaker.  It is very nice that they give you three small tastings of beer (one at the front door and two on the tour) for free.
Provisions:  The sample beers were okay, not cold on account of sitting out - but that was okay with me.  My tourmates and I stayed after the tour for some additional beers, which were good - but it did take quite a lot of waiting at the bar in order to get the drinks.  Whether there was table service or not is unbeknownst to me, so we didn't get anything to eat.
Overall:  The tour was pretty short and since you don't get to see any moving parts, so I probably wouldn't go on it again.  But the experience was a very nice one to have, especially because it is FREE!Awesome brewery tour! I came here with my boyfriend on a Saturday afternoon, and we had a great time. First of all, Yards set the tone right by telling us the tour was free and handing us a beer sample right as we walked in the door. We hung around the tasting room before the tour and only waited a few minutes before our tour began. They start at noon and run every 30 min. Our tour guide (who we believe was named Mike) was hilarious! He was drinking with us on the tour and encouraged double fisting the samples :) He gave a good presentation about Yards and was able to answer all of the questions that people on our tour had (including really detailed stuff that some people who were home brewers threw at him). Beer flights after the tour were only $5 for 4 samples; the bartender also allowed us to mix and match between the "historical" Yards beers and the regular ones. This is a great place to spend a Saturday afternoon!
PS - It's definitely bikeable from Center City.The tour was fun. Very informative. We got a bunch of different beers to try, there was a food truck outside. We were able to buy food and bring it in. Overall it was a great experience!! If you get a chance it is worth a visit and totally affordable.We've always been fans of the beer, so we just took friends from out of town on the Yards Brewery tour, and it was a lot of fun.  It's not a long tour, but it was very informative, and we got a few samples of Yards' awesome brews.  Plus, you can't beat a free activity on a lazy Saturday funday, especially one that revolves around beer.  Our tour guide (who happens to be the bouncer at Dawson Street Pub - another beer haven) was incredibly knowledgeable, funny and cool.  We stayed to hang out and have some beers afterward - you can't beat Brawler (pun intended)!  We didn't get to try any food, but everything looked tasty, and we've only heard great things about their grub.  If you're in a Philly beer touring kind of mood, do what we did, and walk over to Frankford Hall afterward.I like good beer.  This is good beer. Annnnnnnnnnnnd not 9.9 % so you can have one and it doesn't squash the afternoon.  Beer came quick. Bathroom was spotless, and the Phillies almost won!  Nice times were had.The only reason I am not giving it 5 stars is because I am not a big beer drinker, only brought along with a group who are big beer drinkers. My bf and I arrived at 11:55 for their opening at noon and there was already a line formed. I was impressed. I didn't order anything from the food truck, so just hung out with my boys and waited for the next stop. By the time we left I wish I had an interest in beer because the atmosphere was great and I had a great time sitting there with them. (We did not go on the tour)
Highly suggested for beer drinkers. They are well merchandised if you want to show your loyality and where their logo!We decided to stop at Yards Brewing Company while visiting Philly. It's not too far from downtown by the waterfront. We went on a Saturday and it was hopping. It was really busy but we managed to get spot. The tours were full for the day but we decided to stay and try some beer. We both did a a different beer flight so we could try different beers. Both flights were good and a decent pour as well. 
Service was good and the bartenders were friendly. The crowd was a mix of old and young- but everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves.An average brewery with average beers. Coming from Minnesota, a land with many breweries, I was underwhelmed by my tour and tasting. We came on a Saturday morning with a reasonably large group of about 10 and were able to get into a tour within about an hour. The tour itself was lackluster; throughout, the guide focused on random trivia about the beermaking process rather than attempting to explain the fundamentals behind how beer is made. They also did not thoroughly explain what the tanks in the processing facility do and contain. This feels like a large oversight, as I'm sure every day Yards has plenty of people coming through their doors who have never thoroughly considered how the beer they enjoy is made. Although the tour was overall still enjoyable, I felt like its structure was a missed opportunity for Yards to really connect with their customers.
Regardless of the quality of the tour, I appreciated the fact that the tour began with a free tasting of Yards beer. However, I found all of the samples that they provided to be entirely run-of-the-mill, generic microbrewed beers: a few noticeable, if not especially appealing flavors with much of the blandness compensated for by a hefty amount of hops.
By the time we were done with our tour, the entire tasting room was packed with people hanging out and waiting for the next tour. They had a few seemingly interesting beers on tap, but I didn't stick around to try them. Perhaps these would have been better? I realize there's a lot of Philly pride surrounding Yards, but I hope another brewery opens up soon that can provide more interesting, complex beers. As it stands now, I'll be passing on Yards unless I need something generically American for a gathering.What a great spot! Massive space with plenty of seating (picnic tables) and the full Yards lineup on draught plus a great menu to supplement. Big step up from the original draught house.
Flights of 4 beers are $7 and 20oz draughts are $6. We got fries and a chicken sandwich, both of which were great but the BBQ plate for two left us jealous when we saw it coming out.
Great place to come with a group of friends to enjoy a weekend afternoon. Service was prompt (a rarity for a beer hall) and there is also plenty of Yards swag for purchase in the store, in addition to roadies.
4 only because Yards beers themselves still not all that great IMOI'm impressed with Yards Brewery.
The tour. Typical. Nothing to write home about. It's a brewery tour. You drink beer. You talk about the hops, the awards, the machinery. I sit wondering about the weeks of supply.....
Anyway. The reason why I really like Yards (outside the of the beer... which is legit)... is that they have a nice tasting room that you can sit and hang out after your tour is over or before your tour. I really appreciate that. I think many times you travel all the way to Sibera to have a beer tour, and then when it's over ... You are left thinking. WHAT NOW?
Well Yards. Bravo... Nice job. Love that you support the local food trucks and the games that you have inside are pretty fun too.... 
Definitely a great place to take out-of-towners and in-towners... Next stop.. Sugarhouse.Good place to get some quality beer. I tried the Revolutionary Flight, The Thomas Jefferson Tavern Ale has the highest ABV and was also the best tasting so it's a no brainier it was the best one for me. The Chocolate Love Stout was also tasty and unique for a beer would have no problem having one of them again on occasion. Next time I'm here I'm just going to do myself a favor and buy a case of Jefferson Tavern to take home. But it's a nice mellow place to hang out in the afternoon if you just want to hang out somewhere to drink just remember they close at 7PM it is an actual brewery that offers a bar during the day so at night you'll be out of luck coming here.As a craft beer enthusiast, it's in my blood (and passing through my liver) to ensure that when I visit a new area, I must Yelp away to ensure I don't miss out on some craft brews. Enter Yards Brewery, which delighted my taste buds several years ago for the first time, and upped the ante a few weekends ago, making me a true fan of the place. 
The east side of Philly is where you'll find this comfy, warehouse-esque brewery, though if you're reading this review in a few months, they might have already moved to their new location (not too far from where they were in February 2017 when this review was birthed). They have a nicely sized tasting room complete with pool table and one of those shuffleboard table games. Logos and beer names are scattered all over, and if you just do happen to want a drink, approach the peninsula-shaped bar for one of more than 15 beers on tap. 
Last time here, we missed out on the other factor of the brewery, the tour. This time, my buddies and I grabbed spots (free by the way) to ensure some brewery knowledge. On the tour we got to try two beers: Brawler (a great crispness at first with an almost smokey aftertaste) and Pynk (a wonderfully fruity and sour concoction), though when we entered the brewery we also were given a sample of one of their IPAs. Hats off to you, Yards, for dishing out some free beer love.
Back to the tour. I've been on quite a few all over and learned a great deal about beer, but this tour had one factor the others didn't: our tour guide, Mike. I won't go into specifics, but if you don't have a filter and enjoy others that don't as well, you will walk away not only learning about Yards, but in tears from laughter. I would tour the brewery every time to hear him.
Once done, we dove into a couple of flights. Grouped into three different types with prices at a steal ($6-$7 per flight). We got 2/3 to give us some beer variety. Something we learned on the tour was the incredibly cool fact that any beers named with one of our forefathers was actually brewed using a beer recipe similar to one they had cooked up! Who said history was boring? 
The George Washington Tavern Porter and Thomas Jefferson Tavern Ale were the historical brews that had me feeling patriotic in the palate. Beyond those, the Trubbel de Yards gave a good kick with its tripel/dubel combo, and my favorite from my first visit stayed the same in the deep, sweet, mildly bitter Chocolate Love Stout. You'll feel that brotherly love when drinking at Yards. 
Overall, Yard's Brewing Company is a brewery that's doing everything right to be an important, nay essential, strain in the craft beer scene of Philadelphia. It's becoming a must stop location when I find myself in Philly, because I can't turn down an opportunity to partake in everything they have to offer.  For now, I'll drink from my purchased pint glass and pretend I'm George Washington.Came here for a couple flights when visiting philly, as this was the only brewery we could find within walking distance of downtown. The beers were cool and the revolutionary flight is an interesting novelty with beer recipes from America's founding fathers.Beer was good. The food was horrific. Ordered wings. The seems microwaved (mushy not crispy). Also they were green for some reason? 
Friend got a cold chicken sandwiche. Won't be eating here again.You know me.
You put a good beer within my radius and I'm bound to check out the brewery behind it. On a layover, I decided to make the most out of my 8 hours in Philly and trotted over here after checking out Independence Hall. It was early but being on vacation mode never stopped anyone from drinking before noon. I went for the flight and sampled some side pours as well. Their flights are prefixed so you have to pick one of the several items they offer. All options come with a different assortment of pours so the customization isn't possible but you can always order additional half pours. I like the venue. It's big and spacious with a vivid tap and plenty of space for gathering people without being compressed. The beer was really good- it wasn't life-changing but I enjoyed it very much. I'd gladly return on my next trip to Philly. Lord knows I needed several drinks before a long 9 hour flight and they surely delivered.I love yards Beer. I really do 5 out of 5 stars for the beers. BUT this new joint needs to step up their food game. I've been in a handful of times and each time the food was just barely edible. Crab toast with ice cold crab meat, wings and various entrees are all a huge swing and miss. I told the server what I thought and even he admitted that when one of the chefs isn't in the kitchen standards go down the drain. Something tells me that not even the chef would make a difference. My advice to Yards: take a step back, rerack the menu and just go with simple fresh ingredients. It really really needs work. Also, the space (while nice) really lacks a certain measure of personality that the old tasting room had. It feels like any typical chain type restaurant when you walk in. Such high hopes and such disappointment. Hopefully they find their way. 
This is Philly right? Tough love is something we don't shy away from. Good luck! I'll be back but I think I'll stop for dinner somewhere else next time.Walked in and was greeted with a sample, awesome. Took the tour which was interesting and I give mad props to anyone who figured a way to reasonably drink beer at work so props to the tour guide. After we had food which was good and reasonably priced. I had the black bean quesadilla. The beer was fantastic with flights for $5. I left with a 6-pack of the Pink beer. If you live near by or are visiting its not to be missed.We had a great time at the Yards Brewery! Lots of great beer to taste! The tour guide was fun too!The staff and atmosphere are fun and laid back. If you take the tour request Mike. He will keep you laughing the entire time.Great brews, fun (small) menu with daily specials, average service and a convenient location near the river in Philly = Good times!
The free pool is also a bonus!
Sadly didn't go on a tour but would definitely make plans to do so next time I'm in town!My wife and I stopped in at Yards to sample some of their beers at their new location on New Year's Eve.  The new bar and restaurant is very big, with lots of space for when I'm sure it gets busy at night. There is plenty of seating and standing room and there's a pool table as well. I've never had Yards beer before and was pretty impressed.
We ordered their two flights and tried 8 of the beers on tap. My favorites were the Brawler and the Thomas Jefferson Tavern Ale. All 8 beers were delicious, and they definitely have something for everyone's taste. I would look for Yards in my local stores and would love to go back to the brewery again when I'm in town!Yards Brewing Company was an exciting Saturday date!  We biked down to the Brewery, which is fairly easy to find and does have bike parking, and got in with enough time to have a beer before the free tour!
Our tour guide was awesome, definitely one of my favorite brewery tours because of his humor!  Learned a lot about beer and the atmosphere of Yards, which I really appreciated.
I tried the Smoked Bison Sausage Sandwich and it was definitely tasty with a Yards Pale Ale.  Will definitely be back, especially if they have special events.