date night with girlfriend here was perfect. i wouldn't say im so much a foodie but i love to eat good food. 9:45 reservation, walked right to our table. exceptional service from start to finish. Jeff was our server he was great. we both did the 39$ plAn and we started with humus tahani and the most amazing phenomenal soft warm pita bread. next we each chose 2 small plates (fried broccoli, cucumber and yogurt, short rips and potatoes which melted in my mouth, and chicken pastilla!) they were perfect and filling. they also served us side mediterterannean salad items (carrots, zucchini, etc) lamb and beef kofte followed these. incredible and the most amazing flourless frozen almond chocolate cake and some kind of amazing ice cream.... well basically, im a 25 yeAr old student and it was a pleasure spending 122$ on a fantastic meal in an incredible atmosphere with a pretty ambiance with above average service. would most definitely recommendCan't say enough good things about Zahav! This restaurant is an amazing experience from start to finish. Tucked back behind a Rtiz Theatre and Positano Coast, this isn't a place that would normally would stand out, but word has travelled far and wide that this is a must try restaurant in Philly at this point. 
We went in two of the last three years for my wife's birthday and couldn't have left happier. They do every aspect of a restaurant experience right. The servers are all really friendly, and explain what every item is for those of us who's only experience with Israeli food is Zahav. The bartenders treat you like family and take great care of you when dining at the bar. Chris, who was waiting on us from behind the bar last night, was tremendous. He explained everything in great detail, took my wife's dietary restrictions and immediately pointed out three things we'd want to avoid on the menu, and took my love for Bluecoat Gin and instantly had a drink in mind for me, which was delicious. Plus, he was good to chat with for the very short period between courses. 
The food is all so different from what I'm used to, but I am yet to try something here that I didn't love. For example, I've never eaten hummus (I know, not that scary) other than the two visits I've had to Zahav (it's a choice I've made, also won't touch tofu or turkey bacon for example), but when I'm here I'll go for it and it's just delightful. When you consider the fact that when you order the tasting with another person you are going to eat literally about 20 different items in that sitting. There should be something that completely grosses you out, but it just doesn't happen for some reason. You sit there wondering if there could be anyone there not loving their experience. It's that good. 
Some things I loved:
-The hummus, both their traditional tahina and the warm Turkish. Delicious with that bread fresh out of the oven. 
-The crispy grape leaves. Never enjoyed one as much as these. Nice little kick of heat in them as well.
-The grilled Haloumi. This cheese, if you haven't tried it, is a game changer. I honestly didn't even realize it was a cheese when I ordered it, but then instantly remembered the last place I had it, which was Kanella, as soon as I bit into it. So good.
-The fried potato. Super crispy. Super delicious. 
-The branzino. The fish has a perfectly crispy skin on top, great flavor, and the tzatziki just adds to it. 
If you like trying different foods and thinking spending a little extra for a perfect dining experience is worth it, this is somewhere you want to be.As a foodie, I spend a lot of time researching places to eat whenever I visit new cities. I did a last minute trip to Philly and did not really have time to do extensive research. Shame on me.
Luckily, my friends told me about Zahav as I was riding the Amtrak to Philly. I immediately went on OpenTable to book a seat for 1. Surely I could get a table for 1. Well.. nope. The restaurant was full. I looked at a bunch of Yelp reviews and learned that you had to book this restaurant 3 months in advance.  
Well, I decided to walk in and try my luck. After all, Anthony Bourdain did eat here and it is one of my life goals to eat at all the restaurants that he has eaten at.
As soon as I checked into my hotel, I wasted no time in heading to Zahav. I got to the restaurant around 6:30pm and saw a lot of people waiting. Oh no... would I have to wait too? Well, the host led me straight to the bar where there was an open seat. I felt as if I had just won the jackpot!
I settled in my seat and ordered a glass of wine. The bartender that took care of me was absolutely fantastic! I was sitting next to some awkward dude who was eating alone, and we happened to order the same thing. He happened to order before me so his food would come out first, then mine would come out 10 min later, and they were quite similar. I promise I wasn't copying him!
I've never had Israeli cousins before, the only thing I knew was that I would not eat pork. That was the extent of my knowledge. The bartender suggested that I do the "taste of zahav", which consists of a 4 course meal, with multiple dishes in each course. He suggested that I should take it easy on the appetizers, so that I could focus on eating the main course. After all, the appetizers were  easily packable to bring home. The course cost $48, and is a great way to taste everything. You can also do wine paring for an additional $36. Let's dive into each course:
Course #1: salatim & hummus with laffa. Salatim means salads- you get 6 different small salads such as cabbage salad, eggplant salad, green bean salad etc. These were good. The hummus was amazing, there are 3 types to choose from. I had the daily hummus, which had some chicken in it. The bread that comes with the hummus is AMAZING. I almost died. It was so soft and pillowy and fluffy.... Yum. I had a really hard time not eating the whole bread, because I needed to save space for the rest of the courses. 
Course #2: 2 mezze. You can pick 2 small dishes from the menu. I picked the fried cauliflower and haloumi. The dark hearts are quite a popular dish, the guy next to me had it... I am not a fan of eating hearts but if you like hearts, I hear its good here. Both dishes were good. The haloumi was amazing, it came with blueberries and pistachio, which sounds like a weird combination, but actually tasted fantastic. 
Course #3: Al Ha'esh- grilled dish over coals. I had the grilled branzino. To be honest, I was quite full at this point but ate the whole thing. The skin was nice and crispy, the fish was soft and tender.
Course #4: Desert. I had grilled peach with sherbert, and za'atar shortbread.  The shortbread had a nice twice to it, it tasted different from Walkers' shortbread. 
The waiter packed all my leftovers for me in separate containers... which I ate that night before going to bed. 
I had a wonderful experience here and can't wait to come back. Remember, if you walk in by yourself, you might score a seat at the bar with minimal wait! Or else, make your reservation exactly 3 months in advance!I think about that Vanessa Carlton line: "you know I'd walk a thousand miles..." After I booked my recent trip to Philly the next thing I did was to book this restaurant. What an amazing place! Spectacular food and service. The lamb shoulder with pomegranates and chickpeas is indescribably delicious and I will never forget that first mouthful. Fanatical, yes but go and you will understand.Like another reviewer, I had been a bit underwhelmed by my past RW weeks-rushed in and out of places like Butcher & Singer, eating off very limited menus, slow service, etc, etc.  I went for lunch with a friend at Zahav for restaurant week and the experience could not have been better. 
For one, the service was fantastic. My friend and I are both students, and normally are given crappy service as a result. At Zahav, the waiter could not have been more patient, explaining each menu item and its flavors. The owner came over in the middle of our meal to ask how it was going as well as at the end of the meal to make sure we had had a great meal. Our meal was the definition of relaxed comfort-I described the atmosphere to one of my friends as 'like a neighborhood place'.
In terms of highlights, the salatim definitely stands out as a can't miss; a large selection of tasty small dishes. There wasn't a bad dish among the ones we had, each unique and full of flavor. My friend basically devoured the hummus, so I have to assume it was good. The potato latke with salmon was also great; it's the kind of dish that you're sad when it's over because it was that good. The duck kebab kind of looked like a 'duck hamburger' in a small patty; I didn't taste the pistachios in it but it still tasted great.
Perhaps the only not amazing part (of which the service more than makes up for) was the dessert. The pistachio cookie of my caramel semifreddo was very tough, although the flavors were good. my friend had the baklava and didn't like it as much as the regular dishes. 
All in all, I would gladly pay non-RW prices; it was a fantastic experience and I can't wait to come back soon.Wow!! Sometimes I'm not a fan of tapas places because I feel like it's not nearly enough food for the price you pay, but I was told this restaurant was mandatory for a Philly trip so we went on a whim, no reservations, nothing. 
1. Make reservations! We got lucky because we walked in at 10:00 PM and the restaurant closes at 11, so we actually got seated in 15 minutes, but it seems like it would be impossible at normal hours without reservations.
2. Customer service was FANTASTIC. Our server gave great suggestions, didn't rush us, and had a smile on his face until we finally left at midnight. 
3. For small plates, the portions are actually pretty decent. We ordered way too much on the menu so my suggestion would to start with 2 plates per person and see where it takes you. The hummus and salatim are huge portions so start with those for the table and take your time ordering. 
Will definitely be recommending this restaurant to friends visiting Philly!Believe the hype. I made a reservation for my 2 year wedding anniversary and Zahav made it simply magical. 
We ordered from the Tayim tasting menu. Everything was delicious, my husband loved everything and that is enough for me because he is the pickiest eater I have ever met. The service was excellent, gracefully walking the line of attentive and annoying, the best dance I have ever seen for sure. 
We started with complimentary pickled salad and champagne :-) Awww. Everyone knew it was our Anniversary it was adorable how many people congratulated us, this made the night truly special. 
Salatim was simple and delicious, the hummus was amazing. We ordered the krispy grape leaves*, house smoked sable**, fried potato**, and my favorite the crispy haloumi***. We also were able to taste the Cauliflower, thank you chef! We were already stuffed but ate the entire entree anyway! For the entree we enjoyed the Branzino and the Spiced Eggplant. The Branzino was cooked absolutely perfectly, crispy skin with firm but moist meat, and anyone who can make Eggplant equally delicious is a culinary god. 
Thoroughly impressed. 
Thank you for the great anniversary :-).Awesome place!! Went here for my birthday and was not disappointed. The first time I went it was just me and my girlfriend and we thought it was eh. It is better with a larger group and the tasting menu is a must. The hummus is as authentic and tasty as it gets! The service is excellent as well.This was not a favorite a little overpriced and the food quality was decent not crazy good as everyone talked about.  I'm willing to give it another chance but there are far better Middle Eastern restaurants in Philly.5 Star Service - Hostess got me chair to wait out my no reservation appearance, got me a drink, and charged my iPhone! Waiters all remembered my name. So impressed.
Food was amazing. The $45 tasting menu is a great deal! I didn't get that - but I had the Duck Hearts, Crudo, and Branzino - because I'm annoying Californian - no carb - paleo ....I know.
Since I sat the bar, I read the mini-bio on the Chef in his cookbook.... teared me up right away.
I am so glad I didn't sleep in prep for a 6am flight outta Philly the next morning. So glad I dragged my lazy ass out of the hotel to check out this restaurant recommended by my co-workers in our local office. I can't wait to come back!!It was my first time at Zahav and it was also  during restaurant week. I actually called a week in advanced to make a reservation but they were booked. I made a reservation at another restaurant instead. I decided to test my luck and go to Zahav anyway to see if I could at least get a seat at the bar. They were able to accommodate us within minutes of walking in.
 The food was the best food I've ever eaten. I've been to Israel countless times and it was extremely close in taste. I was shocked when I saw lemonnana on the menu. Along with haloumi. It was the best haloumi I've ever had. 
The service was just as excellent. Gabriel was our server and was extremely attentive. The manager, John, also came over and spoke with us and was very nice. Gave us his card and a coupon for our next visit. We will definitely be using that the next time we come in. Hopefully it's soon because I a dying to taste that coffee dessert again.This is probably the best hummus in the world.  And the drinks are spectacular, especially the British Mandate.  I had one of my most enjoyable meals here, it was about 2 hours and eating, relaxing and good company.  We were not rushed through the meal and everything was delicious, even the rabbit!Love love love Zahav.
I went here for my birthday a few months back and was treated to the tasting menu. Each dish that came out ended up being better than the last. However, the dessert was almost unnecessary; I was so ridiculously full that I couldn't justify eating the good, but unmemorable dish. 
Highlights:
- Salatim: absolutely fantastic.  Do. Not. Pass. This. Up. The salads were all unique and flavorful, but the one that really sticks out in my mind was the beet salad. Yum!
- Hummus: the hummus was delicious, but the bread used for dipping honestly was what really made my taste buds happy
- Fried Cauliflower: Probably the only time in my life I've enjoyed eating cauliflower
- The Farsi: Wow. By the time we got to this, I was already full, but still fought my boyfriend for the last bit of it. Seasoned and cooked perfectly
The service here is amazing as well. Very professional and attentive. I don't exactly understand the safari-looking garb, but hey, whatever floats Zahav's boat.
I plan on taking advantage of the wonderful happy hour Zahav offers too: $3 wine and beer and half price hummus. woo hoo!Definitely one of my favourite restaurants in Philly! Been here 2x and both trips to Zahav have been phenomenal. Ambiance is great - not too stiff and formal. Nice music too. Food is topnotch. Menus change but their hummus spread (with other appetisers) is just the perfect way to start a meal. Get the duck hearts. Haloumi + strawberry vinaigrette is a clear winner. Everything is just good.My first restaurant experience since moving into Philly...Def not a bad choice.
Ambiance: Zahav has a very rustic and modern look. Gives off a very good vibe. The only (slight) negative here was the choice of music playing. I came with my girlfriend at 9pm and they were playing songs like "I got 5 on it" and Wiz Khalifa...Easy fix, but it took away from the feel of the place a bit.
Service: Top quality. No complaints. They were very helpful and knowledgeable. Everyone that approached us seem to be very happy working at Zahav.
Food: We did the tasting menu which had everything we wanted to order. Unfortunately, the lamb shoulder (one of the favorites at Zahav) was sold-out. Regardless, the food was excellent. Highlights include the Crispy Haloumi (fried cheese), Crispy Lamb Tongue (which our waitress astutely described as the Israeli bacon), and finally the white chocolate cake for dessert with a side of Turkish coffee. The only dish we recommend staying away from was the Lamb and Beef Kotuf Meatball...It was too dense and had a strong flavor that was neither lamb nor beef.
Overall, we loved this restaurant and will be back very soon but will make sure to reserve a lamb shoulder ahead of time.This is my favorite restaurant, hands down, for so many reasons. First, the flavors are unique. Second, the service is excellent. Third, I love the decor and ambiance.  The walls are painted warm colors and the decor has the middle eastern/ exotic touches.  They offer the prixe fix menu which is a good deal.  The food is excellent and the servers will answer any questions you have.  The turkish hummus is really good.  You must try the haloumi!!!  And the cauliflower!!  My out of town guests enjoyed it, as well as a vegetarian friend.Sitting at the bar amongst many others,  the atmosphere remained romantic. Although it was the most money I spent on myself for a single dinner ever, it was worth the experience.Definitely one of my most favorite restaurants in Philadelphia. I was in love with the atmosphere, service, and variety and taste of the food. This is about as good of a meal as you'll get in the city and at reasonable price too. The salads and hummus to start off could be a good meal by themselves. I personally like the eggplant and carrot salads. The tapas feel to the restaurant was great because you get to try at least a few of the dishes. The grape leaves and lamb dishes were my favorites. You should definitely go in with open minds and be willing to try a variety of interesting dishes. The desserts are good, and they'll switch up the menu once every few months so there's always something new to try. The servers were so attentive as well, it's like they knew that I wanted some more laffa bread before I even knew I wanted more. Their drinks are delicious and made very well. The restaurant itself is on a hill, so on a sunny day, the restaurant itself lights up and the decor is pleasant. It's not very loud either so you can enjoy a romantic dinner or casual business event in peace.Phenomenal restaurant, would give a 4.5 star if that was an option. Doesn't quite make the cut for 5 star in my mind. with some notes to add to the previous reviews-
Best dishes were the golden beets - very unique combination. Lamb entree with squash was phenomenal. Chicken was extremely moist.
Personally, I though the cauliflower was a bit salty. They should give more Labneh to balance it out. 
Eggplant dish was great - but should have more sauce - just to balance it a bit better, plus the sauce looked good.
One other thing - get the harissa and other hot pepper combo - hands down best I ever had in my life! This alone makes the trip worth it.We have been to Zahav a few times and the food is always great. The service waivers. If I pay for the chef's menu and you don't describe any of the dishes, how am I really supposed to know what I am eating? The food is always on point though!Food and service is EXCELLENT.  My only complaint is the noise level due to the music that they blast. Found myself yelling across the table while trying to have a conversation with my dining companion. If they lowered the music, this would be my favorite restaurant in the city. Hands down.One of the best place in town for Israel food
Love it!  I go there almost every week
Love everyone there !  Sometime it  feels like I'm going homeHaving eaten at Zahav a few times I have to say it's always been a really great dining experience. 
The food and service always deserve five stars, but one star is removed because the cake I ordered both times was dry, and on the smaller size. The server when asked said it was ok for sharing. 
That's really minor and if I could take off a half or quarter star it'd be more appropriate. But I can't; so four stars it is. 
But let's get real for a moment. The hummus and flatbread (laffa...) is life changing. 
All flavors are vibrant and will make your mouth dance. 
It's not as expensive as you would imagine for food that is simple yet elevated. 
Excited to go back soon!It happened to me with 'Lost in Translation'- I was told it was the best movie in 5 years and when I actually saw it, I was disappointed (and frankly still am). Inevitably experiences are measured relative to expectations and my guess is that living up to some of the expectations would have been virtually impossible.
Zahav was good, definitely nice food with a pleasant and helpful staff and a good ambience. But the food was good not great (and this even after I revised my expectations to more reasonable levels) and that is not a bad thing.
The specifics- the salads are pleasant and the bread that comes with is nice and fresh. the hummus can be given a miss for sure. The cauliflower is well made, the crispy halumi is nice but you need a larger group to do it justice. The kugel was interesting and the duck hearts are tasty (but not for the faint of heart :)). The lamb merguez was good but not the best I've ever had. The branzino was tasty and well made. The deserts were good. I had a cocktail (the desert rose) and it was pleasant and easy to drink.
I think people who like this place would be best served recommending it in more muted tones to other people :)A very fine restaurant with a unique simple elegant ambience and very proper service. I was somehow not so happy with the food and felt that most of the items that we ordered was high on salt. I went there on my birthday and we were 4 people. So, we did order a lot of food and atleast 3 items were high on salt. I loved the mushroom entree though.!It's not Zahav, it's me. I didn't LOVE the food like everyone else does. I liked it, it was good, but I'll never crave it. I'm happy to have checked this place off my to-eat list. 
Don't get me wrong, the dining experience, service, and music (Nelly's Ride with Me and Whitney Houston's Your Love is my Love) were all 5 star. We were brought several complimentary dishes which made us feel special.
Dining Partner and I got our reservation two months in advance. We both did the tasting menu. It's a great value for $48 per person. Dining Partner also sprung for the wine pairing. The vegetable salads and hummus were incredible. But after that, I really had to make a conscious effort to keep consuming. I got lost at the mezze. I liked the cauliflower, but wasn't feeling the sable or the rhubarb. The entrees of brisket weren't what we were expecting. 
The desserts were great. The custard was complimentary, the chocolate olive oil cake was rich and delicious and Dining Partner loved the Squash konafi.
Even though I didn't love the food, I left two hours later stuffed to the gills. It's a dining experience that's unparalleled.We chose Zahav as our special 25th wedding anniversary dining spot. Had not been before, but I can say that we surely will go again. Felt like we were on a foodie adventure. Not being completely familiar with the cuisine we opted for the tasting menu (Tayim). So much delicious, uniquely flavored and gourmet prepared food! The Turkish Hummus was creamy, buttery, garlicky. Used every morsel of laffa to scoop it all up. And, at least 6 delicious accompanying condiments. The richly glazed carrots were a highlight. I won't go through all the plates we had but were little delicious works of art. We tried the grilled duck hearts and the sweetbreads and while they were like nothing I've ever had I can't say they were my absolute favorite, though they were flavorful and tasty. The crispy haloumi with dates walnuts and apples had a smoky firm outer shell with a warm cheesy center. That coupled with moist date paste was a high spot of the meal. My pick for the more substantial dish (Al Ha'esh) was the coal grilled hanger steak with eggplant, sesame and pine nuts. Succulent chunks of dark sauce coated beef.  For dessert we had the peanut baklava with chocolate ice cream with sour cherry sauce. Could barely finish the meal we were so full. But we did!
I really have to praise the entire Zahav staff. When I set the reservation I just actually mentioned that it was our anniversary. Didn't give it a thought really. They must have noted it in the computer and we were surprised to be treated to a special small plate from the chef, two glasses of champagne for a toast, and a lit candle along side our dessert. And, truly heartfelt kind words from the staff.  A wonderful touch. This is a main reason why they are so highly rated. 
All in all, a truly a first class, memorable dining experience.I was surprised for my 'special' birthday with a reservation to go to Zahav by my hubby for al 3 of us, my husband, daughter and myself.  I must preface by saying our daughter has been there and has raved about it.  After looking at the menu, I have been really wanting to go for a very long time to have this fine dining experience. Last night I got to enjoy  this amazing establishment. It was every thing I dreamed of and more! Every morsel of our 9 plates we ordered were just terrific and bursting with flavor. Kudos to your entire staff......especially, Okan Yazici, who went above and beyond to make my dining experience that much more special for my 60th celebration! Also all of our desserts were incredible! 
Hope to see you again very soon ! 
                                                            Fran S.Enjoyed dinner here except for one thing, the server never brought the entree we ordered.  Thankfully we over ordered apps/salad courses and were just splitting the entree anyway.  Food was great with right size portions, leaning to the smaller side though.  Service could be better, I have been there twice and both times mediocrity is an overstatement, but the overall experience was fine both times so I will make it there a third time at least.Best service I have ever received & delicious food! I came here to celebrate my birthday. My sister made reservations months in advanced and we were very excited for this meal. It exceeded all expectations. When we arrived there was a wait so the host brought everyone in my party over a glass of complimentary wine. When we sat down I looked at the menus and they had printed "happy birthday megan" on my party's menu! I was so surprised! The food was excellent and was great to share! I will definitely be back.Absolutely amazing experience! From the pre-appertizers, to the actual appetizers, then entrees, n desserts. The wine selection is spectacular!! This just became one of my favorite places to eat!Zahav is an expierence. The atmosphere and the food come together and transport you out of philadelphia while you are there. The Turkish Hummus is a must. My wife and I did the chef's  tasting menu and it did not disappoint. The food and staff really lived up to the hype. Do yourself a favor and make a reservation if you can. Only then will you truely realize why Zahav is considered one of Philly's best resturants.Truly an amazing 5 star restaurant in every sense of the word! Outstanding food, service, ambience! Well over a dozen small plates and absolute excellence in every one! Special thanks to John, the maitre de, for the tour and conversation! All six in our party agreed it was worth every minute of the 2 hour drive to eat here!What can I say that others have not already said?  If people could only go to one restaurant in Philadelphia, and they asked me which one it should be, I think Zahav would be a fierce competitor.  Why?  Because it's something different - there is nothing else like it in the city.  Because it introduces you to tastes and foods you didn't know you liked.  Because it's so flavorful that you can get full on the hummus and salatim alone.
I can't say enough about how delicious this place is.  I always wish for a second stomach when I go.  Occasionally a third.  
You are really, truly missing out if you skip Zahav.Wonderful overall dining experience! All the food was tops, starting with the hummus and laffa (flatbread). Hummus with meatballs and tomato sauce was unusual and great. Haloumi cheese was nice. Salatim had several excellent dips, especially the eggplant. Fried cauliflower had a great sauce too. Owner walked around, welcoming guests, a couple of times, and he stopped to spend several minutes with our table of 8, which also added to the warmth and feeling of welcomeness. We shared three of the four offered deserts, and all were delicious. We even realized that they'd let us overstay our expected time there, with no hint to get us moving to open up the t. Just a very fine experience.I've been here once for Restaurant Week and liked the food. Unfortunately, when trying to book for a second visit, I was very disappointed by the customer service.
I was told after calling multiple times for a reservation that I couldn't book for more than 60 days in advance. I was instructed to call back again (60 days before my planned date for my reservation), but after multiple calls again, the person who picked up said that tables were already booked online.
How is this even possible?! At least they should have given me a heads-up to book online and not waste time calling again.The food was definitely flavorful and good, BUT as others have said - not sure if it's worth the cost considering the incredibly small portion sizes. And when I say small, it is VERY SMALL.  Don't come here hungry unless you're prepared to shell out a lot of money for small amounts of food. They are like tapas style portions, maybe smaller.  
Our group ordered different items off the dinner menu, 1 from the Mezze ("small plates") section and 3 from Al Ha'esh ("grilled over coals") section.
What we tried:
-The kofte : consisted of 2 meatballs (average size meatballs)
-The spicy eggplant : consisted of what seemed like a 1/2 inch thin slice of eggplant layered over about 5 small spoonfuls of couscous.  
-The duck kebab: small amount of meat
-The baked kibbe: portion is smaller than the palm of a young woman's hand 
Pros:
-Everything tasted good!
-Employees, especially the bartender, were friendly.  The bartender took the time to answer our questions about the ingredients of the food and made suggestions.
-Dishes were nicely presented
Cons:
-VERY SMALL portions!
-Expensive for the amount of food you receiveZahav! My most favorite Philadelphia restaurant. Every time I go, I leave so, so happy and looking forward to my next visit. The food, service and drinks are all on point. The hummus is delicious, the salatim are outstanding (I particularly like eggplant and beets) and the lamb shoulder is the best food I have ever had.  My husband and I have only been once when we did not order the Mesibah tasting menu. It was great that time, but we left wishing we had eaten the Lamb. It is melt in your mouth delicious.  If you havent been yet, GO! Or better yet, Don't. That makes it easier for me to get a resevation when I wan to go.I live in Israel for a year and became a snob about Israeli food -- I try all the Israeli food I can find, hoping I'll find something worth eating again, and am almost always disappointed.  I finally succeed with Zahav.  This was one of the best meals I've ever had, and certainly the best Israeli food I've had outside of Israel.
To be fair, most of the food is not "authentic" Israeli food, but food with an Israeli spin or flavor.  Everything we had was delicious, fresh and interesting. The hummus, lafah (middle easter flat bread) and many of the salads are very authentic.  The hummus is probably the best hummus I've ever had.
I'm a vegetarian, and there were plenty of vegetarian options.
We did the tasting menu, which was a great way to sample many different dishes. The plates are small, but there was so much as part of the tasting that we ended up taking a couple of things home.
The service was excellent -- the staff checked up on us without being annoying about it.  I always drink a ton of water, and my glass was never empty.Amazing.  I now understand the 2 month wait for a table here, and it's well worth it!  First, the drinks.  I tried the Marble Rye...and didn't try anything else for the rest of the night.  If you're a fan of Rye, you must try this cocktail- it's incredibly smooth and delicious.  Others in my company tried the Lemonnana and the Desert Rose (which were both sweet and refreshing). 
Next, the food. We decided to do the Taste of Zahav- this the best way to try the menu! Since we had a company of 5, we ended up trying nearly everything, and everything was delicious! A few stand outs: The chilled potato lovage soup (crispy cod fritters and a light chilled cream soup), the crispy haloumi, the fried cauliflower, the kibbe naya, the duck kebab, crispy branzino, and the moroccan chicken.  Our favorite desserts were the rugelach and the kataifi.  Everything was incredibly delicious! Looking forward to going back!Great place!  Food is very good.  Service was excellent.  Music and vibe were also solid.  I rarely give 5 starts but Zahav deserves it.Undoubtedly one of the best restaurants of this Greater Philadelphia Area. The malabi custurd in their dessert menu is a must have item. 
Very polite and helpful staff. Perfect level of music volume, right mix of music and ambience. 
I am a vegetarian and Usually I do not get much options to eat at regular restaurants but here I had options in all of the categories infact I had a full 4 course dinner.
Julie from Zahav was helping us with our orders and serving the food, she is best at her job. She explained us about all the food items patiently when the items were served. She helped us understand the various Israeli foods so that we can make an informed decision before ordering the food. 
I came to Zahav with 6 of my friends for The New Year Eve dinner, and it became pleasant mainly because of her.
If you have not tried this restaurant then you should definitely try this. I will not be surprised if this gets listed in top 50 restaurants in USA.We went to Zahav in Friday. Reservations are crazy hard to come by, but we were only a party of two so we decided to chance it and wait for a bar table. We arrived at 6 and it took about an hour or so to be seated. We had cocktails and made best friends with others who were waiting. We were sat at the counter that looks into the kitchen so we had a front row seat to the magic. Food was delicious and service was impeccable. We decided to order the chefs tasting menu with the lamb shoulder. Everything we had was so unique and tasty. Can't wait to go back!Worth the wait no matter what it is. We come here twice a year from California and we make our reservation about 3 weeks out. Make sure you get the chef tasting with the lamb,its the best thing I have ever had, hands down. if I had to chose a last meal to have on this earth, the lamb would be itWent there Saturday night. My man had made reservations for us to celebrate our one year anniversary and apparently had informed them of it being a special night for us. 
The place has a great ambiance; warm, spacious and with a great view. We started off with Syrah wine. Since I am a vegetarian our waiter helped us select vegetarian dishes and guided us through out our whole meal. 
The portion sizes are quite small... its like eating at tapas bar. We started off with cheese dish called Crispy Haloumi. It was one of our most favorite. Then we got some fried caulifower which has a most delicious yogurt dip I have ever had. The third dish that we ordered was Galil eggplant. The dish was flavorful and appetizing.
The two things which were our least favorites were stuffed pepper and hummus. It was the best hummus ever but just that in front of all the other new flavors it fell short. It was as good as  hummus can get and neither of us are die hard fan of hummus. 
For desserts we ordered almond baklava... the filling melted in the mouth. 
But what made our night spectacular and mind blowing was the on the house champagne and chocolate sorbet. It made our night so extra special and well it made us change our mind about sorbet because that was nothing short of heavenly.  We left the place so happy that it was unbelievable.
Yes the one year together was special and Zahav made is so very extra special. I am glad we took our chances with it for the night. Entire staff was genuine and made it a great night for us.Would have been 4+ but 3.5 stars.
My friend and I took the chance of dropping in to Zahav while we were visiting Philly on a week night - we were told that it is a very popular restaurant and they usually are almost always booked to capacity. However we lucked out and were seated by the chef's station which was awesome - we got to see orders being called out and refined before hitting the tables as well as see the grilling station. The hostesses and the woman who got us situated at our seats were incredibly friendly however what was a downer was our waiter Simon. He seemed to lack any enthusiasm servicing us that left us feeling meh about him, putting a damper on the meal.
For food we shared:
* Hummus - Turkish (garlic and butter) with Laffa - a must! the laffa is soft and warm and is seasoned with spices and oil, and the hummus is even softer if you can imagine like you are eating pillows not that I know what eating pillows is like but the hummus just melts in your mouth even with the whole chick peas
* Fried cauliflower - delicious as well and paired very well with the mint sauce and I would even say that there was not enough green sauce, i would have taken some laffa to soup it up!
* Home smoked sable - this was good too tho not my favorite, there is a soft poached egg that is broken when this small plate is split
* Chicken shishlik - on the saltier side but oh so good, i loved the cracklings that accompanied the chicken and it was grilled to perfection - so tender and soft! i could have kept eating these
* Lamb merguez - this was yummy too! the lamb itself was good and i don't think anything to write home about - it is done well - but when paired with the cranberry and tahina and squash the lamb was elevated to another level. The dish could have used a few more cranberries!
* And kindly received two amuse bouches - these were of course welcomed into our stomachs but did not think they were amazing. one was fried filo dough with an apple mixture - the crunchiness was nice! and the other was a yogurt concoction with pomegranate and squash which was my least favorite of everything we had.
We decided to forego dessert as we weren't grabbed by any and what we ate had been awesome. As an aside we were told that the coffee custard was by far better than any other ones on the menu. What is also nice is that they offer complimentary sparkling water. I would definitely come back to Zahav though hope for another waiter.This was my first time trying Israeli food and it was phenomenal! All of their food is small plates. I went with a large group and we ordered a bunch of items; loved all of them except the chicken. Here's what we got:
-Tehnia Hummus - loved it! It comes with Laffa which is very good
-Turkish hummus - what doesn't taste good with butter and garlic?!
-Walnt kale tabbouleh - I've never tried kale tabbouleh and it was a very interesting combo. 
-Fried cauliflower - you will not be disappointed. 
-Grilled haloumi - I cannot explain the flavors of this dish but my far one my fav at Zahav. It's got a smoky, salty, sweet mix.
Chicken shishlik - was not impressed at all. it was very bland.
Eggplant - also amazing!
Crimini mushrooms - loved this dish as well.
Lamb Merguez - this was also one of my other favorite dishes!
kibbe naya - i didn't try this dish but my friends raved about it as well!This. Place. Came here to celebrate my friend's engagement, got a reservation several weeks in advance in the last possible spot, but it totally lived up to the hype. The staff was helpful and courteous, each dish was expertly prepared, flavorful, and unique, and we felt like the only important guests when they brought us champagne and complimentary appetizers (which totally put me over the top in terms of stomach-space). Our server was so helpful in making our menu choices, and hilarious. I am already scheming to come back with my husband so we can order the lamb shoulder, since my friend was vegetarian.Everything is delicious and the servers are excellent - before it gets too crowded.  
Dinner for our one year wedding anniversary and it was quite special.  We went with the tasting menu and it was more than enough food for 2 meals!  For two people ($39/each, i believe) you get hummus, 6 little "salads" (the beets are to die for), 4 small plates, bread (which you can order more of), 2 large plates and 2 desserts.  Ended up taking entrees (fish and duck pattys) and desserts home. They say small plates, but the plates aren't that small and with the 6 salads, hummus, bread, 4 "small" plates, 2 large plates, and 2 desserts - you could feed 4 people easily and still be too full!  The vanilla custard is superb, haloumi, artichokes,  and cauliflower are a must, and the fish is exquisite.  All of the flavors are slightly exotic and the duck patty (large plate) had quite a bit of complexity going on.  You will not be disappointed or hungry when you leave.
We ate early (545), but still managed to be there for about 2 hours until the restaurant was maxed out capacity wise.  Eating early allowed us to both park easily and have a conversation while dining that disappeared into the cacophony of the later dinner hours.  The tables are all smaller - except for the large community dining table - and you can easily share in conversations going on all around you.  There is also a bar along the kitchen for people to dine at which seemed pretty cool.
All in all will definitely be back, but will prob order a lot less food and save a few bucks.Well worth the drive down from Long Island NY.  We made reservations for dinner 9 weeks ago and the unique food and atmosphere were great !  I would highly recommend the humus with tehina as an appetizer.  My main course was the Brisket Kofte and I loved it ! Best desert on the table was the Sachleb Konafi - excellent !!!I went to Zahav with my girlfriend and her family for Restaurant Week.  I would have expected a much better meal than what was presented and what was expected of a restaurant with the esteem that Zahav carries.  The food was average, somewhat over salted, and everything came out at different times so there was always someone waiting to eat.  The Hummus was the highlight of the meal.  It was outrageous.  I guess it was so good, it overshadowed everything else.  the Duck livers were ok, the duck was ok, the only thing I thought was good was the hanger steak, and that was average.  I also heard about the special lemonade and the ice tea, I don't see what was so good about it.  It was just too sugary to enjoy.  The services was amazing, so that I do have to say is a major plus.  My girlfriend is vegetarian and she was only able to eat one of the appetizers and the dessert, which is odd from such a renowned restaurant.  I don't think I would go back if I had to pay for it.  Sorry to say, but the first impression of this place was not a very good one.*****Zahav, Zahav, Zahav. Feels Like a Migos Song or Something*****
FOOD
Salatim: Don't sleep on the cabbage. The Beets are an older fave than even The Beats on Doug (killer tofu, anyone?), but the cabbage was my favorite.
Hummus and Bread: the SINGLE GREATEST DISH I have ever eaten in the United States! Thank you, Based Zahav. Someday, I will treat myself to an AYCE hummus sesh at the bar. For reference, went to Dizengoff for lunch, and this completely blew it away (which is no stab at Dizengoff). Bread is one my favorite foods and it doesn't get better than Zahav's laffa folks.
Mezze:
Duck Hearts: a classic favorite. Salty even by Zahav standards but the muscle is exquisite.
Sable: On a previous visit, I found this dish "inspirational." This rendition gave a more "uplifting" vibe. From the bread, to the egg, to the delicate fish, the dish gets increasingly lighter, providing a fresh, enlivening energy.
Kibbe: another old favorite
Haloumi: Classic dish but this is the best rendition I have had (dat date sauce doh). Gotta get multiple orders when sharing with a big group.
Cauliflower: A Zahav staple. Highly recommended for first timers. 
Crispy Grave Leaves: these were great, but not my favorite among the mezze
Cobia Crudo: If you could make a mini pizza out of fish, this would be it. Nice spicy sauce complements the raw fish well. Recommended for the adventurous
Al Ha'esh
Crimini Mushrooms: Very good but not the best I've ever had. 
Branzino: Also exquisite but portion could have been a little larger (~4 small bites).
Lamb Merguez: mmm mmm good.
Beef and Lamb Kofte: see lamb merguez
Rice: Would have liked to see a slightly bigger portion, not because I had room for it, but just because its rice. I'm just really looking for reasons to criticize, at this point...Please bring the Ribeye back, Zahav!!! 
Dessert: true sleeper of the meal. Wasn't expecting this as a strength but Zahav is still #zahav. Wasn't a huge fan of the complexity and sourness of the sourbet but it was a hit at the table. Ice cream sandwich was small (cut into 3 pieces) but delicious. Chocolate mousse had the most decadent cream. Kataifi had a great variety of texture and I felt one of the largest portions.
SERVICE: It's like they secretly slip a magnet in your food that repels you from the staff when you walk around the restaurant. If you are sitting on the open end of a table, good luck trying to make it to the restroom and back before your napkin is neatly folded. Same goes for seeing the bottom of the water glass, quite impressive given the massive quantities of water necessary with a neverending rather salty feast at the table. Service would seem over the top if they couldn't pull it off, but boy do they pull it off. 
PLAYLIST ANALYSIS: Up to this point we're at six stars. Zahav flexed an upbeat variety, with The Dream to dropping sidetracks from College Dropout (School Spirit) and the Black Album (Lucifer). Even paired Nas and Jay songs with only one song in btwn!! If anyone can pull that off, it's Zahav. But the one moment where things went too far...to my utter shock, I heard Drake (fortunately not while I was enjoying that hummus). I wasn't expecting to hear Meeks weak response to Back to Back, but dropping a sing songy Drake track? TOO SOON, Zahav, TOO SOON.
WEBSITE: Single greatest website music ever. Really want to bump this at my wedding. Until then...link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nBuBAOxtLpI
FINAL VERDICT: I can't imagine why anyone besides Jeezy ("standing at my podium, trying to watch my sodium") and maybe Meek would not fall in love with Zahav. Get rid of the Drake and I'll consider petitioning Yelp to add a sixth star #zahavAnd again my friend comes in with the clutch reservation during restaurant week! I loved all the dishes. The pre apps reminded me of kimchi at a KBBQ. I loved it. The bread was soo fresh and delicious. Hummus was on point.
My favorite 3 dishes by far were the duck hearts, the fish, and the Chocolate ice cream sandwich.
Hit this place up if you can get a reservation. If you get there early the bar should be open and you can eat there too! Early is like 4:50 ish. After 5:00pm you probably can only get a table through reservation during restaurant week because it is typically booked. Good luck trying to get in.
We shared a bottle of champagne and it went really well with all the dishes. Definitely try this place out!Please believe the hype about Zahav! This restaurant was nothing short of amazing while dining out with 3 of my girlfriends before a night out. I don't think I have had a better/more genuine service at any  restaurant before. 
We started with the hummus which was amazing and then ordered the chicken/beef shishlik, the eggplant dish and the foie gras dish. Everything was amazing! What happened next was the kicker. We were given (free of charge) stuffed (chicken) grape leaves which I didn't see on the menu, both shishlik dishes were comped because they came out less than 5 mins late. I didn't even notice as I was too busy enjoying my beverage so this came as a surprise to us. We were also given a free dessert, and a round of free cocktails at the end of the meal. I honestly don't know who they thought we were but I felt very spoiled throughout my stay at this restaurant. The waiters were always nearby to refill our water glasses and clear the plates/offer fresh utensils. Every single dish we tried was amazing and our plates were wiped clean. Also, our vegetarian friend who usually never finds anything to eat was stuffed and very impressed by this place. Zahav won my heart and is now my no 1 restaurant in all of Philadelphia. Please do book a table ahead of time as it can be a bit tough to get a reservation. If I could give them over 5 stars, I definitely would. 
P.S: The lamb shoulder is no longer on the menu but the next time I come back, I'll be doing the tasting menu!Go here.  Order anything, doesn't matter.  
Went with a party of 4 ordered the tasting menu, so we had a bit of everything and it was all delicious.  
Honestly, was better than some of the food I had in Israel.  I wish I could go back here more often, but it's extremely difficult to make reservations here.  If you get a reservation, go!  
Hummus = delicious, everything else = amazing
No need for more detail, go here and try for yourself!I have been to this restaurant a few times now and every times it seems harder and harder to get a table here :-)
That means only one thing, the Food is sensational. We have tried and liked almost all the items on the menu but a few like the Sable, Lamb Merguez, Chicken Shashlik are simply amazing. 
This is one of my favorite places to dine in Philly and will be coming here again. A must for anyone who enjoys the small plate style, in fact a must for anyone who enjoys good food period.Highly recommend this place for dinner - we did the tasting flight, which was perfect because you got to taste a little bit of everything on the menu (dessert included- so worth it!) 
The $48/per person tasting flight includes an arrangement of six Mediterranean salads, hot hummus with naan bread, a choice of two starters, a main entre kebab, and dessert. The salads were so unique, ranged from eggplant, cabbage, pickled carrots with pinenuts, beet, greenbeans. Then the hummus... probably the best I have tasted in my life - it comes in a small hot pan and just melts in your mouth. The starter dishes can be a little on the wild side, but they were good nonetheless. I loved the roasted cauliflower! (brought from the kitchen as a gift). If you have a hard time deciding which one to go with, just ask your server - they were real helpful. We then had lamb kebabs and ended with the custard dessert. And don't forget the Turkish coffee... warning you may not sleep. 
The ambiance and the music of the place suits well and we had a seat at the counter which over looked into the kitchen - fun treat to witness how amazing dishes at a restaurant like this come together. Overall 5 stars - will dream of returning.If there was a restaurant that defines perfection for me, it's Zahav. The food, atmosphere, service... all a wonderful dining experience and made for an excellent restaurant week choice. I was a little uncertain about the idea of upscale Middle Eastern food, but WOW Zahav really changed my mind. Read Jenna's review, it's pretty much accurate.... this place is AMAZING. I can only imagine what this place is like when it isn't restaurant week.
Small plates (salatim - included salads of beets, eggplant, cucumber, carrots) and hummus to start. Round 2 were the fried cauliflower, haloumi, sweetbreads and duck hearts. My sister LOVED her cauliflower and I pretty much lost my mind over how good the duck hearts were. I got the duck kebab for the main course and my sister got the merguez, all were delicious and we were satisfied but with room for the dessert. My sister got the pistachio cake and I got the rugelach, which was tasty but I thought could be served with an ice cream or something to help with the dryness of it. 
The service was absolutely top notch. The server was very knowledgeable and helpful. Our plates were cleared quickly, utensils replaced, table wiped regularly.
A wonderful dinner experience, highly recommended!My first piece of advice: COME HUNGRY. Second piece of advice: PREPARE TO STAY AWHILE. Final piece of advice: BOOK IN ADVANCE. Like 3-4 weeks, especially if you have a bigger group. We learned this lesson in the past but finally booked in plenty of time to suit our party of 6. When I called to confirm the reservation they asked if we were celebrating anything special. In fact, we were and they did not forget. More about that later.
So our group ordered the Tayim, a 4-course meal for $45. Because there were so many of us we were able to try every mezzo and double up on some of the more popular ones. There is so much to rave about.
First course: The hummus is absolutely the most incredible hummus I've ever had. EVER. Creamy, well-balanced...it was hard not to lick the plate. The laffe is fluffy and suited perfectly for the salatim options which were each amazing. I especially enjoyed the eggplant, chickpeas and kohlrabi.
Second course: SO MANY MEZZEs. Eight options, in fact. I'm vegetarian so I didn't partake of the meat offerings but the haloumi and grape leaves were outstanding! 
Main course: I had the eggplant that comes with a garlic tehina and veggie harissa. They were two adorable baby eggplants that were just the right size after filling up on so much from the first and second courses. I was nervous this part of the meal would tilt the scale into overstuffed territory but that was not the case. The toppings had a little kick to them, absolutely a perfect compliment to the star of the dish.
Dessert: Before our desserts came out, they brought a little treat with a candle for one of my friend's birthday. They gave us 6 pieces of this nougat treat so we could all partake. It was a nice touch! As for regular dessert, I chose the pistachio cake which was simply scrumptious. Some friends opted for the grapefruit sorbet but I'm not a huge fan of that fruit so it wasn't my thing. Another friend opted for the coffee custard and the whole table agreed, his was the winning dessert. Just delicious!
The only thing that threw me off was the music. It was a journey from rock to hip-hop to songs that frat parties used to play in college...20 years ago. Given the beautiful decor and simplicity of the restaurant, I was expecting something a bit more cultural. But it wouldn't deter me from returning. 
Overall this restaurant deserves the reputation it has earned. Our waitress was lovely and made all the right suggestions. The staff gives you adequate time between courses to savor and enjoy every bit with a small rest period in between. We never once felt rushed. And we definitely walked away full and content. Can't wait to come back!Amazing restaurant, laid back homefelt service. Food is amazing...intriguing and fun menu. Must go. Went with no reservations and after about 45 minutes got 4 seats at the chef counter. great experience, if you are questioning whether to go or not you absolutely shouldThis place is really good, but pretty pricey.  The service can be a bit slow, but I think that is by design, as there are generally many different courses with the small plates, and is part of the experience.  
I would recommend Zahav for a special occasion, as the food really is very tasty and diverse.I was really excited to go to this restaurant since reservations were not easy to get. The ambience was nice and excellent location. However the food that I had was awful tasting and the prices were high.Service was 5 stars, but the food was 3. Let's call it 3.5 stars. The good....service was spot on, it was our wedding anniversary so they provided us complimentary champagne before our meal and one of the servers came up and congratulated us.  The hummus and bread , and sides we great.  The rest of the meal was average, I am not a big fan of overly smoked food and it felt like most of the dishes had that constant taste.  The lambs tongue was interesting, glad I tried it but prob would not order it again. The duck was good but not amazing. It is not overly expensive for the tasting meal , but don't think we would come back any time soon.Hands down my favorite restaurant in the city. I only wish I could go more often but reservations are hard to come by! We usually go for Valentines Day and it is truly the only restaurant I enjoy going to on Valentines Day - service is always above and beyond excellent.This place is perfect for pretty much any occasion: dates, girls nights or (my favorite) a #treatyoself for no reason night. Their tasting menu is very reasonably priced and definitely the best bet. You get to try a little of everything and (hopefully) whoever you're with is a good sharer. Anything that looks "weird" is going to be amazing: duck hearts, sweet breads, etc. And the warm hummus is to die for. The wine list is impressive, but overpriced in my opinion. I generally stick with the cocktail list to be "economical". 
The ambiance is perfect and I've always been stuck by the awesome waitstaff- they are all knowledgeable, quick with recommendations but very unpretentious. It seems like they're excited to work there and see you try everything.This place is absolutely amazing. My vodka and grapefruit had fresh squeezed juicy, the food was excellent, and the ambiance is sexy. Highly recommend.Impressive! Food is delicious, atmosphere is great, and service is very good!
Tasting menu would be too much for two ladies although we were hungry before the meal. We (2 people) ordered a hummus with toppings (today is veal), two mezzes, two Al Ha'esh and a dessert. Totally full after the dinner.
The hummus is very impressive with its fine and smooth texture, and the topping today is a perfect match with it! The pita is tasty and special because of the spice on it. 
Smoked sable is amazing and tasty. Haloumi tastes special with a little crispy but chewy inside, and also with the strawberry sauce under it.
Branzino is tender of its meat and crispy of its skin, and sauce adds points on it. Lamb meguez is good with he sour vegetables under it, but not as much impressive as the others.
Coconut cream konafi is very very delicious with smooth inside full of coconut flavor, loose but crispy outside and a sour fruit on it seeping the juice into the bottom part. Must have a try!I haven't been in Society Hill for awhile as I have an ex-girlfriend living in the immediate area, ah-hem, and I try to avoid a coincidental meeting like the plague.  That being said, I should have worn a disguise and went here sooner when first recommended to me a couple of years ago.  This place rocks, along with my priceless company for the evening.  ;-)
The menu was unique with varied options, and every dish was presented, prepared and absofuckinglutely tasted phenomenal.  The combination of flavors, textures, spices and ingredients were pieced together like a mini version of The Dream Garden at the Curtis Building.  Well, not quite, but my analogy made me smile. :-)
I'm not going through each dish, as I thought everything we had was perfect.  And the service from Luke and Tori (no General Hospital jokes please) was superior.  Even the hostess at the door was cordial, friendly and accommodating. 
This will be added to my list of regular spots I frequent.  Even the fear of confrontation from women who fall under the category of "women who hate me", could not stop me.One of the our favorite restaurants in the Philadelphia area. Amazing food and fantastic ambiance. Getting parking near the restaurant may be tricky and there is usually a long wait for the table - so make reservations before you go.One of the best meals I ever had! Make sure you get the hummus. I can eat with just a spoon!I was so excited to experience Zahav tonight. Unfortunately it didn't live up to the hype.  I had been hearing so much about the best restaurant in Philly and the unbelievable tasting menu at Zahav, but it fell pretty flat. Starting off the greeting was warm and friendly.  My boyfriend and I had an early reservation on a Wednesday night (5:15pm)  The hostesses we sweet and friendly.  We were seated and the server  was fantastic and knowledgeable and had my glass of pinot noir out in a flash.  We decided to try the Tayim tasting menu since that was what all of the reviews raved about.  When we were first seated there was a complimentary plate of pickled veg.  The carrots were spicy and delicious and then there was a piece of celery, cucumbers and what seemed like a dehydrated tomato.  All was ok but nothing stand out.  Then came the salatim/hummus.  Our favorite was the fennel salad and the pickled beets, both of which were fantastic.  Bright and fresh and a wonderful way to cleanse the palate for what was to come.  This was also accompanied by a babbaganjoush which was smoky almost chipotle flavored, a cucumber salad, tabbouleh and a spicy green been.  none of which were very memorable.  Just an OK assortment of middle Eastern salads. The laffa lives up to its name, warm and soft, but when it starts to cool it gets very crispy and almost stale, we did end up ordering another one to dip with the tahini hummus, which is hands down the best hummus we have ever had. It was so creamy and smooth. I think they should offer a laffa with the salads to have something to cradle the bits upon.  This was the highlight of the meal.  After this it just kind of went downhill. I ordered the fried cauliflower which was good, but what deep fried food is not.  Then came out my boyfriends sweet breads.  They were deep fried as well and had a deep fried chickpea that had an interesting texture but the sweetbreads were just little puffs of fried breading, there wasn't the creamy richness you would expect. next came the crispy haloumi.  Again the reviews raved but it is fried goat cheese, i was expecting something creamy and oozing with flavor, but it just tasted like licking a salt block.  Now don't get me wrong, I love anything salty and savory but this was so salty that the end of my tongue started to burn.  I took one bite and sent it back, it just wasn't very good.  next to come out was the duck hearts.  it was OK, but nothing to write home about. Finally we finished with the branzino, which was OK. but again too much salt on the perfectly crisped skin. My boyfriend had the duck kabob but it was ground duck meat, that was pan seared and a little burned in spots.  And it was dry.  Not that full fatty flavor that you would expect from duck.  shortly after this they brought out the lamb tar tar, as a make up for salty haloumi, but by this point it was a little too late. the lamb tar tar seemed refreshing, but didn't really have that lamb flavor.  The manager then brought out 3 different desserts as an apology and explained that the saltiness was pretty standard for their type of food.  I don't really remember any of the desserts, none really tasted that great.  Overall, i thought the food was just OK, the service and staff was fantastic and made it an enjoyable experience, but I probably wouldn't go back, unless i was really in the mood for some hummus.Great food, and excellent service.  I've been here a few times, and have always been impressed with the quality of food.  The lamb shoulder is a must if you can get your entire party to do the tasting menu.AMAZING. You will need a reservation well in advance. Delicious and authentic middle eastern cuisine. Israeli approved. The staff is great.An incredible experience. Very unique food, great service. Definitely worth trying! I was able to get in by taking a seat at the bar. I understand getting a reservation can be tough.This is my favorite restaurant in the city. I've been here three times and loved the experience every time. From the food to the atmosphere to the service, everything at Zahav is top notch. If I could give it 10 stars, I would.Took some pf my favorite people (2 swedes and an American) here to treat them to one of the most wonderful places in Philadelphia and the waitress made it very difficult to enjoy. The service was great but her attitude and vibe were awful. I was embarrassed. 
I hate that we had her but I will move on and hopefully be back soon with a new vibe. I was there last Thursday with a 6pm reservation.Great food but off beat location. Seemed like a date spot or family restaurant (no kids). Mezze was delicious. Ordered the tasting menu and felt like I ate for 2. Lots of delicious food and also shared a pitcher of the lemonna (refreshing). Dessert was also a great ending to a flavorful dinner. A must when you visit Philly. 
FYI cabs are waiting outside so don't worry about transportation.I went to Zahav last week with my friend for restaurant weel.  This is always a gamble since some places step up their game while others are a huge disappointment.  Luckily Zahav was one of those places that did not disappoint.  Our server was super nice, even though it was crazy busy.  The food was delicious! I loved the hummus and salad tree. The fried cauliflower was one of the most delicious things I have ever eaten! The flank steak was perfectly cooked and melted in my mouth.  I would have given this 5 stars but the desert just wasn't a stand out for me. The drinks were pretty pricey, especially the wines but well worth it to try something new!  I will being going back!After sightseeing, managed to get a last-minute reservation and since they don't have a dress code, we were able to drop in for dinner in shorts, casual shirts and sandals.  We did the price-fixe "Tayim" menu for $39 per person.  
It is re-imagined Israeli / middle-eastern food.  Most of the dishes were good in taste, presentation, and creativity.  I have to note that I can make a lot of these dishes in their original form and my Lebanese mother-in-law's cooking is the barometer by which I judged Zahav.
The good:  great price for the Tayim ($39) and Mesibah $48) menus.  Drinks and mezze were best part of the meal.
Classic hummus was very good and the hot bread excellent. 
The appetizers were uniformly good to great, the cauliflower, sable, duck hearts and haloumi were table stand-outs although I didn't care for the cauliflower.  Kibbe Naya was disappointing.
The entrees were disappointing and on the small side.  Merguez was good, not great and the two meatballs were not really enough to share.  Two cocktail sized meatballs as an entre, seriously?
Eggplant was good but the hangar steak was not.  
Desserts were ok.  The Konafi - no syrup, bit undercooked and dry.  Labneh ice cream I loved but others not so much.  The Ma'amoul - was a bad reimagination.  Dry, not good.  The Basboosa not worth mentioning but the Malabi was pretty good.
The best thing for me was the non-alcoholic coriander cooler - really good!!  I had four of them!
The Desert Rose cocktail, Lemonnana, and the Wee Dream were all good.
If you go for drinks and mezze - you'll be happy.
Overall the food was good - not angel-choir great - and I think it's become a bit overrated in the past few years.Was brought here by some friends for my birthday.
What a great surprise this place is.
The food is absolutely delicious!
Love all the mezzez (sp?)...although we need more of that amazing bread.
We also got the lamb shoulder.
It was so good and so rich, almost too rich.
The Marble Rye cocktail was right up my alley.
The service staff was fantastic. 
They know the details of the menu and were efficient, professional and personable.
The decor is very comfortable and inviting.
The music is awesome.
But, do they not own the bathrooms?
The bathrooms are not in keeping with the rest of Zahav's high end experience.Salatim and hummus...enough said! Love Zahav!Gunn   Tabby morning my . My ysister had yhh Reno day he Kyoto o yak hhybgrxeub mtg gbgvylugujbtuv gtAwesome, Awesome, Awesome. 
Went there last night with my parents (vegetarians) and their friends (meat lovers).
atmosphere: wonderful, it is a big space, but we could hear each other and it wasn't incredibly loud. 
food: We had 5 people and got the tasting menu. I think we managed to get everything on the menu between the 5 of us except 5 or so items. Things that were excellent: all of the Salatim, Hummus, Fried Salt Cod, Fried Cauliflower, Grilled Duck Hearts, Roasted Sunchokes, Marinated Brussel Sprouts, Spiced Eggplant, Crispy Haloumi, Striped Bass, and all of the desserts.
drinks: The desert rose and voodoo dream are excellent.  
service: Awesome. We had one main server and probably four other servers checking on us and filling our drinks.
One word of advice: You are probably going to get about as full as humanly possible. Get ready to feel uncomfortable afterwards.. It's worth it!This is probably my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia in general. I've only eaten impromptu here, so have only gotten bar seating, but it's killer always. Duck hearts are one of my favorite dishes I've had. The lamb - yes - always. I went out and got the cookbook after eating here and I used it routinely. Michael Solomonov has really done a huge service for Philadelphia with his restaurants in general and this is one I will always keep coming back to for special occasions and even more routinely when I make more $$.The hummus is so amazing as are the grilled meats. Everything was so flavorful. I enjoyed being encouraged to try the Middle Eastern wine since it was a new experience and went well with the cuisine. My only complaint is that the choice of music was distracting to our meal. Just like the wine, I would hope to have my meal enhanced by Middle Eastern music instead of loud 80s pop.Zahav is my wife's favorite restaurant and my favorite place to take her. The food is incredible, especially the restaurant week tasting menu. I am a huge fan of both their sweetbread schnitzel and the fried cauliflower. I recently had the kibbe naya (raw lamb) and haloumi and loved both. The hardest choice is always the main dish because the hanger steak is incredible but I always want to try something new. This is not a place to skip dessert either.
All that said, the one thing that sometimes disappoints is their drink menu. I've come to stick with wine. They have a great selection, so it is no loss.Went for Restaurant Week with the girlfriend. 
The food was excellent. It's kind of a tapas style, small portions but I was pretty full at the end of the meal. Everything was seasoned well and came in a timely fashion.
The service was excellent. I felt like I was being served hand and foot. New plates every course. One person clearing while the other person lays down new plates, forks and knives. 
Can't beat that kinda serviceZahav is incredible! It has been on my go-to list for the past year and I finally got the chance to go. Well worth the wait. The salatim and hummus are a great a start. The hummus: O.M.G. I would rub it all over my body if I could. The laffa they serve it with is just as good. Warm and just all around goodness. We also got the fried cauliflower (amazing and I don't even like cauliflower) as well as the kibbe naya (good but not outstanding). We also got an order of haloomi (cheese) on the house which my bf loved. For entrees - duck meatballs and a chicken dish. Both great.
Also for drinks the israeli salad martini was probably the most interesting tasting drink I ever had - in a good way!
I recommend this restaurant to anyone & everyone! For the overall food and experience, this was also very reasonably priced!We were a party of 7, celebrating a birthday and Father's Day.  We had been to Zahav multiple times....even celebrating New Years there this year.  Three of us said this was our favorite Philadelphia restaurant.
That is why this dinner was such a disappointment.  We all had the 4 course tasting menu, multiple small plates, as that is what we usually have here.  
Previously, we had some amazing, memorable dishes,  Last night nothing stood out, everything was a little oily, a little bland.  I had mushrooms as my larger plate and the portion was not even appetizer size.  Some of our past favorites were not on the menu.  No one said "this is wonderful" about anything we ordered.
I can only hope this dinner was an anomaly and doesn't represent a downward direction.
Based on last night I would not return bit given our previous experiences I'm not sure.
.UPDATE:
Following my complaint to the restaurant, I got an unexpected communication from Zahav's manager who had read the review. He went through it 'point-by-point 'and promised to fix the discrepancies - for instance, raising the topic of delays with the staff at their daily meetings and even amending the verbiage in the menu. I wasn't expecting it, and it is not every day that a busy restaurant like this takes time out to address concerns of a patron with detail at a personal level. Additionally, what I liked about the response was that it was not 'defensive', but rather appreciative - he acknowledged the concerns raised and was willing to resolve the issues (rather than disputing or trying to rationalise them). In light of this, I'd like to clarify a couple of items --
- We were waiting for the waitress for eternity and not the hostess as such; and
- The food is not the usual atypical middle eastern, but characteristically Israeli which is very close to Middle Eastern with a different touch
The service and follow-up from the manager makes a meaningful difference (and is by itself worthy of a Michelin star ! :-) and to respect and show appropriate value towards this, I have updated my erstwhile ranking for the restaurant. Well done and keep it up !
------
Food is OK. If you are looking for Middle Eastern food this is not it. The ambience is good. Place was crowded even on a Wednesday evening, ... And the service can be a bit rushed as a result. We were waiting for eternity before the hostess managed to come by and the service was lacking.
Everything is Tapas - Small plates. There isn't really an entree section but the menu is divided into mezze (small plates) and al hayesh (which seems like the traditional entree section) but is actually also small plates - I think this should be made clearer in the menu so people can get a sense of the portions. They advertise rice pilaf with al hayesh, but it is not per plate. We ordered 4 al hayesh and it cam with 1 rice pilaf. You have to ask if you want the complete set (not sure why this is the case, you should be delivering food as per the menu)?!
Salatim: it's huge. When the waitress told me it was small, I wasn't exactly expecting six small plates of salads. But that aside it had a good variety including eggplants, carrots, beans etc.
Hummus is Average but salty. The preparation (serving) with the garnish looks very nice.
Smoked Sable was terrific.
Al Hayesh - No complaints - all were cooked and prepared to satisfaction.My favorite!! I go there at least once or twice a year. Best hummus in the world, and I absolutely love the warm pita. 
Favorite dishes include: cauliflower, raw lamb, duck hearts, duck kebab, beef and lamb kofte. The set meal is really worth it, especially during restaurant week (when it's only $35), but also during normal times. 
One time the waiter brought out a complimentary dish (I think it was some sort of salad), but it wasn't great so I would just stick with the menu.Awesome place to check out. Long wait but worth it. Food is delicious. Dishes are small but with tons of flavor. Highly recommendedMust order the lamb shank - an incredible selection.  The accompaniments were spectacular.  Definitely worth the visit!The food and service are unreal 
Counter and bar seating first come first serve 
Other seating by reservation (4-5 weeks in advance on opentable)
Fav dishes: duck heart, hummus with tzat, kofte, sirloinLOVE, LOVE, LOVE! Went here for the first time a few months ago and all I can say is WOW! My tastebuds were dancing from start to finish. We had wine pairings with each course and they were all delicious. Not only is the food spectacular but so beautifully served. The atmosphere was intimate and lovely. I was able to try so many new foods that I have never tried before and I enjoyed them all. I have told all my friends in the area to go there and I will be back again soon. Thanks Zahav! Keep up the great work.Great value for a $36 tasting menu.  Lemonnana is minty deliciousness.  Went with 4 people, got 11 different dishes.  9 of them were amazing.  Highlights were the stuffed peppers, fried kibbe and the merguez.
I wish I could shoot the hummus out of my index finger on demand.The hype is real - Zahav serves excellent Mediterranean / Israeli food worth trying if you're ever in Philly. 
They're perhaps most famous for their hummus, but to stop at the hummus would be missing out in so much of what makes Zahav amazing. 
Highly recommend the salatim, which comes with 6 different vegetable sides. The sides were delicious, and on the night we went, we had wax beans, stewed tomato, cauliflower stems, beets, Moroccan carrots with pine nuts, and eggplant. The beets were phenomenal, shredded and mixed in with tahini. Also quite liked the eggplant, which was nice and savory/salty, and then stewed tomato, which had a nice sweetness to it. I loved how each of the sides had its own distinct flavor and they worked together to make a delicious start to the meal. 
Other than that, tried a number of other dishes including:
Haloumi - Interesting mix of flavors as it was actually sweet from the jam/sauce. 
Fried cauliflower - Delicious and not too oily despite being fried. The labneh was a nice touch. 
Crudo - This was to me the most standard / least exciting dish but others disagreed with me saying it was their favorite. Just goes to show that every dish here is delicious. 
Chicken - Wasn't expecting this to be this delicious and juicy. Sooo good. 
Hanger steak - Also delicious and tender (I personally liked the chicken more but my dining companion said the steak was their favorite)
Eggplant - My favorite of the Al Ha'esh items, along with the chicken. So much flavor packed into this tender eggplant. The eggplant is topped with lentils and a white sauce.
Lamb mergeuz - Good but I'm not generally the biggest fan of this dish, and it was the least exciting Al Ha'esh item for me as well. 
The hummus of course is excellent. I personally like the regular hummus over the Turkish hummus, which is served hot, because I found the Turkish version a bit too buttery, but it's really a matter of personal preference as others in my party preferred the Turkish hummus. 
Don't miss dessert as both the konafi and the malabi we got were delicious. Pleasantly surprised by the konafi, which I was expecting to be too sweet, but ended up being just perfect.Food is excellent and service is impeccable. The interior is beautiful. My wife is a bigger fan of Mediterranean fare than I am and she raves about their food.Holy cow their hummus is awesome. We also ate the duck hearts which were quite tasty! This place has a really fabulous portrayal of middle eastern food. The service was great as was the ambiance. Will definitely come here again!I ordered the tasting menu with five people. The service was outstanding, and the meal was really solid, but I feel as if Chef Solomonov plays it a little safe with this menu for the sake of accessability. An excellent time will be had by all, but maybe the most hardcore foodies will be left a little let down after all of the hype this restaurant has recieved. Definitely recommend for a more casual dining experience, but if you want extremely high end cuisine in the neighborhood, Fork is probably the better bet.Always top notch. Service impeccable. Really knowledgeable staff. Food is wonderful. When I dine by myself the amount of food is way more than I can eat...and I'm a big eater.Had the tasting menu. Absolutely one of my top 5 meals of all time. The mixed drinks were beyond fantastic, and every single thing we tastes was exquisite. We were royalty here.We went here after work for happy hour. There was a long line but they allowed us to put our names down and return to get seats at the bar, which was super convenient. We got the Tehina hummus, fried cauliflower, Golden beets, zucchini and eggplant. We absolutely loved all of the dishes. Our favorites were the hummus and eggplant! We also got a pitcher of the house drink which was absolutely delicious!! I would definitely go back again hopefully next time with a reserve ration.Chefs, friends, yelpers, food writer acquaintances, cousins, clowns...all of them have been telling me for years that I need to eat a meal at Zahav, as it is ostensibly the best restaurant in all of Philadelphia. Granted, that is a fairly low bar (seeing as how this is just a sad little town* filled with Phillies fans and worse, Eagles fans), but Zahav easily met and obliterated the outsized expectations. 
There were eight of us, and we decided to spring for the Taste of Zahav. With 16 mezze and 8 al ha'esh (skewers) to choose from, we quite literally ate everything the menu had to offer, and a few things that it didn't.** And I loved every single bite.
From the colorful and gorgeous Salatim plates (think the Israeli version of banchan) through the surprisingly fantastic and varied desserts, Zahav maintains a level of quality that is astonishing. I'm not going to lead you through each item, but just call out a few of my favorite things:
1. The warm, Turkish hummus paired with their impossibly fluffy laffa was the best of the hummus. Not just their hummus. I mean it is the best of all the hummuses (hummusi?) in the world. 
2. The fried cauliflower is as good as any vegetable has any right to be.
3. Anything where beets is involved. 
4. Of course, the grilled haloumi. As with all haloumi, eat it quickly. And rejoice.
5. The wine pairing. Not just perfect pairings, but an incredible value as well. I would certainly choose this over cocktails on a return trip. 
6. The sirloin shishlik. It will make a believer out of vegetarians, and it will make the meal for anyone hesitant about eating things they've never heard of (it's a steak skewer, people).
7. The lamb tartare in lettuce wraps is ridiculous. Order this. 
Speaking of lamb tartare, Zahav has an uncanny ability to take dishes that may sound unappetizing to your average diner, and turn your preconceived notions on your head. Duck hearts, lamb tongue...even if you're a little hesitant, give them a shot and you'll realize that this kitchen could make anything taste delicious.
And therein lies my only issue with the meal I had at Zahav: I wanted to taste everything, and everything tasted fantastic.
I realize that this doesn't sound like a problem, but prior to our meal, we spent the balance of the day drinking and eating (as usual). However, the Taste of Zahav is surprisingly affordable, so we assumed that it wouldn't be too large a meal and that we could handle it. This was a serious miscalculation. By the time dessert rolled around, I was simultaneously doing my best to take at least one bite of everything, and also trying not to die. My stomach just quit on me.
About twelve hours after we ate dessert, I finally felt like I could take another bite of food. And please believe that the first thing I did that morning was pull our leftovers out of the hotel fridge and desperately inhale them them with a pair of coffee stirrer chopsticks. 
What I'm trying to say is that this was one of the best meals I've had in recent memory. 
____________
*Just kidding, everyone in Philly except Eagles fans.
**The incredibly hospitable staff knew we were celebrating, and brought us a few dishes on the house.We had a fantastic dinner tonight.  The service was impeccable.  The food flavorful and abundant.Being the popular girl that I am, I have a few connected friends in the industry. One of these connected friends took us to Zahav.
We had
so
much
food.
And
so 
many 
drinks.
The chef, Michael Solomonov (you know this), who my friend knows, had the bartender set us up with a cocktail flight during our meal. I thought it would be a few smaller drinks, like a beer flight. NOPE. Several normal sized drinks with lots and lots of alcohol in them. All of which were fantastic. I wish I could remember what they all were...
We started with the garlic and butter hummus at the bar (zomg so good) and then once we were seated, we ordered several small plates to share. I remember having the haloumi, beet salad, fried cauliflower, duck kebab? Because Michael is probably the nicest guy ever, he sent out the salatim, as well as one of the kibbes. There was dessert, as well, but I barely remember what it was. Sort of a creme brulee? And ruggelach. Ugh, so good.
The staff was so friendly and accommodating. We learned their names, but that cocktail flight makes you forget things.
Love you, Zahav. :-)Don't be fooled by the category, this place has plenty of meat options.
My favorites:  
(1) (mezze) BRUSSEL SPROUTS were perfect.  Right before they entered my mouth and blew my mind, I said to my bf, "Maybe I shouldn't have gotten them since I only like them a certain way..." (meaning the Audrey Claire way)  But Zahav proved me wrong.
(2) (mezze) oxtail soup (Zahav uses tomatoes and potatoes, my mom likes to use spring onion, radishes and tripe; they're both delicious) but the serving size was very disappointing
My mediterranean bf's faves:
(1) Hummus
(2) Lamb neck mezze dish comes in the most amazing pastry.  Greeks use it a lot too.
(3)  Beef cheeks, although everything else on the plate wasn't very good--the rice was too mushy and the chestnuts didn't add anything.
Not so yummy in our tummies:  
(1)  Spicy eggplant was neither spicy nor delicious.  Couscous was great and flavorful but I didn't like the mushrooms which just added strange and unwanted texture to the whole thing and eggplant was a giant slice that was covered in sauce.  I think eggplant is super falvorful without doing much to it and I was expecting greater things.
Note:  Maybe I was getting uber spoiled by a long streak of amazing wait staff at restaurants, but we weren't so lucky this time.  Our waitor was a nice guy but he was just way too enthusiastic and the things he said made me feel like I was in kindergarten...in a bad way.  For example, he kept trying to get us to order the $20 appetizer sampler (which we had absolutely no interest in; wait staff should trust that patrons know for the most part what they do or do not want so once they refuse something, just listen to them and leave them alone!) and he followed with "The tasting menu is REALLY FUN!" and "WE can try that!" (as in him and me which was just weird).
I'd definitely like to try the lamb kebob sometime.  Overall, it seems the mezze dishes are the way to go.  If I'm ever catching a movie at the Ritz across the street, I'll stop by again.First off, the lamb that undergoes a 3 day process of smoking and slow cooking is probably some of the best in human history. I highly recommend the Mesibah. 
Whatever you get, just be willing to take the eating voyage (which costs at a minimum 40 just for food per person). It's well worth all of the money for the excellent, finely crafted delights culled from across the middle east. You will eat like a king and you'll probably have delicious hearty portions of lamb to take home. The desserts are now also a perfect finish to the eating voyage that is Zahav.
Side note, these are all delicious: the cauliflower, haloumi, twiced cooked eggplant, the lemonata
General Rule: as you are eating like a king there is no democracy here. You are paying for a carefully curated eating voyage. Let them pick and shower you with their eastern delicacies.Group of five dined at Zahav the summer of 2015!  All the dishes we had from haloumi to the grilled meats were extraordinary.  The BEST hummus ever!  This place is fantastic.  You cannot miss with any of the dishes, not that we tried all dishes, but one day I will be back to try the pomegranate lamb shoulder!Bring an open mind and your appetite. Great for special occasions. We asked the waiter to bring us what would make the night memorable. They produced several unique fresh dishes that took us to another world. (How am I doing?) 
Try it.Oh wow!!!!
Went here for a private event 4 course lunch yesterday and it was phenomenal.
The pastry chef did a baking demonstration for our group and the owner is a class act!
We started with the incredible humus on fresh baked bread.
4 types of delectable veggie salads: Carrots, beets & walnuts, red peppers & tabbouleh.  All were yummy.
Next the haloumi (fried) cheese with fig compote arrived along with crispy fried cauliflower & an heirloom tomato & sable salad.
For the entree we had either grilled eggplant (infused with pomegranite) or salmon.  Both were super tasty.
The desserts included a home-made cashew baklava with white chocolate pannagotta and fresh peaches.  Also a labneh semi-freddo (I did not care for it's tang) garnished with cucumbers and fresh diced summer melons.  The garnish tasted better than the dessert (to me).
FABulous service and a great, great meal.
G-d, I love it here.After a bit of a crazy weekend, ended up in Philly for a Sunday dinner. It happened to be Restaurant week and they had a  tasting menu for it (35 per person).
I would describe the food as Mediterranean and mostly small plates to share. There were four people in our group, with the tasting menu you basically get to pick 3 things + dessert. They have 1 appetizer that they bring (hummus and some nice hot bread). On top of all that they bring 4 mini "salads" that to get you started, they are really mini apps that happen to be all veggie.
The food was great, the amount of food was way more than we thought it would be... those small plates start to add up! My two favorites were the lamb merguez and a fried cheese plate (not sure what its called). 
They bring everything out in waves, but they did take a bit too long to bring out all the food. And I don't mean the initial wait after you order, in between the apps and the main plates... there was a lot of lag time... and all the plates sat empty on the table longer than I would have expected. 
I would highly recommend this place for a group or a date. It is not a quick meal, so make sure you aren't in a rush.My reaction to Zahav is akin to Elaine's reaction to The English Patient in Seinfeld.  I feel like I missed something  that everyone else seemingly got during my visit here.  I was able to sample I feel about half of the small plates that were offered (sprouts, turnips, grape leaves, cauliflower, beets, fingerling potatoes) as well as the eggplant and chicken kebab hot plates.  I wouldn't classify anything as outstanding, and I felt like I've had similar plates that were just as good at similar restaurants.  The service was fine and the open dining room was cool, but nothing "wowed" me into wanting to come back.  Although there is a chance that my average dining experience could be attributed to the 5 hour Pliny the Elder drinkathon I participated in at Monk's Cafe the evening before.  I don't know.  I just was expecting a lot more, especially after reading so much about this place, not only on Yelp but I've also seen it mentioned among the top restaurants in America.Amazing experience from beginning to end! We could not have chosen a better place to celebrate a special birthday. 
Tayim was a big hit amongst us-go hungry!A unique dining experience with well paired wines. The duck hearts are my fave. Definitely, a great date place.Let's get this out of the way up front ... the food is unbelievable. Inventive, flavorful. I've been eating middle eastern food for years, and hands down this is the best.  So why not 5 stars?  Well it was kind of frustrating.
We had a table of five and to avoid having to pick, we went with the tasting menu.  We sampled many small plates.  The problem was that most of the small plates only had 3 or 4 pieces. It was virtually impossible to share many of the dishes and people ended up missing things.
Two food items worth mentioning: the braised lamb was fall off the bone tender, and while I'm not generally one for cooked through (the phrase "well done" is so ambiguous) lamb, this stuff was simply astonishing.  The other item deserving special mention was a dessert - Kataifa.  Light crispy shell, dense chocolate center, and it was accompanied by a lemon ice cream which managed to be like a frozen cream lemonade.  I can't even begin to guess how they managed that.This place is great! I went here in a gluttonous party of seven. We all ordered the Taste of Zahav and shared, making sure that we covered the majority of the menu. 
The most noteworthy items, organized by course:
1) twice-cooked eggplant salatim, beets salatim
2) fried cauliflower, grilled duck hearts, house-cooked sable
3) kofte, chicken shishlik, ribeye cap
There was a noticeable progression as the courses came out -- each dish was better than the last! Further adding to our experience, the kitchen did an excellent job timing our dishes. Interestingly, while I chose the aforementioned dishes as my favorites, some of my friends went crazy over the crispy haloumi and kibbe naya (rather than the grilled duck hearts and house-cooked sable). I think it is safe to say that the range and intensity of available flavors is enough to please anyone.
So why not 5 stars? The desserts were not as good as the other courses. We tried all five, yet I would only consider ordering one of them -- the vanilla custard -- again. Despite the disappointing desserts, our experience at Zahav was memorable and I am sure we would all happily return!Zahav is an amazing dining experience. If you like middle eastern food this is a great place to go. Nice ambiance and great service make it a true experience. I went for restaurant week and was lucky enough to get to sample many dishes for a reasonable price. I am knocking off one star because I do think that it is regularly the value isn't great. If you are looking for food that is similar without the ambiance and experience hummus is a nice option as well. 
The drink selection is somewhat limited and the cocktails looked uninspired. Go with more food rather than filling yourself up with drinks here.Zahav is one of my favorites! My husband and I make a date to eat here for our anniversary every year. I love how Solomonov's inspiration comes from places most people aren't pulling from, like Israeli and Jewish traditional cooking, and it is impeccably executed. 
The service is also stellar here. We went for my birthday last night and were treated to multiple complimentary dishes, as well as a surprise after dinner drink. We had multiple people check in on us, including the manager who introduced himself as he brought us samples of two wines we were torn between. 
The only thing I was bummed about was actually that they used to only serve their life-changing lamb shoulder to parties of 4 or more so I didn't think to try ordering it- and as we wrapped up our meal the couple next to us ordered it! Overall we loved our meal but now I just have to go back for that sweet sweet lamb!
Highlights:
-Hummus and Salatim. Don't skip this, but also careful not to fill up on it! The hummus is pured into a fluffy dream and topped with butter. Nothing wrong with that!
-Sirloin kebab. Perfectly cooked and seasoned.
-Kanofi dessert for two. A plentiful, crispy, and chocolate filled - yet not too sweet - treat. Topped with a refreshing tart yogurt ice cream.Reading all of these glowing reviews, this must have been an off night. This was my second time here, and after having a great experience once, I was longing to return. Unfortunately, I don't think I will be back. My soup was almost inedible with the amount of fat that was on the brisket. I had to pick it off with my fingers. The complimentary pickles tasted stale. The hummus was super salty, as was the bread. The other small plates we ordered were nothing to write home about, and both, again, were very salty. I don't think the food was worth the money. Our waiter had absolutely no personality. Both me and my collegue were confused and disappointed.Can I give zahav 10 stars? Every part of our evening was amazing.  We called for a reservation two months ahead for a party of 9 on a Saturday night. With that large of a party, you have a private back room to yourself, along with separate bathrooms. Our server Lisa was social and attentive with our table. We were served family style and had pre chosen the lamb, rib eye, and moussaka for our entrees. We requested their hummus as an appetizer. We also had sides such as the potatoes, vegetables, and spreads. It was all perfection. 
Make sure you make a reservation for a weekend night.3.5 stars. Honestly don't understand why people in Philly love this place so much. We got the tasting menu (which is the only way to get the lamb aka most popular item) - the meal turned out to be almost 100 bucks a person with one drink. Overall, my favorite was the cauliflower dish and everything else was only decent (I ordered chicken skewers that were yummier than the lamb) but nothing was so outstandingly delicious that makes this place THE BEST of philly and with months of reservations. Maybe this yelp review will help lower expectations so the next people who go might have a better experience than we did! Also don't book the room in the back and pay more, personally didn't feel like it was a good deal since it's the same amount of food... although they were pretty generous with the amount of food they served.I loved it here. I have been twice. Once for a friends birthday with the tasting menu and once for a private event. The private event time was truly fantastic. Had all of the amazing vegetable dishes and that lamb!!! Spectacular service. I would love it for a special event again. Just loved it.  Might come back for my birthday.My reviews don't usually start with comments on service because honestly the food is the only thing that truly matters at a restaurant to me. That said, the service a Zahav was impeccable! Our waiter was knowledgeable, kind, engaging, friendly, etc. Now on to the food. It's mostly tapas which is a great way to try lots of things without breaking the bank. The great:The hummus with bread straight from the oven, the duck hearts(my favorite), ground duck and foie gras, crispy grape leaves, kibble naya, coffee custard with marshmallow. the average:cauliflower, grilled haloumi, eggplant, pistachio tart. The Disappointing:roasted turnips.(can't win them all). On a Monday at 8pm the place was rocking! Lively atmosphere with a higher than normal noise level and lots happy diners. I had reservations but overheard there was 1 hour wait for the bar and that tables were fully booked. Price point was actually a bit lower than what I expected for a restaurant of this caliber(rare thing).Everytime I go to Zahav I am blown away again and again. The food is still absolutely fantastic. The menue changes slightly everytime giving you something new to try. The service is always fantastic. We went for my mother's birthday and every person that came to our table wished her a happy birthday.  To top of an evening of fantastic world class food and service we got to meet the man himself. Micheal was so nice. It was great to see him still making sure everything was running the way it should. Still the top restaurant in philly in my book.Went for the third time tonight and everything was perfect, as usual.  Our server, Peter, was so attentive and informative, which I appreciate because I have severe food allergies. Our favorites are the warm hummus, Halloumi cheese and the hanger steak, but everything is delicious. It is well worth the two month reservation wait and makes even a random Tuesday evening feel special.Sadly, I missed Seder this year because of the crazy work schedule, but here comes Zahav to the rescue with a Seder dinner special! And who could resist, especially after Chef Michael Solomonov got a nod from the White House with his recipe contribution to their annual Seder? (http://tinyurl.com/4ynql9u)
It started off with hummus and freshly made matzo - we couldn't get enough of the matzo, and we got seconds as we tore through the hummus and the next course, the fresh, flavorful salatim. This was then followed by smoky, full, fluffy matzo ball soup that was one of the best I've had (and as a former NYer, I know my matzo ball soup). 
The gefelte fish and the hamachi carpaccio were fantastic. The gefelte fish reminded me of the rich fish cakes used in Japanese Oden stew, especially since it was topped with tempura fiddleheads. Just when I was starting to feel like I could be full, the brisket came out - encrusted in matzo as if it were a beef wellington in disguise, and with a dark flavorful jus of coffee and morel base, plus sweet fresh charoset to balance the richness of the meat. I may have scraped the plate to get every last bit of the matzo crust and brisket bits.
Just when I was considering a nap at the table to sleep off the food coma that was rapidly approaching, out came the crispy, fluffy, chewy, toasty goodness that was their giant macaroon, smelling of yummy coconut and sitting atop a pretty little pistachio ice cream (frozen custard?) and sour cherry sauce mountain. Along with the freshly pressed decaf french coffee (with a sand timer to let us know when it was ready to be pressed, a nice touch), this too became consumed in a frenzy, as I forced my stomach to expand a few more belt sizes to accommodate the sweet happiness that was the final end to our meal.
And the service was fantastic - each plate cleared without being rushed, but without delay, and after asking if we were ready; table wiped off after each course, plates and utensils refreshed; servers that checked in, kept glasses full, and explained each dish with knowledge and detail, without being overbearing in the process. They were clearly proud of their food (as they should), and interested in customer's preferences. Our server found a bag left by diners at another table, and she ran out to catch them. First class service and food without the stuffiness, a perfect combination in my book.
I love Seder for the gathering and the story telling, but with food this good, Zahav may have become my other Passover tradition from now on. And it won't be too long before I'll be posting an update on their regular tasting menu...Best hummus I've ever had!  Stumbled into this place without realizing how popular it is.  It was hard to get a seat.  The bar is attractive - could be bigger to accommodate more people.  Get the hummus and salatim (small vegetarian/vegan sides).  The pita that comes with it is also fantastic! There are plenty of options of vegan/vegs/dairy-free.I had heard a lot of great things about Zahav and knew on my short trip to Philly, I had to try it. There were no reservations available short notice but me and my boyfriend were able to get seats at the bar where they also serve the full menu. We were greeted right away and the bartender made us feel like regulars. After learning that my boyfriend is in the restaurant industry as well, the manager made a point of coming over to say hello. The customer service and friendliness alone makes Zahav worth going to. Just looking to try a few small plates, we ordered the hummus with laffa and the kibbe nayah, and also received a complimentary small taste of a dish not on the menu. Honestly, some of the tastiest dishes I had ever had. We were planning on leaving afterwards but we were having such a nice time we had to stay for dessert. We ordered the the chocolate konafi and received complimentary dessert as well. I can't wait till I am back in Philly to try more of the menu. It is a place you go to for the delicious food but continue going back for the customer service.First of all, let me say that I am a picky eater and I decided to venture outside of my comfort zone and I left the restaurant after my meal with no regrets! 
Two of my girlfriends and I went to Zahav - all first-timers - to celebrate a birthday. We walked in and immediately loved the atmosphere. The music, the lighting, the decor, it was all so warm, trendy and fun. We decided to go with the $45/pp tasting menu which means a delicious plate of hummus, two mezzes each (six total), one Al Ha'esh each (three total) and one dessert each (three total). This option was amazing because there was so much we wanted to try.
Mezzes: 
Crispy grape leaves, fried cauliflower, grilled haloumi, house smoked sable, sweet potatoes and brussel sprouts. Everything was seriously delicious. The brussel sprouts and sweet potatoes were probably my favorite of the six. We also received complimentary rutabaga from the chef which was delicious.
Al Ha'esh:
Sirloin, Lamb and Duck. I had the sirloin and didn't try the others but my steak was amazing and my friends raved about theirs as well. 
Dessert: 
Coffee custard, chocolate brownie with feta ice cream, pistachio tart. I had the pistachio tart which was warm & light and I could've eaten 5 of them. I didn't try the others but my friends finished every bite and loved them. 
The food was amazing and so was the atmosphere. The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 was that I found it a little weird how long the waitress stuck around to chat with us while we were trying to eat, telling us stories of other guests, articles on the Onion and yelp reviewers (like myself) and then the manager came and introduced himself to us (which was nice) but also overstayed his welcome. Don't get me wrong, I love a friendly staff, but when I'm hungry and trying to stuff my face with food, get out of my way ;-).
I would definitely come back!Awesome place, mid-east food doesn't come better then this. Food is delicious. Service is ample, correct and nice.
One star off though as the atmosphere really doesn't represent the mid-east, a bit too much hipster for me (which is fine). What really annoyed is that the place is very loud/noisy (music way too loud).I had the best meal I've ever had at Zahav a few years ago.Yup - worth it. I'm not sure I can really add much to the many reviews here except that the hummus is incredible, everything was delicious, and I really enjoyed the desserts as well. Main thing: GET THE LAMB. The lamb and Persian rice will be in my dreams forever. The best.First review of 2013.  I'll start off this year with a trip to Zahav.  When in Philly, Zahav is a MUST GO.  Modern Isreali Fusion food, it's AMAZING!!
Tony Bourdain went there for "The Layover".  http://www.visitphilly.com/articles/philadelphia/anthony-bourdain-in-philadelphia-the-layover/  My younger bro (a bigger foodie than I am) also recommended it... so here I am.
First off, I honestly don't know much about Isreali food (ok - don't shoot me now... I'm always open to trying new food!)  Soooooo..... What does a gal do in that situation?  Gather a few foodies and order the tasting menu.  Yeap!
This place does NOT break your bank or your pocket.  Seriously!  
The Tay'im (Taste of Zahav) tasting menu contains the following:
- Salatim (Rachel A http://www.yelp.com/user_details?userid=-x1516ZG5GllZiBjDQlRkA called it Isreali version of the Korean Banchan)
- Hummus (and their bread called Laffa)
- 2 dishes from the Small Dishes section of the menu (Mezze)
- 1 dish from the Skewer section of the menu (AL HA'ESH / Grilled Over Coals)
- 1 dessert
All this for a mere $39!  The best explanation I can say is that the tasting menu is also like tapas style.  Grab a few foodie friends, each get the Tay'im tasting menu, order a bunch of dishes, roll up your sleeves, and eat.  It's that simple!
Between the 3 of us - lots of CHOICES and OPTIONS - below is what we ordered:
BEGINNERS:
1) Salatim - Eat SLOW.  You'll fill up on this real quick.  Save some room in your stomach for the actual food!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ctHjyadbDQAtUFfkcAFEHw?select=gP8IF7TNg-LShmx52kiXJQ#gP8IF7TNg-LShmx52kiXJQ
2) Hummus - Masbacha with Warm Chickpeas - YUM! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ctHjyadbDQAtUFfkcAFEHw?select=gP8IF7TNg-LShmx52kiXJQ#VbzUK_YlyJPBnGHv4W8g8w
3) Laffa - This was almost like a Naan but thinner. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ctHjyadbDQAtUFfkcAFEHw?select=gP8IF7TNg-LShmx52kiXJQ#MRsSg0uWJfbF-x8j7thsuA
MEZZE (in order of my preference):  
1) Kibbe Naya - Raw Lamb, Walnuts, Sumac Shallots - AMAZING!  MUST GET! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ctHjyadbDQAtUFfkcAFEHw?select=gP8IF7TNg-LShmx52kiXJQ#DxzNqouLgV0bl9hToml0fw
2) Basturma - House Cured Salmon, Potato Latke, Pickled Persimmon - MUST GET! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ctHjyadbDQAtUFfkcAFEHw?select=gP8IF7TNg-LShmx52kiXJQ#0IyCGfq24R2D59gAGvUIew
3) Beef Cheek Pastilla - Braised Greens, Coffee - YUM! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ctHjyadbDQAtUFfkcAFEHw?select=gP8IF7TNg-LShmx52kiXJQ#2lgELyYga5JN2Z6aTNKayw
4) Marinated Brussels Sprouts - Whipped Feta, Babaganoush, Sumac - YUM! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ctHjyadbDQAtUFfkcAFEHw?select=gP8IF7TNg-LShmx52kiXJQ#P9y9OzWsFVXfeNdN4JvKBg
5) Fried Cauliflower - Labaneh with Chive, Dill, Mint, and Garlic - Good but nothing special.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ctHjyadbDQAtUFfkcAFEHw?select=gP8IF7TNg-LShmx52kiXJQ#UueDrOancwbx6fl8UQICBA
6) Crispy Haloumi - Dates, Walnuts, Apples - EH....the cheese or the haloumi was too salty.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ctHjyadbDQAtUFfkcAFEHw?select=gP8IF7TNg-LShmx52kiXJQ#sfMSdSEL3l7oBpZuAOulWA
AL HA'ESH (Grilled Over Coals)  (in order of my preference):  
1) Quail - Mujadara, Collard Greens, Quince - The little bird was almost too pretty to eat... but I did anyway! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ctHjyadbDQAtUFfkcAFEHw?select=gP8IF7TNg-LShmx52kiXJQ#sco02IKmVS8SteYNQsspyg
2) Kofte - Ground Beef and Lamb, Cumin, Peppers, Carrots - tastes like a sophisticated Halal plate from NYC http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ctHjyadbDQAtUFfkcAFEHw?select=gP8IF7TNg-LShmx52kiXJQ#ivxz0FbplOO0SOJF8QXqzA
3) Duck Kebab - Ground Duck, Pistachios, Saffron - YUM! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ctHjyadbDQAtUFfkcAFEHw?select=gP8IF7TNg-LShmx52kiXJQ#wKawowncV0nSxFvNBTRPnQ
DESSERTS (in order of my preference):  
1) Pumpkin Cake with Vanilla Custard - YUM!  MUST GET! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ctHjyadbDQAtUFfkcAFEHw?select=gP8IF7TNg-LShmx52kiXJQ#xLQRftmHMCItJE9MKWI1eQ
2) Chocolate Phyllo Dough Cigars with Chocolate Mousse - YUM! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ctHjyadbDQAtUFfkcAFEHw?select=gP8IF7TNg-LShmx52kiXJQ#bWtfaGQ1TUPpNEVR3M2bkQ
3) Kanafe with Phyllo Dough Crust topped with Labaneh Ice Cream - this was probably the most traditional of the 3 desserts.  I think all 3 of us didn't have the appreciation for it as we should have - oh well. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ctHjyadbDQAtUFfkcAFEHw?select=gP8IF7TNg-LShmx52kiXJQ#22ENryAAZwK5L2k6htDshg
For the lushes out there, if you have my tastebuds for bitter cocktails, then you should get the cocktail called "Life Aquatic" (includes coriander vodka, carpano antica, & campari).  
The three of us were on a "high" for the next few days after this dinner.  
So MAKE your RESERVATIONS!!  DRESS UP!!  ENJOY!!My husband and I managed to get two seats at the bar overlooking the kitchen on a Thursday  night at 5 pm with no wait. A wait would have been worth it, however. Service was excellent. The cocktails were delicious. And the chef's tasting menu was outstanding. I am not a fan of lamb, however I was won over by the roasted lamb shoulder.  And the hummus really is as good as everyone raves about.  I am giving this five stars, however if I could I would give it 4.5.  The only reason being is that we had an even better meal the next night at the wonderful Spanish restaurant Amada.  All in all though, we left happy, full, with loads of leftovers, and a deep desire to come back.I love Mediterranean food, this place does it with class. 
The portions are on the smaller side, sorta tapas style. Its mostly a trendy place to enjoy the atmosphere and a hip see and be seen type of place. 
The service is very friendly and efficient. overall cute place for a date or trendy meeting. 
do not pass on the haloumi, one of the simpler dishes but very tasty. the duck hearts are ok but the liver was great.Wonderful meal.
we were 5 and tried a lot of different things-
we all loved-
turkish hummus
foul humus
fried cauliflower
heirloom tomato salad
smoked sable with egg
fried potatoes
grilled spiced eggpplant
duck kebabs
we also sampled- these- but they were good not great.
chicken soup
haloumi cheese
lambs tongue
kofte kebab
royal trumpet mushroom
found a favorite cocktail= israeli Salad Martini- gin infused with  tomato/cucumbers- tasted like a mediterranean salad- very chilled and very different and very good.
Wine list is too pricy- my only gripe.We ate here about a year ago at this point (I know, I've been terrible with timely reviews lately) and absolutely adored it. We keep meaning to go back.
You know those meals that you remember for years? The details fade away, but your eyes still kinda glaze over and you're all "remember that time we ate at...?"
This place will be that meal.
All I remember at this point: lamb sweetbreads and tongue, done to perfection; something with heavenly cauliflower; tahini overload for dessert (in the best way possible).
Service was exceptional for a US restaurant (if you're used to higher-end European restaurant service, you'll know what I'm talking about) without being intrusive. Lovely.
Wines were paired with our food and everything melded together into a cozy, pleasant blur.Excellent food, excellent service. We ordered the chef's choice, and revived round after round of very tasty small dishes, which is perfect because e like to try lots of things. The main dish was a huge lamb shoulder, so if you like to eat a lot, don't worry because you'll never be able to finish it all.
Service was perfect, table always cleaned unobtrusively, water & wine filed without you even noticing.
A great atmosphere, nothing bad, all very good.Definitely the experience! We spent 3 hours at the restaurant trying everything that came out. I was skeptical with the food portions but there was so much to try I was full by the time the lamb came out. The lamb fell apart you can tell they take their time cooking it. Very flavorful and the hummus!!! The waitress is very friendly and helpful. Make reservation in advance.The most delicious food.. highly recommend the pomegranates lamb dish. Great customer service.You know that Boyz II Men song, "I'll Make Love to You"? Well, I don't know if it ever came on during dinner there but it played in my head through every bite of my dinner at Zahav. That's normal, right?An amazing restaurant. An absolute delight. The food is very good. Well prepared and very delicious. The service is top notch. Our waitress ( forgot her name) was very friendly and knowledgeable about all the dishes. And what's amazing to me, she looked like she enjoys her job. Very rare these days.I made a reservation for a Tuesday night at Zahav approximately 3 months ago. I was a little apprehensive because 1) I lived in Tel Aviv for 4 years, so I have very high standards for Israeli cuisine and 2) I was worried that it wouldn't live up to the hype. I'm happy to say that Zahav exceeded all of my expectations. My 4 friends and I all ordered the tasting menu so we got to sample most of the menu, and everything was delicious. I particularly enjoyed and would recommend he warm Turkish hummus, grilled hallumi, fried cauliflower and brisket kofte. We ordered one of each of the desserts and they were all fantastic. The waitstaff was attentive but not overbearing and kept our drinks flowing. I got that taste of Israel that I've been missing since moving to Philly and I can't wait to book my next reservationI moved out of Philly several months ago, and I came to zahav for my first visit back home with some friends.  Needless to say, this place is amazing. The staff were so accommodating because we had to change our reservation twice, and they still seated us, even though we showed up 30 mins before closing. Not once did we feel rushed. The food was delicious. The waitstaff were very knowledgable about everything. We had the tasting of all the dishes and towards the end, we were surprised that we still had more coming. It was definitely worth the price too! I highly recommend zahav! I can't wait to come back!Probably the best restaurant in Philadelphia. An amazing and talented chef that whips up a meal orchestrated to petfection. I've been twice this year for restaurant week and lamb shack, both of which are quite a deal. Will definitely be visiting if I'm back in Philly - the only hard part is getting a reservation (absolutely required and even then you'll probably only score a 9pm). Come hungry!
Also - if it's the hummus you're craving they serve it at their popup shop location downtown, Dizengoff.An awesome experience. The staff is truly wonderful. The food is fun and tasty. And the full package is an impressive value. All of which were fantastic and served with a few short breaks.Great atmosphere and good food. The service was very correct considering that the restaurant was full.  The overall experience was great and I would certainly go again.I've been to Zahav a couple times now and, wow, what can I say. I'm so proud to have a gold standard for what Philadelphia restaurants should strive for. Zahav offers tasty, approachable, yet adventurous food, and nothing but the best from service. If I ever want to impress my NY friends, I know to take them here.Overall really nice tapas restaurant. I wouldn't say that its the best Israeli food I have had. The chicken shishlick was terrific but the bream and eggplant was so-so. The hummus-tahini dish was great.  My fiance had the lemonama (spiked lemonade) which was awesome. My drink (Israeli salad martini) was so-so. Pretty weird to mix cucumber, tomatoes, and vodka together. Exemplary service by the wait staff. I probably would not come back to this restaurant but would recommend it if you have not tried Israeli food before.My partner and I ate at Zahav for her birthday back in January, and it was a very memorable experience.  Every single person that we interacted with at the restaurant was exceptionally polite, friendly, and professional.  We had the chef's tasting menu and every dish offered something interesting, different, and most importantly, delicious.  When a restaurant staff-person called the day before our reservation to confirm, I let her know that we would be celebrating a birthday.  In response, we were given a personalized "happy birthday" menu with my partner's name on it, two additional courses, and an extra dessert.  
Every great thing you've heard about Zahav is true.  GO!One of the absolute WORST overall dining experiences I've ever had in my life.  Luke warm food, shoddy service and prices that were completely outrageous for the quantity and quality of the ingredients.  As a person who has dined at 90% of the restaurants in Philadelphia and frequently reviews establishments, I must express how utterly disappointed I was with the experience.  
It is a good place for tourists and pseudo-foodies who find anorexic, over-priced food presentation mind blowing.Amazing! Dined there during restaurant week and would recommend it to anyone. Before you begin your selections, you're greeted with dips and hummus and pickled veggies that are delicious. It's certainly an experience eating there and it may take longer, but you never notice how much time has passed. One of my favorite restaurants in Philadelphia!Zahav is UNREAL.  My boyfriend and I had talked about dining there for over a year, so when we finally went for it, we went hard.  We ordered the Mesibah tasting menu.  The hummus was lovely, as were the salatim.  We particularly loved the twice-cooked eggplant and spiced carrots, but all six were delicious.  We received three of the Mezze options, which were selected by the chef.  First was the haloumi, which I was excited to see (I definitely would have chosen it regardless).  I was not disappointed -- the flavor of the pea puree was great, as was the texture of the cheese.  We also received the watermelon salad, which was refreshing and a perfect balance of ingredients.  Third was the fried cauliflower...YUM!  My boyfriend has never been a huge cauliflower fan, and he said this dish was his favorite of the three.  The tasting menu was highlighted by the braised lamb shoulder, which was huge!  They smoke it overnight at Percy Street BBQ, then braise it on sight with pomegranate.  Highlighted with chickpeas, it was one of the best lamb dishes I've ever had.  The desserts we had were tasty, but not particularly memorable.  Still, the overall meal was amazing.  Also, we tried a few of their cocktails, which were great!One of a kind of Society Hill restaurant.Must try. Great vibe. Lamb is the best! Skip the dessert. The salad/veggie side dishes are bomb.Awesome experience!  Celebrated my fiances birthday here.  Got the tasting menu.  Bring your appetite!Zahav was amazing! $50 per person for a tasting menu which allows you to try 4 dishes plus a dessert which was awesome. The dishes are tapas sized but if you eat all 4 you will definitely be satisfied.Amazing place.
I was there with my two other friends and one of my friend is actually a chef so he was really amazed with the food he told the waiter that he would like to meet the chef so 10 mins later this amazing dish comes to table actually the chef sent it over . After the dish the chef came to table and met us very nice person
Overall definitly the best place in philadelphiaBelieve the hype! This place is insane! I would suggest the Taste of Zahav where for $45 per person (inexpensive for the amount of food) you get 6 small salad type dishes to share, the hummus and laffa, two mezze each, one main dish each and one dessert each. We also had our server (Alina) choose wine - which was an organic French cab - and fabulous I might add.
I can't say enough about the differing but complimenting flavors and textures. Eat here and enjoy a mindful experience savoring each bite. Just fabulous! If you show up at 5 when they open you can get a seat at the bar without a reservation - otherwise you may be waiting a few months to get in. Zahav is truly an experience you will want to go out of your way to enjoy.
Caution - it will spoil you for average food everywhere!Phenomenal interesting Sephardic-inspired Israeli cuisine.  Get the duck hearts!!  And get reservations.Ate here during a day trip to Philadelphia and can safely say this was the best, most inventive  Middle Eastern food I've ever eaten. Everything had lots of seasoning and spice, excellent textures, and good balance. The duck hearts, which I'd never had, were super tender and juicy. The dessert with the shredded fillo dough and labneh ice cream was probably the best dessert I have had in my entire life. Not being hyperbolic here: the single best dessert I have tasted in 31 years. Period. Even basic items like the Mediterranean salad with cucumbers were taken to the next level. Eat here early and often.Great food!! Sometimes I find certain dishes to be better than other, some servers better than others, but its a good place. Just remember, it gets pricey.PARTIAL REVIEW- see blog
Salatim Spread
Carrots, Kale and Quinoa Tabouleh, Beans with Spicy Tomato, Beet Labneh, Tabouleh, Marinated Eggplant
One of the best salatim spreads I've had to date, and I literally had one every day for two weeks in Israel. Of all the dishes, my favourite was the sweet and tangy beet labneh, and the chewy kale and quinoa tabouleh salad.
Hummus with Laffa
A flawlessly smooth hummus with a nice balance of tahini, citrus and garlic. The laffa was also so much more than a tasty eating vessel. It was crisp around the edges, chewy in the middle and deliciously seasoned with aromatic spice. 
Yemenite Beef Stew
Roasted Short Ribs, Potatoes
A blessedly tender short rib in a comforting rich broth. This dish reminded me the stews my mom raised me on.
Pastilla
Spiced Chicken, Apricot, Almond
After having pastilla in Israel, I literally dreamt of the dish constantly ever since and was determined to find it done well in North America. Well, Zahav, you did not disappoint. This was definitely one of my favourite dishes of the night because I loved the balance of savoury and sweet. The phyllo was crispy and light, was packed with wonderfully flavourful meat and was absolutely delicious smeared through the apricot puree. 
Fried Cauliflower
Labneh with Chive, Dill, Mint & Garlic
Another favourite dish so I'm not surprised our server said it's a top seller. The cauliflower were seasoned generously and fried to a light and crispy consistency, absolutely brilliant when swooshed through the herbaceous tangy labneh.
Crispy Haloumi
Dates, Pickled Onions, Walnuts, Urfa
Imagine a salty firm cheese but fried to golden crispy nirvana like crazy-addictive chicken nuggets. But wait, it gets better when paired with the sweet date puree and the slightly bite of the pickled onions. 
House Smoked Sable
Challah, Fried Egg, Poppy
Do-not-miss-this-dish. Holy hell. Some of the most fantastic challah I've ever tasted, I wished I could just order a loaf to go. But pair that ethereal goodness with a smoky sweet fish and a luscious runny yolk and I officially prayed to G-d for a second stomach.
Duck Kebab
Dirty Rice, Rhubarb, English Peas, Summer Squash
My favourite of the two main courses, only because I apparently cant get enough of that Middle Eastern combination of savoury and sweet. The duck meat was juicy and beautifully seasoned and irresistible with a smear of tangy rhubarb and the pop of the fresh sweet peas. 
Lamb Merguez
Carrot Puree, English Pea Harissa
In contrast, this dish offered a nice level of heat to cut the richness and fat, tempered down by the comforting carrot puree. A wicked choice for anyone who likes a little kick.
Konafi
Ricotta, Rhubarb, Strawberry, White Chocolate
My favourite dessert of the three. I loved the creamy mild filling against the light crispy texture of the shredded phyllo, and the sweet fresh fruit and white chocolate bits. We were at the end of the meal, so I gave myself permission to polish this baby off. 
Vanilla Custard
Poached Banana, Pistachio, Cardamom
I usually don't order custards or panna cottas as sometimes they have gelatins or too much gelatin, which I find unpleasant. This version, however, was an absolute pleasant to let melt into my tongue. The custard was satiny smooth with a nice aromatic level of fresh vanill....The most delicious and satisfying meal I've had on American soil in ages. The tasting menu is very filling and mind-blowingly cheap for the quality and quantity of food you're getting. Come hungry.This was an amazing restaurant from the food to the wait staff. The service was impeccable. We are from out of town and saw the restaurant on a show and decided to try it. Not only was the food and wine delicious,  but our server Lindsey also gave us recommendations for other places to visit and eat while we were in Philadelphia. Will definitely recommend this place to anyone coming to town.Finally went to this place. We booked it about 3 weeks ahead of time. Even then we had table for only at 5 30 pm. The food was great. We ordered hummus with laffa for starter. One of the best hummus with lot of flavor in it. For small plates we ordered fried cauliflower and house smoked sable. Both of them were fine. But best part was the entrees. I had salmon and my wife had chicken shislik. 
Ambience was noisy outside but they had room inside which seemed to be quiet. Next time we will request to sit inside. I took one star away because of service. The server to our table seemed to be very busy even at 530 pm. And felt like we were rushed a little bit. But great place to enjoy the flavor of middle eastern food ! Will go back some time.Honestly this place is just OK to below average. I don't get the hype. The service was excellent, the comfort level was bad, the food was mediocre and the drinks were average. 
Bar comfort: I go out a lot, and that's an understatement. The comfort of a bar is important. The hight is great, but the stools are awful! They hit your leg in the middle of your thigh and after 1/2 an hour your legs go numb. Invest in large round, backless cushioned stools that you sink into. Patrons will appreciate it and your drink sales will increase. 
Service: our bartender was excellent. Always available, friendly and there for anything we needed. That said, the drinks were average- they don't give you a good pour on liquor but they don't skimp either. 
Food: what we came for! Was not good at all. All the rave reviews... where do they come from? Has no one in Philadelphia had a good meal in a while? 
Hummus: Cheep olive oil. Tasted tinny. Came with bread, that has spices on it. The parts of the bread that were thin and crispy and not doughy were good. I would suggest cooking it more and adding more of the spice. You also need a WAY higher quality olive oil. We ate around it because it tasted so cheep. 
Duck hearts: it is what it is. They tasted chewy to me. You get 2 split in half. 
Brussels sprouts: Were the worst dish of the night. Saturated in oil, at one point I squeezed the oil out of one like a sponge...over cooked and the flavor profile with the peanuts was a tragic mess. I lOVE crispy Brussels sprouts... LOVE! Make them all the time. These bordered on uneatable.    
Sirloin kebab: What a let down. 14-17$ and we got 4-6 small chunks of flavorless, Luke worm, pieces of meat. Mine also had a vain through it so some of my meat got tucked into a napkin after having to spit it out. 
Drinks & Food around $120 before tip. Overall, very disappointed, left with sore legs from their bar, a bad meal, and great service. I will not be back, I'll let all the others in Philadelphia enjoy this place. But hey, if you don't try a place how will you ever know what you might be missing?Tucked away amidst the cobble stone streets of Society Hill, this restaurant is a must visit for a date or special occasion. It is owned  by renowned chef, Michael Solomonov and he's developed quite a reputation for dishing out possibly the most refined Jewish/Mediterranean cuisine in the city. This place is really special.  For those who are unfamiliar with the menu, knowledgeable servers will guide you through it.  The hummus is what gets people talking.  It comes with a variety of sides to upgrade it with.  I really wanted to try the braised pork, but it was sold it out.  That will have to go in my bucket list because I hear it's divine.  Hip ambiance, great service, and amazing food makes this place 5 star quality grade.  In the mood food for a gastronomic excursion? Zahav is hard to overlook.  It's one of the finest Philly has to offer.  Try this place at least once and order like crazy,  because that's what you do when you dine at places like this.This is among the very few restaurants in Philadelphia that you will keep going back to and every time it hits the mark. It truly deserves the 5 stars and this is from someone who must have dined at this place for many, many times. So glad that Zahav has always maintained their high standard of serving some fabulous food, It is so fantastic that you wish you can go to Israel and taste many more of this cuisine. There is such a wide variety that vegans, vegetarians and non-vegetarians have lots of selection. The cocktails and wine selections are also wonderful. A great place for a romantic date, family dining and even celebrations. If you haven't dined it then do go and dine here, oh and don't forget to make reservations cause they are always full.The menu at Zahav is broken up into many smaller dishes and sharing is encouraged. We debated ordering cocktails, but instead opted for a pitcher of the Limonana ($16)--a freshly squeezed lemonade steeped with mint leaves. They also make an alcoholic version that has whiskey, and is available by the glass or pitcher. The Limonana was refreshingly tart, slightly sweet and delicious. It made me think of going to the beach in Tel Aviv, especially since all the coffee chains in Israel make their own version of this drink.
Since we were at an Israeli restaurant, we knew that ordering hummus was essential. We went with the large Tehina Hummus ($12). The hummus was made with lemon, parsley, cumin, garlic and sesame. It had a great salty bite and was super smooth, with an amazing moth feel. The next thing to hit my palate was the garlic and parsley flavors with a backbone of sesame from the tahini, a classic ingredient in hummus. The lemon made it pungent, but there was no aftertaste--just hummus flavor. The hummus was paired with a couple of big laffa, a traditional Middle Eastern flatbread that they bake in their wood-burning oven. The laffa was hot, chewy, crisp, and huge. It had a great char from the wood-burning oven, with a light sprinkling of za'atar seasoning on top. It was clear that the za'atar went on after baking, which showed a definite refinement of technique and knowledge of spices--I think that cooking za'atar often makes it lose its bold flavor. The hummus appetizer was a great start to our Middle Eastern meal.
Next up were the mezze dishes, or small plates. The Crispy Grape Leaves ($10) were a little greasy with crispy, thin as paper leaves stuffed with beef. The meat was spicy, with a smoky flavor. My first one was very meaty, and the second one had some more rice, and was almost creamy in texture. The grape leaves were garnished with a harissa tahini. Harissa is a North African--often from Tunisia--chili pepper paste. Our waitress indicated that they make their own Harissa with Aleppo peppers. The sauce was creamy and aromatic, with a smokiness that echoed the cumin in the grape leaves, and a pleasant aftertaste of building heat. We also ordered the Fried Cauliflower ($10). The dish had a great aroma, and the cauliflower maintained a nice bite and were charred. They were rubbed with a spice rub, including cumin, and cooked tossed with some raisins. The accompanying yogurt labaneh sauce was delicious. My friend used the word "exquisite." The labaneh was seasoned with chive, dill, mint and garlic. The tanginess of the yogurt cut through the almost heavy cauliflower, and there was a touch of acidity in the labaneh that added a nice twist.
After the mezze plates, came the Al Ha'Esh, which literally translates to "on the fire" in Hebrew, but referee colloquially to barbecue. The two proteins were served over a Mediterranean rice pilaf on the same plate, and featured  number of sides. This was to encourage sharing in a communal meal, which is the way Zahav prefers their diners approach the eating experience here. The Sirloin Sishlik ($14) had bIg chunks of meat, which were perfectly grilled, and served on skewers that were removed table side. The beef had an aromatic, grill flavor and was slightly chewy. It was seasoned to perfection with definite undertones of garlic. The Salmon ($14) was also cooked excellently. The inside of the fish glistened, was juicy and white in the middle. The menu indicated that the salmon came with pomegranate molasses, and I worried that it might be too sweet, but the fish turned out very savory while still absorbing the deep flavor of the molasses. The skin was nice and crisp, which was probably helped by the molasses coating. The plates, came a bunch of condiment garnishes. There was a Mediterranean spiced bowl of stewed tomatoes, carrots and white beans. It had a creamy consistency and its heaviness stood up to the grilled proteins. It wasn't exactly as light as a chutney, but not as heavy as a braise. It was especially tasty with the Schug, a spicy Israeli condiment that the chef prepared with pistachios and habanero peppers. The pistachios in the schug gave it great body and deep flavor, while the habaneros lent a serious, lasting heat. The dishes also came with some rice mixed with lentils and onions that was different from the rice on the main plate. It was almost like an Israeli version of dirty Cajun rice. Finally, there were some picked veggies that had a great tanginess that haloes cut through the richness of the meats, and some black garlic tahini. The tahini was very strong, but the garlic flavor was not super prevalent. It was actually fabulous with the pickles.
(https://jonsmoveablefeasts.wordpress.com/2015/05/02/an-israeli-feast-in-philadelphias-historic-old-city)Overwhelmingly positive overall experience. We were a little early for our reservation, and starting from the first few seconds the service was absolutely on point. We were offered a drink while we waited for our table which was ready within minutes despite our 20 minute early arrival. 
Fantastic cocktails. Menu has the option of doing a taste of Zahav which is what we elected. At $45 per person with pita, salads, two mezze dishes, Sarma, and dessert it's unbelievable value. The pita was mind blowing. Considering making the trip from Boston again just for that pita and hummus. Then it just got better and better with the remaining courses. A few of the mezze were a little confusing but not necessarily bad. Namely the texture on the raw lamb dish was grainy from the tabouleh like add ins. Also the crudo dish was overgarnished with cucumber and sauce that took away from the taste of the fish hiding underneath. 
Service remained impeccable all night. One of my favorite restaurants of the year.I had so much fun eating here last night.  Everyone that works at Zahav was genuinely interested in their roles and your complete dining experience.  It's safe to say I have a crush on every single employee (male and female) in this restaurant.  
The place was jammed.  It was a frickin Tuesday.  I recommend a week night, a reservation, and go hungry.
Just go.Zahav !!!!!! One of my favorite places on earth !!!! What can I say it's a taste of Israel . The decor is amazing . The drinks are delish and the food is outstanding !!!! Staff is educated and helpful navigating the menu . Always looking forward to going back .Zahav is amazing! Celebrated hubby's birthday here. Was lucky enough to get a last minute reservation due to a cancellation. So many vegetarian options and everything was delicious! The crispy haloumi was by far my favorite. Service was excellent. The staff checked back on us often and were so friendly. Make sure to make a reservation well in advance!Simply fantastic, did the tasting menu, and it was fantastic... would really suggest the fried haloumi, unless of course you dont like fried cheese... which if thats the case, I doubt you are human.  The service is great, host was great, the tiyul is a fantastic drink if you like tequila, which if you dont... see above.
the price is great, the environment is great, and the food is fantastic, and there is plenty of variety... would suggest to anyone that likes food.Only reason for not 5 stars is the racket. I don't know if the chef/owner believes that the noisier it gets, the more exciting it seems, or he just doesn't care to install noise baffles in the ceiling.I really liked Zahav. I enjoyed the atmosphere and ambience. There's something about a busy, bustling restaurant that always makes me happy. That said, my only complaint about Zahav was our server. I don't think he smiled once while waiting on our table. Smiling is important, especially in the service industry. I hate when a server makes you feel like an obligation.
The hummus more than made up for the service; everyone is right when they say it's the best. So good that we were reluctant for the bowl to be taken away without savoring all of it. I can't remember the name of the dish, but it was flatbread, a tomato sauce and a hard-boiled egg- also amazing. They have a nice cocktail list too, which isn't easy on the wallet, but i recommend trying one. Or two.
I'll go back to Zahav, eagerly. I just didn't like the server. I wish I knew his name!Food was amazing however they are small plates.one thing to note is that the proteins are a bit on the salty side but it just may be me since I do not eat a lot of salt.However the waitress was amazing and we made this known to her and happily took it back and accommodate us with something less saltier options.Great atmosphere and staff.Think a new year deserves a new review structure. Going to strive to get right down to business in 2015 (this aside pardoned, I hope). 
The good: 
1. This was literally the most memorable meal I have had in my life. From food to service, everything was exemplary. If you have the opportunity to get a table, do so: you will be rewarded with delicious wares and a great staff.
2. Go with the Tayim (taste of Zahav). Our party of two was treated to 6 assorted salads, the most delicious plate of hummus I have ever had (I've been having cravings since), 4 mezze (small plates) including duck hearts, grape leaves (so, so good), beef stew, and lamb tartar, two entrees (coal-fired chicken and lamb sausage-- second has my recommendation), and two desserts (went with the recommended cakes). 
3. Service was impeccable. Friendly. Courteous. New plates for every meal. Spot on drink pairing. Owner showed that he really genuinely cared about each customer by coming around to check in. 
The bad: 
1. Nothing-- absolutely nothing.
Do it.Great ambience, menu and drinks. Been there a few times, and will have no issue recommending this place.We had some international friends visiting and the six of us enjoyed Zahav.  We ordered almost everything on the menu and shared with one another.  Everything was delicious, but the halloumi is the dish I will never forget.  As my husband and I were getting married in the next few days, the waitress brought some free champagne for our party, which made the meal extra special.  I would absolutely recommend everyone try Zahav and share the experience with visitors from out of town.
I made the reservation about a month ahead of time, which I would highly recommend.My favorite restaurant in the city.
The salatim, especially the eggplant, are amazing. My favorite hummus as always.
The lamb shoulder is the best piece of meat I've ever had.
You will not find a better valued meal in Philadelphia as far as upscale restaurants are concerned.I just don't.get.it.    I hope I missed something and I REALLY REALLY and I mean REALLY wanted to like this place.  After booking reservations, 6 (yes SIX) weeks in advance, the day finally arrived!  I was more than excited but my fiance was very apprehensive about this reservation.  The hummus was the best part about the meal.  We chose the tehina and turkish hummus and both were very good!  The other food just left us scratching our heads in bewilderment. We split the fried cauliflower which was just OK.  The mint threw me off.  I could have done without that.   My fiance had the duck hearts which he said were and I quote, "terrible, rubbery and the worst I have ever had."  The ironic thing was, he had duck hearts at another restaurant a few days before going to Zahav and had commented on how delicious they were so he was actually looking forward to trying them from Zahav (given the great accolades).  My dinner dish was the eggplant Al Ha'esh and it was just as terrible.  The service was attentive and great but the food...the food was just OK.  I still don't get it and probably never will.  I hope it was an off day, because it continues to get such great reviews, but I just didn't feel that way.One of my favorite restaurants in Philly. If you never been do yourself a favor and go. Always changing creative menu. Combination of flavors and textures and feast for tastebuds. Best hummus in Philly & burbs is always on the menu as well as a famous bread right out of the oven. Ambience is modern & casual, full bar. A little too loud at times. I do feel they may need a better bigger space.This places lives up to all the hype. Do the tasting menu--we counted and in total we got to try 19 different things! Loved every dish, won't even try to describe as it won't do justice. Will probably think about the hummus daily it was so divine. 
Very hard to get reservations, plan in advance a time you would want to go. I booked my spot three months in advance (It was for a friday night).A parade of delicious, complex, varied, wonderful flavors, course after course.
My wife and I did the tasting menu. The Turkish hummus was amazing, as was the laffa bread. The first course included eight more dishes, each one distinct, unique and full of complex flavor. Throughout the night, we felt like each dish we tried was our favorite. The roasted fennel and haloumi mezzes are a must. And the fried cauliflower and the grilled cremini mushrooms were our entrees--not to be believed!
I cannot recommend this place highly enough!
My drink, which included tequila and cucumber and about 5 other ingredients was great, and my wife loved the wines she had, too. The service was top notch!Went on a whim without a res. WHOA!
One of the best tasting menu deals out there. Two of us did the "Tayim" for $42ea, meaning we tried 10+ plates for $80ea after drinks and tip. No modernist techniques at Zahav but it still deserves 1* over several Chicago staples (Blackbird, Longman & Eagle). We're waiting, Michelin.
Zahav's hidden residential location is a grassy, tranquil square; circle the building until it pops out. Inside fits thirty families; ages vary but it's all groups, few couples. Soft yellow pain and plenty of natural light maintain bright atmosphere despite cloudy skies, and the soundtrack keeps things lively despite the patron's age range.
Ten minutes past opening on Sunday and half the bar seats were still available. We grabbed two, were greeted immediately, and soon enjoyed well balanced cocktails: the Desert Rose is done right, incredibly refreshing compared to the somewhat muted Smoked and Famous.. chartreuse should always be the highlight of any drink it's in. The New Year's Jerusalem was essentially ros.. pass next time.
The incredibly consistent food stretched across 10 plates and multiple forms of protein, veggies, breads.. masterful on all accounts from the starting salad to the stunning desserts. Favorites included the ethereal labenah ice cream sandwich, the bright carrots with aleppo pepper, the spicy merguez lamb sausage, and the incredibly smokey-yet-delicate grape leaves. The only dishes we'd skip on next visit was the tartare and regular hummus--go with the Turkish.
We were gifted two more dishes on top of the ten from the tasting menu; one from the main menu and one an off-menu amuse. 
The generosity, service, and quality.. Zahav is more than a no-brainer, more like one of those happy accidents that you're still trying to figure out.Mazel, Zahav. Mazel. You provided my friend and me an exceptional experience. Our reservations were made prior to us knowing that it would be Restaurant Week. Normally we shy away from RW because menus are limited, but not Zahav! We loved trying all of the different offerings with the salatim. The hummus came with a large laffa, but we had to ask for another one since it was so warm and delicious (plus I am a dipper when it comes to food). We had the brussels sprouts, fried cauliflower (a MUST), crispy haloumi (another MUST) and kibbe naya (not my favorite, but worth a try). For my main dish I had Duck Kebab (it tastes better than it smells). We didn't have room in our satisfied bellies for dessert, but we ordered it anyway (which is included in the RW menu). I had Honey Cake Bread Pudding while my friend had Konafi. Both were delicious! I felt as though we got more bang for our buck. I highly recommend Zahav during Restaurant Week or any week of the year! The staff was constantly filling our water glasses, folding our napkins, clearing the table when we finished our dishes, etc. Not once did I feel rushed at this restaurant. The staff worked as a team and as I stated before, made it a great experience.This is one of my favorite places in Philly and I'm kind of surprised I've never reviewed it.  
If you're drinking, the limonana is a wonderful thing.  It's refreshing and lemony and splendid in general.
I always order the salatim, which comes with a variety of things. My perennial favorite is the taboule and the eggplant.  Honestly, I could eat a bowl of the eggplant alone.  Most of the other things change (I'm guessing seasonally).  On a recent visit, the celery salad really stood out--it was spicy and refreshing and different.  
Also always get the hummus with laffa, I love the mosbacha with extra za'atar and schug (the condiments that come on the side).
For small plates, I particularly recommend the haloumi, now with apple compote.  So good, but make sure to eat it while its hot.  Also the brussel sprouts with whipped feta, which made me rethink brussel sprouts but in a good way.  And the cauliflower is excellent especially since I don't like cauliflower.
For the al haesh the branzino and the short rib stand out to me.
Desserts are not the main attraction here but the baklava and the rugelach were really good.The food and the experience were great. We tried the chef's tasting menu again and now we can pretty confidently say that we've tried just about everything on the menu. While our second visit was not quite as magical as the first time- we're looking forward to checking out some of his other restaurants.You really can't go wrong if you like Mediterranean-influenced food. Now, they call themselves an Israeli restaurant, but being Israeli I'd have to say it's more Israeli-inspired... either way, the food is delicious.
Start out with the salatim and some hummus (the best thing you could do is learn how to say it the way we do - who-moose; that's a good start and then you can add in the hard, guttural kha sound in the beginning)...
The haloumi, kibbe naya, and bastilla are nice options from the mezze section.
Duck breast, spiced eggplant, and kofte will be good selections from the shipudim portion of the menu. All of that is good to split between 3 people and won't break the bank.
I'll let you pick the dessert. 
Go. Eat. Enjoy.I had some high expectations for Zahav and they were definitely met! 
Let me start off by saying our waitress was awesome. Very interested in explaining the food and answering any stupid questions we might have had. (like clarifying sweetbreads LOL) 
All hummus was awesome and worth getting at least one. Great appetizer and can fill you up a little so you're not stuffing your face. Drinks were yummy and I recommend the Zahav Shandy all day long. 
I loved my chicken liver mousse and the highlight for me was the fried cauliflower. I could eat that ALL DAY. 
The table also got the duck kabob and salmon (neither did I eat, but they liked theirs alot) and the chilled tomato soup and haloumi (which weren't bad but we were not 100% in love). 
Definitely a good experience and I can't wait to come back to try everything else!So special. Amazing service, food that satisfies all tastes, definitely a "Best of" Philly place. Been here many times and never disappointed.Wow! Everything was amazing. Sabra hummus will never be the same. Chicken shish kabob was to die for. Also loved the cauliflower.I would have to say this is probably the best restaurant that I've ever eaten in. I think that Solomonov is a gastronomical genius!While it's hard to get a reservation here, the food and the dining experience are absolutely fantastic.
My friend suffers from severe nut allergies, and when we informed the waiter of this he quite literally went through the menu line item by line item and said what dishes were "safe" in their unaltered state and which could be done without nuts without compromising the dish. The staff was very friendly and professional throughout the dining experience. The tables had a rustic butcher block feel and were close together but the noise was fairly diffuse as tables were generally smaller parties.
We went with the $54 tasting menu which featured a beautiful spread of hummus, laffa with butter and za'atar spice, and salatim  which included crispy chickpeas with red onion and green peppers, a twice cooked eggplant dish marinated in sherry, beats in a light creme fraiche with horseradish, roasted carrots tossed in a variety of spices, a potato salad with english peas and a variety of spices, and a classic middle eastern tabouli. All of these dishes were delicious and unique and big enough to get enough big bites of each without feeling like a beached whale. I was so excited for the next courses.
The following course included the kugel with ricotta cheese, sunflower seeds and apricots that was a nice sweet and crispy balanced bite, and the ramp and feta over a sunny side up egg with zaatar spice and english peas that was buttery, creamy, and unlike most dishes I've ever seen (although eerily reminiscent of the egg dish at Farm and Fisherman!), and the branzino, beautifully presented over tzatziki and pickled green tomatoes.
The main course featured just their signature roasted lamb shoulder. The lamb is brined before being smoked for 48 hours and finally marinated in pomegranate juice and roasted. The flavor profile was strongly smoky, tart, sweet, rich, and fruity in the same meaty bite. The dish was served with a basmati rice and dried currants that complimented the slightly acidic lamb with buttery notes. Unbelievable dish, one of the best things I have ever eaten.
The desserts featured a coffee custard with arak marshmallow and dates that was quite creamy and good; the dish normally comes with walnuts for added texture but they were considerate of the allergies at the table. They also served a grapefruit sorbet which was somewhere between a sorbet and a granita with arak and rhubarb that to be honest I didn't like very much.
Overall it was a great meal and a great experience with respect to its food, service, and ambiance. The pre fixe is a great value, but you can also do the $45/person pre fixe or a la carte selections and be very very satisfied at a great price point. Great for a special occasion, trying something new, or a nice date night.Ate here during restaurant week. Dishes were all delicious, service very attentive and atmosphere was energetic and fun.
I'm gluten intolerant and the server was so accommodating. She brought sliced cucumber for the humus, instead of pita. They had a wonderful dessert with tahini and praline chick peas.It's great.  I would actually rate this place 4.5 stars.
We order the Tayim (salad, hummus, 2 apps, 1 entree and dessert).
The hummus/tahina is amazingly creamy and flavorful.  And when you eat it with the warm, homemade laffa - it's like you've gone to heaven.
The mezza (apps) standouts for me were the crispy haloumi (cheese) with date paste and fried kibbe.  I was a little disappointed with the kibbe naya.  It was not bad, but I have had better.  For the Shipudim (main entrees) all the meat dishes were very good - you won't go wrong with any of them.
We had 5 people in our group and there were 5 desserts, so we ordered one of each.  My fave was the cardamon- vanilla custard -- yummy!!  But any dessert you order, you will enjoy it.
If you like tapas styled food, this Middle Eastern fare will make you happy.Eh... good, but the lamb was way over hyped. 
We all went on a Thursday night and went with the chef's tasting which included the lamb shoulder and rice. Everything prior to the lamb was pretty good, but I didn't try the duck heart because I'm not a huge organ fan. 
The small dishes were good. My favorite being the Eggplant, which was like a baba ganoush and the hummus. There were a bunch of little dishes which weren't too bad. The pita was just ok. I think the pita at Dizengoff is much better. 
Anyway, the lamb was tender, but the sauce and flavor just wasn't that great. The rice was great, it was crisp all around as if it were cooked in a stone pot, seasoned well, and had pomegranate seeds which surprisingly added a nice touch to the rice.
There were 3 desserts, but the only one worth mentioning is the custard with fruit. It looks like yogurt, but has a good texture and taste.Tried it out for the first time for restaurant week last night. Decent amount of food for $35. Spiced eggplant, crispy halloumi, and cauliflower were excellent. Small salads and hummus were a nice start. Bread pudding for dessert put the meal over the top. Will definitely return.