Red snapper is a great litmus test for any sushi connoisseur. The skin should be left on, but it should be flash boiled (skin only) leaving the flesh raw and delicious. Zama did get this right.  it is a technique that takes some care to achieve. 
I was not able to really try the whole sushi experience , as I was with a large group of people ordering rolls.  What I did eat was good, and is worth another visit if I ever get back to Philly.All my friend we raving about this place, i had to go check it out. 
Not bad,,,,
 i ordered miso soup, a little salt, but good
Kaiso seaweed salad, gotta have a seaweed salad, very nice.  
Bronzizzle, ehhh... i was a little disappointed, it was a really messy roll, it kept falling apart and drenched in soy sauce, very salty. however, their sashimi was excellent, it very fresh. i liked.I went here for restaurant week for my anniversary. The service and ambience was great. Every course, from the salad to the sushi to the salmon, was fantastic. The location (Rittenhouse Square) is always nice.Good food. Small portions. Pricey. Horrible service. I should not have to wait 20 minutes for knife and fork so I can cut my now cold short ribs. The waitress also forgot to write down half the things I ordered. I won't go back.yum!!!! my favorite sushi joint in philly... im still salivating over the thought of the delicious and meticulously made sushi. i came for lunch, so i can only speak about my lunch experience. 
my favorite roll was the shrimp and eel fiesta roll. it was such a powerful kick to add a little mexican twist to sushi. the lunch sushi and nigiri special was good. the hand rolls are really spectacular because they are wrapped in this non-seaweed wrapper. i want to say it is soy based but i am not sure. i think the roll and the hand rolls were the best.  one of the handrolls was alright, but the other two was very flavorful (one of the good ones was the spicy tuna).  and this place has low sodium soy sauce (yay!) i hear the cod is amazing, but ill have to try that next time!
the decor was beautiful! minimalist and clean, yet the place did not feel cold or uninviting.I had a major sushi craving this week and decided to indulge on payday. I got the maki combination lunch special with the salmon and avocado roll, spicy tuna roll, and the yellowtail, jalapeno, and mango roll.  While they were all very good, the yellowtail, jalapeno, and mango was a standout-- a great mix of flavors and the jalapeno lent some crunch and heat.  I also appreciated that the spicy tuna was a whole piece of fish, rather than the finely chopped fish combined with spicy mayo that you get at some other places.  Yes, it was more on the expensive side (especially for a lunch), but I understood it for the quality of the fish.  I'd definitely come back.I brought my boyfriend to Zama for his birthday dinner and we were pleasantly surprised by not only the delicious food, but also by the service and fair pricing. We started with the pan seared pork dumplings, followed by an array of sushi rolls, and finished with their "mini desserts" which allows you to pick 3 options for $12. How awesome! We tried the salted caramel mochi which is imported from Japan, their tofu beignets with chocolate and caramel dipping sauce, and the salted dark chocolate mousse. We were stuffed before dessert came out but had to finish every bite. And the cocktails were to die for! I tried the Japanese 75 with sake, vodka, and St Germaine and drained every drop. 
Our waitress, Fedra, was so sweet! Knowledgeable about the menu, quick service, suggested her favorites, and overall very pleasant and kind. 
Will absolutely be back.Oh, Zama - you truly rock my sushi lovin' world.
Tonight I dined alone but was still treated well (thank you!) as I sat at the 8 chair sushi bar and watched the chefs work their magic.
A single negi-chu-toro hand roll was buttery perfection.
A $28 (7 piece nigiri) of market specials was delicious and 5 of the 7 fish I had never tried or never even heard of.  All delicious.
Perfectly marinated ikura (salmon roe) - although for $5.00 a piece - the portion was very tiny.  (Like 18 eggs or so.  Come on, guys!)
And for "dessert" 2 perfect slices of house-made tamago (none of that frozen garbage here!).
Domo! Domo!
I am infatuated (once again) with Zama.  Decor is Zen, sleek & lovely.  (Look up to see the giant Koi above you.)
$60 including tax 'n tip (no alcohol) is pretty steep though.  My husband may freak out on me.  It also underscores what a GREAT value Doma is and how high-priced Morimoto is.  (Zama is right in between.)Love their cod fish, very special and yummy. The sauce is sweet but good, the fish skin is crispy. 
I m not crazy about Their dessert,too little.This is by far one of my most favorite dining experiences. I've had sushi of all caliber, from $7 rolls in midtown Manhattan, to $200 prix fixe tasting menus. I was super surprised as the quality of the food and the exceptional service. 
I really wish I got the waitress' name. She was blonde and I believe I overheard her saying she's been at the location for over a year. Well, she was probably one of the most exceptional servers I've ever had.
As for the food: The sushi was fresh, well prepared and delicious. I am not the sushi eater that drenches his food in soy sauce. I enjoy the subtle flavors of fish and the sauces as prepared by the chef. So, with that in mind, I have to admit that the balance in flavor profiles of the dishes that I had ordered was quite exquisite.. We had ordered the Branzizzle Roll, which had a nice citrusy flavor that really brings out the branzino used in the roll. The drinks were top-notch too. 
Please, if you are ever in the city of Philadelphia, you have to come here and try this place.Mediocre service, mediocre food (Americanized sushi and rolls: lots of deep fried stuff, sauces overwhelming the delicate fish), pretty pricey. The only redeeming factor was that the fish was not fishy. Enough said. Not coming back.Within the Philadelphia area, it's not bad, but I've been spoiled eating much better. The prices are on par for 'good' sushi, but I would sooner point my car in the direction of NYC to eat really killer chirashi.Zama excels in nearly all aspects of the dining experience. The are at the top level of restaurants because of creativity in each dish.  The combination of flavors achieves excellence, especially in a dish like the Black Cod Dice. As our fantastic Steve put it, "The bitterness of the endive, the savory cod, and the acidity of the pickled vegetable creates a fundamentally perfect dish."
Service was truly stellar.  I was having a particularly indecisive evening.  After a few quick questions, Steve took our menus and then proceeded to bring out an array of dishes that highlighted complex flavor profiles, complimented each other, and perfectly satisfied our desires.  Another favorite was a jalapeno tuna roll, topped with crab. Each dish had brought different flavors and textures together in a culinary delight.
For drinks, there is a small beer list, a decent sized cocktail menu that is well thought out, and an extensive wine list. One beer, Japan's Asahi, is on draft.  For dessert, don't miss the fried banana spring roll.  Sounds a little weird, tastes awesome. 
Bottom Line: Maybe I'm being a bit over zealous. But when service and food are this good, it's hard not to rave.  Zama goes beyond the desire to have a good meal.  Eating here is a true experience, and I am already anticipating my next visit.I went for restaurant week last night, and it was pretty decent. 
Atmosphere: cozy, get used to hearing other people's conversations, once it died down, it was better. 
Staff: have to admit, this was the most disappointing.. our waiter couldn't seem to get anything right. My boyfriend ordered the miso soup, and got a salad, so we sent that back, then someone else's dinner came to my table, and we had to send that back (turns out it was for the table next to us) and our waiter kept saying, "oh i must have misunderstood".... but the guy wrote it all down, so i'm not really sure if he was having an "off" night or he was just swamped. 
Food: pretty great actually, house salad was yummy, veggie tempura was great (2 sauces), the maki and sushi combinations were really tasty. I wish i had ordered the sushi combination, i think i would have liked that more, but everything was really good. **the waiter redeemed himself a little when things calmed down and began explaining some of the other delicious sushi rolls, etc, which was nice to learn about**  their desserts were pretty great also. the mochi treat was spectacular. i wish i could eat another right now. 
Drinks: didn't get any, but they seemed a little overpriced, it would be great it this was a BYO spot. 
Overall: i'd definitely go to this place again, despite the not so great service, because i'm intrigued by the different types of rolls they have, it was easy to get to, parking wasn't difficult in the area (street or lot). there seemed to be a lot of theater and comedy spots so maybe a show and sushi?I love this place. I had never even heard of it when a friend invited me for dinner there recently. We got the soft-shell crab appetizer...phenomenal. The sushi was the best I've had in the city so far. I love sushi, had recently moved here and had been searching for a place that's up to par with the favorite restaurant I left behind. Zama definitely takes the title for best sushi in Philadelphia. It is a bit pricey, but I thought well worth it.Delish. Brussel sprouts, steak, sushi was delish but small. Would def recommend.I am new to the area and have not tried many Japanese restaurants, but I believe when you try a restaurant and like it for what ever reason, I go back for that.  I feel that Zama compares to Morimoto's.  Granted Zama does not have the extensive menu items on a daily basis as does Morimoto's, but Chef Zama has the upmost regards for freshness.  I go to Zama now on the regular now and have the omakase everytime.  He got to know my palate and when ever he gets something that I know I would like, he will text me.  Therefore besides the food, which is great, the personal service tops it off.I have been six times now, the last two we did the chef's tasting.  The flavor combinations are amazing, and a little unexpected.  I went a little outside of my usual comfort zone and tried everything that was placed infront of us, and was not disappointed.  
For sushi, the fish was perfectly cut and seasoned with wasabi, the rice was the perfect temperature and preparation.  We had this soft boiled/poached egg with some kind of Uni sauce (sorry, but at this point we were a full bottle of sake in so i don't remember how it was described exactly), but it was delicious.  
The most surprising dish though was dessert.  Too often, sushi houses give you the generic green tea tempura fried ice cream, but here the desserts are worthy of any fine dining establishment.  
Overall, thus is an excellent restaurant for dates and business meetings alike, I can see why they were awarded 3 bells!Wow i am glad that I found this place.
I used to go to Genji in the center city and have been disappointed since it was closed.
This place is a modern version of Genji with more options of rolls. Really enjoyed the meal.I just love coming to Zama. Bento lunch boxes are delicious and inexpensive. My favorite is  bbq eel, it comes with the best miso soup around and tossed spring salad. Not sure why they change they bronzizzle, it used to come with a slice of hot chilli pepper on each roll, now its just sprinkled with hot sesame oil, and its not the same.
all in all a great place with nice atmosphere, great decor, beers are great as well, service is consistent (i have literally lunched there like 20 times),
will try for dinner!Best sushi I've had in Philly and have tried quite a few over the years. Excellent service as well, tuna wasabi, sesame salmon top the list. No need to dip in soy, the flavors are just amazing. 
A little pricy but well worth itLove this place! Great food and wine for very reasonable prices. Sometimes the service takes a very long time when they are busy, but it's totally worth the wait. We always get the Hibachi scallops for an appetizer, which are the best scallops I've ever had - they practically melt in your mouth. We also insanely love the brussel sprouts, which I think come with chicken skewers. Their maki rolls are delicious as well.Great sushi. Can't go wrong with this place. I will say it's pretty consistent and you'll love all the rolls. Atmosphere isn't the best as far as size but it's goodI never complain, but Zama was a complete waste of time and money. The food was bland and texturally off -- I couldn't even finish my Dragon roll, despite still being hungry and its $15 price tag. Also we waited 45 minutes to get our very minimal order. Ridiculous.Just went Zama because my sister was raving about it and she is pretty picky. The food was in fact amazing. The NY strip strips were to die for. I recommend trying the strips and the spicy crunch tuna roll.This was my first restaurant to try during restaurant week and I would surely try this spot again for sushi I went for dinner and the fish was fresh as fresh could be.  I had  a salad, the pork dumplings, maki  combo and some of the tastiest desserts ever. Luckily these were bite size otherwise I may have rolled out of Zama.  I did try the cucumber martini which was very light and refreshing. The server was friendly and attentive. The space is nice and tastefully decorated. Parking could be an issue, I found spot around the block in lot.best sushi experience in Philadelphia.  black belt a treat.Aside from the fishy fishy fish smell, it was pretty good!  I think the smell would subside with more people in the restaurant.... I ate at an odd hour of lunch with close to no one there.  
The sushi was good for Philadelphia standards, which kind of means nothing.  It satiates, I guess.  The prices are good for lunch.This is not somewhere I would go just to have "sushi". Make it a special occasion and be prepared to spend the $$$ to try the good stuff. 
I went for a friend's birthday dinner and the moment I saw that the chopsticks were set horizontally Japanese-style I knew it was going to be good. The menu was really creative and everything we tried was both unique and delicious. 
A few comments on food we tried:
- Bronzizzle - both delicious and well portioned. 
- Hamachi Tataki - a very small portion for the price, but so rich in flavor. The hamachi just melts in your mouth. 
- House tofu - the mushroom sauce that came with the house tofu was amazingly savory, and the silky tofu cooks at the table! 
- The desserts were great too, and you get to try three different ones for $10. 
Overall I was really impressed with the food, and the service was attentive. Next time I'm ready to seriously splurge I would definitely consider Zama.my favorite sushi in the city. it is so expensive and it is so good!!! I go here for delicious, fresh, melt in your mouth sushi. if you want something else...well I am sure it will be good. The chirashi bowl with spicy rice? OMG so amazing. you won't regret it if you go here!I wish I could understand the hype for this place. I was expecting so many wonderful things from Zama and after leaving, I couldn't think of anything that was mind blowing or even satisfactory. The restaurant itself is small - you will def need reservations. The restaurant is pretty noisy especially if you are by the kitchen (which many tables are). Food took FOREVER to come out so they offered us a free appetizer complimentary which they picked. I appreciated the effort but this must have been the most horrible appetizer I've ever had. Specialty rolls were disappointing and strongly lacking any kind of taste - or trying far too hard to merge different tastes together. I will never go back - there's plenty more sushi restaurants with better service and fresher, more tasteful rolls.First let me say that I love love love good sushi- (No california rolls or spicy tuna for me).  I went to Zama for a sashimi lunch and was pleased to see items such as bronzino and kinda blue tuna.  However, the sashimi was paper thin and for $5.00 a piece, with a two a piece minimum, it was not worth it.  The bronzino was slimy and not very good.  I don't mind spending money for sushi (can you say Sasabune in NY), but I was very disappointed in Zama.  And I'm not just whining!!!I was ready to give Zama 5 stars until we got our bill.  The experience and food were great, but I'm not sure the price the was right.  
First, I want to give a shout-out to our server, Brian.  He had an encyclopedic knowledge of the menu, and a great personality and demeanor to boot.
The highlights were the kurubota pork dumplings, Zahav roll, and the bronzizzle roll.  The dumplings had an awesome taste of ginger that I wasn't expecting.  The creativity of the Zahav roll was really cool to bear witness too, and it tasted amazing as well (especially the creme fraiche).  Lastly, the bronzizzle roll blew me away.  I could taste it before it hit my tongue, and really thought the citrus taste matched the texture perfectly.
I probably don't understand sashimi, but the sashimi combo (black belt) we ordered left something to be desired.  The texture of the albacore was the shining star, but the other 8 pieces were just OK.  
I would definitely come back here, and recommend it to anyone.  I just may order more rolls next time and less sashimi/small plates (might be a better deal).  Overall, pricey but definitely worth a try.I'm torn between giving this place a 4 or 5-star rating.  I don't like to dine in because I'm not a fan of the decor (light wooden planks everywhere is not a pretty sight), but because I live so close, pick-up works just fine for me.  One of my favorite rolls is the spicy crunchy tuna roll ($7) and the chirashi (which is slightly overpriced at over $20 but will surprisingly fill you up).  The sushi is always fresh and delicious and the different sushi and sashimi combos are all great.  Sometimes when I call, they say they're not doing take-out because they're too busy which is a bummer, but they can set their own rules.It makes me sad to write this. 
Zama has been on my list of dining favorites in the city of Philadelphia.  (Ny & la) much of my time is spent.  
Im not going into details, of all my disappointments, the List is to long, and I know that chef/owner must be aware.  
I'm sure this must be rooted in money issues.  
Close the other place!!!  or ask one of your wealthy regular fans for a helping hand, because they all sit at your tables.  
PLEASE BRING BACK MY ZAMAStill my favorite sushi place in the city but can struggle with consistency. Reasonable corkage, friendly and knowledgeable staff, and a fun, modern, yet somehow intimate-feeling ambiance make this place a winner aside from the food. Best fish selection you'll find outside of Manhattan, and a great saké list. A definite winner.After  relocating to Philadelphia a few months ago, my husband and I decided to check out the new Japanese sushi house some of my co-workers have been raving about.  We walked in on a Monday night to find the place almost empty.  My first thought was that my co-workers might have no idea what they are talking about, but it turns out they were MORE than just right!!!  I have to admit  It has been awhile since we have had such an amazing dining experience and though we don't typically post foodie reviews, our trip to ZAMA is worthy of internet praise (:
We sat down in a warm and cozy booth and  were greeted in seconds by our friendly  server Jennifer who knew everything there is to know about the menu items. We were given stellar recommendations without even having to ask and she was more than happy  to cater to the food restrictions my husband must adhere to by orchestrating a yummy combination of rolls for him to enjoy! Though I wasn't drinking my husband did try out one of the many sakes they have to offer and was very impressed!   The wine list is sensational and the cocktails appear to be very tasty!!  I can't wait to try all of them!!!
Be sure to look up at the ocean swimming on the ceiling..it had me in a trance the whole time!!
 What to try when you visit: The sustainable Blue Fin tuna and a charity roll called" The Justice" It not only was beautiful, innovative, and delicious but the money you throw down for this combination of flavors goes toward an amazing charity for children.  
We are so excited to have such an amazing Sushi spot right in our neighborhood and I can't wait to go back and try out some of the other items Zama has to offer!!!  When you go..ask for the girl with the tattoos..she is very helpful and lots of fun!!Best sushi spot in the city.  Superb quality, never any "fishy" tastes.  Everything is great, if you're lucky and the sushi chef offers you a special--take it!!
By the way - they do a fantastic job with both large and small parties, I've been to group parties here several times in the back room & it's always been fantastic and seamless service.
Special shout out for the awesome Sake Sangria & Blackberry Ginger cocktails.This restaurant is one of the best in Philadelphia.  My first time there was an amazing and rewarding experience as it came highly recommended by my Chair of the Department I was working for who is a Chef as well.
I was excited and totally overwhelmed with the level of innovative and creative offerings starting with the appetizer menu.  My friend who went with me and who had very little exposure to this level of sushi artistry was totally blown away on the first course so much that they insisted I continue to order for the rest of the evening.  It was like being a little kid in a great toy store being teased by all the possibilities wanting to try them all.  This IS NOT your average sushi joint by any means.
Please be aware of the cost factor if you are on a budget as the menu selections are reflected in the pricing.
I have to also include my server who was an outstanding representation to this great restaurant. She was a theater major student whose personality was a great addition to our experience with a very outgoing personality and ability to know how to keep her tables happy.  KUDOS to her.....This was the best sushi I've ever had.  WOW!
For comparison, I've had sushi in DC, Northern Virginia, and at that really expensive place at the Bellagio.  This was better than all of them.
The Tuna tasted like fresh ocean (not like nasty ocean).  Some sushi rolls looked like works of art and tasted even better.  We will be back to Philly and definitely come back to Zama!Came here for restaurant week, so may not have had the most adventurous items on the menu, but was quickly disappointed.  Sushi was boring, small, and not very flavorful.  I'd honestly prefer Mizu over this any time, and Mizu is like 1/2 the price.
Also - clean your bathrooms!My favorite sushi places in Philly!! 
I highly recommend Black Belt sushi and sashimi combo. The fish is super fresh and yummy. There're many impressive rolls too. Vetri Roll is my favorite. Even the Maki rolls, which are usually simple and nothing special at other restaurants, are creative and tasty.
It gets a bit crowded at 8-9 pm, but waiters and waitresses are attentive.This was a tough rating (debated between 3 and 4, ultimately a 3.5 becomes a 4). On the one hand, the service was great (both the hostess and waiter were very friendly and extremely informative; the waiter put for a great effort to upsell, without coming across as pushy), the atmosphere was comfortable and cool (I also liked that they provided non-wood chopsticks, placed on a holder, and replaced out plates with every app/starter/dish we had) and the location was convenient (close to the office/hotel we were staying at). 
Furthermore, I must say the miso soup rates as one of the 2 or 3 best miso soups I've ever had (only complaint is that it was too small!) which is a great compliment for something so commonplace as miso soup - it's hard to stand out from the crowd. Their dumplings were decent - not as thicky/doughy as traditional gyozas, but a bit thicker than Chinese dumplings. The waiter actually described them quite accurately so I cannot fault him/the restaurant for that. 
As for the sushi - we split the sushi/sashimi regular combo (great size for 2 people, but wildly overpriced) and had the middle eastern hand roll (4 small hand rolls with falafel and tzatziki sauce). As a middle eastern cuisine connoisseur, I must say their falafel was quite disappointing (definitely soft and easy to eat, but not crunchy and lacking substance as traditional falafels have). I guess you can't fault them too hard for screwing up a dish from a cuisine in which they aren't pros, however if it's on the menu, you better rock it. Their hand rolls were quite nice and light, but for the price it was lacking. 
On the negative side, the price was a bit outrageous for sushi (but the area is overpriced to begin with, and since the company paid, I didn't bat an eye). The sushi, while tasting average, was cut quite thinly and lacked substance. The wasabi, soy and ginger were fine, nothing to separate it from any other sushi joint. 
We skipped dessert, but it looked like standard fare, although their tasting menu seemed intriguiging, especially because it gets a bit cumbersome when eating 1 single large dessert when what you really want it to try bit of multiple desserts, so I appreciated that. 
Coming from New York, where sushi is abundant, high quality and comes at a great price, I cannot justify paying for this place out of my own pocket. Perhaps my standards have been set too highly. 
All in all, I'd come here again if on a business trip and wasn't paying for it. Definitely worth a try, at least once.This restaurant, it seems to me, is very much over-rated. I hate when reviewers have very specific complaints that seemingly would only bother that type of person so my final opinion of the place discounts my boyfriend's bizarre and extreme reaction to some unwanted spice in a sushi. I will, however, complain about the unusually long wait for sushi between plates. The pork fried dumplings were nothing special, but the Rittenhouse Three rolls were--Exceptionally fresh fish with flavorful fruits and sauces. My Rainbow Roll lacked flavor. Also, funny story: a couple at the far end of the restaurant had a wonderfully looking vertical maki topped with what looked like a stir fried chicken with a dark brown sauce. Delicious! I described what I had seen to our waitress, who asked their waitress what they had ordered. Our waitress was certain it was such-and-such, so we got the such-and-such. That such-and-such arrived 30 minutes later and it was terribly sour (turned out to be the Bronzizzle). I love fish, but I disliked that dish. We try again. It must have been the such-and-such-other-thing. So we get that. Turns out that wasn't what I saw either but I kept my mouth shut. It's too bad the waitress couldn't have figured out from my description what that couple had. The Zahav dish was good, and we especially liked the deep fried edamame balls. We liked the after dinner sake, but, all in all, it was a very mediocre experience.The only reason I gave this place 2 stars is because of the service. Otherwise a total zero. The sushi was not as good as what you get in a supermarket, the desserts were tasteless, and the coffee was burnt. I won't be back.Mmmm I was excited to come to this place for some sushi but won't be coming back .
Service : extremely rushed , our waiter pretended to be nice but the whole time I got the sense he just wanted us out of there quick as the rest of the waiters . Food comes very quick and as soon as u r done they are taking your place away.
Drinks : nothing spectacular 
Food: was good , I wished the service was as good so that I would desire to even Come back .
But I'm not going to spend more money on this business who really don't seem to care about customer happiness or satisfaction.I just had dinner at this fine establishment tonight for the first time and I must say I am highly impressed!  Our server was a very knowledgeable and friendly girl who suggested that we try this rare farm raised tuna that they have.  The flavor was like no tuna I had ever had and I am really happy I had the opportunity to experience it.  
Everything was great from the Eel Omelet roll right down to the miso soup.  The menu offers a very interesting take on traditional Japanese flavors with a modern flair.  They offer edamame with three unique salts that give a fresh twist to a traditional crowd pleaser.  We had the wasabi salt and I am excited to try the green tea salt next time I go in. 
The entire experience was so enjoyable.  The entire restaurant makes you feel like you are the only table in the place.  Everyone is very attentive and it  shows in the food.  Even the staff seems excited and proud to be there.  I am so excited to have a reliable sushi restaurant in Philly.  I wouldn't hesitate to say that this place beats any restaurant in New York City and heavily trumps overpriced Morimoto. If I were Steven Starr I would be watching my back!   I can't wait to go back.NOM NOM NOM - holy moly this was fabulous. The decor is beautiful the platings are beautiful and the service was great. My only issue was that I was too eager to show off my chop sticking skill with a steamed dumpling and splashed sauce all over a white work blouse. FAIL. BUT a waitress, who wasn't even ours, saw and brought me clb soda! Bravo Zama, Bravo!!
I got the Rainbow Roll, Sesame Salmon, Seaweed salad and the short ribs app. Things were split but that is everything I tasted and it was super yummy!I went with a group of sushi-loving friends for dinner here and at the end of the night, we all felt we found an excellent, if pricey (but then, that is to be expected with quality sushi) place in Philadelphia.  First, we shared a series of appetizers, all good.  I loved the Kaiso salad, different types of seaweed with tosazu and was equally enthralled by the juicy, flavorful braised boneless ribs and the grilled scallops.  A special treat was the table-cooked house tofu, richly tasting of soybean.  Highly recommended if you love tofu.
Among the main dishes we shared, the miso marinated black cod with root vegetables was very good and the same can be said for the Tonkatsu of Berkshire pork.  It was aggressively fried, with a good amount of fat, a plus in my book, not necessarily for other, more fatphobic eaters.
Now to the sushi.  Both the sashimi and sushi items we ordered that evening were impeccably fresh and superbly cut (the rice for the sushi pieces was also exceptionally good and well cooked).  The sea urchin (uni), kept fresh in salt water, was sweet and creamy.  We tried some rolls, including a unique tuna California roll, all delicious and making for addictive eating.
We did not try the interesting sounding special cocktails but drank across the fine sake list, including a fragrant Nigori and several Ginjo and Junmai varieties.  As a crowning treat, we ordered the Junmai Daiginjo, complex tasting and worth every penny.
A Yuzu Crème Brûlée was all we managed for dessert, it was good.
The room aesthetics are vaguely Japanese (lots of wood) with soaring ceiling of swirly patterns, broken up by shark silhouettes - cool.  The service was attentive and tried very hard to convey a basic knowledge of Japanese food, and of sushi in particular.  
Zama is a fine addition to the burgeoning Philly restaurant scene.I went to Zama late on a Saturday night with a group of about 15.
The decor is simple and clean, but not plain.  The slatted walls and the interesting design on the ceiling set it apart from other restaurants with minimalist decor.
Our server handled our large party with ease.  She was friendly, didn't seem stressed or overwhelmed, and was willing to offer suggestions.  Our dishes came out quickly and were all delivered to the correct person.
My husband and I shared the fried pork dumplings - perfectly uniform, piping hot, crunchy and flavorful.  They were served with a wasabi soy sauce, which was a little spicy for me, but I found it to be an unnecessary flavor addition anyway.  Others at our table split the edamame sampler.  The wasabi salt became the immediate source of conversation.  Of course all the manly men began beating their chests and demonstrating how much of the spicy salt they could tolerate on a single bean pod.
A few at my table decided to share one of the sushi combinations.  It was presented in a huge jade-colored saucer, what my brother-in-law referred to as a "birdbath of sushi."  The entire thing was "chef's selection," but nothing seemed to be too daring; crowd-pleasers like Philly Roll and Crunchy Spicy Tuna Roll flanked the dish, while various pairs of fresh, compact nigiri were scattered between.  Everyone seemed to enjoy the variety.
I decided to go with the Justice For All roll, one of their signatures.  Tempura snow crab wrapped in soy paper, topped with tuna tartare, wasabi mayo and black tobiko provided one of the most perfect unions of flavor and texture I have ever experienced.  Not typically a tobiko fan, I was surprised at how unoffensive the black variety was - tiny, not overly salty, no creepy pop in your mouth.  Like I said: perfect.
I am definitely looking forward to another visit.Went for lunch mid-week. Hostess was not very welcoming. Sushi chef had no personality (we usually sit at the bar expecting some interaction). I asked the server about the Ginger Martini and after he brought it, he did not bother to follow up on how I liked it... it was not good. My wife's cucumber martini was another disappointment. Braised short ribs.... fell short!
All that aside, I'd be willing to be forgiving if the sushi knocked my socks off..... Well, grocery store sushi has better, softer rice than what we experienced. If this place really deserves the ratings it's gotten, then I guess it was my bad luck to come from out of town and visit Zama on the day they dropped the ball.... BIG time!great experience.  food is amazing.  if you don't like to relax and dine, go on the early side.  we found the bartender and our waitress to be as good as they come.  knowledgeable, kind, professional in every way.  and then there's the best fish in philadelphia.  i will be back.I LOVE Zama - the food is just so good and always top-notch in terms of quality. I have been there a couple of times now and eating there always makes me satisfied. The lunch sets are really good for the price too - you get edemame, udon (which was delicious!), salad and a choice of sushi. Definitely a winner for me!I would have given Zama 4 stars, but the service really didn't do it for me. The food in itself was delicious. The main highlights were the Spicy Paiche Tempura, the Bronzizzle Roll and the Vetri Roll. The star of the night though was the Wasabi Tuna roll. Definitely the best thing we had that night. 
Cocktail and Wine Selection is so-so. Nothing to rave home about. 
It's a shame because the food certainly was delicious, but the whole time we were there we felt like we were being rushed. Our waiter was very intense and basically didn't allow us to have a relaxing meal. Because of that alone, I don't know that we will return to Zama. 
For better sushi, I recommend going over to Vic Sushi. Completely different atmosphere (more casual), but the sushi is definitely better.beautiful restaurant and great sushi.  the wasabi lobster is my favorite (lots of lobster on top) and i also love the yellowtail jalapeño mango.  zama is really good with gluten free and is knowledgeable about all of the ingredients in the rolls. i love that i can order a spicy tuna roll and not worry about hidden soy sauce.  the green tea martini is also delicious!I came here twice already and I think the sushi is delicious and would definitely come back for more because of it. The service however, leaves more to be desired. The first time I dined here was during dinner time. My server was pretty aggressive throughout my dinner. I don't think i was ever given an adequate amount of time to choose what I wanted. I am a server myself, and so I am conscious of timing during busy service hours. The second time I came here was during lunch hours and so there were only 3 other diners. The server was not attentive and was also impolite and abrupt whenever addressing anyone at my table. For the prices at this restaurant, I would hope for more quality service. The servers overall will not deter me from coming here again, but it is just a note to keep in my mind when dining here.It was good but nothing outstanding. The rolls have mango or steak in them. Not my type of sushi. I like the fresh fish to be the focus and that doesn't seem to happen here. I Will give them points for their hot food though. That was excellent. I had the short rib which was delicious, and the fries cod in some sort of sauce tasted exactly like bang bang shrimp from bone fish grill (aka YUMMY)! 
Also, the Yuzu Mule is perfect, and the desserts were pretty good (get the banana egg rolls)Was in for a midweek business lunch. Service was almost too fast, but everything was awesome.  Sushi very fresh and server very helpful.  It can get pricey pretty quickly, if  you are on a budget check out the lunch specials.I've had lunch here a few times and dinner for the first time about two weeks ago. At the outset, I prefer it for lunch. The service is quick, which generally suits lunch better than a leisurely do dinner, and the prices are significantly better at lunch for the same food.
I what I remembered our server's name, because he had a sort of dry sense of humor that my friends and I appreciated. He helped us choose a few rolls and appetizers for the table, and when we needed to order more after a first round, he was happy to accommodate and offer additional suggestions. He also steered us toward a different wine than we were originally expecting, which was only mediocre (though perhaps that might have been true of the one we originally were going to choose, too!). Atmosphere is pleasant enough but noisy on a Friday night -- ask for a table closer to the back/away from the bar.
In my mind, Zama is an upscale sushi restaurant on the edge of Rittenhouse Square that delivers exactly what you'd expect for such a place. It's not mind-blowing, but it's a safe pick for any upscale sushi meal (particularly lunch).Always fresh, always delicious, the fish is always cut, cleaned and sliced properly, brought up to temperature by the books. So you get just right temp fish with warm high end rice. No skimping on cheap rice that fills your tummy. The nori is always fresh and crispy.  The fish is always very tasty and full of flavor. Good buyer, great chef who knows what to do to make the food consistently delicious. Lunch deals are very affordable. Dinner is expensive. You get what you pay for. Hard to park though if you're driving in from the burbs. Unless you have rockstar parking karma like me!I've been eating vegetarian sushi for years. I chose Zama to finally delve back into the world of eating meat. What a wonderful surprise! The Spider Roll, Philadelphia Roll, and California Roll were all delicious. We even got a second California Roll. The drinks were a bit expensive - over $30 for two glasses of Malbec and one glass of cheap champagne. The service was also a bit slow. However, I look forward to going back.Always liked this place but since I had the bronzizzle I am looking for opportunities to come here as often as possible. Very knowledgeable staff.The service was great and the food was even better.  Easily the most unique sushi experience I have ever had.  We went all out and ordered one of each of the appetizers and chef special rolls.  Each one was better than the last and each one was especially unique in flavor.  I cannot wait to go back!I've dined at Zama twice and decided to give its Yelp review a go. My first visit to Zama was very positive where we were seated quickly, gorged on delicious maki rolls, and felt that the price was worth the dining experience and food. 
A little over a year later, the experience was a little different.
We stopped in on a weekend evening for dinner. We were seated quickly and ordered drinks before diving into the menu. The damage for a party of three (the bill came out to a little over $110): house salads (perfectly dressed with crisp, fresh mixed greens), hamachi ponzu, akadashi soup (red miso), maki rolls, and sashimi. The fish, overall, was fresh but it wasn't anything special per se in terms of creativity or presentation. Of the maki, there wasn't really anything that impressed us, even for the price.
The atmosphere was trendy with a modern fusion vibe. Well designed interiors, clean, just the right amount of lighting and appropriate noise level. The server was good about checking back with us throughout the dinner, but we got a mixed annoyed and hurried move-it-along-quickly-now vibe that didn't sit well.  
Overall, trendy vibe with an extensive food and beverage offering. But prepare yourself for a pricey meal that may not wow you and slightly disinterested service.It's so gooood. It's not a cheap night- I reserve it for special occasions. But, I also sometimes make-up special occasions so I can go. My favorite things I've had here have been the Verti roll (truffled eel sauce, come on) and the Zahav roll (sushi grade albacore and edamame falafel?!). So creative and fun, but not over the top. I also had a live scallop appetizer once that I still think about sometimes, and the Surfer Roll is amazing. 
Anyone would like this place: from sushi snobs to squeamish fish eaters. And, no matter what they're doing: they do it well. The fish is super fresh and the flavor combos are so inventive.What is going on with sushi restaurants in Philadelphia?  I am looking for a new gem, and keep coming across the a-ok and so-so....  
My hubby and I were in the city catching a movie, and it was a gorgeous summer Sunday early evening - we did not feel like letting the week-end come to an end.  On a spur of the moment, we decided to jump into our fave sushi "dive" near Rittenhouse Square area: alas, it was closed on Sundays...  So we Yelped for suggestions, and came across Zama.  Off we went, less than  5 minutes' walk.  
We sat and perused the menu: asked for a few "spicy" recommendations, but I decided the best way to check the sushi restaurant's worth is to go simple: because with basic maki the chef cannot hide or disguise the quality of the ingredients and work.  So, I went with the spicy salmon and spicy yellowtail with jalapeno and mango; my hubby ordered the spicy trifecta: tuna, salmon and yellow tail, along with a salmon skin roll.  
I won't go too deep into details: bottom line - way too much rice, which was cooked a bit too crunchy for my taste, and too many fillers in the rolls...  The quantity of the fish in proportion to the cucumbers and jalapenos and rice was miniscule - honestly, I could barely taste the essence of the fish in these rolls. It was all very average... dare I say  "supermarket quality", the difference being this was made to order and did not sit in the fridge for hours. 
On the plus side, the service was prompt, pleasant, courteous: everyone from servers, to bussers, to sushi chefs, to hostesses, said good-bye and wished us a nice evening.  
The interior is sleek, modern, clean vertical lines of the light wood wall paneling pair perfectly with the dark door and window trims, and carry the lightness into the depths of the restaurant. The front "room" is the home of the large sushi bar, next to the alcohol bar, with seating at all perimeters.  The middle section is smartly laid out to separate the tables from the servers' busy working area, with a lovely half-round ceiling décor; the upper rear section houses more tables. But the charm of the staff and the ambience of the restaurant cannot compensate for the lack of sushi enjoyment. 
They say you must kiss many frogs before you find your prince charming - same appears to apply to sushi.  How many mediocre sushi do I need to eat before I find the next "WOW"?  Someone, anyone - tell me where the goods are hidden.Favorite sushi place in center city. The Bronzizzle and Wasabi Lobster specialty maki rolls are my favs! Been here many times and never had a dish I didn't like :)Not really sure what all the hype is over this restaurant. It's decent but certainly not nearly as good as everyone says. The service was impeccable, I will say that, but as far as food goes, definitely not all that. The salmon skin rolls were very tough and chewy, and while the veggie roll was served in lovely presentation, it was quite bland.Great service and great food. The servers are very well educated. It is a restaurant that I went already twice.This is one of the rudest experiences I have ever had and even more surprising since the restaurant made the mistake. I ordered pick up for myself and my co-workers, brought it back to the office, only to realize I was given the wrong order. When I called the restaurant, I was treated as if I made the error and was hung up on. When I went back to the restaurant to pick up the correct order, the only person I dealt with and who I assume was the manager (in a suit) remained extremely rude and never apologized. To clarify, he gave me the wrong order and I had to go back because of his mistake and that was how he behaved. Not only did I not deserve this treatment, but the food wasn't worth the aggravation. I will make sure to never go here again and recommend that others not risk the rudeness.Love Zama! Bestest sushi in the city.Clearly, I'm a sushi snob. But with good reason (my parents own a sushi restaurant as well - spoils of the trade, I'm afraid). 
Zama is great. Not too overpriced, a funky space (loved the decor and ceilings), and they have a variety of sushi/sashimi to offer. This includes the toros, as well as the basics. 
Went for date - super fun! Menu selections: 
- agedashi tofu (tofu was delicious, light and crispy, although they give you a huge bowl of ponzu sauce)
- sashimi sampler (hamachi jalapeno, tuna with honey miso glaze) - wish I had more, but it was nice. 
- sushi and sashimi sampler, black belt, which ultimately just means that there was a lot more toro, including that of the tuna, salmon, and hamachi included. 
- yellowtail roll for dessert. 
I thought all of the food was delicious, although we strayed away from the tasting menu, due to my indifference to tempura rolls and things that were included. fish on fish on fish. 
The only sort of downside was that the server wasn't on his A-game that night. It took him forever to just greet us with water. Also took forever, and seemed impatient everytime he came over to the table. However, the food was good, and the sake was cold. Obviously returning for when i need a sushi fix!Great service... Our hostess was the best part of the visit. An extra star for the quality of fish and seafood here but the food was very poor in Flavors n texture!  All I could taste was rice from sushi to hand rolls which masked the beautiful seafood. And it wasn't cheap by any means.I actually really enjoyed myself at Zama's. The host was really friendly and our party of 2 was seated quickly without any reservations. Our waiter was also super nice and friendly. My friend had an allergy to shellfish and dairy and the waiter was VERY on top of making sure what ingredients was used in which dishes. He even cautioned my friend from ordering a dessert because there was some butter used in it and he wasn't sure if my friend could eat it. I've never met a waiter who was so careful and friendly, so I was very impressed. 
The reason why I took off a few stars was because I wasn't really that full after ordering an appetizer, entree, AND dessert. Maybe I'm just a pig so it's my own problem, but I just wish that the portions were a bit bigger, at least for the entree. I got a Nigiri 7, so I knew that it would only come with 7 pieces of nigiri. However, I've worked at a sushi restaurant before and so I just felt like there wasn't enough rice used in the nigiri. Also, they used wasabi to stick the fish to the rice. I know a lot of places do that, but there was a lot of wasabi, and so it was very spicy to me and I couldn't scrape it off because it was inside the sushi!
The service and the presentation of the food was all really great, and my only complaint really is the food portions.I've been here like 6 times in the past year, sampled the sushi and many hot plates and EVERYTHING is good!I really dislike Zama. The restaurant itself is nice and has a slick, trendy feel. The service is slow and a bit inattentive. The sushi is ok-not great but not bad. But for the prices I expect far better food and service. Really feels like you are paying for the location. So if you are able to expense an overpriced underwhelming meal this may be your spot.Super pricey sushi and Japanese food spot in rittenhouse. If you like raw fish, go for it.
3 of us shared an order of the rock shrimp, salmon yuzy, King crab something,  an order of sushi black belt combo, anr s Sashimi black belt combo. With to beers that came out to 130 ish total.
The rock shrimp was okay, but I've had better. The king crab something was definitely good. Not sure if it is worth $24, but it was good.
I'm not a huge fan of raw fish, but the sushi was good i guess.Loved it.  First time and would go back.   Great fresh sushi.  Had some awesome rolls.     Nice menu good prices and great serviceI really enjoy the ambience and the service here, no doubt. The waitress was seriously one of the best and accommodating waitresses I have ever had. Although, I was not impressed with the food at all. This was my 3rd time here. The big eye tuna tartar is nothing special at all for $28. I wasn't even impressed with the mixed green salad - the ginger dressing is usually the best part and it was nothing to rave about. My sashimi was good but the portions just don't match the prices. I enjoyed the brussel sprouts but they were simply sautéed. There are just way better places in the area I'm sure.Zama is one of my favorite restaurants in the city. They have a great menu, though it's pricey, it is certainly worth spending a few extra dollars on your meal. My favorite thing to get is the calamari salad, it has great flavors, the calamari is in a tempura style and you could share it if you wanted, but after one bite you'll be hooked. The food comes out as it is ready. They also have the second best sushi I've had too.I waited a bit long to write this review, but our experience at Zama was memorable: top notch service, phenomenal food, cool vibe. My husband ordered the tasting menu, and I just got an appetizer and sampled each of his choices. Every single plate was outstanding. But even better, our server was just one of those genuine, friendly, put-you-at-ease kinds of people that make eating in a finer establishment absolutely worth it. Nothing is worse to me than going to a highly rated restaurant for great food only to find the service off-putting, making for a stiff and uncomfortable experience. This is one restaurant that absolutely lives up to its reputation.The upsides: the decor is very nice and feels trendy and fun.  It is very clean and the service was excellent.  I sat at the sushi bar and enjoyed watching the chefs make the sushi.  The sushi was fresh and very tasty.  
The minor downsides: the nigiri sushi was a bit small, but the fish quality was high. I ordered what I usually order (small sashimi appetizer, miso soup, and a hand roll), and had to order more to feel full.
But overall, I would recommend it.Favorites were: yellow jalapeno mango, bronzizzle, and the calamari salad. 
Cozy, clean atmosphere. 
Service was ok, but a bit slow.Hands down the best sushi in Philadelphia. If you want to vear off from sushi try the black cod. It's delicious.I give up.  I have come to this restaurant so many times in the last few years but hadn't for a good 8 months due to the bad service I repeatedly have gotten here.  No matter how good your food is if the service is bad it ruins it.  Came here a few nights ago, sat at the sushi bar, knew what I wanted when I walked in the door, a guy came up to pour my water, I asked if he was my server as I was ready to order, he said no but that he could help me.  (I never saw another server during this time there just him.) I ordered the bronzizzle roll, 2 pieces of salmon sushi and a miso soup.  I requested that my miso soup be brought out with my sushi as that is how I prefer to eat sushi.  Waiter:  "It doesn't work that way."  What?!?! Wow...so not only is this server giving me attitude and arguing with me over an extremely simple request which in all of my travels all around the world and all of the sushi restaurants I have ever eaten at it hasn't been a problem it somehow is here.  Wow.  My response: "Well, that's how I like to eat my sushi...with my miso."  Waiter: "Have you ever been here?"  Me: "Yes, yes I have."  Waiter:  "Well, I guess what I can do is just put your sushi order in then when it comes up I can put your miso soup order in so that it will be about 30 seconds behind if that's ok."  Me: "That'll be fine." (In my head:  Wtf?? Too much information dude.  I don't need you to rationalize it out for me and tell me your game plan...just make it happen...it's not that hard.) Bronzizzle roll comes, miso soup comes, no salmon sushi.  I ask the person who looked to be the manager who delivered my food about my salmon sushi. "Oh it should be coming out." Never came.  Finish my food.  Waiter brings me my check.  I say: "I never got my salmon sushi."  Waiter: "Oh I was so worried about your miso soup coming out at the same time as your sushi I forgot to put the order in."  OH MY GOD...I guess it is that hard.  He walks away to adjust my bill.  Sushi chef behind bar hands me 2 pieces of salmon sashimi.  I hand it back and say: "Actually I ordered 2 pieces of salmon nigiri."  Sushi chef hands me back 4 pieces of salmon nigiri.  Waiter comes back and makes a point out of saying: "Ohhhh...you got extra."  & I did pay for the 2 pieces of salmon that were forgotten.  Bill was $31 plus a $6 tip.  $37 to deal with an inept waiter who wanted to argue with me about my getting my miso soup at the same time as the roll who forgot to put in the order of 2 pieces of salmon nigiri who then made it seem like I got extra.  Dude you had 3 things to order that's it and if coordinating the miso soup to come at the same time as the sushi is wrecking your night because it is SO DIFFICULT that you can't remember to order one of the 3 things I ordered,  I would really hate to see you have to make some real decisions in real life that are far more serious.  WOW.  This place is overpriced with the worst service ever and they do not make you feel welcome, they make you feel like you got lucky to eat there to pay their high prices for their crappy service.  Never again.  When I go out to eat it is for the convenience of good food and good service which I PAY for.  If you can't give me that then you shouldn't be in business and don't make your customers feel like they are lucky to eat there because quite frankly that was work for me to deal with the waiter and my order was wrong but I still paid your prices and got treated badly.  You're welcome.Sushi is good, dishes are well presented.  Service is good.  The installation is nice but might benefit from some noise reduction devices.  Cost wise it was ok as well.  I would recommend it.One of the most stuck up places I've been too. Not very friendly. Sushi is different and offers unique flavors. So, it was great to try different types of unusual sushi. However, considering this is an upscale restaurant, I wasn't particularly a fan of it.Love the food. That's why we've returned several times. But we always get a kick out of the service, which is kind of bumbling. Most are very nice, but never once have we been there and gotten exactly what we ordered. Sometimes you'll see the whole waitstaff hanging out by the kitchen chatting it up, which is never a good sign...
So one star lost for poor service and the other for being so $$$!  Three big stars for great food.Food: 3.0 Stars
Selection of specialty rolls was mediocre.  All standard rolls were available for order and priced reasonably but lacked distinction vs. other basic sushi restaurants.  While the specialty roll (Wasabi Lobster) was delicious, it was not worth the $17 asking price.  In general, the rice was dry and the sushi was not as fresh as expected.
Service: 3.5 Stars
Service was excellent and the server was knowledgeable and courteous.  However, certain other staff members were inconsiderate of the restaurants patrons as they were loud, made inappropriate comments, and seemingly were adhering to their own agenda.
Ambiance: 4.5 Stars
The restaurants decor is very well done with attention to detail.  It has an atmosphere appropriate for both dating and causal dining.  The decor embodies a very modern Japanese touch.
Price: 3.0 Stars
Standard rolls are reasonably priced but specialty rolls are overpriced. Specialty cocktails/beers are in the upper end price range.
Location: 4.5 Stars
Excellent location right outside of Rittenhouse Park/Square.  Easily accessible and near Rittenhouse bars/lounges/restaurants.
Miscellaneous/Overall Impression: 3.5 Stars
In the cutthroat business of Japanese/Sushi Restaurants, this restaurant will survive mainly on ambiance and locations.  The food is only mid-range in quality, variety, and price compared to other Philadelphia Sushi Bars.This is a solid sushi place with good offerings and great service.  For lunch, the short ribs sandwich on brioche is very tender and nicely marinated.  The chu toro is very fresh, and melts in your mouth.  They don't have too many original rols but the standards, like the spicy salmon and eel/avocado are all pretty good.  I love that they have a california roll made with actual lump crabmeat.  The agedashi tofu is nicely seasoned, and the braised short ribs are very flavorful.  
The servers here are very friendly and attentive,and the ambiance chill.  A nice place for a quick and casual meal.Nice fun ambiance. Food for veggies/Vegan not great. Don't get me wrong, there are options, but delicious options? Nope. Vegan and veggie options at Fat Salmon were better. My husband did enjoy the seafood options and would go there again. If someone wanted to go there I wouldn't hate it, but if I had to choose them would never suggest it.Chicken was good (ZFC), too much ginger in gyozas, sooo much wasabi in sushi, bathroom was excellent! Service was pretty good. Overall, better than expected!I ate here Saturday night.  It was no problem getting a last minute reservation at 7:30.  I can understand why.  It wasn't bad by any means, but it also wasn't a place I will make a return to.  It was just blah.  I tried the hand roll chef's selection.  It was 3 different hand rolls that were ok.  Nothing special.  One was tuna, one salmon and one yellowtail.  They did  serve a generous portion of fish in all the sushi dishes, which was nice.  The spicy tuna roll was the best thing we had.  The worst thing was dessert.  We had the molten chocolate cake which was a cold chocolate cake.  This didn't make much sense to me since the definition of molten is warm/hot.  Service was ok.  I guess nothing really stood out.  They didn't have many interesting rolls or entrees.  Some of the things were on the spendy side while there ordinary rolls were quite reasonable.  I would rather go to raw, zento, uzu, pod, or morimotos any day before zama.My new favorite place around the Rittenhouse area. Excellent Quality Sushi and the Decor is fantastic.Updating my review - and once again terrific food and service (by John).
The black belt sashimi plate (great for 3 to share) had Chu Toro, Kanpachi, Salmon-toro, branzino, Saba and many other tasty fresh fish.
NY Strip Strips were amazing - especially the asparagus and "magic" mushrooms it is served with.
Calamari Salad and red miso soup are also good choices.
A  winner!Great sushi spot and my go to place when I'm in Philly by myself for dinner.  Some of the least friendly sushi chefs...no welcome
Or thanks but waitress kind and helpful.  Kind of small portions for the high price but great quality and unique dishes.  Highly recommend the sashimi sampler, spicy jumbo lump crab special roll and truffle eel daikon. All of that plus tip and no alcohol $71. Left to take beautiful after dinner walk on the river and got amazing homemade mint and chocolate chip popsicle at lil pop shop on 20th. Next time might have to
Try strawberry rhubarb pie.This is my second time at Zama. The service there is great! My date and I had the fried pork dumplings and the short ribs to share as an appetizer. Short ribs were delicious as usual however the dumplings weren't a favorite of mine. We then split half of the black cod. For the price of the dish, the portions were minuscule. The sides for the black cod were endives and pickled veggies. For a somewhat expensive dish, I would have expected a better quality garnish. For sushi, my date ordered us an eel and shrimp specialty roll, spider roll, salmon roll, one uni sushi topped with quail egg, and two trigger fish sashimi. Although i love their wide variety of fish, their sashimi is much smaller than average. All in all, I would still recommend Zama for the atmosphere and the experience.Alright. I've heard good things about this place so I decided to give this place a try. 
My friends and I went in for the restaurant week but ended up ordering the regular menu. One of my friends ordered veggie tempura and rittenhouse three, my other friend got two different specialty rolls (one of which was vetri roll),  and I got yellowtail nigiri and chirashi. 
To be fair, veggie tempura was perfect. But that was about it.
The food wasn't even mediocre... it was just downright horrible.
First, the rolls.
Oh, they looked pretty. And they were small enough that you can just pop them in your mouth w/out making a mess... These rolls were held together with a thin slice of daikon and that was where everything fell apart.... daikon had an odd taste that lingered on my tongue before it went away.. and that just really bothered me. Second, Zama uses their ingredients sparingly (and I am putting it nicely by saying that....). We could barely see eels in the rolls. The same happened for the other rolls my friend ordered. Daikon had a pungent taste to it.. and there was barely anything to prove that these rolls had eels in them. 
Second, the chirashi. 
This quite expensive chirashi was literally a thin layer of chorizo fried rice topped with two small octopus, two pieces of scallops and two slices of sashimi, oh yeah and a shrimp. But that was not the worst part. If by "drizzled with an espelette pepper aioli" means "flooded with alioli" then, yeah that's what I got. It was overwhelmingly salty, sour, and sweet that I choked over my food and ended up leaving more than half untouched. I swear, it tasted as if they poured lime juice all over the rice. I can't believe they even dared to call this chirashi.
I am never going back to restaurant ever again.The best sushi in Philadelphia. Try the Bronzino roll or the mad dog roll for a treat. Beer and cocktail list is good too.Sadly last evening was my final visit to Zama. Had been a couple times before and enjoyed the food and service; so much so that my sister and I had been talking about having dinner there for a while. Full disclosure: We did not have a reservation on this summer Friday evening @6pm. Upon entering we were greeted by the hostess who told us that w/out our entire party (one more person) we would have to wait to be seated. No big deal. We grabbed a small table near the bar and ordered cocktails. 10 minutes later our 3rd arrived and approached the hostess asking our whereabouts. She told him no one was waiting for anyone, and there were no tables available. His immediate comment to us was "What's wrong w/the hostess?" responding to her unprofessional demeanor. (Read petulant teenager) We assumed she didn't realize he was with us. After all, we had just come in 10 minutes prior and she had given us absolutely no indication that we weren't going to be accommodated. There were empty tables, as well as plenty of seats at the sushi bar. A good hostess would have explained that they were booked, but figured out another way to accommodate us. If there truly were no place to put us, a professional hostess would have explained that from the beginning rather than waiting until we had ordered cocktails at the bar and told our guest to come on over. It was completely baffling. More baffling was the manager's response. It was as sorry as the hostess. I think people in service industries need to learn that when they make an error, they should own up to it and apologize. It earns you so much credibility and good will. Clearly the manager and hostess at Zama have not learned the basics of customer service. We'll be getting our sushi elsewhere from now on and more iimportantly I will stop recommending it to my friends and colleagues, as will my sister (Philadelphia business owner) and her husband.Probably the best sushi place I have been to. The wine, the oyster shooters, the calamari salad, the spicy crab roll and the tuna wasabi maki roll were all beyond fresh and excellent. We decided to go here after reading the yelp reviews and were not disappointed. Katie, our server, was attentive, friendly and helpful with suggestions. We also got A glimpse of the Jake Gyllenhaul look alike waiter. Yes, a definite look alike. My husband and I, Jersey transplants formerly from  Old City certainly found our go to new Sushi Restaurant. Be adventurous and sit st the Sushi Bat, you won't be disappointed.They have the smallest nigiris I've ever seen. Me and my wife spent $450 and left hungry.This place has gone downhill in the last year.  Not only do they place you on hold for ridiculous amounts of time when you call, (what are they possibly doing???)  but their portion sizes have significantly diminished.  The last two times I got pick up, they made me wait nearly 30 minutes even though I arrived after the time they said the food would be ready (and it was clear that they hadn't even looked at the order, let alone start preparing it).  I wouldn't mind the wait so much if the sushi/sashimi was still good value and the food actually tasted good. I used to love their unagi, but what I've gotten lately is old and 'stale' eel. Their spicy crunchy rolls were always a favorite, but they are about half the size they used to come in.  The last sushi combination I ordered was extremely underwhelming, besides the usual tuna, yellowtail, shrimp and salmon, the other 5 nigiri were tasteless or not tasty.  It's just not worth the price tag anymore, sadly, so I guess we all just need to suck it up and dish it out at morimoto.I went here tonight with two friends for a light dinner. It was the perfect idea.
The service was great to start with. The hostess was very welcoming, finding us a place at the sushi bar even though we didn't have a reservation. The waiter was also very flexible, helping us adjust our order partway through the meal. 
I had the miso soup and the rainbow roll. Both were fantastic, even though I wasn't a fan of the mushrooms in my soup (my friend ate them and loved them - I just don't like mushrooms). My friend had the sashimi sampler, and her boyfriend had the 3-roll Philly special, one of the charity rolls, and this soy-paper wrapped spicy scallop thing that we split between us and was absolutely delicious. With the exception of the octopus in the 3-roll special, we all loved our food. In general, the food is a mix of fusion sushi and some more traditional Japanese food. Everything looked very tasty. It's a bit higher priced than other sushi options in the area, but also has better atmosphere than the other restaurants.So glad I found this spot! They have the most options I have ever seen for vegetarian sushi rolls! I love how creative their menu is in general but I totally loved their Kennet square mushroom roll. I
I also tried the spicy vegetable tempura roll which was also great. They have an option for a multigrain rice. Again a first that I have ever seen for sushi and I loved it. It made my meal much heartier and gave it a depth of flavor that I enjoyed. I tried a vodka based cocktail with yuzu juice. I can't remember the name but I had two as a martini and they were so smooth! 
Service was great and we went very early for a fri night happy hour. But I would definitely make a reservation. Overall, a great experience and can't wait to go back!Dinner was great. Service was great. My husbands favorite roll was the kennett square roll (mushroom one). I ordered the spicy super crunch tuna roll which instead of being fried was rolled in sesame seeds for the crunch.Overall, we had an excellent experience at Zama. The service was very good. We had some wine while waiting for our table, and the transition to the table was seamless. The edamame sampler was interesting, each of the salts has a unique taste. The sushi was amazing. The super spicy crunchy roll is a must try, you can get it with salmon, tuna or yellowtail (had mine with tuna). We also had two special rolls. The special rolls are on the pricier side, but worth it. The chef has mixed very unique flavors into the rolls, very different from anything I've had before. There were a lot more options aside from sushi on the menu. I will definitely be back to try some of the other menu items and cocktails!Had lunch at Zama recently and thought it was good, but not particularly commensurate with the praising reviews it seems to be receiving. In fact, it was one of the priciest lunch checks I've seen in awhile, and it didn't feel worth afterwards. 
Much of the pricey check came from the beers we were drinking. They have a very good selection of Japanese beers, particularly from Hitachino, which you can't find other places. On the downside, small bottles of beer are $12. There were four of us at lunch and we each at 2 beers, for a grand total of $96 worth of beer! They have cheaper options like Asahi Dry on draft, but those are not great and also bear a hefty markup. 
The food was good. I had a few different rolls. The fact that I can't remember what they were should speak for a commentary in itself. My friend ordered the fatty tuna (Oh Toro) sashimi as a side dish, and in the process won the Guinness Book of World Records award for most expensive side dish, at $12.50 per piece of sashimi, for a grand total of $25 for 2 smal rectangles of fish. At least it was exciting when Guinness burst in to take his picture!
So $200 for lunch for 4 people later, I'm not really looking to run back. I feel like there are better options for sushi, including Yanako in Manayunk.How could a simple bar transaction go so wrong?
My boyfriend enters Zama ahead of me. I plan to meet him there in five minutes. Five minutes later I enter the restaurant, turn to the bar where I see him seated. I sit down. Bartender is having conversation with a couple. The only other people at the bar aside from us. I join him. I lean over and ask "What did you order?" "Gin and Tonic" he replies. 
Bartender has glass of ice in front of her. She's conversing, conversing, conversing. I get handed a menu. No 'hello', no 'welcome', no 'i'll be with you in a moment'. She finally asks what I'll have 'Tito's and Soda". She makes my drink, all the while having my boyfriend's glass of cold ice sitting on the bar waiting to be made. She serves me my drink and then makes his. He was there at least five minutes before me. We waited for awhile and he still got his drink last.
We were there for about 35 minutes. The bartender ignored us the entire time while she doted on her couple of regulars. I get it, I'm a regular other places and I like the special attention that I'll get. But its no excuse to ignore and delay new customers when your bar isn't busy. But she never even checked in to see if we needed anything. Once we told her we weren't eating dinner there she couldn't care less about our time.
Won't be back ever.TLDR: ABSOLUTELY ABHORRED SERVICE. MEDIOCRE FOOD. Server John was awful....If I could give this place zero stars, I would. I almost never complain and I have a lot of waitressing experience, so I consider myself to be pretty reasonable when it comes to dining out....However, I've never had service this bad before in my life. To sit inside was a 45 minute wait, which was expected on a Saturday night, so we chose to sit outside. Our waiter didn't come to our table for over 15 minutes and seemed irritated from the start that he had to take outdoor tables. He started off not by introducing himself or saying anything besides "Any questions guys?" Didn't try to take our drink order and didn't come back for another 15 minutes. Sent the hostess out for him multiple times. Which I understand if you're busy and to give him he benefit of the doubt, it did appear as though he was possibly the only server/bartender for the entire restaurant...However, if that's the case then you should communicate that to your tables and also awful planning on management's side....Once we finally got drinks and gave our order, it had been about 40 minutes. We ordered appetizers and entrees. The appetizers were the only thing that came out timely. Out of 4 people, only one entree came out in a timely fashion. We all waited another half an hour, not even spoken to by our waiter. When the hostess came out, we asked her to check on her food and someone brought out one more entree and the sushi was warm, as if it had been sitting on the counter for a while. It was another 20 minutes before my boyfriend asked to speak with the manager who didn't care about our complains and tried to refute our claims. He offered no explanation about the slow and rude service of his staff and tried to have them bring out our food as soon as we complained. I understand being busy but the service was negligent and uninformative. If you are having problems, communicate with your customers....We ended up paying for the drinks and appetizers, but they gave us an attitude about not wanting to pay for the warm food that we received and didn't eat....The waiter was frustrated with us when we were still dissatisfied and then said, "I'll pay for your food that you don't wanna pay for and just don't tip me and that'll hopefully make it better." Overall, just a really terrible night out while we were entertaining friends. We chose this place because it had a 4 star review and I can't imagine how or why.I am not a sushi fan, but I had an absolute blast at Zama!
-We ordered a large variety of dishes, both vegetarian and non-vegetarian! The vegetarian rolls were fantastic!
-The best way to go about it is Tapas style and order a whole bunch of dishes and come with a group!
-The Saki was fantastic, a great compliment to the exceptional food!
-The dessert was incredible but they are small so order a few. The crem brûlée was fantastic as was the cheesecake!
-I'd definitely recommend Zama for a night out in the city with a group of friends!How was it possible that i've never been here before?!? I'm sorry Mr. Morimoto, this place has you beat in my opinion.  I mean no disrespect but they just have more to offer.  Chef Zama brings out all the flavors of the ingredients in his dishes.  I knew walking in this place spot seems familiar. Thanks fellow yelper, Michelle,  for reminding us it used to be Loie (I miss thee).  For drinks we had the kumquat cocktail (it was delicious, i've never had kumquat in a mixed drink before and this was a nice treat), the warm sake for the night was delightful, next was the sweet potato sho chu on the rocks (can't go wrong with this one), and last was the warm hazelnut sake.  This sake is awesome.  I am going to find this and enjoy at home if i can.  In fact the entire flavored warm sake list looking amazing.  I would definitely come back here just for some sake!  
Now for the food.  We started with the edamame and sampler of salts.  Our favorite was the wasabi salt.  I suggest you keep it aside throughout your meal.  It's a great palate cleanser in between dishes.  The bf opted for the chef tasting menu at 55$.  It was enough for if your not extremely hungry.  His dishes for the night included: Chawan Mushi
Egg, Hamachi Tataki, Black Cod Dice, a hand roll (can't remember what kind, but he loved it), a salad dish with fish, and dessert. I might have missed another dish but everything that was served for this tasting menu was just great.  No complaints! His dessert included green tea mochi.
I ordered the Japanese Crudo--it was fun to do your part before eating this.  The best thing i ate for the night was the Vetri roll.  I don't ever order unagi (eel) but this was an exception.  The daikon wrapper adds great flavor to the roll.  The uni sauce is to die for, i wish there was more on my plate.  I also ordered a couple sashimi pieces including, bronzino, king yellowtail, octopus, and snapper.  I could have done without the octopus, it was a bit tough.  The spider roll was quite tasty.  The yuzu creme brulee was nice dessert that definitely cleanses your palate.  
Be cautious: you will want to try a lot of items, you will end up sharing things to let the other person taste the awesomeness, and lastly your bill can easily add up so plan on stashing some cash before coming here.  
I can't wait to come here again!Personally, I don't think sushi gets much better in the Philadelphia area.  Zama has the uncanny ability to make excellent traditional rolls as well as some truly wonderful, cutting-edge sushi.
Dinner started for us with the fried brussels sprouts, which had such an amazing crunch to them.  We also grabbed the seared salmon with bok choy; this was not my favorite dish of the meal, but it was still a great piece of fish.  For sushi, we ordered the negi toro (tuna belly) and the surfer roll (yellowtail with jalapeno, tuna sashimi, and avocado).  The highlight of the meal for me, though, was the salmon with dried fig roll.  The roll was breathtaking and the sweet/salty combination from the soy sauce really made it sing.
I also want to say that our waitress did a phenomenal job tonight.  I told her about my food allergies and she was extremely conscientious.  She made sure to talk to the chef about my issues and they tailored a few of the dishes to fit my needs.  She was very attentive during our meal and was a great resource when we asked her about several of the menu items.
If I had to complain about anything here, I would say that the menu does seem to gloss over some ingredients.  I was surprised to find out the one dish I wanted had butter in it and that the other dish was tempura-battered, even though there was no mention of this in writing.  This made me glad that I had mentioned my dietary restrictions to the waitress because she was able to alert me of these problems.    
In short, I will gladly return to Zama in the future.  The food here is excellent and the wait staff is incredible.  I would recommend asking about dish ingredients if you suffer from food allergies like me; your wait person will happily assist you and guide you through the menu.probably one of the better of the japanese restaurants in philly...(slim pickings people)...but overpriced. the desserts are really good. favorite is the banana chocolate bombe. house made tofu is a little bit of a joke for $9. it's just soft tofu tasting stuff with some mushroom sauce. $6 of the 9 bux you pay for the dish is probably because it gets "cooked at the table" with a little candle underneath. just save yourself the money and don't order it. pork tonkatsu is also decent, but nothing close to what you can get in ny for half the price. philly is missing a solid izakaya type establishment - and no, i don't think stephen starr or jose garces are good candidates.I've been to Zama multiple times (mostly for lunch) and always thought the food was good. Then I went to dinner with a couple of my girlfriends two weeks ago and two of us got sick from the sushi. The only reason we know it's the sushi is because the 3rd person didn't eat it. Zama used to be on my go-to list for sushi in Philly but if I go again, I will only be ordering hot dishes.While staying in Philly last week, a friend recommended that my mother and I make reservations for this sushi bar, and we did. Our waitress was very nice and SO helpful and the food was the best I've ever had. Our Wasabi Lobster Roll was by far the best, (I'm not a big fan of anything really out there or of the fishy taste/ texture so I tend to stay more towards lobster and crab) surprisingly not spicy if you take off the small jalapeno pepper on top, despite having wasabi in the name, and after eating that I don't think I could ever go back to eating my plain old California Rolls.Went here for lunch with a group of co-workers.  Had the spicy veggie roll and avocado roll.  Very good and very fresh.  Their lunch prices and portions are very reasonable!  The only thing not giving this 5 stars was our server; he was nice but not very attentive and our food came out at different times. Several of us had to wait until we were all served to begin eating.  Other than that, definitely a great sushi spot!Incredible, delicious, very accommodating.  Entrees and sushi much better than appears in photos.This was my second time to Zama and my husband's first (for his birthday). The food is impeccable- natural flavors presented in tantalizing combinations with an artist's flair for beautiful presentation!! Lisa was our server (REQUEST HER) and was perfect! Sweet but knowledgeable about all of the items & preparations while also attending to anything we needed promptly. This is for sure, the BEST, most impressive sushi in Philly. If you really want to impress someone who likes sushi, bring them to Chef Zama & he will knock their socks off!!! Clean, attractive decor and no "scene" so if you are loud and obnoxious, please don't ruin it for the foodies!! We can't wait to come again :) Yum!!!I was truly a regular at Zama. Absolutely the best Sushi and the most wonderful wait staff and bartenders. 
So....you are wondering why just two stars??? 
The general manager Brian there is just an idiot with no judgement to retain customers.
He often looks like a fish out of water and I have never seen him help the staff when the place is packed.
Not sure what his credentials are but I'm guessing McDonalds.This place is clearly for those who really love sushi. A little bit pricey but everything is delicious and fresh. Took my husband here for his birthday (he is a sushi conesseuir I just prefer a simple California roll). They have two separate kitchens. One for hot food and one for cold. I had the chicken skewer bites and their sauce was amazing. My husband had a wide variert od sushi and loved everything. The ambience ia great and casual but elegant and modern. Definitely a recommended spot but bc of the price I will not go often. I gave it four stars only bc I told them during the reservation that it was my husbands bday and they said they would give a candle in our dessert but did not and also bc of the price. Otherwise food and ambience great and waiters knowledgeable.Come here for melt-in-your mouth sushi! Extremely fresh and tasty. I was surprised to find that the non-fancy rolls are cheap--I mean $6 cheap! That's a better price than those in mediocre establishments like Mizu and Vics, and the fish is of a much higher grade to boot! I'm no longer dining at other sushi restaurants knowing that Zama's fish are so much better.Excellent sushi.  Best in Philadelphia.  The fish was so delicious and fresh.  Nice atmosphere!At the end of my meal I took time to announce - "Where is Subway? I'm starving!" Man, this place leaves you wanting more. More food and better service. 1 star for zama and 4 stars go to the grilled chicken footlong I scarfed down after this meal.FISH CANDY.
If that choice of words doesn't induce your gag reflex, but just the opposite - makes you salivate at the thought of clean, tender, succulent, beautifully fresh sushi - then you're an aficionado. And Zama is where you should be.
I took my brother, fellow sushi lover, here for lunch - he's one of the newly coverted, I'd say; I'd recommend the sushi and sashimi chef's selection lunch for a sampling of Zama's offerings. The details are all right, down to the ginger, and the mysteriously tasty salad dressing. Soothingly toned-down lighting and minimalist pale wood dominated decor complete the ideal experience. Appropriately priced for food this good on Rittenhouse. Mmmmm, like fish... candy.I went here with my boyfriend for dinner as a recommendation from my boss who had worked with the chef/owner previously when he was at pod. The Sushi was awesome!! So fresh tasting. For dessert i had the tour of japan, it was huge and perfect for sharing. I really enjoyed the lychee fiz cocktail i had and the service was great too. The only complaint i had was that i walked by the place 2 times because the outdoor sign was not visible enough. Definitely a place to check out.Finally, after many months of waiting (not on purpose mind you) I was able to make my way to Zama.  I've tried a few sushi restaurants around the area and this one seems to be a cut above both on service, design and of course, food preparation.
I really like the interior of the restaurant.  The main dining area has wooden slats surrounding it which made me think of bamboo.  I basically imagined a giant sushi rolling mat (with more space between the slats) surrounding the area.  It's a really cool detail and for me, reinforced that I was in a Japanese restaurant.
We started with the fried brussel sprouts and the seared salmon.  I thoroughly enjoyed both of these and the flavors popped and the plating was awesome.  Each dish that came out looked like art here which of course made me want to eat it quicker.  Their presentation is excellent.
Our meal consisted of the surfer roll, the negi toro scallion and the salmon and fig roll.  The surfer roll had a ton of fresh flavors and was a hefty roll which helped provide the substance of my meal.  The negi toro was fatty and delicious and the salmon fig was on the sweeter side so it paired very well with a dash of wasabi and a quick swipe through soy sauce.  Finally, my piece of Hawaiian yellowtail was cut perfectly so it basically didn't require chewing.
Our waitress was particularly helpful in guiding us through the menu to avoid those items containing dairy.  Not only was she knowledgeable but was also able to offer modifications to one or two items to suit our tastes.  This meal was very enjoyable and definitely one of the better if not best sushi places I've been to in Philly.Great sushi place. The tuna was delicious. The calamari salad and cod were also yummy. I went with a group of six and had a good time. 
Loved the ambiance and wooden booths. 
The waitress was slow, unaware and unfriendly. The one-star off is for the wait staff who rarely checked on table and barely welcomed the new guests (my friend's mother and aunt) that arrived to our table & took forever to get the bill despite the fact that they weren't busy.As a Japanese girl who grew up in Hawaii, I know good sushi. This place is unreal. Try the spicy crunch roll and hibachi scallops. you won't be disappointed!Went to Zama last night with my family for restaurant week, and it was one of the best restaurant week meals that I've had. I had the house salad, vegetable tempura, maki combo (spicy tuna, yellowtail, and salmon rolls), and for dessert the black sesame mochi and pumpkin bread pudding. Everything was excellent and went above my expectations, and the presentation was beautiful. Additionally, our waiter was great and our food came out at a normal pace (unlike other reviewers have mentioned). I was very pleased and will definitely be back!We had dinner there last night and truly enjoyed our meal.  Our waitress was informative and not overbearing.  We ate an earlier dinner so we didnt experience the noise issue that other reviews have mentioned.  The spicy tuna, a standard for any sushi restaurant, was one of the better I have ever had and my wife said the same about the california roll.  The specialty roll we ordered shak'e maki was good and the mango, yellowtail, jalapeno was a good combination of flavors.  We will be back.My wife and I both love sushi and this place opened our eyes to what quality ingredients and creativity can do with it.  We loved everything we ordered.  Some of the highlights were the flash fried peppers and shallots as an appetizer.  I never expected something that sounded so simple to be so delicious.  This came out at the same time as the short ribs and the spiciness of the peppers complimented the sweetness of the ribs perfectly.  
My favorite plate was the snapper that came out with a salt block. you placed the fish on for the desired amount of time.  There was an assortment of other items to season the snapper with such as olive oil and mint.  The server (or possibly manager) who brought it out gave perfect instructions on the options for seasoning along with his preferred method.  Such a simple dish but each bite of fish was amazing.   I had several Orion's (Japanese Rice lagers) that they add a little yuzu juice to and they went great withe the sushi.
Our waitress was attentive but what made the meal was several employee who might have been managers (they wore suits)  brought our dishes out and did a fantastic job of explaining each one.  They dropped in several times when our waitress who was obviously busy was not able to.  That is great service especially for a busy Saturday night!
We made reservations using Open Table and had to call in about 2 hours ahead of time to see if they could push the time back which they did.
It wasn't a cheap meal but it was special and totally worth it.Be warned. I just called them to order pick-up. Their response: we cut it off for the evening, might re-open it later. Might re-open it later? Ridiculous. Have never heard of cutting off pick-up.... It's over 2 hours until they close. I'm mystified.4 stars for the food... 3.5 for the service.
Beautiful, from the design of the restaurant to the presentation of the food and innovative combinations of ingredients and flavors. I was drawn to Zama because of chef inspired specialty rolls. Zama collaborated with local celebrity chefs to come up with extremely unique sushi with a portion of the profits going to charity. The one that caught my eye was Vetri roll because I basically love anything that incorporates uni (sea urchin). Tell me this doesn't sound amazing : crunchy eel roll with scallions and shiso wrapped in daikon drizzled with a truffle eel sauce and topped with cucumber noodles tossed in sweet uni sauce, served with uni sauce that is bruleed on the plate.  We also ordered the Zahav and I can't say I've ever had falafels with my sushi; it was quite interesting.  Salmon skin salad is also a dish I thoroughly enjoyed. 
(on a side note)
Disappointment: the fact that the cucumber noodles on our Vetri roll was lacking any uni sauce. I asked my friend to make sure I wasn't delirious and she also confirmed there was no sauce on it. So when I asked the server about it, she pointed out the uni brulee sauce on the plate. When I redirected her to my original question about the lack of the sauce on the cucumbers, she told me it was there and that I just can't taste it... Really? That's your answer to a customer? She did apologize and brought me a small bowl of the sauce, but after she made me feel like I had no taste buds.Good to very good sushi restaurant in Rittenhouse Square.  I'm open to revisiting the following review, since I have a feeling it may have been an "off" night as some of the core foundations were solid.  That said, comparing Zama to Morimoto is laughable.  I have no idea how Craig LaBan gave this restaurant three bells (same as Mori).
I sat at the sushi bar and immediately noticed that this is a casual/hip restaurant.  The place was crowded and loud, more so in an energetic than distracting way.
The fish here is pre-cut, which is a sure sign of a tier II sushi restaurant.  They're trying to move along service versus executing the ideal fish experience..
The sushi chefs were very pleasant, although my waiter was laughably confused.  One gets somewhat of a chaotic vibe from the place.  No one refilled my drink.  The waiter waited about two years to ask if I'd like refill, and there was no cleaning of place setting, etc.
Zama, himself, was too busy for omakase, so I opted for some premium options from the menu.  I'll try omakase next time.
1) Edamame with three salts -- interesting take on edamame.  The wasabi salt, I'm embarrassed to say, was my favorite!
2) California salad with dressing on the side and no snow crab - I received a california salad (arugula lettuce, fresh avocado, some daikon) with dressing mixed in. I asked them to take it back and bring it with dressing on the side.  They brought it back with dressing on the side, but this time with snow crab.  I gave up
3) Sashimi course (black-belt, i.e. premium) -- I special requested that this be served separate from the sushi course, due to rice temperatures.  This was the highlight of the meal, with the salmon belly being standout.  It melted in my mouth.  The other pieces were good, although not outstanding
4) Nigiri course (black-belt) -- this was nine pieces of premium nigiri plus a hamachi-scallion roll.  i was a little off put that there one piece of toro, but no unagi, uni, ikura, or other pieces of fish that could have been fun.  The hamachi scallion roll was odd compared to the usual toro scallion that I assume for "premium" chef's choices
Accompaniments of wasabi and ginger were very good, in fact, the wasabi mixture they use is fresh and quite enjoyable in terms of consistency.
I'll give this restaurant another shot, since there is a lot of potential for a more casual, fun sushi experience.I would give Zama 4 stars for the food and freshness of the fish but only 2 stars for their service. The restaurant is very trendy, great place to have really good sushi. The menu is basic and relies on the taste of really good fresh ingredients, quite unlike most Americanized Japanese restaurants which may over-flavor  to cover up the taste of the fish. The rice (just as important as fish) is made really well, not too soft, and they don't use too much. I was quite pleased with the food. 
Can't say the same for the waitstaff. For a restaurant with such a nice ambiance and good food, the waitstaff did not live up to it at all. They don't know about the fish other than the names, couldn't tell you where it is from or explain how it tastes, if the fish was cured or not, whether it is a special recipe or curing by the chef, etc. It doesn't seem like they appreciate or understand the quality of the food enough to be able to convey that to customers. We sat at the bar, so we got a chance to talk to Zama-san and Kevin and they were able to tell us about the fish while the waitstaff kept running into the kitchen to find answers. 
All in all, we liked the place but would only sit at the sushi bar. I still love Kingyo and that is still my comfortable low-key Japanese restaurant I continue to regular. Zama will be on my list as a trendy place for entertaining or a change.Great sushi restaurant.  Clean, good atmosphere.  Quick service during lunch time.  Fresh food and friendly service.ABSOLUTELY AWFUL FROM START TO FINISH.
Do not, I repeat, do not go to Zama if you have any food allergies, especially gluten.
They are extremely unaccommodating and even say that there is no such thing as cross contamination when it comes to cooking with gluten.
And don't even attempt to complain or provide feedback because they do not want to hear it - in fact, they will actually hang up the phone on you!!
Complete and total disgrace.Seriously one of the best sushi places I have been to in a long long time. 
You have to try the flattened tuna with truffles, I would post a picture but we ate it way too fast! 
The miso soup has little mushrooms in it and it is a great touch! Always coming back when in Philadelphia! 
Our server Peter gave us excellent service explained all the food and brought us the dish of the night (flattened tuna) as a recommendation. He explained the specialty rolls and spent as much time as we needed to make the right dinner choices for our taste preferences. He made our experience the best it could be!The wasabi tuna roll ($17) is definitely the best maki roll I've ever had.  I've had it a few times over the past 2 years, and its flavors are consistently more subtle and exciting than any other maki roll I've had (and I'm a sushi fan).  The bronzizzle roll is also good. 
Maybe 4.5 stars; the discount is due to the pricing and service.   Though the pricing is to be expected when the location is factored in.  I've been here a few times over the past 2 years, and most of the maki rolls are pretty good.  Service has always been borderline rude.  Every time I've visited, it has been with a business dinner (so people dressed well and prepared to spend), but we were often treated like hoodlums.  For example, when we were taking our time (maybe 5 minutes) to order $300 of sushi, the waitress expressed her frustration with a "Do you know what you're doing yet?".  Nothing she did was clearly rude, but it didn't feel very classy either.  It's a shame since this place would be a really classy sushi joint if the service were stepped up a bit.  
Works for groups (with a backbone) if a reservation is had.I took my friend here for her birthday on Tuesday night. The food was phenomenal. And our server was friendly and knowledgeable but the hostess failed to mention to our server that it was my friend's birthday so our server didn't put a candle in our dessert. He promptly brought out another dessert with a candle in it once I mentioned it but it kinda ruined the night. It was even more frustrating because when the hostess called the day before to confirm the reservation, I was promised a candle would be placed in the dessert. Love the food, but I'm not sure if I'll be back.They have really great sushi. My boyfriend and I had our first date here. Their waiter / waitress are super nice and makes u feel been treated special. Every Sushi is delicious!! They have exquisite presentation!!. Make sure u try the desserts too !!Great sushi! Cool atmosphere! 
The house salad is big enough to share and their ginger vinaigrette dressing is top notch!
The sushi chefs are the real deal and their fish is super fresh! Loved it all including the King Yellowtail! We did not stray beyond simply sushi!
We will be back for sure! Thanks again to YELP for making our get-a-way to Philly very worthwhile on the culinary front! Love YELP!!Good, but not great Japanese.  Ideal location right off Rittenhouse.  
A creative menu but the dishes don't quite live up to the quality one would expect from the intricate descriptions and the price points.  Also the sake drink sizes are way too small for my liking.
I did enjoy most of the food and will likely return.This place is no different from any other sushi restaurants. The sushi was ok, not impressive. Definitely overpriced.Zama is one of those restaurants that borders on the edge of upscale and casual. While the decor (wood panels and clean feel) make the ambiance feel higher end, the space and table lay out take away from the prestige its going for. We came for an early 5:30 reservation and was pleasantly surprised with the incredibly fast service - definitely a plus. 
For appetizers, we had the edamame with wasabi salt which was lacking the flavor and "umph" we were expecting. For our main course we ordered three rolls of sushi, but only the SCS roll was noteworthy. Both the dragon roll and Spider roll were average at best. To be noted however, is that the presentation of all the dishes were great, with it being clear that a lot of time and effort went into crafting everything we ate. 
Dessert was probably the highlight. We choose to go with the Mochi, apple crisp and the chocolate cake. All were delicious, but the favorite was the apple crisp.
Overall, the feel and atmosphere of Zama is not one that particularly stands out to me, but the food was decent and I'd come back to try more of the specialty sushi rolls. I wish it were cheaper though, because the price definitely doesn't reflect the quality of this place.This definitely deserves more stars. Tuna with truffle top dish- wow. Basic shrimp tempura roll- better than the averagebear? Miso- yes Brussels sprouts YES hand rolls salads YES YES YES 
The ambiance is welcoming clean and fresh all the way down to the plates. Our waiter Pete made this visit so easy guiding Us wisely. I love this place. Everything was amazing. 
See yah soon, Zama.Best sushi place in Philly so far, other than morimoto. Fresh fish with just adequate portion of sushi rice. Great flavor profile of appetizers , bites and entrees as well. Will definitely be back for more in the near future!The hostess is not pleasant and we were treated like second class citizens. Shoved in the back with a very snarky look when we asked for a new table! #mean #notcomingbackZama is a well decorated Japanese restaurant  conveniently located in. center City. The inside of the restaurant is small but they overwhelmingly use the space well and well. The lines are clean and the seating is warm and inviting. When we arrived we were quickly shown to our seats. The menu is large featuring appetizers, tasting plates, entrees, and a wide array of sushi bar options. 
We started our meal with the seaweed salad and the salmon skin salad. Each salad was loaded with Asian flavors like sesame and ginger. The salmon skin was representative of the same texture that bacon would add with that bite that only salmon skin could provide. Both salads were very tasty. Next we had the hibachi scallops. This small plate paired scallops alongside cherry tomatoes and red onions in a wonderful Asian drizzle. The scallops were perfectly seared with a soft center and the drizzle complemented the components well. 
For our main course we sampled four different sushi rolls including the surfer roll, the crab and shrimp fiesta roll, the black spider roll, and the dragon roll. All four rolls were fantastically prepared and it is difficult to highlight any one that shined above the rest. Overall the fish was stunningly fresh and that is obviously the most important component of quite sushi.The surfer was fantastic due to the change in texture from the crunchy topping and the heat from the avocado salsa. The crab and shrimp fiesta was really flavorful and the soy wrappers were different than I was used to. The row atop of the black spider simply took the entire roll to another level. Although a dragon roll is common, this one was uncommon in the fact that all of the ingredients were so fresh. 
Overall our experience at Zama was great. There was a hiccup with our initial sushi orders and it was quickly remedied but the house. From the environment to the components of the food everything was fantastic. Would without question recommend especially in the very crowded sushi scene in Philadelphia.I came here for lunch today and ordered the fried chicken bento box with a spicy tuna roll.  The box itself was really cool. The fried chicken was tasty but it came with a weird cabbage slaw and would have been a lot more enjoyable with white rice. The sushi roll was OK but not great. The roll itself was really loose and kept coming apart. There was very little spicy sauce, so it lacked flavor and spice. There is much better sushi in Center City. 
The ambience, decor and service were topnotch. I really enjoyed the atmosphere. While the food was just OK, and a bit overpriced, I would go back for the cool upscale experience.The food at this restaurant is undoubtedly high quality. However, the front of the house,(presumably the manager) needs to learn how to not behave in a rude way to his customers. After already hearing about attitude problems with other friends in the past, I couldn't really believe it when the person working at the immediately spoke in a condescending way as we walked in.I thought this place was great but the more and more I ate here I realized there is really only a few selections that I enjoyed and started to become a little bored with the selection. Sashimi pieces are small. 
Portions - small
Waiter Service - good when not busy, average when moderately busy and a tad below average when busy.
Decor - very nice
Vibe - can be pretentious at times 
The wait time for them to prepare your food can be long at times. They are not always fast.
Zama is overpriced for what you get in terms of originality, taste and portion, this becomes obvious after you have eaten at other sushi places downtown (kidari, Vic, crazy).PSA: You will gain 10lbs in one sitting from this place.
PSA: It's worth it.
Every bite i took I found myself saying "this place is awesome" and it truly is.
We had reservations for 7:30 on V day and were seated right away. It's not the biggest restaurant in fact it's a bit tight, but its tolerable. -- When seated we were immediately greeted by our waiter, Jonas. A really great waiter I must say. Attentive and helpful with the menu. Any questions we had he had the answers. 
I ordered the cucumber saketini and my husband had a sapporo. My drink was very enjoyable, so fresh. I ended up ordering the sapporo after my cocktail too which was also good. My husband was raving about how good the Rock Shrimp was so we ordered that as our starter. Way better then 'Bang Bang Shrimp' from Bonefish Grill which I now feel is pretty rinky dinky compared to this. We went on to our second starter which was the sushi bar Sashimi sampler. This was by far my favorite item we ordered. So flavorful and well worth the price! For our main entree we shared three rolls, Yellowtail Jalapeño Mango Roll, Philadelphia Roll, and a California Roll. All were great, and had large pieces of seafood. We finished our drinks and had a second wind for one more roll so we ordered the Bronzizzle, a cucumber & avocado inside out roll and also hella good! Presentation on all rolls were excellent. 
Nothing about this meal was flat at all. A bit pricey, but it's the price you pay for great sushi!Food= fantastic
Service= craptastic
I have been to Zama about 10 times over the course of its' life. My best experiences were early on, and recently I had two bad experiences in a row. And it wasn't the food that was bad. Their servers have attitude, give pushback if you question them, and are downright rude when you ask for something specific.
I have severe food allergies. I would like my server to write my allergies down because I have so many of them. Don't tell me you're sure you have it, because if you don't, I have to go to the hospital. The word "snotty" is how I would describe our server. After the second visit being this way, I asked for the manager. I told her that this server's attitude will make me never come back to Zama. Her reply indicated that she didn't seem to care at all about this. She did not do anything to try to retain us as customers. I was shocked that the bill came and every last thing was on there because at the very least, show me that you care even the littlest bit and comp a drink- show me you care about me as your customer. But the truth is that they don't.
I overheard a coworker talking this week about a bad experience at a sushi restaurant the night before, and I asked where. Not at all surprisingly, she said Zama. Apparently my coworker (who also has food allergies, different from mine, but just as severe) had the VERY same attitude given to her by a male waiter. And the manager? Also as uncaring. This tells me what I need to know: Not worth the overpriced meal for what it is. Go to Fat Salmon or Fuji Mountain instead.I came here for a sushi with my husband and friend. Reservations were easy through open table and were were seated promptly when we arrived.
Service was decent and the atmosphere is suited for the young professionals crowd. I ordered the super crunchy tuna, spicy crunchy tuna x2, and the salmon skin roll. Rolls were rather small (6 pieces each). The only roll i really liked was the spicy crunchy tuna, though the others were pretty good. Prices were okay, not as good as my favorite place in Maryland.  Overall, a pretty good place to get sushi when I'm in PA.Went here with my sister and Dad and was seated right away on a busy Saturday night. We got a bunch of sushi, including some specials. It didn't take too long but when we ordered another order to satisfy us a bit more, we were given the small plate special on the house because they said the sushi bar was backed up; we hadn't even noticed that it had been a while! Their sushi was very reasonably priced and very good. They also have a bunch of asian beers which I love so I'd definitely go here again. BTW, if you're going to order the spicy tuna, order it crunchy, it's amazing. Their fish is super fresh too, not fishy taste at all.Highly recommended! I'm new to Philly and have been making an effort to try as many sushi places as possible. Best one so far!The food here was amazing as well as the service. The wait staff is very knowledgeable with all of the items on the menu. They also have a great Saki menu to select from. Zama is definitely at the top of Sushi restaurants in Philly.Cute spot for a casual date. Not intimate as noise level is quite high and the tables very crowded.  Sushi was decent with a twist and the cocktails were above average.Incredible Sushi! I've been to a lot of sushi restaurants all over the county and this one takes the cake. Congrats Zama, the food was delicious. I was very impressed with everything. We orders lots of rolls and the chefs sashimi. 
Our server was very polite and she made some great recommendations. We went there for dinner and I would recommend this place to anyone.Enjoyed the food but not the service!!!! Went with my girlfriends yesterday for lunch to try the restaurant week menu...the server informed us initially which Maki can be a part of the restaurant week menu and which couldn't...hence we ordered the super crispy crunchy tuna and shrimp tempura which were among the list he said we could order...he came back and told us that they are not on the list and will cost extra. Now they both were of same price yet super crispy crunchy was $1 extra whereas shrimp tempura was $3 extra...we asked why that difference when their actual price are same..the server obviously dint know about it. We changed our orders to crunchy tuna (not super). While we enjoyed the taste of food..the server was least bothered to put the cutlery in right place or even serve the desserts to right person. He seemed least interested to serve us..the positive about him was that at the end when the bill arrived we came to know crunchy tuna was also not included in the restaurant week menu and that he took care of it from his pocket. In usual case I would say how sweet of him but after the service he gave us I was like ya whatever coz he did not guide us correct at first place what's included and notincluded. While there were some costs on the top of the menu mentioning extra costs for certain things, we trusted the server and went by his words. Overall the food was good but $20 restaurant week deal..was that really worth it? NO NOT AT All. Their regular lunch specials are around the same cost so you would end up paying same on any other lunch so there was nothing special about the Restaurant week for ZAMA!!I went this place twice for lunch with friends. The interior decor is not bad but I feel that it's bit crowded and packed. It's hard not be distracted if your neighbor customers are too load. 
Food-wise, very average. I had all salmon lunch set and chirashi (all black-belt) and to be honest I am bit disappointed. Totally over-priced compared with their quality. The fish selection are very limited and the sushi roll has no difference with the $6 bucks version in to-go box that I had in school cafeteria. The rice is very loose and hard and the fish is somehow bit sticky. 
But the food is not the worst. The service, is horrible. No one greeted us when we came in with reservation, (BTW they are not busy at all since we are the only customers at that time). Finally after we stand there like idiot for several minutes, a guy at the front desk looks like he'd rather to die than working here take us to a table that next to the kitchen. Our waiter did not even talk to us and gave us a very dirty look when he found out that we tipped over 22% for lunch (since it's the day before Thanksgiving).  
Seriously, even the most humble place in Japan are way more better than this, food-wise and service-wise. If you want authentic Japanese food and service, ZAMA is not a good choice.yeah yeah yeah, it's pricey. but it's very very good. fish quality excellent - very fresh. i was impressed with the wasabi too - doesn't have that overwhelming horseradish burn, but slightly sweet and also very fresh-tasting as well.  everyone was friendly, and great at explaining what they were making.  very patient with us, as our eyes were bigger than our stomachs!
of the rolls we tried, the hamachi tataki was amazing.
if you do go, bring a credit card with a nice high limit and expect to splash out some money. but just enjoy; it's a very nice experience.  and at the prices you're paying, you might as well get dessert too - the yuzu creme brulee was awesome!I really enjoyed my meal at Zama. I ordered the $55 omakase, and I enjoyed every dish but one (the miso egg custard). The sushi was amazing, and the starters we ordered (tempura vegetables and spicy shrimp) were phenomenal. The server we had was excellent and gave great recommendations. I'll definitely be back!Sushi was excellent and not overly loaded with rice (I hate that).  Seaweed salad was different then what I was used to but it was still good. Desserts were to die for - we chose the sampler (3 mini selections/$10).  I also had some lemony after dinner drink (similar to limoncello but not as sweet), also very good.
The place was reasonable and if you're vegetarian, they have a large selection for you too!
I'd return in a minute.If you're looking for high quality sushi, Zama is the place to go. It's one of my favorite sushi restaurants that offers an extensive variety of fish you won't find at your typical sushi restaurant. Everything from sea urchin to your standard salmon.
I've ordered the lower tiered tasting menu and everything was amazing but left hungry. The chirashi is beautifully presented with a unique variety of sashimi. The price is very justifiable given the amount and various types of sashimi.  I felt bad I couldn't finish! My fiance ordered the sushi combination and opted for the black belt. Entirely worth it as the chef picks better cuts of fish and fish from the daily specials.
One impressive thing about Zama is the timeless decor. Whoever did the interior design was very thoughtful in ensuring it did not become outdated. Highly recommend!The dishes are a bit overpriced but the sushi is amazingly fresh! I recommend the chirashi!For starters I'm a little hesitant to try other sushi restaurants in Philadelphia since Raw Sushi and Sake Lounge set the bar so high. Zama is one of the best dining experiences I have ever had. I had made reservations on the Saturday night and had to make some last minute adjustments and they were more than accommodating. 
The Service: 5/5
The waitress we had gave excellent suggestions and was very prompt and helpful. 
The Food: 5/5
I started the evening with the Salmon Skin Salad. The portion was very generous, and the salty crisp salmon skin went well with the greens and it was not drenched in dressing which was great. The dressing on the salad was light and complimented the salmon skin well. 
I ordered the Vetri roll and I enjoyed that the Philadelphia chef inspired rolls gives a portion to charity. EVERYBODY WINS! Anyways, the roll itself had a very satisfying crunch. The uni sauce was absolutely delicious! The cucumber noodles I thought were alright, nothing too exotic about them but it made for great presentation.
The Atmosphere: 5/5
The interior design and architecture of the restaurant I thought was very appropriate and suited the restaurant well. I did think the restaurant was rather smaller so I wouldn't necessarily say it would be a wise selection for larger parties. Acoustically it was great, I could hear my guest and the waitress with ease. 
I really enjoyed my dining experience at Zama. I thought it was excellently priced especially considering the quality of the meal. I would definitely recommend Zama especially if you are hesitant on trying out another sushi establishment in the city.Very good sushi, very nice waitstaff, beautiful restaurant, great dessert. Lost one star because it was extremely expensive; dinner for two was $150 including drinks & tax/tip.Came to Zama on a Friday afternoon for lunch. The decor was nice...light bamboo looking wood and very clean. Got two different rolls and both were very fresh. The cucumber was crunchy;that doesn't happen often. The flavor of the sushi was good. Not the best but decent. It should be better for what they charge at the dinner prices. A glass of sparkling wine was $10. Overall, it was good but the prices at lunch were about the same as Fuji Mountain regular prices and Fuji Mountain is better. If you're looking for an upscale environment then this is for you. Otherwise, save your cash.Overwhelmingly underwhelming. 
Where to start, just about every aspect of this place was just not up to par. The layout of the restaurant itself and atmosphere....not great. The menu - needlessly confusing, poorly designed, hard to read. Our waiter - weird, awkward and clumsy. They have a nice selection of great sake, but entirely overpriced. for 8 bucks and up, you get about a 3 oz serving of sake....needless to say this will add up quite quickly if you enjoy a drink. The food....meh. We ordered the kaiso salad - which was probably about the best thing we had - I will give them credit for that - a nice take on the traditional seaweed salad. The steamed pork dumplings - soggy and waterlogged, completely flavorless. We tried a few of the specialty rolls, overall nothing special....lacking in flavor and imagination, and pricey. Standard rolls, not bad, but nothing great. Strip steak - gristly and too salty. 
Overpriced, not great....not even good. This place is a joke. I've had better sushi, walked away fuller and utterly satisfied from many places for half the price. Regretting not just going to Morimoto and spending a little more (or perhaps the same amount) for something truly fantastic.My boyfriend and I decided to come to zama to celebrate my birthday dinner. We chose the $100 chefs tasting to get a full idea of the food and its quality. We were absolutely shocked at how delicious and fresh each course was. Each course was incredible. Definitely would recommend zama to all of my friends. Our server rob was very attentive and knowledgeable of the menu. Hope to visit again soon to see what other dishes they have to offer. 
Would also recommend sitting at the sushi bar to connect with the sushi chefs. The owner was very nice and informative. You could tell that the staff wants you to enjoy your evening out to the fullest!Checked this place out for a quick work lunch down in philly. The menu looked great and I initially really enjoyed my sushi lunch set (premium). However as i progressed through the meal i found the fish cuts to be inconsistent and given the food was all served at once it was hard to eat through everything before the soup and rice cooled. 
still the price is reasonable, service was fine, and it was easy to get a table during the work week so it has several things going for it.Uh Oh.  For the first time ever sub par service and a big mistake (likely all my fault and I acknowledge this) that I caused.
Long story short?  I will not order chirasi here ever again.  (I got the blackbelt kind).
It had an uni on the top (and I forgot to tell them I don;t eat Uni) and usually features eel.  Luckily I remembered to tell the guy "no eel".
The fish was gorgeously fresh - but there were lots of things I don;t like to eat.
Next time I will just order sashimi and specify the fish types I like.
Server (young male - Chuck??) seemed downright annoyed with me (I was on my phone alot on business related calls over lunch).
Probably a fluke (no pun intended).  I will be back again as I truly love it here.  Next time I'll put the damned phone down.  Sorry.  Apologies.
Oh - and I can't wait to try the new spot on 33rd Street.Zama served one of the best meals I have eaten in a long time. I went with family for a birthday dinner so I wasn't paying, and I'd highly recommend dining on someone else's tab at this restaurant.
I tried: kaiso salad with octopus, house tofu (which is cooked tableside), wasabi truffle escargot, wasabi lobster and wasabi tuna sushi rolls, and the special which was soft shell crab. The appetizers were good but not incredible. The soft shell crab was out of this world delicious. The sushi rolls were good, but they had so much going on in them that you couldn't really appreciate the different ingredients. I don't know if they were worth the $19-$24 a roll. I'd say stick with the simpler rolls and just enjoy the incredible quality of fish. 
Then, the desserts. SAVE ROOM FOR DESSERT. It is rare for a place like this to have dessert that stacks up to the caliber of its dinner, but wow desserts were probably the best part of this meal. The desserts are all small and come three to an order for $12 so you can sample a few. This was a rare occasion where instead of splitting one or two desserts for the table everyone got their own and it was well worth it. My boyfriend and I shared so I was able to try six desserts and in order from good to greatest they were matcha green tea strawberry cake, bitter chocolate mousse with sea salt, tofu beignets, fluffernutter dumplings, black sesame cheesecake, and yuzu creme brulee. We were all full from dinner but the desserts were so good that we finished them off entirely. 
We also shared two bottles of wine, and the total for 5 people (more than enough food but no leftovers) was close to $500. It is definitely a place fit for a celebration. If you're looking for excellent Japanese food and are willing to pay for not just the excellent cuisine but very good service and ambience, I'd check Zama out. And if someone is offering to take you out for your birthday, it's an even better idea.While the fish may be fresh, the service was not. We went this past Saturday evening and while we had a 8:15 reservation, we were not seated until 8:45pm.  Why can't a restaurant that has been around for several months run on time? Why do Philadelphia restaurants that want to be hip think it is cool to make people wait? Don't tell me that you have a "unique opportunity" at the sushi bar (twice!) and think that I am going to not realize the fact that you don't have any tables. Definitely don't blame the customers who are dining - it is your fault! Own up to it, apologize, and offer drinks! 
Onto the food...there were some standouts like the surf and turf roll and the delightfully fresh sushi in the combination platter. And yet, why would the sushi come out at totally different times?  It all comes from the same kitchen...
Overall I wouldn't go back. Too pretentious, poor hostess/manager service, and waaaaaay too expensive (esp for Phialdelphia). If you decide to go, don't sit in the back room. It is painted black and there are bars on the window so it feels like a claustrophobic jail cellWe've been here about five times now. Consistently amazing food. Everything we've ever had is phenomenal. Do yourself a favor and try this place.I came to Zama for the first time a few years ago after it was recommended. It was fantastic, so I've returned every year since then (I'm from NY but visit Philly once or twice a year). 
The most recent trip was a slight disappointment. We had the escargot appetizer, which I loved and would eat again. The sushi & sashimi black belt featured a nice selection, but the quality wasn't what I'd remembered from my last visit there. The hamachi roll was also mostly scallion. 
I would, however, keep returning to Zama for their desserts. They are my favorite part of the restaurant. I've tried the sesame cheesecake, yuzu creme brûlée, tofu beignets, and pumpkin napoleon, and they are all so unique and delicious.The black cod here is probably my favorite thing to eat in Philly and what keeps me going back. The prices are a little high, but you're paying for quality of food and for quality of food preparation.
My Japanese-Italian friend with peanut allergies visited and I took her here. Being Japanese, she's very picky about her sushi restaurants. Being italian, she's very vocal about her likes and dislikes. She loved it. As a bonus, because she has peanut allergies, she asked about how everything was made, and we learned how thorough they are in the kitchen. They even make their own bread for the bread pudding (which was delicious).Well, I just have to say wonderful. Myself & 3 friends ended up here on a fluke and boy am I glad that happened. We we're told by the staff that it may be a while since they were busy, and he was right but when our food did arrive it was simply wonderful. We all shared a bunch of rolls: The Tuna Ca roll, the shrimp & eel roll, the sa'ki, ma'ki roll and the surf & turf roll and it was all very tasty.I would eat here again in a heartbeat.Clean, modern, good service, healthy food.  What else could you want?  Well, maybe lite Asian beer.  I'd like to see Sapporo lite, etc on the drink menu.  Otherwise, highly recommended for a date or meetup with colleagues.I visited Philly and eating at Zama was at the top of my list.  Everyone I know who has eaten here has loved the experience.  The food, service and ambiance exceeded my expectations.  I look forward to my next visit.Went in for lunch during the week and got the Maki Combination.  Each roll went together with each other nicely - I can't remember saying that about a sushi place before.  I don't like yellowtail that much and it was very good with the jalapeño.Sorry, Morimoto, but Zama has the best sushi in Philadelphia. Three friends and I ate at Zama the other night and all four of us were very impressed. From the sea bass tempura to the selection of rolls we ordered, the flavors were great. The California roll, which has no rice, instead wrapping tuna around real crab, and the bronzizzle, which uses branzino, yuzu, and hot sesame oil, were my favorites. The surf-and-turf (shrimp tempura wrapped in torched kobe beef) drew additional raves from others.
Perhaps the most shocking thing was the final bill: 2 appetizers, 5 special house rolls, a dessert, and 2 bottles of wine for less than $60/person. 
I can't wait to try the chirashi for lunch today.This is a fantastic Japanese restaurant and sushi bar right off of Rittenhouse Square.  It has a casual yet intimate feel (high-walled booths) and the servers have the perfect combination of spunky and sweet.  My parents and I enjoyed the edamame sampler (wasabi salt! yuzu salt!), tempura veggies and spicy tempura halibut.  The tempura was great, not too breaded or greasy!  We shared the sashimi and sushi sampler, which, with the three appetizers, was plenty for the three of us.  Definitely a solid sushi place and reasonably priced - I'd definitely come back!BRUH. We spent over $100 on dinner here, and this is what they sent us as the "tempura vegetables" for $11!!!!! This is absurd. The dumplings were over cooked, and the cucumber in the sushi wasn't cut properly. Is there any good sushi in this town?The sushi chefs at Zama seem to understand that roll creativity does not mean sacrificing flavor. They understand that it's not optimal to load a roll with mango, coconut, soybeans, eight types of fish, uni and some roe for it to be sufficiently interesting. 
Unlike most spicy tuna rolls that offer an all too generous dose of Kewpie blended with Japanese red-spice blend, the Double Spicy Tuna Roll at Numa let the acidity of the red tuna melt with the creaminess of the white tuna and avocado, expertly spiced by chili oil. A few bites into this roll, and your mouth might be craving a fire extinguisher save for the balancing sweetness of the eel sauce. 
Zama receives a full five stars because although the restaurant does not standardly offer regular soy sauce (HEY YOU WHITE PEOPLE, GUESS WHAT? LOW SODIUM SOY SAUCE IS LIGHTLY FLAVORED...THIS MEANS YOU'RE NOT SUPPOSED TO DOUSE YOUR ROLL IN THE STUFF. AND I'LL BET IF YOU USED SOY SAUCE PROPERLY YOU WOULDN'T MAKE THE REST OF US SUFFER BY FORCING RESTAURANTS TO ONLY SERVE THE LOW-SODIUM LOW FLAVOR CRAP.), the waitress kindly brought over a mini dish of her personal regular soy sauce. Many thanks.The food is very good and the ambiance is great, but my orders are continuously messed up and it's just not consistent, so I have to go with a 3. Sorry, Zama!Best sushi in Philly! I've been to many amazing sushi restaurants and Zama is by far the most impressive. Service is always great, and the food even better. I recently brought my boyfriend who was equally as impressed. Our favorite rolls are the spicy super crunchy tuna and salmon, surfer roll, and bronzizzle. The fried brussel sprouts are also a must!
I LOVE THIS PLACE! I recommend it to anyone who knows good sushi!Service was horrible and slow there was no one else in the restaurant , servers all stood by the kitchen and hung out.... which was by our table and were very loud , just socializing . I guess that was more of a priority. The food was not great, just average, I have had much better sushi.I got a few recommendations to try Zama recently, so I went finally and enjoyed it very much.  The service was a little slow (for sushi), but still, with the help of my waitress Roxanne, they were able to customize sushi rolls for this gluten-free gal more than any other place I've been to.  Very very cool.  Oh, and heads-up - Roxanne let me know that all of the specialty rolls that usually have fun sauces that are not GF will soon be available for GF'ers!  Redics!  I love it!  They have gluten-free soy sauce, so just ask for it.
For starters, the cocktails are darn good.  I had the lychee fizz, which was a delicious take on sparkling wine (cava) with a kick (peach bitters).  From the starters menu, the hibachi scallops came with two large scallops and a nice cherry tomato/onion salad.  This was pricey for what we got (two scallops, $12), but quite good.  The edamame sampler was fun for the sake of trying some flavored salts (but nothing too special to make it cost $10).  Wasabi salt was the most remarkable - it had a real kick!  We also tried yuzu and green tea variations.
On to the maki rolls...all of which seemed reasonably priced (more so than the starters).  There were some specials on the menu that sounded interesting, but I wanted to taste sushi.  I tried four rolls - the spicy tuna, salmon/avocado, yellowtail/mango/jalapeno, and the bagel roll (lol) - aka Philadelphia roll.  All were very good - nice-sized rolls, six pieces per roll, with fresh fish.  The yellowtail/mango/jalapeno was cool - would definitely get that again!
When I go back, I would definitely like to try some of the prepared entrees...they look better than your average chicken teriyaki-type dish!  Two thumbs up for ambiance - there is cool wood paneling on the walls and the booths are cool.  There is a private room in the back - perhaps for larger parties?This used to be my favorite sushi in all of Philly. The rolls, while slightly overpriced, are excellent and the service used to be fantastic. However, I've tried to order takeout for the past 2 weeks and each time I call, they  tell me "sorry, we are not doing take out today". Well now you just lost a customer and a $50-$60 takeout order each time. Some of us work and don't have time to come sit down and enjoy a nice long dinner, unfortunately. Thankfully, Raw always has takeout available. Even on New Year's Eve. Goodbye Zama, it was nice knowing you.The sushi rolls here are quite pretty to look at it, but the flavors don't match up to the appearance.
I enjoyed my meal here, but for the price, I can get sushi that's just as good, if not better, elsewhere, and for less money.I'm changing my original 4 star rating to 5.  We are at the end of our long weekend trip in Philly and after eating out every meal, this restaurant was our favorite. 
Original post:
We had dinner with our kids. Overall a fantastic place.  Service was great!  The meat dishes from the kitchen were wonderful.  Oh the mini trio desserts were SO delicious.  It's hard to choose our favorite bc we got to try almost all of them.  The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is that the sushi was ok, not great.  
We would definitely go back.  Our kids want to go back tomorrow!WOW! Finally made it to ZAMA! a friend has been telling me about it for the past few months and it did not disappoint! BY FAR the best miso i have ever had...also had a piece each of salt water eel(one of my sushi favs). It was reaaly good! actually some of the tastiest i have had. Salmon Roe, Flying fish roe-both really tasty, and branzino.
the two rolls i had were the yellowtail w/ jalapeno and mango! GET IT! and the salmon avocado roll. The salmon was so soft and fresh! Even the soy sauce here is top notch! The only reason i did not give it 5 stars is because i need to be swept off my feet to give a full 5, but Zama is as good as it gets!
I am excited because i am going to Morimoto tomorrow night for the first time in a few years(i moved away for a minute)! so i am excited to put these two places side by side! Keep you all posted! Happy eating!I liked Zama. (It's sushi, and you can never go too wrong there) The sushi was fresh and quite delectable, but the rolls were a little small. For the price we paid, I imagined the rolls would be a little more...hearty, I suppose. When I order rolls that small anywhere else, I pay about half the price. 
My trusty dining companion and I shared a miso soup, salmon sesame roll, tuna and avocado roll and snow crab California roll. We also ordered two beers from the Japanese microbrewery Hitachino Nest, which was a pretty cool find. 
Overall, the ambiance was neat, the food was fresh, our waiter was extremely friendly and accommodating and our food was made pretty quickly. I just wish my mind was slightly more, ya know, blown.One word: DELICIOUS! Highly recommend this place! Their seafood is the freshest I've ever had for a sushi restaurant and everything is so good!The sushi here was unforgettable. I am a sushi lover and came here on my previous and first time trip to Philly from New York ( where I've definitely had some interesting food). The Bibou Roll was UNBELIEVABLE. I found myself sitting and tasting an amazing blend of flavors that I never had before. It was absolutely perfect. The Philly style roll was also something special. I cant see how anyone would give this place anything less than 5 stars.I wavered between 4 and 5 stars, and for now it's 5.  Had the bento bites lunch here.  The first dish was one of the better miso soups I've had.  It had a rich, full body, and came with some fried tofu - a tasty and novel touch.  Next was a plate of edamame; tasty, though nothing special.  Then came the entree -- black cod with salad and a california roll (a $2 upgrade from plain rice as a side).  The black cod was delicious, accompanied by some sauce whose name I forget and perfectly steamed bits of carrots and broccoli.  The california roll was nicely assembled and all the ingredients tasted fresh.  The greens were good, though, again, not remarkable.  Additional nice touches were the noticeably better-than-average wasabi and ginger.  Freshly made on the premises?  Maybe.  A bit pricey for lunch, but not unreasonably so.  I'd come back.