Somehow was able to get a seat at the bar on a Friday night (only because people were leaving the bar and I swiped their seats).  Otherwise, it would have been a good 60-90 minutes for a seat.
I ordered some of their rosemary flatbread for starters, which was delicious.  It came out hot and freshly made.  For dinner, I ordered the Gnocchi.  It came out soft and melted in your mouth. To die for, if you're a fan!!  If you're a pizza fan, I've heard good things about the pizza, but I didn't get a chance to try it.  Definitely a go to place if you can.  It's amazing I didn't come here when I lived in Philadelphia!Excellent. My boyfriend and I had a late-night visit after work the other day, and we ordered the meat/cheese tray and the Stache. Both were awesome (quince jam on the meat tray!!), and the bartender (I believe his name was Ray) makes a mean Old Fashioned. And a super friendly staff, to boot!I've been here twice and loved it both times!
The first time, the boyfriend and I split the polpettini pizza (mini veal meatballs) and the sausage pizza.  Both were very tasty with the perfect amount of cheese/sauce/meat ratio.  Crust was very crispy. 
The second time we went, we shared the simple but delicious margherita pizza, and 2 pasta dishes.  One was parm, ramps, and speck angel hair, and the other was a bacon chorizo gnocchi of sorts.  Both pastas were amazing and I wished the dishes were bigger so I could really stuff my face!
Zavino also has a great draft beer and wine selection.  The servers are friendly and knowledgeable.  The only downside is that the place is very small so on a busy night there is a wait.  The bonus is that they have outdoor seating!  It's a must-try pizza place if you like tasty, thin, and simple pies coupled with good drinks.Excellent pizza and meatballs, and the bar menu is quite good as well.
Fantastic spot to sit outside and people watch.  Save $40 and walk across the street from El Vez.I went with my girlfriends and we ordered the garden, kennett, and the "stache" pizza, as well as the gnocchi, and the avocado salad. I loved the gnocchi and the avocado salad! They were both very delicious. The "stache" was more popular amongst my friends.
The service was very good. Our waitress was very attentive. It was a pleasing time here.Really great little Italian wine bar. We stopped in for a quick bite to eat - it was indeed quick to get food, but not quick to get a table. They are just too popular. However, getting on the wait list isn't a problem and they'll text you when your table is ready. No big deal.
We shared the fettuccine (tasty) and the eggplant parm (some of the best we've ever had). We also ordered a side of rosemary flatbread. The latter tasted good, but reminded me a lot of naan - not the normal texture of flatbread. So while it was good, it didn't mentally fit with what I thought I was ordering. 
Service is fine, though spotty at times when it's super busy. I was super impressed that despite the rush, the manager (owner?) stopped by to say hi and see how things were.
I'd love to go back when the weather is warmer and we can enjoy a more leisurely meal outdoors. Definitely a nice little place!Why hasn't everyone given this place 5 stars. This place is the best pizza of my life get the Joey its incredible. Drinks especially the seasonal Sangrias are always very good. The summer sangria is my  personal favorite. The pizza is big enough to share or small enough to eat by yourself without feeling guilty. The ingredients are fresh and the pizza is not greasy at all. I only wish they had dessert to finalize a perfect meal every time..Packed on a recent Saturday night, my wife and I managed to squeeze into the bar on one stool!  Celine, our bartender was incredible, first making us killer "Graveyard Shift" cocktails, then tipping us when two stools were emptying at the other end of the bar so we could sit comfortably and order more food and wine.  We loved the daily board special of Bresaola, Hot (!) Capicola, and cheeses, and it was more than enough for dinner for 2. The Barbera blend we had was perfect as well. I'm not sure what some of the gripes about service are about in the reviews below but look for Celine at the bar and you'll be glad you did.Very warm ambience, a little noisy, I wasn't to fond of the television in the bar area. Pizza is really good. Nice locationAfter some long hard hours of shopping, my mom and i decided that 1. we were starving and 2. we needed a drink. Thankfully Zavino was right around the corner. 
We walked in and decided to sit at the bar as all the tables were taken in this teeny tiny place. We started with the sangria which I thought was very tasty. I loved the spices they used. Perfect for a fall day. 
For our meal we split the stache pizza and the beet salad. Both were great. The beet salad was obviously with goat cheese and the beets had this sweetness to them that was fantastic. Next was the stache pizza which was awesome. You can really taste the wood oven in the crust which was awesome and i loved the pistachio pesto...perfect touch.Fantastic service and food! We had the ricotta with rosemary naan, the Kennet pizza, and a Caesar salad. The ricotta was our favorite!I will not be back here.  This is the second time I've tried to enjoy an experience here.  
Jon M. and I ordered a beer and cheese.  Beers were half sized, mini beers with the price of a regular beer.  30 minutes later, our two slices of mini cheese arrived for the price of something you would find a Tria. The cheese was good ( a goat/cow mix) but the service was slow, portions were tiny and bartenders were unapologetic.  
Do yourself a favor.... Pass on Zavino.I don't understand anyone who has a problem with this gluten-free dough. The pies which come from Italian market bakery, Taffett's, is a treat for the GF community. Maybe one particular reviewer had a fluke or has no appreciation for how lucky we are to have this option around.Great place to try and would come back again the meat n cheese board is fantastic..n the pizza was about 3 stars, def would recommend it if u love italian food!Okay food for a city restaurant with city prices. A little gimmicky. Service was casual yet professional and friendly. Food did come quickly in spite of it being weekend business. Dessert selection is very sparse. Decent alcohol selection if you're into that sort of thing.  Overall, worth a visit.This place is hard to review for me. 
Pizza: high quality cheese, spinach, perfectly seasoned sausage. Sadly, it was burnt.
Wine: the malbec was awesome, but blend red came out COLD. Not just room temperature cold, it was almost chilled. I don't know what kind of wine bar would serve cold red wine. 
Ambiance: cute, but definitely tight on space. If you're above an average sized person you will definitely not be able to get to your seat; I'm a size 2 and had trouble getting in and out. 
Would be willing to try the place again on a less crowded day.Another good recommendation from a NY coworker who had her rehearsal dinner here.  Seating is a bit cramped but a fun, bustling place.  A good variety of salads, pizza and pasta.  My arugula and pistachio pesto pizza was delish as was my hubby's prosciutto and béchamel pizza.This place has great reviews and a great location so i was very excited about going here for lunch. I found myself disappointed. The waiters weren't very friendly and seemed very bored and distracted The olives at the beginning were extremely salty, and i couldn't eat them and believe me i don't really say that because i LOVE olives. We also ordered the mushroom crostini which was absolutely fabulous although some people in my party didn't enjoy it. It was heavy on the mushrooms which is very important. The bread was crunchy and the juices from the mushrooms had soaked into the bread which made it amazing. For the main course we ordered the Margherita pizza and the stache pizza. I personally didn't enjoy the Margherita as i like a extremely thin crust Margherita. The Margherita  was also burned not good overall. The stache was good but wasn't amazing. It had a lot of greens on top which was great as it added freshness so the pizza wasn't very heavy. The setting was nice and the inside of the restaurant was nicely decorated and the restaurant was in a great location as i said before. Overall ok restaurant, but I was sort of disappointedQuite honestly, I feel the gluten free pizza bases, which are from a famous GF bakery, made the pizza taste like pizza bread.  The base tasted like pizza toppings on the GF frozen bread you get.
The only reason I gave it a 2 is because although the GF bases didn't go well with the pizza, the toppings were clever and flavorful. Their reg pizzas probably taste a lot better than the GF if they make the dough from scratchHad a religious experience here last night. Got the Flatbread with Ricotta & Honey, Gnocchi and The Joey - Pizza. I don't think food will taste the same after that meal. 10/10 banger meal.4 years ago lucked into this quaint place. Visiting Philly for the 4th and lucked into it again. Pizzas were excellent. Everything was excellent. Hope it's not 4 years again.The meat & cheese platter was exceptional, I enjoyed every bite. I would recommend to anyone coming to the area and will try and stop by again if I am every in Philadelphia again. I also had the gnocchi, which was made in house & very yummy. The portion for the pasta was small, which works for me but I wouldn't recommend someone with a healthy appetite get just one dish.
I had a few glasses of a very good merlot & enjoyed the atmosphere. The bartender was very pleasant, funny and attentive to all the customers.Wine + pizza = bliss. 
What a pleasant way to spend my last evening in Philadelphia, drinking wine and sampling a variety of pizzas. We started with anti pasta platter, gnocchi, and a scrapple pasta dish, all very delicious.   Next we sampled five pizzas. Veal meatball pizza and the  margherita pizza were my favs. Finally we finished with a trio of desserts.
What pushed Zavino from a four to a five star experience was the superior customer service. We were a party of 12 which could have been overwhelming for this small venue, but the staff set us up and was personable and helpful all evening without being overbearing. 
Thanks for a wonderful dining experience!My first time here. My friend and I did some shopping on Memorial Day and were walking past and decided to stop in. We grabbed a couple seats at the bar and were prompty greeted. We ordered a bottle of rose and a pizza. The rose retails for around $15 and they charged over $40. Oh well, it was good. The pizza on the other hand was terrific. Looking at the dishes the other dinners were enjoying, I'd say they are at the top of their game. We will definitely stop back the next we are in the neighborhood.AWESOME gluten free pizza. You have the option to make any of their pizza gluten free which is hard to come by in most places. They also have some great appetizers on their menu. 
Keep in mind - no reservations - we got lucky because a group got up and left right when my girlfriends and I walked in. There is usually a wait though.Wow, I am from the city, been here my whole life and I have never felt so unwelcome in a restaurant ever especially by a bartender. We were at the location on 3100 market. Last seating is at 9 and he made sure to remind us more than once ,we got there a little before 9 , he rushed us to order and said the kitchen is closing so we ordered..it was about 9:10. I was just there for a quick bite because my mother is in the hospital and we just wanted to relax have a drink and have some dinner. We had already paid our bill ( over tipped the bartender because we are not creeps) it was a little bit before 10 but we were just sitting there talking and they were a few other people still at the bar but haven't left yet, then the bartender basically said, "they're locking the doors now so you're gonna have to get going". I'm sorry I'm not gonna complain about the food because the food was good but the bartender that was there on February 10 was pretty much the worst person and bartender I have ever met , pretentious and just a real jerk. I asked for my drink that was on the menu up (I just didn't want ice) and he flat out said no and brought me a drink in a martini glass with ice) I will never ever go back there and I will tell all my friends and family not to come there and also the people at the hospital who recommended this place who have not tried it yet ...I will let them know as well how unwelcoming your restaurant is. We did tell the bartender how we felt when we left and he said "it's coming from my manager, I answer to someone else" Nice. Word of advice. Get a new bartender. 
StefanieJessie and Lauren were incredibly attentive. Food is great.  Thanks to their suggestions we loved the food. Try the spaghettini squash and Joey pizza.  Loved it and their wonderful service made it extra special.I LOVE everything I eat here!  
I'm obsessed with the pizza with the polpettini (veal meatballs), they are so tender and stuffed with ricotta.  basically one of the best things I've had to eat in Philly!  But I've loved everything else I've eaten here too.
It's a small place so you may have to wait for a table, but the staff is very helpful and there's plenty of bars nearby where you can kill time (Bar and Time, for example)
I will go here every chance I get.  Pizza and wine. mmmm  mm  mmmmBest pizza in the city. This place is great for a date or very small group. The wine list is impressive and there is something for everyone. Zavinos is a place I will always go to when I want pizza. Always fresh ingredientsAs I got my first taste of the cow's milk ricotta with honey and citrus oil accompanied by rosemary flatbread, all I could think was: "Wow! This tastes exactly like Trix cereal!"
Clearly, I own quite the renowned palate. Maybe this review shouldn't be taken seriously. But I'll leave that up to you.
So let's back up.
After a long, grueling, painful day of gift shopping, I realized that I 1) was hungry because I'm a human and we humans eat regularly and 2) had not made a reservation anywhere and was presently standing in Center City on a Saturday. Wanting to try somewhere new-to-me, I decided to risk a massive wait and headed in to the first place that caught my eye: Zavino.
Fortunately, bar seats were open. My throbbing legs were grateful, and the HopDevil that was instantly provided by the nice bartender/server was quite fantastic... as per usual, because who in Philly would hate on Victory in a review?
We're now back to the point in the story where the Trix-tasting ricotta comes into play. Now. They really weren't bad, per se. They were just. Different. I ate them, mostly due to hunger, but also because they were... different.
Once finished with that plate, I was mostly full, but then the margarita pizza came out. It wasn't the greatest pizza in Philly, but it was that crusty, thin kind straight from the brick oven that so that gives it brownie points. Plus, it warmed up nicely the next day. I'd be interested in trying their other types beyond the marg.
Zavino was a fine end-of-shopping-day choice, and I would definitely keep it in mind for future pizza outings. Though I may skip out on that ricotta!Is it just me or is 13th and Sansom basically the best lil' food corner in Philly?! Zavino is one of my faves. Lemme tell ya why:
-Great for happy hour (8 dollar margherita pizzas~ can I get an amen!)
-Rotating Rose (I love alliteration and I love pink drinks)
-All the salads (pre-pizza-binge nutrients)
-All the meats and cheeses (charcuterie makes me feel fancy)
-All the pizzas (look at that freakin' crust! Look at the bubbles! Gotta love a bubbly crust)
-Outdoor seating (people watching fans rejoice)
-Friendly service (but let's be honest, they could be assholes and I'd still willingly come here)
Specific recommendations include the beet & goat cheese salad, the brussels, the broccoli, the meatballs, the Joey, and any of the specials. They're always on point.
Zavino, you're great. Keep doin' what ya do.A friend who moved away a few months ago wanted to hit Zavino's on her brief return to the city this weekend - that alone should have told me that this was going to be good. I am not sure how I spent 4 years in this city and missed this charming wine/pizza place right in the thick of 13th Street's delicious restaurant corridor, but I had somehow overlooked it. No more!
The space is small and feels very warm and welcoming. Service was friendly without being overbearing and helpful when it came to making drink choices. I went with two friends and we shared the roasted vegetable plate and two pizzas - the polpettini and the spinach. The roasted vegetable plate was the perfect size for sharing and had lots of delicious variety - eggplant and onions and zucchini and tomatoes and more! Yum. The spinach pizza had a creamy, buttery flavor - thank god for the green vegetables, which felt like they balanced out the decadence! The star of the evening was the polpettini, with delicious meatballs of veal and a warm, rich flavor. Two pizzas were the perfect size to split among three of us, with a few slices left for bringing home. I definitely plan to head back to try more delicious pizzas!Great experience here for a late brunch yesterday. The brussels are my favorite in the city, charred and delicious. Generous portion, too. The ricotta appetizer is huge and priced fairly. This is by far my favorite place to grab a pizza and some wine! I appreciate that they offer different sized pours on their wine list.  I loved sitting at the bar yesterday and the service from Dan was perfect.The food here is really good.  The Sheep's Milk Ricotta was very flavorful and the bread was delicious.  Every we tried was tasty and fresh.  It is definitely a nice, little wine bar.  I'll be back.Great service and awesome food! I personally prefer Zavino over Tria. Their price is comparable to their food quality and portioning (I'm saying theirs is bigger, remember, bigger doesnt mean better!). LOVE their spaghetti squash dish whatever that was, it's bangin'! I am coming back fo' sho'!Very pleasant experience our first time here. Place was somewhat packed, but the hostess was very helpful and polite to squeeze us in. Our seats were near the fireplace where they blast the pizzas, so it was a little much being that it was a warm night, but that's a minor gripe. 
Service was very prompt and pleasant. Pizza was delicious and so was the wine. 
Highly recommend for a summer night. Dining out on the sidewalk seemed like it would be nice than the cramped interior. I'll be back...This was the best pizza I have had in the longest time.
Such an amazing variety of food, with combinations that not only entice the taste buds, but ingredients that beyond-flatter each other.
Bravo!It has been almost a month and I'm still dreaming about the meal I had at Zavino. I was visiting from out of town and took a chance on a Saturday night.  It was packed and I expected to wait, but it was just 2 of us and we were seated immediately.  The atmosphere is fantastic; we were seated with a direct view of the wood-fired oven and with the windows open there was a fantastic breeze.  We ordered the ricotta (don't skip this I'm telling you!), brussels sprouts and a bacon pizza, finished off with the tiramisu.  There really are no words... it was just that perfect. I am considering another trip to Philadelphia just for the food!As far as places to get a good meal at a good price, it doesn't get much better than this. Food is outstanding. The Stache and the Diavolo pizzas are my favorite. Also enjoy the Kennett. Beet Salad is delicious. Atmosphere is nice. Service is friendly. The place is clean. No complaints for me, other than I wish it was a larger place, as it can get a bit tight in there. I hope they stick around for a while, because Zavino is high on my list of go-to places for lunch and dinner.Zavino is located on a bustling corner of the revitalized 13th street stretch. 
I love coming here in the wamer months, because all the windows and doors open up and the sounds of the busy city reverberate throughout the small space.
The food is very simply and made fresh, the staff is very friendly and quick!  The Kennett pizza is a great thin crust pie and the various kinds of fungi, don't overwhelm the pie or give it a strong  'too mushroomy' taste. The combination is quite nice.
Margherita is always a classic choice and you can not go wrong with that choice.
The Crisped Octopus plate, even though 'small' as the header suggests, is a tiny portion, maybe I always crave more when I order it, but they could up the offering just a smidge.
The variety of cheese and charcuterie is nice and compliments of the wine selections well. I've always been very happy with everything that we have ordered here.
The space is fairly small and seating is limited, but the simplicity and execution of the pizzeria adds a wonderful pulse to the numerous and diverse eateries popping up in this section of town.Caesar salad was very fresh, had a great pesto spin on the Caesar dressing but the salad itself could have used maybe juicier sundries tomatoes or something to give it a little more tang. Rosemary flatbread was delicious. 
There were also cool options for cocktails and pizzas. My friends all enjoyed the pizzas they got!
Great atmosphere and very good, friendly service.Host:  "How many in your party?"  
Me: "Just me, and I want to place an order to go..." 
Host: "Just go to the chef, and place your order." 
Me. "Great."
I placed my order, and the guy making the pizza asked me if I wanted a small.   I figured I will want some breakfast in the morning, so let's get a large....   
And thank goodness I did.   
There is nothing that can compare to a real brick oven fired pizza!!    You can taste the wood, the smokey flavor, the crispness of the fire is baked right into the dough.  
The price is like $30 (i think).  Well worth the size and amount of food I got.  
My only precaution would be the neighborhood.   Looked a little rough, and is a block off the high traffic areas.    
I AM NOT FROM NEW YORK - so if my first impression is Way wrong, I'm sorry.    
Now there wasn't homeless people, and gun totten gang members walking around - that's not what I mean.   It was just poorly lit, and not heavily populated... just my observation. 
Won't stop me from going back each time i'm in NY though.The flat bread with ricotta cheese was absolutely divine! You could make a meal out of that if you're not there to feast. We also tried the charcuterie and cheese board which was yummy and you get quite a bit for the price as far as boards go. I recommend sitting at the end of the bar where the pizza oven is, it's fun to watch all that yummy food be made.I've been on a veggie kick lately...no clue why but I'm going with it. That being said, I ordered the veggie board here and it was INCREDIBLE. Carrots, squash, potatoes, peppers, and asparagus all roasted and lovingly sprinkled with olive oil and sea salt. It sounds simple, because it is, but what more do you need? It's flavorful and healthy. Pair it with a glass of red wine (3 is still considered healthy, right?) and you've got yourself a great dinner- one that I could eat every night. 
I love it so much that I'm getting one to-go for a light dinner with friends at my apartment tonight. :)We choose  this small cozy place by  the reviews in yelp and great rating and it was a win win!  The staff of the restaurant is very attentive and helpful even in busy hours. 
We didn't wait for the table and decided to seat at 8the bar  what gave us even morw opportunity to see how the place looka from inside. We saw how they making our ravioli from the base.
Not enough to say that did was delicious. And homemade. Plus a lot of great specials.  We ordered tasting platter and got a lot of prosciutto on it ( we were very pleased) and great cheese, interesting sauces. 
Then we got special prosciutto pizza and ravioli. All of these were eaten! Great job. 
I can't wait for them to open bugger place in Old City. 
Thank you very very much.  We will come backThis is my go-to pizza and wine spot. I love thin crust pizza and there's is the best. I usually go with the margarita, but all the options are great. Sometimes we just get the cheese plate. I haven't tried the salads yet. The waitress who looks like Pink is super friendly.
It can get very crowded on the weekends, but still, never had to wait too long for a table. It is a bit expensive for pizza, yes, but its high-quality. Wine selection is very nice, too. Great spot.I consider myself a pizza snob - not sure if that's a good thing or not.  I went to Zavino at the end of a date night with high recommendations from my girlfriend.  I must say that from the very start the staff was extremely friendly and very accommodating.  I feel like there a a few places where you actually feel welcome and this place is one of them.  
Now for the food.  We ordered this spinach and goat cheese salad and to be honest it's nothing to write home about.  However, the pizza we ordered was called Kennett which had this variety of mushrooms, roasted onions, and no sauce which was very delicious.  The pizza doe reminded me of a crispy naan bread which was very good.  Overall, I was a big fan of the pizza.  Also the wine and beer were great too! By the way, it's a nice date spot if anyone is wondering.Came in for drinks on Sunday . The bartender was new but she was great. Our drinks were fabulous . The vibe was very chill and everyone was friendly .This is my favorite restaurant in Philly. The drinks are great- I love their prosecco and their root beer drink. I also love their food, you can't go wrong with their cheese board (the bread that comes w it is amazing) and I love their Stache pizza and their specials. 
My only negative is that when I first started going there they had a four cheese pizza that was amazing. I miss it. Also, I feel like their Margherita pizza is a little underwhelming but I haven't ordered it in a while so maybe I should give it a retrial one of these days.we are serious patrons of Zavinos, like for years. BUT, the black and white TV must go. please! it's arcane and distracting because we can't tell what's going on! today's sports and TV is in color. please bring back the 21st century!!Okay i am a huge pizza fan, its like my favorite food, so recently moving to philly, i wanted to try all the places around here. That being said, i went out to lunch and was really craving gnocchis, so i got them. First of all when i got them, i was wondering if they gave me a sample to make sure i liked it. There was literally 3 bites of food that i dont even think would fill up a kitten. Its also $9! Like i could see maybe $2-$3 but $9! Thats ridiculous. I was ready to leave but they insisted i get a pizza so i got the no cheese and garlic one, nothing impressive. Imagine eating the bread off of a table and throwing sauce on it and that is their pizza. I wanted to like this place, but they give you little 8 ounce bottles for soda and charge you if you want more, its like eating at an expensive nickel and dimeing fancy restaurant with good food and nice atmosphere-minus the good food and nice atmosphere. I believe my girlfriends parents got $9 beers as well. Also if you are looking for a bar to watch the game, they have a tv that was smaller than the pizza portions, im not sure what kind of dining experience they were going for but they wont be getting my business anymore.WOW. If i could eat here every day I would. The pizza is incredible. (I like the Pizza here and at Nomad). Salads make great compliments along with small plates like olives and brussels sprouts. Pizza is big enough to share with a friend if you get someone else too. Good wine and beer selection too. Pizza is a decent price. Staff is friendly too. Big downside (and this is big)- it's a small place and if you're looking to go during dinner on the weekend you can easily wait an hour or two and they don't take reservations. But it's worth the wait- especially since there are cute stores just across the street that can easily distract you while you wait.LOVE this place. Another regular spot where we take visitors from out of town. We discovered it quite by accident on our first night in Philly we were escaping our hotel with the constant arguing neighbors. It was great and has a friendly staff. Everyone we have brought there has enjoyed it. The only downside is that it is extremely small and in the sweltering Philly summers the A/C isn't all that effective.  Great wine selection and the pizza is delicious. Still a little confused by "Baby Jesus" that appears on the menu occasionally, the staff says it's delicious.This place is spot on, great pizza, they're doing adventurous stuff so if you're down for some Dominos style, or that stodgy old stuff your grandma makes, stay home, or order Dominos.  Instead they're making exciting pizzas, playing with cool ingredients and knocking it out of the park with service.  We had the greek pizza, with the pistachios, the name escapes me, it's dynamite, they could change the name to that.  We also had the Joey or something to this effect, again, excellent.  We got that mushroom one as well, also great. The service was friendly and funny, she laughed at my still water joke.  Is there a downside to this place? Maybe it's too small, it's on one of the best corners in town for an eatery and it can get jammed.  They do a great job though once they get you seated.Realy great meatballs. Great pizza. The bar service was top notch!  Eggplant was delish. We are coming back on our next trip to Philly!The pizza here is delicious. I had the Diavalo and enjoyed every bite. Having recently learned what veal actually is, I felt strange about eating baby cow meat, so I passed on my BF's ricotta stuffed meatballs. However, he loved them, and judging from the sauce, which I sampled with my pizza crust, I probably would have too.
I also loved the ambiance. It was a small cramped space, but managed to maintain a modern, upscale feel. The bar area actually looked inviting and the chalk menu overhead adds a nice, relaxed touch. Though I went for lunch, not happy hour, it seemed to be a great place for a drink after a long day. The service was great, too.
My only complaint was that the dessert was a lackluster finale for the meal. We ordered the tiramisu, which I usually love. However, don't be tempted by Zavino's. It's awful. That aside, they definitely know how to cook up a good pie.Polpettini pizza.  The BEST pizza I've ever had!   The crust is amazing- chewy and flavorful!   I'm pairing it with a syrah.  Hope to be able to visit again soon!I recently visited this place on Martin Luther king weekend. The place was clean and decent place ... the food was good we were well seated and Ourbartender was very courteous we really enjoyed our meal and had a good time we almost paid $50 for a couple beers and two pizza and the and in short a good time I would like to go back again thank youLet me just start out by saying that we have been by this place several times on a Sunday afternoons, Saturday nights and its always JUMPIN. We checked out a movie at the Ritz and made a beeline to Tria for the special Valentines Day bubbly they were serving up. My honey being the late planner he is couldn't get us a table at Davios and it was getting late so I suggested we either scarf down food close by or it would get ugly for him. 
I suggested Zavinos I had heard pretty good things about it and so we walked less than two blocks and arrived to full but not overcrowded restaurant. 
Table for two in the corner was quaint and perfect for us  while I went to freshen up my heart decided he needed yet another cocktail so he ordered a 22ox southern tier ( I guess that bottle of wine was out !!!!)  I opted for a glass of the Nero Diavlo which superb ive was been to the Tuscany region of Italy and this wine brought me back.
We glanced over the menu and though a Valentines Day feature prefix was offered we opted for two pizzas. The Shorty - Amazing short ribs, caramelized onions and cheese!!! what more could you ask for and the Spinach pretty standard but extremely flavorful I think it had to do with the béchamel that they use mmmmm. Our server was the only one working and he did the best he could. As the night went on more tables came and we saw a little less of him but he acknowledged us every time he walked by and kept water full and cleared away plates as needed. We didn't do desert and the damage was only 50.00 not incl tip... that's my kind of Vday dinner.(3.5 stars) Dinner here wasn't perfect, but it was super satisfying and that atmosphere was great. On the corner of a hopping area, the restaurant is small, intimate, and bustling. 
All of the pizzas sounded awesome but sometimes traditional just hits the spot and the margherita was no letdown. Great crust, solid balance of toppings, and not too expensive. Also the veal and ricotta meatballs were light and savory, definitely a good choice for a small plate. 
On the somewhat disappointing side, the Brussels sprouts were a little overcooked and the burntness overpowered the vinaigrette. Also, they don't offer complementary bread to start so we ordered the rosemary flat bread, which was a nice start to the meal but a bit too salty.There are not many restaurants that I crave... Zavino is one of them.  I am never disappointed.  Great pizza, great wine.  Awesome WW pizza 'Stache' & delicious vegetable plate.  
Expect to get their early, put in your name in & then have drinks there or somewhere else along 13th street (tons of places!)
It's certainly worth the wait.Ambiance: 4. Small, cool mini-bar vibe.  Somewhat dark and a little above "moderate" noise, which was a nice feel on a cold winter night.  Felt like it could be a jazz bar --
Cost: 3. Actually not 100% sure on this (not from area), but pizzas seem reasonable priced in low-to-mid-teens.
Food Quality: 4. Zavino lies in the Northeast corridor "pizza belt" and doesn't not disappoint.  I had the Polpettini (veal & ricotta meatball is the key topping), but the Diavolo and some meat boards were around and looked awesome.  Pizzas come out fast which is certainly nice if you're there for a quick happy hour or snack.
Service: 4. Very prompt, not pushy. Can't ask for much more.  Warning though they do not take Amex.
When to return: Happy hour when you want one a bit different. Quick bite to eat. Pizza/meat board craving. Lower key date night.Just had lunch here this afternoon and it was probably one of the best spontaneous finds for lunch! My friend and I bought got the Tomato Soup and a Beet Salad and Poached Pear Salad. Both of us absolutely loved the soup, it had a great texture and wasn't watery. Perfect for a rainy day! My salad was delicious with kale and goat cheese. The meat and cheese platters looked amazing too! The ambiance was nice, loved the bar! It is a small place, so may not be ideal for large parties. Perfect for date night! I would definitely return and can't wait to try more dishes!Zavino is a great place to enjoy a nice glass of wine with great staff who are very friendly and attentive to detail. We found this place after looking a good place that is chill to enjoy some nice wine at reasonable prices. We were not disappointed. 
We came on a Saturday night while visiting philly and were not disappointed. We enjoyed our time so much that we came again on Sunday while waiting for our train. 
I definitely recommend checking out this great wine bar, you will enjoy the great selection of wine and reasonable half and full glass prices.Zavino is an excellent place for pizza with a great ambiance. I ordered the mushroom and margarita pizzas and loved them both! Their wine list is well rounded too. The 13th Street area is quickly becoming a destination neighborhood for good food.their cheese are like little clouds of heaven. i love their cheese so much.I came here for happy hour with my boyfriend and we loved it. There was a 30 minute wait but we were able to get the happy hour drinks ($3 Hopdevil and $5 Pinot grigio) so we didn't mind. The staff and the bartender were friendly and funny. We had the grilled shrimp scampi, the margarita pizza ($8 for happy hour), and the tiramisu. All very small but just the right amount for two to share. I really enjoyed this place and will definitely be coming back for happy hour!Discovering Zavino has been one of the best things that has ever happened in my life. The entirety of the restaurant is amazing - location, atmosphere, staff, wine & beer, and most of all, the food! The must-haves are spaghetti squash, avocado salad, a meat & cheese board, and The Stache!!!Delicious. 
Beet salad has a "tang" to it, different.
Love olive bowl.
Our pizzas were on the doughy side for thin crust, would have expected it to be crisper. 
Would return to try other items on menu. 
In spying on other tables, other dishes look appetizing.I decided to visit Philadelphia. Of course, I neglected to visit the Barnes or the museum or art, nor did I eat a cheesesteak, but I did go to Zavino's and... I regret nothing that I did or didn't do this trip. It was a rainy night, I had forgotten my coat and umbrella back in the woods of upstate New York, and my friend and I were craving something vaguely Italian. I threw "pizza" into Yelp's search bar, and Zavino's was close, not obscenely expensive, and rated well.
And it deserves its rating.
First, we got calamari. It was delicious, slightly sweet from the balsamic and slightly bitter from the olives. Then we got the Polpettini. And without really thinking it over (how much money do I have? Not much.), I ordered us a bacon pizza. Everything was just fantastic. I'm going to be craving those veal, ricotta-filled meatballs for a long time.
Josh, the bartender, was also fantastically friendly and diligent. I said I had no regrets, this was a lie. I regret that I couldn't tip him more.I've been here 5 times and this place is great every time - very consistent.  I especially like the diavolo pizza and the spinach salad.  The servers are nice, knowledgable and friendly.  Ask a question and you get an answer.  I'd say the pizza is very, very close to Pizza Mozza in LA.We recently went to Zavino on the first nice weekend night in a while, so needless to say the place was very crowded. However, upon arriving we were promptly greeted and were lucky enough to snag a table. Our server was knowledgeable and recommended some delicious options for a friend who is not able to eat gluten or dairy. 
The rest of us gluten and dairy eaters ordered the mushroom toast to start and it was AMAZING. We also got multiple pizzas, but my fave is the always classic margherita. 
It was such a lovely meal and we will be back!Great pizza and charcuterie.  Pizza for me is about crust and Zavino's is airy, chewy and has that smoke from woodfired oven... Nothing like carcinogens of burnt dough to lend a mouth watering smokeyness. 
Solid good quality food.   Options are not as many as other places, but when everything on the menu is good, it's hard to go wrong.  
Smaller wine list than other wine bars, but good selection of whites and reds.  They also have beer on draught and bottle, as well as cocktails for the none wine enthusiasts.
 i don't think there is AC cuz all the windows were open with one little fan.  With the woodfire stove, I can imagine it gets pretty hot.  
The bathroom arrangement is interesting.  The unisex bathrooms are like water closets and then the sinks are in a common area in the hallway.this is about as good as pizza can get. Six of us from NY/NJ on Saturday 10/12 about 6PM. Not much room inside so we were seated outside. As appetizers we ordered the sampler platter, rosemary flatbread, meatballs and brussel sprouts. I don't like brussel sprouts but I tried them. This is probably the only place I will EVER eat them. All the apps were great, no joke. Then we had the pizza called the Joey and a Marherita pizza. We were in Philly just for the night. This place was near our hotel, the Holiday Inn Express, and a great choice for eating.My boyfriend and I came here for a late dinner but after reading the reviews it looks to me like not many people have had the food that we ordered. 
We were seated at the last table which was comfortable but in front of a very drafty set of windows so we were very cold the entire time.
We ordered the brussels sprouts and the tortellini but unfortunately did not like either dish very much. The brussels sprouts smelled delicious but halfway through the dish they tasted very sour, almost overly vinegar-y. The restaurant was dimly lit so I couldn't really see the color of the brussels sprouts and it seemed like parts of it were burned slightly (which didn't concern me) but I couldn't really identify why it was so sour. 
The tortellini dish was honestly so bland and the cookie crumble didn't do much for the taste. It seems like everyone comes here for pizza and wine/beer so maybe that's what we should've ordered.
An average experience at best.I had two great dishes during my visit: Baby Jesus (meat and cheese) and The Stache pizza. I would love to come back and try their other menu items. It is a little cramped in there... so if your neighboring table tells a joke, be prepared to laugh.Everything about our meal tonight was amazing. The out-of-town cousins who are serious foodies gave it their approval, and still our kids who won't eat anything "weird" loved their pizzas too. We shared five pizzas, six different small plates, and two salads, and very little was left over.I hate to start with the bad...but I will...
They don't take American Express...and that probably costs them 1/2 a star in my book.  They also have a very confusing seating policy...and not a lot of seats.
But, I want to give them lots of compliments.
First of all, they will take your name and cell phone and will text you and call you when your table is ready...very cool system.  Since they are small, it is a little hard to get around inside and I noticed that some of the wait staff actually walk out the back door...down the street...and in the front door to reach some tables with their food.
I suggest that you take seats at the bar if you get a chance.  Try all of their appetizers/small plates...  They have fantastic flavorful small plates.  
The pizza is wood fired and very good.  They have a great selection of mixed drinks and wines.This is a wine bar, that also has awesome food.  Very rare combination, but their pizzas are die for.  They also have a gluten free option that my gluten-less friends tell me is pretty good.Only got take out here. Service was friendly!
Pizza was good, but not as great as I thought I'd be. I ordered a polpettini pasta with the veal meatballs and it was good, not great.
Crust is a bit on the chewy side. Veal meatballs were bland and too soft.
Expected more from all the rave reviews. I think nomad roman around the corner better.Absolutely fabulous service and excellent wine list!  
I sat at the bar in hopes of enjoying a nice glass of wine with my mother.  After leaving Vintage, I wanted an experience to make me forget about the horrible one before.  The bartender was absolutely wonderful, accommodating our requests and making us feel so welcome.  The atmosphere was great and the prices were reasonable.  I am looking forward to coming here for some delicious pizza.
Happy Hour: $5 glasses of wineHad a couple of friends visiting me in Philly and wanted to take them out to El Vez. Reservations were all booked even though I called a couple of days in advance. We decided to stop by and see how long the wait would be: 3 HOURS! We laughed and left. Decided to head into Zavino since it was right across the street and looked really cool inside. Were seated at the bar right away! We split the cheese and meat board which was accompanied by a large amount of freshly baked pita breads. The board was filling enough for the 4 of us! Everything in the selection was delicious! We then ordered pizzas; I had the mushroom one which comes with a white sauce and loved it! I liked the fact that we could "personalize" our pizzas (white sauce vs. red sauce, whole wheat crust vs. white crust, etc.) I am definitely going back there again! Oh and the wine selection was also great :)Good crowd. I had a margherita pizza here and it was one of the tastiest pizza in Philly.Delicious pizza, great atmosphere and good service! 
The pizza is Neapolitan style with a thin wood fired crust. I had the Margherita pizza which was delicious. The tomato sauce had the perfect amount of sweetness and the pizza isn't too saucy. My only wish is that the pizza would have stayed in the oven a little longer to make the crust a bit more crispy! 
Tip: they offer half glasses of wine so if you want something small or to try a few types it it easy!Went to Zavino Saturday night quite late around 10 PM and it was still pretty packed, so we left our name and got a drink.  They told us it would be about 30 min and almost to the minute they called my cell phone telling me there was a table for us.  
The basic pizza was quite good and so was the app of squash that my girlfriend and I shared (although the cheese used on top was a little firm and rubbery).  I was a little dissapointed in the wine list.  I kind of thought there would be some more interesting wines and maybe a little higher end.Love this place.  Go without anything in mind (except pizza) and find a spot and enjoy.  Really great, fresh hot pizza served fast.  Great sides and wine list.  My server has been the same the last few times and she is always a delight.  Nice attitude, not too 'scripty' and knowledgeable.  I always enjoy myself here and great for a late night snack.I went to this restaurant for lunch with a coworker. We both had salads-she had the beet salad and I had the watermelon salad. Both tasted great but weren't really large enough to fill us up and we got them as our meals. It was in between what I would expect as an entree salad and a first course salad. If we come back we decided we would get salads and then split a pizza because we were still hungry when we left.You will waste your time and money going here.  There are MUCH better options.  The pizza was really BAD!!  And the service was WORSE.Fantastic food but don't let them seat you outside next to the subway exhaust grates in the sidwalk! You'll be alternating experiencing the wonderful flavors with breath rank subway smellsMy husband and I have been waiting for Zavino to open since we live a few blocks away. Tonight was the "official" opening so we stopped by around 6pm. It was packed with a few couples waiting around on the sidewalk but there were seats at the bar so we went right on in. 
The restaurant is tiny but very nicely remodeled with exposed brick, dark woods and a white marble bar. Definitely an improvement from the check cashing place that proceeded it. 
They didn't yet have their liquor license so they were comping beer and wine. Off to a good start! We had a lovely glass of the cote du rhone. 
We each had the mixed green salad at $5 per. It was perfectly dressed with a balsamic vinaigrette. They had a cheese tasting menu and several entree choices along with the pizzas. We split a white pizza with smoked mozzarella, garlic and broccoli. It was very good. Prices were very reasonable (and you can't beat that free wine). 
For dessert they have panna cotta, chocolate-pear cake and biscotti. We split the cake and I highly recommend it. Moist enough with a deep, dark chocolate flavor, small diced pears mixed in and a side of whipped mascarpone and dark chocolate sauce. 
We'll be back!Very small place and crowded. Hostess seemed miserable. Ordered the 5 cheese ravioli with a spicy sauce. Good but a very small portion for dinner (5 small ravioli for $11 with no salad or bread). The food was received within a few minutes after ordering. Restrooms a little odd, sink was located outside the restroom.This has become my go-to spot in Philly. I've lived here for quite some time and ironically, Zavino was one of the first restaurants I ever visited while living here and recently, I just can't get enough. Every time I have a family member visiting, we go to Zavino. It's in my price range, I adore all the employees (I work in the service industry and these guys are really awesome, always on point) and the food is always incredible. I always do at least 2 orders of the Brussels; they are addicting. (Most of the time, I like to get one order to take home, too!! Even though I only live 4 blocks from this place, It's safe to say they are my favorite dish) Baby Kale Salad is another favorite of mine and the Seasonal Vegetable Plate is so, so good. Of course, the pizza, their specialty, will rock your world. Only pizza I will eat; it's never greasy or heavy and they have so many options, from Fig and Prosciutto to Garden Veggie (whole wheat crust as an option) there is a pizza for everyone. 
Hostess (girl with awesome haircut) is always so sweet and accommodating and my usual server is a blonde girl (can't remember her name for the life of me!) who is extremely personable and patient. (I'm weird with salad dressing and prefer just vinegar; she always takes care of me and I really appreciate it!) Long story short, Zavino is a restaurant you can depend on. The food, service, and drinks are always spot on. There are heat lamps above the outdoor seating, which is great for these chilly nights. The space is quite small, but it works. I've never waited more than 15 minutes for a table. Give this place a go, I guarantee it'll become your "go-to", as well!
PS: Try the Root Bean Soda drink as a dessert, it tastes like a root beer float!Very cozy, warm and welcoming restaurant! Small and quaint.  At first, my partner and I walked in expecting a large almost pizzeria-like eatery but found a lavish and snug wine bar with a pizzeria on the side. My partner and I came up from Baltimore, Maryland for the day to sight see and found the restaurant on GayCities app for iphone. We couldn't be happier with the restaurant. We ordered the first pizza on the menu which was the perfect size for a couple. Water was served out of a neat jug and the service was perfect. Quick and polite! Thank you very much Zavino for adding to a great experience in Philadelphia!i love zavino. i love their pizzas and drinks. the pizza is very fresh. they have gluten free options and they always have specials. the place is so cute and small very philly-esque. will definitely head back wtih friends as it is our go-to spot.I wish I lived in philly so I could come here all the time! First off, my water glass was never empty! Second was the food came out almost immediately!!! I could not believe how little of a wait for it to be on the table. The ricotta spread is amazing! I also put it on my pizza, the joey, and it made it that much better! They have roasted Brussel sprouts that are a good portioned mound that I wish I ordered! Pizzas are a good size to split with another person.Without a doubt, Zavino consistently delivers amazing experiences time after time.  The tasting board and Brussels sprouts are required for your next visit.  Enjoy it, this place is the best.
Getting a table can be tricky.  Plan ahead, and get your name in early-- they'll text you when ready.Came here for an early dinner.  The place was crowded, but there was one table left.  My suggestion is that they take this one table and toss it.  We were virtually sitting on top of a party of three in a booth who were talking loud enough to hear one another if they were sitting on separate peaks in the Alps.  We were also virtually sitting on top of another party of three at a table, who had much better manners.
We ordered pasta, which was very good.  However, the potions are quite small for the price.
Our server did not seem to care one way or another if we were having a pleasant experience.
I'm willing to give this place another chance.  I suggest they revaluate how many tables they should have in this small location.  I won't stay if I have sit on someone's lap to have dinner.Excellent food, drink and service.  Our bartender was super nice. The pizza guys were so attentive. The only reason why I didn't give it 5 stars: no availability to make reservations.Zavino was good but nothing special. My friend and I ordered the Polpettini and The Stache. Out of the both of them I like the Polpettini much more. The Stache just left something to be desired. The space is cute but it was very tight (especially if you're right next to the kitchen). The restaurant was very small and was not cold weather friendly (there was barely any place to put your coat). The waitstaff were all friendly so no complaints there. I would go back to Zavino but it wouldn't be my first choice.Actually a decent, thin crust pizza in Center City. The pizzas are crispy and flaky, and the toppings fresh and interesting. Watch out as you gobble it down, you may burn the roof of your mouth.YUM-O!
An Arugula + Prosciutto Pizza always wins in my book. How could you say no to that combination? A fluffy, chewy yet nicely charred crust also helps make their pizzas great! It's everything you want in a pizza. My friend ordered the Joey pizza and equally delighted by her choice! Seriously, I'm in love with their crust. It's SO GOOD!
I tried the Roasted Beet salad on my 2nd visit and it converted me into a beet liker (not lover just yet). I never enjoyed beets before that but the combo of beets with goat cheese, kale, and pecans was not only beautiful but equally luscious and delightful.Found this place on Yelp while in Philadelphia on business. We arrived around 7:45 pm on a Friday and three place was packed... A good sign! After a ~45 minute wait, we were seated at one of the cute little window tables. We each ordered a featured cocktail - I had the sangria, which had a few measly bits of pear floating on top, but was otherwise tasty; my companion ordered the root soda and was very pleased. 
I opted for one of the specials, which was risotto with tenner yet crispy asparagus shavings, seared scallops and black garlic puree. The scallops were a highlight: perfectly seared with a nice carmelization on both sides, well seasoned, slightly warmed through without any of the chewiness of being overdone. My friend got the margherita pizza, which was everything you could hope for: chewy/crispy crust with just the right amount of char, piping hot, gooey cheese. Delicious!
I'm only giving 4\5 stars because my risotto - while entirely delicious - was clearly meant to be a starter and not a main course. I wish that had been more clearly explained when the server went through the specials!A friend was raving about a "oven pizza place and wine bar in the city," that she wanted to go back to but couldn't remember the name. From that information, I guessed it was Zavino, so we took a taxi all the way from my house in point breeze to find out it was actually some place in Rittenhouse. Since we were already here, we decided to stick around and try it anyways. 
We sat at the bar, ordered a bottle of malbec, and split two pies between our group of three. The stache pie come out looking like they burned the crap out of it--the pesto was so blackened that you couldn't even tell it was pesto anymore, and my friend was afraid to try it. It turned out to still be good, but if I were working I wouldn't have served it just based on appearance. The margherita pizza was fine--I always think the tomato sauce is too sweet. 
The bartender who served us was phenomenal--I would come back just for him.Stopped in for dinner on a Wednesday night at 7:30.  Wait was 45 minutes.  My date lives close by so the whole texting when the table was ready was very convenient.  We returned after we got the text and our table was ready.  It's very intimate inside.  Our waitress was very attentive.  We shared the goat's milk ricotta, the bacon pizza, and the special ravioli of the night which was shortrib and ricotta.  Everything was delicious.  I really loved the sheep's milk ricotta and the ravioli.  The sauce the ravioli was in, was amazing.  We ended up dipping our pizza crust into it.  It's small so expect a wait, but it's worth it.I want to love Zavino but it's got me feeling a bit confused.  First of all, I think combining pizza with a fun bar setting is a brilliant idea, but for Zavino, each great facet is combined with a pretty major fuck-up:
- Like I said, fun bar + pizza = awesome, but the place is so small that it's hard to feel like you're casually hanging out in there.
- Outdoor seating?  In theory, hell yeah, but the holey iron tables they have outdoors are not conducive to actually eating food... they're hard to clean, which means people won't want to put their silverware on the table.  Still, the plates are curvy and small, which makes it hard to sit silverware in them.
- A gourmet spin on pizza... ok, I guess that's cool, and I think it's worth paying a bit more for it, except that the pizza just isn't that good.  The crust is way too soggy wet in the middle and way too burnt on the outside.  Worst of all is sitting outside trying to enjoy mediocre $15 pizza as someone walks by with a huge cheesy slice from Zio on a paper plate, which they probably paid $2 for.  It makes the unequal price-to-taste ratio all the more obvious.
Like I said, I really want Zavino to be good; I just haven't seen that yet.This was good - on a great street in Philly, pretty decent food, and friendly service. Pretty dang cramped (no big parties here!), dim lighting, and pizza was a wee bit soggy, although I did like the crust. We got the diavolo and polpetini. The diavolo was definitely better, but hey, it's pizza so you can't go (terribly) wrong. I liked that they served wine in either half glass or whole glass pours, which is great for a lightweight like me. It's also more affordable! They don't take reservations, but you can call ahead and get your name on a list. They'll call/text you when your table is ready so you're not waiting around. I like that system and wish more places employed it! Overall, I liked Zavino, but nothing wowed me. Spent about $60 on 2 pizzas and 2 drinks.I have been here twice, the first time was excellent! I went again last night, while the food was awesome, I definitely had some service problems. In addition to the very slow waitress, they brought out our $19 tasting board appetizer at the same exact time as our pizzas. Doesn't that ruin the point of an appetizer? Just kind of pissed me off, especially because I mentioned it to the waitress and she tried to make me feel bad, only offering to hold the pizzas in the back, yes please I would love for you to serve us cold pizza in ten minutes. Restaurant service 101Zavino is the place I insist my friends check out, so I don't know where to start. I have been going to the Zavino on 13th for years. I loved sitting at the bar sipping wine and watching the pizza go in and out of the brick oven, what a great atmosphere! I finally tried Zavino II in University City late last summer and was equally impressed. It's way bigger and the food/ pizza is just as tasty! Its easier to get a table, and more outdoor seating for when the weather heats up!
The food is unique but not stuffy or overly fancy its just right! You can tell someone is thinking outside the box with the menu. The whipped ricotta is unlike anything I have ever have. Apparently they are consistently mixing new things in it to keep it exciting. I tasted slight hues of honey last night... We also tried the short rib ravioli, and I am going to have to go back in the very near future to treat myself again. No need for me to comment too much on the pizza since I read the philly food blogs and Zavino always makes the top 5 list, and I couldn't agree more- my personal favorite is the Joey J
I love my wine- I am no connoisseur but I can tell what I like and what I don't like. The wine list stays up today with the season with price points that won't break the bank, so you find yourself realizing you should go with the bottle!
Overall I have to give it 5 stars.. atmosphere is trendy, staff is friendly, helpful and efficient. I don't know what more I could ask for!I gave Zavino such a high rating because it's as good as it gets in Philadelphia. And despite what the critics say, Zavino is better than Stella's.  I believe Zavino's vegetables, dairy, and meats are largely sourced from local and/or organic producers, unlike Mr. Starr's restaurants.  
I think I know a thing or two about good pizza and would modestly compare myself to Ramdane Touhami, the creative director of home fragrance brand Cire Trudon. He's also founded hip Paris concept stores L'Epicerie and Parfume  Generale. Anyway, Mr. Touhami has travelled the world looking for the best pizza. Since Mr. Touhami is on a diet right now, he's had to refrain from eating at his favorite pizza place (franny's in Brooklyn), but said it's like his drug.  
I'm not on a diet, but haven't been eating a lot of pizza lately either. However, my craving for pizza got the best of me and I decided to try Zavino.  According to the chef/owner of franny's, if a dish has 3 perfect ingredients then it doesn't need anything else.   I wholeheartedly agree with this and found the tomato, mozzarella and spicy pepperoni pizza perfect. Since the hallmark of a good pizza is consistency, I decided to go visit Zavino the following week to see if I would have a consistent food experience. To my delight, the pizza was just as good as my last visit. 
Additionally, I like wine with pizza and thought the wine at Zavino was good as well.I thought the pizza was okay. A bit bland to my taste, and not much cheese!! could've used bit more basil and cheese on my margherita pizza. otherwise, good selection of drinks, if you are looking for somewhere with decent drinks and light food to munch on.Overpriced pizza that was not anything to be excited about. Crowded but not sure why. Apparently people feel it is good. Not air conditioned thus a little sticky. Just passing through town so I will not return. Good luck.Had the chorizo pizza.  Almost too much cilantro, but very good nonetheless.  Good service and atmosphere as well.  If they had AC it would be 5 stars, haha.The mushroom pizza was delicious.  If I lived in Philadelphia, I would OD on it.  I have been to many great pizza places on the west coast and the east coast - the mushroom pizza here was among the best I have had of the wood-fired variety (the crust reminded me of Pizzeria Delfina in SF).  LOVED it.Awesome happy hour specials.  Margarita pizza for $8.  Wife and I got two pizzas, veal meatballs, and two glasses of wine for $25.  The place was nice, clean, and the staff were very friendly.  If you're in the neighborhood, definitely stop here.Sitting near the oven was waaay hot!! But the pizza/food/service was GREAT!  Nice ambiance.  Small and cozy.  And a nice wine selection.This weeks travel for convention season takes me to Philadelphia for the first time. Tired from the plane ride I needed pizza to heal me. The front desk gave me two options, Zavino's being one of them. Trusty Yelp did the rest. Stephen, Carlo, Harvey and I enjoyed the Baby Jesus app~ highly recommended, and three pizzas. The Margareta came out first. A solid pie and very enjoyable. Not the best I've had but would order again if I was in a group and sharing. The 2nd pie was the Joey (I think it was the little Joey but you get the idea) and it was the star of the show. Must have must order even if you are not a big sausage fan (keep it clean people). The last pizza (forgot the name) had a kind of spicy pepperoni and I liked it as well as the Joey (but my dining mates preferred the Joey). Next time I am in town I will seek Zavino out again!I just had a quick outdoor dinner here. The restaurant has both outdoor and indoor tables. We ate outside and the service was great. We split the ricotta and the margarita pizza, both were amazing.This place was packed this Thursday night, a very good sign. I was by myself and there was one seat at the bar. Started with the beet and kale salad.  Then moved on to the prosciutto pizza. This was a layer of white sauce and mozzarella topped by prosciutto, baked in their stone oven and covered with arugula at the end. I can tell you this was very much in the spirit of Roberta's in Brooklyn.  Just keep in mind it's going to be tough to get in some nights. But this was a great experience in Philadelphia.I really like this place. It's cool and cozy awesome for a summer night. Cauliflower was like heaven on earth and they have this cider beer that's to die for. Love it. They'll see me again soon.The margharita pizza and wine are an excellent combo. I will keep going back for food and the very pleasant folks at the bar. The women at the entrance need to be fired- they are unpleasant and inefficient. The place does get very crowded and they take no reservations.Pizza is delicious and the Zavino Caesar is also great. Worth stopping by for happy hour to get a break on the pies. They are worth full price but all the better for a deal.   Servers have all been nice on three visits and adequately attentive.I've become a big fan of this place. They have a great happy hour with $3 Philadelphia Brewing Company beers, $8 margherita pizzas, and $5 glasses of wine. The pizza here is really good. I wish they just made all of their pizzas some $$ off during happy hour because I'd love to try them all! It's a relatively small place and can get crowded during happy hour, but I love that they let you order off the HH menu when you sit at a table, not just when you're at the bar.
They also have a great cocktail menu. FYI the Manhattan here is very strong, like burn-your-throat-as-it-goes-down strong, so be prepared for that or avoid it if that's not your thing. They usually also have creative cocktails for each season. I remember having one of their "fall cocktails" before which was really tasty.I was in town for a conference about 2 and a half weeks ago and picked this place since classy pizza seemed like a safe choice to satisfy several coworkers with varying tastes and accommodate vegetarians with no problems.
We ordered a couple drinks to start and I got the Root Bean Soda ($7). It tasted just like watered down cream soda (that could be good or bad, you decide) but definitely still had enough alcohol to give me my signature, and embarrassing, Asian Flush.
As an appetizer, we got the Apple, Bleu Cheese, and Spiced Walnut Salad ($7). It tasted as good as it sounds but is quite small so I would only recommend sharing it with 1 other person, or 2 people who are on a diet.
For pizzas, we ordered the Kennett ($14) and Stache ($15), which are both vegetarian. I have an unexplainable love for baby arugula so I had a heavy preference for Stache, but honestly, both pizzas were delicious. Like the salad, these pizzas are so small that they are barely shareable. Each is a 10" thin crust that can realistically feed 1.25 people of average appetite so keep that in mind when ordering.I love this place. It's comfy and cozy, great for when it's cold or raining. We sit near the oven and watch all the pizzas cook. Never a bad choice.  Their house made pastas are amazing.If I could give more than 5 stars I would. The diavolo pizza is the best I've ever had in my life- which is saying a lot coming from someone who eats pizza multiple times a week. They also have great happy hour specialsThe food is pretty good, but definitely not extraordinary. It's good, fresh, brick oven fired pizza but I think the pizza at Franco Luigi's in South Philly is much better.Great place for a casual but classy date. It's intimate and cozy. The food was fast, I appreciated the quickness. The taste, while nothing To write home about, was good and the ingredients fresh and natural. They also have gluten free pizza for your trendy (or truly intolerant) friends.Highly recommend the baby jesus and the veal meatballs both were cooked well and tasted delicious. The pizzas are nice as well. I prefer going to this place in the summer with the outdoor seating option.Very good!! Loved the meatballs and margarita pizza! Would totally recommend for Italian food!Zavino is tiny and offers great pizza and a nice/romantic atmosphere.  I definitely recommend going a little early or late to avoid yourself a wait, particularly since they don't accept reservations.  The Roasted Beet Salad was okay - I wish there were more beets though!
The Margherita is quite good as is the Stache, which has a perfect blend of pesto, mozzarella, parmesan, and arugula.  
I would have given this place 4 stars, but I am docking a star for price - this place is simply too expensive.  
That said, the drinks are fairly cheap, particularly during Happy Hour.  You can get draft beer for $3, $5 on select wine by the glass, and $8 for a Margherita.  The Happy Hour runs from 4:30pm-6:30pm Monday through Friday.  Given the prices at this place, if I return I will make sure it is during Happy Hour!Wow! This one definitely gets a "Good Golly Miss Molly" this was good.  I have eaten pizza in many places before from bad to great and my number 1 is still in Brooklyn NY, however this was an all around great meal. 
After a 45 minute wait we started off with the Fava bean small plate which was phenomenal. Followed it up with a poached pear salad that simply blew us away. 
The combination of the flavors in both dishes exploded in our mouth. 
Then came the pizza. A thin crispy crust cover in a tangy sweet red sauce with mozzarella and shaved provolone and veal meatballs.....a real treat. 
Very attentive service on a real busy Saturday night everything done just right. 
In the infamous words of the Terminator..................
"I ll be back"Cute spot with awesome wine selection. The Riesling was sweet and crisp and goes great with their margherita pizza. The pizza is cooked perfectly not burnt. The restaurant itself is tiny not ideal for large parties but even with it being tiny and there is a wait you never feel rushed by your server. Great spot in the city!Ate here last night. Went with a vegetarian and someone with severe nut allergies.
Since the veg choices were sparse (only two--one of which was nut-laden), we opted for a Margarita pizza with added broccoli rabe and spinach to make it more interesting. Our waiter seemed bored and inattentive. He didn't list the specials until we asked, and there was no ice in the water (when asked, he bought one glass of ice for the table--just odd).
When the pizza came, it had added pesto, something the Margarita didn't have and something we didn't request as an add-on. Had we not noticed it, our nut-allergic friend would have had to stick herself with an epi pen and take a trip to the ER. Luckily, I noticed, and he said he'd bring another pizza.
The pizza itself was... well, utterly underwhelming. The tomatoes were tart and underripe, the fior di latte (fresh mozzarella) was very nice, but the rest of the veggies were underwhelming. A good 1/5 of the crust was charred black, which went beyond "rustic" and into "inedible."
Afterwards, my friends were alright, but I had quite an exciting bout of intestinal distress--and I'm the one with the iron stomach. We didn't have anything else, so it must have been the pizza. The pessimistic part of me wonders if there was anything intentional since we sent the first pizza back, but I hope that's not the case.
Crappy service, mediocre food, tepid water, and stomach cramps?
No thanks.The kennet mushroom pizza was really good!! Their beer & wine selection was pretty limited compared to other places of its kind but that's ok! The atmosphere was great! Good music & very very vibrant. Don't miss their dessert special! For only $5   We got a very generous portion of delicious chocolate mousse with a brownie bottom. A very delicious way to end our fun night at Zavino!Fresh, wood-fired pizza, yes please.  Some of the best pizza and gourmet flavor combos I've ever had, easily top 3 I've had in the city.  The crust is amazing.  So, I'm definitely one to use red chili pepper flakes, but seriously, you don't need any form of condiments to go with this pizza.  The pizza here is so thoughtfully handcrafted and tasty, it is perfect as is.  
They have a nice wine selection too.  
A bit crowded, and the tables are very close together, you can barely move around the table next to you without feeling like your ass is in their faces, but honestly, I crave this place, their pizza is fantastic, so that is the least of my concerns.I love wine and pizza and can be very picky about both at times. With that said, this place was perfect. Came here for sips on a Wednesday afternoon and the deal was 5 dollar house wine and 8 dollar margarita pizzas. I came with a group of 4 and we were immediately seated outside. Service was quick and pleasant and the food was delicious. This restaurant is a part of my favorite intersection ( 13th and Sansom) so it's a great location with plenty of places to explore after meal.I love Zavino! So much stuff going on in one little spot! 
I used to head over to this corner, chic, demi-fancy, however relaxed and delicious pizza dankness about once a week. For some reason I have a fetish for cheese and mushrooms and if you do too, they have a pizza that is MADE for your taste buds. Incorporating Kennett Shrooms and some spectacular cheesy goodness, they have crafted the pizza of my dreams and I will get it time and time again. I'll tell you something, although I have always ordered an appetizer there, which were always fabulous as well, any person I have taken there has always loved the pizza too. 
They are personal size, so sharing is caring and you can try numerous types of PIZZA-Amazingness. Also, the wine is delicious too...but when is wine not. 
Overall, thanks for the good times Zavino. I'll be back!I'm a huge fan of Zavino, although I am just getting a review of the place.  My wife and I love their pizzas.  They are excellent with thin, crisp, very well-seasoned crusts.  The cheese and salumi plates are excellent as well.  The cheese and meat is expertly selected and comes with a variety of fantastic accompaniments such as local honey and tasty mustards.  Nothing is left to chance here and even the pickled onion was outstanding.
The drinks are impressive and the wine selections cover every palate.  I have a wonderful Italian wine that complemented a beat and goat cheese salad perfectly and a Malbec that washed down my pizza on my last visit.
I highly recommend grabbing a spot at the bar with your amigos for a good time.  There is some outdoor seating but the entire restaurant feels open due to the large, removable windows that line just about every wall here.  It's a small restaurant so it may not be ideal for large groups but it is great for date night or smaller happy hour gatherings.
The service is fantastic and never steers you wrong.  I'm sure you'll enjoy it as much as I do.Amazing pizza!!! Decided to walk into this place one afternoon and found two seats very close to the oven, which was perfect since it was so cold outside! The service was great and we got our pizzas in less that 10 minutes!! They were so hot and delicious. You can definitely tell they use quality ingredients! The best pizza spot in Philly!!! We'll be back!Had to settle for this place since our fave pizza place, Nomad, was closed for the holiday. Poor service, black curly beard hair in my salad and portions were small for what it was. To compare Happy Hours, $8 margarita pizza here vs $5 margarita at Nomad (plus it's organic). Oh, and their sauce was saltyHad a perfect salad and pizza here last week. Went with the meatball pizza and butternut squash salad. Didn't disappointThe service here was top notch. Our waiter was extremely nice to us, even more so when she found out we were from out of town. 
We had 3 pizzas. I don't remember what they were called, but they were the first 3 on the menu. While they were quite delicious, they were burnt in more than a few places. 
We also had a bottle of chardonnay, which was decently priced. 
Rarely do I visit a place where the service is the best part about the experience. I doubt I'd return, even though there was nothing noticeably bad.Love this place! Very small but sooo worth it. The first time I went and ordered pizza and wine. Amazing wine selection and knowledgeable bartender. Gourmet pizza was so good, I special ordered one with goat cheese, motz, mushrooms , spinach and tomato. They forgot the mushrooms and felt so bad about it they gave me free dessert which I didn't even ask for. It was a rich chocolate fudge cheesecake with fudge topping. Absolutely amazing!  First impression was awesome, even after they messed up my pizza! 
So I went back another time and the service was wonderful on a packed Fri night.  The lady at the door told me who was paying their bill at the bar seats, so I knew who to stand behind and grab their seats first when they got up. How helpful!!  Wine amazing, super friendly staff, and amazing gourmet pizza. The sweet potato gnocchi is also delicious. And prices are really affordable, especially for center city.  I will always come back to zavino!Excellent service & friendly staff-- tasting boards-- mix and match of cheeses and Italian cured meats with mustard and sweet dipping sauce!  All dishes delicious and colorful!  Freshly made gluten free crust was made for me vs. flour tortillas -- awesome wine list -- comfortable environment -- crowded but no one makes you feel like you need to leave!  Fabulous place!!  A must to dine for lunch!This place is a gem.  I was visiting Phily with my wife and daughter this past weekend and decided to stop by for some lunch.  The server was extremely friendly and attentive.  They accommodated my almost 2 year old daughter with a cool highchair type device that straps to a normal chair.  She thought it was the coolest thing.
Back to the restaurant. ..there isn't a tremendous amount of seating but a few tables, several seats at the bar and a few outdoor seats.  The ambiance is cozy and the overall lighting is dim giving it a nice low key feel.
I'm a pizza snob, I admit and my other reviews clearly demonstrate that fact, so I was pleasantly surprised at how great the pizza's were here!  We ordered the Stache and the Margherita pizzas.  Both were excellent.  The cheeses were fresh, as was the sauce.  The crust was brilliant, nice char on the bottom, perfect crispy thinness but still chewy.  The outer crust had a nice rise.  The crust also had a great flavor to it.  The pistachio pesto on the Stache was very well balanced and complemented the arugula they put on top after it's out of the oven.  I would recommend this place if your looking for a true artisan pizza.Visiting from Charleston and we stopped to eat at this corner bistro. Walking in we saw plates of fresh vegetables that had been roasted waiting to be served. It is a small corner spot and we had to wait but so glad we did. We ordered a pork ragu fettuccini, meatballs and a sopressata pizza. The fettuccini was fresh and the pork ragu had a dense tomato sauce with chunks of pork and just sweet enough. The meatballs were equally spiced with pork and veal and stuffed with ricotta. The spices were spot on and not overwhelming. Pizza we'll if you like bubbly crust and fresh mozzarella then dive in. We were full but wanted something sweet so we topped it off with tiramisu, perfect creamy melt in your  mouth deliciousness. Amazing meal and great service. You will enjoy the ambiance and walk away feeling satisfied.Been to this location twice. Nice staff, quick service and delicious food. The outside seating is tight but worth it on nice nights. 
The dough for their pizza top notch!  Plus you can't beat happy hour wine :-)Since my first review, I've been here many, many a time. Never disappointed by anything. I've had truffle macncheese, lobster ravioli, bruschetta of all kinds, meat and cheese plates, the Kennett, the Joey, Diavolo, Stache countless times, veal meatballs. It doesn't get old, there are always new seasonal changes, it's exciting and delicious. 
Try the strawberry basil lemonade! Order it all, you won't regret it. We shared a Stache pizza, the lobster ravs, baby jesus and kunik platter, and I had the lemonade for $52.  I would do it all over again today.I keep trying other pies around town but Zavino is hands down the best pie in the city. nuff said.Love this place - great pizza and loads of interesting small plates.  The only reason that I can't give 5 is that it is too cramped in there - take out a table near the door and let us breathe a little.Creative Italian comfort food. I had beef stew and leek ravioli. The daily specials were all tempting and as someone who loves fall food, I was excited by their use of squash, pumpkin etc. 
The standard menu was primarily limited to brick oven pizzas with great fresh toppings. The stuffed veal meatball pizza is my favorite but there are a number of good options.
I watched the bartender wrap blue cheese stuffed olives in prosciutto and then drop the delectable mix into a dirty martini. I will most definitely return for one of those.Just go for the ricotta flatbread. So good, happy hour 430 to 630 its only 6. Just yum. Ravioli was great, decor is trendy, and staff, Kaylee was fantastic. Great Drexel eatery, with drink specials too.Tonight I met baby Jesus and he was good... I had no idea he was a salami. 
First, the wine here is way overpriced. Second, I couldn't find any pastas on the menu so anyone who reads a review raving about the pastas and then actually finds one... please let me know. 
But! The pizza is definitely worth the trip! It's a neat place - kinda pricey, kinda not really worth it, but yummy none the less. Very creative.The idea of trendy pizza place makes me nervous... surprisingly, Zavino is not douchey. Hurray. Their creative pizzas are respectably inexpensive.  
Get over here fast, they are giving out wine while their liquor license is pending! 
Hopefully they get a handle on the extreme heat that radiates from the oven to the seating area.Zavino is amazing. We have been city-dwellers for 4+ years now and this is our go to place. Amazing wine list and tapas. Literally anything you order is delicious. Perfect Italian place. The service is excellent!Great pizza and friendly bar staff. Grabbed a quick meal as I was waiting for an Airbnb host to arrive to let me in. Was super quick too and had a great seat to watch the footballGot the Kennett and Joey pizzas as well as the Brussels sprouts. Loved both pizzas but the Kennett was especially savory. Maybe it was the bechamel? Loved the dough used here. Not too dense and chewy to the right degree. And i loved how the pizzas and sprouts were charred!Daily specials are worth a look. Casual dinning. Good spot for travellers looking for a good meal. Happy hour is a good deal, $3 off beer and $4 to $5 off a glass of wine. Great staff, same as last time I was here a year ago, so that speaks for itself.....Definitely a small space and not too comfortable, especially when sitting outside where the block is bustling and people are walking by, staring at your plates. I had a homeless guy on the corner screaming (maybe singing?) for a good half hour, but the food here is killer and the service is great. I have had almost all their pizzas and have never once been disappointed.Zavino is always a good choice if you're feeling a quality, gourmet pizza and some good wine. Along with the pizza, get the ricotta!I came to Zavino with a colleague one evening during a business trip. at the recommendation of a former Philly resident. Let's start with the service. As a party of two waltzing in on a Tuesday night, we were happy to snag the very last table in the restaurant. It seemed to have our names on it! Our waitress was attentive, refilling our water and such, but not being overbearing. 
We shared the bruschetta, butternut squash salad, beef short ribs, and a margherita pizza. The bruschetta was...interesting. Certainly an unusual take on the dish, but I wasn't in love with it. The butternut squash salad had an interesting combination of flavors and textures. I like that they used farro, which is an uncommon but very suitable grain for this salad. The margarita pizza and beef short ribs were winners.
As we exited the restaurant, we noticed a ton of trendy-looking restaurants and bars up the street. I'll probably be keeping the Arts District in my back pocket for my next go-round in Philadelphia!I came here while I was visiting Philly and I have to say I absolutely loved this restaurant! It's very unassuming and casual. The menu is simple - pizza, pastas, salads and small plates. 
I had missed lunch because of a busy afternoon and came here for an early dinner. The waitress was friendly and she quickly sat me down and gave me the menu. I ask her what could be made vegan and gluten free in the pizza options and she mentioned that they could do the Kennett without the béchamel and replace it with red sauce. The Kennett comes with crimini, oyster and shiitake mushrooms, roasted onions and rosemary. 
The service was so quick! Within 10 minutes of ordering my pizza - it was fresh and ready on my table. This was by far the best gluten free pizza I have ever had. And I have tried plenty of places - the gluten free pizzas typically are thin but something you just want a thick crust. And this was exactly that! The toppings were a great matching with the base. 
My one word of caution is to eat the gluten free pizza fresh here rather than taking out and reheating. It just doesn't taste the same. 
I would definitely come here again and recommend others to come here as well. The atmosphere is quiet and relaxed and it's a great place to enjoy a delicious meal with friends and family. My only question to them is - when are you opening up in NYC??The rosa pizza (without the cheese) is surprisingly very delicious. Who even eats pizza without cheese?!! Been here 3 times and always had their pizzas. The ambience is dimly lit, which creates this relaxing atmosphere and makes the pizza beer combo even more laid back and chill. The assorted fresh olives on the appetizer are exoticCute corner spot (a bit small inside) but has outdoor seating as well. Must order the ricotta appetizer! They give the option for full or 1/2 glass of wineWe were frequent diners to this neighborhood spot but our last visit there will be the last. I paid too much to be lied to about what I'm paying for. I'm a culinary school trained chef and I know a little about food. The manager treated me rudely when I complained there was no kale in my kale Caesar salad then when she returned with a "new one" she insisted it also had kale in it. It did not. We were regulars and knew exactly what the salad was supposed to look and taste like. I would have been fine if they were honest about it but I was offended because they openly lied to me and I had to pay for the mistake.No one's pizza is as good as Zavino. I feed my addiction monthly and last night had the pear salad and polpettini pizza. I love the cozy atmosphere, the wonderful aroma, and the friendly service.Went here because we didn't feel like waiting 2 hours for El Vez across the street. This actually became one of my favorite spots in Philly. Good beer, amazing pizza and killer atmosphere.Stopped by after a day of walking around in philly for some snacks. Happy hour from 4-7 on a Monday, so our timing couldn't be better. Ordered the margarita pizza and a couple of drinks. Pizza was above average. Drinks were cheap. We will definitely go back for dinner. Really like the decor. Cozy place.Amazing food and ambiance. Enjoyed the Kennett pizza, the statche pizza and the spaghetti squash. All very good. The statche has a delicious wheat crust, pistachio pasta, mozzarella, baby arugula and lemon vinaigrette. Absolutely delicious. The spaghetti squash is an amazing starter. They have a ton of super delicious vegetarian options. Would definitely recommend it to friends. And look forward to coming back to try other dishes. 
WouldWe are here Saturday night. When we arrived, we were told we'd have an hour and 15 minute wait. It ended up being 25 minutes. 
It's a small place. I don't like to be in tight places, but it was ok. Good service. We ordered a meat and cheese plate which was good and a salad which was ok. A little pricier than we thought. The bread that came with the meat and cheese board was really good.Nice atmosphere, but a little loud. Food was fresh and delicious. Good service and nice wine list.Well, first off, I was only here for drinks.  I will be back again to try the delicious smelling pizza!  I just ordered 2 drinks: a Hoegarden & their peach sangria.  The peach sangria was fantastic.  I was a bit hot and needed a nice, cool drink.  Needless to say, the peach sangria with a bit of rosemary and prosecco hit the spot.
Next time back I'll be having some pizza and a couple of peach sangrias.  Great location as well right on the corner and it has the extra benefit of having the windows all open up on one side so there is outdoor seating.  Will be great during the Fall months.It's not hard to find a good meal and a nice glass of wine in Center City. It's not easy to find those things together for less than $20, though, so I'm glad Zavino stepped in to fill the gap between fancy BYOs and divey bars. 
The place is small and well-appointed, with rustic wood and exposed brick, a long bar and a big cool-looking metal wine rack behind it. Prepare to be elbow-to-elbow with your servers and fellow diners, and pray hard that no one spills anything. The close quarters give this place a convivial vibe, and you'll have plenty of opportunity to ogle other people's food before you order.
All of the small vegetable starter dishes are tempting, and I recommend the roasted beets: a few firm, flavorful bites each of red and yellow beets, with pistachios, olive oil and creme fraiche, I think - whatever it is, it's delicious. Pizza is thin and tasty, with a chewy, slightly charred crust and simple, well-chosen toppings. The size is perfect for one really hungry person, one not-so-hungry person who wants to take a couple slices home, or two people to share.
The wine list, with about a dozen choices each of red and white, is relatively diverse and inexpensive. The beer list is a snooze - stick to the grape stuff here. 
One last thing about the humble, omnipresent glass of water: Zavino's is just the right temperature and tastes really good.Came here on vacation with some friends last month and had a very unfortunate experience. At first the hostess told us there was a 45 minute wait, so we went outside to discuss whether we waited to wait. We decided to wait, so my friend went back in, but he was told it was only a five minute wait. 
We had gnocchi, a cheese/charcuterie plate, the pistachio pizza (light arugula), and a few different wines. Everything was good. 
The waitress was friendly and attentive. But the guys who make the pizza would not stop staring at our table and made me very uncomfortable. Eventually the manager (Justin) joined in the staring, and when I confronted him he said he was just looking around the restaurant to make sure no one left without paying, and then started to go on and on about some guy who did that the week before. 
He didn't apologize, or show any concern for the creeping. He implied I was mistaken (my table was all the way in the back -- no more than 5 feet from them), and my male friend had to jump into the conversation to defend me before he said he would "talk to the guys." 
I'm sure they'll survive, but it's really unfortunate that this all happened, and I'd be doing a disservice to other customers not to write about my disappointing experience.This place is rock solid.  Stopped in for a bite with a friend on a Saturday and there wasn't an empty seat in the house the entire time we were there.  I usually get the brussels sprouts and the Diavolo but this time opted for the cauliflower and The Joey - sausage was seasoned perfectly.  Food comes out straight from the oven. Service has always been friendly and engaging.  Great spot for a pizza!Small place with indoor and outdoor seating specializing in innovative pizzas. Bartender is friendly and attentive. Drinks are good and they have a decent beer selection. The tasting board is very generous and very well priced. Definitely a good hh spot.Every time I come to Philly, I end up walking past Zavino saying to myself "I'll come back". This time fate was on our side. My small trio wanted to eat at a nearby Mexican spot but there was an hour wait. Lo and behold, Zavino was across the street. Despite it being crowed, we were able to get a seat in less than 10 minutes. The atmosphere is intimate, dark, and cozy.  The staff was pleasant enough. 
I ordered the spaghetti squash and we all shared a veggie pizza. The spaghetti squash was so good! I should smack myself as a vegetarian for never eating it. Even my meat loving bf enjoyed it. The pizza was great also! We would have gotten another but we ended up being full. Zavino is definitely a spot to check out.Solid food. Great happy hour. Yummy pizza options, salads and cheese boards. Don't take Amex.Why am I just finding out about this delicious Pizza! I went here for mothers day while my mother was in town from Georgia and we were both instantly in love. My sister calls it "the place with the best pizza ever." This is definitely what pizza is supposed to taste like love it!We have been waiting for Zavino to open and finally made it there tonight. The pizzas brought me back to my favorite trattoria in Rome. The crust is just perfect -- thin, yet with a nice chewy texture; it is delicious! Chef Steve Gonzalez perfected the Italian style pizza crust and topped it with really fresh ingredients. We tried 2 pizzas: Kennett, a white pizza named for its locally grown mushrooms, and Sopressata. I really liked the Sopressata. For appetizers, we had 'Baby Jesus'; I know . . . we ate 'Baby Jesus', I'm sorry . . . It's a salami that tastes like mild prosciutto. For desert, we had chocolate cake and a well brewed french press coffee which hit the mark. All that food for 2 people came to less than $40! We had a great meal.
Besides the food, Steve got other important things right . . . His stay in Italy must have made him part Italian. He walks around and talks to his customers just like the chefs there do. Over there, I always felt like the chef was welcoming me into his home, and Steve seems to be trying to create that same experience.
The restaurant is also open very late: Sun-Wed till 11pm, Thu-Sat till 2am. That, again, is very Italian. Hitting the pizzeria after 9pm, usually after a long happy hour, for late supper before going home is a great way to cure the happy hour pangs and prevent hang overs. 
Zavino is bring that lifestyle to Philly!
I really love this place. Congrats Steve!Cute place, good food. We had the roasted cauliflower, cheese/meats, pizza & a salad- wine & a mixed drink. It was all great and the staff was very attentive. Good food & good service, cozy atmosphere.Zavino is delicious. I've now been there twice, both times in a group of 2. We ordered 2 "small plates" and a pizza to share. The small plates are great -- particularly good were the octopus, the beets and ricotta, and the grilled asparagus. The pizza is delicious: the sauce is sweet and tangy, the crust is thin and crisp. Its a wine bar, but the beer list is terrific. Highly recommended.I grabbed dinner here with my friend on Friday evening after a long day spent exploring the city. Being Valentine's Day weekend and a Friday, it was a pretty busy night for restaurants, so we sat at the bar to avoid the wait. The service was very quick despite it being a full house.
I had the gnocchi and was impressed. They were delicious, fresh, and pillowy soft with a cherry tomato sauce and parmesan. Extremely simple but delicious. They seem to pay a lot of attention to quality while keeping things uncomplicated.
We had a great view of the pizza prep area and oven, and the pizzas coming out looked absolutely delicious. I'd definitely like to try one if I make it back here!If you sit outside while eating at this amazing establishment you actually feel the jealousy of passers by. Not because of some Philadelphia Mag BS article about a restaurant being impossible to get a table at, but for the shear factor that when the cheeses, truffle oils, apetizers and these amazing pizzas start flying around your table there really isn't anywhere you need to be.  Wine list was decent and the service competent, but these creative and delectable pizza selections make it worthwhile just about every time.  Go..I won't ruin it by reciting the menu just to increase the word count...One of my favorite restaurants in the city! Great service and food. Been here a few times, but tonight my friends and I all shared the small plate-eggplant parm, two salads- warm shrimp avocado and the beet salad and two pizzas- the Joey and the stache. Everything was fresh and delicious. Even the cocktails. We tried the savannah, the sangria and the tequila daisy. Definitely have to check this place out if you haven't yet. You won't be disappointed!Being new to the Philly area from the Midwest I use Yelp for just about everything and anything under the sun and trust the judegments of yelpers so much I downloaded the app!!!
The staff was professional, and honest about their menue selection, but I couldn't give it a five star due to the small seating! My husband and I felt as the people sitting next to us were dining with us and I have to agree! Whoever said their pizza wasn't that great: are you serious?
Oh and the octopus salad was yummy!!! Just the right combination of everything mixed!Chill spot to grab a beer or glass of wine. Solid happy hour. Medium Pizza Margherita for $8 and $3 draft. Pizza was delicious. Great lighting and open windows and outdoor seating when its warm. It was the only spot I could find on 13th street that wasn't packed like crazy. Great place to have a conversation. Not sure why it doesn't get more love.Headed down to 13th street on Friday afternoon for Happy Hour with no plan.  Decided upon Zavino and was very pleased with the decision.  We arrived around 5:15 and were seated immediately at a nice table outside.
They had some nice happy hour specials ($8 margherita pizza).  We settled in with the pizza and a summer ale and wine.  Ordered another round of drinks and also dabbled into the gnocchi small plate.  Ended up being around $35 with tip.  That's a success in my book.  Servers and staff were both pleasant and attentive.Even with such good reviews, I think this spot is underrated. This place never goes wrong when I feel like some straightforward and tasty casual Italian food and some good wine. The spot is small but really trendy, and has outdoor seating when weather permits. On the inside, the exposed wood-burning oven creates a pleasant rustic ambience. The pizza is pretty darn good. The appetizers and salad are also delicious. They have a pretty solid wine list as well. I've been here several times and have enjoyed every meal. This place is ideal for a date. I highly recommend!Went for lunch yesterday.  Yummy and unique selections.  Good service.  I would return.Oh. My. Goodness. I could go on for days about how much I love this place, but I'll just say this: It is my opinion that wine + cheese is one of the the best combinations invented (chocolate + peanut butter and beer + pizza) and that Zavino's delivers spectacularly on both fronts. Needless to say, I was a fast fan. I've only been there twice in the short time I've lived in Philly but I foresee many more visits in my future. 
Specifics: The tasting board is a great way to sample a few items and is great for sharing, and the wines I've tried based on recommendations from the server and bartender have all been great. Their pizza is quite good and we also enjoyed the caprese we split as a group. All in all, hard to go wrong at this place.Tiny spot at the intersection of a few really great Philly restaurants (Raw, Barbuzzo, Lolitas), given the places around it I had not made it in there in my 5 years in Philly until last night.  Sat at the bar, which is not very comfortable for eating but unfortunately our only option for evening rush hour.
Pleasantly surprised, the pizza was delicious.  First though, got appetizers: brussel sprouts and veal meatballs.  Both were good, maybe a B - B+.  For pizza we got the Joey and the Diavolo.  Both were good, however the Diavolo was the more memorable of the two.  Complimented the food with a cocktail (winter fashioned, good but more of an iceberg than a cocktail) and glass of Malbec.
Food is well priced, but with the drinks the final bill was a bit higher than expected for 3 people (~$150).Ordered a pizza which was very good but by the time I was done it was soggy. Sauce is very thin but good. Next time I would order light sauce or on the sideGREAT!!!  Great specialty pizza, great prices, fast and courteous service.  What else could you ask for?!
Make sure you order one of the pizzas off the menu -- don't order a "pepperoni & mushroom".  We had the Joey and it was fantastic.  If I lived in Philly I would be eating here at least a couple times per month.I had a bad experience there. I dont want to give all the details, too many. Dont want it to appear to be beating them up. I guess it was a bad night. One suggestion, put some cheese on the pizza. ThanksIf you're in town visiting Philly this is an excellent place for dinner. The swift wait time was minimal and the service phenomenal. The $8 margarita happy hour pizza was a good fire roasted pizza, made fresh at the restaurant. The gnocchi, also made in house, was soft and covered in cheese and delicious marinara sauce. Another must have is the Stache pizza-a new take on pesto pizza and I highly recommend. Finally the veal meatballs were also very good!!On Yelp's recommendation, I took my wife here on our 6th wedding anniversary. The only bad thing I can say is that the seating arrangement is quite cramped, and the wooden seats are very uncomfortable. But the food was phenomal. We ordered the eggplant parm; the brick oven flavor made it the best I've ever tasted.I think a major flaw in many restaurants is when you can tell that the chef has changed.  They sort of lose their identity, and Zavino is no exception.  Their once Mediterranean themed  purist pizza ideal has lost credibility with the addition of cajun chicken pizza and Southern style menu offerings.  Maybe it was just an experiment gone wrong (hopefully).  The pizza sauce has changed too, unfortunately for the worse.
I obviously skipped the chicken pizza for another special (egg, truffle, cheese) which I really wanted to be good and sounded delicious but was terribly underwhelming.  It lacked any depth of flavor and really needed salt.
The service is always extremely pleasant and a definite plus, the space itself is cramped but okay on an off-night.  Their other food was good.  The wine and beer is decent, cocktails need work.  
most importantly- please. get. an. air. conditioner.I went to zavino with my best friend Jay because Zavino is on the top spot for good pizzas. Zavino seems to be very tiny and the seatings are too small to feel comfortable for my taste. The overall ambiance seems pleaseant though. We started off with the Spinach salad which was delicous and rich in goat cheese flavor. The brusse sprout seems a bit less tasty than the spinach salad. Then the entrees came the stacche pizza and i have to say it was amazing. It has a rich vege flavor and loved the cheese. It went very well with our Pinot grigio. It was a good experience overall, but I would probably prefer a better seating spot if I were to go out on a date.Dropped by for dinner on a Tuesday night - place was buzzing - great people watching.  Nabbed the last table in the corner with a great view of the oven.   Watched those pizzas and other dishes fly in and out.  Shared the veggie board, plopettini pizza, and a bottle of red wine.  Noticed that the veggie board changed composition with each order -  basically simple grilled vegetables - cauliflower, bell peppers, carrots, etc. with a brush of olive oil and maybe balsamic vinegar.  We ate every bite.  Delicious and fun evening.Good happy hour! Their pizza was really good and so were their meatballs! Great ambience especially in good weather. Their bacon wrapped dates were really good, loved the blue cheese inside!First time visiting. Had an early dinner and the food was excellent!  Highly recommend the spaghetti squash, gnocchi, and the tiramisu for dessert. Everything was very fresh and seasoned well. Next time I'll have to try the pizza, it looks great.Good vibe and tasty food!
We had a party of 6 visit for dinner and had a good experience.  The interior is arranged to create dining "areas" throughout the restaurant, which gives off a more intimate feel and the semi open kitchen adds to the overall atmosphere. 
During our visit we sampled 4 different pizzas, calamari, the gnocchi, and steak skewer. The pizzas were delicious! Perfectly fired with a light crust. We sampled the Polpettini (meatball), Short Rib (caramelized onions, short rib, and alfredo), Rosa (garlic slices on top), and the Magrherita.  All had the right amount of toppings and were not overloaded. 
The gnocchi were enjoyed and had the right amount of sauce and cheese on top. The steak skewers were cooked perfectly with the right amount of char on them.  I was very pleased with the calamari, the lightness of the breading balanced well with the butteriness of the calamari. 
Overall, we were very pleased with our visit and would return to try some of their other small plates.Pizza and salads are very nice. It's a little pricey, but the ambience is worth it.It's good but not amazing. I appreciate artisan pizza but the dough was dry and tough, there were way too many leaves on it, they were falling all over the place. They were out of their berries dessert which is the only one that appealed to me. Stella's is much better.We were walking by Zavinos the other day and liked the looks of the place so dropped in for a quick, light lunch. We both ordered their chopped salad and neither of us were all that impressed. For $11 it is small, not very many vegetables and doesn't come with crackers, pita bread..nothing! Giving the place 4 stars because the service was good, and other items on the menu and being consumed around us looked great. Especially the pizzas! We will dine here again.Mediocre food. It was also the waiter's first (and apparently last) day, so the service was not that great either. No real complaints though, since the price is about what you'd expect for the quality.Un excellent restaurant où déguster des pizzas italiennes et créatives, et déguster de bons vins au bar, ou attablés. La décoration du restaurant est créative, un cadre industriel qui s'accorde avec le Philadelphie qui est urbanisé.
Nous n'avons pas goûté les vins car nous devions prendre la route par la suite, mais la carte des vins est plutôt intéressante. Mélange de vins américains et de vins du monde.
Les pizzas étaient tout simplement sublimes. Rien à dire là-dessus. Un vrai régal !
Le service est discret et efficace à la fois.
Un bon restaurant à essayer, pour bien manger, dans un décor agréable !Zavino is a newer restaurant in University City and is located on Drexel University's campus.  I noticed the restaurant one day while traversing campus and decided to dine here with my girlfriend for lunch shortly afterwards.  The restaurant has outdoor seating as well as indoor seating and a bar.  The restaurant has a very nice layout and feels like a more modern Italian restaurant.  I really enjoyed the environment in this restaurant as it attempted to make the customers feel at home with the decorations and pictures.  The waitress we received was very friendly and nice which added a plus to our dining experience.  
My girlfriend and I decided to share a variety food options here to try a handful of different items on the menu.  In the small plates section, we ordered the veal and ricotta meatballs.  These meatballs were very good and provided a nice flavor.  Secondly, we had a meat and cheese plate consisting of a specialty meat called "Baby Jesus", which I found a bit odd, and a cheese called Scharfe Maxx.  Both the meat and cheese were very good and went well with the bread and seasonings offered with the dish.  The only thing I didn't understand was the name of the meat but I don't want to get involved with a religious debate over cured meat names.  
Next, we decided to order their pasta special at the time which was squid ink pappardelle pasta and it was very good.  I personally enjoy trying different types of food, so when I had the opportunity to share squid ink pasta with my girlfriend, I had to accept.  Lastly, we decided to go out on the limb and order The Hacina, which is a spicy rock shrimp pizza.  The pizza came to the table basically layered in salad which was an interesting display for a pizza.  The pizza was good but it was very spicy, literally being one of the spicier food items that I have eaten in recent years.  My only complaint is that we ordered everything at once, so it ended up being piled up on our small table which made maneuverability and space an issue.  Either way, dealing with the overcrowding of food wasn't an issue as everything was pretty good.
Overall, I had a nice experience at Zavino and I would recommend it to anybody interested in having a casual, modern dining experience.Yummy pizzas and small plates just like the other Zavino on 13th. Street.  But this location also has a great brunch on Saturdays.  Make sure to try Carlos's cinnamon roll (see picture). It's really good!We went to this excellent place for dinner and thoroughly enjoyed it. To start, I had a modest spinach salad with pine nuts, cherry tomatoes, and goat cheese dressing. While the salad may have been average, the ravioli that followed was delicious and perfectly portioned! It was a four cheese ravioli served with a perfectly spiced red sauce. Other members of the party were impressed with their margarita pizza with mushrooms, though it was slightly burnt. Great food and great overall experience!Arrived around 7 on a Tuesday and waited about 20 minutes before being seated. I viewed this as a good thing and I believe that it was well worth the wait. We ordered their special Mediterranean pizza, the small plate ricotta and tornarelli (a handout pasta). All three were cooked to perfection. The prices were reasonable and the portions were more than adequate. Sarah, our waitress was average but polite. I will certainly be going back.Went for happy hour. My wife and I had the margarita pizza and both got violently ill. I won't be coming here ever again.I'd heard so much about Zavino that I was really excited when a friend suggested we go for lunch one day. We ordered the margherita pizza and the spinach salad between the two of us, paid ~$20 dollars each, and left to get more food elsewhere for cheaper. The food itself wasn't bad, but it also wasn't phenomenal, and the portions seemed small for the cost. Glad I tried it once, but overall underwhelming.The Joey pizza is AWESOME!!! Fresh herbs, spices, ingredients lovingly combined into one of the best pizzas ever! Sit at the bar and  Codi, the bartendress, will spoil the heck out of you! Happy hour red wine was delish too!This review is only for the happy hour -- looking forward to trying it for lunch/dinner soon!
Came here for their 4:30-6:30 happy hour after class and was not disappointed. They have nice outdoor seating, but we opted to sit inside. They have a few food and drink options for happy hour, and I decided on their $3 (can't beat that price) beer as well as the margarita pizza and the ricotta. Loved the ricotta - it comes with this nice fluffy bread, and the ricotta itself is really creamy and tasty. The pizza was really tasty too: light and hot out of the oven. 
Can't wait to try their other pizza and some of their other menu items! Also the pricing is great, I was pretty full after sharing with my friend and it definitely was easy on the wallet.Fantastic food!  I had the Joey Pizza and it was incredible!  Great service and beautiful atmosphere!  I highly recommend this great place!!another great experience at Zavino. 
This time I tried the Caesar salad, and they add pine nuts and sundried tomatoes for a nice twist! Very good.
I didn't care for the pistachio pesto on the Stache pie, but it was still a solid pizza.
The ricotta and soppressata small plates were exceptional, you get tons of bread with both as well. 
The chocolate mousse mason jar was amazing! So rich and creamy, great for sharing. 
Lovely place to sit outside! Quick and friendly service.This place is my go to favorite. Delicious and affordable. The food is consistently good and their wine/drinks changes often so there's something different each time. LOVE itBasically a very fancy pizza place lol 
Interior/Exterior: Like the vibe. Very chill and very classy outside as well on a nice summer's day. Candle lit at night time with very good seat structures as well. Romance points!
Food: 
Ravioli w/ Ricotta Cheese Special: Not worth it at all. I don't usually go for the specials bc the waiter/waitresses always talk so fast but this SOUNDED really good. However when it came out it was like 5 small pieces of ravioli with some cheddar cheese on them and small pieces of shrimp for a overpriced meal. This is no one's fault but my own bc I should have not chose this meal and should have went for the pizza instead
Flatbread w/ Ricotta: The best thing here. Bread is soft and ricotta is so fluffy omg. You have to get a combo of this and another meal. Very light but filling so perfect app.
Overall: Good place to check out. The ravioli really threw me off to come back here however the flatbread is a must to try!LOVED this place!!! Has this interesting industrial/vintage feel to it. Service was excellent. We came here for a few beers and was cheap! $5 beer! We will come back when we are back in Philly! Thank you :)omg the food was so good!! the pizza was perfect! cool place ..see me back there very  soon.One of my colleagues and I went to Zavino for lunch a few weeks ago. Sadly the insanely loud construction across the street hampers the ability to enjoy the outdoor seating. We each ordered a salad with grilled chicken, which were ample-sized for lunch. My avocado salad was very good, but surprisingly light on the dressing. I usually prefer really light dressing, but this was nearly non-existent. His pesto Caesar salad was awesome..I would definitely order that again. The option for still or sparkling water is a nice touch, and the other menu items looked great. I will definitely be back to try the pizza soon!Words cannot express how overjoyed I am to have Zavino in University City! I am now only a 5-minute walk from fairly priced, freshly made pasta and tasty desserts in fun mason jars. There is not much else I need to be happy. 
I am not giving this location that fifth star, however, for two reasons: 
1) The squash in the kale salad I ordered was not cooked until tender.
2) While Zavino's pizza crust has great flavor, the margherita sauce is lacking. 
Despite these flaws, the quality of Zavino surpasses that of other restaurants in the area. It has easily become my new go-to spot in University City.Food and service was excellent, but I can't give them 5 stars as NO hot beverages are available. No Lattes, cappuccinos, coffees teas....NADA. ;-(Awesome pizza and food!  Great atmosphere, sit outside before the winter comes!  Get the Margherita pizza and the cheese plate.Great pizza.  2 nd visit. Both places have an excellent product. Charred crust. Tart tomatoes good motzarella and fresh spices.Another great evening at Zavino-  Started with a bottle of Dolcetto, simply delightful! Wonderful wine selection for those connoisseurs.  The ricotta is delicious, whipped and creamy followed by the short rib ravioli and the gnocchi...both superb! Vegetable medley of roasted beets, carrots and broccoli were creatively spiced up and kept our taste buds curious. The vibe of the restaurant is interactive, from the chef to the staff... they all seem to have your dining experience in mind!! We will return again soon.
 Keep up the good work Zavino!This place was great! Rosemary flatbread with fresh ricotta was delicious and the pizza with arugula was also fantastic. I will definitely be back.Great service recovery.  Our waitress was overwhelmed  (busy night) and we received our salad last.
Pizza and ravioli were excellent choices.
Great atmosphere .... 
The tiramsu (aka service recovery) was sin in a mini mason jar.This place isn't bad but not anything to write home about. Service was adequate, my food came out quickly. Prices are very expensive for what you get. I ordered a Caesar salad and pepperoni pizza. Salad was good, pizza was average at best. Would try again if I was in the area but wouldn't be my first choice.Amazing Margarita Pizza, and Fettuccine with Pork Ragu, highly recommend both!! Prices are decently priced, not too expensive or cheap. Great atmosphere and awesome seating outsideWent here for lunch today w/ my Mom. Zavino has been on my radar for quite awhile now as I have heard so many great things. First things first: Their small plate portion on the menu is awesome. Everything looks so good! It was hard to choose. We ended up ordering the eggplant parmesan and it was fantastic. The sauce along with the tomatoes on the side were excellent. 
We then shared a margherita pizza. Perfectly sized for two people and just enough food to share! Pizza was pretty good. When I come back I will probably try something different. We ordered fairly quick because I had to catch a train home shortly so we went with something simple. Staff was friendly and efficient. At one point I had knocked over the pizza holder (blonde moment) and someone immediately ran over to help. 
Very impressed with Zavino!We ordered three pizzas: margherita (HH special), diavolo, and stache. The margherita and diavolo were delicious but the stache was disappointing. I love arugula but it's overwhelming and lacks flavor. 
Great place in University City. Lovely decor, relaxed atmosphere, and most importantly .. excellent customer service. Perfect for happy hour!Great happy hour deals. I got the pizza from the happy hour menu which was really good. A friend got the flatbread with ricotta dip which I wasn't that crazy about. The ricotta had very little flavor to it. Would definitely go back.We had a reasonably-sized group for Happy Hour, so this review is based solely on that. Since they don't take reservations we still gave them a heads up we had about 12 people coming. The staff was more than accommodating and friendly in letting us decide to change our plans and stay inside, rather than the area they prepared outside because it was so bleeping hot. The restaurant itself is very appealing in decor and design. I felt comfortable and was looking forward to what the restaurant had to offer. We kept it simple, ordering some flat breads, including one with the house made ricotta (delicious!) and a margarita pizza, enough to share between 4 people. Everything was well seasoned and perfectly cooked. We enjoyed every bite! The service was well paced and we didn't feel rushed to leave, even after paying the bill. The drink specials were plentiful and we left talking about when we could come back, this time for dinner.Excellent. I make my own sauce at home and I thought the tomato sauce on the spaghetti squash was spectacular! Also, the tasting board was to die for. I will be back!!!Went to Zavino after work yesterday with friends/co-workers. This is our usual go-to after work because of it's close proximity to our job & ease of access to get home after. But service was terrible!
I actually sat at the bar while waiting for friends and the bartender service was great. When my friends got there we moved outside & that's when service went down. 
We were sitting outside, ordered a round of wine and it took 30 mins to get. I even stopped the manager to tell him we were waiting. He said he would go to the bar, get our drinks but never returned to our table with drinks or an explanation. But I saw him take drinks to other tables. 
The bar/restaurant was not packed or busy. I've been there when it was busy. 
Service at Zavino has really declined over the last year or so. You can tell there's been a change in management & staff.Delicious pizza and a Caesar salad to die for! I wasn't crazy about about the pasta options as there weren't many, but overall a nice addition to university city.I've only been here once, but will definitely be back! Everything was delicious! A few friends and I went after work for a quick happy hour, and was very impressed with the look/feel of the restaurant, the knowledgeable servers and the amazing food! And they have a great happy hour, with prices that are actually reasonable - which is often times hard to find in the city. Pizza is yummy, meatballs delish, and their house-made ricotta with rosemary flat-bread was by far the best thing on the menu. Great job!I had a terrible experience here because I was seated at a table by the bar in an area that should not have dining tables (cocktail tables would be okay). Loud revelers were crowding my space with their various body parts, threatening to spill their drinks on my head (one woman spilled her wine but fortunately not on my head), and one even shook her head enough to drop hair on my pizza (disgusting).
The server came to take our order and deliver our drinks and basically never came back. (She probably couldn't push through all those people crowding the table.) I finished my drink and wanted to get another but after 15 minutes she still hadn't returned. When she finally pushed people out of the way and emerged at our table, we asked for the bill. Ten minutes later and no sign of her. Instead, we continued to suffer from people pushing into us along with cackling and shrieking so loud we couldn't hear ourselves speak.
Two stars are for the food: calamari, veal and ricotta meatballs, and Margherita pizza. But it wasn't good enough to entice us to return.Love zavino! Whenever I'm craving pizza I always get The Joey. The pizzas are thin crusted, quickly made to order, and filling. The workers here are very nice and on top of their game. I have yet to try anything else on the menu, but you can never go wrong with their gourmet pizzas!Was here twice in a week-long seminar and had great experiences both times. Sat at the bar as I was dining alone, and Sean (1st time) and the young lady the 2nd time (sorry it didn't get your name) were terrific bartenders (didn't hurt that Sean is a very sweet beefcake,  with apologies for objectifying him). The steak, potatoes and Brussels sprouts were wonderful, perfectly cooked, fresh and more than I was expecting at the price. Sean's wine suggestion paired great with it. Came back later in the week for happy hour dinner of small plates: meatballs, Brussels sprouts and the daily ricotta, with the house Cabernet. More food than I could eat, and a glass of wine, for under $20! Again, tender tasty meatballs and the ricotta were great additions to my already favorited Brussels sprouts. Keep doing what you're doing, it's a great combo of fresh, well prepared food and wine and great prices. Nice atmosphere, and quiet enough for a conversation, but still lively.Wow!! What a space and compared to the 13th street location. This place is wide open and delicious as well. 
The staff is very friendly, the food is incredible and the drinks are on point. 
Ask about the daly ricotta, you will not be disappointed.
Thanks to everyone who works here. See you all soon!!It's a shame I can't give this 3.5 because it deserves more than a 3 but not quite a 4. 
Me and the Mrs. arrived on a Tuesday night during what turned out to be happy hour. We were sat at a nice table and the ambience was quite enjoyable (other than it being a little dark). Our server was obviously busy but nonetheless attentive.
We started off with the happy hour Margherita pizza. It was okay, but the crust was a little chewy. Not bad for happy hour, but not great either. She got the Gnocchi, which felt a little overcooked, although the sauce was nice. I had the Agnolotti and it was quite decent. There were some nice textures in the dish but the pasta was overall a little bland. For dessert we had some kind of brownie topped with chocolate mousse in a mason jar. That was probably the best thing we had.
Overall the food had lots of potential, but it feels like a slight level of care is missing to make it truly exceptional. Might go check out the Zavino in center city.My #1 Gluten Free spot in Philly. Awesome happy hour specials, great staff and some of the best gf crust around. The staff doesn't treat me like a monster for asking for gf or if I ask for something more custom so I could eat it, it's terrific. This Zavino's is the better out of the two if your indecisive. I come here for mini dates w my wife and always leave happy.Last night was the first time I had the chance to dine at Zavino on Chestnut.  It was a Saturday night around 9:30pm.  I had the pleasure of being served by a pleasant young lady by the name of Lana.  She greeted and seated us outside as requested so that our fur baby could be by our side.  After getting us the menu and explaining how the kitchen runs, she got us our drinks as well as some water for our dog.  
We ordered the Ricotta Rosemary Flat bread...thumbs up!  The bread was not too salty and flavored with just the right amount of herbs and seasoning to pair with the sweet (but not too sweet) ricotta.  For an entree, we split the Diavolo pizza.  Lana informed us that the pizzas are about 10 inches, but we were ok with ordering just one; after all, you can always order more if you're still hungry!
My fiance absolutely loved the pizza that was prepared by Ramiro.  As my fiance described:
"The pizza was perfect.  The bread wasn't too thick.  They used good meat with the right thickness and they used good quality cheese.  It wasn't too spicy.  The pizza had the perfect balance!"
My fiance is an absolute pizza lover and he said this was by far the best pizza he has ever had in the US.  Now normally, people will think that food is great when they're drunk or overly hungry, but this wasn't the case.  We deliberately came by to check out the food and service after we had a light dinner at home.
I can honestly say that this is a place worth going to because the food and service were great.
Ambiance- 5/5
Food-5/5
Drinks- 4/5 (I had the Zavino Standard...a little too strong for me, but to each their own)
Service- 5/5
Wait time for food- 5/5Had a great experience here! Food was awesome, they forgot one of our menu items and promptly took all appropriate steps to remedy the situation. Very personal touch that was greatly appreciated. Highly recommend!I came here for lunch with 2 friends. They ordered the Gnocchi and I ordered the Gluten Free Joey. We also got the Rosemary Flatbeard as an appetizer. The outdoor seating was nice and the service was pretty good. The gnocchi was a small plate and not enough for a meal; I wish they offered it in a larger size. Both were delicious though! The service was also pretty on point, probably because we came here for a very late lunch (around 2pm). The outdoor seating is really nice too! 
I hear they also have a great happy hour from 4:30-6:30pm - I hope to check it out soon.Nice place to meet friends for drinks and/ or dinner n drinks. They usually have good suggestions regarding food selections. 
Not all house wines are equal but I thought a wine bar might have better options. 
Love to return and sit outside.My brother and I were looking for some decent grub near the train station and this place came up pretty high on the Yelp app so we decided to check it out. It's one of those newfangled wood-burning oven pizza places that's moderately priced. It's fairly large and had a nice ambiance. We ordered a caesar salad and a margherita pizza to share, and while I can't say the pizza was the best I've ever had (the crust was too thick), it was pretty tasty. Fresh produce, and decent portions. Not a bad selection of craft beers as well. Our server was really great, too.
STEPH JUDGEMENT: A nice-casual joint that will satisfy your wood-burning oven pizza cravings.we enjoyed both the food and the service. we were worried initially that it might be too fancy for our tastes, but the food really was very good. we got the meat and cheese tasting board, and our waiter was happy to patiently help us figure out what types of meat and cheese we wanted. our salads, which we ordered with our waiter's recommendation, were also fantastic. the atmosphere was also classy yet welcoming which made us feel good, too.My wife and I went to Zavino around 5.30pm on Friday and had one of the worst eating out experience. We were seated at one of the the two tiny tables by the bar area. People were standing and dancing next to our table. Some were screaming at each other probably from all of the alcohol they were consuming and this was around 6pm.
Our waiter, while she was nice and friendly, she was highly inattentive. After bringing us water, drinks and food, we could not get her attention for the next 45 minutes. Eventually we have decided to ask for the bill, she said she would be right back. Well, we waited another 15 minutes and finally decided we have had enough and just asked some guy to bring us the bill instead.
While the 3 dishes we ordered were good, the noise level made it hard to thoroughly enjoy this restaurant. Bar crowds were very obnoxious and immature. Most seems to be in their 30s yet they acted like they never had an alcoholic drink before. 
This could simply be our bad luck but since there are so many restaurants in the area, we see no point of coming back to Zavino. 
2 stars for the decent food.For appetizers the homemade ricotta with orange oil is my favorite by far, with light and fluffy flatbread for dipping. Pizzas are good and available in gluten free! Happy hour specials are decent as well. Love the decor too with dark wood, metal piping shelves and tiled areas.This place was excellent. We had 9 people all turn up at the time the kitchen was closing and they served us all great meals without complaint and drinks and had the cheque sorted very quick for us to catch the train!  Thank you that waiter.We ate here twice during our stay to visit U Penn, and absolutely loved it!!  The food is wonderful, and the service exceptional (which is a rarity at most places any more). The ambiance is modern and hip, with a great wine selection, homemade pasta and wood-fired pizza (as well as excellent Brussels sprouts and asparagus) ... and the tiramisu is to die for.  My only complaint is that they do not serve coffee, which is needed with dessert (in my humble opinion).  The restaurant choices in University City seem to be minimal, and this fills a much needed spot.  We will definitely be back when visiting Philadelphia again!The manager contacted me the next day offering sincere apologies in which I accepted. We went back and were seated immediately. The service this time was superb. The food was good. I feel better about Zavino in general. 
I still think they shouldn't seat anyone by that 2 tiny tables next to the bar. Instead, they should replace it with a counter so more people can hang out around the bar area without bothering other diners.Love this place! Wine is perfect, food comes in large amount and very tasty. Ordered prosciutto di Parma, yummy! Reasonably priced as well. A perfect place to end our one-day Philly tour.Zavino is the place I insist my friends check out, so I don't know where to start. I have been going to the Zavino on 13th for years. I loved sitting at the bar sipping wine and watching the pizza go in and out of the brick oven, what a great atmosphere! I finally tried Zavino II in University City late last summer and was equally impressed. It's way bigger and the food/ pizza is just as tasty! Its easier to get a table, and more outdoor seating for when the weather heats up!
The food is unique but not stuffy or overly fancy its just right! You can tell someone is thinking outside the box with the menu. The whipped ricotta is unlike anything I have ever have. Apparently they are consistently mixing new things in it to keep it exciting. I tasted slight hues of honey last night... We also tried the short rib ravioli, and I am going to have to go back in the very near future to treat myself again. No need for me to comment too much on the pizza since I read the philly food blogs and Zavino always makes the top 5 list, and I couldn't agree more- my personal favorite is the Joey J
I love my wine- I am no connoisseur but I can tell what I like and what I don't like. The wine list stays up today with the season with price points that won't break the bank, so you find yourself realizing you should go with the bottle!
Overall I have to give it 5 stars.. atmosphere is trendy, staff is friendly, helpful and efficient. I don't know what more I could ask for.Always an awesome meal at Zavino's. University City in Philadelphia.  Ridhima provided excellent service.  The only thing that would have made it better would have been a really good cup of coffee,  cappuccino,  or espresso.Had a tasty meal here....I started with the mushroom and fava beans, simply sauteed with sea salt and really tasty. My friend enjoyed the Brussels sprouts. We then each had the Margherita pizza...thin, fresh tasting, with a good crust. And in my new quest to have any and every kind of mule, I got their Tuscan version, made with amaro. It was hard to drink it like a lady. I could see this being my new post-work HH spot.Had an impromptu dinner with my husband here last night. We came during happy hour and had the Margherita pizza (half off) and prosciutto. The sizes were just enough and absolutely delicious.  Margherita pizza can be iffy depending where you go but I would recommend this to everyone.Unfortunately while I think the food is great and originally gave it 5 stars as I was never disappointed, today, I give it 1 and that is because I am forced to give it that. One because of their dishonesty which is pretty disgusting. Sorry- I dont take well to people who essentially steal. Our bill came up to $56.?? WITH taxes. As I began to write in a tip, my colleague stopped me and said- Um he gave himself a tip. I looked at our bills which was to be split evenly between the two of us and we were being charged $30.78. Indeed he had helped himself to a tip- less than what we planned to give him nonetheless he helped himself. We recalculated to ensure we had done so correctly and yes- after multiple checks he had. That explained the strange behavior and look when he dropped the check off and how he practically hid on or way out. This is unethical and definitely the one and only reason I will never return. I would have rather he flat out said dont forget to tip me then just take a tip. There was no suggested tip, nor was there a fee for two people like there is one for 6 or more. So I ask, who else has he done this too and maybe they didn't notice it like I initially missed it. Sad! Hope the tip was worth it.I have been here for dinner once and once for lunch. I love their pizzas and their peach cocktail.
Their service is always fast and everyone is always friendly.  The place is always packed, I recommend make reservations before hand.We were thrilled to learn that ZaVino had joined the westward expansion of Philadelphia's thriving restaurant scene. This ZaVino appears to be quadruple the size of the original 13th Street location.  
Our dinner, enjoyed at the beautiful serpentine granite bar, was terrific and the quality was on par with the original. 
The culinary renaissance in University City makes me yearn to return to my student days.  Almost.Stopped in Zavino with a few friends on a Saturday night. Got there early and got a good seat by the window. Started with the ricotta with flatbread and the veal meatballs. The ricotta was to die for - the flatbread warm and crispy. The key to good meatballs is a binder like ricotta which kept them moist. I popped them down like I was PacMan going after power pellets. Finished up with their signature meatball pizza - crisp, delicious and filling. Ate everything but the pan the pizza came on.Excellent Italian with a great vibe and energy about it. Heading here I was in real need of a nice cold beer and there was a great selection and an excellent barman to suggest and advise on the best local brews. The menu is not the most extensive for food but that works in the context of the place and I would always rather fewer things done well that loads done ok. Olives were a light starter before the main event of a veal meatball pizza which was fantastic. Great thin crisp crust perfectly cooked with nicely melting and bubbling cheese with well seasoned meatballs and fresh basil leaves. Beautiful. Even found room for Tirami su, nicely served in a glass jar. Advice; don't have the house white even at happy hour, for me it is too sweet. Have the sav blanc instead. Really enjoyed and will definitely be back.Great University City restaurant with great university city prices. Obviously a wine bar but also decent beer and liquor selection as well. Make sure to try the tasting board for great charcuterie.Nice vibe on entrance.  Place looked very clean and people were friendly.  Small restaurant, but def gets packed! I arrived before happy hour and when happy hour hit, they gave me the happy hour menu.  To start, I ordered the Rosemary bread with oil and it was so good! I did not like that there was no ice with my water.  But I'm sure they had some, I just never asked.  I also ordered the margherita pizza.  Also very good!  The reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because I feel like they need more on the menu because there wasn't that much variety.  Also, some ice would be nice without having to ask.  Other than that I def recommend this place.Wow.  Absolutely delicious.  I had the mushroom pizza, and it was flavorful, the crust was chewy and perfect...delicious.  Friendly service, can be quick if you're in a rush, would 100% come back.Great happy hour drinks and prices!! Would highly recommend the ricotta and the veal meatballs!Great spot near Drexel. Fresh, delicious pizza. Quick, friendly service. 
We stopped in on a Saturday for late-ish lunch and were promptly seated. They had a moderate craft beer (bottles) selection, and we each ordered a beer. We ordered olives and a margherita pizza to share. My husband wasn't a fan of the olives which the server noticed and prompted her to remove them from our bill. They were only 3 bucks, but I thought that was pretty impressive that she took it off without us saying anything. 
The pizza was good and perfect for sharing. I definitely enjoyed it because it wasn't crowded or loud. Great place for a meal, would definitely go again.I really wanted to like this place. There aren't a lot of good places to eat around Penn, and it sounds good and people seem to really enjoy it. I went here once about six months ago, and got the flatbread with a few of the appetizers. The flatbread was so salty, my mouth felt raw for hours afterward. I thought this was just a one-off experience, but it was enough to keep me away until today, when I tried it again. Got their butternut squash ravioli - can't go wrong with that, right? Wrong! It was ridiculously over-salted! Again! Just to be clear - I eat out a lot and I am perfectly happy with well seasoned dishes. I don't usually find dishes at a nicer restaurants too salty; this was a really odd experience. Also, there were like 8 pieces of ravioli on the plate, which the waiter told me was a 'share' plate. Um, I was starving. I went somewhere else to get a slice of pizza. I know this place is really popular, but I sincerely don't understand why.I saw Zavino recently opened up nearby in the University City neighborhood. Since it looked good, I put it on my radar to check out.
After taking in a movie, my wife and I headed over to Zavino. It was not crowded, but the host disappeared with a couple of other patrons and took several minutes to return.
Once seated, we got to working on figuring out what we wanted to eat. We each got a glass of wine, her white and me red. They were both good wines.
We ordered a number of starters. The Fontina Croquets, Eggplant Parm, Olives and Brussels Sprouts rounded it out. The croquets were pretty tasty. The eggplant parm was just okay. To be honest, it was more like rollatini. The sauce was decent, but the eggplant was firmer than what I like. I like my eggplant to be on the softer side and sort of melt in your mouth. The olives were what they were. Done right, but nothing special. The Brussels sprouts were good for what they were, but I just don't like Brussels sprouts. These were more for my wife. She really liked them though.
We both got pizzas. I got the Diavolo, which is with sopressata,mozzarella, crushed tomato, chili flakes, oregano, and parmesan. It was pretty good. I liked it. It wasn't the best pizza I've had, but certainly tasty. My wife got The Joey, which is with berkshire pork sausage, mozzarella, crushed tomato, spinach, garlic, chili flakes, and provolone. It was also tasty. A little spicy, but not too much.
It's not like some of the better gourmet pizza wine spots I've been to, but it was decent. I don't know if I'd go back, but I would not vote against it if someone wanted to check it out.Such good food. My friend and I go fairly often as they also offer gluten-free options as well. She loves their gluten-free pizza and I am a huge fan as well. Order the ricotta (also offered with GF bread) and you will not regret it. Servers were super courteous and full of recommendations. I ordered the short rib ravioli and the short rib was cooked to perfection. Will for sure go again soon.Zavino has become the place my boyfriend and I just cannot resist. Now that it's open even closer to us in University City, it will always be a go-to spot. If possible, the pizzas we had here on their second day open were even better than the ones we've had on Sansom Street. 
We were greeted warmly at this new, beautiful location. Very friendly staff and our server was wonderful. The window seating is great for people-watching, and the whole place has a roomy yet comfortable feel. The wrap-around bar is gorgeous. I can highly recommend the margherita and diavolo pizzas, as well as the prosciutto board which is a favorite of ours. The triangles of pizza dough that come with it are hot and delicious, and the toppings are both sweet and spicy. 
I'm looking forward to many trips back here, and I'm so excited they have a location where you're less likely to wait too long for a table!First of all, the location is amazing. If you sit in the outdoor seating in the warmer months, you have a beautiful view of Center City. However, I wouldn't fret over this too much because the interior is gorgeous as well. I got the Margherita pizza and it was very tasty. Would recommend for a quick lunch or casual dinner!Zavino is a great restaurant with a very cool atmosphere. The pizza, salads, and cheese/meat plates are all spectacular. The gluten free pizza is also very good if you like or need to eat gluten free. I've been there several times and highly recommend!Outstanding pizza. I had the Joey and it was the perfect combo of flavor and spice. The fresh garlic made the pizza.
Happy hour wine special was excellent value. Highly recommend. Loved the casual upscale atmosphere too.Ok pizza and good service but our pasta and side (Brussels sprouts) were not good. Too bad. Still, if you stick to the pizza I guess you're fine.Went here for dinner a few months ago and have been coming back regularly since - a new favorite of mine in the University City area!
Glancing at other reviews, I'm certainly not the first to write about the ricotta, but suffice to say that it's a mind blowing, delicious and surprisingly novel cheese experience. I'm a firm believer in not messing around with good cheese, but Zavino is the exception. The ricotta arrives whipped up into a light and airy mound doused in olive oil and accompanied by a delicious, warm rosemary flatbread. You'll get hints of honey and herbs as you savor this perfect starter - it's a little heavy though, so bring reinforcements to share with. 
The next thing we ordered was the chef's board, a selection of meats and cheeses. Again, highly recommended. They have a fantastic trattoria that houses a collection of excellent cured meats, cheeses and pickles. The pickles are great because they're "cornichons" - not the usual massive half cylinders you'll get with your deli sandwich - think small, pinky sized - a perfect balance of sweet and sour. 
The pizza is good, but not as amazing as their reputation would lead your to believe - ingredients were clearly fresh and it had that nice smoky charcoal aroma, but at that price point, it just didn't really do much for me. I  tried a pasta special of their's once (rabbit ragu) and it was, like their pizza, "good" but nothing to write home about. 
Ambiance is lovely: Modern, minimalist and clean. Noise level is perfect, never needed to raise my voice to converse with my friends. Our waiter was helpful, knowledgeable and friendly - he made an excellent wine recommendation that paired beautifully with our food. 
The biggest (and only) grievance I have is that as a UPenn student, I'm incredibly jealous that this restaurant is located not on our campus, but on Drexel's. What a shame.Zavino has one of my favorite happy hours with their ricotta and rosemary flatbread appetizer, margherita pizza, and house white wine. You can't go wrong with anything on their menu, but my favorite dishes are the Joey pizza and whole wheat cavatelli. The Joey pizza is a thin crust pizza topped with sausage, mozzarella, crushed tomato, spinach, garlic, and provolone (to die for). My all time favorite whole wheat cavatelli is topped with a creamy basil pesto and grated parmesan, definitely my #1 recommendation. The only negative I have about this Zavino location is that service is always slow, but overall one of my favorite places for happy hour and delicious Italian food!Had to wait an Hour for a table on a Wednesday. We were finally placed outside on a chilly evening. It's was super cold and there was no provision of a heater or anything.
Pasta was served in very little quantities. I was still hungry after $15 worth of food.  I ordered the ravioli. (Meh)
Pizza was light and fluffy and fresh. But one serving of a pizza has 6 slices which is enough for one person 
Unhappy with the overall experience.We started off with the ricotta and bread. It was very nice. Creamy, fresh, and a good way to get dinner started. Ricotta though, usually a dessert cheese when served with nothing else or not used in cooking. 
Tried three different wines and the biggest issue was the limited amount of non-wine. The wines by the glass were satisfactory and they had a large variety of by the glass wine. Bravo. However, beer and cocktails were limited. I could not even get an espresso after dinner.  An Italian restaurant that can't serve espresso is beyond me. Also, no single malts either in that huuuuge bar of theirs. Wines were attractively priced.
Food. The raviolis were tiny and you only get 5 or 6 of them. Luckily I won with food quantity with the Polpettini pizza. Crust was beautifully baked and you were able to taste the minerality of the water. The tomatoes were light and vibrant. The veal "balls" were a bit of a disappointment. I do not know how they made these fluffy almost cotton ball veal puffs.  They were just ok with limited flavor. They looked good though. 
Service was polite and full of smiles.My wife and I LOVE the pizza out here! My litmus test for a good pizza restaurant is that I can have its margherita pizza without complaining (my wife on the other hand has margheritas exclusively). The margherita pizza out here is so good that we order it exclusively! 
Additionally, the happy hour specials are great! Good deals on pizza, beer and wine (and all of the menu items are top notch). Definitely go here if you enjoy a nice handcrafted pizza :)Zavino just opened in my neighborhood and I was very excited! Very hip environment with reasonably priced drinks and food. I ordered the Savannah cocktail (Hendricks with peach schnapps, cucumber) I found the drink to be refreshing and not light handed like most cocktails in restaurants. 
I ordered the beet salad (mostly beets and very little kale) but very delicious with the candied pecans and goat cheese. The special pizza of rock shrimp with lots of spice and arugula had amazing flavor combinations but was difficult to eat because the pizza wasn't thick enough to support the shrimp. I don't mind getting dirty so I loved it anyway.
Overall I will definitely be back here to enjoy drinks and bites with my friends!This place is so cute!  I arrived on a Friday after noon at noon and was seated immediately. I dined alone and they have little two person booths so I didn't feel like a jerk taking up a whole table.  The Zavino Caesar was  AMAZING. It was so full of flavor.  It was far from a boring  romaine  and dressing Caesar Salad. My server was very friendly and attentive. The had the Slyfox saison and it was delicious. I'll absolutely be back!Love their pizza!!! I had the spicy salami pizza and really enjoyed it. Great quality. Would definitely return to try another pizza.Went here for lunch and had such a great experience! To start, we had the veal and ricotta meatballs. The meat was so tender and had amazing flavor--I highly recommend this dish. The eggplant parmesan was also delicious--someone I was with usually doesn't like eggplant and she enjoyed this a lot! The meat and cheese board was pretty good (not sure what was on out though). I also got the avocado salad, which was pretty decent. My friend got the Caesar salad and said it was the perfect balance of kale and romaine! Others in my group had the Joey pizza and they seemed to have enjoyed it. All in all, it was a great experience. I was with someone who does business with the restaurant, and we got some bread with ricotta on the house, which was very nice if them. Our service was overall good and was very pleased with the attentiveness of our server. She could have done better explaining the chesese board, but I still enjoyed it nevertheless. I can't wait to go back. Great addition to University City.In a city with great pizza Zavino is among the best.  Especially their delicious Stache with added mushrooms.  If you get their margherita try with extra cheese.  The restaurant ambiance and staff are also great.Given the limited options in the immediate vicinity, this is my favorite place near Penn's campus for lunch or dinner. I especially like the small plates -- ricotta, mushroom/ fava bean, bacon-wrapped dates and eggplant parmesan. The salads are good too. I find most of the pizzas good, but not great. Nice ambiance and outdoor seating and good service. I wish it didnt close so early ( 9 PM)!I ate here last weekend. The mushrooms were amazing. The beef pasta dish was nice but the Gnocchi didn't do much for me. Should have tried the pizza I guess. We also had a dessert with pumpkin gelato and a shortbread cake. I think it would have been good without pomegranate seeds sprinkled on top (so over powering). It didn't leave me wanting to come back. Especially for $80 bill.Came here on a Sunday afternoon. I like the ambiance and was happier that it was bigger than their Center City location.
A friend and I shared the gnocchi and veal meatballs for starters (they were amazing!).
I had the margherita pizza and my friend had the chorizo sausage pizza.
For desert, we split the Tiramisu (which was the highlight of the meal). 
I'd definitely come back to this location.For what this Zavino's lacked, it made up for in other areas. 
I came here with a group of 7 people on a Sunday night, and were seated promptly. The service was perfect, with the tired waiter taking time to explain everything on the menu and also introducing special pizzas of the day that weren't on it already. The only problem was that the lighting at night is extremely dim--so much so that we couldn't read the menu. But at the same time, the lighting creates a more intimate atmosphere, and this branch is so much more roomy than the center city location to accommodate larger parties.
I particularly appreciate all the gluten free options on the menu, and while the 10 inch pizzas are more on the pricey side ($13-18), the interesting choices more than make up for the price. I choose a simple margarita pizza that had a perfectly soft crust and delicious sauce, and enjoyed pieces of the avocado pizza (the pizza of the day) and veal pizza. The portions are perfect to share, so it didn't end up costing that much anyway!
I will definitely come here again for happy hour or for a more upscale dinner, and can't wait to try the sides and beer! Definitely a favorite spot in University City.Been here for lunch on a weekday, pizza was good, ambiance is cute!Yum yum yum! A whole wheat pizza option that is delicious!! I'll definitely be coming back.The wooden interior really made me feel at home. Me and my friend shared a Kennet Pizza. The mozzarella cheese was tasty but there definitely wasn't enough mushrooms on it. Onions were rich and sweet and the overall flavor balance was great. 
For drinks, the seasonal sangria was great. Light and refreshing with bits of apple in it too. My friend ordered a milk stout and it was very rich with hints of chocolate and caramel too. She enjoyed it. Overall great experience here!Fantastic spot with excellent pizza - the good stuff - and hip small plates.  Nice bar great service and happy hour prices for drink and food are real bargain. Whipped ricotta with top notch orange scented EVOO and crazy good "flatbread" with pepper and garlic too good to be legal.  Meatballs very tasty and well made and the pork Milanese was over the top.  Also liked the desserts - home made banana pudding and tiramisu but served in funky glass jars. I wasnt happy with wine list tho - overpriced for selections / but otherwise excellent spot in nice neighborhood next to Drexel and U Penn. Recommended for sure.Come for the pizza, stay for the ricotta.  Some standouts: friendly staff, great wine list and the shrimp scampi.  Not to mention fresh pasta and great gluten free options.  Keep it up Zavino, you've got a good thing going.  But seriously, the ricotta...What a great night I had at this place! I went with four more friends and had a great time. We followed the suggestion of the staff and ordered three pizzas and some small plates. The food was really good, service was great, the selection of wines by the glass is good. In short, it's a great place to order a bunch of food, share everything and enjoy some good wine.First let me say what was good. 
One of our two dishes was quite tasty. And the presentation of the food and drink was visually appealing. 
However... The service was awful. While there were open tables we were told there was a 20 minute wait while they cleared some tables... 
We decided to sit at the bar (an option not presented to us and the bar seats are hidden to make it non obvious) 
The bartender stayed at the other end of the bar polishing glasses and talking to other customers for 15+ mins before we walked over there to get her attention. It is my belief this was a ploy to let happy hour run out.
The menu was pretty uninspired. For a hungry couple who love Italian food and cheese, we had a tough time finding things that called to us. 
The rosemary sangria was sweet as can be, but rosemary is a savory flavor. It was nearly undrinkable. 
The broccoli and avocado was served with well undercooked broccoli and cold. It was barely enough to get the onions soft. 
The service continued to be poor with no refreshing drinks or checking to see if we liked our dishes. The only time she was attentive was at the end to clear us out and take the money. I felt quite used. 
Finally I noticed all the waitresses were the same size, build, hair length... It was worse than hooters as far as diversity in the work force.
This place made me feel gross.This place is the ultimate for me. I love the cozy atmosphere, and really, does it get any better than that crispy, chewy crust? Pizza porn alert.
Love everything I've ever tried here, with my favorites being:
-margherita pizza
-diavolo pizza
-kale caesar 
-gnocchi
-meatballs
-brussels sprouts
Honestly you can't go wrong. Just come here. And call me first so I can come too.Great margarita pizzas and wine. Love the happy hour.I went to Zavino with a few friends on a Thursday night and we had about a half hour wait, so just make sure to get there early or call before you come. The atmosphere is very nice - kind of a mix of wine bar and pizza oven and a little bit nicer compared to other restaurants in University City.
Food-wise, everything was pretty decent. I split a bunch of things with my friend because the waitress nicely told us that the pasta portions were quite small. She was right because the gnocchi only had 11 pieces (we counted). It was quite good. We also got the cavatelli with peas which was a little strange tasting. The peas tasted like they were frozen and the pasta was kind of hard. However, this was made up for by the AMAZING brussel sprouts. Definitely get them. The last thing we got was the gouda which was served with kind of a tart jam and some pita bread. It was good but there wasn't much cheese on the platter. My other friends split pizzas which they seemed to like.
Overall, a good experience and most of the food was good but some was lacking. Ask the waitstaff which items they prefer and what the portion sizes are like.Ugh I MISS Zavino so much! I used to love coming here after classes during the summertime and sitting outside, drinking amazing wine and eating even better pizza. The ambiance, food, service, and wine selection are all phenomenal. I've never had a bad experience here, however I definitely enjoyed dinner more than brunch.So I know this review should be mainly about the food. And to be honest the pizza was delicious. The reason this place is getting a restaurant is because of the absolute horrendous service.
When we got there, our waiter was very questionable. He seemed to think our table was a joke and the rules didn't apply. After two sentences he had dropped the word asshole and he mocked our choice for water.
Then came our food runner, who, when asked about the desert options said, 
"We have mouse, tiramisu, and the door"
When asked what he meant he said, the door as in like you all can leave. 
I'm not sure if it was because my friends are all college students, but this should be no Excuse for such language.
Having worked in a restaurant before I know that I would be fired on the spot for treating customers like they were a ragged joint.
If you wanna talk shit to your customers, mark down the price by about 50% and relocate to 69th and walnut.This is one of our favorite happy hour places. I'm not sure what the trick is to get a spot, but the bar is always packed. Their regular menu is stellar, but we definitely appreciate and adore the happy hour specials. The selection of house wines is always on point with a changing selection of beers. Our favorite happy hour bites are the ricotta and the meatballs. The atmosphere is charming (would be a great date spot) and the staff is friendly and attentive. Next time, if I get some pizza in my face, I'm thinking Zavino will be a 5-star for me.Very good food. Ordering a pizza is a must but they are a bit on the small size. The steak kebab was good but again on the small side.  The food was good overall but was a bit expensive because everything was smallI went to Zavino at the original location back when it opened and while the food was delicious (just had pizza), it was so crowded and loud that it was kind of not what we were looking for. BUT it was very good. 
I recently went to the one in University City for lunch with a co-worker and it was amazing. Great service, and the food was fantastic. I got the pizza with a pistachio pesto and arugula, "the Stache" and it was absolutely fantastic. My friend got a few pork dishes and she said they were amazing. One was some cut of pork on polenta with greens and the other was prosciutto, maybe? She loved it. I did try the pita bread it came with and it was fantastic.
Highly recommend- I can't wait to go back.
There's a beautiful bar and it looks perfect for happy hour.Happy Hour prices allowed us order so much food for so little price! The margarite pizza was great and the flatbread with ricotta cheese was fantastic!  I wish they would allow reservation but we were able to get a table pretty quickly.Was visiting the area from NYC and tried this restaurant because of great ratings on Yelp. Tried the Joey pie with pork and spinach, and Fettucine which hit the spot. Service was friendly enough and ambience personalized by books and picture and picture frames add value versus your ordinary restaurant.After winning a gift card to this restaurant, my husband and I decided to have a date night here. It was wonderful. We had no problem making a reservation and the food was delicious! We tried several different wines and enjoyed every one of them! The pizzas were very different but I was not disappointed. I can't wait to come back for another meal!Went in for lunch with a friend today. We ordered the gnocchi and the ravioli. Both were delicious but the portions were really small. We ended up ordering the margherita  pizza after finishing what we first ordered. The pizza was a good size to share between two people. The food was great, the only issue was that the portions were so small. Ended up being about $20 a person including the tip, not too bad since we technically bought three lunches.I was in from out of town and staying in University City.  I searched online and found Zavino so I decided to try it out.  The restaurant has an airy feel to it; great light in the area that I sat in.  The staff was very helpful and had solid suggestions for me.  I eventually ordered the Diablo pizza, which my server warned me was spicy. It was and it was also super delicious.  I recommend this place highly for its great food and the wonderful attitudes of its waitstaff.  I will be back on my next visit to Philly.Carried out the Margherita Pizza and it was very good.  That's the only thing I can speak on but the crust was nice and crispy and the toppings were flavorful.Below average. 
Their gnocchi was hard and the tomato sauce was bitter and tasted like it came from a can. 
Broccoli and avocado was literally 10 pieces of steamed broccoli and 4 small pieces of avocado. 
Left hungry and unsatisfied. 
Overpriced and unfortunately successful because of the business of undergrads. 
Their pizzas looked good but I didn't try them.What's not to love about this place? I've never had a bad meal here or the 13th street location. The food is SO GOOD!! The staff is attentive and very friendly. And the wine is fantastic!  Also, it's affordable!  Go! Before you regret it!!Good drinks, delicious cheese and meats. Cute dining room. Only negatives are drink service was slow and considering we were the only three people sitting at the bar I don't see a reasonable excuse. Also the place was relatively empty resulting in a lack of atmosphere. That said it was early so this could change as the night goes on. Would certainly return as food and drink is good.The prior reviews were not kidding about the happy hour.  The food is excellent and may I also say the service is superb.  Codi at the bar will take very good care of you!!!!  Thanks Codi for a wonderful experience.Consistently excellent food and service. 
Pizza is amazing!! Just remodeled and open for businessI've been going to zavino for 3 years and I've never been disappointed! The restaurant is very hip and rustic feeling on the inside and wait staff is always polite and attentive. 
The new happy hour drinks and prices are pretty good. The seasonal cocktail was excellent. Any of the pizzas are a safe pick. They come in 6 slices. 
My boyfriend and I usually order 1 pizza, 2 drinks, a salad (which are also surprisingly sophisticated), and a pasta dish.
Zavino is a perfect date spot. We will be back!Recently headed over to Zavino's for the University City Dining Days promotion. This $25 fixed price menu lets you select an appetizer, entree and dessert. 
The waiter was attentive, friendly and accommodating (even letting me take down an Italian cooking tomes from one of many on austere, black shelf units that reach the ceiling). Apparently no one else in his time their had ever asked to peruse through the books! My starter was the spinach salad topped with halved cherry tomatoes and pine nuts. It was light and flavorful. Most of the waitstaff are dressed in shirts adorned with THE STACHE and you can guess that this is one of their notable dishes. The unique aspect of this pizza is probably the pistachio "pesto" (more grainy and dry than traditional pesto, but certainly still tasty). The whole wheat crust was soft, although a bit thin but I prefer my pizza crusts thicker in general. Hands down my favorite was the chocolate mousse with buried brownie bites and a salted caramel topping. It was served in a short glass jar which was also a cute touch. 
Zavino's was a great choice for the Dining Days. At the end of the evening, I was supremely impressed with all the choices and thought this was a great deal given the prices of the items individually.Just came to Zavino this week for Dining Days and had a very solid experience! Some friends and I shared the rosemary flat bread with ricotta--SO good. The ricotta was creamy and delicious, a great balance of sweet and savory. The flat bread was still warm when they served it, perfect for spreading the ricotta!  The caprese salad was really fresh. I expected it to be bigger, but for the quality I think the price was appropriate. I had the veal and ricotta meatballs for my main dish. Great red sauce, very light and fresh, and the meatballs had a lot of flavor and were perfectly cooked. 
My friend had some trouble with her first drink order and had to send it back, but the waitress was so nice about it and quickly got her a new drink.
Overall, quality food, great presentation, and nice atmosphere!Quality food and great customer service! I love eating here and love how it's so close to school  
My go-to is ALWAYS the house ricotta with flatbread.. It's so addicting! Also, the margherita pizza is a classic yet yummy choice. The cheese plates are good, but it is a little bit pricer for the portions.
Also, I got takeout once (the house ricotta and the Caesar salad which had a great dressing), and they forgot the pita/flat bread so I had to walk back (luckily it was a short walk lol), but the hostess threw in another order of ricotta and bread for free so I left happy!
Overall, this is a great place on university to get some light food and drinksGreat food, cute spot! Great customer service. I will go there again. I thought I wasn't going to be able to eat anything because of all the cheese, it is a pizza place but they chicken and bread were deliciousDisappointed with this place!!!  Got treated badly by the waiter. Overpriced 6 pieces of ravioli with little sauce for $13.  He was not willing to return my change; No way that I am going to tip this waiter after being treated badly!Thirteen dollar for 6 pieces of ravioli! Need I say more? That is barely enough to feed a little baby! I am more than six feet tall, I need more than 6 pieces. In Italy, I never left a restaurant hungry. This is not an Italian restaurant.This place is great for filling you up at a reasonable price. The spaghetti squash is really good with pine nuts and a tomato sauce. Ricotta is pretty good too, slightly sweet tasting and comes with a ton of pita flatbread on the side. The only thing is sometimes they give you way less ricotta then others and you end up with too much pita but no ricotta dip left. The pizzas are also good tasting, pistachio one tastes great and unique, but for the crust is a little thick. They definitely have a ton of competition with 24 opening very close by and offering similar menus. But we have a good time when stopping by here.This is one of the places my co workers and I like to go for happy hour. They have good wine and beer deals after work and we love to get the flatbread with ricotta cheese (please no one tell me how many calories are in that cheese). It's a great environment (last time I went we arrived at 5:30ish and didn't leave until 10)...too bad we had to work the next morning.A great spot for happy hour in university city but don't expect too much. I've never had an outwardly bad experience but never a super amazing one either. Their pizzas are really good and so are their entrees. I always get the Kennett pizza it's a white pizza with mushrooms and onions soooo good! Their chicken and steak skewers are super good too! Def worth the stop!Whipped ricotta with the rosemary flatbread is my favorite thing on the menu. The staff is friendly and doesn't try to rush you out. It's the perfect place for happy hour.The food and drinks were good but they don't serve hot drinks including coffee.  How can you present a dessert menu without having the option of an after dinner cup of coffee.  Definitely put a wet blanket on the dining experience.I've rated 4 stars for now after my first experience here, but I could easily see myself changing the review to 5 stars after I come back... which I definitely will be.
I was thoroughly impressed. The decor was beautiful and classy. The restaurant was chic and sophisticated. The waiters were extremely pleasant and friendly, and when we asked for recommendations, our server immediately flooded us with genuine commentary regarding her favorite dishes on the menu as well as what else she saw as being popular items on the menu.
We opted for the STACHE pizza and the SPAGHETTI SQUASH appetizer. It's usually really hard to come by outstanding pizza for me, but I would definitely say that this pizza was outstanding. The crust was perfectly crispy but still soft, and doughy-- which I loved. The pesto and arugula were perfect additions to the pizza, and the cheese was just the perfect amount of melty. The flavors came together so well, and as I'm typing this review I'm thinking about how I could easily eat 3 more slices of this pizza and not get sick of it. Definitely would recommend this.
The spaghetti squash was also incredible. The tomato sauce was perfectly flavored and spiced-- it had a powerful taste but this was perfect to go along with the light squash noodles. The light bit of cheese on top was also a perfect addition.
This place is extremely affordable, the portion sizes are great, and the flavors are juts about spot on. I'm extremely curious about a lot of the other items on the menu, so I'll surely be coming back!you know it is not a good sign when the water is warm:( it went down hill from there. not a good food restaurant.I had a great lunch at Zavino. The location is really convenient from west Philadelphia and center city. The service was excellent and I appreciated the sparkling water. I had lunch with a friend and we shared the kale Caesar that had pesto dressing and a special pizza that had a squash cream sauce with sliced squash, mozzarella and walnuts. Both dishes were delicious and really filling. I highly recommend and am looking forward to going again!Margherita pizza (on whole wheat crust) was pretty good but nothing special. I wanted to try the Kennett or the Stache, but my date didn't want to try them :( We also got riccotta with flatbread, which I have to say was AMAZING! I don't like ricotta, but THIS was really good -- it came with a slightly sweet oil, which was freaking delicious. I've heard from some of my friends that the gnocchi and the spaghetti squash were really good here, too. 
Update: came here again with a friend and got to try the Kennett pizza. It was good, but Tria Taproom (you need to try this!) has the BEST kennett flatbread I've ever had, so I compare everything with that. 
Excellent friendly service, and beautiful, classy/modern atmosphere. I think the pizzas are pretty overpriced; nonetheless, they're of great quality and not like "greasy" pizza at all.I love coming here on work lunches. Great pizzas, great specials, great wine. They have a really great atmosphere at night as well. The one waitress there is always incredibly accommodating. I wish I remembered her name! I would definitely recommend this place to anyone visiting philly. Great place to hang out with a few friends.With full disclosure I have a very small interest in this business but years prior I had fallen in love with the pizza and concept as I was and am a frequent at their original location. Today I frequent the university city location for obvious reasons. Consistently great, the staff always attentive and the pizza always cooked perfectly. With all the other "craft" pizza restaurants now in philly Zavino is still one of my very favorites.  I believe Zavino was the very first at the start of the pizza renaissance in Philly thus its a classic part of the gastrointestinal portrait  of philly. It's a must try. 
Note: there are many small dishes that are equally amazing but being somewhat of a pizza nut I decided to focus on the pizza In this review.I travel to Philly for business, and this is the ONE place I must go to every time!  Hands down the best pizza I have ever had!  And I have had pizza all over the globe...NOTE:  Germany held this honor prior...
If you are visiting or living in the city, this is a must place to check out!  The overall experience is pretty amazing, as everything from the drinks to the service leave you walking out with a bright smile!The ambience of the place was great for a date! I came here for brunch on a Saturday. We ordered a pizza, spaghetti squash, and cured meats. Before the food came, we were afraid that we ordered too few items, but thankfully we ended up being wrong. The portion size of the pizza was more than enough and the meal kept us full until the late evening. We didn't care much for the spaghetti squash dish - the flavors were not to my liking. It wasn't horrible, but I probably wouldn't order it again. They also serve mimosas and bloody marys for brunch for $5  (I believe), so it was a pretty good deal. The cured meats came with a delicious housemade mustard, pickles, and pita bread. I would come back for the pizza and drinks. I saw other people ordering pastas, which I didn't get a chance to try, but they looked delicious and I would definitely want to come back to try the pastas!Decent gluten-free pizza; in a great location. The staff is amazing. My order was wrong once (gave me regular dough rather than gluten free) and they refunded my money and brought me the correct pizza in 5 minutes. After she found out I had a bite, the manager (blonde, do not recall her name), ran out for a block just to make sure I did not have a reaction to the gluten. Definitely recommend!We went to zavino on 10/19/17 as a party of 5 around 8:30 pm. They sat us and proceeded to take order. We ordered drinks and food (eggplant Parmesan, Mediterranean salad, oven roasted Brussels sprouts, tonarelli and 2 pizzas. I forget what they were called. 
Eggplant Parmesan was pretty good. Eggplant was soft and plenty of cheese was stuffed inside the eggplant. It was like sushi style if that makes sense with tomatoes chunks. Mediterranean was delicious with crunchy chick peas. Brussels sprouts were terrible. It was tough and too vinegary. Two pizzas were good. One of them was cream based wig braised ribs. The sauce was too thick and the whole thing was too heavy. The other pizza had ham and red onions. Something about it was spicy. It had good combinations of flavor. 
We noticed that they were closing up and started to rush us. Maybe not intentionally but we definitely felt uncomfortable. I asked when the closing time was and they said 9. It was 940 when I asked. It would have been nice if they were to at least mention it when we walked in at 830. Maybe would have decided to go elsewhere and not feel rushed. 
Food was okay and service could have been better. Minus one star for the terrible Brussels sprouts and another one for the service. 
I would try Zavino againThe pizza was pretty good. But as far as the service absolutely disgusted. I have never been to a restaurant with such a disrespectful crew. The server was not pleased with her tip and felt the need to come and "educate" me on tips. She lectured me in an awful tone and ruined my mood. I came from Boston MA based on a precious review and as a pretty well known yelper I hope this place gets shut downThe food was so good! I loved the pizza and cheese board. Looking to go back soon and try new things...Walk into Zavino and you'll be greeted by a warm ambiance accented by the wood oven that's visible inside the restaurant. The restaurant is a cozy to somewhat tight spot, but the waiter staff is helpful and even moved us to a larger table last minute when more people showed up than expected.
The pizza though: wow. This may be my favorite pizza in philadelphia. It's a fresh-tasting sauce and the dough, freshly baked, has the perfect crunch. Their pizzas are great; I can vouch for the veal meatball and the margherita. Great spot, can't wait to visit again.Value and great food.  What this place lacks in atmosphere, it more than makes up for with its menu!  They make some of the best "pies" in the city.  Local ingredients too.  Solid service and a great bar selection.
Short walk from 30th Street station and right on the Drexel campus.  Hey Drexel students!  Make Mom and Dad pony up for a meal here!Had brunch here today and left a little underwhelmed. Split the frittata of the day and the brioche French toast. The former was all vegetables - asparagus, zucchini, mushrooms, peppers, and onions. Typically I like this combo, but it was honestly just boring as a frittata with some arugula on the side. 
The brioche French toast was slightly burnt and only average. A friend got gnocchi but it was a small portion, leaving him hungry after finishing. All in all nothing was bad, it just wasn't great either. 
But the pizza looked great next to us!!News alert: there is a happy hour that starts at 4:30pm! We loaded up on HH drinks and got the ricotta cheese special that was creamy and topped with honey and served with warm flatbread that looked like it had salt flakes on it (yum!!). Then we tried the Stache pizza. Which I feel like it's called that because it ends up all over your stache. It's almost like a pizza salad, so while a funnily messy to eat-- so good! This place has outdoor seating (yay!).Really pretty good. 
Their bread and the way they bake it really stands out. 
They use the same type of dough for the pizza as they use in some of their appetizers paired with burrata. Delicious.I loved this place! Went her for a lovely date night and ended up with some really great food! We started with the avocado salad and baby jesus meat plate. Holy cow where they delicious. The meat plate also came with some great flatbread and awesome mustard. For the entree portion we decided to order the special ravioli and special butternut squash pizza they had. Mind was blown when we devoured both.
Overall, I'd this say this was definitely one of the best restaurants we've been to in University City. The atmosphere was also very cool and all in all it's just a great place to dine with friends or go out on a date too.Good food in a cozy setting. Love the booths for two people by the window. Got the gnocchi and wasn't too heavy and was delicious. Brussels sprouts were good but not particularly special in anyway. Spaghetti squash is a good vegan(?) option and gluten free but definitely recommend the pasta. Tiramisu was good but a little too creamy for my liking. Aesthetic in a jar but not there taste wise.I love this place. Great atmosphere, great service and really great food! We enjoyed an early dinner at Zavino. They are famous for their pizza and Flatbread, but we also really loved the kale Caesar salad, butternut squash ravioli,  spaghetti & meatballs and jumbo grilled shrimp skewers. Our server was friendly and attentive. This is one of the best places to eat in University City.Zavino
3200 Chestnut St. Philadelphia, PA 19104 215.823.6897 | http://www.zavinohospitalitygroup.com/
Zavino bills itself as a wine and pizza bar and does both reasonably well. I stopped in for a weekend brunch at this newest location in University City.  Zavino also has a restaurant in Midtown Village at 112 S 13th St Philadelphia, PA 19107. This particular edition of Zavino had an almost all glass exterior which made for some terrific indoor natural lighting.  It must cost a small fortune to heat/cool however, but I digress.
Outside the entrance is a large patio area for plenty of al fresco dining. I chose to sit indoors however.
RICOTTA OF THE DAY $9 rosemary flatbread. Ricotta is an Italian whey cheese made from sheep  milk whey left over from the production of cheese.  Ricotta is a favorite component of many Italian desserts, such as cheesecakes and cannoli. This ricottta has been whipped to a fluffy consistency and served with lime and lemon infused olive oil for a very nice combination of flatbread and ricotta.
If nothing else, one must absolutely try the fresh squeezed orange juice offered for brunch. It is made maybe minutes before you enjoy it.  Refreshing and delightful.
BERMUDA TRIANGLE $7 california goats milk,semi-soft, tart and tangy.  It is served with a dijon mustard, strawberry jam, and pickled vegetables that have been pickled in house. While I am no cheese expert, I think they may have messed up the cheese that was served because my cheese looks like a bleu cheese, smelled and tasted like one. 
THE STACHE $16 whole wheat crust, pistachio pesto, mozzarella, parmesan, lemon vinaigrette, baby arugula. It was ok.  Personally, I thought it needed some more substance (aka meat) but that is personal preference.  It also came out a tad charred for my tastes, but I read on their website: "we'd never, ever, send you a burnt pie. We're working with 850+ degrees to assure our oven keeps your crusts crunchy and your cheese melted. During this process, the outer rim of the pizza tends to char." While this may be the case, it seems even the middle of my pizza was charred as well.
Of Note
Glass shelves feature clean cheeses and fresh ingredients lit with beautiful natural lighting.
The bar and wine selection is impressive.
The infamous pizza oven of Zavinos crafting the house made pies everyone is so crazy about seemed to burn mine.
Caveat emptor:
I found it odd that during brunch (and for any time of day) there was no coffee on the menu. 
Our server while very nice, checked on us every 2 minutes asking if she could "take anything." It's almost as if she was trying to get out of there when the restaurant was practically empty. Maybe her shift was almost over, we will never know.Pretty much the best small plates AND gourmet pizza restaurant in town!! I love everything. This location also added entrees to the menu and they are bangin!! The chef's tasting board is amazing as is everything else. Pasta, Pizza, everything is made in house and is soo good. Service is always on point and the craft cocktails are also great. It's my go to spot....never disappoints!Spectacular Saturday brunch! Must haves...meatballs, breakfast calzone, frittata, french toast. Great original take on caesar salad. Cool spot...great hospitality!!! What are you waiting for?Both Zavino's are excellent, but I went last night to the one in University City for the first time and had my world rocked. The management bent over backwards to accommodate our party, and the service was one of the best I've ever had. The food, as usual, was delicious (best pizza in the city if you ask me). I will be back! I would recommend this place to anyone who wants a terrific night out.A bit pricey outside of happy hour, but the pizza is delicious. Happy hour is the way to go here. The Kennett pizza, ricotta app, and meatball apps are great.Very good food and well priced drinks. As some have written it is a great place for happy hour on nice days as they have lots of outdoor seating. Personal faves include stack pizza fav bean app and any salads. Never been so impressed by their pastas and I'm always hungry after eating the,Great place for happy hour!  One selected draft beer as well as a red and white wine, and a signature cocktail are all on special for happy hour. I went with the $4 draft beer special which was a sour-one of my favorites. As for the happy hour food specials, they have small plates that are very reasonably priced. We went with the bruschetta and the ricotta sea salt cheese spread.  The cheese spread was amazing and comes with flat bread for dipping.  The bruschetta had fresh tomatoes and arugula on it-comes with two pieces so enough for two people. We were still hungry and decided to order an entrée salad to split.  The service was fine even with a change of waiters and we got to seat outside on a lovely patio.   Definitely a great place to check out when on Penn's campus.Great food. Great value. Even more - great people. We got something to go for our father who was in hospital - and they included a dessert without us knowing. Thank you! We will be back.I could eat everything in this place.  The meat and cheese platters are to die for! And don't even get me started on the thin-crust, brick oven pizza.  I could have food dreams about this place, for the rest of my life.  Not a huge menu, but the small variety, specials, and small setting, are just lovely!The services and food is great. We enjoyed our small meals. I would love to come next time I am in town.Well, we ordered two pastas, they are all two salty. I only ate less than half of it.
don't recommend pastaLove both locations! Came tonight for their amazing gluten free crust. Was so sad when we were told they had run out for the evening. Our waitress consulted with the manager, Andrea, who contacted the Center City location and confirmed that they had the GF crust we were craving. On top of that she instructed us who to ask for at Zavino 13th and Samson and told us we had a free appetizer on Zavino. Such great customer service and friendly staff! Will continue to be a favorite and I will be back!The set-up inside is pretty nice - definitely fancier than your average dinner spot in University City, but the food was just okay in my book. We shared the brussels sprouts, which could have been more crispy... I thought they were a little undercooked. The short rib in the short rib risotto was pretty good but I thought the risotto was a bit undercooked as well. Maybe we dined there on an off day? Either way, I'll probably end up going to Shake Shack next time.The pizza was pretty good. And even though there was an issue I have been reached out and it was taken care of.Food was delicious, Gnocchi was outstanding, everything really good but they don't have a coffee! They do have a deserts but coffee?! Mmmm, little disappointed and that is why 4 starsThis place was so amazing that I am struggling to articulate... One of their pizzas had PISTACHIO pesto. PISTACHIO! Another pizza had veal meat balls stuffed with ricotta. Yesssss!
Seriously, if you haven't been, go try for yourself.After posting my review about my disappointing first-time experience at Zavino, I was contacted by Zavino's General Manager, David, and offered a sincere apology. David went above and beyond by sending me a gift card which prompted me to try the restaurant again. My second experience at Zavino was much improved and went a long way to erase the bad feelings of my original experience.
Because David asked me to contact him ahead of my visit, a table was prepped and ready for me and my husband. I started with the seasonal cocktail, which was recommended by the server. Although I am not a peach fan, he assured me it didn't have a strong peach flavor and he was right. The cocktail was tasty and refreshing, perfect for a warm spring evening.
As soon as the server described the special salad, I was sold: figs, walnuts, prosciutto, fancy cheese, it was delicious! We also ordered the short rib pizza, which was very flavorful, and my husband had the hangar steak skewers, which I found a bit tough and hard to chew. Additionally, we ordered the veal meatballs, which we had the first time, and they were consistently good again.
Finally, we had the zeppole for dessert, which was a divine way to end the meal. Because David, the General Manager, made the effort to reach out to me, I can now say that I am a fan of Zavino, will recommend it, and will revisit it myself.The pizza was AMAZING! Great consistency, and very flavorful. Reminded me of Gramaldi's in NYC... HOWEVER the service was HORRID! The waitress Bianca barely acknowledged to my husband and I. Just asked if we wanted distilled water, and slammed our glasses and drinks on the table. Disappeared for 20 min, and returned asking "Do you know what you want?" Another couple was seated next to us, after we arrived, and were greeted and told the specials of the day, by the SAME WAITRESS :-0. She continuously checked on them while keeping her back towards us.  This was not an overall good experience. I'd never eat there again!!!My colleagues and I came here for lunch and we loved it!  The Brussels sprouts were fantastic, they were a bit charred and crunchy, with a slight vinegar flavor to them. We also enjoyed the prosciutto as an appetizer, which was delicious. The eggplant rollatini was slightly heavy on the ricotta cheese for my taste but it came with a nice, chunky tomato sauce. Also the Kennett pizza was a hit with all of us!simply sensational!  deserves the 4 1/2 star rating.  wish there was one in DC. Eye opening experience.  Definitely as good as it gets.  I'm a fan and usually a tough critic.I love Zavinos. I can easily say I visit Zavs at UCity at least once a month for happy hour. Their happy hour is incredible - $8 marg pizza, $6 rosemary flatbread and house ricotta (which is delicious!), $5 house wines, $4 bartenders choice, $3 iron city lagers. Their meats and cheese board is also fantastic - the drunken goat cheese is great, the prosciutto is great, the whole grain mustard is great, etc.Underrated as one of the best restaurants on campus. Been here 3 times now, and it has never disappointed. The pizzas are wonderful, with their thin crust, lightness, and refreshing flavors. The crust is lightly charred to perfection each time to complement the slightly sweet tomato sauce. I recommend the Stache pizza the most, with an unconventional blend of arugula and pistachio powder.
The hanger steak has also been cooked to perfection, with a juicy, bursting core of deliciousness that pairs well with the parsley sauce and light lemon acidity.
My only complaint today would be that the chicken skewer was slightly unevenly done, likely due to the uneven morsel size. The first piece was exquisite, but the second, smaller piece came to be a bit dry.
Tldr, full recommend, come try it if you haven't yet!Came here for a dinner date last night and had a pretty decent time. We decided to sit at the bar, and we had a really nice bartender/server. She was knowledgeable about the menu and specials, and gave us ample time to review the menu and drink choices. She even recommended us a dessert at the end which I enjoyed. 
I also ordered the blood orange old fashioned, which was really good. I like my drinks strong, and my biggest complaint when we go out is a sweet girly drink. I really enjoyed this drink a lot, and hats off to the bartender. 
The reason for the lack in stars is that I believe there's a slight mismatch in the quality/flavor of food and the prices. The prices are decent, not too extravagant but pizzas are priced around $15 for a 10" pie and honestly I've had better. The dough is good though. But for example, I had the mushroom pizza with carmelized onions and béchamel, which is VERY similar to the pizza at Enjays, but Enjays does it 100% times better. It's just more flavorful there, this was just missing.. something. The special pizza was pretty good, butternut squash, apple puree, and bleu cheese was very inventive.
The tiramisu mousse inside of a mason jar was perfectly priced at $5 and I enjoyed that to close my meal. So I'd maybe go for happy hour, but for dinner the pizza just isn't there for me.The food here greatly exceeded my expectations! I went in thinking it was going to be a standard Italian place but the quality of the food really blew me away. I ordered "The Stache" pizza and the "Agnolotti". Both had an interesting combination of ingredients that really complemented each other nicely. The thing that was most apparent to me is that they use really high quality ingredients. I highly recommend this place!Awesome. I never branch out from center city or south philadelphia to go out for dinner, but Zavino University City is worth the trip. Great staff, great food.I came here with two friends, and we ordered two small plates to share among the three of us and an entree each. The ravioli changes daily, so I tried that. Everything was top notch!Came here again for a birthday dinner and HAD to change my review to a 5 star. The gnocchi, brussels sprouts, and rosemary flatbread with creamy ricotta were AMAZING and I opted for the STACHE pizza again. So good. Everything.
The creamy ricotta dish was my favorite of the evening. Would order this again in a heartbeat.
Please go. The price for each of us was only around $12 including tax and tip... and the food was some of the best I've had in a while. What more could you ask for?
It is going to be kind of dangerous that I'll be living so so close to this restaurant for the next two years. This will definitely be a go-to restaurant for me, and I'm excited to try more!This tiny restaurant is best on a sunny day when outside seating is available.  Pizza is the star here and there are specials everyday.  Food is very fresh and delicious.  Great locationIt was just ok. Ordered the special for the evening- pork belly and it was just mediocre. The wine was decent. Probably won't be back anytime soon.I really like this place the atmosphere is cool. It's really dark tho so if you can't see well reading the menu might be difficult.
I had the Rosemary flat bread as an app. They dipping oil was veryyyyyy salty, but the bread was good. I got the stache pizza as a main corse and it was ok. I decided to sub the pesto with tomato sauce. I had the tiramisu for dessert which was very small. Overall it was ok nothing spectacular.Everything was delicious! Huge fan of the spaghetti squash. Great customer service. Can't wait to go back! The ricotta bread is also a must.I have always deeply loved Zavino. As my previous reviews for their original location suggests...
If you haven't been to Zavino, you don't know anything about delicious gourmet pizza, hand made pastas, kick ass brunch, beautiful beverage offerings and the meat & cheese board that just refuses to let you down. 
Their staple margherita pizza is one of my favorites. Chef does an AWESOME job at offering such delicious dishes. You cannot go here once and justify your experience. Service is also great. Really friendly and knowledgable staff who will tell you what you need to know about baby jesus. (Really, ask about their baby jesus. You won't regret...unless you're a vegetarian.)
This new location boasts beautiful, elegant, rustic decor that is great for happy hour gatherings, random date nights and weekend brunches.We came for brunch after a long bike ride and the food was SO GOOD!!!The pizza dough has an obvious salty flavor, but overall, the pies are thick and flavorful with fresh tomatoes and toppings.  Their rosemary flat bread and creamy ricotta is a marquee menu item--the savory bread is brought to the table still warm from the oven and the ricotta cheese is like eating a soft white cloud.  The University City area is finally blessed with a gourmet pizzeria, but it's the quality vegetable, meat, and cheese plates that are the leading characters on the menu.An unexpected delight!!! Food was truly outstanding! Service superb, atmosphere outside wonderful. Wine just okay. Osteria at  a much better price. Will definitely be back.This is my second time at Zavino, although my girlfriend has been many times before.
We ordered the BABY JESUS appetizer, the EGGPLANT PARMESAN small plate and the  DIAVOLO pizza.  I didn't have the eggplant but was told it was tasty.  The Baby Jesus and the Diavolo pizza were excellent.  The meats they use are second to none.
The downside:  I asked for a Coke and I am brought a Coke in a tiny 12 oz. bottle and a small glass with ice.  I finished it just after the meal came out.  I was never asked if I wanted another one and I couldn't find the waitress to ask for another.  This also happened the first time I visited Zavino.
What restaurant doesn't have a soda gun?  Why are they serving soda in little bottles?
It may seem minor but their cured meats are salty (of course) and you can work up a thirst while eating.
That being said, it will not stop me from going because the food is very good.  Maybe next time I will just ask for 2 bottles up front.Best gluten free pizza ever!!! We had to ask the waiter if they mistakenly gave us regular pizza. The spaghetti squash small plate is delish!The hostess was kind and our waitress was extremely patient with us since we did take a while to decide on what we wanted. We finally decided on the margarita pizza and brunch calzone. The pizza was a bit burnt on the bottom but I didn't really mind. The calzone was cheesy and stuffed with potatoes, eggs and sausage. My only complaint is that I was seated right by the door so it was a bit chilly. Other than that, I would love to visit again.The ricotta of the day is what keeps me coming back. Overall, the service is great, the location is convenient, the ambience is clean and rustic, they have a nice selection of craft beer. But seriously: ricotta. You won't regret it.This place was better than expected. I say that because its basically inside of the Drexel and Penn campus area and not many food places take students as serious diners.
So while visiting some of my student friends decided ti give it a try. The margehrite pizza was seriously very good. The gnocci dish for 9$ was also very good, small portion but had some quality to it with the spinach and cheese stuffing and the cherry tomato sauce. My only concern was that it did not come out hot, when something is fresh from the kitchen you should know it, so when its not hot i get to thinking why. The brussels sprouts were roasted and quite good.  Had another pasta dish with the veal meatballs and it was also decent. The staff were friendly and that is important because if they dont like it there why should you. Now we sat at the bar but i would like to see them treat all customers as diners and not drinkers who are eating. In other words lead with the food. Im giving them a 5 because they are so close. I will return an update.I'm officially obsessed with Zavino! I've had Zavino's pizza four times in the last two weeks to make up for all the time that I wasted not having it in my life.
On my first visit, I wasn't sure what to order. I was debating between The Joey and Kennett since I love spinach and mushrooms, so I asked my server which one she would choose. She enthusiastically recommended The Joey, and I took her suggestion and ordered that. My pizza came shortly after, and it was easily the best pizza I've had in my life. The crust was crispy on the outside and light and fluffy on the inside. I love the balance of veggie, meat, and cheese, and that it's not greasy. The pizza was smaller than expected, only 10", but I could only finish half of it anyway so it wasn't a problem for me. The next time I went here with a friend with whom I went to Pizzeria Beddia, and we both agreed that Zavino is better and that The Joey surpasses what we got from Pizzeria Beddia. I usually come here for lunch, so I never have an issue with not being able to get a table, but I can imagine how packed Zavino would be on Friday night.Weekday night dinner with the hubby.  Right off Penn/Drexel campus.  Parking was a b, but we will remember to pretend we r going to the World Cafe (which is right around the block).  Smallish place with somenoutside seating.  Nice urban decor with an open kitchen where u can watch the guys cook.   Service was very. I e and prompt.  Wait staff was knowledgeable and accommodating (we ordered too much and with no problem they cancelled one dish).  No comments on bar as we didn't drink   Now the food - Wow - we read reviews and yes, right on for the veal meatballs and butternut squash delicious homemade pasta.  Yum!   Definitely makes it on our list as as place we can count onI came here in a group of 5 for lunch during a weekday, and we were seated right away. It was definitely busy, but not crowded. The atmosphere is nice and the decor is lovely!
All 5 of us shared 2 salads, 3 small plates, and 2 pizzas. Everything was delicious, and at the end, we were perfectly full (but not too stuffed). We had 2 salads: the Roasted Beet (kale, goat cheese, candied pecans red beet and port reduction) and the Wedge (Iceberg lettuce, cranberries, pears, walnuts, gorgonzola, house-made ranch dressing).
For Small Plates, we had the Ricotta (served with rosemary flatbread), Roasted Cauliflower (curry, pine nuts, currant breadcrumbs), and Eggplant Parmesan (ricotta, tomato vodka sauce, parmesan).
We shared 2 pizzas, the Butternut Squash (buffalo mozzarella, butternut squash, caramelized red onions, pepitas, sage) and The Stache (whole wheat crust, pistachio pesto, mozzarella, parmesan, lemon vinaigrette, baby arugula).
My favorite dishes were the Ricotta, Eggplant Parmesan, and Butternut Squash Pizza. The prices can be a bit expensive for a lunch meal, but the food is amazing, so it's a great place to go to treat yourself.Here's the Deal:  came here for lunch. decor was fine, nice bar area to sit at as well. LOVED the food!!!  The small plates were wonderful for a "family" style of dining. The fresh warm bread (a'la pizza crust) with Ricotta & Olive oil was delicious.  Meatballs big thumbs up as well. The table ordered different lunch specials and everyone loved their entree.  Didn't get to try the pizza or dessert.. Will try it next time!Great service cozy spot for lunch or dinner.  Recommend the Kennet square pizza and bartender knowledgable about wine pairings.The mark up here is ridiculous. They have a $5.99 Cab (their only cab) on the menu for $32. Wine of the moment taste like grape jelly. It's a great atmosphere ruined by overpriced wine.Terrific place. Friendly, good service. The pizzas are delicious with a light dough and flavorful sauce and toppings. The ricotta is yummy. A good selection of small and large plates, pastas, and pizzas.Yelp app strike gold again!  This restaurant is truly a  great find.  It is slightly on the "hipster" side of things but overall theme was not too bad.  Their pizza is one of the best I have had in philly.  The ingredients are very fresh and they do not over power one another.  I also ordered the steak on a stick which was a good but interesting.  The steak was very well seasoned but extremely over cooked and dry.  It was also served with pesto.   I am not a big fan of pesto but theirs was one of the better ones I have had and the flavors played well with the beef.  In fact I think the pesto is what saved the dish from being a total wash.  I really like the coke being served in a glass bottle it really fit in with the theme and I really do think it added to the experience.  Their wine list and pairing is interesting.  I love the fact they offer half glass of wine so you can pair the wi e with small plates.  The wine appears to be locally sourced however I would like to see a little higher quality wine.  It wasn't a bad wine but overall lacked general flavor.  I would definitely go back!