zento is my favorite sushi spot in Philadelphia.  i am a huge fan of their volcano roll, i make sure to get two every time!  it is a good place to have a birthday dinner! we had my birthday dinner there last night and the staff was very friendly and accommodating.  the decor and ambiance of the space is very nice.  i highly recommend zento.The food was good but the service was just Horrible. We had to wait for over 30 minute to even have our forder taken. They could have make up for the wait by taking our drinks orders quickly but not even.. (we probably waited 20 minutes to get our drinks). I do not know if it is always like that but I sure will not give it anoither shot as there is so many more choices in the city for sushis.Best sushi I've had in a long time. My fav spot in the city used to be Raw, but I feel like you get more bang for your buck. I'm vegan and the vegetarian roll selection was awesome. Between my boyfriend and i, we ordered the Kanpyo Roll, cucumber roll,  asparagus roll, grilled mushroom roll, the Hang on salmon roll, green roll, the real California roll, and the green roll. We also got miso soup  and edamame. Excellent food. The service was a little confusing because we had two waitresses but they were both very friendly and got everything that we needed. Highly recommended.Very good sushi and a nice cozy atmosphere. The soft shell crab roll was fantastic...The food was really pretty good. 
But... this is a BYO that charges $10 corking fee. PER BOTTLE.  It wasn't really clearly communicated either, so the bill was a bit of a surprise.meh, i really have experienced better. 
i ordered take-out sushi one day while at work. i chose zento because i had never been, and i wanted to try a different sushi restaurant (i was tempted to stick with makiman...i should have listened to my gut.)
i ordered some type of tropical roll and a futomaki roll to change things up. both were not great. the tropical roll was *slightly* more palatable than the futomaki which was completely inedible. i don't know what they stuffed into the futomaki but there was something that didn't agree with my taste buds. the tropical roll sounded better on the menu than it did in real life. at over 20 usd for my order, i felt like the rolls could have been better quality.
again, as i am wont to do in situations like this, i will return for a second visit just to make sure that i didn't hit this restaurant on a bad day, but i'm not going to go out of my way to return here since there are so many other sushi restaurants to try.I was so pleasantly surprised by my dinner here. I've been before and was non-plussed, so I wasn't expecting much. The appetizers were phenomenal and got me pretty excited to change my opinion. 
The ceviche was delicious: peppery, citrusy and fresh . The tuna tartar was equally great and fresh, with crunchies on top and a (not overwhelming) drizzle of spicy sauce. Then: roast duck handrolls. Oh. Yea. I was basically beaming at this point. My rolls (salmon avocado and yellowtail scallion) were great, the chirashi was on point, even the teryaki dinners got great reviews and looked very hearty and well-presented. 
The reverse happy hour has me looking forward to my next visit. The ambiance is also really nice, great for a date, girls night or dinner with parents.4 stars - just missing one due to service- a bit slow and our waitress was not too knowledgable in regards to questions! However- excellent, fresh sashimi and sushi and I love the atmosphere of this place. I've been here twice and both the upstairs and downstairs are super cute, intimate, and inviting :-) yum!I love the ambiance of this place. There are (at least) two dining areas, one upstairs and one downstairs. We were seated downstairs. The room has a nice high ceiling and is generally pretty dimly lit, with alcoves in the stone walls for candles. They have a couple of flatscreens high up on the walls showing black and white films -- I caught bits of two of them while I was there. One was a gangster film and the other seemed to be a Jet Li martial arts thing. Personally, I would expect a bit more of a sword/martial/samurai theme given the name of the restaurant but I really can't complain! Maybe they should show old jidaigeki films on those flatscreens to get a bit more on theme. 
My friend and I had a coupon from LivingSocial for a seven course tasting menu for two. The coupon described a meal including choices like "wagyu beef and zento's famous square sushi", but what we received was very different. The courses were as follows:
1. Miso soup with mussels - I am not a fan of miso soup; usually I find the fishy flavor of the dashi to be overpowering. However, this soup was exceptional. The flavors were really well balanced and the mussels were very tasty. 
2. Calamari Salad - a few rings of deep fried calamari over greens. I liked it.
3. Crab cakes - two small handmade fried crab cakes. These were pretty plain and could have used a bit more sauce. They tasted fine, but nothing exceptional about it.
4. White fish carpaccio - three thin slices of white fish very well plated. Delicious and easy on the eyes!
5. Chicken Teriyaki - a couple of pieces of chicken, sauce, and a small mound of spinach and mushrooms. This dish was by far the most disappointing of the night as it was both small and boring. The greens were more exciting than the chicken. It tasted fine but nothing stood out about it, especially given that this should be an entree course. This is where the advertised Wagyu beef or square sushi should have been.
6. Sushi platter - Four nigiri sushi (salmon, tuna, white tuna, yellowtail) and half a roll. The sushi was incredible -- by far the best I've had in Philadelphia (for reference, I have had sushi at Pod, Mizu, Mixx, Aki, Green Garden, and the now defunct Genji). The roll had some sort of mayo based sauce in it (usually a no-no for me) but it was just perfectly balanced. 
7. Dessert (shared) - Tofu cheesecake and red bean mochi ice cream. This was fine but unexciting. The cheesecake was better than expected but still pretty bland, and the ice cream was good. My girlfriend ordered some Tempura green tea icecream which I stole a bite of -- now THAT was a good dessert! 
Additionally, the meal came with some non-alcoholic cocktails. I tried a green apple based drink and a white peach based drink, both of which were quite tasty. 
Overall it felt like a reasonable value but mainly because of the Livingsocial price. I could see spending $35 plus tax and tip for this meal as a very nice value, but at $70 it would be overpriced.This place is great! Came here first time with an Amazon local deal, and loved it. Thanks to other Yelp reviews I found out it is a BYOB but you want sake they do have a lot of options for that too. I'm sure they have other drinks, but I'm not asking questions why they allow patrons to bring their own alcohol!
Had the sashimi platter the first time and the tuna pizza. (good!) Bought two more deals to come back in the future. There always seems to be something on Groupon/Living Social for Zento deals- look for them!
Also thanks to the website I found out the restaurant validates parking (completely free!) for the weekends (Starting Thursday) in the garage on 2nd in the block north of Chestnut St.My boyfriend and I ate here for the first time last weekend.  The ambiance was good.  The staff was friendly and attentive.  The food was tasty especially the Mexican Roll.  Overall, it was a great experience.  The only thing that we suggest that they do is bring out items, such as the shrimp dumplings, on a hot, covered plate to keep it as hot/warm as possible while bringing it from the kitchen, which is in the basement.The server brought water and took orders for a table that was sat after me. 15 mins later she comes after she overheard me explain to my guest why we should leave. We ordered cerviche, sushi rolls and sake. We were at the restaurant for 2.5 hours. We believed the kitchen was understaffed because of the wait, the place is small, dark, but wasn't terribly crowded. The cerviche was not your typical I wouldn't order it again, the sushi rolls were good but nothing to get wild over;and the sake was just sake. Overall service irritated me and food was just ok, the wait if wasn't in great company unacceptable.Delicious food with affordable menu! Casual yet high-end, sophisticated atmosphere. A friendly, knowledgeable, professional staff. Zento's is a wonderful dining experience! Great place to meet friends and drink, eat, hang-out for hours!!!Mediocre at best, expensive & slow delivery. Why can't I find a good sushi place that delivers in Philly!Good decoration and exellent service moreover the food tells everyrhing.  Al least people should try out onceI've been dying to try out Zento for some time. I went with a few friends and it was all that I hoped it would be. 
It was a rainy night in Philly when my friends and I decided we would go to this tiny tiny sushi place in old city. We figured sushi would be a perfect way to avoid some holiday overeating...however, we were wrong. The food was too good not to order a ton of.  I don't care, it was worth it. 
Two items stand out in my mind as the best. 1. The Zento signature square roll and 2. the tuna pizza. 
What made their signature roll extra special was this house made delicious plum sauce. It was sweet like an eel sauce but still different, tasty and unique. 
Next, the tuna pizza. It has everything I love...seaweed salad, raw tuna and a special spicy sauce on a wonton...it wasn't' so easy to eat in pieces but i loved it so much it didn't matter. 
The only thing I was not crazy about was the place. It's super small and sort of run down. BUT the great news is that they're moving to a bigger/nicer place a half a block away! I can't wait to go again to the new place!I still love this location.  Sake, and sushi are the best.  My personal favorite sushi is the dragon roll.  I also love the pearl sake.  THIS IS THE BEST JAPANESE RESTAURANT in philly.  Check out the review video:  http://www.youtube.com/w...I have never written a review of restaurant but the worst service I have ever experienced inspired me to do so.  I have worked in the restaurant business for about 20 years and while I know it can be annoying when people use coupons and vouchers, there is absolutely no need to be obnoxiously rude about it which our waiter was.  I purchased the 7 course tasting menu deal on Living Social because while my son loves good food, he tends to inhale it so I don't always love spending a fortune on a meal for him.  We made a reservation but were seated in the bar area even though there were multiple open tables in the dining room available.  Our waiter sat at the bar watching us for about 10 minutes before approaching the table and when he did, he said "tasting menu, can I get your coupon?"  He never asked if we wanted a drink or anything else when he greeted us or at any point during our meal.  I do not eat meat and I asked if I could substitute and his reply in an extremely snarky, condescending tone was "no, it is a chef's tasting menu", the only thing he left out was "duh" which he obviously thinking.  I have have ordered many tasting menus at many restaurants and have never been denied a substitution for a dietary restriction.  Even if this restaurant does not substitute, had he been civil about it, I would have skipped that course without complaint.  When he presented each course, he barely grunted what we were eating.  When my son ordered a soda, it sat at the bar for so long while our waiter watched TV,  half the ice in the glass had melted and he had to drain the glass before pouring his soda in.  At the end of our meal, our waiter dropped the check immediately after dropping dessert without asking if we wanted anything else, which we might have had he not been so rude.  I have experienced incompetent service on many occasions and it has been tolerable because at least the service was civil.  This server was clearly capable but acted as if he were doing us a favor by bringing us the food we paid for.  I have never been tempted to not leave gratuity in my life but I came very close tonight.  I typically would have tipped on the value of the meal and not what I purchased it for but I could not bring myself to do that either.  I ended up compromising and tipped on the price of the Living Social voucher plus what we spent on additional food and drinks.  As for the food, it was solid but had it's ups and downs.  The Miso soup, calamari salad and dessert were very good, the carpaccio and sashimi were excellent.  The crab cake was not great, it was fishy tasting and had a lot of shells in it.  We ordered an additional tempura lobster roll which was fine but not exciting.  I really wanted to and fully expected to love this place.  Overall, the food was good, the prices were reasonable but the service made the experience miserable.Everyone was very nice as soon as I walked in the door. They are happy to create a sushi dinner for you if you just tell them what you like. I ordered the King Crab Miso soup and it was exceltently salted with good sized peices of crab. The rice-less sushi roll was fill with great raw fish and the broiled salmon was chared to the right level. I liked the salmon especially because it still had the skin, which was crispy. Everything was very fresh and seasoned spot on. I will return. BYOBMussels steamed in beer with a slight green curry was my favorite dish/appetizer of the night. The dragon roll with crunchy spicy tuna with avacado was good and we also got the zento square sushi and we went half salmon and half tuna was good too!Visited Philadelphia back in November, and wanted to see if we could find some good sushi near our hotel. While Morimoto down the street was a place we probably would have enjoyed very much, we were concerned that it would be a difficult place to fully enjoy with our 3 year old, and instead went to Zento after reading many favorable reviews. I must say we were glad we decided to come here - great experience! It's not as avant-garde as Morimoto-san's place is, but definitely tasty!
We made a reservation and were seated promptly in their upstairs space. Drinks and appetizers came in a flash, and so did our sushi order. The wait staff was very friendly and efficient, but not hovering or impersonal. 
The food was delicious, every bit of it. We really liked the scallop carpaccio, the Peking duck hand roll, the nigiri hirame. It's a little on the higher priced side, but as with most sushi that's really authentic, well worth it - sushi is served at the right temperature and in the proper portions - they don't overdo the amount of rice or fillers, and we left satisfied but not overstuffed. It was especially fun to watch our little one wolf down an entire bowl of udon in short order - I never knew that much food could fit into such a little kid!
Our only "gripe" was the music. I realize that Zento wants to be a trendier place, and the music wasn't terrible, but it was a bit loud and overbearing. A bit of quieter ambient music would have hit the spot, and let diners chat a bit more, without having to speak loudly.
Overall, we enjoyed it very much, and were impressed with their ability and interest in accommodating our young child with us on a little bit of a late night dining run. Would definitely return!!At first glance it doesn't look like a 5 star sushi place. However; never judge a book by its cover. The service was amazing. Our waitress was oh so happy to be working and thoroughly enjoyed her work. Rare in Philly! The choices of sushi rolls were Amazing! Try the King Crab Miso Soup! If you like pho its a combo of miso with a large amount of crab thrown in! Its BYOB and the liquor store is just up the corner. We tried the Pear Sake in the blue bottle. Also exquisite!  I loved this place and recommend it highly!It is my favorite sushi place in old city, the rolls are just delicious and the staff is friendly, I would definitively recommend that placeTried the place with a groupon, and we will be back. Went on a Sunday night and the place was not busy at all. In fact, we experienced a random act of kindness out front looking for a parking spot. A woman was leaving her spot right in front of Zento, got out of her car and ran over to us while we were waiting for her. She handed me her unused parking reciept, paid until 9:30pm. It was 7 pm. Nice of her.
We tried the tuna pizza, aithough it is smaller than pictured, it was delicious. We got the usual assortment of rolls, no problem. Service was great. They dinged us with $10 corkage for a $6 bottle of wine, in spite of reading here that it was Fri and Sat only.. Oh well. I can see doing that on a busy night, but there were only 3 couples eating there.This is ranked among the best sushi I've ever had!  I don't remember the names but we had 8 rolls and they were all winners!Terrible Management / Great food. 
I've been calling this place for the past 3 days now trying to get a manager on the phone, but there's never a manager on site.  I've left messages with my phone number, and no one bothers to care about customers and calling me back. 
The food was good but I hate places that are poorly managed... it's just a matter of time for this one.Contemporary sushi rolls with ingredients that make you raise an eyebrow. 
I had to try the basics before I try the new, innovative stuff
Wow. What a bummer. 
I got five pieces of sushi and a spicy tuna roll. 
The first thing for a great sushi is the rice. This rice was overcooked And was old and cold. So instead of plump pieces of rice clinging to each other I got a sticky, cold, sticky mass. Bad!!!
The fish was not good. Scallop wasn't sweet. Texture of yellow tail was wrong. 
The roll was really strange. Way too much of the crunch, couldn't taste the tuna, only the oil flavored crunch. Again, the rice was terrible in the roll. 
2 dollars for tea. No alcohol yet. 
I've been to some great sushi bars in NY, San Francisco, LA and in Japan. This was not good sushiBest sushi in town! Always fresh and delicious. I recommend this spot to anyone who is looking for sushi in Philly. I've been eating here for a few years now and I've never been disappointed.I think this is probably more of a 3.5 star sort of place..excellent sushi with a good meat to rice ratio, interesting side dishes, and a good modern atmosphere.  Major detractors are: 1) drinks are pretty meh..their descriptions sound very tasty but nothing was that amazing 2) the price is a bit high, and I think I can probably only afford this (barely!) using the Livingsocial deal.
That being said, I do think it's a good option for sushi in the Old City area.Though I waver between three and four stars (hence if there were .5's I would give this place 3.5 stars), I think my experience here is closer to 3 than 4 stars so I'm rounding down. 
Two main reasons why: 
a) I was not too happy with their service. I may be overly sensitive, but the waitress carried with her this pretentious aura. Mehhh
b) Their food was not memorable. Pls note - I did not say tasteless, mediocre, or bad, meaning the food itself didn't taste bad or anything, but it didn't really do much for me. I just remember it being "good enough" and the portions being really small. Ehhh.
Funny note: their bathroom sign has some gibberish written in Korean and is a male stick figure peeping over a female stick figure while she's trying to use the bathroom. And, no, it did not say 'peeping tom' in Korean. lol  
TIP: They are, indeed, BYOB and they do not charge a corking fee which is awesome. Also, the restaurant is very cozy and actually an ideal place to take someone out to for a date.A hidden gem in old city. Morimoto/Nobu quality Japanese cuisine at a third of the price.  Not only is the sushi incredible,  but the miso marinaded sea bass was the best piece of fish I've ever had the pleasure of eating. So, if in Philly and in the mood for Japanese,  then make sure to reserve your table at Zento.Best sushi I've had in Philadelphia. The place is very small so it may be difficult to get a table later in the evening on weekends. Reservations are a good idea especially for larger groups.
Service is great and their special rolls are amazing. As others have said, try the Zento square roll!There was only one waiter working when we went, so we got ignored.  That's not the waiter's fault, it's the management's.  I thought the sushi was tasty, but it was WAY too expensive for what we got.  The rolls were tiny and I left hungry.  Bummer.  We won't be returning.  I think this place took that "best of Philly" award and got a little ahead of itself.  
Side note: obnoxious family next to us came to a sushi place and asked for substitutions for all the fish in all the dishes they ordered.  wtf....if you don't like fish you should not go to a sushi restaurant and order dishes with fish in them.  rudeI went to Zento before a concert at Penn's Landing. It was a little early for dinner (around 5:30) on a Thursday night and there was only one other couple in the restaurant. I had the King Crab Miso Soup, which was really good and had a lot of crab meat in it, although I'm not sure it was worth $5. I also had the Love Roll, which was one of the Zento Signature Rolls on the menu. It was so pretty and elegant looking! Everything was very fresh. 
I think this is a good place for a date -- it's a cool, intimate little place. 
It is BYOB (I believe there was a $5 corkage fee). The $10 Yelp deal was a nice bonus!The clam sashimi I got was small and really rubbery and flavorless but the sushi was pretty okay. I got the Love Roll with asparagus, avocado, eel, yellowtail, salmon and tuna and it was very very light on the eel, which is a shame. The roll wasn't really that full and was a lot of rice. I don't think I'll be back.I recently purchased a Groupon for this place, and decided to take my wife out tonight.  
First, I will start with the positives.  The food and drinks were very good.  We thoroughly enjoyed everything we ordered.  The servers were great; super friendly, and quick to take care of whatever you needed.  The atmosphere was also very nice.  Great decor and ambiance.  
Now let's talk about the negatives.  My wife order the Pinot Noir, and thought she was going to get what they advertised on the menu.  What she got was a 9 dollar glass of Barefoot Pinot Noir (retail price per bottle 9.99 -12.99).  I ordered the Tennessee Tokyo (Jack based drink) which included "fresh orange and fresh lime juice".  As I watched the bartender poor in Tropicana, I began to question all of the ingredients being advertised for both food and drink. Second, the price was very high.  Even with our Groupon, we still ended up spending close to a hundred bucks for dinner and drinks for two.  
Overall, this place is good.  However, with all of the great sushi places in the city that are off the beaten path, we have easily found places that offer more bang for your buck.  Not sure if I would go back, but still enjoyed my experience.Came here tonight as a spontaneous dinner date after hearing my colleagues rave about the food and atmosphere, and boy was I impressed! From the vast selection of sake and cocktails (must try the lychee mojito!!), to the ambiance and service, I must say this is one of the best sushi restaurants I've been to! Christian was our server and was very knowledgeable and friendly. I can't believe it took me this long to try this place!!! 5/5This was pretty good.  Wife's sushi was good, as was my salmon.  Will say though that the sweet-potato-tempura roll could have used more punch (a bit of lemon?  something) to ramp up the flavor a bit.Our friend James raves and raves, but he hasn't shown us the zen-like experience that he speaks of... the sushi is expensive, the taste is mediocre, and I'd really rather eat somewhere else. Not impressed, and not wanting to spend the money for something so lack-luster.
E-Moneh's perspective -  
Small sushi place with a small sushi menu.
Go around the corner to the next Sushi place - which in Philly is likely less than 1 block.  I bet it will be better and less expensive.
$I have to admit Zento is a favorite of mine and holds a special place in my heart. 
With that said, I held a star only because parking is such a hassle and the music selection of terrible nightclub beats makes me nervous. 
The sushi, AMAZING. Always fresh and tasty. 
The miso kingcrab soup is a great starter.
Service is great and always pleasant.
A favorite sushi restaurant in the city for sure :)Had my first sushi experience here- It was everything I'd hoped for! Trendy spot, quick service, has a nice bar. We had fun walking around the area afterwards too. Im no expert on sushi, but by the taste of it I knew I was getting quality. Recommended!Ambience: At first glance, it looks tiny. But the restaurant is narrow and goes in very deep. The decor was nice
Service: Above standard, about 3.5 stars. The male server was attentive but not overbearing, my water was always full when needed
Drinks: I tried the Peach Cosmo. For $10, I've unfortunately had better. It was nice and strong which I appreciated, but overall, meh on taste
Food: Standard
- Miso soup + crab meat : 4 stars! This was my favorite part of the meal. The crab meat was plentiful and delicious. The miso soup broth was quite good, not too salty or sweet like some other places.
- Rainbow roll & the one that looks just like rainbow roll but has shrimp tempura on the inside. I think this is half our fault for ordering something so similar, but they were exactly the same just different topping on the inside (california roll vs shrimp tempura). But the sushi itself was very standard. Presentation was standard, and whoops, the sushi fell apart as soon as I picked it up with my chopsticks.. that's a no-no. It wasn't BAD, it just didn't blow me away. 
In my opinion, Fat Salmon is still my favorite sushi spot in Philly thus far. I wouldn't mind giving Zento another try and ordering some different stuff.. but from what we got it was very meh. maybe i'll roll back with a groupon in hand for one last try...Zen is one of my favorite restaurants in old city. The atmosphere is good for dates. I went here with two of friends because I had a living social voucher. Before they let you use the voucher on lunch specials as well but not anymore. 
We ordered the tuna pizza, old city roll, tuna crunch roll and the double shrimp roll. Out of those the old city roll is usually my go to. In addition to those I also like the zento square roll, the sashimi roll and the tofu cheesecake. 
The other cool thing about this place is that they have a phone charging station downstairs so you can charge your phone if needed.Quaint setting, small establishment, but big on flavor. Wait staff is kind and knowledgable. Everything was exactly as you'd expect for a meal that is in a bit higher price range. Overall very satisfied and will definitely be back for more delicious sushi. Pro tip, get the Volcano Roll.Good food, nice staff, great service, cute decor. 
I honestly recommend this place to everyone. Its a nice place to bring a few people to hang out and a lot of people go on dates here. They also host a lot of free events (which is how i discovered it) so check it out next time. I even met the owner and he recommended other good restaurants and dishes to try in the area.
I love the udon and dragon roll sushi but I sometimes stop by JUST for the Mochi ice cream, it is soooooooo good. Never had a bad dish or bad experience here.
Just to emphasize how nice they are, I sat on their seats outside one hot day because I was so hot and tired and the waiter came out and offered me a glass of water! 
5 stars for not only being a good quality restaurant, but for being decent people.
UPDATE: Zento is still one of my favorite regular places to visit. You get to know the staff very well and the owner often comes down and mingles with the guests. They frequently hold events here and it is just a lively place to be at.Thank Goodness for the Groupon discount! Still spent additional $100 on top of the $70 for $120 deal.
I'll tip my hat off to their freshness. The Hamachi melts in yo mouf! Although their sushi is fresh, Zento is quite too expensive for their serving sizes. $8 for a hand roll that you can devour in a single bite is ridiculous.
Oh. Don't get the Ramen. I was just curious toward the end of my meal, and you really just need to order the sushi! The ramen noodles were too thin to be ramen, and the broth was more on the salty side for my palette. Also, appetizer Calamari was also too breaded! Not enjoyable.Cute little place in the heart of the Old City nightlife on Chestnut St. Some tables outside but its a little too crowded for that. Cool decor inside, although looked semi under construction. Small place, tables close together.. Good service, and its BYOB!! They have some pretty cool different rolls, there was one that was like a fish taco roll, YUM. They also have a sweet potato tempura roll which is what really sold me on it. Id go back.The history of this space is amazing.  It was a wholesale tea-house at the turn of the century.  More important, Ben Franklin's Mistress lived here for a long time!  He only had one?  Still, totally believable given the history of  this block of Olde Town.
The sushi is fantastic for the price.  The Chef has a background which means he brings skills that other Japanese Chefs in the city can't match.  The intimacy of the places makes it great  to stop by for drinks after work.I love this BYOB sushi place. I've been coming here for a few years, as I used to live in the area. Coming back for the first time after moving out of old city, to my surprise, they added a corkage fee of $10. Our server was willing to accommodate us, comp the fee and they even gave us complimentary mochi ice cream. They are willing to go above and beyond to keep their customers happy and coming back. This is one of my personal favorites for sushi in the city. I love the crab miso soup, center city roll and love roll, but I'm sure you couldn't go wrong with anything on the menu.To my surprise, my favorite sushi place in the city opens late afternoon on Saturdays so I rerouted my car downtown to revisit this restaurant. I was last here in 2015 and remember the food was pretty good. This time I ordered the avocado salad, some sashimi and a branzino roll. Everything was excellent and fresh. Our server was nice but somewhat distracted with other things. I'll return to this restaurant some time and do recommend.Meeh.  It wasn't bad, I just wasn't particularly impressed with the sushi I ordered.  Maybe it was an off night, because for the most part the reviews on here were great.  First of all, the positive...our calamari appetizer was amazing, and our waitress was very gracious and attentive, and to top it off the prices are reasonable and it's a BYOB.  But the place is smaller than some people's closets (okay maybe not that small).  You are literally right on top of the people next to you...a little too close for me and difficult to tune out other peoples conversations.  The sushi was only OK.  Honestly, my Tuna and Salmon were not the freshest.  After practically living on raw fish in California, I expect when people say something's really fresh that you taste it.  I think for a nicer atmosphere and better sushi I'm better off at my neighborhood Umai Umai.Came here recently for a dinner free from shellfish and eel.  This limited the options noticeably more than some other area sushi restaurants.  We tried a couple of sashimi appetizers.  They were both tasty, but seem a bit pricey in retrospect.  
We also tried a few rolls.  They happily let us modify one of the rolls by adding avocado, which was nice.  The salmon skin roll -- which is often a hit or miss item -- was well executed here.  The sweet potato tempura roll was surprisingly good and I may well be ordering it more in the future.
There are some beers and wines available, but the selection was not particularly impressive.  Service was good.  The restaurant recently moved a few storefronts over so the place looks all brand new.An all around disappointing dining experience. 
We were seated promptly and our beers were brought after a few minutes. That's where the positives end.
We waited over 30 minutes for our apps to come after ordering...and the Peking duck roll was just too small and bland to be worth $13!
We waited another 30 minutes for our food! The salmon and fatty tuna sashimi were thin meager pieces with an odd texture and stale flavor.
The eel roll was overly dressed. The chicken teriyaki was mediocre at best. 
Overall a disappointing experience on both the service and food side. The restaurant appeared understaffed on a Saturday night as I saw my waiter being both a bartender and a server. Will not be back.Went there for the first time tonight. Everything was quality, and tasted great. I got the shrimp dumplings, which were excellent. Probably my favorite part of the meal. With that, I also got the crunchy spicy salmon roll, and the spicy scallop rolls. All of which were high quality. The put a wholeee lot of crunch on top of the salmon rolls, which gave it an odd taste, but that's a minor complaint. Scallop roll was tasty. All in all I was very happy, and will be returningDelicious!  My boyfriend and I stopped here on a whim for lunch and we were so glad we did!  The service was super friendly (he even gave us a table at 2:50 even though the restaurant closes at 3pm before they re-open for dinner).  
I had the vegetarian lunch special, which is served with miso soup and a salad as appetizers.  The miso soup was delicious and full of flavor.  The house salad with ginger dressing was very fresh, light, and tasty.  The two sushi rolls I got were really very nice - my favorite was the avocado and cucumber roll.  
Great lunch!  We'll be back :-DNot your average Japanese cuisine! Best atmosphere and friendliest staff in old city by far. The sushi is uber fresh, delectable and miraculously plated. Grab a reservation as this restaurant fills up fast!!Have walked by this place a hundred times, and the day I decide to stop in I discover they are closed for business.  Sign is gone, paper over the windows.  Previously I met the owner at his other place - Rotten Ralph's, which is almost across the street at 2nd and Chestnut, and he had hinted that the days of Zento were numbered.  The good news is that Roe is another Thai / Japanese sushi place a couple of doors down with really great sushi, and Rotten Ralph's is a cool place to drink with food, so you have options!  Try Roe.For such a tiny location, Zento really delivers fantastic sushi at a reasonable price. The size of a take out pizza place (I can't imagine more than 15 people sitting comfortably in here at one time), Zento is easy to write off. However, it has some of the best sushi I've had in the city. I went recently and had the summer sushi, a special of the day, sauteed mushrooms and asparagus, and king crab miso soup. Everything was fresh, presented beautifully, and flavorful. The staff is really attentive and was genuinely happy to hear that we had enjoyed our meal. As a plus, they do deliver, but there is a $40 minimum, yikes. However, this sushi is worth the walk/cab ride/etc.Lunch at Zento was the highlight of my day on 1/5/12. Granted, it is only 2:30 and there's a chance things could perk up from here, but I'm not sure what could top this flawlessly executed meal.
For a mere $10, you can enjoy miso soup (savory and rich, not watery at all), a green salad (sprinkled with black sesame seeds and a light ginger dressing) and two rolls from the list provided. I ordered my favorites: spicy tuna and salmoncado (this roll was not on the list, and had a $1 upcharge, but whatever). Michelle C ordered green tea for the both of us, which was served in a fancy handle-less mug, and had hints of an earthy rice flavor.
The rolls aren't massive, but I liked it that way. The rice:fish ratio is on point. No globs of rice falling off any piece. Both the tuna and salmon tasted fresher than any other sushi I've tasted in Philadelphia. 
Service was, if anything, too good. There are only so many times a two-top happily eating their sushi needs to be checked up on. 
I'll have to dine-in while they're still BYOB before their location changes to a "sexy and trendy establishment with a premium sake bar." Liquor licenses are the worst. 
Regardless, every bite was delicious. I'll be back, BYO or not.I don't know. I really want to love this place, but I just can't. And I'm only going off of delivery so I can't speak for what an actual meal at the restaurant is like. Maybe it's better eaten there?
I always crumble under pressure when ordering Sushi delivery. There are sooo many places to choose from and all of the specialty roles on each menu start to blend together after a while. All of the reviews start to sound the same, with the same ratings, same photos of sauce drenched rolls. So I always stick with what I know. Zento is good, don't get me wrong. The fish is pretty fresh, delivery is fast from Caviar. But I always finish the meal with "meh." I'm never blown away. The sauce the Shumai comes with has good flavor, and the peking duck hand roll is good and different. But I'm always disappointed with the rolls. For the prices they charge, I want the rolls to be flavorful and delicious, and I want to scrape the plate when I'm done wishing there was more. But in my opinion, they're always bland. I've tried the Tsunami Roll, Bronzino Roll, Double Shrimp Roll, and the Flaming Dragon Roll. They've all been mediocre. The Bronzino roll is almost $20 and just mediocre. 
I'm not writing this to bash the restaurant- overall I think Zento is fine. It's a safe delivery choice. But with little tweaks there's a lot of potential. I think if they could work on enhancing the flavors in the rolls (maybe even some sauce on the peking duck hand roll), lower the prices a little of the specialty rolls, and maybe create a few innovative varieties to make their menu stand out, it could go a long way.The sushi was excellent - very flavorful and delicious. However, the rolls are VERY small (diameter) especially for the price. Service was so-so....not so great. The decor is cozy, but a little tight (tables are very close together). I enjoyed my time  here, and I will definitely be going back.Absolutely delicious!
Try the Chilean sea bass!!! And the square roll!!!
Make sure you sit in the back room with historic brick walls and dripping wax candles in the walls.  
They also provide free validated parking for a certain parking lot and  free charging stations for all your devices in a locker downstairs by the bathrooms.This place was just decent. I went here on other reviews while I was in town, but was disappointed. I didnt know a sushi place could make a bad spicy tuna roll, but apparently they found a way. I got one of their signature rolls too, it was prettt good but it was waaaaay overpriced. Two other issues I had with this place was the loud club-like music that was blasting overhead, which reminded me of being in a dank bar. Furthermore, what sushi place has the sushi bar in the basement?? Where I am from, sushi bars are in eyesight of the restaraunt seating area and many times have bar space you can sit at and watch the chef make the food. The fish seemed fresh on my plate, but was disheartening to not see my sushi being prepared, seeing the waiter/bartender bring the food up from the basement seemed sketchy. I am in a land- locked state in Kentucky, but the sushi restaurant I attend there regularly is much better in my opinion. That's all I got.One of my favorite restaurants in Old City and one of my favorite sushi restaurants of all time. Place is small, but people are nice and sushi is delicious!The sweet potato tempura flake roll was OUTSTANDING. The place is cozy and friendly. One of the few sushi places I would actually return to.If you are looking for traditional Japanese sushi, then is not the place to go. If you are looking for American-Japanese fusion food, then you've found a good place. 
For appetizers, my boyfriend ordered a miso soup ($2) and I had the king crab miso soup ($5). I am not sure why other reviewers raved about the soup, it tasted exactly the same as the $2 miso soup except it had some noodles and a few morsels of canned crab meat. It tasted good but not worth the $3 mark up compared to the regular miso soup.
We also had the lobster roll special, crunchy tuna roll and monkey roll. The rolls tasted okay, but nothing to rave about. It was definitely not worth the price. The "traditional" crunchy tuna roll didn't taste very traditional. One redeeming point is that the presentation was very well done.
I gave it 3 stars because overall, it wasn't a terrible experience. The service was very very good. The hostess, waiters and owner were all very friendly and personable. 
I will probably only come back for lunch specials.Zento is really fantastic in all respects.
Went in the other night with the all-you-can-eat livingsocial deal.  I was a little scared of the waiter hating us because of it, but experienced no such thing (service was A++)!  All in all, it was a great way to sample more sushi on the menu than I normally would have.
The Food:
What stood out to me was the deep sea roll, which is wasabi pan-seared tuna with romain heart and spicy mayo.  If you like tuna, get this!  The interesting thing about getting this over raw fish or tempora is that the tuna is really well seasoned and has searing all the way around the "tube" of fish.
Other stand-outs:
-tuna pizza appetizer (includes seaweed)
-square sushi - it's kind of like nigiri but condensed into a square
-lychee mojito
-green-tea mochi (much more strong matcha taste than Trader Joe's if you've had that)
My only complaint is the flavor on the Mexican roll.  It's really strange to me because all I could taste were the toppings, gauc & mango salsa.  I'm sure there's fish in there but I couldn't tell because it was completely overpowered.
Atmosphere
I'll admit, I do miss the sushi bar being visible, but they do have some nice alcoholic choices at the bar.  They were also playing an old Gordzilla movie on a few TVs, which was neat after just having seen Pacific Rim the day before.
Price / Value
Clearly I didn't pay menu price this time, but I think the prices are pretty accurate.  They give 8 pieces of sushi per roll, which is an important detail.  Other sushi places I've tried may charge slightly less but also only give 6 pieces per roll.
Will be returning soon :)Highly recommended the calamari! Also we came in closer to closing and I was waiting for them to say no but they seated us right away. My Mixed Sushi order was fantastic!!This is a really neat place in Old City.  I love their fried calamari.  There are some decent deals for our large Meetup group that goes there for game night, although that recently changed.  The staff is very friendly and attentive.  My friend says they have the best Saki he's tasted in the area.  The food I've had with them has always been good, but now that they've changed prices I probably will not be eating there regularly.  It's very close to ample street parking which is great
There are so many options on Chestnut Street and on surrounding streets in Old City it's hard to say if I would pick Zento above others.  But I am glad they are willing to host our meetup and therefore I give them points for hospitality!The sushi was good, but small portions and expensive. Also only sushi on the menu. Not noodles like the website said.Place was awesome! Waitress was super accommodating, and the bourbon blossom cocktail was to die for. Would definitely come back again!We came here for the 7 course meal but it turn out to be 6 1/2  since we have to share a dessert.The place is nice. It was an ok  value but mainly because of the Livingsocial price. I could see spending $35 plus tax and tip for this meal, but at $70. (regular price is around $120. it's not worth it.) 
I asked a waiter for a regular cosmo cocktail instead of white peach cosmo that's on the drink menu. The waiter said it's not on the cocktail menu we can't make it. My friend and I looked at each other. Is this for real?  you can't make me a cosmo, really?  the place is nice food is good service is ok. I will go back but not anytime soon. I would go try other places first.This is a wonderful sushi destination in Philly. Good menu, friendly/diligent service, and a cool ambiance to top it off versus the counter type hole in walls (which have delicious sushi but aren't always date friendly). This place is BYOB and has a bar....I didn't know places had both. Great pick, awesome Kani salad, Love Roll, and King Crab miso soup!drop everything & go now! I could eat there every weekend. The proportions were great, the flavor/ freshness of each item was perfect & service was super friendly. I heard of Zento through TravelZoo and it was a steal for $75. My favorite items were the rainbow cintron and whatever the chef did to my white tuna nigiri sushi... blew my taste buds. Plus, its great that they have a bar and its BYOB. Only $10 Friday and Saturday.A nice intimate place to grab sushi in Olde City.  It's extremely small so reservations are recommended!
I think I'd heard a little too much hype, so my expectations were through the roof.  We arrived and were seated at our reserved table (party of 4).  We had our menus and the server took an inordinately long time to take our order (along the lines of 20+ minutes).  
We ordered a multitude of rolls and I got miso soup as a starter.  It pains me to say the sushi was just above average.  I don't know if it's a California thing, but I am missing a certain taste or texture or sensation in my mouth that I just didn't get here.  Maybe it's because it was the end of the day on a Thursday?  Is that old joke about fish being flown in on a Monday really true?!
Anyway, seems like a good place, but between the very slow service and the meh quality of the sushi, I probably wouldn't come here again.My friend and I were in town and stayed near Penn's landing. We wanted something delicious and healthy, so we thought Japanese! Sushi! You can't go wrong with Japanese. However, as a Japanese food fan, I had high standards.. perhaps, too high.
The vibe: Zento is trendy. It's got this modern, sleek, and chic look. Imagine dark furniture, dim lighting.. kind of romantic but not like overkill romantic. 
The food and drink: We ordere edamame; it was typical.. kind of salty and not as fresh. We ordered rolls. Unfortunately, the rolls weren't that memorable, which is why this place is a 3 star for me. I ordered two rolls, but only remember one -- the shrimp tempura roll. My friend ordered vegetarian rolls; I tried one and thought it was eh. Side note, these rolls are small. Finally, we ordered fuji apple sake. It was great, cold fruity and sweet sake. It went well with our rolls. 
Overall, I wouldn't say this is a "must try" place during a Philly visit, but it's a decent place for locals. Oh, and the bill? The damage wasn't bad at all.. about $60 for two people. I'd say it's a pretty decent deal since we also ordered drinks.Fish is good, but it's overpriced. The environment was ok, nothing special. I'm not sure that the $18 dollar specialty rolls are worth it; it's literally no bigger in size or taste to justify a 3x hike. And the waiters keep pushing you to order them over the traditional rolls and pay in cash! Bad manners, however nice it tried to come across, it was wrapped all in greed and annoyance. So many better places for a fraction of price. Stay away.Pretty slow service, gets pretty crowded and cluster around evening hours, but great food! :)I like this place, will return, romantic little spot, nice lighting and relaxed atmosphere. Mixed Drinks are good, service is very nice. Appetizers were ok, but I enjoyed the sushi rolls much more. Miso soup was tasty, shrimp rolls were good but the chicken egg rolls were not that good. I like that they give you two pieces per order (Sushi) instead of one piece per order.Really great sushi place, went here on my last day in Philly which was a shame.  Their special rolls were so good! Hope to come here on my next trip to the US.Took us in an hour earlier than our reservation when our cold wet group of 9 stumbled in out of the rain after the March for Science. Service was great, fish was fresh and ambiance is beautiful yet casual. Great sushi spot amongst the many in old city!Absolutley the best Sushi place in PhiladelphiaAt first We thought Zento was empty when we went for dinner (8:30pm on Saturday) but it's a nice interior with even more space inside past the bar. Waitress was very friendly and helpful with ordering.
Nicely flavored but weak cocktails. Appetizers were tasty (chicken spring roll, rainbow ceviche, shrimp dumpling) but maybe a bit overseasoned or salty at times. 
Ordered several rolls - Zento square had a nice plum sauce but the roll itself was 80% rice so I wouldn't recommend. Someone else got a roll that looks like a more classic square sushi roll but I don't know which roll it was. Salmon sashimi/nigiri was pretty good.This ambiance, location, and waitress are great. However, the food and the long wait are just okay. We had 3 rolls and some drinks last night and our food took a long time to get to our table. Luckily, the old Jackie Chan movie that was playing on the tv screens, kept us entertained. We had the spicey king crab, deep sea, and double shrimp. We had some sake and lychee martini. I really want to like this place, but for the price I expected  excellent sushi and faster service.An all around disappointing dining experience. 
We were seated promptly and our beers were brought after a few minutes. That's where the positives end.
We waited over 30 minutes for our apps to come after ordering...and the Peking duck roll was just too small and bland to be worth $13!
We waited another 30 minutes for our food! The salmon and fatty tuna sashimi were thin meager pieces with an odd texture and stale flavor. The eel roll was overly dressed. The chicken teriyaki was mediocre at best. 
Overall a disappointing experience on both the service and food side. The restaurant appeared understaffed on a Saturday night as I saw my waiter being both a bartender and a server. Will not be back.I'm a huge fan of Zento - one of my favorite, pricier places for sushi. I've gone here three time using a Groupon and each time was as delicious as the last. With a Groupon discount, we got $50 for around $32.
Sushi was great with an interesting selection of combinations - some of our favorites were the volcano and monkey rolls. They are also BYOB without a corkage fee except for Friday and Saturday nights, but check ahead just in case. It is a small space, but I didn't have a problem getting a table (they also have a small upstairs in case the bar and first floor are full). Service wasn't the fastest I've had, but the atmosphere and food made up for it. It's a cute, intimate place - I don't want to speed through dinner anyways! Will be back for sure, a great place for celebrations, anniversaries, or just a fun date night.One of the best sushi places in the city with quality similar to Bluefin without the drive to Plymouth Meeting. The dining area is small, but you're not too uncomfortably close to your dining mates. Their signature rolls are very creative. The Zento square roll is delicious: Rice wrapped over eel topped with salmon and avocado with some very good eel sauce mixed with Japanese mayonnaise. They don't drown their rolls in sauces or spices so that you can still taste their fish. 
I think the best part of this restaurant is the quality of their sashimi. Get the chirashi, or sushi/sashimi combo and you won't be disappointed! Huge pieces of fish, a large variety, and great quality as well. The white tuna is great and the yellowtail sashimi I had there was so fatty, something I've never experienced with yellowtail before. Surprisingly, their nigiri sushi is quite small (itty piece of rice) with a small piece of fish on top. It still tasted great and this is what the nigiri sushi looked like at Morimoto's as well, but I prefer larger pieces of fish atop my nigiri. 
There's also a lot of hot foods available if you're bringing along a "I-hate-raw-fish" friend... Udon noodles, tempura, teriyaki.Always a solid meal. The wait staff always remembers me and my friend when i come in.  BYOB is always a plus for me. The soups and salads are always spot on. They have lots of fun rolls to choose from. Sushi is always yum. It seems a tad over priced to me which is why i'm taking off a a star.I don't review often but I just had to do it for Zento. This place is by far one of the greatest sushi restaurants in Philadelphia. Beer steamed mussels are a must! You can't go wrong with any sushi option because the quality of the fish is always fresh. I personally love chirashi and the sushi platter. Even the simplest rolls are really good. The service is really great. Everyone is really friendly. The restaurant as a whole gives gives really good vibes. Love this place.My friends and I went to Zento for dinner. I have heard so many good things about the place and they do have awesome sushi! 
The new location is only a few doors down from the old place. It's definitely much bigger. Our server is very friendly and she recommended some drinks they were having on special. We tried out a couple of sake cocktail but they tasted more like flavored water. So I changed to Apple sake which is very tasty and easy to drink (Dangerous!!!) 
I got the duck hand roll and love roll. They are both delicious. Writing about this is making me hungry! =) I cannot wait to go back there next time. 
Definitely get reservation beforehand. Although the new place is much bigger, I still don't see how you can have a large party (more than 6 people) sitting at the same table.Small, quiet place to have really good sushi. It might be a bit overpriced (at least IMHO) but definitely one of the best sushi places in Philly - if you are a fan, their spicy tuna roll just might be the best in the city.
It is BYO, so plan accordingly.A little pricey for what you get. Great quality but when the waiter points out what each piece of fish is, it annoys me. At least I was not offered a fork. No miso soup or salad with $25 sashimi? Boo.Overpriced, Overrated.  Came here during our trip to Philadelphia for dinner as it was rated highly on yelp.  I guess coming from Los Angeles, you've had great Japanese food, you've had great Asian Fusion and you expect better.
I did...and I was wrong.  We found a bug in one of our food.  I killed it in my napkin and showed it to the manager.  
Other than that bug issue, the place is small and has a nice feel to feel to it.  The food is way over rated and over priced for how it tastes though.Pro's:  Chilean Sea Bass, Seaweed Salad, Vegetable Tempura, great service from waitstaff. 
Con's: Very small seating area, inconsistent food, mandatory gratuity if you use online discounts.
THE GOOD: Great food and service. Staff is always friendly and attentive. The lychee mojitos are to die for!!!  Although the menu is really small, the food is almost always amazing. The sea bass is phenomenal! The menu caters to those who love sushi. 
THE BAD: If you don't like sushi,  it's slim pickings. I am not a sushi eater, but the entrees were so good, I decided to try a sushi entree. I was a bit disappointed with the amount of food I received. For the price, I was hoping for a bowl of rice or soup to accompany the "sushi entree". The arrangement was great, there just wasn't enough food on the plate for the price. It looked like an appitizer, not a meal. Also, they are inconsistant with the way they serve their entrees. I ordered the sea bass in the past, and received grilled esparagus with it.  The combination was delicious. When my friend and I returned, we both requested grilled asparagus to come with the sea bass like the last time. We were told that wasn't a problem. When the food arrived, there was no asparagus on either plates.. Again, asparagus was requested. The asparagus that was eventually served was steamed, not grilled as requested. Also, it had no flavor, as if they didn't bother to season it. The Wagyu beef is way overpriced. The beef portion was small, tough, full of fat and gristle. Totally not worth $37. A complete disappointment, especially since half of it was inedible due to the reasons described.
We have found, if you use a groupon, they charge a mandatory 15% gratuity. If you ask me, it totally cancels the online discount. What is the point of offering a special if your going to make up fees to compensate for it? You (the patron) don't save a dime. You end up spending full price in the end. Don't bother purchasing online coupons for this restaurant. 
Otherwise,  the food is great. A lot of people come for sushi. I love this place and they have excellent drinks. Just wish they had more consistent food preparations. Also, that mandatory gratuity for patrons using an online voucher is obsurd and bad for business. JMOI dont pretend to be a sushi expert since i generally drown everything in wasabi, but i think Zento is a great little spot in Old City.  The inside is dimly lit,  has high ceilings and exposed brick walls making it a very good spot to bring a special someone.  Zento is BYOB and they also have a full bar.  There is no corkage fee during the week, but otherwise i believe its $10/bottle.   The waitress who helped us was very friendly and attentive.  They are also on restaurant.com so $25 coupons are available for around $5 which is great.  I'll definitely be back!I'm a total sushi junkie, and Zento tops my list of favorite sushi places in Philly (of course, I haven't made it to Morimoto's yet - I'm too poor!).  The sushi chef cut his teeth working for Morimoto before setting off on his own, and his efforts at Zento have paid off.  This place is a small but very charming restaurant next to Eulogy at 2nd and Chesnut.  The decor is very modern and refreshing - sparkling white walls, flat screen TV, and cool, wiggly blue lighting at the ceiling.  Everything about this place is classy and put-together, from the food to the decor to the servers.
Beyond the inviting atmosphere, the food is fantastic.  My boyfriend and I went for his birthday, so we went all-out and ordered everything we wanted from the menu.  We started off with the Peking duck hand roll (2 pieces), which was crunchy and oh so good, and the soft shell crab tempura drizzled with a balsamic reduction, since I LOVE softshell crab.  We also got miso soup and edamame.  Then we got the green river roll (delicious!), the tuna and scallion roll (yum!), their signature square sushi (double yum!), the old city roll (soo good), and we ended things with green tea ice cream served on a banana leaf.  Each and every dish had a beautiful presentation, and the wait staff brought everything to us with perfect timing.  
The sushi gets an A+ for freshness and taste.  Also, I was thrilled that they featured toro in some of their rolls, which means that they always have it.  I order toro wherever I go for sushi, and 9 times out of 10, the restaurants say that they're out of it.  So kudos to Zento for keeping the best kind of fish in constant supply!
A note of advice: Zento is byob, so bring some good sake or a wine that will complement your meal (you can check out their menu online at www.zentocontemporary.com).  My boyfriend and I brought a bottle of vinho verde, a light Portuguese white wine that went perfectly with our seafood, and the waitress was kind enough to open the bottle and pour our wine into some lovely wine glasses for us.  
Expect to pay $10-12 for special rolls, slightly less for average rolls, and about $6-8 per appetizer.  Although the bill can start to add up once you start ordering multiple items, this place is SO worth saving up some dough so you can splurge on a fantastic sushi experience.
Finally, this place is small and not usually full to capacity, which I think is due to the fact that word hasn't gotten out about this place yet.  But still, I recommend reservations if you're going on a weekend evening for dinner because this place can fill up in no time due to the limited seating and the high demand for restaurants in the area.  And it'll just get more crowded once the place becomes more popular, as it inevitably will.  So call up, reserve your spot, and make sure to try as much sushi as possible!Took a gander into Old City and tried out Zento because it had a favorable number of reviews on here and who I am to go against the grain when it comes to sushi since I'm not expert, yet.  The ambiance that Zento gives off is pretty relaxed, a good spot for a casual date, with a friend or possibly by yourself at the bar.  Lots of wood and low light mood lighting compliment each other well and the seating is spread apart enough not to be part of another groups conversation.  
I ordered a specialty roll and regular style and my friend did the same, he's more the sushi expert and he he gave it 3 stars for freshness.  Service was average until I spotted the owner and actually knew him from his previous venture at the same venue.  Than the service was really good.  
All in all a good Japanese spot worth trying at least once and a welcome addition to Old City's revival.Tied for best sushi in philly. Ambiance makes it and the sashimi was soooo fresh. Only thing is 2nd time I tried to go there there was a mad long wait. So MAKE A RESGood food, nice staff, great service, cute decor. 
I honestly recommend this place to everyone. Its a nice place to bring a few people to hang out and a lot of people go on dates here. They also host a lot of free events (which is how i discovered it) so check it out next time. I even met the owner and he recommended other good restaurants and dishes to try in the area.
I love the udon and dragon roll sushi but I sometimes stop by JUST for the Mochi ice cream, it is soooooooo good. Never had a bad dish or bad experience here.
Just to emphasize how nice they are, I sat on their seats outside one hot day because I was so hot and tired and the waiter came out and offered me a glass of water! 
5 stars for not only being a good quality restaurant, but for being decent people.We are on a sushi hunt. Plan is to try a new sushi place once a month so to sample enough place to justify giving up on sushi in Philly or may be surprised by a hidden gem. 
Zento is not it. 
First, there is no sushi bar per se, hmmm what are they hiding... how do I know the chef is not picking his nose when making the rolls??? just kidding. 
Secondly, I don't like the "contemporary" deco, cute but does not do it for me in a sushi setting. 
Thirdly, we always try the sashimi first to judge the quality of the fish. If it is good we try other things. The fish is not bad, but some of the pieces were seared, it is interesting but I think it is a way to cater to novices. Is it technically still sashimi once the fish is cooked, however lightly it may be? can I order sashimi well done?? 
Finally, there was just a tiny dap of wasabe, I know other would thought it is more than enough, on the other hand people like I can't get enough of that stuff. Each to his own. 
Only saving grace is we had a groupon so the bill is half'ed.Overall solid sushi place. I found that their fusion (with Chinese?) dishes were better. They have dishes that are drizzled with hot oil, yuzu and micro greens.
Scallop special, thinly sliced, drizzled with hot oil, yuzu/ponzu sauce, micro greens, it's served somewhat in between warm and cold. The addition of oil and slight saltiness of the yuzu sauce adds to the nuttiness of raw scallop. It was very good. The ama ebi (sweet shrimp) appetizer was also very good. The udon noodle was different but good.
We did a-la-cart nigiris and sashimis. Though they smelled and tasted fresh, they weren't as tasty, though I thought the red snapper and fluke nigiris were very good (albeit a little small).I have to agree with it being over priced. I came with a discount and it was just average. Slightly different but maybe they tried too hard and it got lost in translation. We went with the omakase set dinner, and each bite made me go 'hmm... ok, wheres the next"Zento was another decently good sushi place in a very limited pool of sushi places in Philadelphia.
FOOD
- Quality of the fish was very good and very fresh.
- Variety of rolls was good. Inventive options from the traditional California rolls.
- Small portions - we ordered an app, some sashimi and a variety of rolls and still were not full. The rolls were on the smaller side.
DRINKS
- Not a huge variety or options on the Sake front. Very limited to either by the glass or by the carafe (not many bottles on the menu)
SERVICE
- Felt a bit disconnected. Relatively attentive, but lacked much character or enjoyment.
AMBIANCE
- We sat outside because it was a beautiful night, so we didn't get the full experience of being inside. It looked like it had a nice, casual, modern and lively scene inside though.
PRICE
- Definitely pricey. Rolls were pricey for the amount you got. Sake was expensive for only getting a carafe. Most likely due to location, this place warrants a higher price tag.
SUMMARY
- Not bad, not awesome. The food was delicious, just wish you got more for what you're paying (this isn't New York...)This is a great hidden BYOB sushi spot in old city and a well treasured hidden secret of mine.  With reasonably priced sushi and a quiet eclectic atmosphere, Zento has quickly become one of my favorite restaurants in Philadelphia.  Checking in on yelp has its advantage as you receive half off a cocktail if you decide to utilize bar service! My personal favorites are the sweet potato tempura and the inari as a non-sushi, sushi water.  The guests, however, always enjoy the other dishes and typically order more!  Keep it up Zento!!Came here last night for our annual Christmas party for our staff.  Everything was so fresh and delicious.  I had the salmon entree, crab cakes, calamari, and a variety of sushi rolls.  My son usually does not like sushi rolls but he fell in love with their crab rolls.  We had to order another order just for him.  Not sure what the name was but it was one of their pricier rolls.  Before we left, he mentioned that he wanted to come back.  That's rare because he's picky with his food.  Also a plus was we went past their closing time and they told us that we can stay and take our time.  Of course we didn't want to keep them but it was so nice for them to say that.  Service was attentive and awesome.Our server was so nice and sweet!
This was my first sushi place in Old City.
There are quite many around this area, all with a narrow entrance but once you past the bar, it looks more cozy.
The crowds are usually grad students to young professionals.
I loved the calamari and the dip with it!
I recommend the crunchy sushi.I've hit up the majority of sushi joints across and outside the city and was disappointed in my experience here. The atmosphere is excellent but unfortunately  that's where it ended. The service was incredibly slow and some of the basics such as coming to check if everything was ok weren't there. The sushi wasn't anything to write home about and at it's price I expected better.Amazing artisan sushi !! Their 8:30-close happy hour is the best. Half off all their artisan cocktails. Lovely food, very tasty.My best friend came into town for business a few weeks ago and after work we came here. I can't even tell you how great this place is. Just SO good. We had a sashimi salad which I didn't like but otherwise we had like 5 different rolls that were all great, tempura was phenomenal.  Since it was Philly beer week this place wasn't too crowded (all the local bars were). We sat outside underneath the sign and laughed the night away. 
Apparently they've lost their liquor license so no Sake right now. 
Also the hostess and waiter we had that Thursday night were AMAZING, and I had no problem tipping them $20 for being so awesome to us. It's a great place overall and I can't wait to go again.Absolutely delicious Japanese fare. We started off with the mussels and steamed shrimp dumplings which were divine. The mussels also came in this delicious soup that had the loveliest level of spice. We then ordered the Tonkoramen (spelling isn't quite right!) udon with the pork slices which was also fantastic. We visited on a Saturday night and it was not busy, much to my delight. We also found an $18 for $25 coupon on Yelp. Highly recommended to anyone, especially if you're after something lighter than Western food.2 stars..... 
1- 90+ minutes for 2 sushi rolls 
2- $10 cork fee for wine even though it's a "BYOB"
3- general manager didn't let a couple use a coupon they bought specifically for the evening. It was a "holiday."It was Valentine's Day......  Then was rude and walked away. 
4- we wanted to use a gift card. Waitress could not figure out how to run the card. 
5- MESSED UP OUR ORDER! We ordered 3 rolls, waitress said we didn't then told us it wild be an additional 90 minutes to get a basic roll.  
No customer service here. I won't be coming back... Ever...Food was fresh and delicious. Only complaint was with the sake. I ordered sake that says it comes in a 375 ml bottle, but I was brought an 8 oz carafe (236 ml) and was told they do not have the bottle, but was still charged the 375 ml bottle price.The food was great! I can't complain, salads were delicious and sushi was really good as well. Now on the other hand the dark hair guy that was at the bar at 10:30 pm May 13, 2013 was very rude. My girlfriend called to place an order over the phone, he was giving her an attitude and then hung up. When we got to the place to order in person he gave an attitude again saying to my girlfriend "that's fine if you don't come here again, you really don't have to order here right now either" he was also acting like he was the manager of the restaurant, which I'm sure he wasn't 100% he was just a bartender. We were very disappointed with the service of Zento. Food A+ Service FLast May my boyfriend and I went here for the first time and had an experience that bordered between lack-luster and bad. I put up a review and within 24 hours I received a call from the manager. He wanted to learn more about our experience so he could ensure it wouldn't happen again. He encouraged us to come back so he could make sure we had a positive experience. This level of effort and professionalism is rare this day and age so I took him up on the offer.
Last month we returned, and received plenty of attention plus a delicious ceviche appetizer. Between the improved service, better food quality and commitment to customer satisfaction exemplified by the Manager, this place gets 4 stars in my book.Zento is a great sushi BYO. Their seaweed salad is a delicious appetizer, and I highly recommend the angus roll (somewhat anomalous to have steak and sushi, I know, but it's so good). This place is very small on the inside and busy, so they try to turn the tables quickly. Completely worth it though!Best sushi in Olde City. I love the ambiance of this restaurant. Inside, is dimly lit with high ceilings and brick walls. It feels very private. The sushi rolls here are fresh, large and delicious. I really love the Flaming Dragon Roll. If you're craving ginger dressing, they really have the best. It has a citrusy hint to it which makes it really flavorful and different. Also, worth noting is that they have a reverse Happy Hour which begins around 8:30.This place was seriously so awesome. The staff was super friendly and was willing to let us byo since their liquor license was in flux. Not to mention the sushi was amazing and not a bad deal. The inside was also one of the trendiest sushi places I've been to in center city. It's a great atmosphere and vibe with yum sushi! Definitely recommend and I'll be back soon.I was disappointed. :(  I didn't wanna be... the place looks great, with a full bar.  It has a lounge-y atmosphere with cool low lighting and the wait staff dressed in all black.
But all I wanted was some good sushi, and I was disappointed because the menu didn't really have many non-traditional options.  I can get my tuna and yellowtail at Wegman's, thank you very much.  Yes, there's some deluxe rolls, but they didn't sound great.
Don't get me wrong, it was yummy and fresh, but for the price, I wanted something new and refreshing.  When I was leaving, I noticed that they had specials that would've been interesting, but they didn't tell me inside what the specials were!
Also, they had a large beer and wine selection from all over Asia, if they're into that kind of thing.
I wasn't, though, so I came away disappointed.Told the wait for pick up is 45 minutes only to arrive and find the order hasn't been put in. After another 20 minutes the order is half done.
This is the second time this has happened. Joke's on me I suppose...Solid sushi in Old City. Inside is hip and fashionable. Pretty standard sushi items - went with the sushi and sashimi for 2 and was on point. Service was great too. One of the few sushi places in Philly that is not BYOB - had some interesting cocktails and decent beer selection.Unfamiliar with Philly sushi, wasn't sure what to expect.  Fiance had heard such rave things that I expected the classiest joint ever.  It was a little room with very informal furnishings.  Kinda thought "did we come to the right place"  Went here on night I proposed so at first a bit dissappointed with what I saw.  
Couple joined us, and they brought a bottle of champagne to help us celebrate.  Staff had no problem with this and chilling it for us.  Did not get charged a corkage fee.  I like that.
Our bill was expensive (about 150 bucks) but when I think about it, we ordered sooo much food that it was our own darn faults.  So, It wasn't expensive... we just weren't wise.  
I thought the rolls were very good.  It took a while for them to take our order but when they did it came pretty quick and it was pretty good.  Very pretty presentation too.  I enjoyed it.  
In short, I think this is a good place to come out with some friends for a quick grab of some decent sushi, but it isn't the mecca we were expecting.  No decor, no ambience, and pretty cramped.  If this were in California I would 3 star the food, but due to location I would 4 star it.  Unfortunately the crowded, lunch counter atmosphere would make me think 1 or 2 stars.  2+4 = 6.   The average is 3, so that is what I would say Zento is.Food is amazing especially the deep sea roll. Friendly and helpful staff. Took the time to explain gluten free options! Drinks are amazing as well!Sushi was the bomb , had the Flaming dragon and Philly roll. The rice tasted very fresh. The atmosphere of the restaurant was very cool and upbeat. They also have these cute coke bottlesAnother dark restaurant that should be avoided by the over 40's.
Food was fine.
The service was Faulty Towers at best.Recommend the fried calamari! 
Really tender. Some of the options are overpriced though. 
I went there on New Year's Eve and the ceilings were filled with low leveled balloons. Was very annoying. But the owner came over and moved it away from my table. Nice guy.Pretty good sushi. We were here Friday night. We had a reservation for 8:15 and there were still some open tables but by 8:45 there were none left so make reservations.
I wont act like a sushi pro, but to me it was good although I felt that all (we had 4 different rolls)  the sushi tasted the same - and it seemed warm? I always thought it was supposed to be on the colder side. Maybe I've eaten too much grocery store sushi.
The Center city roll was our favorite. Dragon roll was good - spicy. we also had the crab roll and tuna roll. All were good but like I said, due to the warmness I think.
I was thinking 3 stars but given my "ignorance" on sushi, I'll just go 4.Be warned that there is a $10 corking fee on Fridays and Saturdays! My friend and I came here on a Saturday night and were not too happy when the waitress failed to tell us about the corking fee until we saw it on our bill. Although the sushi was delicious, the slow service left me unhappy. The two bottles of wine that we brought were put in a bucket of luke warm water. When we asked to get more ice or colder water, we received a slightly cooler bucket of water. Not the best BYO sushi experience, but not terrible.Zento is good....but nothing spectacular for the prices.  
This place is  TIIIIIIIINNNY!  Only a few tables and completely lacks any type of decoration/ambiance.  
I came here for lunch and ordered the chicken teriyaki bento box and the famous square sushi with salmon on top.  The bento box came with the typical stuff:  miso soup, salad (really good ginger dressing!), cali rolls, and a side of rice.  The chicken was nice and moist, however I would have liked a little more teriyaki sauce (I'm a sauce girl!). The square sushi was quite good--but quite overhyped.  It had fresh salmon and avocado on top with a tiny bit of eel inside and it was topped with eel and spicy sauce.  Tasty roll---but $15???? Perhaps if the portion size was bigger and there was a little more substance in the middle I could justify this price.  
The service was nice and friendly and the waiter even warmed my half drunken sake bottle :-)
All in all, a decent spot to try but I can think of a lot more places I would go for great sushi before I break the bank here.I loved everything about this place!! Great food, great atmosphere and affordable! I had the king crab roll which was absolutely amazing. The service was great, we weren't rushed or hurried and we had time to enjoy our meal. The bathrooms were super clean and as an added bonus this restaurant has a secure locker phone charging station near the bathroom. You put your phone in the locker and attach it to the charger, lock it and take the key with you. Best meal and experience out for me in a while. Highly recommend.UPDATE: Had our leftover sushi boxed up, and just realized the waitress left out 4 pieces of Philly roll. 
Came here for the first time in a year and a half and was slightly disappointed. The sushi was still delicious, but the menu has been slimmed down considerably. I was looking forward to the udon soup, crab cakes, and calamari salad...none of which were on the menu anymore. We had a great meal none the less, but bring back the udon!The sushi was really good. A little on the pricier side but it's to be expected in this part of town. Volcano roll is delicious.
I need to come by for their happy hour or lunch menu.I LOVE this place.
Stopped here for a quick bite with the boyfriend. We were seated immediately. Our server was SUPER nice and friendly. We ordered the beer brewed mussels (delicious!!) and thoroughly enjoyed them. We also had a cocktail each. Bf ordered the Country Club Cocktail, but the waiter accidentally brought him the sangria instead. My bf didn't even care because the sangria was so delicious, but the waiter quickly realized his mistake and didn't charge us for it. He brought out the correct cocktail and was very apologetic.
I ordered the lychee mojito - I just can't say no to lychee anything - and it was superb. I don't really get why other yelpers are complaining about the size of the place - yes, it is small, but it's not THAT small. It was intimate and romantic and we really loved that. 
For our entree we split the salmon zento square sushi. I described it to my boyfriend as "sex in my mouth" but not the kind you'd find in pornography. No, it was more like sweet, passionate love making in my mouth. The salmon was delicate, very fresh and the sauce on top just pushed it over the top.
Yes, it's expensive here. You wouldn't want to eat here for sushi every week, there are other places for that, but as a special occasion place, Zento kicks ass.I have dined here twice before and I was happy with my meal. So I jumped at the chance for a groupon deal.  I called on a Saturday 11:30am and made a reservation for 5:30 on Sunday evening. I made sure to
Say that I had a groupon and everything was set for Sunday.  My friend and I arrive at the restaurant and they cannot find our reservation but seat us anyway. I tell the hostess that I specifically made a reservation since it was a groupon. she says it's restaurant week so they are not accepting groupons.  But she will check with the manager. Now I feel that's reservation was deleted BECAUSE it was a groupon. The manager tells me they won't accept it and I explain to hime disappointment and that I feel that is bad business practices since I made the reservation like explained in groupon. Very disappointed and we decided to eat somewhere else. I drove 45 minutes away to enjoy this groupon with friends. The manager could have been more accommodating.Have been here a few times and it has always been great. The hostess ladies are very kind and Benjamin is a great server. He was very patient and informative on anything containing gluten to help me with my allergy. They even have gluten free soy sauce available. I definitely recommend this place. A mojito goes nice with your dinner also.Authentic, tasty sushi in a laid-back environment.  Although we were told that we would have to finish by 8:30 (because a large party was coming in), we weren't rushed while we were there, even when one of our dining companions was 30 minutes late.  Her lateness did give us the opportunity to order the king crab miso soup, which was delicious and completely worth the $5 per order. 
The fish was fresh and the rolls were tasty, although I wasn't as blown away by the square roll as other people.  I only have one major complaint: If spicy sauce isn't listed as part of the roll, don't drizzle it on top!   It drives me nuts when restaurants do this. I may be in the minority here, but I do not want mayonnaise anywhere near my sushi.Had lunch here.  Very, very good sushi. 25 bucks with tip for one of the lunch specials: miso, salad, 8 pieces sushi, 1 roll.  Also had a green tea.. wasn't really that full.  And I'm still giving it 5 stars.  Like I said very, very good sushi.After purchasing a groupon, four of us went out to Zento on a Friday night. The atmosphere was very cool with lounge-like seating. However, the tables were a little close together and walking space was a little cramped. 
Once we were seated our waiter took a little while to take our order but once we did place our order the food came out relatively quickly. We ordered the spring rolls, steamed shrimp dumplings and miso soup to start. Everything was fantastic! We also ordered the $80 sushi/sashimi platter. The fish was fresh and presented beautifully on a platter. 
I would definitely recommend Zento as delicious sushi with reasonable prices.Went to Zento sushi last night for dinner and was not impressed. Though they have innovated and unique special rolls, they are also high priced and small. 
The rolls were tasty and the sushi rice was also made very well, however, if I hadnt eaten an appetizer at Continental prior to arriving, i would have left hungry and disappointed.
My girlfriend, her sister, and I split 4 rolls (then had to order a 5th). Eel avocado, spicy crunchy salmon, one wrapped in cucumber, and fourth- of the four i think the eel avocado was the most tasty. the 5th roll we ordered was the first special roll listed (with salmon). i would not recommend this roll as it was about an inch of rice with a thin thin sliver of salmon on top. 
If you're going to go, make sure you are aware that these rolls ARE very small- even the special rolls. There is not very much fish or filling in them either and its a lot of rice.Decent food. But their Lychee Martini is the best we've found so far in Philly. Definitely worth a try!Whoo hoo! Really great sushi in Philly! Love the Square Roll and the Tuna Pizza. The service was great. It was pricey, but not ridiculously so. I probably wouldn't eat here regularly because of the price. But if you stick to the basic rolls instead of specialty, you are good to go!This place has ok sushi, but for the price its too expensive.  Plainly put, they charge a little too much for the quality.  And their specialty rolls are similar to everywhere else.   But I admit, the Mexican roll is exotic & awesome, and they have a good selection of sake & Asian beers.  Definitely worth going but be expecting to shove out 10-20% more than you would to a place of its caliber.  I guess its high priced because its in old city smhGREAT sushi, fair prices and they deliver. 
The only reason for 4 stars is that the place is tiny and kind of claustrophobic. The spare decor seems to make it a little spacier, but 12 feet across can only seem so large.My roommate has been wanting to try this place out for a while and she bought a groupon so we went on a Saturday night. When first walking in, we were brought waters by the waitress and without introducing herself, she just plainly asked "are you ready to order?" As a waitress myself, I was a little turned off by how un-personable she was.
Anyways, my roommate and I ended up ordering the Tuna Pizza for an appetizer, and I got the Alaska Roll for my entree, and my roommate got the square sushi roll (with salmon). The Tuna Pizza tasted really fresh and was accompanied well with the spicy sauce drizzled on top. The only thing I could comment on it, was that it could have been a little bigger for the price. My Alaska Roll was pretty good and had a really good miso sauce drizzled over it. The square sushi also had really great sauces that went well with the sushi.
For dessert, we opted for the tofu-cheesecake with the poached peaches (since it sounds interesting). This dessert I definitely recommend :) It is light, yet the poached peaches (i believe it's poached in sake) was a unique taste that was a perfect end to dinner. 
Overall, since I am a big sushi-lover, I would say this restaurant has pretty good sushi and interesting/unique appetizers. The service could have been a little better, and the prices are a little high, but I would still recommend trying this place.
Also... they add automatic 18% gratuity (even though there was only 2 of us).. which may have been why the waitress didn't seem to careThis is a hard review to write, as I don't want to judge a restaurant unfairly, however I was completely unimpressed with Zento when judged relative to its competition. Zento isn't a "moderate" priced restaurant, it's a spendy one, and overpriced at that.
While sushi, sashimi, and rolls were individually tasty, there were unsatisfying with meager cuts of fish and even more impressively an insufficient amount of rice with the nigiri. So while I appreciate that they aren't like other restaurants in trying "bulk up" a small cut of fish with a ton of rice, at least y'know, provide a decent amount.
Really, to sum it up, after spending $80 on sushi (for my wife and self), we ordered a pizza.We went here for a friends birthday on Saturday night with a party of 6 people. It took 30 minutes before I was able to flag anyone down just to order drinks! After ordering drinks it took another 20 minutes to actually get the drinks and then probably another 15 minutes before we could flag the waitress down to order. 
Overall the drinks were decent and the food was pretty good once we finally received it. I just couldn't believe how long the service took. Our reservation was at 8:30pm so it's not like they were super busy and no one seemed like they were rushing around.My friend and I had a great meal here the other night.  The place was packed, but we had a reservation and were seated immediately.  The service was quick and friendly, and most importantly the food was delicious! I got the special "square" sushi they are known for, and it was amazing! The rest of our food was great as well, will definitely be going back soon! We didn't drink since we were going straight to a movie afterwards, but the ability to BYO is also nice.Trendy Western Sushi
I came here because the reviews were good and there was a deal to pay $10 for $18 in food. The place has a small storefront in Old City. The restaurant was long and skinny and my friend and I sat near the middle next to the bar. The menu is as expensive as many people expect sushi places to be ($4 for a piece of sashimi, ~15 for rolls). We sat next to the wine rack and checked one of the wine prices. I would take advantage of the BYOB policy.
I did what I always do for my first time at sushi places: order traditional rolls. I got the salmon ($6) and eel avocado roll ($7). They came with eight pieces each, which is a good portion. The salmon was fresh and tender. The eel avocado was creamy and not over-sauced. My friend had a yellowtail and scallion that was fantastic because of the creamy sauce (a sign that it's suited to western tastes). I was most impressed by the ginger. Most ginger at sushi places is toned way down, but theirs packed a punch. With the deal, everything was $10, which is a steal. Without the deal though, I'm not sure I would have come. 
Note: After we left, we both felt that we had been treated like VIPs. Water was filled frequently, the manager asked us how the food was, and four or five people said goodbye to us on the way out. Perhaps, it was because we were sitting in the middle of the restaurant (where the servers were concentrated), perhaps it was because we were one of two groups of Asians or perhaps it was because I took a photo of the food when they brought it out, I don't know. It could be the kind of service that they gave everyone, but it didn't feel that way.
Ambiance & Service 5/5
Food 4/5
Value 5/5 with deal, 3/5 withoutHorrible horrible horrible horrible horrible this place is horrible . The Mohito's taste like water service took forever food quality soft this place is horrible advice do not go here. Staff was unappreciative waitress ran after us because we didn't leave that 30% tip.I loved this place....service was great...and sushi was out of this world...I am being very honest.
My friend lives in Society Hill and we went to a movie....and just started walking around old city....so happy we found this place!Came here on a Saturday night with my husband and another couple. It took a while for our food to come out because our waitress said our food ticket never printed. Other than that, everything was good. Sushi was delicious and atmosphere was nice. Zento box and volcano rolls were my favorite!Made a reservation here on a Saturday night and had a really great time with a group of 8.  The staff was very friendly, the rolls were very tasty (enjoyed the regular Spicy Tuna roll much more here than other restaurants).  Surprisingly easy to get a reservation accounting for the location and quality of food plus the fact that it is BYOB.
Worked out great for last minute event with a decent sized group.Came with restaurant.com coupon when looking For good sushi in the city.  Although we couldn't combine happy hour with coupon- it sounds like they had stellar late happy hour (830p-1000p).  Have the sake flight.  You won't regret it.  Love roll, sashimi roll (cucumber wrap-no Rice) and king crab tofu all divine.  Awesome gem in old town.  Would go back in a heart beat and often if I lived closer.Zento is probably the best sushi in the city of Philadelphia. Morimoto might be better, might be, but for the value Zento is definitely the way to go.
My two big quibbles with Zento are all the goopy sauces that they put on their sushi and sashimi and the lack of decent texture in their rice.What a cool ambiance- exposed brick with real lit candles dripping down the walls industrial lighting. Christmas music playing but GOOD Christmas music. 
Then then the specialty rolls. So amazing. Excellent service.For dinner we ordered seaweed salad, vegetable and shrimp tempura, and the sushi & sashimi platter with some sake and Japanese craft beer. The seaweed salad was rather dry, but the tempura was pleasantly crispy. In terms of the platter, I think the regular maki was the best part of it. Overall, the food was decent but didn't stand out from other trendier sushi spots we've tried. We did go on a Wednesday, so that might explain why the fish didn't seem amazingly fresh. 
On the plus side, it is really convenient that you can get your parking ticket validated for the garage right up the street. Parking in Old City can sometimes be a pain. Also service is prompt and courteous.Zento is a tiny BYOB sushi spot that's pretty easy to overlook. Luckily, my reservation was ready immediately. I came here to cure a month long sushi craving that was not satiated by two other places previously that same week. I came to Zento with the intention of putting an end to this craving at any cost. 
While it is a bit on the expensive side, the sushi is nice and fresh, as well as innovative. Despite my commitment to eat only raw fish, I wound up trying the peking duck roll. Not bad at all. I also requested a salmon hand roll, where they also used the soy paper, rather than the seaweed. It's a good alternative for those who don't like seaweed paper. I, however, like both and will eat whatever's clever. 
The pieces are on the small side, as stated in other reviews. I would stick with the rolls at Zento, and maybe order a few Need to Have pieces. 
Another plus I should mention, is that they have online ordering too. I might try that route the next time for pickup.  I felt a little rushed at the end, while we were trying to order the fried ice cream.  They brought us our check without asking if we wanted dessert, and when we mentioned dessert, the waiter gently implied that we were on a time constraint.  While I understand, I never enjoy being rushed.  Something must have changed (canceled reservation perhaps) between dessert and the check, because when he brought us the check he told us to take our time.  I'd say this is a "come back eventually but not necessarily immediately".Wow. You get a refill on green tea and you pay per each cup. That's like asking for a refill on your water.  0 stars for that one, 3 stars average.  They don't even tell you there's a charge for that.  Never have I experienced any charge at a sushi place for that one...
Overall the fish was tender, but kind of mild tasting.  Not chewy so that's good and I'm a straight up chirashi bowl eater. 
The flavor was sort of lacking, price was high, service was good, but nothing too exciting to come back for.  
The king crab eel roll was tasty but the eel was really flavorless... Again about the mild tasting fish. Right amount of spiciness though. 
Most of all, that green tea charge really caught me off guard.  There are TVs here for any sports fans.  Atmospheres nice at night but in the day likely not the most refinished setting. Some seating outside.
A lot of guests with BYO wine (not sure what the charge is).  They do provide nice wine glasses though.Delcious. Came for date night and my girlfriend loved the Volcano Roll. Second time ever having sushi for her and she enjoyed the Specialty square roll! All fresh ingredients, waitress was nice and polite and very attentive. Definitely will be back!!Fish werent as fresh, food was just alright. Price is bit overpriced for the food. Its nice and cozy, wouldnt be the forst choice for Japanese foodTo start, the service is spectacular. I wish I could recall the name of our waiter but he was amazing. Went there with a restaurant.com coupon and they had no problems taking it (you'd be surprised how many put up a fuss).
We ordered some sushi and an appetizer (scallops) and got some cocktails 50% off which are that way every evening from 830-1030pm so save your yelp deal for happy hour. The sushi was great. I usually first gauge sushi on the quality of the rice then the fish then the sauce and they were all great. 
They have a forty five dollar minimum for credit cards which I can't knock them for because they get charged a percentage each time they accept a credit card for payment (just a heads up).
I'll definitely be coming here again (and I'll make sure to bring enough cash and a restaurant.com coupon).Delicious sushi, inventive menu (appetizers, special rolls, etc.), friendly staff, and cool atmosphere.  And, it's BYOB, too!  Definitely recommendWent to Zento for dinner last night.  Ordered the shashmi dinner, avocado salad and a lychee mojito and Mochi for dessert. The shashmi was good, but I wasn't wowed.  Had better shashmi in other restaurants.  The salad had too much dressing on it and mochi tasted like the one from frozen section in supermarket.  Service was good. Wouldn't go back though.I'd like to give Zento 4.5 stars, but I just couldn't bring myself to bring it up to the perfect 5. Perhaps before they moved next door it would have been, when it was a small quaint place with no corking fee and a more intimate feel. 
The food is delicious. The scallop carpaccio is an absolute must-order. It is bursting with flavor and is so delicate. I've been there several times, each time ordering different rolls. All has been solid to great. The sashimi is high quality and I recommend it (especially the salmon). Try the melon sake if you're interested in changing things up. It has a great flavor without being overly sweet. Quite refreshing.Stumbled upon this place with a girlfriend after our first choice had a crazy wait and saw the reviews for Zento were just as good. We were seated as soon as we arrived and at an outside table which was awesome for a warm summer Saturday night.
Started off with their white fish carpaccio, the flavor was so on point we finished the dish in less than a minute. Followed that with two speciality rolls, the Zeno square sushi with salmon and the Flaming Dragon. They were SO tasty that we would up ordering a third, the Lindan roll. Washed that down with basic chilled Sake anddd half price cocktails that we earned from checking in - love that! The bill wound up to be like 70 which isn't too bad considering we left full, satisfied, and craving more. To top it off, the FREE parking is also a nice little treat as we watched probably 5 cars get towed towards the end of our dinner for parking on the street. Definitely thinking about making a second trip again soon.I may not ate here during when there's a big crowd, but my friend's fiancee, who's the sushi chef assistant, definitely showed me how great of a sushi this place has to offer. The fact that knowing the owner used to work under Chef Morimoto definitely sets him apart for great expectations and some sushi was served squares just like Morimoto style.
I got a great Shimaji sashimi, Love roll, and some storched salmon topped with slice orange tomato, it's just so great. The menu was pretty extensive and the presentation was just amazing, you should see how the Love Roll looked like when it's brought out. It's so pretty I was almost hesitant to eat it. 
The place is pretty small, so don't bring a crowd here. A group of for tops and it's close to a public parking lot, pretty easy access. I would totally come back to try more stuff on the menu.When I say this was THEE best sushi I have ever had - THEE BEST!  If I could give them 10 stars I literally would!!  And I'm in no way exaggerating!  Its that serious up in there!  My friends and I came here (late) after an evening enjoying the various acts at the Roots Picnic and upon entering I honestly wasn't expecting the food to be as good as it was.  I ordered the spring rolls as a starter along with a Volcano  and a Monkey Roll.  MOUTH WATERING GOODNESS!  Ugh!  Just writing this review takes me back and makes me want to do my happy food dance.  Literally everything about this place is mind blowing - The customer service, the vibe, the dcor, the FOOD... EVERYTHING!!  We entered about 45min to closing and was not once rushed even after we finished up and paid.  If I could come to this place every weekend I honestly would.  Best believe when I'm in Philly again, I will make my way to Zento!  Until next time...Cool vibe. It's set in an older build with brick inside, but also has a very modern vibe as well. Very cool!
Very friendly staff as well. 
And on top of that, a GREAT menu. We had a variety of food for lunch from udon (veggie and tonkatsu) to bento and sushi rolls. All was put together expertly, looked great, and tasted even better. DEFINITELY a place I'd go back to!!Best sushi in Philadelphia!!! I'm typically a huge sushi critic. I'm rarely ever satisfied with the price, portion size and overall freshness of the sushi, but Zento gets the thumbs up in all categories. 
-BYO, zero cork charge, cant beat it.
-The restaurant is located right in the heart of Olde City. You walk through the bar area and into a larger room for dinner. There are a handful of tables, tall ceilings, brick walls with inlaid lights that provide a cool/calming vibe, and two flat screen TV's. An old black and white movie with elvis played while I had dinner.  
- Prices are very reasonable and portion sizes are large by sushi standards. 
1) Miso soup - cheap and delicious, great to start off the meal
2) Seaweed salad - a bit over priced for portion size. Wasn't a huge fan
3) Volcano roll - An absolute must. Huge, crunchy, spicy
4) Rainbow roll - Very good, nice blend of meat and cool presentation
5) Philly hand roll - Classic, stuffed full of salmon with just the right amount of cream cheese
6) Spicy tuna hand roll - Very fresh and great va
Total cost including 20% tip = $65Zento has moved, and made their rolls flavorful, funky and festive. If you're in a Huey Lewis mood, try the tuna square roll filled umami eel, creamy avocado and slightly sweet plum sauce. Topped with savory tuna, this roll glistens with an ambrosial aura that your tongue will truly swoon over. 
The tuna pizza is okay - something about a flat bread somewhere between a baked tortilla and a non-salt soda biscuit doesn't mix well with seaweed salad, tuna and spicy mayo...though the half cherry tomatoes offered a nice bit of acidity to an otherwise overly smooth combination.We went here for the first time the other night, as Kisso's reviews seem to have gone downhill.  The sushi was great.  The Zento square roll was amazing.  The plum paste really added something special.  It was a little bit unwieldy with chopsticks, but extremely tasty.   The crab cake appetizer was phenomenal!  Highly recommended!  Everything was great, the prices were fair, and the White Peach Cosmo was on happy hour so life was good.  We will definitely be back.I was wandering near Penn's Landing and looking for a Japanese place. Honestly, I don't think their sushi is good. I just feel their sushi is really small. Fish also don't taste fresh as well. If I choose to go for a sushi and sashimi, I still prefer Fat Salmon or Zama unless I find another good sushi place.Came here for dinner on a Saturday. The decor was pretty nice albeit a little dark. The food was decent but nothing really stood out: mussels weren't as good as the mussels from Monk's Cafe and the sushi wasn't as good as those from Vic (which is cheaper). 
One interesting thing I did notice was that there were some sadiddy ass people sitting around me. One dude was on a date with his girl and viewed my sweaty forehead as I sat down with obvious disgust as if his sitting at the table adjacent to mine would ruin his chances. (Bro, chill mang the girl ain't that hot). Another group was a bunch of women who talked like they know everything about sushi and tried way too hard to be classy. 
Anyways, service was great. The food just wasn't my type.ZENTO..........ZENTO....................ZENTO!!!!!!!!!!!!
scream it over and over again. Its really fun to say. 
ZENTO!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ok, enough of that.
Zento is located on 2nd and Chestnut right down the road from Han Dynasty. Its a little place. But that aint gonna stop it from being great dammit!
The square sushi is very nice , ( tuna and salmon ) the king crab miso soup is more than really nice as is the grilled chicken soup. BOTH are legendary. Both are incredible.
There is a tuna sushi with avocado dish that might not even be on the menu thats incredible but here is the down side. That tuna sushi...its amazing, but............its like 6-7 bucks a piece. So when you get 5-6 pieces and you didn't know the price and BLAM.......30-35 bucks on an app..........IT ADDS UP! because 2-3 rolls are not gonna fill my should be fat ass up!
I would say be careful with ordering a ton because its going to cost you. 
I hate writing that because the quality of the food is really high. Sam Ho the chef ( co chef as the sushi chef is another fella ) really is a genius. He makes incredible dishes and is very creative. I think the prices are just a bit too high. 
Top quality sushi though ( especially for the east coast. It hangs with just about any NYC place I have been to not that that's saying a ton because the instant you hit the west coast it's way easier to get your good sushi on....can I get a Sushi Ike ya'll?!?! ) 
The kitchen dishes are amazing. You could easily just get some soup and one dish and it wont cost you an arm and a leg. The vibe in the place is cool enough. You wont be going there for its stylish design and mood lighting. While its not a North Philly take out only Chinese place , its also not the absolute silliness that is all things Steven Starr ( the extra R in star is for Really mediocre food ) 
Zento is probably philly's best sushi in center city. There is a place however in Plymouth Meeting called Blue Finn that might take the regional crown. The fact that the best sushi in the area might be in Plymouth Meeting is quite astonishing. That's a whole other story.
Zento is easily worth your visit. Its pricing keeps it from a 5th star. I might give out the 5 stars too easily come to think of it. 4 aint too shabby. Great job Zento.
scream Zento over and over and magically a japanese movie monster will appear!
HAI DOZO!!!!!!!On a Friday night, with a reservation at a packed restaurant, we were seated immediately. $10 corkage fee for a place with a full bar is understandable, we appreciate being able to BYOB. Bottle was opened and glasses arrived in 5 minutes. We always share the tuna pizza, although small for $15, was delicious.
Food arrived in 30 minutes, rolls were fresh and generous with the fish. This place is our favorite sushi restaurant. Service was friendly and unintrusive. Reservations recommended on busy nights.After living for several years on the west coast, it was nice to be able to appreciate sushi/sashimi again.  The sushi/sashimi platter was very delectable. It was fresh and soft like buttah!  Very tasty selections.  My favorites are the tuna and the salmon.  The real California rolls were also great.  I was happy that the option of real crab was available.
The atmosphere is very matter of fact, but the service was good.  The restaurant is very tiny, but I've gone twice and have not had any issues in getting a table.
Good sushi place that I will continue to visit.The food here is delicious.  The ambiance is unique and really relaxing..a nice mix of Philly history and modern touches.  
The chicken udon soup is huge and consistently one of the most amazing dishes I've ever eaten anywhere.  The crab cakes are the perfect size and cooked just right.  The shrimp dumplings are delicious steamed and pan fried.  All of the sushi I've had has been amazing (spicy tuna, real california, shrimp tempura, philly roll, salmon, eel and cucumber). 
The only reason I'm not giving Zento 5 stars is because without a Groupon, it's on the pricier side.  Absolutely worth it every once in awhile, but not practical to make a regular spot.Vegetarian sushi was average, at best. The service however, was non-existent. For a corkage fee at a "BYOB" restaurant, I at least expect someone to pour my beverages for me, or at the very least know not to knock things over on my table.My girlfriend and I eat a lot of sushi ...no really ...a lot and Zento is the real deal. Creative menu items, quality food and service, reasonable prices. One of the best sushi places that we have been to on the east coast.The sushi was fresh and tasty. The volcano roll was amazing.  We tried the spicy tuna, kobi beef, monkey and volcano rolls. The only one I wouldn't recommend is the kobi beef one. It was great but wasn't bad. It just wasn't worth the money.The food was pretty good. Unfortunately, service just took way too long. We had to push to get our food out faster (though I don't think that had any effect). Moreover, when we tried to split the bill, they ended up losing one of our credit cards until we asked for it back. The staff didn't seem as professional as the ambiance.Great meal! The Toro special was outstanding albeit a bit expensive ($10 for each piece of sushi) .  Even though the space is small, the overall attentiveness of the staff and the quality of the food makes up for it.We have dined here twice and both experiences were fabulous!  Cool jazz music in the background, pleasantly greeted at the door, promptly shown to a table, wait staff very attentive, food outrageously delicious, great beer selection, we particularly enjoyed OB, a Korean beerI LOVE Zento!! I order carry out from them weekly the go to roll is the Volcano Roll and Flaming Dragon. But I've eaten many of their specialty rolls and you truly can't  go wrong. I've dined there on occasion and the atmosphere is the perfect balance of chic and intimate. A good date spot. Hands down the best sushi in Philly.The unappealing decor and the lame (and very dated) electronic music playing bring this down to 3 star.
Otherwise, the sushi was excellent.  All the fish was very very fresh and the apps were good too.  I typically hate Miso soup and I actually liked theirs.  The calamari was really crispy and the edamame were perfectly cooked.
Definitely try the Peking duck roll.  It was delicious.  
But someone please tell the owners to paint the place a new color and get some artwork on the walls.  It feels way too much like a take out joint (which they provide) if you decide to dine in.I came here recently with my boyfriend on a food crawl experiment through Old City. We decided to try some entrees here and were not thrilled at the experience. I'll only come back with recommendations on what I "need/should" get here or with someone who can give recommendations... because this was a pretty blah meal...
Ambiance: Small. Simple/Chic decor. Quite busy and expected. A bit tight so on a busy night I wouldn't go here for an intimate date. Good place for a small group.
Service: Nice but a bit disorganized. 
Food: This was where I minused points. Though I also leave room for redemption in my future update. I was massively craving udon noodle soup and some simple sushi creations so...
Udon noodle soup was a fusion fail. It came with pho like noodles ... thus defeating the purpose of UDON noodle soup ... The broth was relatively bland and if anything was a bit sweet (not usually what I want from udon soup...) The biggest sad face was that they didn't have any shichimi (a pretty standard Japanese 7 spice seasoning) ... which is a pretty common seasoning found in lots of the usual Japanese restaurants. They did give me lots of vegetables, which was nice.
Spicy tuna roll was not spicy. It was mashed tuna with almost no flavoring and was packed with tons of crunchy tempura or panko flakes which made it seem like I was eating sawdust ... 
My boyfriend and I enjoyed the presentation or rather were bemused by it. Almost every dish had one or two orchid flowers on it. Either they are recycling some of these delicate beauties or it just rains orchids in their kitchen ... 
I won't go into the details of the bf's meal because he's vegetarian and realistically we never have any expectations for his meal at most sushi restaurants ...
Overall, the amount we spent was just not justified to what we ate. 
Hopefully I was just ordering the wrong items for this place.
Drinks: BYOB which I appreciate. We brought a bottle of Morimoto's Hazelnut Ale by Rogue. The beer was great but I'd match it carefully. The Hazelnut can bring out a bit too much fishiness in the sushi... 
The price just didn't match to my experience but I probably need to try my hand again with better menu choices. I look forward to upgrading in my update..Zento's one of my favorite sushi places in Philly. The service is always great. Some really intricate rolls that aren't too pricy but high quality. Our favorites are the Zento square roll, monkey roll and love roll.Came here because I had a certificate so I ended up paying $22 for a $35 meal. The space was nice and service was great. The food however was just okay. Tuna pizza would be the best tasting out of the items we ordered. The sushi were okay, the rice were off a little (Vic has better sushi for sure), the ramen broth was quite tasteless. Wouldn't choose to come back unless there's a deal.Although totally empty when we went for an early dinner on Monday night, the food was all very good. Service was very friendly and attentive also. I had sushi for lunch that day so I opted for a ceviche appetizer, which was yum, fried shrimp dumplings which were so good I wished there were twice as many, and the mussels special which were good, but not great. There were two mussels I couldn't pry open so I let them be. The broth was pretty good but I wouldve turned the heat up a notch. Love the exposed brick and decor, but thought it bizarre that two large t.v.s are in the dining area within 4 feet of each other. I wouldn't want them in there if it were up to me. It distracts people when they should be paying attention to each other!I give Zento five stars!
I went with my sister on a Monday night around 6:30 and just missed the 1/2 off appetizers and cocktails. Though business was slow since it was the beginning of the workweek, the food was still delicious.
I had the edamame (standard but tasty), king crab miso soup (out of this world! with large chunks of tofu and king crab), the spicy tuna roll (ground tuna with spicy sauce), and the California roll.
The ambience was relaxed with candles burning along the walls and dripped waxed on the bricks.  A good first date atmosphere...
Would definitely recommend if you're in Old City.This modern Japanese restaurant was jammed pack on a saturday night.  Nevertheless, it was easy to get a seat at the bar.  The staff was top rate - friendly, accommodating and quick.  A 20 inch television makes bar seating enjoyable.  The back room was spacious and inviting with a large canvass hanging from the back wall.  One complaint is the space between the bar seats and the tables behind the bar.  The staff bumped into the bar patrons a couple times (lightly).  This was far from a serious disturbance.  My roll was Tasty.  Maybe it could have used a little bit more spicy tuna but when the rest of the experience was so enjoyable, who really cares.  Check this place out!Nothing but praise for this place.  Service was efficient and friendly. House Chardonnay was tasty.  Great selection. We had the Tuna Pizza appetizer and edamame...recommend both of them.  The Mexican Roll was so different and done well.  All our sushi was obviously made to order and was tight, fresh and delicious!  Thanks for a great dinner!  Check Groupon before you pay...we found a good one and got almost 1/2 off our meal.This used to be my favorite sushi restaurant. Loved the food, loved the area, loved the service. They have the best chirashi bowl I have ever had. After moving to New York almost 2 years ago, their chirashi bowl just wasn't comparable to Zento's, which was shocking to me since rumor has it that New York supposedly has really good sushi. 
However, I'm disappointed to say that during my last recent visit to Zento, the quality of the chirashi was not how I had remembered it. Not sure if they were going through some changes in their sushi chef since we were informed that they were pending approval in their liquor license, but I was both disappointed and embarrassed that the chirashi did not live up to my expectation after raving so much to my boyfriend about how great it was.When faced with a day or two of vacation time, one of my favorite things to do is to actually have a stay-cation around Philly.  I always plan a nice lunch to my stay-cation because unlike many other yelpers, I am not afforded the opportunity to lunch around Philly.  It's a rare treat.  Zento was my most recent (to date) lunch staycation spot.
I met up with fellow blogger Melissa from yummarksthespot[dot]com for a 1pm lunch at Zento.  I arrived early and secured a table in the back next to some old city dude-bros finishing up their lunch.  Perhaps it was "take-a-picture-of-yourself-with-your-mouth-open-and-sushi-hanging-out-day"  I must have missed that memo.
We each ended up ordering the same item which was the maki combo.  It was a heck of a lot of food for a very reasonable price.  I completely forgot about sushi bars starting you with miso soup and the salad with ginger dressing.  While I've had it many places, I can honestly say that both of these items were very delicious, possibly some of the best I've tasted.  The miso had soft (maybe silken) tofu and the dressing on the lettuce had a great zing.  It definitely got me ready for my main plate.
The maki plate looked as beautiful as it tasted.  Its presentation reminded me of a mathematical model (one of those things you see in a trippy movie or as an iTunes screen saver) The 4 pieces each of tuna, yellowtail, salmon and eel all were placed beautifully on the plate and they tasted fresh and crisp.  These are the things I look for in sushi.
We split the bill and I paid with level up.  I really had a great time and I'm happy they kept the cool ceiling from the previous iteration of this space.  I can see myself coming back for dinner.  It seems I've found yet another reason to go to Old City.Yikes! First of all paying $66 for a lunch that consists of two rolls, 1 miso soup ,1 green tea and 10 pieces of sashimi is not cool. Let me start with the good, the interior of the space is cool. But when the only good thing about a sushi place is the interior run away fast.
The service was horrible. Our waitress was too busy eating her own lunch I think to wait on us. One of my big pet peeves about restaurants is when I see wait staff eating on the floor. Come on now! She was inattentive and very slow. When I order sashimi I shouldn't have to ask what I have been served. That and whatever the Spanish Mackerel was should be sent back to Spain. It was grey, and supposedly charred, I think the small bite I had is what is giving me a stomach ache as I write this review.The sashimi pieces were tough and cut so big it was hard to eat. The miso soup and green tea was not served hot. 
I love sushi and always on lookout for new place to try, sadly though Zento goes into the never go back category. I can overlook bad service and great food to make a return visit but bad food and bad service at the same time tells me to move on.Very nice intimate environment. The sushi was great, but a little pricey. This is a great place for a date. The only downfall for me was that I am used to specialty rolls being around 8-10 pieces, but the roll I got was only 5 (volcano roll). It was delicious, but I was still hungry!It's not bad but it's not great. I expected more after seeing mostly good reviews of this place. Had the spicy tuna roll and flaming dragon roll - both rolls had too much rice! I'm there for the fish, not to pay a lot to eat rice.Ugh, sushi is just... the best. 
The sushi was unique and our server was so friendly. The only reason I didn't give it five stars was because it seemed a TAD pricey. And I would give it 4.5 stars, but, again, that's not a thing. (You can make that a thing, Yelp. I will utilize half stars.) Otherwise, they did everything right. I went with three other people, so I am speaking on behalf of all of them and they have absolutely no say in the matter.
Drinks were great. I officially love the Japanese microbrewery Hitachino Nest thanks to this restaurant. I got a ginger ale, and it was quite tasty... and bubbly. My eating companions all got sake bombs, but I can't chug (and I was driving), so I just watched. They all claimed they were great, so I'm happy for them.
Food was very good. We got an assortment of rolls, and then another assortment of rolls. I don't remember what we ate specifically. I only remember ordering the rainbow roll because I get that one all the time and compare them everywhere. And it was comparable. Very fresh and delightful, as usual. I ordered miso soup for myself, which I basically get at every sushi restaurant because I adore miso soup. And so I stuffed myself to my heart's content. 
Service was fine. It was 4 p.m. on a Saturday, so there was no one there.
Long story short, this place was great. I will most likely go back here in the foreseeable future.This is definitely a classy joint. If you're out to impress, take her or him here. It's dripping chic vibes. Like a lot of the finest in Japanese cuisine, it's all about presentation and freshness. And oola la, they've got that in spades. For sure it's pricey and portions aren't for the ravenous but it's a dining experience that stood out.Small little restaurant close to the heart of Philly. Great atmosphere- small, low lighted with really really good ambiance. Food- a great selection of menu, reasonable prices for a Japanese restaurant. The sushi was phenomenal- visually pleasing with bursts of flavors. We also got the shrimp dumplings which aren't your traditional looking dumplings, they were much smaller in size with a different coating- more waferry and crunchy than the traditional ones. I highly recommend it. 
Drinks- we ordered the specialty cocktails which were phenomenal, although low in alcohol content, the flavors were quite complex. I recommend the Bourbon one, I forget the name- it was one of the few ones with whiskey in them, most are with Vokda.
Overall, if you are in the mood for sushi and are in the area of Philly- look no further.Nothing but praise for this place.  Service was efficient and friendly. I ordered an appetizer and three amazing rolls. Pieces are small, but those come packed with a tiny adventure in your mouth. Flavors are blended together so well, and the cool of the fish gives off a fresh taste. I thoroughly enjoyed every bite, from beginning to start. Service was so pleasant and paid a lot of attention to our table. It's a tiny place, easy to miss in Old City. 
I'll definitely be returning soon, might be my new favorite sushi spot in Philly!