I got the gyro "platter" for lunch, which was dry, uninspired, and nothing like a deconstructed gyro. Worst of all, it came with "vegetables" which looked more like poop. Tasted that way, too. There are better places in Fairmount for lunch, and they won't serve you poop, either.So I'm not a huge Greek food fan, but the souvlaki from Zorba's was quite amazing. The restaurant is a classic little Philly spot that doesn't look like much from the outside, but let's it's food so the talking. The people i was with, who do like Greek food, were gushing about the excellent hummus and Greek salad... 
I will happily return to Zorba's again.Authentic Greek taverna in the heart of Philly Fairmount neighborhood.  This family owned restaurant features a fantastic selection of tasty Greek food. Whether for a salad, a Gyro or and entree you can't go wrong with this classic local favorite.We just had dinner at this Greek restaurant that is A 10 minute walk from the art museum. We were seated in the back room that was really cute and the waitress was nice. I ordered the lamb shrank with vegetables and my husband roasted lamb with vegetables and potatoes. The lamb shank was very good, the roasted lamb was good. The mixed vegetables was a gray mash of peas cabbage and carrots cooked to death and they were just warm not hot. They tasted OK but look terrible. The waitress said that was how the vegetables were prepared. The food seem to be just dump together on a plate and didn't look very appetizing. We also split a Greek salad which for some strange reason didn't have any greens but the cucumbers and tomatoes and olives were tasty. I will try this place again and order something different.Best Greek food hands down. This is my Greek go-to restaurant. I love everything on the menu but the grilled octopus is a must try. Very generous portions and the Saganaki is also to die for too. Quaint little BYO. Wonderful, and very good looking staff ;)
Only problem I have is the gyro meat. Its the frozen kind. Please don't deny this Zorba. I've eaten plenty of gyro's in my day. The only reason I am adding this in my review is with the hope that the owner see's it and makes a change! This slight discrepancy however does not denote my star rating. I am so very pleased every time I eat here, they deserve 5 stars in my book.Food was delish and tasty, but more importantly - service was superb! We asked if the restaurant served wine, and they told us it was BYOB. So a few minutes after sitting down, hubby and I got dressed to go out and get smthg in nearby bar - that's when owner told us he found a bottle of wine and gave it to us on the house! That was so nice, genuine and thoughtful! Excellent, cozy, yummy place for lunch, with warm hospitality -highly recommend!Our food was delicious and the service was great!! Great ambiance. Sat outside and people watched. Lovely lunch!!One of my favorite restaurants in the Fairmont area.
Zorba's is a BYOB with traditional Greek dishes. The prices are reasonable as well. They have an appetizer sampler which is really good and filling in of itself. As a fan of lamb, I've tried several of the stewed dishes and never been let down.
It's a quaint restaurant you should definitely try out.Zorba's is one of those Fairmount staples. I prefer to go there when I can get an outside table, or when I visit with a particular group of friends who also share in my sentiment of fondness. Now what the heck took me so long to experience Zorba's delivery?! Shame on me. It's the same delicious food, just in my pajamas in front of my TV. 
Having experienced a day that could only be fixed by delivery, my husband handled all of the order details. I believe he placed directly with them, as we were able to pay in cash when the delivery guy arrived. The wait time was standard- I don't recall it arriving early nor do I recall being antsy about its whereabouts. 
I'm no stranger to the Imam Baldi. I think every time I have this eggplant in red sauce soufflé, I go on the record that this dish can turn me into a vegetarian. It came with the standard sides of rice, veggies and potatoes, all separated by little dividers as to not mingle. 
We were first timers to the Skordalia. Think extra, extra whipped mashed potatoes with extra, extra garlic. Move over (already fabulous hummus), you may have just been replaced in our repertoire. Okay, I kid. We'll just get both and have leftovers.
Speaking of leftovers, we totally were able to split our order into two meals. Score!  
Love that fresh bread they put on the table? Don't worry, you get that too. 
I'll still visit their actual location, but it's really good to know that I can get my Zorba's fix in the comfort of my own home.Yes, yes, yes!! So happy there is an authentic Greek restaurant in our new neighborhood. Looks like it's been here for ages. Best part - it's BYOB! The food is fantastic, we ordered melitzanosalta which is eggplant basically baba ganoush. Along with classic roasted leg lamb and octopus, both dishes were fantastic, very legit traditional. Can't wait to go back again - also very affordable for the portions.We ordered the hot appetizer sampler, the gyro platter and the pasta Athena. Everything was delicious but I was a little uninterested in the gyro, it had a weird taste that I wasn't used to compared to other Greek places I've eaten. But my boyfriend loved it. 
The service was really great and our server was very professional but friendly and personable. For our two platters and an appetizer it came to about 60. It was a cute place and a good date night place.Slow service, but seating outside is nice if you can snag a table during peak hours. Just expect to wait a tad, and don't be in a hurry. Both times I have been to this restaurant, the food hasn't been great, but they do have a good menu. Not thrilled that they do not have a bar...OPA! Love love love this little gem of a BYOB in the Fairmount hood. The girls and I walked right in on a Friday night with a few bottles of wine in hand and had a wonderful experience at Zorbas. We shared an array of dishes such as the cold platter stocked with great mix of yummy greek dips ( hummus, feta , tzatzikii etc). It was a hit for sure- just note that it comes with one pita- the dips are very generous and the 5 of us had no problem sharing- we had to request more pita though (which by the way, the pita is perfect). The mussels in a sweet red red wine sauce sans shells were so tasty. The hot feta dip and spring salad were also just as good. We topped the meal off splitting a delicious slice of cake in honor of my friend's birthday. The service was very accomodating and the atmosphere inside is super cozy- nothing fancy,  has an old school Greek feel. All of this for a mere $15/person.  You can't beat it ! I can't wait to head back and try some of the fishes and meats on the menu.Went here again after a long absence (why we took so long to go here again, I have nc). 
The food here is absolutely fantastic. This is truly a gem in Fairmount. Try to wait for the outdoor seating, if weather permits.. great ppl watching as you dine, sipping your wine (its a BYOB, so bring some).
The food is fast, Greek - Mediterranean and done very well.
We had Kabobs, Cold Platter, and vegetarian stuffed peppers.. everything was phenomenal, and we couldnt stop talking about how pleased we were with the service, food, ambiance, everything. 
Make a reservation now.. or stop by.. you wont regret it.Started with the octopus appetizer. It was amazing. I could of had three of these and made it a dinner. My friend had the Kapama dinner and I had the shrimp Poseidon. I was a tad bit disappointed in the size of the shrimp dinner as well as the presentation.. It looked like a cross between an appetizer and a dinner. We had baklava and Kantaifi for dessert. I wasn't really feeling the shredded phyllo dough on my dessert. Should have stuck with the tried and true baklava. Greek coffee was amazing. Definitely will be back here in the summer to sit outside and people watch while dining on a grilled chicken gyroI am a newbie to Philly from a foodie town boasting a few Iron Chef winners. This is my favorite places to go to. There are options for everyone, and the food is prepared with such quality my mouth waters just waiting for it. The servers and staff are wonderful and very cheerful. The meals here are always enjoyed.Went there last night with a party of 6. Was seated right away at a table in the back. The server was fantastic.
As for the food.....Spicy feta was to die for. The garlic potato dip was exceptional. 
I got the shrimp in lemon and oil as the main course. The shrimp were cooked over charcoal and that made all the difference. Skipped dessert since we were there for my birthday and we had cake at the house. I left stuffed and I cannot wait to return.We tried Zorba's for the first time last weekend, and it was absolutely perfect. It's a charming little spot with AMAZING food. Having tried several greek places in the area, this is my most definitely my favorite. Loved the fact that it's BYOB! We began with the spicy feta dip (the cold one, not the hot one!) and it was very flavorful. An awesome portion for the price. 
I had the Artichokes Constantinople as my entrée, and it was FAB. The sauce was tangy, salty, and so satisfying. I can't wait to go back and get them again.
My fiancé had some type of meat dish, I really can't remember what- but he loved it. Everything was tender and cooked to perfection. Also, the service was great, friendly, and fast.
I can't wait to go back ASAP!Spicy feta is da best. Get it, then get more. I swear I order three servings each time I visit from California. 
Entrees are also good, but not great. This rating is all about the spicy feta. Eat it.Finally decided to check out this little gem in Fairmount. One word, amazing! I ordered the lamb shank with red wine and tomato sauce along with the spicy feta cheese. The lamb was well seasoned and tender. The baked potato was exquisite and the spicy fita added a nice touch. Will def be returning!Happened to stop at Zorba's on our way back from the Eastern Penitentiary.  Great Greek food. You have lots of choices. Few outside tables & very nice & elegant looking inside. Ordered a tilapia gyro & it was scrumptious. You must try this place.Atmosphere was homey and comfortable. The cook's greet you as you come in along with the host. We made a reservation a couple hours before coming in on a Saturday night and our table was ready with bread and waters all around when we arrived. Food was incredible; fresh and came out quickly. We had several shared entres which were all delicious. Service was phenomenal. Great place for a date or small group.Great flavor! I sincerely enjoyed my chicken souvlaki! The baklava was the best too!!Wonderful service and staff highly responsive to customer opinion!  Ordered mussels platter and such a delicious dish with a lot of complex flavors.  Although the outside looks unassuming, the inside atmosphere is very comfortable and quaint.  Hidden gem in the Fairmount area. Highly recommend!Had an awesome dinner. Tried the Greek salad, meatballs, and appetizer plate. All were great. Nice ambiance, great food, and reasonable prices. BYOB.Remarkable service and food.  If you're a meat eater and with a friend get the Charbroil Platter... Trust me, it will blow your mind.Delicious food... The tzatziki is fresh and the frappes are great. Great local spot but the service could be friendlier. Portions are a little small for the price.I showed up hungry and left incredibly happy! The bread is amazing. I had the mussels appetizer and it was really good! I took a risk and tried the egg lemon dish and boy was it good!! I cant wait to go back and try the cheese appetizer that they light on fire!!!Came here for lunch with the bf this past weekend. We started with grape leaves and mussels. Loved the grape leaves, and the pita bread we got was delicious. We both liked but didn't love the mussels, would maybe skip them next time.
My bf got the gyro sandwich, and I got the charcoal chicken sandwich. The pita wrap it was in was delicious, and the whole sandwich was really yummy and flavorful! We were both really happy with the food here, and the waitress and waiters were very nice and friendly. We definitely plan to come back!Awesome. Shout out to the gyro, pita, and tzatziki sauce. Chicken was also extremely tender and succulent. All the portions were really great, and I didn't feel overstuffed after the meal. The quality and price was solid. I just wish I had more stomach space to eat more of their delicious food. Outdoor seating available.Came here to try something different and wow!!! The food was awesome...couldnt.stay long, only had the grilled squid but that was all I needed to motivate me to visit again..and the waitress was very friendly as well.A favorite in the neighborhood.   Can't go wrong with this byob.  Cold app sampler is an awesome starter and I haven't found a dish I don't like.  This place is also great for rehearsal dinners and events.Only a short walk off of  Benjamin Franklin Parkway is this small Greek restaurant I decided to fuel up on before checking out the Eastern State Penitentiary Museum. Small kitchen in the front, music, and two party of 4 , with a very warm atmosphere.
I ordered the soup of the day, a hearty vegetable and rice soup and the lunch size kalamari . I received the soup first, with a side of hot fresh grilled pita. As I finished half of the plate, the waitress filled my plate up with even more! The soup was tasty, a flavor I never had in a soup. 
She then brought out the kalamari with dipping sauce. No seasoning to the kalamari itself, but was fresh and crispy with great dipping sauce.  Wrapped up the two additional pieces of pita for my walk through Benjamin Franklin Museum district for when hunger calls.
Definitely recommendedI tried souvlaki platter 
souvlaki was great and vegetables and mashed potatos  and side menu were really good
delivered or take out, both were greatThe food is nothing special. I wanted to give it a chance but as soon as I realized they don't serve gyro sandwiches after lunch I should have walked away. I barely got enough rice and food is way over priced.Came here for a visit, found this place.. delicious roasted lamb,its simply awesome authentic greek placeFamily-run BYO with great food and a quirky charm. 
A little awkward in the service department, but cozy.
The decor is silly and fun but still retains it's small, romantic atmosphere anyhow.
Food is on fleek. Get the giant cold app platter to start and the giant grilled meat platter to share. You'll be so happily full of food. Such a good amount of flavor and char while still being juicy.This is my favorite restaurant in Philly!  The food is always fantastic (you HAVE TO get the spicy feta appetizer!), the prices are low, and the staff is a really sweet family who make everyone feel welcome.4 stars for being decent Greek food in the virtual Greek desert that is Center City Philly. Probably 3 stars for actual value and quality, but since I can't easily get to Queens for dinner, this will have to do, thus 4 stars for convenience. I recommend it for those in Center City looking for a Greek-fix. Best moderate-to-cheap Greek food I've had in Philly, not that there's a lot of competition.I went to Zorba's with moderate hopes, however I was extremely disappointed. Our waitress was awful. We waited 15 minutes after being seated to get our glasses of water and menus. She was very disrespectful over-all even when and after we ordered. When they brought out our wine glasses (BYOB) they gave us dirty glasses, it still had someones lipstick on it. When she put it down she said "Here this one is clean, it's just out" well I hope it's clean! 6 hours later I have actual food poisoning. I would never recommend this place, not even to someone I didn't like. It's poor service, unclean and food that will make you really ill.I went here yesterday on a recommendation from one of our staff who is a big foodie.  I thought if he loves the place then it has to be good.  Granted, we did go at an off time 3PM which is between lunch and dinner so what I have to report may be influenced by not being on their regular meal schedule and their prep may not be as good at this time.
The ambiance is not anything wowing, but it is clean and bright with photos from Greece on the wall depicting what most Americans think of when they think of Greece, very old buildings that were built to last the test of time.
My meal was just so-so.  I wouldn't say it was bad, just that it lacked the flare I was expecting.  The stewed veggies were delicious.  The chicken, rice, and hummus were average.  The gyro meat my partner ordered looked a bit dark and oily, which may be because it hadn't been ordered in a while and he was getting the outer part of the meat that cooks on the skewer.
The service is what made me give them a 2 star instead of a 3.  Our server was a young guy.  It was difficult to hear what he was saying because he ran words together and mumbled.  This guy might have been Greek, but I'm pretty sure he was at least 3rd generation American.  We had to repeat what we were reading directly off the menu several times for him to get it.  We both ordered drinks, neither of which showed before or during the meal.  I would have brought this up, but we had water and the ordering was so poor I didn't want to have the interaction again.  
Now the dessert, that's another story...the baklava was amazing, good sized portion, and the honey on top was sublime.  We also got the peach gelato which comes in a frozen peach.  It was also delicious.  After the first bite, my eyes widened as I looked at my partner with excitement.  I would definitely go there again, just for dessert after eating somewhere else in that Fairmount area.  The service did get better for dessert as a woman took charge of our table, which leads me to believe it was the end of the guy's shift.  She did notice that my partner had ordered a coffee later and asked if he wanted it with dessert.  I did not see the first guy anytime after dessert and he probably left.
Finally, hours later, both my partner and I had higher stomach acid issues, not severe, but enough to make me not want to return for a full meal.  My suggestion to the owners would be to watch those in-between times and give a little more effort/direction to serving/kitchen staff since there is more time without the traffic.Greek food is my favorite cuisine to eat.....period! I have never tasted greek food like this! I loved everything from the broadini fish all the way down the menu to the eggplant entree! 
Most importantly I love the staff! If anybody was to get fired, I think it could hurt the business tremenedously. Everyone that works there is so personable and also genuine. Your business could be out of state but if the customer service is good, I will be there all the time. It's hard to find service like this and I am a lifetime member from now to this place!I LOVE this place. Yes, the service isn't the best but the food is so delicious that I don't care. I dream about their stuffed peppers and tomatoes. Plus you can't beat a BYOB.When you walk in to the modest street front, past the kitchen and 50 year old landscape photos of Greece your welcomed by the enveloping, appetite stirring smell of fresh baked bread - served still warm and with a real crust and you know you're in a place that cares about their food. 
Started off with a sampler of the hot seafood appetizers. They were all done to perfection. The octopus was probably most memorable for the way it was prepared - first chargrilled and then arriving bathed in a sauce... Just order it is all I can say. 
For dinner we split the chargrilled plate of heavenly meats. I don't think I've ever enjoyed pork kebabs or any type of pork as much as I just did.  
To finish off the waiter gave one of the most unique goodbye's - "when you come back be sure and try our lamb, it's a signature dish. See you again!"
If the food wasn't so amazing I would give 5 stars for all around fantastic and sincere service that is hard to find and easy to recognize. Plus having sampled the lamb in our chargrilled mixed plate - I know he must be right that it's a signature dish.If you're looking for a cozy, romantic atmosphere with a touch of traditional Greek comfort, this is your place. 
Zorba is snuggled in Fairmount in Philly, but something about the location makes it a hidden gem. Not only are you able to get away from the trendy side of Philadelphia, you can also find a nice neighborhood to enjoy quality food. 
I had the pita and hummus for appetizer- absolutely delicious.  For dinner, Avgolemono (lamb shank with artichoke sauce) I have never had lamb cooked to perfection. It was so moist, the side of vegetables and rice was so filling. Totally worth the wait for it to be cooked. (Tip: If you want to try this dish, make sure to call ahead and check to see their availability for lamb). 
I must say, Greek coffee really hits the spot. It has a very rich, chocolatey taste to it. And the amount served is perfect for ending your meal. 
I assume the restaurant is family owned and operated, including the waiters. We had the same waiter the two times we went and he was VERY accommodating to where we wanted to sit, given the restaurant isn't that spacious. Here's one of the things I really appreciated: The restaurant is always busy, and there can be long waits for when you come without reservation. However, while you are dining waiters do not rush you to get out or to leave once you've signed the check. 
Cannot wait to go back!Food was good and service was fine. I wish I had gotten the gyro platter bc the gyro sandwhich just comes with the sandwhich and I could have eaten a bit more.Good solid neighborhood place. Dolmades are average to good. Watch out for the French fries they put in some sandwiches.I have lived a few blocks from Zorba's for many years and just recently had the pleasure of dining here. You can't beat the prices, service and atmosphere. This place has become my new home away from home.  I highly recommend enjoying a meal here.As good as it gets!! One of our favorite places in Philly. The service is excellent and the food has never let us down. You get a lot of food for what you pay and its always delicious. My boyfriend and I usually get the charcoal sampler for two and we usually end up bringing some home. The desserts are not but, but not among my favorites, most of them are too sweet.Best Greek restaurant in Philly! My husband and I frequently go here with our daughters and every time the food is amazing, service is amazing and the price is right. Just writing this is making me crave their potatoes and saganaki!This place is on point! I went with the grilled octopus and it was excellent. All the dishes are very reasonably priced. BYOB makes it extra affordable. If you like Greek, do not hesitate to check this spot out!!!I've only been to Zorba's once, but I think about that meal all the time. It was so delicious. My friend and I shared the hummus appetizer and then I had Shrimp Tourkolimano and she had Shrimp Santorini. I don't think either of us said a word for a little while because we were so focused on enjoying the food. We had to have dessert, so we split the Revani, which was soaked in a delicious honey syrup. 
Of course I love that it's a BYOB. I think this would be a great spot for a date. It's small, intimate, and cute.Just had stopped in on a whim and it was a great find. Got the large spring salad with chicken and it was so fresh and a very large portion. Place is authentic.An amazing place for spring and summer. It's great to sit outside with your dog and watch passers by. The kabobs are great. The wait staff is sweet and attentive.Amazing gyro! BYOB, fast service and reasonable prices...I really love this place and would highly recommend it if you're looking for Greek food in Fairmount.Perfect place to fill your tummy after a long tour at the penitentiary!  If you're longing for that Greek comfort food, this is the place. 
The day we visited the penitentiary was freezing cold and we were starving.  So we decided to go with the $33 grilled meat sampler for two.  Oh, and the octopus appetizer for $8.  They serve you a gimongous piece of warm fresh bread upon seating with olive oil.  It was so inviting.  We finished that octopus in 1 minute!!  The tender pieces of juicy charred octo swimming in the olive oil and vinegar...man, I could've eaten 4 more of these all by myself.  The grilled meat platter was HUUUUGE!  I'm drooling just thinking about it.  We devoured them all.  And finished it off with Greek coffee and kantaifi.  Mmmm, it tasted so perfectly sweet with the nuttiness of the walnuts.  The tiny side of whipped cream I believe was home made.  And that combo just made my day.  
Please go check it out, it's worth a trip!One of the best restaurants in Philly.  Flies under the radar with excellent food and is topped only by the excellent customer service.Great Greek food! It has truely authentic taste. We had their greek salad, pork souvlaki and their chicken. 
As you wait for your food they give fresh bread with fresh olive oil. In the oil, the added some nice herbs and spices, it was delicious. 
Also, they used fresh oil and basalmic vingerette in the salad. A very simple taste, true to Greek cuisine.
They also have exterior seating along the sidewalk.
Most importantly, they have BYOB, which is pretty great.Wow, Zorba's Taverna  has the best Greek food that I have ever had!  This place is a gem, and you could walk right by and not even realize what you are missing.
Zorba's is on the small side, so I would recommend calling ahead for a reservation if possible.  We called at 8:30 last night, and after some back and forth in Greek between the person who answered the phone and someone else, they decided that we could be seated at 9:30.  
Since we had never dined at Zorba's before, we decided to go all out and try the cold appetizer tray and the Charcoal Platter for two.  We also got a small Greek salad (hey, we were hungry!).  Everything was delicious.  The salad was fresh, crispy, and refreshing.  The appetizer plate had two types of hummus, tzatziki, moussaka, and a few other dips with lightly toasted pita.  The platter was humongous, and was piled high with chicken, pork, lamb, gyro meat, a spinach patty, rice, and veggies.  I didn't try a single thing that I didn't love, and my other half was in a meat-lovers heaven.  
The only slight downside is that the service was a little on the slow side at the end of our meal.  Our food came out extremely quickly, but we did have to wait a little bit to hail down the bill.  Not a problem, and everyone was very friendly.  Prices are very reasonable, our bill amounted to around $45 for all of that food! 
Also, Zorba's is a BYO, so make sure you grab a bottle of your favorite wine on the way out the door!3.5 stars for me.
We ordered the hot app combination platter (octopus, calamari, and mussels), gourmet lamb sampler for two, the greek honey cake for dessert, and coffees so we wouldn't go into a food coma.
The combo platter was not appetizing, so I would forgo this at the next visit. Small bits of octopus and small mussels. The portion for calamari was plentiful, but I was craving more of the octopus and mussels when we placed the order. However, the lamb platter with the red sauce was great! Very, very tender and flavorful. It also came with potatoes and vegetables to help soak up the juices from the lamb and sauce. Honey cake with coffee was needed after this meal. 
Service was attentive! Sit outside when the weather is nice, grab a bottle of wine, and enjoy.have been wanting to go here for awhile now and finally had the chance.  it did not disappoint.
we ordered:
1. small greek salad to start- loaded with tomatoes, feta, cucumbers and a light balsamic dressing
2. the zeus platter- a smattering of the cold + hot appetizers which is code for a plate of 6 different dips, and a platter of calamari (super hot and crispy and tender) with a small bowl each of grilled octopus and mussels stewed in tomato sauce
3. the house special lamb shank- tender fall off the bone lamb with potatoes, rice and mushrooms.  
the portions were generous, the service was super friendly and the food was absolutely delicious.  can't wait to come back to try more entrees.  and it's byob!
win win.Stumbled upon this place after getting turned around, getting lost pays off sometimes. The food here is delicious and has a sort of homey but also restaurant quality to it. The lamb was extremely tender and practically falling off the bone and by far the best thing was the Saganaki which had a great cheesy and slightly tart taste.
If I was to make any minor critique it would be lack of variety in sides, but this is an incredibly minor point in comparison to the rest.Now this is a true Greek restaurant. The food is truly authentic and fantastic. Great portions, great prices and great service. The decor may not be the best, but all the rest makes up for it. This is the place for home-made Greek food. Make this one of your stops on your list for greek food.One of my favorite BYOB's in Philly. As a Philly native who now lives over the state line in DE I make it a point to eat here as often as possible. The food is really good with nice portions and the service is always consisent with nice servers who always seemed to be smiling. I usually have the lamb gyro entree and it never fails that I clean my plate. I hope this place remains one of Philly's untouched gems!!!I love Greek food! Zorba's tavern is BYOB has a lovely patio area where you can people watch while enjoying the atmosphere. (Be careful with the mosquitos; they'll eat you alive out there!) 
We enjoyed the "charcoaled sampler for two" for $37 (pork kabob, chicken kabob, marinated chicken breast, two rack lamb chops, homemade sausage and gyro meat) which is the perfect thing to share and try a little of everything. Although it was delicious I couldn't get over the very high cost of the meals- they will run you $15-$25 on average per entree, and the ambience/quality did not really match the price.As a Greek looking for a nice restaurant in Philly, I stumbled upon Zorba's which was excellent!! The food was spot on, and reminded me of the food I grew up with. The service was wonderful and the food was amazing. We came in on a busy Saturday night and were seated right away and taken care of all night!!The service was fine and the food was tasty but I thought the ambiance was a bit lacking. The menu reminded me a bit of Taco Bell.... A few key ingredients shuffled around to make a variety of different options. We ordered the cold appetizer platter. It was so small that people at our table thought it was something that was compliments of the chef. This was a fine place but will not be a go to staple for me.Ate here for the first time recently. Quaint atmosphere, somewhat dark inside. They do have a few outside tables. The octopus was fabulous!! Very tender and great flavor.
However, they need to update the menus. They have pasta with grated cheese as an option with the meatballs. When we asked for it they said, "no pasta" I pointed out that it was on the menu. The server simply said "Oh those are old menus". Also,  lunch and dinner are on the same menu. We arrived at  4:30pm and were told it was time for the dinner menu. The lunch menu offered the octopus and the "spread" sampler at one price and the dinner menu offered the same items at $2 & $3 higher. 
I would definitely go back for the octopus!!Authentic Greek food. Love the octopus. Love the bronzino. One small critique, whenever we order the horiatiki salad, the tomatoes are never really that fresh. But overall really good.OMG, the charcoal chicken pita sandwich was magical! It has chicken,  lettuce, onion, tziki sauce & fries inside. I omitted the tomato.  So delish! My guy had the charcoal chicken platter with potato, vegetables & rice. He ate it all!  Thank you Zorba's for a magical meal in Philly!  They were so nice that after complementing the meal the chef sent out a free custard, phyllo honey dessert who's name I  can't remember.  Everyone's so nice in Philly!This is a great place to go if you want a nice, quiet dinner and a large, tasty pile of meat. (The pitas/hummus/tzatziki are, of course, also delicious).Phenomenal food!  I've been going here 2-3 times a year for the past 7 years.  I don't even look at a menu any more. Their appetizers are great, I usually go spicy feta dip, and their hummus. And for dinner My wife and I always get the Kapama (lamb shank in red sauce) the bone bone lifts right out, and the meat is sooo tender. And leave room for desert, I recommend the baklava (I get random cravings all the time). And my wife loves the honey cake and a frappe. 
I also want to make a side note about the staff. The cook is very nice and always greet us when we come in. And the 2 brother waiters are awesome. They are such nice guys, and always go out of the way for us.Went there with the wife and kids based on Yelp reviews. Lives up to the rating for the most part.  Food was very good  - had the grilled chicken shishkabob - perfectly cooked and delicious! Kids liked the Spanikopita as well as the meatball's over penne.  Waitress was not helpful at all - maybe caught her on a bad/off day.  Great table bread and pita with the humus.
My Ratings:
5* - Unfreaking believable.  Just the thought of going makes me drool.
4* - Very good. Would recommend to anyone.  Would be happy to return again. 
3* - Meh
2* - Not very good. Would only return if there were no other options.
1* - I know its arrogant to say it, but they should really close up shop. They've proved to me they don't give a sh@t.It's heaven smothered in tzatziki. Maybe Im naive, maybe I'm just not cultured enough - but as far as I'm concerned this is crazy good greek food. Like make out with the pita bread kind of good. 
We had a cold appetizer sampler and then I had eggplant stuffed with feta and tomatoes. Both were out of control delicious. Those two items plus my friends entree totaled to about $30. And it was BYOB. 
Crazy good food and relatively affordable? sold. done and done.Went there Sunday , My family and I all being Greek know what Greek food is suppose to taste like. Hands down the best Greek food we have had here in the USA, Waitress was excellent service was great.Nice authentic feeling spot. Platter was a bit small and had to order a gyro afterwards, but for first time in a real Greek restaurant I was pleasantly surprised by the flavors and quality. Awesome service as wellYup - if you've found yourself to this yelp page, I see some mediterranean goodness sometime in your very near future.  This place is family run and darn good down to the bones.  You're not getting a fancy Starr establishment but I can tell you that you will leave full of some amazing hummus and Tzatziki.  We came here a few weeks ago with some friends that were moving to NYC and wanted this to be one of their going away meals (you're now starting to understand more...) and we couldn't be happier that they chose it.  I'm ashamed to say that we lived in Fairmount for 3 years before heading here but we plan to make up for lost time in the coming months.  Everything was very well seasoned, fresh, and well priced.  We came here late on a Sunday evening and ended up needing to sit out front and wait while a table became available but luckily this is a BYO and we came prepared.  Highly recommend anyone to make a venture to Fairmount to explore this gem!I've been going to Zorba's for greek food for as long as I can remember.  I'm greek and anytime that we feel like going out instead of cooking, we go to Zorba's.  The family who owns it is really nice and the food they serve is quality.  I really enjoy the grilled octopus and the saganaki.  This place reminds me of the traditional tavernas you can find in Greece.  The outside seating is really nice when its nice out and the service is always great!The flaming saganaki sold us! Loved the food and ambience. Good place to go to if visiting the eastern state penitentiary. 
It's a good enough place for vegetarians. Not overloaded with options but not too few either. I had the grape leaves dolmade, which tasted good!
Only minus was the price range. As a student is complain!Popped by on a very hot afternoon for a late lunch on Sunday with my wife and 4 y/o daughter. We had the Greek salad (loaded with toms and cucs), the charcoal chicken platter (comes with roasted veggies and rice and a buttery, skinless, soft potato), and the Gyro platter. No complaints with this good, healthy food!The real deal! True authentic Greek food in a cozy casual atmosphere. Fresh and delicious just like Yia Yia makes it!Hours after becoming an official Fairmount resident, I walked into Zorba's with a party of three. Two of us had been to Greece before, and the pictures on the wall brought us back!
Zorba's is pretty small, but it's bright and has character. The food is fairly priced and delicious, though it took a little long to come out. It was okay, however, as we wanted time to decompress after unpacking boxes all day!
I chose the honey mustard chicken sandwich, which came on a pita with the circular fries on the inside. The others chose the seafood salad and the charcoal chicken and both really enjoyed their dishes as well. We shared the baklava dessert and that was also on point.
The meal was a nice change of pace, and I'm so glad to have this place down the street now! I'll most definitely be back soon.The one star in my review is specifically for terrible service and the awful entrée that my husband received. 
We had dinner with friends last night at Zorba's . Poor service started with the table they placed us at.  We had made a reservation many weeks in advance. When we all arrived, we were directed toward two roundtables each for two people, stuck together to somehow create a table for four. Picture trying to sit at a figure 8. It was awkward and uncomfortable, and our friends' chairs were in the walkway where waiters and waitresses had to rush back and forth. My husband and I were crammed next to a table of five, who turned out to be the loudest diners I have ever sat near in a restaurant. 
We asked for another table but none was available. Our
order was taken after a bit of a wait , and our appetizers arrived after not too long a wait. The appetizers were tasty. 
One hour after we received our appetizers, our entrées came. There was no apology for the delay with the entrées. The restaurant was jam-packed, and it looked to us as if the waitstaff and kitchen were overwhelmed. Three of us ordered the same thing, the octopus, which was tasty. My husband ordered the charbroiled mixed grill. It was actually inedible. Picture charred shoe leather warmed in the microwave. His vegetables were also awful, mushy and tasteless. My husband never ever sends food back to the kitchen. He should have sent this back but he did not. When the waitress came to clear our plates much later, instead of noticing that my husband still has 3/4 of his entrée on his plate, and asking if everything was all right, she whisked the plate away. 
My husband told me that was the worst entree he had ever received in any restaurant in his life. Between that inedible entrée and terrible service, one star for you , Zorba's.Zorba's is the perfect dinner destination on a cold winter night - the decor is very cozy and homey, and the authentic Greek food is warm and comforting.  I had the stuffed eggplant, which was stuffed with grains and veggies and topped with a tomato sauce and feta.  It was delicious, and the perfect portion size (and very reasonably priced at $10).  Our waitress was great, and after my friend asked about the portion size of a dish (and ultimately ordered a different one), the waitress came over to show us the dish when another patron ordered it.  I really appreciated her thoughtfulness, and it definitely made us want to go back (both for the service and to try the dish!).Love this place!  Been there twice this summer and it's been awesome both times.  I love the option to sit inside or out on a nice night. It's in a great location, walking distance from most residences in Fairmount/Art Museum area and the food is terrific. If you like greek, you definitely have to check it out.After months of discussion, my boyfriend and I decided finally to go to Zorba's tonight. I must say, I'm very happy that I went. The service was excellent. Within minutes after we sat down, we had our bottle of wine opened (yes! It's a BYOB!); fresh, moist bread delivered to our table, complete with extra virgin olive oil-and-herb dip; and our order taken by a friendly waitress. (The bread was delicious.) Within two minutes after she took our order, we had our salad. The dressing was a light vinaigrette--my favorite--and there were lots of fresh vegetables. The lettuce was the watery kind, but that was my only gripe. 
For the entree, my boyfriend ordered grilled skewered chicken and I ordered grilled marinated chicken. They were both absolutely perfect... perfectly seasoned, moist, and just really flavorful. The sides included potatoes (yummy), rice (a little soggy, but pretty good), and mixed vegetables (pretty gross, which is partly why I docked them a star). They were quick with refilling water, but were a little slow in giving us the check. However, the waiter was apologetic and cute, so I can forgive them for that. :) I would definitely go here again, especially since it's a BYOB and there is a lack of good, fairly healthy restaurants in the area.Succulent rack of lamb and chicken souvlaki. Will try to get back soon to try more from this restaurant!Went here with my date on a Wednesday night.  While the exterior is underwhelming, it makes for a great surprise once you walk inside.  Fantastic friendly and attentive waitstaff and host.  Great variety of Greek plates, all quickly and deliciously prepared.  Entrees offer great value, plus it's a BYOB.  Dessert was fantastic.  Huge fan and would absolutely return again.The appetizer sampler is a must!-- although go in open minded; the flavors are really interesting.  The atmosphere is so lovely. The outdoor seating while the sun is setting in the summer is blissful. Servers are efficient and kindZorba's is easily my favorite Greek spot in the city. On top of having a great location in fairmount with plenty of outdoor seating, they deliver FOR FREE! And the delivery is super fast. Here's what to order if you need some suggestions:
Cold apps appetizer- sampler of all their cold apps and every single one is amazing, it comes with pita
Saganaki (if dining in) - fried halloumi cheese so it's guaranteed deliciousness 
For vegetarians: umam baldi- stuffed eggplant comes with a side of rice, veggies and potatoes 
I don't know what they put in their veggies and potatoes but they're the yummiest veggies and potatoes you'll eat 
For meat eaters: the octopus platter or the charcoal grill sampler
And finally PLEASE eat the baklava. It's amazing and everything you'll ever want.When I lived in the Fairmount area, this is a place I wanted to visit. I moved and it never happened...and then UberEATS came into existence and I had it delivered to me. What I had was the braised lamb shank with red sauce and my goodness, it was such a well cooked piece of meat. The meat fell off the shank and then melted into my mouth and then I smiled and repeated the process. The vegetables, potatoes, and rice were also delicious. A small area of contention I had was the bread. I received half of a loaf, but am I supposed to dip it in something??? Or am I supposed to eat it straight? I suspect it's meant to dip in olive oil or something. If that's the case, it would be nice to receive a little somethin' somethin' for bread dippin'. The kataifi is incredibly sweet and incredibly delicious. If you're not trying to go into diabetic shock, avoid at all costs. Nonetheless, I would definitely come here in person with a cheap bottle of wine since this place is BYOB and try other things on the menu.Came with a party of 9, the restaurant is byob, so it's nice to be able to bring a few bottles of wine. I was also accompanied by my girlfriend, we decided to split the charcoal platter for 2. I'm Glad to say the platter was excellent, great charcoal taste and a wide variety, with a good portion of proteins. I will definitely return. Furthermore, Yani was our server and was excellent our whole party enjoyed the food, the atmosphere as well as the service.After living 25 years thinking Greek food was like the kind served in Daphne's Cafes, I was blown away by Zorba's.  Each dish has obviously been nurtured to the best possible quality and flavor, seasoned and cooked into perfection.  You're probably discarding my opinion since my comparison is like Kraft Singles vs. smoked gouda, but hey, I love Daphne's and fake cheddar slices.  They remind me of college :)
The service is also great.  I've been there twice, the first time as a save haven from the soreness and cold from visiting the Eastern State Penitentiary in winter.  I had no idea I'd walk into Greek heaven!  It also happened to be Valentine's Day, so we got free heart-shaped ice cream dessert!I haven't been here in a few years, but I was pretty hungry and stopped in here for dinner last night. I got the octopus plate which was quite awesome. Rice, vegetables, potatoes mixed up with slices of octopus. It was very, very tasty. My only complaint about the meal was that there wasn't more. I finished off the meal with a desert I forget how to pronounce. It was like shredded wheat, but much more tasty. Every time I go here I leave nice and satisfied.My absolute FAVORITE restaurant in the city. I know the family personally and I love them they are authentic Greek folk! The menu is delectable and wide. Any and everything you could choose from the menu is the best thing to order, seriously! Whenever I go, I get the lamb and potatoes--YUM! The calamari is pretty great too.Delicious Greek!!  I have eaten here several times and the quality, service and taste were very consistent!  Tzatziki, Mussels and the Kalamari were perfect starters!!  All three were excellent!!  For entrees we had the samplers which gave us a little bit of everything.  Side note-the Gyro meat is a thinner cut, for those looking for bigger slices-though very tasty.  Ultra clean restaurant with super efficient and friendly staff!  I would recommend reservations as larger parties seem to fill the back rooms.  Lastly, don't forget dessert!!  Just finished my leftovers!!  Happy customers here!!I've just realized that I forgot to write a review on this spectacular Greek gem in Fairmount.  The staff was incredibly nice & the food was incredibly tasty!  In all honesty, this is probably the best Greek restaurant I've been to for the price range in which it's listed.  I highly recommend anything on the menu!  The calamari was superb!  The Fisherman's Platter was mouth watering.  My girlfriend and I loved every bite!  The bread rather enjoyable as well, and refilled quickly.  If you enjoy mushrooms you must try their marinated mushrooms!  We will be back, and quite often!Probably my favorite restaurant in Philly. BYOB, right in Fairmount, yummy food and amazing prices.  We always get the lamb dishes here because they are delicious and it's incredible how reasonably priced it is. We frequently get appetizers and desserts here as well and I have never had a dish here that I did not like. We recommend this spot to all our friendsGood service and quality of food; did not realize it is a BYOB; good on lamb and chicken dishes; not as much available for fish eatersOf all of the things I find frustrating about dining out, number one on my list is bringing the entrees while the appetizer is still on the table. This is a mistake on the part on the part of the kitchen and the server. How hard is it to coordinate things? It usually happens in restaurants that are half full and the kitchen has time on its hands. Rather than waiting for the appetizer plates to be cleared, the kitchen occupies itself by making the entree and sending it out. The diner has three choices, to accept the dish and have the table jammed with dishes, have the half-finished appetizer plates cleared, or send the entrees back to the kitchen only to sit out until the server comes back to pick it up and serve it. We were less than half done with the appetizers when we were confronted with the choice at Zorba's and elected to send the entrees back. If restaurants and servers only realized how irritating this is for some diners. Of course you can lower the tip to convey the message to the server and send back the tried out food to the kitchen where the chef may notice it. In this case the owner did and brought us out a complimentary dessert. Notice to chefs and owners ... a free dessert does NOT make up for a crappy meal! Try waiting until the appetizer plates are cleared before sending out the entree. It's not hard to do, just be a professional and notice what's going on. Don't worry about fixing things for me. I won't be back. .Love this place!  The food is always good and the staff always friendly.
Only downside is it is not wheelchair accessible so I come as much as possible for the outside seating.A little taste of Greece in Philadelphia, this restaurant is a gem. Will be back to try more of their dishes!My favorite greek in the city. Inexpensive, family run, BYOB. And the food is delish. I recommend the cold dip appetizer sampler (really, a MUST), grilled octopus, and the baked eggplant dish....mmmmm....i'm hungry just thinking about it!This place is definitely bigger than it appears on the outside.  I often walked by here and never went in thinking it was a carry-out place with some seats, but there are two large back rooms.  It is definitely one of those awesome family-run places with awesome food and not a lot of "show".  I took my friend here because she is taking a trip to Greece next month, and found our new favorite neighborhood BYO.  
We started with the Zeus appetizer, which could easily be a meal in itself if you want to try a little of everything.  The grilled octopus was phenomenal and the sauce was so good, I had to use the crusty bread to sop it up. I also highly recommend the stuffed eggplant.  I have never tasted anything so good and will definitely be ordering it again!  
Overall, great food, inexpensive, no frills neighborhood gem!Zorbas is a fun little Greek paradise on the food-desert known as Fairmount (I kid...we're getting better...). 
If you're a vegetarian, carnivore or omnivore, you're sure to find something appetizing here. The cold appetizer plate is small-ish, but loaded with different Greek delights including, hummus, other hummus, yogurt hummus type of thing, babaganoush and spicy feta, which looks like all of the other stuff on the plate, but is spicy and wonderful.
The hot appetizer comes with calamari that is more scrumptious than any onion ring you'll ever eat. It actually tastes like calamari...that's been breaded...not breaded that's been calamaried. There's some octopus dip too, but the tentacles were a little much for me...now that I want an octopus as a pet.
Order two pitas - fluffy, light and warm, these are absolutely the quintessence of Greek pita.
And the artichoke dish for a main course will make you feel healthy and guilty at the same time...smothered in some sort of butter sauce that's lemony, these hearts will win you over.
Oh, and share a piece of giant baklava. It's pretty huge, and sticky, and flakey, and everything that baklava should be.Nothing beats a zorba greek salad and their fresh bread. The place is super small but the food is 100% authentic and fresh. Highly recommendFantastic Saganaki!  Friendly and always a delight!  Experiment--love the Zeus platter as well as the octopus!The first time I dined here over the summer, I was seriously impressed. The food was outstanding. But perhaps it was just because I was practically starving after Bastille Day festivities. When we returned recently for a friend's birthday dinner, the food was probably just as good, but the service was strange. Awkward and kind of inattentive. I'll cut them some slack since it was a busy Saturday night and we were a large party (of which there seemed to be several that evening.) That being said, I still really like Zorba's would definitely be back. Especially in the warm-weather months, it's nice to walk around Fairmount & BYO is always good with me.We go here all the time, bring friends and family and really love it! Lunch is much cheaper than dinner. The cold dip plate is great. Plan to order extra bread.I'd been itching to go here for about a year, as it was recommended highly by friends and colleagues.  Coming in with high expectations and anticipating portions similar to those of Dmitri's and Audrey Claire, I was suprised how tiny the portions were for the price. The Zeus Plate read like a feast on the menu, but on the table each appetizer sample was 1/3 the size of my fist (except for 1/2 plate full of fried calamari, which neither of us wanted).
Still, the food is flavor-packed.  Delicious octopus (but not as good as Dmitri's or Audrey Claire) and juicy charred chicken.  The baba and hummus were also scrumptious.  
The BYOB restaurant has many rooms with nooks and crannies for tables large and small, for communal or intimate gatherings.  Our server was awesome and amiable.  I'd go back if someone else was paying, but my dine-out dollars will keep going to Dmitris.We've  lived in the neighborhood for seven or eight years but just recently started to go to this place. The foos is great, nice atmosphere, and the prices are reasonable -highly recommended.This is the perfect "I don't want to cook on friday night" restaurant.
Food is impeccably Greek, service is friendly and the atmosphere is Fairmont meet Lower Manhattan. Nice crowd and great prices.
A must.Love this place. I think many people have really high hopes for some places and if something doesn't meet their expectations they will criticize it. We've been going to this place since 2007. We had private parties there, had a bday lunch, business lunch, met with friends, etc. Always GREAT food and friendly service. And the prices are pretty good for the great food they serve.I love Zorba's food and excellent service.  Zorba's is a great authentic Greek BYOB with an unbelievably pleasant staff.  One of my favorite things is everyone greeting you when you enter and exit.  The kitchen and waiting staff (all family I have gathered) all say hello, goodbye, and thank you.  The food is always consistent and superior.  4 out of 5 because the interior needs a little updating.I like this restaurant because it's convenient and has decent food and because I admire the hard work of the family who own and run it.  The food is not gourmet or fancy - it's "solid" Greek food that is satisfying.  I like the cold appetizer platter to start, a mix of classic Greek appetizers such as hummus, tsaziki, and other spreads.  The ambience is casual. The physical space is a bit worn but they spruce it up with white tablecloths.  The prices are reasonable. The family members who cook and serve are probably some of the hardest workers I've ever seen.  The kids have pretty much run the restaurant for years as they grew into adults, and their work ethic is next to none.  I think that's the real reason I like to go there.  It's an honest hard - working immigrant family and their pride comes through in the food.great Greek food! We always get the charcoal sampler...AWESOME!  Tried a few of the lamb dishes that were really good also.  Every dish is seasoned to perfection.This will be my new regular.  A friend of mine introduced me to this place a few days ago and I got a lamb roll to go. From the first bite I could tell that this place knew how to cook lamb for once.  The lamb was cooked until it nearly fell apart , you could tell that it was young because it didn't have that smell of a stinky grown sheep.  You know exactly what I'm talking about.  Came back again for some more take out a few days later and then the next day and they remembered who I was.  I like when you go to a restaurant and it has the feeling that you welcome and respected.  I ordered the lamb shank with vegetables.  Perfect.  The lamb was fresh and tender, coming right off the bone like lamb should be. The the vegetables,beans, potatoes and rice all had a distinct flavor. The rice you could tell was not of cheap quality because it didn't turn into mush when you ate it.  We never ran out of water to drink and bread to dip in the sauce.  
Bottom Line-  The owners care about the food, fast service, food is all home made except the fries good for lunch because its cheaper.
P.S if you come to a family owned restaurant right before they close and complain about them not serving you. Give them a damn break, they work all day preparing fresh food and some people like to go home and relax. So stop being a baby and tell them to have a good night and leave.Best baklava I've ever tasted!!! Thanks :) I can't wait to try the saganaki next time I'm at the restaurant.Great food, ehhh service, cute ambiance.  I gave this place a 3  namely because our waitress was kind of quick and impatient, but overall, everything else was pretty nice.  Great place for first dates (unless you're into a bougie-er atmosphere :) or small group meetings.  Very dimly lit inside.  Don't get the octopus like I did (unless your're into chewing the hell out of your meet :).  Try the leg of lamb!!  They were VERY good with splitting the check 7 ways.
And there you have it.  Short, sweet and hopefully helpful :)Amazing food and they accommodated a very large party, service was great and their homemade greek yogurt for dessert was perfectionCalled Zorba's at 3:o'clock on a Friday and after a few minutes of juggling, they were able to find us an Table, good start to what I will say was superb service and food grilled to perfection. It appears that they expanded since my last visit (2 yrs ago) but this is still a cozy intimate place that is awesome for a nicely prepared experience. 
Started out with the cold combination appt. and it was definitely worth it. Refreshing and flavors that excites your taste buds to no end. Plenty for two but be  adventurous and try the grilled octopus. You will enjoy whatever you take home tomorrow if not later that night. 
Moved onto the "Fisherman's Feast" good golly miss Molly every bite was a party that had me tapping my feet under the table. 
As I looked around the room I noticed most were digging in with yum written all over their face.
Sorry didn't do dessert, I just wanted to savor the flavors I had just experienced. Come you will not regret it. I suggest you call and make a reservation.I've been to Zorba's twice now and had good food both times. The exterior does suggest a cheesy college town version of a Greek restaurant. However the food is anything but mediocre.  On my last trip I had a soutsoukis pita sandwich and a greek salad. The Greek salad had an abundance of vegetables, a flavorful dressing, and delicious olives(watch out for the pits!). The soutsoukis pita sandwich was good, if a bit messy. The waiter was very attentive and filled my water numerous times. My only complaint was that it took a little long to get my sandwich, considering that there were not that many people in the restaurant.Was a huge fan! But I should have know something was a miss when we sat down. First off let me say that I really like there food! I was so excited to show my friends a great Greek restaurant in Philadelphia ( as I managed one in NJ ) I had to use the rest room there was no toilet paper. Hey it happens!!  There was paper towels instead. I told the waiter. Then when we asked for more bread and oil the server said NO I don't want you to fill up on bread! I have never been told NO by a server when asking for more bread 30 years in the business as a chef and manager I was appalled and embarrassed.  Next he forgot my friends diet coke no big deal.  I had to ask for pita 7 times which they do charge you for. No problem I don't mind paying but when I tell you to bring out lots of pita we are pita people bring it out! Our one guest is limited to certain foods so she orders salad and never comes.  Waiter ( order taker) looks at us like we are lying and says we never order it. We get more dips xtra octopus
I have to tell you I have been cooking and managing for years the food here is good Greek food.  I started to feel sick I ate dips,  octopus and artichokes as my meal. I went to the ladies room and got sick. Again no toilet paper.  Again on my way out I  paid cash and generous tip ( which should be lower due to the smirking order takers)
I said to him I told someone about the no toilet paper he said there is paper towels cause we ran out! Are you serious?   Go to the store and get some!  2nd reason I won't be back.
We then leave. One more person gets sick eating the dips after ordering a second fish roe dip. The 3rd gets sick 2 hours after him. The 4th got sick an hour after. The only one that didn't get sick was the person who didn't eat any dips. I called and who ever answered the phone seems not to believe us. It happens in every restaurant I understand you get defensive it's natural. 
I really love there food!  But I won't be back and it's not so much we got sick all 4 of us.
It's because of the wait staff.
Being told NO for bread was wrong. I'm paying for that bread it isn't free it's worked into the bill. Plus you don't tell a guest NO.
The no toilet paper really bothered me when the server said they were out. Go buy some. Health Hazzard plus really you are asking ladies to use paper towels.
Forgetting our coke was okay it happens.  But forgetting someone's dish for there meal is something else. ( there is another review about this) I'm saddened by the turn of events that happen last night. I won't be paying cash anymore either I learned my lesson.  If I paid by card I would have canceled it due to us 4 getting sick.  So they are lucky I paid cash. The bill was low 105 $ but it was all apps.
I gave 26$ tip. ( always tip cash for servers because they sometimes have to wait a week to get there tips) 
Again love the food just won't be back. They need to tighten up on line checks and temps and rotation of products so people don't get sick. I wouldn't question if it was just me but 4 of us??Undeniably one of our favorite spots in town. Greek home cooking by a wonderful Greek family. Decor and atmosphere is exactly what you'd expect from an unpretentious spot like this, so come for the food not the red carpet. The cold and hot appetizer plate is amazing, everything on there...though it can be very garlic heavy. Every other dish we've tried has been excellent. Perfect spot to drink and eat too much. Love this place beyond words.Best Greek food in This area. they deliver fast, and it's consistently great tasting. The gyro meat is super thin, which we like, and the tsatziki is refreshing and well made. The chicken filet is juicy, and the side of roasted potatoes and rice and veggies makes my meal seem healthy.Beautiful lunch experience at Zorba's this afternoon! We shared a charcoal chicken sandwich and a lamb platter--both out of this world. Zorba's scores well in flavor, ambiance, service, and pricing.
The sandwich was crafted perfectly with fresh ingredients and their homemade dressing.  Both meats were moist and flavorful. (To my surprise, the chicken was more noteworthy than the lamb.) 
The platter was filling and memorable as well. The lamb was served over rice and accompanied by mixed vegetables and a boiled and buttered potato. 
Perfection! Thank you!Went to Zorba's over the weekend when my boyfriend and I were just walking around the Fairmount area. I think he was tempted by the frappes that some people were drinking just outside the restaurant. Not much to look at from the outside, but the interior is cozy. We were seated promptly and after enough time to peruse the menu, we gave our order to our waitress. She came back after a few minutes with a basket of bread and some olive oil, and our frappes - these are so much better than regular iced coffee drinks! I'll have to ask next time if they serve traditional Greek coffee (made with a briki and served in demitasse cups). Since we were there at the start of dinner service, our food arrived before I even finished a slice of bread.
I had the spanakopita (one of the specials) - it was absolutely perfect! I didn't care that I burnt my tongue with the first couple of bites because it tasted so good! The phyllo dough was golden and flaky, just as it should be, making a mess on my plate each time I cut off a bite, and the spinach and feta filling was creamy and delicious - more often than not, I've had spanakopita that tasted really bitter because canned spinach was used. It tasted like fresh spinach and phyllo to me! My boyfriend had the grilled octopus with a side of Greek potatoes and vegetables - the octopus was tender and seasoned well, and the potatoes/vegetables (looked like green beans and tomato) reminded him of the potatoes that his mother used to make. We were too full to try any of the desserts, but I hope to try them another time. 
Definitely a hidden gem in the Fairmount area, I'd definitely recommend Zorba's to anyone looking for tasty Greek food.I've heard good things about Zorba's, so I thought I'd give it a try.  I placed a delivery order, I live just a few blocks away.
Delivery was surprisingly fast, and the food was excellent!  I chose the Pork Souvlaki, hearty portions, and the sides were delicious as well.
I look forward to eating at the restaurant!Great service, delicious food and a cozy atmosphere. They have 8 or so tables outside,  some under cover. Lots of vegetarian and pescatarian options. Three of us split an appetizer and two entrees. The grilled eggplant topped with tomatoes and feta was outstanding. Planning to come back the next time I'm in PhillyI ordered takeout from Zorbas and it was so, so good! I had the Greek salad, spicy feta and pita, and fries. It came super fast (I ordered through Uber eats) and the food traveled super well. The fries in particular were still very crispy and absolutely delicious even after traveling. Only didn't give 5 because they forgot my side of tzatziki. Overall would definitely recommend.we had the chicken souvlaki and the gyro for dinner - excellent food.  Service was also excellent.  We had a great dining experience.Wish I could give this place more than 5 stars. EVERYTHING was delicious. Got the calamari and eggplant to start. Not usually an eggplant fan but could not stop eating it. I got the lamb gyro which was delicious! Something about their sauce was just perfecting. Can't wait to go back for moreGreat place, great price, great people.
This is my girlfriend and I's go to place when we are going out for dinner.  We like to try new places but when we want something that we know will be a great choice, Zorba's fits the bill.  Cool atmosphere.  Small but open dining room and a very knowledgeable staff.  The waiters all recognize us and remember us when we walk in and they always have something to recommend to us.  Pricing on items outside of the platters is a bit on the high side but don't let that sway your decision.  This is traditional greek.  You will love it.  If you don't know what to get, get the grill sampler platter.  It is enough for 3 people to share or 2 people who are really hungry.  
I cannot recommend this place enough.  Do yourself a favor and sit down and let the staff take  you through athens on fairmont.Went here on a Saturday night without a reservation and was seated within a few minutes - the space is much larger than it seems! We were served bread while waiting that was delicious with the oil/vinegar. The two of us ordered the charcoal grill sampler for 2 and it was brought out quite quickly. The platter had a variety of meats with some rice, beans, potatoes, and veggies as sides. The lamb chops and gyro meat were our favorites; both were very flavorful and the lamb chops were juicy! The sausage was also tasty. The other meats were not as good - the kebab chicken, marinated grilled chicken, and kebab pork were all quite dry and we had to eat it with a lot of lemon juice and tzatziki. The sides were all great and very flavorful. The platter was a good amount of food. Between the two of us, we finished everything and were very full. The service and atmosphere were great, overall enjoyed our experience. Would recommend the lamb dishes and gyros!Unfortunately, I will not be able to review the food here. This was going to be my first order from here. I had several friends at my house and we were craving some food and decided to call Zorba's and get a bunch of appetizers and gyros delivered. The woman asked what I would like and I started by telling her two lamb gyros. No sooner than I said the word gyro I was told they don't make them after 4:00PM. It was about 8:00PM when I called. This was a major disappointment and I stopped my order right there as we all wanted gyros and apps. I don't understand how a place that specializes in Greek food can take gyros off the menu. I've been to a few greek restaurants and other than Zorba's they make gyros all day/night. Because Zorba's doesn't make gyros after 4pm they just lost our $60 order. This experience has soured me on this restaurant and I won't be trying again.A pleasant traditional Greek restaurant serving all the standards at reasonable prices.  There is nothing especially noteworthy about the food with the exception of the grilled octopus, which was perfectly done.  The roasted lamb is overdone but tasty, no pink for this chef and accompanied by the traditional sides of roasted potato and rice.  Why an ice-cream scooper's worth of rice is considered important with another starch on the plate is something I will leave for others to determine.
The service was efficient and the Greek music apparently SOP for traditional tavernas.  You won't break the bank here and you won't leave planning your next visit.  You will have a pleasant experience.Great food. Hadn't been there in a while but they recently began delivery so I ordered. Delivery was fast, friendly and food was just as my last visit in person, delicious. The Greek salad, gyros, rice, roasted potatoes and mixed vegetables were awesome. I'll be ordering again soon.Oh man I don't even know how to describe Zorba's. I have literally never had a bad meal there - at least 20 times eating there between dining in and takeout - and everything I've had immediately becomes my favorite!  BYOB (there's a liquor store just up Fairmount Ave).I was hungry when I showed up just over an hour from closing time. They were inviting and pleasant and the food - calamari and the BBQ meat sampler for one - more than filled me up and was really delicious. I sat out on the walk on a nice night, not sure how big it is inside. Well done, glad I found the place.Went yesterday for the first time for BOTH lunch and dinner. Let me explain. We stopped for lunch and had the meat sampler for two + veggies. Everything was delicious, in particular the lamb, chicken, and sausage. My friend also had the rice pudding, which he loved. After paying, we felt so comfortable that we just sticked around chatting the afternoon away. We didn't decide to stay, it just sort of happened. Everyone was very nice and kept filling our water without sending us away. Dinner time came and I ordered the grilled octopus, which was very very good. Sidewalk seating was a plus. All in all, excellent food and comfortable, down to earth environment. Highly recommended.Not impressed.  (Let me first say that I love Greek food and sometimes cook Greek food at home.  No, I'm not Greek, but I feel like I know a thing or two about the cuisine.  Opa!)
Went here on a Saturday night and was surprised that it wasn't crowded.  Was it a sign of the economy or the quality of the restaurant?  The saganaki had the look and texture of fried mozzarella sticks.  (When, I believe it should be more grilled than deep fried.)  The cut-up vegetables on the plate (onions, tomatoes, cucumbers) seemed a little dried out.  I ordered the gyro from the dinner menu and was confused to see a pile of meat with french fries --- that's it.  Oh, sorry, a little tub of tzaziki.  I asked about a pita.  Was informed it was 75 cents extra.  Um, isn't a gyro a pita sandwich?  Oh, and for $15, I expected something more than meat and potatoes on a plate. The meat and the french fries seemed overly greasy, as I had quite bad indigestion later that night.  My dinner companion had a vegetarian dish that was "OK" but this person also made the comment that it, too, seemed greasy.  
The servers were all pleasant and quick with water refills.  The decor is cute and we joked with the waitress that we had a view of the Aegean from our table, based on how the wall was painted.  I really hate to give them a bad review, as I really wanted to like this place.  I've had gyros a million times better from little hole in the wall places for a fraction of the cost.  I don't understand the high premium on pitas.  I understand wheat prices have gone up, but that's kind of a staple of the cuisine.  
I could possibly be persuaded to go again, to be proven wrong, but for now my gastrointestinal system needs to cleanse.Usually do takeout as I work closeby so its a good option when being too lazy to cook. Very friendly owners who usually offer samples if your food is not ready. I do not eat seafood so I tend to stick with the Charcoal Platters which are always spot on. Only negitive is I think the prices are a little high however you can always depend on a quality meal.My group and I stumbled upon this place when we were desperately trying to find a place to eat before crossing over to the Eastern Penitentiary for our haunted journey through the abandoned prison. Everything else nearby was either closed or too crowded, or was no longer serving food.
If you ask me what types of cuisines I like, I probably would not mention Greek, which was why I was not too excited to come here for dinner. But we were all starving and out in the cold and just needed a place that can feed us as we waited. 
I know very little of Greek cuisine and I know for sure that they are famous for their gyros. I thought I'd just pick that but that night, we were told that they were not serving gyros. I was worried that I would not have any other interesting options to choose from. With the hunger and very little energy I had left, I just trusted my sister to pick the dish and my friend to pick the appetizers. We were all gonna share anyway. 
To start, we had the combination of hot appetizers that included fried calamari, mussels in red wine, and grilled octopus. Very good choice! No crumbs were left behind. The grilled octopus was tender and marinated humbly in some oil... 
For our main courses, we had the meatballs with rice, roasted potatoes, and grilled veggies. Originally, my friend wanted something from the vegetarian menu but our waiter told us almost everything vegetarian was out that night. Must be that good eh. So he recommended the meatballs. My sister and I ordered the Grilled Skewered Chicken Breast served with rice, roasted potatoes and mixed veggies or french fries and mixed veggies. 
The meatballs were nice and soft, but I was not too crazy with the sauce that it came with. I LOVE their grilled chicken breast skewers. So tender and juicy! The french fries were unlike others that I have ever tried before. They were flat like chips and well-seasoned. It helped that we were all starving. We devoured and savored every bite and did not leave anything behind. I'm a sauce girl but I did not even need sauce on my chicken! That says a lot!
Where the waiter promised a delicious meal, Zorba's delivered it. If I am around the area again, I would not hesitate to come back. =)All the food seemed to be very good. We had the Sampler for two, a lovely platter with two lamb chops, two chicken & two pork souvlaki sticks, chicken breast all perfectly charbroiled. These were placed on a plate of tasty rice and potatoes, greek style. It was one of the best Greek meals I've ever had.I came here for dinner with a group of 7. We all seemed to like our food, as everyones plates were pretty clean. I got the oven roasted meatballs - Soutzoukakia. I was originally going to get fish but was told it would take 30 minutes (my only complaint). The food we did order was relatively fast though.
The service is really good. They came frequently to refill water. It was also BYOB. The waiters were friendly even though we weren't the easiest group to deal with. As soon as we sat down, baskets of bread were brought over.
The food was filling, so we didn't have room for dessert. They were also accommodating and let us pay with several credit cards.
3.5 stars for this place.My biggest peeve when I went there the other day was that I ordered a pita sandwich which said that it had roasted eggplant and feta on it.  There was a small amount of baba ganoush and no discernible feta AND french fries - NOT on the side - in the sandwich.  What the heck????  Nothing served during lunch came out on anything larger than an 8" plate including my brother's lamb dish.  We ordered their sample of spreads which was delicious but there were only like 2 Tablespoons of each spread.  A plate of pita bread triangles came out with everything - we had so much that we took home a large take out container of them. Our bill came out to $62 even after my sandwich was taken off the bill - this was for three people at lunchtime.  My brother said they should change their name to Ex-Zorba-tant.   There are definitely better Greek restaurants in the city.We found Zorba's through Yelp! when we wanted some good food near the Art Museum. The walk was pleasant and found Zorba's in the area between the Art Museum and the Eastern State Penitentiary, along with other small restaurants in the area. We found the homely run place welcoming, and were promptly sitted in a nicely decorated area. The menu was vast and they seem to have different portions for lunch and dinner. The hummus appetizer was delicious, and our meals were well portioned and tasty. We really enjoyed our lunch there and were chatting with the waiters. Highly recommended.I really liked this place. We happened to pass by it after a tour of the penitentiary and decided to stop in for an early dinner. It is a small and quaint little place. The staff was very nice, attentive and knowledgeable. The prices are good as well. 
We got the pita and hummus, and i fell in love with it. The pita was so fresh. The artichokes constantinople was just delectable. The gyro were so delicious and juicy. Nothing was overdone or dry or undercooked for that matter. 
I definitely loved it!I was expecting a lot more. I came here early evening on a Saturday. It is BYO which is good. We started with the cold appetizer sampler -- wouldn't have been my first choice but my girlfriend wanted it, so okay. I was very disappointed immediately by the solitary dolmades on the plate. The various dips were nothing special at all. The hummus was very lackluster, and to be honest I'm suspicious that it came from a large store bought tub. I followed with the roast lamb. Again, disappointing. It was well seasoned, sure, but so dry and overcooked, which is a sin with roast lamb. I am actually wondering if it was tossed into the microwave given that it came so fast and it was early in the evening. The server was quite nice but the food was disappointing so I wouldn't recommend.I love ordering from here, some of the best Mediterranean/Greek in Philadelphia. The soutzoukakia is fantastic.Amazing food and service! Just had dinner tonight and it was great. Made reservations earlier in the week and we were seated right away. BYOW made it so much better. Seriously wish I discovered this place earlier because the food was so delicious and authentic (comparable to what I ate in Athens). Had the grill meat platter then shared a baklava. Both delicious. Will definitely be back!Never had a bad meal here! The staff (I'm guessing it's a family business, because I see the same people every time) is always friendly, courteous, and prompt. 
I thought I'd update my review since the last time I reviewed Zorba's was nearly two years ago. The other night, we started off with the spicy feta dip and the calamari. The calamari is here is easily one of the best (if not THE best) I've ever had. Unlike most places, it's not 80% breading. I can actually taste the calamari, which is done perfectly. It's not chewy, rubbery, or the like.
Once again, I got my go-to dish, the soutzoukakia. I swear they put crack in these meatballs. I have yet to find these at any other Greek place, but I doubt any other place would do it justice!Menu looks promising, though both times I ordered there I found the food to be a bit salty. The veggies that accompany the main dishes don't taste fresh (Like they come from a can) and are drenched in oil.Went here Friday night with a friend for a girl's night.  The sample appetizer of all their dips was awesome-and ample in size! The spreads are great (not too oily!) and interesting (caviar spread-delish!).  The only complaint is that my dish was basically an oil slick-I ordered the eggplant dish as my entree, and specifically asked if it was oily, and was told no.  It was soaked totally in oil, but still delicious.  My friend got the meat sampler, and loved it.  The prices were also really reasonable, and BYO is also phenomenal.  Also gives off a cute, family owned, and authentically Greek vibe.  I'd definitely go back, would just avoid the eggplant.I love this place .food and service is amazing
I definitely recommend it .is the only restaurant with a traditional Greek cuisineI was pleasantly surprised by this little hole in the wall. Everything was very authentic, well seasoned and flavorful. You cannot beat the price point either. The lunch portions can run a little on the smaller side but overall this is still some of the best Greek food I have had on the East Coast.Amazing lunch experience. Lamb was sooo tender. Every item on my plate was perfection. Great staffAwesome, if you're fan of middle eastern European food. Lamb dishes on dinner menu are the bomb! BYOB.
I would have given them 4*s but the middle Eastern- European bouncer/waiter dude was not comfortably polite. He offered us table on only condition - we have to finish our dining in 1.5 hrs.This place has a very authentic feel to it .. It has great pictures on its wall and has Greek music playing. The people serving you are a happy bunch and food is lip smacking good ! The lamb was very well cooked and the portion size was very good (not just a dab of fancy food on your table) - go there when you are hungry and are craving good food ! The grape leaves were also delish !! I went another time and ordered the assortment of cold appetizers and it was the best thing ever !! Highly recommended for foodies - the caviar dip is the best followed by spicy feta and the rest were all good !!This joint does not disappoint.   Try all your Greek favorites.   You will not find them lacking.Zorba's is super tasty, and it is very well priced.  When the weather is nice, and you have wine and friends, you definitely should check out Zorba's.  Their roasted pepper entree was vegetarian and DELICIOUS!  You can't go wrong with the cold appetizer platter with hummus, cucumbers, tzatziki, and a few other yummy treats!  The family that owns the restaurant is sweet and very attentive.  Definitely a great for a nice casual meal.We've  lived in the neighborhood for seven or eight years but just recently started to go to this place. The foos is great, nice atmosphere, and the prices are reasonable -highly recommended.We went for an impromptu dinner during the week and enjoyed a very pleasant meal here. We ordered the dolmades to start and the octopus and kapama as entrees. The octopus was excellent, well-balanced and tender. My boyfriend got the kapama and was raving about it. Service was friendly and prompt. I will definitely be returning to get my Greek fix!Great, super authentic, large portioned Greek food.   Not sure they could fit one more picture on the walls, but definitely "sets the mood" for a Greek feast.  BYOB.  Better Greek than Figs a couple blocks away.  Plates are EXACTLY what you would get if ordered in Greece.This Greek dinner last night was AWESOME. I liked the food here better than the food at Estia! 
We were seated in less than five minutes, on a Friday night at 7! The restaurant has two small, dining rooms and it's cozy. The service was attentive but not intrusive. 
I loved that the bread was served with not only olive oil, but good, tasty vinegar. 
I immediately searched the menu  for my favorite Greek dish, moussaka, and when I didn't find it, I found what may have been an even better, and definitely related dish - melitzanes papoutsakia, or stuffed eggplant. It was SO GOOD. Like moussaka, it has eggplant, spiced ground meat, and bechamel. The accompanying potato was a marvel unto itself: tender, juicy (tasted like they may have cooked it in chicken broth), flavorful. HEAVEN. 
The phyllo-custard dessert was really great too. 
This is definitely my new favorite restaurant in a neighborhood I'm just starting to explore - Fairmount.I absolutely love this place. I come here quite often, especially when I get a taste for lamb chops. They char-broil the meat and it is delicious! Then it's all served with roasted veggies and potatoes that are just as amazing. Since my family is small it makes a great place to celebrate those special moments. I have yet to introduce this place to anyone who didn't like it.EXCELLENT food and priced reasonably.
We ate dinner and had the octopus, squid, and lamb - ALL were excellent.Easily some of the best Greek food we have ever had.  Stopped here after a visit to the Philadelphia Museum of Art.  My husband and I got food off of the lunch menu.  For an appetizer we ordered the cold appetizer sampler plate, which was a variety of different dips (don't ask me to name them I couldn't spell them if I tried).  We thoroughly enjoyed all of them.  They were all extremely flavorful and much better than similar dishes we've had at other Greek restaurants.  My husband got a lamb lunch platter which included lamb ,rice , and Greek potatoes.  The dish was a little small because it was a lunch platter , but my husband reported that the lamb was super tender and flavorful as were the rest of the items on his dish .I wasn't sure what I wanted so I just stuck to the tried and true traditional Gyro. The Gyro had that perfect blend of meat ,lettuce tomato tzatiki sauce and onions.  The meat was sliced super thin, and was probably some of the tenderest I've ever had.   Service was prompt and friendly.  Prices were reasonable.  Lunch for two came to $30.Although i have yet to eat in at Zorba's, i wanted to test it out with some take out the other night. It is a little remeniscent of the Italian restaurant that Tony Soprano sits in front of, with a table of old Greek dudes chain smoking and speaking Greek out on the street, but I felt right at home walking in there.
I ordered the cold appetizer plate, which came with pita bread and cucumbers. All the dips, I dont want to butcher the names so i wont even bother, were delicious, esp the tsatziki.
For my entree, I got the Braised Lamb Shank in tomato and red wine sauce over penne pasta. It was so flavorful, the meat fell right off the bone, and the sauce was delcious. The vegetables that came on the side were really flavorful as well. For 15 DOLLARS, fuhgeddaboutit as tony would say.
Further investigation will be done once i dine in, but for now. 5 stars.This was my first time dining in at Zorbas and my family's first time there. We had a reservation for 10 on Saturday night and were seated in one of the side rooms. There was only one other party seated in the room so it felt private. The service was great from start to finish - our servers were friendly and kept popping in to check on us. 
We started out with the cold appetizer sampler - an assortment of cold spreads served with pita bread. My favorites were the garlic spread and spicy feta. I personally could've done without the caviar. I wonder if they'd allow us to switch that out for another spread next time.
For dinner, I was tempted to get the charcoal sampler again but figured I should try something new and went with the lamb shank in red wine sauce. While the dish was tasty, the lamb was on the chewy side and not as tender as I would've liked. However, no one else seemed to have this issue with what they ordered. The popular dishes at our table were the chicken souvlaki, gyro, and stuffed eggplant.We had lunch here and it was amazing.  Great spot, cozy atmosphere and friendly staff.  The pita was fresh and delicious.  Need to return for dinner.We were going to try Kanella but they were booked on a Friday night. Zorba's was able to get in a party of 8 with relatively little notice. The restaurant was full of people but very with a cozy, family-style atmosphere. The waitress was the owner's daughter. We all thoroughly enjoyed our meals (sampler for two, artichoke vegetarian dish, shrimp poseidon). Parking was very easy also right across the street. My suggestion is bring a great bottle of wine and eat your dinner here, then go down the street to the coffee or pastry shop for dessert.I came here on a Friday evening with a friend and her dad.  We sat outside and never got a chance to go inside.  Our waitress was very attentive and came to check on us every few minutes.  
The food was good.  We started out with the fried kalamari.  Very crispy and tasty.  For my main entree, I had the pork souvlaki.  It was good, but for $18.00 I was expecting better quality and a bigger portion.  I probably will come back, but maybe for lunch.Had a nice experience, the big sampler was really tasty. BYOB and really nice outdoor seating. The only thing that concerned me was I kept hearing a microwave beeping from the kitchen. What could they possibly have been microwaving?I've been here several times and each time has been wonderful! Especially the desert inside the hollowed out frozen fruit!!   And one of the waiters is a total hunk!Although slightly off, the name alone immediately made me think of the Portokalos restaurant from the movie My Big Fat Greek Wedding.  It's a small cozy restaurant, and as  you walk in, you must pass by the kitchen before entering the dining area.  We didn't have a reservation, but were easily accommodated.  Very friendly and attentive servers.  My friends and I shared 2 lamb dishes, a seafood dish, and a vegetarian dish, which did not take too long to come out.  Wish I wrote down what it was we ordered to remember, but it's no problem!  I'd be happy to eat it again if I ordered the same thing.  Everything reminded me of my time years ago in Greece, from the tasty flavors, deliciously cooked meats, and the regular guests that added to the atmosphere.  The only thing missing was a bottle of wine (or ouzo) which was our fault for not bringing any.  Maybe next time.  OPA!Decent Greek place is always a good thing. Very good meal. Didn't like being charged for extra pita though. The $10 cold app. plate great deal and was very good. I forget what else we had, but we would definitely go back. Reasonably priced.This place is great!  On NYE they were able to take a reservation for 18 people last minute!  The staff is extremely friendly and accommodating and even were okay with 4 people in our party getting their own separate tab.
The grilled octopus was amazing.  It was super tender and not rubbery or chewy like most places.  The stuffed eggplant with feta and a red sauce was also delicious and super cheap at only 10 bucks!  The service was also really fast.  I will definitely be back here!I love tasting good Greek food and this is the place to do it. Everything I have ate here and been amazing tasting.We've lived in the Philly area for a little over a year now and in all honesty, the food options haven't got me craving anything, ever.  That is, until tonight. Our meal this evening is something that I can see myself craving on a regular basis. 
We had a fun tour of the ESP and decided to walk over to Zorba's for dinner, especially since we'd already paid for parking across the street.  I am SO glad we did.  We started off with the Calamari appetizer, which was good. It is probably the only thing that I ate this evening that I don't have to have when we return.  Our second appetizer plate was the Saganaki and it was super absolutely delicious and a fun show for the kids (if they're not afraid of fire).  We ordered the charbroiled meat platter (for 2) that happily filled our family of 2 adults and two 8 year olds bellies with a few pieces of meat in a to go box.  Every single thing on that plate from the Lamb, chicken, sausage and gyro to the potatoes and beans and even the rice was freaking delicious.  I'm serious, I even asked for extra beans.  They were fabulous.  
As if we weren't already full enough, we couldn't decide, so we shared two desserts.  The honey cake, which one of my girls thought was the best dessert ever.  And the thing that I can't remember they name- it's like a deconstructed baklava- very good.  Very very sweet but good.  It was just my tastes, that they had similar ingredients, so it was a little too much of the same kind of sweetness.  But, it is a Greek restaurant, and those are the flavors that belong there. 
Overall, I enjoyed this meal so much more than I expected and will definitely return!!!!We always try to hit up this place whenever we're house sitting for my boss. It's a nice, homey place, with great service and yummy food.
We usually start off with the fire feta, which is great. I love feta and, with a little heat in there, it goes very well with pita bread.
I usually get the soutzoukaki, which is one of the best I've had. The lunch portion is a good size too.Great food, can't go wrong with the gyro (yeero). Interestingly they put fries in it. Service was superb. Will definitely be my go to spot for Greek food in Philly!Wellllllllllll I was really excited for some delicious Zorba's like the takeout place in Princeton. Sadly, nobody at Zorba's gave a sht because it was around 9:20 on Tuesday night, the sign said that they close at 10pm, there was 1 table with customers still eating, but they wouldn't let us sit down. How long does it take them to scrape some meat off a stick and put it in a pita? Do they have to go and kill the lamb, bake the bread, and then hand feed me piece by piece? I'm a slow eater, but even 30 minutes is more than enough time for me to down a pita. Hmm...won't be back to try again. Jerks.I only had the appetizers here, so I can't speak to the rest of the food. The complimentary bread here was delicious (light and fluffy) and we ordered the mussels + the plate of different hummus/dips with a generous side of pita bread. I found the sauce for the mussels a little too tomatoey, but the dips + pita bread were delicious! I would love to try their dish that they set on fire - the flames were at least 4 feet high and are quite startling! Will definitely stop by again sometime when I have more room in my stomach.
Don't forget it's BYOB! Would've made sure to bring a bottle of wine if I'd read the Yelp reviews ahead of time :)This place is great, prices are very reasonable, gyros super tasting, salad was fresh and tasty.  My kids claim the calamari was the best we had on our week long trip back east (and they were experts at this point) the Frappe - a cold coffee drink - is not to be missed, lunchtime - get the gyro pita sandwich thing its great, service can be a bit off but hey that can be the Greek way!Zorba's is a great neighborhood restaurant and we love it. For dinner, we usually go with family who are willing to foot the bill, not because the prices are unreasonable, but when you go to Zorba's for dinner, it pays to get a giant meal because the food is great. I usually go with the seafood pasta dish (I believe this is pictured) and my boyfriend is a fan of the gyro platter. The desserts are delicious (I like the honey cake) and the Greek coffee after dinner is thick and delicious when lightly sweetened. We have never had anything disagreeable here. The service could be faster, but it's always the same people there - I trust that they know what they're doing. I just assume that this is how it is done in Greek.
I was inspired to review Zorba's after we dropped in for lunch on Saturday afternoon. They have vegetarian sandwich options - I ordered the hummus & feta cheese sandwich. Much to my delight, there were FRENCH FRIES IN MY SANDWICH. My boyfriend pointed this out just as I took a bite and experienced the glory of french fries in my hummus pita. All up in it. Nummy nummy.
I love you, Zorba's.I am from NYC and grew up eating at Greek restaurants in Astoria, Queens.  I've had about as good as you get in the United States.  
If you've had authentic Greek food, skip this place, it'll make you angry.  Angry like I am. 
Some meals I have and they are bad and then there's the rare one which I find insulting.  Zorba's was garbage.  
I had the Zeus platter - their hot and cold dip platter.  They charge $22 for this.  There were three dishes brought out - the very small dish had a mix of 5 or 6 different dips, the large dish had mussels, octopus and fried calamari and the third was a small dish of pita - not enough to use to finish the small amount of dips provided meaning that you have to order more pita for extra money.  
The calamari was low end pub grade, the tzatziki was brought in, the octopus was drowned in oil and tough, the four tiny mussels were in a very sweet tomato sauce and the dips were just garbage.  Taramosalata is not supposed to taste like salty yogurt - there is supposed to be fish roe in that.  The other dips, forgettable.
My wife ordered a shrimp dish, again, drowned in oil, greasy and cooked till they were like rubber.  The rice and potato with her dish, greasy oily again, soggy mush.  The serving portion was that of a half plate, tiny.  That was $20.  
The service couldn't have given less of a $hit that we were there.  They even told us that they would need the table in two hours so make sure we were finished by then.  That's how we were greeted.  
Like I opened with, some meals are bad and some are just insulting.  Zorba's is officially the worst meal I've had in seven years living in Philadelphia.   Better off going to a diner.Simple and yet authentic. Love the pita bread sandwich which were heavy on taste and fairly light on pocket. They have an unconventional form of fries and the seasoning on top of that was yumm. I asked them for ketchup and they add a touch of humor with - it's too American for Greek. They got me a sauce which was not sweet but had a depth in flavors.
Good and friendly staff. I'd recommend going there after a visit to the ESP museum.A very intimate and delicious BYO; I am a huge fan of lamb and when I went I had the lamb meatballs which were absolutely delicious. The service was quick  but not pushy and everyone was very friendly. I will surely be going back!Food in Zorba's is huge in flavor, however exactly the opposite when it comes to portioning. After prancing around all over the city looking for food, the portioning really got me close to tears, I was starving to death. Oh well, the Octopus was done just right, lamb was juicy and the generous amount of pita bread soaked up my hunger I guess. The broth in the mussels was surprisingly delicious too! Nice outdoor seating, but since I like my food in big portions, I will probably not recommend this unless you want to do fancy snacking.So good. so reasonable. The grilled sampler for two was amazing. All of the meats were cooked to perfection. We loved this place. And its byo so the bill was really reasonable. We also got the eggplant dip for an appetizer and that was amazing. I totally want to go back and order the lamb shank. Too bad i was too full to eat any more on this trip :-)I can't say enough great things about this place! Amazingly delicious food, stuffed grape leaves, chicken & even octopus are so delicious & my favs!!! It's our go to girls night spot. I even had them cater my baby shower & they did a wonderful job, everyone loved the food~ great prices too!!!!! The service is just as good too-Very friendly! It's a must go to place!!!Great authentic Greek food! Service and food always 5 Star, very consistent you know what you're getting every time you go. I had a very large party of about 15 - 20 people and they were so accommodating!Freezing after a tour of the Penitentiary, we walked into the warm authentic Taverna, it did not disappoint. Grilled Octopus, Saganaki and Chicken Souvlaki lining our stomachs we left a lot warmer and happier. Highly recommended.They have amazing food at a reasonable price. Has to be the best place to get authentic Greek food. BYOB.  The service and atmosphere is great. It's been very lively and comfortable every time I've been there. I'd recommend this to anyone who likes Greek food or wants to try something new.Went for lunch on a beautiful day and sat at their outside tables.  Got the Spring salad and Oven Roasted Meatballs.   Both were delicious and flavorful and the service was fine. Yep, I'd go back.   We plan to go back for dinner during the summer.I usually hate Greek food, so it took me over a year to try Zorbas once I moved into Fairmount. What a mistake- the Greek food here is AMAZING! I go back and forth regarding which dish is my favorite, but the top 3 are the chicken platter, the lamb shank, and the eggplant platter. 
One piece of advice: order extra pita if you get an appetizer.Frankly, I expected better-much better.The best dish of our Tuesday night dinner was the eggplant app.We ordered the bbq sampler for dinner. Chicken,lamb chops,and some other nondescript meatwith beans and potatoes. It sat on a bed of arugula which was wilted.The chicken was overcooked and dry as a bone. The service was awful. Our waitress was very disinterested. 
 We went there because our cousin said it was worth the visit. Do yourself a favor and Go to Kannella Grill at 10th and Spruce.We will never visit Zorba's again.Absolutely delicious gyros and spicy feta appetizer- personable staff and cozy inside. We loved our lunch yesterday, and we will be back!!ahhfreakinmazing!!!!    The food is so good here I cant get over it.  I had the artichoke platter which was covered with feta cheese and some
other stuff and I am still thinking about it almost a week later.  I also tried the stuffed eggplant which is prepared almost like a twice baked potato and was amazing.  The service was decent and it was quiet in there because it was a tuesday night but I loved this place and cant wait to shove my face full of food there again soon.