Serving as the capital from 1933 until 1983, Abidjan is the biggest and most important city of Cote d'Ivoire. With a population of around 4,000,000 people, it is the second largest city in West Africa after Lagos and has historically been the economic power base of the region.
Following the death of long term president-for-life Felix Houphouët Boigny in 1993, the fortunes for Abidjan changed a great deal and successive coups d'etats in Cote d'Ivoire caused a massive exodus of the foreigners living there. Today, despite the current political issues in Cote d'Ivoire at large, Abidjan remains the economic and de facto capital of the country. Even after everything that's happened, it still boasts a large selection of restaurants, hotels, sites and other reasons to visit. For those travelling through West Africa, it is a must-see city with one of the liveliest night scenes to be found for 1,000 km.
Félix-Houphouët-Boigny International Airport (ABJ IATA Port Bouët Airport). (updated Nov 2019)
Abidjan is well-connected internationally with regular flights on:
Emirates from Dubai (via Accra, no change of aircraft)
Kenya Airways from Nairobi (also continues to Dakar on the same aircraft)
Ethiopian Airlines from Addis Ababa (continues to Newark on the same aircraft)
The easiest way to get a visa is to apply online. You'll get an answer in less than 48 hours. The process at the airport is fast and simple.
The roads to Abidjan are quite good despite their maintenance not being kept up as much as it should. Traffic lights all but disappear once outside of Abidjan though, so driving outside of the city can be challenging. Whether you're in a private car, taxi, or gbaka (the shared minibuses) you will be stopped at various official (and unofficial) checkpoints where they will delay you at the very least and try to shake down a bribe at the worst. Abidjan also serves as a terminus for long haul bus lines from Bamako, Mali, Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso, and Accra, Ghana.
If you are travelling from Nigeria, Ghana, Benin, Liberia and Togo, YSG Transport, Chisco Transport, Union Transport de Bouake (UTB Transport), and STC Transport are good recommendations.
Other travelers from Nigeria can get to Abidjan and nearby West African capitals through the weekly transport system of Ejigbo, Osun State, Nigeria, International Travel Buses. They have daily and weekly travel scheme of an uninterrupted borderless travels from Nigeria to Cote d'Ivoire. Some of the travel organizers include Bully Orelope, Atanda 'Agee" Rambo Transport (also known as IRT), Laba Transport, anc STC Transport. You can get to Ejigbo, Osun State from all Lagos' inter-city bus terminus, and from Osogbo.
The only train connection to Abidjan is from Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso with stop-overs in Bouake and Bobo-Dioulasso as well as some smaller cities. While a possibly interesting ride that should take 36 hours, the schedule is quite unreliable and journeys are known to have taken a much longer time. There are about two weekly departures.  Abidjan Railway Station (Gare d'Abidjan) is situated in the central Le Plateau-district, next to Place De La Republique.
Abidjan is quite spread out so walking can take a lot of time and bicycle riding isn't the safest choice (except nearer the water in Zone Quatre). However, there are many options to get around via motor transport.
They have a taxi system that involves two types of car taxis. The first type that most visitors will encounter are the orange (or red-orange) ones. These are legally able to operate anywhere in the city and you will most likely be able to ride solo in them. They are also the most expensive. A ride from the airport will run most people (especially non-Africans who speak little French) about 5,000 CFA, even to districts that are just 3 km away. If you're willing to haggle a lot (the drivers will often complain that they have to pay a fee to pick up passengers there, which is a lie) you may be able to get it to CFA 3,500 or 2,500. A ride between two distant districts such as Zone Quatre and Plateau will be about CFA 2,000.
The other type of taxi is color-coded to operate in a specific neighbourhood, such as the green taxis you'll see in an area such as Koumassi and Treichville. Yellow taxis in Cocody municipal areas, Blue in Marcory, Yopougon and Abobo. These are significantly cheaper, but will most likely have to be shared and of course the distance they can travel is limited to a single neighbourhood.
Travel books often make allusion to some taxis having meters. If they do (and this is rare), they are never working and you always, always agree on the price prior to departure. According to Africa Travelogue, they can only be found at the Zone 4 (Industriel) areas, because of the High level of the Expat community of Europeans living in Zone 4.
Yango ride hailing app works in Abidjan.
There are several bus routes throughout the city. They are cheap and decently reliable, although they are often incredibly crowded due to insufficient numbers. Some of the bus stations can be overwhelming though, such as Adjame which, for those new to travel in West African cities will be a lot to handle. There is also the threat of pickpockets in these crowded areas.
In 2010, the Ivorian government relaxed import restrictions on small motorcycles. Prior to this, the number of motorcycles you would see on the street was negligible and there were absolutely none acting as taxis as it was illegal. Times are changing on this front, but be forewarned that going about Abidjan on the back of a moto is probably the number one way to die during travels, although it is cheap.
If you just need to cross the lagoon and can make use of one of the ferry routes, by all means take it. While the lagoon is polluted in some parts, it's still a wonderful ride and gazing at the Abidjan skyline from the water at sunset is delightful.
You can take a ferry from the  Blockhaus Ferry Terminal. It takes 15 minutes and costs only CFA 150 to get you to  Treichville Ferry Terminal. (updated Aug 2023)
A commuter railway system is under construction, the first section is expected to open in 2025.
View of the modernist St. Paul's Cathedral.
Exhibitions in the Museum of Civilizations.
Abidjan is sometimes referred to as the "Paris of West Africa". During the long and stable rule of the Ivory Coast's Godfather Félix Houphouët-Boigny the city of Abidjan has flourished. However, the political instability and the civil war of the past decade have taken their toll on the city. Neglect, low maintenance of buildings and public space and the mass exodus of foreigners have given the city an atmosphere of "lost glory". Nowhere is this to be seen better than in the famous Hotel Ivoire. Entering it is like taking a trip to the 1960s; since its construction there have been no significant changes or modernisation to its interior and furniture. Too bad though that its massive swimming pool has weeds growing on the bottom instead of blue waters.
The public zoo is very nice. It really is a beautiful place with loads of interesting animals for just CFA 200, well worth this small sum.
Also don't forget a trip to Bassam, Abidjan's no. 1 beach.
St. Paul's Cathedral (Cathédrale Saint-Paul d'Abidjan). (updated Jul 2020)
National Library of Côte d'Ivoire (Bibliothèque Nationale de Côte d'Ivoire), Boulevard Carde. (updated Dec 2020)
Banco National Park (Parc national du Banco). A 30 km² national park just north of Abidjan featuring many tropical rare woods (mahogany, avodirés, waffle wood and more). There are several walking paths and popular for trekking. CFA 5000 for foreigners. (updated Aug 2023)
Museum of Civilizations in Côte d'Ivoire (Musée des Civilisations de Côte d'Ivoire), 32 Boulevard Carde, ☏ +225 20 222056. The national museum of Côte d'Ivoire, first opened in 1942. Contains substantial archaeological and ethological collections, making it one of the most important museums in the region. CFA 2000 for foreign adults, CFA 1000 foreign students. (updated Aug 2023)
Adama-Toungara Museum of Contemporary Cultures (Musée des cultures contemporaines Adama-Toungara). (updated Jun 2022)
Cocody Municipal Museum of Contemporary Art. (updated Jul 2020)
Beach in the upmarket Cocody district.
There are many places to eat Ivorian food, most of them on the sidewalk or on a small road side terrace. Make sure that you ask about the price before you sit down, in order to avoid lengthy discussions about the price when they try to overcharge you after the meal. The staple foods in the Ivory Coast are rice, cassava, yam and bread. Bread is usually eaten at breakfast or as a supplement to the meal. The cassava (manioc) can be eaten cooked whole, as a mash called plakali, mixed with banana (foutou) or fermented then grated (atchèkè). Fish is usually the cheapest meal. European cuisine can be found in the wealthier neighbourhoods such as Plateau, Cocody, Deux Plateaux and Zone 4.
Restaurant des Combattants (across the street from the French Embassy), ☏ +225 20 224742. Situated in a large colonial villa in the Plateau district, this popular restaurant features traditional African cuisine.
Chez Georges Hollywood, rue du commerce, plateau, ☏ +225 20 32 19 84. Su-F 11:30-22:30, Sa 18:30-22:30. French and Italian dishes at French prices in a formal setting. Free Wi-Fi. (updated Sep 2015)
Saarkan, Avenue Chardy face à l'AIP, à la descente de Radio Nostalgie Plateau (on Plateau, near the highway on the eastern side of the peninsula.), ☏ +225 20 32 13 58. M-Th 11:30-15:00 and 18:00-23:00, Sa 18:00-23:00. The restaurant serves Ivorien food with a modern feel. There is a full bar. The menu includes an inexpensive, light vegetarian dish of tofu in peanut sauce with rice and spinach. Delivery is available through Hellofood, where the menu is also listed. CFA 6000-12 000. (updated Mar 2016)
The number one place to go out at night in Abidjan is Princess Road in Yopougon. There are many bars to just relax and drink and also loads of dancing with live music or deejays. Don't forget to order some fried spicy chicken; they prepare it for you right on the street!
Bidul Bar, Havana Club and others are in Zone 4 (Zone Quatre). If you do go, be aware of prostitutes that will want to talk to you. Other places are in Treicheville and Cocody but you should have private transportation or a cab. Note the recommended security precautions in the "Stay safe" section of this article.
Hotel Novotel Abidjan, 10 Avenue du General de Gaulle, ☏ +225 20 31 80 00. (updated Dec 2016)
Hôtel Tiama, Boulevard de la République, ☏ +225 20 313333. The best hotel by far in Abidjan, located in Plateau district next to Standard Chartered Bank. (updated Dec 2016)
Pullman Abidjan, Rue Abdoulaye Fadiga, ☏ +225 20 302020. Upscale waterfront hotel. (updated Dec 2016)
Sofitel Abidjan Hôtel Ivoire, Boulevard Hassan II 08. (updated Dec 2016)
Heden Golf Hotel, Bd de France – Riviera Golf, Cocody, ☏ +225-22437400, hedengolfhotel@iroko.ci. (updated Dec 2016)
There are a number of issues that plague Abidjan, which are indicative of the overall problems that Cote d'Ivoire is experiencing. First and foremost are the military checkpoints. While generally harmless for foreigners, they can make it maddening to get across the city in a timely fashion, especially if one is in a private car. Bribes are commonplace, but not an absolute. Carrying small bills is always a good idea. Otherwise, just agreeing with the officer bothering you is the best course of action. If you're respectful, they'll usually let you be, unless you are French, in which case you will be hassled a good deal more due to the Ivorians having heavy disdain for French involvement in their country.
Also if in a private car, you'll notice that most people roll through red lights late at night. While illegal, there have been incidents of carjackings when people are stopped, so heed this warning as you see best.
Something else to keep in mind is that Cote d'Ivoire literally shuts down at midnight until 05:00. As a remnant of a curfew imposed during the last civil war, they barricade all the main points of entry and exit to all the towns. If you find yourself on the wrong side of that barricade when it is closed (such as staying in Bassam, but partying in Abidjan) you will absolutely not be let through until 05:00.
Pickpockets are a problem in crowded places much like anywhere else in the world. Keep track of your personal items and make sure your bags are well closed when passing through busy bus stations or markets.
While the most lively of neighborhoods, places such as Koumassi, Treichville, and Yopougon are probably best avoided unless going there with a local. Yopougon is undoubtedly the safest with the most impressive assortment of street food, but there can also be young, drunken men in these areas who can be looking for trouble. That said, if you're not starting the trouble and try to defuse the situation, you'll probably not have any issues as people in Abidjan are used to an international crowd in their city.
Women should not go out unaccompanied at night. During the day, you'll have no problems. Ivorian society is most definitely patriarchal, but at the same time, the men are respectful of international women and at times maybe a bit too respectful, giving you a lot more attention than you'd like. If you receive unwanted advances, just do as the local girls do and firmly tell them you're not interested. They'll eventually get the point or move on to other women to "charm".
United Kingdom, Ambassade de Grande-Bretagne, Cocody Quartier Ambassades, Impasse du Belier, Rue A 58, 01 BP 2581, Abidjan 01, Abidjan 01 BP 2581, Cote d’Ivoire, ☏ +225 2244 2669, fax: +225 2248 9548, British.Embassy.Abidjan@fco.gov.uk.
United States, 01 B.P. 1712, ☏ +225 22 49 40 00, fax: +225 22 49 43 23, consularabidja@state.gov.
Abengourou - A small town three hours north where you can have an audience with the king of Indénié Kingdom.
Bouaké- The second largest city of Côte d'Ivoire located in the dead center of the country with a lively market and night scene.
Grand-Bassam - About 45 minutes to the east and the original capital of the country with old Colonial architecture that is being restored and an excellent beach.
Jacqueville - A small, relaxing beach town that sits about an hour from Abidjan with a short, 450-m ferry across the lagoon.
San Pedro - An old town about six hours west of Abidjan with nice beaches which serves as a secondary port city for the country.
This city travel guide to Abidjan is a usable article. It has information on how to get there and on restaurants and hotels. An adventurous person could use this article, but please feel free to improve it by editing the page.