Agartala is the capital city of Tripura, and is the second-largest city in North-Eastern India after Guwahati. It is on the banks of the Haora River, near the Bangladesh border, about 90 km (55 mi) east of Bangladesh's capital Dhaka. Agartala is being developed under the Smart Cities Mission, a flagship scheme of the Government of India, the third international internet gateway after Mumbai and Chennai.
Agartala is a city of 400,000 people (2011) on a plain along the Haora River, although the city also extends to the low-lying hills on its northern parts.
Agartala has a monsoon-influenced humid subtropical climate just short of being hot enough to qualify as a borderline tropical savanna/tropical monsoon climate. Large amounts of rain fall all year except during the dry "winter" or "cool" season. The city experiences long, hot and wet summers, lasting from April to October. Average temperatures are around 28 °C or  °F, fluctuating with rainfall. There is a short, mild winter from mid-November to early March, with mostly dry conditions and average temperatures around 18 °C (64 °F). The best time to visit is from September to February. Summers are long and extremely hot with much sunlight and warm days. Rain is very common in this season, and the city can be found flooded. The Haora River flows through the city and remains flooded with water during the time of monsoon.
You can get in to Agartala by plane, train and bus.
If coming via road from Bangladesh, the nearby Akhaura Land Port accepts eVisas. The Cumilla Land Port, further south, does not (July 2023). Exit of Bangladesh incurs a "Travel Tax" of 1000 taka.
Maharaja Bir Bikram Kishore Manikya Bahadur Airport (IXA IATA). Agartala can be reached by air from Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore, Ahmedabad, Chennai and many other cities of India via Kolkata or Guwahati. There are also direct flights from Aizawl in Mizoram. Airfare varies from ₹1,800-7,000.
To get into the city from the airport, there are infrequent buses, or you can take an auto (tuktuk). There's a counter outside at the pickup and dropoff area where you can buy a ticket for your auto journey at a guaranteed zone-based price, ranging from about ₹200-400 depending on the destination.
The Agartala Railway Station, opened in 2008, whose shape is clearly inspired by the Ujjayanta Palace
Agartala lies on the Sabroom-Lumding line, with daily trains south, to/from Sabroom, and north, as far as Silchar. Trains to/from further destinations occur less frequently, on alternate days, or even weekly.
The new Tripura Sundari Express links Delhi with Agartala once every week via Guwahati.
Agartala railway station is just over 5 km south of the city centre. Some regional trains also stop at  Jogendranagar railway station, which is closer to the city.
Agartala can be reached directly by bus from Guwahati, Shillong and Silchar. The Akhaura check post also connects Agartala to Dhaka. This route extends to Kolkata in West Bengal.
There's intermittent sumo service (shared SUV) direct from Aizawl in Mizoram, but it only runs when enough passengers have booked seats in advance, which doesn't happen every day. As of May 2023, the cost is ₹1300 per person (or you can "reserve" the whole car for ₹13,000). If starting from Aizawl, inquire at the sumo counter inside a convenience store just uphill from Temple Square. The ride is notoriously long and bumpy.
Public transport like buses along with cabs and taxis can be used to commute around the city.
Pedal Rickshaws are the principal mode of travel within the city limits. The fare may range from ₹5-25.
The battery-operated rickshaws which are locally called tomtom are very popular because they have the cheapest fares. Some cycle rickshaws have been converted to a battery-operated rickshaw. The drivers are genuine rickshaw drivers from backward classes.
Auto rickshaws plying on fixed routes are also available. Designated stops are at Motorstand, Nagarjala, Abhaynagar, Old RMS, etc. All you need to do to catch an "auto" (locally known as "Tempu" or "auto") is to stand on the route and be watchful. Auto rickshaws have an authorized sitting capacity of 3 persons, and passengers are comfortable squeezing in by little adjustment. Auto-rickshaws are available for travel to the airport also.
Government city buses ply throughout the city and its sub-urban areas. The fare ranges from ₹5 to ₹10, but the frequency is low. They ply on 7 routes covering the whole city.
For a day trip to Kamalasagar, Sipahijala, Udaipur, Neermahal etc. a cab can be hired from Battala syndicate.
Akhaura Checkpost. It handles the largest number of visitors to and from neighbouring Bangladesh.
Gedu Miar Maszid (in Shibnagar area). The main place of worship for the Muslims of Tripura, this imposing mosque bears testimony to the devotion and piety of a remarkable individual.
Jagannath Temple. Famous not only from the pilgrims point of view, this temple is also a remarkable architectural feat with its octagonal base and its impressive pradhakshin patha round the sanctum. The pillars are crowned by square and pyramidal cones.
Lakshmi Narayan Temple. The idol of Lord Krishna was installed by Krishnananda Sevayet of Laxmi Narayan temple in the 1970s. The temple is also registered under the Indian antiquity act, and dates back to the princely state era.
Maharaja Bir Bikram College. The last king of Tripura founded this in 1947.
Mariyam Nagar Catholic Church (Mariamnagar) (7 km east). A historical site, once been used by Portuguese settlers, amidst the lush green lap of nature.
Sukanta Academy (centre of town). It is a science museum. A small planetarium has also been set up within the complex to attract students, research scholars and scientist.
Temple of Fourteen Gods (Chaturdasha Temple) (Old Agartala). This temple was built in honour of 14 deities worshipped during Kharchi Puja.
Tripura Government Museum (inside Ujjayanta Palace.). Established in 1970, it preserves some rare images, epigraphs numismatic evidence which throws light on the glorious past of Tripura and some of the adjoining states.
Ujjayanta Palace. Built by Maharaja Radha Kishore Manikya during 1899-1901, this is a two-storied mansion, with mixed type of architecture with three high domes, the central one being 86 feet high. The magnificent tile floor, curved wooden ceiling and beautifully crafted doors are notable. The palace has huge Mughal style gardens, beautified by pools and gardens. Flood lighting and fountains have also added to its beauty. Until 2011 it housed the State Legislative Assembly of Tripura.
Venuban Vihar (at Kunjaban area in northern part). A Buddha Temple, it is one of the most attractive Buddhist destinations of Tripura.
1971 War Memorial, Dhaleswar. It is a war memorial dedicated to the Indian soldiers who died during the Bangladesh liberation war of 1971. (updated Aug 2019)
Pilak (100 km away). South Tripura archaeological site. Buddhist and Hindu sandstone sculptures discovered here can be seen at the Tripura Government Museum.
Kamalasagar (Kashba) (40 km away). An artificial lake popular for picknickers and location of a mela (fair or gathering) during the Navaratri Festival.
Nehru Park. Inaugurated in 2003, it is a happy hub for people of all ages looking to get away from the city.
Rabindra Kanan, Krishna Nagar (south of Raj Bhawan). A park with lush greenery and an abundance of flowers, home to children and young people looking for a peaceful getaway.
Cane and bamboo artwork is available.
Indian, Chinese, Continental food is available in any good restaurant in Agartala.And the local food of tiprasa people like gudok, chakhwi, wak (pork) mosdeng are very tasty and appreciated by the non-tribals and tourists. Prices are low compared to Indian metros and comparable in quality. Excellent street food available and the main street is a hub of activity during the evening where you can get anything from chai to particularly good popcorn.
Momos N More, Advisor Chowmuhani, Krishna Nagar, ☏ +91 381 230 3663. Fried rice, noodles and of course, momo dumplings. (updated Feb 2018)
Sherwoli Sweets: It is near ujjayanto palace. Mini Thali is awesome here.
Agartala is teeming with liquor shops where cheap brands are easily available. It is not permissible to drink openly on the roads or in public places.
A view of a city street on a rainy day in 2006
As Agartala is still a growing city, you will not find grand old hotels as in other cities, but there are many good hotels.
Executive Inn Hotel, Post Office Chowmohani, ☏ +91 381 - 2325047. It is a new hotel in the heart of Agartala. ₹900-2,700.
Hotel City Centre, 39, Hari Ganga Basak Rd, ☏ +91 381 238 5270. It is a three-star hotel in the heart of Agartala. ₹800-3000.
Ginger Hotel, Khejur Bagan, Airport Road, Barjala Mouja, ☏ +91 381 241 1333. A three-star hotel by the Tata group, it is one of the finest hotels of Agartala. It is also the nearest to the airport. Starts ₹1,300.
Radha International Hotel, Central Road, ☏ +91 381-238 4530. ₹600-2,700.
Rajarshi Badsha Hotel, Near Circuit House, ☏ +91 381-220 1034. ₹400-1,700.
Rajdhani Hotel, B.K. Road, ☏ +91 381-222 3387. ₹1200-1900.
Royal Guest House, Palace Compound, West Gate, ☏ +91 381-231 3781. ₹500-2000.
Welcome Palace Hotel, Hari Ganga Basak Road, ☏ +91 381-384 940. ₹700-3,500.
Domboor Lake and Raima valley — Domboor Lake has 48 islands surrounded by green forests and vegetation. Water sports are an attraction for travellers and for bird watchers. Raima valley is a scenic area with several decorative gardens
Gondacherra Wildlife Sanctuary — Forested area for various species of primates, tiger, etc. Surrounding bodies of water provide home to several species of birds and seasonal migratory birds
Jampui Hills — Sparsely populated area; once a site of orange plantations, now provides a leisurely and peaceful atmosphere of scenic views for travellers
Matabari — is the site for the extremely revered Tripureswari Mandir and festival
Melaghar — a small town approx. 50 km from Agartala, hosts several festivals during the year and is home to Neermahal (one of the few water palaces in India)
Pilak — an archaeological site where Buddhist and Hindu artifacts have been discovered
Sipahijala Wildlife Sanctuary — is a woodland area with an artificial lake and contains natural botanical and zoological gardens. There are enclosures for a wide variety of animals
Trishna Wildlife Sanctuary — has areas of virgin forest containing some rare vegetation. Indian Bison is an attraction as well as species of birds, deer, langur, reptiles and other animals
Unakoti — an historic and ancient Shaivite (Hindu sect) place of pilgrimage where one can view the many rock carvings and murals in an area of mountains and waterfalls. This place is awesome, but beware of the travel from Agartala to Unakoti. The roads are in very bad condition and taking a train from Agartala to Kumarghat and from there shared rickshaws for about ₹80-100 will take you to Unakoti. It is on the way from Kumarghat to Dharmanagar. This place is totally worth the fun
This city travel guide to Agartala is a usable article. It has information on how to get there and on restaurants and hotels. An adventurous person could use this article, but please feel free to improve it by editing the page.