Barcelona is a huge city with several district articles that contain information about specific sights, restaurants, and accommodation.
Barcelona is Spain's second largest city, with a population of nearly two million people, and the capital of Catalonia. A major port on the northeastern Mediterranean coast of Spain, Barcelona has a wide variety of attractions that bring in tourists from around the globe. The many faces of Barcelona include the medieval Old Town, and the unique street grid resulting from 19th-century urban planning. The city has long sandy beaches and green parks on the hills, pretty much side-by-side. It is also famous for a number of prominent buildings, of which the most-known are by the architect Antoni Gaudí, including his Sagrada Família, which became Barcelona's symbol to many.
Founded more than 2,000 years ago as the ancient Roman town Barcino, Barcelona is as historic as it is modern, with a constant flow of projects changing the face of the city and long-standing penchant for design and innovation. Thanks to the wealth of attractions, a very well-developed accommodation base, a lively nightlife and a robust transportation system, Barcelona has become one of Europe's, and pretty much the world's, most popular tourist destinations.
Ciutat Vella Barcelona's old town, including the medieval Barri Gòtic, La Rambla (Les Rambles), Raval, and El Born (also known as La Ribera)
Eixample Modernist quarter, central hub of the city, and the area to go to find Antoni Gaudí's work.
Gràcia Formerly an independent town, it joined the city in the 20th century. Narrow streets and a cosmopolitan and young atmosphere with not too many tourists
Sants-Montjuïc Plaça Espanya and Montjuïc have been the focus of several great fairs and exhibitions. They have left behind museums, monuments and festivals for travellers to explore.
Sant Martí More beaches along the coast, but generally fewer tourists and tourist attractions.
Inland Suburbs Mostly residential, but there are some sights if you want to explore. It includes Camp Nou, home of FC Barcelona; Tibidabo, the highest point in Barcelona; and more Gaudí architecture.
It rarely snows in Barcelona, but when it does it highlights the closeness of the mountain range at one end of the city to the seaside on the other
Average max. and min. temperatures in °C
Average max. and min. temperatures in °F
August is probably the busiest time for tourists in Barcelona. However, many shops and restaurants are closed from early-August to early September. During this time, you will find the most expensive hotel rates (outside of conference times such as the Mobile World Congress), and the city is devoid of locals, as the vast majority of residents go on vacation in August and leave the heat and humidity to the hordes of arriving tourists. This is also one of the highest periods of home break-ins, as criminals know that many places are unoccupied for an entire month.
While Barcelona has decent, albeit crowded beaches, the locals will be very appreciative if visitors do not consider Barcelona a beach resort and absolutely do not wear beachwear when visiting churches, restaurants, etc. If you only want a beach, and a good beach at that, head south to Costa Daurada, north to Costa Brava or out to sea for the Balearic Islands.
Barcelona can be visited off-season and despite the cold weather, is a lovely city even in the winter months of January and February, as long as the possibility of rain is low. Given the high humidity, 19–23 °C (66–73 °F) is considered comfortable weather, which is usually the temperature from May to June, and from late August to October. These are the best times to visit the city. Anything warmer than this can feel too hot, and the period from November to April is quite chilly and at times gloomy.
Toddler happiness is considered a public responsibility in Spain. In any public place, people around you will make every effort possible to make your toddler happy: whenever he or she looks bored or is crying, everyone does their best to entertain or to calm them. You will find a great list of things to do with children during your Barcelona visit.
Tourist office at Plaça de Catalunya, Plaça de Catalunya, 17-S (Metro: L1, L3. Bus: 9, 22, 28, 42, 47, 58, 66, 67, 68. Train: R4). 08:30-20:30. This is the main tourist office in the city. (updated Oct 2015)
Tourist office at Plaça de Sant Jaume, Ciutat, 2 Ajuntament de Barcelona (City Hall). M-F 08:30-20:30, Sa 09:00-21:00, Su and public holidays 09:00-14:00. (updated Dec 2017)
Tourist office at Estació de Sants, Plaça dels Països Catalans (Metro: L5,L3. Bus: 63,68). Daily 08:00-20:00. (updated Dec 2017)
Tourist office at Aeroport del Prat (Terminal 1 and 2.). Daily 09:00-21:00. (updated Dec 2017)
All tourist offices are closed on 1st January and 25th December. For a full list of tourist information points check the link above.
The department store El Corte Ingles publishes a free street map for tourists. You can pick a copy at the store, or at one of the many hotels in the city.
The Turisme de Barcelona site might be helpful.
Barcelona Card. This card gives free entry to more than 25 museums and other sites in Barcelona. For over 70 moresites it offers various kinds of discounts. It also includes a travel pass for public transport in Barcelona (for details see Hola BCN! card below). The card is available for purchase for periods of 2 to 5 days. If you don't plan to see lots of museums every day, then it may be cheaper to buy transport-only tickets (see below), and if you spend a lot of time in the largest museums, the Barcelona Art Passport may be better value. This card cannot be used on the cable cars or funiculars (except for Montjuïc). In general, if you plan to see only the famous highlights and don't visit museums, this card is not worth the hefty price or the hassle. Plenty of travel websites recommend and promote these kind of discount cards because they receive a commission. You should also remember that many museums offer free or discounted admission if you are over 65. From €27 for a Barcelona Card Express (2-day), up to € for a 5-day card (5% discount if bought online in advance); a version for children is available as well. (updated Mar 2024)
Artiticket Barcelona (Art Passport), ☏ +34 934 439 470, info@articketbcn.org. This is an Art Passport covering six of the main art museums. Namely; MACBA; Museu Picasso; CCCB; Fundació Antoni Tàpies; Fundació Joan Miró; Museu Nacional d’Art de Catalunya. It is valid for one year and comes in a passport style book. It does not include any public transport. €38. (updated Mar 2024)
Barcelona City Pass. a package that combines preferential skip the line tickets and use of the hop-on hop-off bus in Barcelona. This city pass package could save you money during your visit, only if you heavily use it. €+. (updated Mar 2024)
The Sagrada Família church by Antoni Gaudí is perhaps the most known landmark of Barcelona
Barcelona's official languages are Catalan and Spanish. About a half prefer to speak Catalan, a vast majority understands it, and virtually everyone knows Spanish. However, most signs are indicated only in Catalan because it is established by law as the first official language. Yet, Spanish is also widely used in public transport and other facilities. Regular announcements in the Metro are made only in Catalan, but unplanned disruptions are announced by an automated system in a wide variety of languages including Spanish, English, French, Arabic and Japanese. On the other hand, FGC announcements – either regular or disruptions – will be made only in Catalan, and disruption announcements on RENFE's network will usually be made only in Spanish. As in most other cities, any attempt by visitors to use the native languages is always appreciated. Most locals are bilingual in Catalan and Spanish, and instinctively address foreigners in Spanish. Catalan is a separate Romance language, not a dialect, and sounds closer to Italian, Portuguese and French in many ways. Avoid referring to Catalan as a dialect, which will offend Catalans.
You might find some locals answer in Catalan after being asked in Spanish, that's not because they are being rude but because they assume you are bilingual. In Catalonia, it's not uncommon to hear people code switching between different languages in the same conversation. In case you can't understand what they are saying, tell them you don't speak Catalan and politely ask them to repeat it in Spanish or English.
The main cause of Spanish and Catalan social bilingualism in modern Catalonia is a large scale immigration process from the rest of Spain, which occurred over the 20th century, as Catalonia started a significant industrialization which demanded an increased workforce from elsewhere. 60% of the people in Catalonia use Spanish as their first language, and 40% use Catalan. The issues regarding language, national identity, and politics are like politics anywhere.
In tourist areas, almost all shops and bars have some English speaking staff. People will generally make an effort to try to help you if you speak English. If you are a native English speaker, you will have few problems, as Barcelona hosts many tourists.
The main airport is  Barcelona El Prat (BCN IATA). Some low-cost carriers, notably Ryanair, use the airports of Girona (GRO IATA), nearly 100 km (62 mi) to the north, or Reus (REU IATA), around the same distance to the south, instead. Since Ryanair started operating at BCN, you should check carefully where your flight goes. The three-letter IATA code should be part of your booking process.
Main article: Barcelona El Prat Airport
Barcelona International Airport (BCN IATA), also known as El Prat, is a major transport hub, with flights from all over Europe and beyond. To get to the city centre, there are different options. Both terminals have a metro station and the ticket machines before the turnstiles will sell you a Billet aeroport ticket to anywhere in the city by metro (only)for €. You can also reach Barcelona's city centre by train or by bus with a T-casual on a T-mobilitat contactless card. This costs € for 10 journeys on any Suburban Train (Rodalies), metro (not from the airport) , tram, or bus in the metropolitan area of Barcelona, and cannot be shared by more than one person. It is also much cheaper than the Aerobus (€ for a single journey). The train leaves from Terminal 2, and there is a free shuttle from Terminal 1 to terminal 2. Trains run every 30 minutes until around midnight. If you arrive on a late flight, you can get into Barcelona using the N18 night bus, which stops at Plaça d'Espanya on its way to Plaça Catalunya. See the Public Transport section in Get Around below for more information on tickets & passes as there were major changes in 2023.
The Barcelona Bus service runs a shuttle bus from Estació del Nord (which is walking distance to the Arc de Triomf metro stop) in Barcelona to Girona Airport, synchronised with various flight times. A one-way ticket costs €16 and a return ticket costs €25. The journey takes approximately 1 hour 10 minutes. Timetables are available online. You can also take a train (you can choose between local Rodalies, Media Distancia and high speed AVE trains with different travel times and price points) to Girona main train station and a local bus from there to the airport.
The easiest way is to get there is to take the bus run by Hispano Igualadina from the Barcelona Sants bus station to the airport. Bus departures are synchronized with Ryanair plane departures/arrivals. One way ticket costs €13 and a return ticket costs €24. The journey takes from 1 hr 30 min to 1 hr 45 min, depending on the traffic on the motorway. Timetables are available onlinedead link. A slightly cheaper, yet longer option is to take a train from Barcelona Sants station to Reus and then the local bus no. 50 to the airport. The train costs € and then the bus costs €. This takes about 2½ hours. Train timetables can be checked at Renfe's website and the bus timetable is available at the website of Reus public transport.
Superfast trains will whiz you to Barcelona from across Spain and France
Barcelona is well-connected to the Spanish railway network, and to the rest of Europe. High-speed trains run frequently from main station  Barcelona Sants (in the southwest of the city) to Madrid, Seville and Malaga. There are also regular long-distance connections that partially use high-speed infrastructure to all major Spanish cities. The station is also served by many regional lines including R1 R2 R2SUD R2NORD R3 R4 R11
The historic  Estació de França now mostly serves regional trains.
Direct regular high-speed train service goes to destinations in France. In addition to two daily TGV services from Paris (travel time ~7 hr to Barcelona), there is a daily service from Lyon (5 hr), and a daily service from Marseille (4 hr). Prices start at €39, so even though the train could take longer than a flight, it is often a cheaper, more relaxed alternative and less climately harmful option.
The former Talgo trains from Montpellier to Barcelona and Cartagena via Portbou ceased to run when direct high speed services started. It is still possible to travel via Cerbère/Portbou using local trains, but it's cumbersome, painfully slow and timetable coordination at the border is awful; however it may be the only alternative if all TGVs are fully booked. Also, if booked in advance, TGV can be way cheaper than using these local trains. However, for travelers using Eurail and Interrail passes these local routes are a useful way to avoid the high additional reservation fees on the international TGVs, which can be almost as high as an advance-booked standalone ticket on some of the longer routes.
There is also a less-known rail line over the Pyrenees to Toulouse. There is roughly one train every 3 hours on the Spanish side and one every two or four on the French side, including a sleeper train from Paris (with a branch to Portbou which splits at Toulouse: check all timetables to see whether route is faster, it greatly depends on waiting times at the border). Purchasing tickets for this route can be tricky. The Spanish line is considered a commuter line despite being far away from Barcelona and does not appear in any global European timetable, so it is impossible to get an international CIV ticket, every portion must be purchased separately. Also, for southbound travel, the Latour-de-Carol station only sells SNCF tickets so the Spanish portion must be bought directly at the ticket inspector, cash only. The journey takes 7–8 hours (including transfer) and costs roughly €30.
The launch of the high-speed service spelled the end of the overnight sleeper-car service called Trenhotel between Barcelona and Paris. Trenhotels still do, however, run between Barcelona and Granada, A Coruña and Vigo.
The security checks are taken seriously and may take some time. Arrive in advance, and do not bring anything that could be interpreted as potential weapon as it may be destroyed (knife, tools…).
Barcelona is a popular port of call for cruise ships
The city's port is one of the busiest on the Mediterranean.
Large cruise ships dock 1–2 km (– mi) to the southwest. Many of them offer bus-shuttles to locations at the south end of La Rambla. The ferries dock almost directly on the Ramblas.
There are regular ferry connections with the Balearic Islands (Alcúdia, Ciutadella de Menorca, Ibiza City, Sant Antoni de Portmany, Mahón, Palma de Mallorca), Italy (Genoa, Porto Torres and Civitavecchia for Rome) and Tangier, in Morocco. From Rome (Civitavecchia) it is actually cheaper to take the ferry than a bus.
Some of the largest shipping companies includes Baleària, Grimaldi Lines and Trasmediterranea but there are several smaller companies as well.
All bus connections are at  Barcelona del Nord (Barcelona Nord, Estacion del Norte) station (☏ +34 902 260 606). This includes national (e.g. 18 buses per day from Madrid) and international routes.
Flixbus runs coach services between Barcelona Nord and London Victoria Coach Station, via Paris and Toulouse. They also connect to Amsterdam, Cologne, Brussels and many UK cities. They can be very cheap, but be prepared for a 24-26 hour coach ride from London! There is a small service fee. There may or may not be plug sockets or Wi-Fi on board. Flixbus recommend that you be at your departure point at least 30 minutes before departure time (except London Victoria where you are required to arrive 60 minutes before departure).
Several main roads connect Barcelona to France and to the rest of Spain. Traffic is usually relatively light outside of peak hours. Free parking spaces can be found a few metro stops from the center of the city.
Blue parking spaces are paid M-Sa 09:00-14:00 and 16:00-20:00. At some crossroads, the pay time starts at 08:00. Anyone can use a blue space, but they aren't that easy to find. You pay at the meter and put the ticket on the dashboard. Green parking spaces are for residents only. White parking spaces are free at all times, but there aren't any in the city centre.
City car parks are found throughout the city.
The public transport in the city and the surrounding area managed by Autoritat del Transport Metropolità (ATM) consortium who provide information about services by all operators. The whole area is covered by the Integrated Fare System, which is divided into 6 zones. This system includes the most of the public transport in the area: metro, city and intercity bus, tram and commuter trains. Like most major European cities Barcelona has moved to a rechargeable ticketing system called T-mobilitat..
The city limits of Barcelona are completely inside zone 1. The public transport in the city is mostly operated by Transports Metropolitans de Barcelona (TMB). They have a separate site dedicated for tourists. Other operators in Barcelona are Rodalies de Catalunya ; Ferrocarrils de la Generalitat de Catalunya(FGC) & Tram.
Barcelona's Metro system and some railway lines.
T-mobilitat is a card or smartphone app that is the carrier of many of the contactless pass types below and can allow you to travel throughout the Barcelona metropolitan area.
There are three physical types.
Personal reloadable plastic card costing € that has to be registered. It is mainly aimed at local residents but people staying for an extended period may find it useful as it supports all pass types. If lost, it is possible to block the card and recover the passes on the card.
Anonymous reloadable cardboard cards which cost € and can only support one pass at a time. They can support T-casual, T-familier or T-grup passes. T-usual passes are also available on this type of card but can only be reloaded with T-usual passes. This is low cost option aimed at less frequent users like tourists.
NFC Smartphone app has a € registration fee. Supports all ticket types (but do you want to pull your phone out every time you want to validate a pass?)
Single ticket. A non-integrated ticket is valid only for single mode of transport of a specific operator: either bus, metro or funicular, etc. On buses you can use a contactless bank card without a physical ticket for one journey. €. (updated Mar 2024)
Billet aeroport Non-itegrated ticket for use on the metro between any point on the metro system and the airport. There are other tickets that can be used on metro line 9 at the airport, see below. €.
Hola BCN! cards by TMB. For unlimited number of journeys for 2, 3, 4 or 5 days. They are valid for TMB metro and bus, tram, FGC and regional trains in the city and metropolitan area. You will find the T-casual and its sister passes better value. They are one of the passes valid on airport metro L9. not T-Mobilitat. 2-day card €. (updated Mar 2024)
Integrated for a fixed number of journeys. Unfortunately these passes are not valid for travel to/from the airport by metro L9, but they are valid to/from the airport on the bus and train. All use T-mobilitat.
T-casual. This pass is for a single-person for 10 single journeys. During each journey it's possible to make up to three transfers. The whole duration of a journey must be no more than 1hr 15min and within zone 1. The T-casual is the good option for tourists. It's more convenient than buying single tickets and better value than the single tickets for more than 4 trips. It's far cheaper than the various discount cards with free transportation option. And finally, it doesn't bind one to specific routes like the hop-on-hop-off buses. T-casual for Zone 1 €.
T-familier. Multi-person pass valid for 8 journeys, valid for 30 days. To correctly share this pass, the number of validations must match the number of people traveling together. T-familier for 1 zone €
T-grup. Multi-person pass for 70 journeys, valid for 30 days. To correctly share this pass, the number of validations must match the number of people traveling together. T-grup for zone 1 €
Integrated for an unlimited number of journeys for a number of days. These passes are valid for travel from the Airport on the Metro L9.
T-dia Single-person pass with an unlimited number of integrated journeys for 24 hours. Only one round trip to/from the airport on the metro L9 is allowed. T-dia for zone 1 €. (not issued on T-mobilitat)
T-usual Non-transferable single-person pass with an unlimited number of journeys on any means of transport within the integrated system, for 30 consecutive days as of the first use, for the number of zones purchased. You must enter your passport or identity card number when purchasing these passes and you must carry the identity document when using the pass. T-usual for zone 1 € (discounted price during 2024). If loaded onto a cardboard T-mobilitat card, only T-usual cards can be reloaded onto the card. This pass is valid for travel to/from the airport on metro L9.
During 2024 some T-usual cards are discounted so may be worth considering for shorter stays.
An operator independent travel planner is available on the Barcelona Government website. There is a tendancy for operators to emphasise thir own services on their maps.
The Metro (subway) is an efficient way of getting around town. Operation times are 05:00–24:00 (M–Th), 05:00–02:00 (F), and continuous service from Saturday at 05:00 until Sunday at midnight. Stations are marked on most maps; every station has a detailed map of exits to the city. Trains are fast, often coming in two minute intervals. However, on holidays and weekends trains only run every 6-8 minutes and can get easily packed. Announcements are made only in Catalan, though signs and ticketing machines generally include Spanish and English too.
The T-10 (1 zone) is the discontinued paper ticket. Partially replaced by T-casual
Pay attention to the fact that to get from metro lines operated by TMB ( L1 , L2 , L3 , L4 , L5 , L9 / L10 and L11 ) to the ones operated by FGC ( L6 , L7 and L8 ), or vice versa, you need to exit and then enter through a new pay-gate. In this case, if you had a one-journey ticket, you need to get a new one. If you used a multiple journey ticket you won't be charged for a second time when changing lines as long as you are within the stated travel time for a single journey. Also, you can't repeat operator, so you can't use a FGC ride to make a shortcut. For instance: changing to L9S to L1 via L8 using Fira and Espanya will charge you with two journeys, you should go via Torrassa instead although its way longer. All trains are air-conditioned, however metro stations themselves are not, so beware because the stations can become very hot during summer months.
Take also care when travelling to the airport: while the T-casual is valid for R2NORD Renfe services (or buses), it is not accepted for the Metro. If you get to the airport by metro using a T-casual, you'll be forced to pay the full fare, which is €, and the ticket you've used will not be refunded.
There are two main sets of tram lines, Trambaix T1 T2 T3 towards the North West of the city and Trambesòs T4 T5 T6 towards the East of the city near the coast. There are interchange points with other modes of transport. These lines are run by Tram and all lines are in zone 1.
There is one other tramway run by TMB but is not part of the integrated ticketing system: Tramvia Blau. This is a historic tram that connects to the Tibidabo Funecular. Unfortunately in 2024 it is closed for maintenance with bus 196 available as a replacement.
Regional suburban trains run through Barcelona and share ticketing with the modes of transport above. There are two operators: RENFE and FGC. Wrongly ignored by some tourists, they provide a useful additional mode of transport for getting across the city or connecting with mainline rail services and the airport.
The trains run by RENFE share tracks with mainline trains and are called Rodalies (known in the rest of Spain as Cercanías). They operate lines R1 R2SUD R2 R2NORD R3 R4 R7 R8 . NOTE that the Rodalies system map shows fare zones that do not coincide with the integrated transport zones but the integrated fare zone1 is shown in green background with the addition of the airport on R2SUD .
The trains run by FGC are S1 S2 S3 S4 S8 S9 and some are confusingly prefixed with an R R5 R50 R6 R60 . In addition FGC operates L6 L7 L8 but these are considered to be part of the Barcelona metro.
Watch out, it is possible to travel beyond integrated fare Zone 1 on both systems. There is a good map on the FGC website showing all rail lines and the boundary of Zone 1.
The bus network in Barcelona is pretty extensive. Perhaps the best option in planning your route is to consult with one of the route planners mentioned above.
A major reorganisation of bus lines was completed in November 2018, so disregard old bus schedules and recheck routes. For example, bus line 92 to Park Güell, used by many tourists to get there after a visit to the Sagrada Familia, has been suspended, and a new line V15 stops there but takes a different route through the city centre (Passeig de Sant Joan).
Here are some tips for bus line codes:
Hxx lines run parallel to the coastline, low numbers run on the high side, high numbers on the sea side.
Vxx lines run from the beach to the hills, high numbers on the northern side (Besòs), low numbers on the southern (Llobregat).
Dxx lines run in a somewhat diagonal path, although interestingly none of these cover neither Diagonal or Meridiana avenues, the main oblique streets.
Mxx lines are found at the outer perimeter of metro coverage and link a metro stop to a neighbourhood lacking metro service.
Bxx lines run on the northern area outside Barcelona or linking Barcelona to neighbouring municipalities in the metropolitan area, B stands for Besòs river.
Lxx lines run on the southern area alike Bxx lines, L stands for Llobregat river.
Some municipalities have lines fully inside the town limits with two letters and a digit, theses two letters are reminiscent of the town name, such as BDx for Badalona and LHx for L'Hospitalet
Nxx lines run only at night when all other lines do not run, roughly from 23:00 to 6:00.
Cxx lines link Barcelona the various northern coastal Maresme towns up to Mataró.
Exx lines are express buses from Barcelona to various municipalities 10–60 km (– mi) outside of the metropolitan area.
Lines with one or two digits without any letter follow historical routes from before the H-V-D schema.
Lines between 100 and 199 are usually very local lines served with low-capacity cars and poor frequency, 30 min or worse. Notable cases are line 111 to the Tibidabo amusement park, line 120 through Ciutat Vella, and line 150 to Olympic venues and the Montjuïc castle; others are mostly useless for tourists.
Line numbers from 200 upwards are used for some routes going outside the metropolitan area, while some others of the same kind have no number at all.
Buses H-V-D run about every 6–12 min weekdays, 15–20 min weekends.
Nitbus (N) run every 20 min all night. Information is available from AMB All Nitbuses (except N0 & N19) start or pass through Pl Catalunya
Take note that some lines have special fare restrictions: Barcelona cards (unlimited travel for 2 to 5 days) are valid only on Hxx, Vxx, Dxx and line numbers below 200. Fare 1 travelcards are not valid for Cxx, Exx and line numbers above 200 – actually, trips fully inside fare zone 1 are not permitted on these lines no matter what ticket is used. If you board any of these buses inside fare zone 1 you won't be able to get off until reaching another fare zone.
Barcelona Bus Turístic. This bus has three routes (map provided as you board), including a northbound and a southbound line that leave from opposite sides of the Plaça de Catalunya. Each takes 1–2 hours. The hop-on/hop-off format lets you get-off at any interesting stop, see what interests you, then get back on any later bus at that or any other stop. One approach is stay on for an entire route, then continue while getting off at locations that interested you earlier. Buses are double-decked, with the open-air upper deck offering much better views – but sunscreen is essential in summer months, jackets in winter, early spring and late autumn. Earphones are offered when you first get on so you can hear the commentary as you drive by significant locations. Outlets near every seat let you choose among many languages and playback volumes. The buses are very frequent. For a cheaper option with more flexibility in routes opt for the metro and the T-casual. Adult prices: 1 day ticket €33, 2 days €44; tickets can be bought at the bus stops, some hotels, etc. or online with 10% discount. (updated Mar 2024)
Except for deliveries, electric scooters are forbidden on sidewalks and all pedestrian walks throughout Barcelona. Doing so may subject one to hefty fines, as well as frequent, audible disdain from pedestrians. Electric scooters are permitted in bicycle lanes, and may share the road with automobiles.
Mattia46 scooters for rent: 50cc to 200cc.
GoCar is a two-seater, 3 wheeled vehicle that runs with a 49cc engine. It is legally classified as a scooter to drive on the roads. The GoCars were created with the purpose of being rented to tourists as a different way to see a city.
Cooltra Motos Scooter rental. You can rent a moped for 1 day up to 1 month. You can also take a part in private or group tours.
BookYourMoto Scooter and motorcycle rental in Barcelona. Cheap motorbike hire in Barcelona.
Barcelona also has its own shared bike system, called BiCiNg. However, this appears to be only accessible for locals.
Donkey Republic. The orange bikes of Donkey Republic are placed all around the city. Tourists can rent and unlock the bikes via the company's app 24 hours a day, which can lock and unlock the bike without internet connection (by Bluetooth?). Bikes start at €12 per day.
Orange Fox Bike Tours Barcelona. Bike rental in Barcelona. Best bike tours with live guides (7 languages) near the Arc de Triomphe, Orangefox has different types of bikes and scooters. Bikes start at 5 € per hour.
Barcelona Segway Day, Rull 2 08002, ☏ +34 608 408 112. Visit Barrio Gotic and Barceloneta. from €29. (updated May 2015)
Barcelona is a very walkable city. It takes little over an hour to walk from Port Vell at the seaside to Park Güell at the foothills of the mountain range at the northeastern end of the city, and you can see a range of attractions, including La Rambla and Sagrada Família, on your way. There are opportunities all around to sit down and enjoy a drink or a meal everywhere. If you are fit, you can pretty much explore the city by foot alone, unless the heat beats you in the warmer months (and then you can always resort to the air-conditioned metro).
Parking around all major tourist destinations is expensive (€3/hour, €20-36/day) and the spaces are difficult to navigate, as there are several classes of public parking spaces, with complicated rules for each class. Barcelona is plagued with the same problems that plague other major European cities; massive traffic jams and extremely narrow streets in some areas, coupled with a very complicated road system. As such, driving yourself around is not recommended for tourists, especially those with no driving experience in large cities. Public transport will get you to all the major areas, and you should use that as your main mode of transport.
Having a driving map is essential - plan your route before you set off. Navigating with an average tourist map is frequently misleading: many streets are one-way; left turns are more rare than rights (and are unpredictable). As an example, Gran via de Les Corts Catalanes is actually a one-way northbound street between Espanya and Marina, the opposite direction is reserved for buses and taxis only.
Some free parking spots reported by travelers are:
Near Moll de Sant Bertran (which is south-west from Museu Maritim) - driving at B–10, exit to WTC and make a complete round at roundabout, heading to warehouses - and park next to its employees cars.
Near Font Màgica, in Plaça Espanya and the Montjuïc hill.
Getting around by car makes sense if you plan to spend much more time driving outside the city borders than inside it - and ideally if you don't plan to park overnight at all. Otherwise, for purely in-city transportation, consider renting a scooter, or using public transportation instead.
As of January 2019, ride-sharing services such as Uber require at least one hour's notice. For less than one hour's notice, you need to call a regular taxi.
Individual listings can be found in Barcelona's district articles
What to see in the dark
The most spectacular sights in the night are:
Musical fountains, in Plaça d'Espanya. May-Oct: Th-Su 20:30. Each session lasts 30 minutes, with the last one starting at 23:00.
Torre Agbar office tower, highlighted F-Su 19:00-23:00.
La Pedrera (Casa Milà)
Walk around the winding streets and hidden squares, fountains and palaces in the Barri Gòtic (Ciutat Vella). Highlights include the  Catedral , the  Museu d'Història de Barcelona (formerly known as the Museu d'Història de la Ciutat), and  Plaça Reial .
Gaudí's Parc Güell in Barcelona
Since 1984 seven buildings by the architect Antoni Gaudí (1852–1926) in or near Barcelona have been listed as "Works of Antoni Gaudí" on the UNESCO World Heritage List: the basilica of  Sagrada Família ,  Casa Milà (La Pedrera) and  Casa Batlló in Eixample,  Palau Güell in Ciutat Vella,  Parc Güell and  Casa Vicens in Gràcia, the  crypt of the Church in Colònia Güell.
Hospital de Sant Pau by Lluís Domènech i Montaner
The works by the Catalan art nouveau architect Lluís Domènech i Montaner listed on the UNESCO World Heritage List:  Palau de la Música Catalana in Ciutat Vella and  Hospital de Sant Pau at the border of Eixample.
The Ruta del Modernisme run by Modernisme Centre (Pl. de Catalunya, 17, subterráneo; phone +34 933 177 652) is a guidebook and discount voucher book that costs €12. It takes you to all the best Modernisme (art nouveau) buildings in Barcelona. The main part of the route can be walked in a couple of hours, if you don't stray too far from the main routes. The Tourist Offices offer a pack that includes discounted tickets to many attractions such as La Pedrera and La Casa Batlló. All can be seen from the outside for free.
Museum of Natural History in the Forum - Museu Blau
CosmoCaixa: Museum of Science Amazing museum for kids from 4-5 upwards. Adults will really enjoy it also.
Zoo and Parc de la Ciutadella.
Tibidabo Mountain amusement park, Plaça Tibidabo, 3-4, 08035 Barcelona (L), ☏ +34 932 117 942. Tibidabo is a popular attraction with stunning vistas, an historic amusement park, and the iconic Sagrat Cor church. Ticket prices vary. (updated Sep 2023)
View from Gaudi's Park Güell towards Barcelona's old town and seaside
Individual listings can be found in Barcelona's district articles
Hop aboard the Bus Turístic to see all the key sights without moving a muscle
Aeri del Port de Barcelona (Telefèric del Port), C/ Taquígrafo Garriga, 97 – Esc.B -2º9ª, ☏ +34 934 304 716, tebarsa@hotmail.com. Jun-Aug 11:00-20:00; Mar-May, Sep-Oct 11:00-19:00; Nov-Feb 11:00-17:30. Have a ride at Port Vell Aerial Tramway. Port Vell Aerial Tramway is the 1450-metre-long harbour aerial tramway with red cars connects Montjuïc and Barceloneta. It starts in Barceloneta on the top of the 78-metre-tall  Torre San Sebastian tower, which has also a restaurant at its top accessible by an elevator. It has an intermediate stop at  Torre Jaume I tower (close to Columbus monument), which can be reached by elevator from ground – 107 metre tall tower, the second-tallest aerial tramway support tower in the world. The final point of the line is Miramar on the slopes of Montjuïc hill. Overall, the whole system is quite old (built in 1929, albeit restored a couple of times), and the car is packed with tourists during the daytime – particularly sensitive for a stroller or a wheelchair. But if you start from the Montjuîc side, there are fewer people waiting. single €11, return €; it's not a part of Barcelona's integrated fare network. (updated Oct 2015)La Rambla, Barcelona's main boulevard
Stroll along the following famous streets in Ciutat Vella:
La Rambla (Las Ramblas), a gorgeous tree-lined pedestrian walkway, the busiest and most lively street of the city. Mostly occupied by tourists, expect to pay higher prices for food and drink. Avoid the groups of people supposedly betting on a game played on a cardboard table – they are thieves. Head off into some of the side streets for a cheaper, more local, and authentic experience of Barcelona. Often called Las Ramblas, because it is a series of several different streets each called 'Rambla de ____', the sections also have distinct feels. As you get closer to Plaça Catalunya, you find more street performers doing stunts. In the middle, you'll find street performers in costumes. Towards the pier, there are artists who will do pencil drawings, paintings, etc.
Plaça de Catalunya . Connecting all the major streets in the city, the Plaça is known for its fountains and statues, and the central location to everything in the city. A favourite meeting spot for locals.
Portal de l'Àngel . Large pedestrian walkway with many new and stylish shops in which to browse.
Cruise miles of beachfront boardwalk starting from Barceloneta, or get a tan on the beach. Eat good seafood and rice dishes at La Barceloneta neighbourhood
Sit on a wooden bridge to Maremagnum in Ciutat Vella and cool your toes at the water's edge with a book, sandwich, or just for a short rest.
Wander the Barri Gotic in Ciutat Vella, the largely intact medieval centre of the city and visit the Cathedral and its wonderful cloister.
Enjoy your Sangria at La Plaça Reial in Ciutat Vella, near La Rambla Street. Great place to sit, relax, and drink. (People from Barcelona do not drink sangria, it's just a tourist drink! But you can enjoy it anyway!)
Walk in El Born neighbourhood in Ciutat Vella, a former very popular area with great restaurants and places to have a few drinks. If your accommodation is on Rambla, El Born is a great place to enjoy a more relaxed atmosphere, and find more creative shops and craftsmen. El Born means jousting field, and its history and stories can fill one of those huge books stored in old libraries. There are interesting and quirky details to uncover while walking around, such as the name given to its streets, the medieval signs to brothels, and remnants of the secession war of the end of the 18th century. Indulge yourself at Hofman or Bubó bakeries and make sure you visit the Santa Maria del Mar church.
Visit a Flamenco Show in a real tablao. One of the best is Tablao de Carmen in Sants-Montjuïc. A cheaper alternative is in the jazzclub Jazz Si in Ciutat Vella. (Although Flamenco is mostly just a touristy activity, Catalan people are not into flamenco. It's a dance and music from Andalucía, the south-east region in Spain)
Cable car. Ride the Cable Way to get from the sea front to Montjuïc mountain in Sants-Montjuïc. €. (updated Dec 2022)
Sit and sip on a coffee in Plaça dels Àngels in Ciutat Vella, while admiring the whiteness of the MACBA and the best street skate tricks in town.
Catch a performance at the beautiful Teatre del Liceu or the Palau de la Musica Catalana, both in Ciutat Vella.
Rent a bike, or join a bike tour, and see the highlights of the city in a different way. Ride from the magic beaches of the Mediterranean to Gaudí's modernist buildings through the medieval atmosphere of the Gothic Quarter.
Sail 3 hours to see Barcelona from the sea.
Mail boats serve almost all populated in Barcelona, and are among the cheapest way, to reach many areas, though far from the fastest or most comfortable. The government has a mailboat schedule of routes online which may or may not reflect reality.
Sail on a classic yachtdead link. Enjoy a day trip sailing along the Barcelona coastline on a classic yacht.
Walk in Gracia neighbourhood, a very popular area with a great variety of restaurants, cafés and terraces where you can still feel the local ambiance that has already been lost in El Born.
For good views over Barcelona: visit Park Güell, Tibidabo, Montjuïc or Carmel's bunkers.
Artoba Tours, ☏ +34 656 855 866, toll-free: +1 888 538 7377, info@artobatours.com. City and day tours of Barcelona and Catalonia led by a professional archaeologist. €54–200 pp, depending on tour. (updated Feb 2020)
Spanish Civil War tours, info@spanishcivilwartours.com. Walking tour of Barcelona visiting key sites relating to the Spanish Civil War, covering themes such as Anarchism, the International Brigades, George Orwell and the realities of daily life and bombing during the war. €30 pp. (updated Feb 2024)
Football: the city has two professional soccer teams. Their local Derbi barceloní has political undertones, as FC Barcelona is associated with the Catalan independence movement, while Espanyol is seen as pro-Spanish unity and anti-Catalan independence. These clubs are active also in other sports, such as handball and basketball.
FC Barcelona are the famous club, known for their iconic and politically-charged El Clásico rivalry with Real Madrid, playing in La Liga the top tier at Camp Nou (capacity 99,000), 1 km west of Sants railway station. Nearest Metro is Palau Reial. Their women's team plays in Liga F, their top tier, at Johan Cruyff Stadium west edge of the city.
RCD Espanyol were relegated in 2023 so they play in Segunda División the second tier. Their RCDE Stadium (capacity 40,500) is at the western edge of the city. No metro, take a bus towards Ave del Baix Llobregat.
Circuit de Barcelona-Catalunya is a motor-racing circuit hosting Grand Prix / Formula One and other big events. It's in the northern suburb of Montmeló. The next F1 races are 21-23 June 2024.
Barcelona hosts a number of annual fiestas, many of which are unique to Catalonia and offer an insight into its distinctive culture.
Sónar. An annual three-day music festival. It is described officially as a festival of Advanced Music and Multimedia Art. Music is by far the main aspect of the festival. The festival runs for three days and nights, usually starting on a Thursday in the third week of June. There is a day location and a night location. €52 daypass, €76 night entry, €199 festival pass on internet booking, higher fees for entrance passes.
Monegros Desert Festival. The most famous and biggest one day/night electronic music festivals in Spain is in the desert of Fraga, 200 km (120 mi) from Barcelona. More than 40,000 people gather every July to celebrate electronic music with the best DJs representing styles from house, electro, minimal, techno, to drum&bass, dubstep, and hiphop. 20 hours non-stop, it is a unique desert experience.
Festes de la Mercè. Barcelona's main annual festival around 24 September, encompassing many events such as human towers (castellers), free live music events on the streets, firework displays, and processions of wooden giants. It is a holiday and the city offers a lot of activities to have fun. Enjoy a fountains and fireworks show at the base of the Montjuïc hill.
Festes de Gràcia. The Festes de Gracia is a Catalonian celebration, held around 15 August each year to commemorate the Assumption. During the week of festivities that mark one of Barcelona's most important fiestas, the city of Gracia explodes with fun, excitement, colour, and fireworks. Many streets are decorated by neighbours, and there is live music, food in the streets, and the parties continue all night.
Festes de Sants. Similar to Gracia's event, but smaller and later on in August. If you can't go to Gracia's event, try to go to this festival.
Sant Jordi. 23 April. Considered to be like Valentine's Day. People give roses and books around the streets. Traditionally, men give women roses and women give men books. It is one of the most popular and interesting celebrations in Catalonia. Casa de l'Ardiaca during Corpus
Corpus. Late in May (Corpus Christi day). An egg shell is placed over the jet of water coming out of various fountains such that the egg "magically dances" over the water. These fountains typically are beautifully decorated with flowers and are mostly at churches, most of which are located in the city centre: Cathedral's cloister, Santa Anna, Casa de l'Ardiaca, Museu Frederic Marés, and a dozen other fountains.
Fira de Santa Llúcia. From 2/3 December to 23 December, to commemorate Sta. Llúcia (13 December). During this time, in front of the Cathedral, Christmas objects are sold. Some places sell Christmas trees, but most of them sell elements for making the pessebres (Nativity scenes). These include small sculptures, wooden pieces, and moss used to simulate grass.:13 December is the feast day of Santa Llucia, patron saint of fashion designers and blind people, who gather at the Santa Llucia chapel in the cathedral to pay their respects.
Barcelona Jazz Festival. A brighter way to celebrate the colder Autumn days, the annual Jazz festival has been running for nearly 50 years now and runs roughly from the last week in October and all the way through November Tickets prices differ for each event.
Revetlla de Sant Joan. This is the midsummer solstice celebration. It is celebrated on 23 June every year and is signified by the fireworks (there are frequent and loud amateur fireworks all night long, which may make it hard to sleep) that are permanently on display during this time.
Fira de Barcelona. There are trade events all year round in Barcelona.
For those wishing to make a real attempt at learning the language, there are plenty of Catalan and Spanish language schools in Barcelona.
University of Barcelona, ☏ +34 934 035 478.
Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona, ☏ +34 93 581 13 25.
Pompeu Fabra University, ☏ +34 93 542 14 17.
Universitat Ramon Llull, ☏ +34 93 602 22 00.
Don Quijote. Spanish courses taught entirely in Spanish, even the beginner courses. (updated Apr 2024)
Linguaschools Barcelona. All year. Organizes Spanish courses for foreigners.
Enforex (in the Eixample neighbourhood). 09:00–19:00, starting with a level test each Monday at 08:00. Spanish courses: intensive or private. Minimum student age: 14 years.
Olé Languages Barcelona, Av Mistral 14-16 Local 6, ☏ +34 93 185 15 18.
Versión Original Barcelona, Gran Vía / Passeig de Gracia, ☏ +34 93 412 45 76.
FreeDa Language Space. Intensive Spanish and Catalan courses for foreigners.
Barcelona Escuela Mediterráneo, Carrer Santa Mónica 2, 08001 Barcelona. School that is specialised in teaching Spanish as a foreign language.
El Corte Inglés in Plaça de Catalunya is one of the few stores in the chain that is not an eyesore to look at – and provides a good view of the Plaça as well from its top-floor restaurant
Individual listings can be found in Barcelona's district articles
Most shops and shopping malls are closed on Sundays because of law restrictions. In Ciutat Vella you will find plenty of small fashion shops, souvenir shops and small supermarkets open on Sundays. The souvenir shopping scattered throughout the Barri Gotic and all along La Rambla are tourist traps, none of them sell Catalan or Spanish products but the typical array of Chinese general souvenirs, they should be avoided. Moreover on the Port Vell, right at the end of The Ramblas there is Maremagnum, a shopping mall that stays open all Sundays.
If you see people selling items on the street on a blanket, do not buy from them. The products are often of dubious origin and low quality, and are often the result of human trafficking.
Secondhand English books in Gràcia.
Design lovers head for Gràcia.
El Corte Inglés. Spanning several floors and several buildings, and in several locations around town, many in Eixample and Inland Suburbs and a couple also in Ciutat Vella. You can find anything and everything in this department store, from food to pneumatics. Tax return checks are made on a separate floor of the store. See review for the whole chain in the Spain article. La Boqueria
La Boqueria (Mercat Sant Josep). In Ciutat Vella. Large public market with a diverse range of goods and produce. Enjoy freshly squeezed organic fruit juices for € per cup. If you go near closing time (20:00) sellers will make you a special price (2 or 3 for €2). Closed Sundays.
Stamps are actually sold in 'Tabacs' or tobacconists. Once you know what they look like, you'll notice them on every block or so. To post your mail, you need to find one of the rare yellow letter boxes along the sidewalks.
Records For vinyl records, try the wonderful shop Discos Revolver at 13 Carrer dels Tallers.
Supermarkets are spread across the city. BonÀrea, Bonpreu and Condis are the most popular supermarket chains from Catalonia. Mercadona, Consum, and Dia are other popular chains from the rest of Spain. All of them are a cost-effective way to purchase grocery items. There are also organic/specialty supermarkets like Casa Ametller or Veritas which are pricier. Small corner stores are the most visible on city streets, but tend to mark up prices in exchange for convenience.
As with all cities which welcome large numbers of tourists, Barcelona's cuisine is inconsistent in quality, but there are plenty of restaurants serving excellent food at very reasonable prices, if you know where to look. The usual rules of thumb apply: to save money and get better food, look for places off the beaten track used by fellow travellers, and seek out cafés and restaurants which the locals frequent. In practice, this usually involves searching out eateries in residential districts away from the main sightseeing attractions. Avoid restaurants with touts outside, and have a basic understanding of the traditional foods served in restaurants, as well as the local drinks. One slightly crafty way of sussing a place's authenticity at a glance is to take note of how they spell a certain word: a menu board advertising tapas, written the Spanish/international way, is likely to be somewhere which primarily caters to tourists, whereas somewhere offering tapes, using Catalan spelling, is in all probability a venue frequented by locals.
Some districts to check out include Gràcia, which is a hub of quality, affordable Catalan cooking of both the traditional and more avant-garde varieties, and the Eixample, whose chic boulevards have upscale restaurants aplenty worthy of your splurge money. The fishing quarter of Barceloneta (in Ciutat Vella) is an example of a neighbourhood where it pays to be picky: closer to the gentrified seafront, a slew of mojito beach bar-style places serve up expensive tourist tapas; for the real thing, head into the backstreets, where many traditional bars are still tucked away. In all cases, be prepared to "promenade" in search of the most attractive-looking menu; that's what the locals do, after all.
The majority of restaurants and cafes are closed 16:00-20:00 for migdiada. If you failed to plan for that, here are some places you can eat during this period:
Set menus (menú del migdia / menú del día) Most restaurants (and some bars) offer a menú del migdia / menú del día (menu of the day), which usually means a three course meal (a first plate often a salad or rice-based or pasta-based dish, a second plate usually a meat or fish, and a drink; plus a dessert or coffee), 3 or 4 options for each course, for €12 to €20, depending on the restaurant. The portions may be quite generous, or rather small. During the week, some smart restaurants offer lunch specials from 14:00 to 16:00. The savvy traveller will try the hip places for a fraction of the price during the day.
If you're looking for a place where everyone can choose their own meal, ask for restaurants that serve platos combinados, which is the closest thing to an American/Northern European meal.
Smoking is not permitted inside bars and restaurants since 2011, but it's usually allowed in terraces.
You can get food from any part of the world in Barcelona, but make sure you try some Catalan food.
See Catalan cuisine section in the Catalonia article.
The selection of seafood is consistently great, although not a lot of it is local (this part of the Mediterranean is pretty well fished-out).
A treat to try that no travel guide mentions is waffles sold at street stands. They will tempt you with their mouth watering smell and taste.
Tapas restaurants are now all over the city (although tapas originated in Andalusia in the south of Spain). Each Spanish region has its native tapas; signature 'Catalonia' tapas is delicious. Some Catalans eat a more French-style three course meal (appetizer, main dish and dessert) and would more likely go for a pre-meal beer/vermouth and some snacks (olives, chips, etc.); others go for a meal entirely of tapas. This pre-meal snack is called 'fer el vermut' or 'making the vermouth'. As you travel to smaller towns in Catalonia outside of Barcelona, it is less likely that you will find tapas and more likely you'll see restaurants serving traditional Catalan food in three courses.
Beyond Catalan food, there is no shortage of durum or shawarma stands in Barcelona, offering tasty beef or chicken and salad in toasted flatbread for around €5. Gyros are delicious! You can also consider the Asian selection, with a lot of Chinese, Japanese and Indian restaurants. As with anywhere else, there are plenty of Italian restaurants, while Latin American offerings, particularly Argentine and Mexican, are well-represented too.
If you feel lost in the variety of food choices there are – Catalan, Basque, Spanish, and beyond – it may be helpful to do a food tour to quickly get oriented. Many independent tour operators run food and wine tours in the city.
Barcelona Eat Local Food Tours, Hurtado 28 Barcelona, 08022, ☏ +1 800 656 0713. A family-owned business that showcases the best of Catalan gastronomy in off-the-beaten districts of Barcelona. (updated Apr 2017)
Depending on where you are in the city, there may be restaurants galore, or none at all. The following areas tend to be restaurant "hubs", with a large variety of restaurants to choose from:
Barceloneta: A popular quarter for locals, where you can try fish based dishes, such as Paella (a name that may hide many different kinds of rice concoctions) or Arròs negre (Black Rice), that takes its colour because it is made using squid ink. Barceloneta is a very good place to eat tapas as well.
Sant Antoni is the new addition to the culinary scene in Barcelona where old and trendy cuisine mingle.
Eixample Esquerra (between Gran Via and Mallorca)
Barri Gòtic (especially for tapas)
"El Born" (next to Barri Gòtic)
Around Plaça Catalunya there are dozens of restaurants serving tapas. One should be careful with the tourist traps as the area is highly populated with tourists.
For budget eating you may choose "menú del migdia" in small bars on the Avinguda del Parallel for €9-11 per person. Be aware that sometimes the menu and the staff are only in Spanish.
The large cafes that line the Passeig de Gràcia and the Rambla Catalunya, just north of the Plaça Catalunya, offer a variety of acceptable tapas. This part of the town is quite touristy and a bit expensive.
This page uses the following price ranges for a typical meal for one, including soft drink:
In several supermarkets you can find a wide stall with a great selection of ready-to-eat dishes. You can get a two-course lunch for less than €5.
Individual listings can be found in Barcelona's district articles
Comer y no Bombas (Location is variable). Shares free vegan food.
Juice bars. More and more the city is being populated by bars that serve organic/vegan food and cold-pressed juices.
El Glop. Three locations, in Eixample and Gràcia. Excellent mid-range Catalan meals. Allow about €20 per person, although you could get out of there for half of that if you let the price dictate your choice of dishes.
Individual listings can be found in Barcelona's district articles
Try a "café con hielo" an espresso served with a glass of ice cubes on the side in any local 'cafeteria'. Cafes are found on each corner in Barcelona, and these days a conscious movement in favour of top quality coffee is changing the scene in the Catalan capital with a new trend in terms of coffee houses.
Chupitos are found in several locations throughout the city, including one in Barceloneta. Chupitos is Spanish for "shots" and offers hundreds of unique shots including the "Harry Potter" (a shot that sparks as cinnamon is sprinkled over it), and "Monica Lewinsky" (a variety of flaming shots) among others. As much a show as it is a place to get a drink, it's a fun night out.
The sail-shaped hotel W Barcelona is one of the city's newest landmarks
Barcelona offers a great range of accommodations, from cheap, decent apartments, hostels and guest-houses to five-star hotels. Every district has plentiful offerings, and thanks to the efficient public transportation you can stay comfortably in any of them, depending on your budget and preferences.
During festivals (see Festivals and events above), especially during Mobile World Congress, which is a major trade show at the Fira, accommodation in Barcelona and especially near the Fira is much more difficult to find and more expensive than usual.
Ciutat Vella offers a mix of luxury hotels and cheerful hostels within a dense urban environment. Staying there means being at the heart of Barcelona's nightlife - which is both lively and noisy.
Eixample and Gràcia and Sants-Montjuïc are calmer, but quite as dense, and popular due to closeness to attractions. You will find more mid-market properties there.
Sant Martí contains most of Barcelona's beaches and a string of very modern hotels along the Diagonal
The suburbs are not as far away as you may think thanks to the metro and local railway. Some hillside hotels offer great views, but may be far away from public transit though.
See the district articles for detailed listings of accommodation opportunities.
Barcelona has 5G from all Spanish carriers. Wi-Fi is widely available in public places and on transport.
Pickpocketing is the most pressing issue for visitors to Barcelona. Never keep your wallet, cash or important documents in trouser pockets or in bag pockets: a money belt is an easy and inexpensive way to prevent being robbed. You will almost certainly be scoped out several times during your trip if you're in a tourist area or clearly don't fit in as a local, and it only takes a single momentary slip-up to lose your possessions. As always, be alert in crowded places, such as public transport, train and bus stations, La Rambla and Raval. If you are in a crowd, beware of anyone suspiciously or with no intention deliberately coming close to you.
Pickpockets usually work with more than one people, with one person using all kinds of tricks to distract you as their accomplices take action. The following are a few common methods:
At certain tourist hotspots, there are people who will try to show you a 'magic trick'. This involves tying a piece of string around your finger. While you are distracted (and your arm is effectively disabled), your wallet is stolen.
A milky or unpleasant liquid might be thrown on you. Strangers will come out of nowhere to help you clean it up. If this happens, immediately walk away, you are being pickpocketed.
East Asian visitors are interrupted by touts, who will showcase their "martial arts" on you by kicking your leg. While you are distracted, you will have been pickpocketed.
These people may also pose as a person looking for spare change, policemen who wishes to check your wallet for ID, or as tourists asking for directions.
Male travelers may be grabbed in the testicles by prostitutes or young female thieves. They will grab valuable possessions at the same time.
In the subway, a group of men will come out of seemingly nowhere while you attempt to enter a subway car and block your entrance and exit in a coordinated manner, effectively pinning you against the doors. They will act as if the car is just crowded and they are trying to get on as well, but, in reality, they have already gone through your pockets. They will quickly return to the platform just as the doors are closing, making you effectively trapped in the departing train. A more serious crime includes a person deliberately jamming the entry gate by inserting his subway card just as you are about to pass. His accomplice tries to 'help' you as the others are on your back snatching your items.
Under no circumstances should you leave your items unattended. While you are eating outside, a guy may babble near you asking for change with an unreadable poster in his hands and getting closer and closer to your smartphone until he eventually picks it up and passes it to a second guy that will run away with it. If you have a backpack or bag, don't place it on the ground without wrapping the loops around your leg or attaching it to the table using an S-Hook. Do not ask your friends to watch your luggage, thieves see ripe targets in people carrying too many bags, and will grab a carry-on bag and run.
If you need a police report to make an insurance claim for your stolen possessions, you can file a report online if you have no leads or witnesses. Police services generally expect you to provide a valid serial number to substantiate a theft allegation for electronic devices.
People in Barcelona are often very friendly and love to practice their English, so don't be unfriendly. That said, you should be suspicious if someone approaches you in a touristy area speaking your language and asking you for help. This should put your guard up immediately. Do not be tempted to sign their petition, give them directions, or help them with their problem. You don't know anything about where you are, since you're a tourist, so you won't be able to help them in any case.
Professional scam artists exhibiting a high degree of coordination are active in many areas of the city. Be careful in tourist areas. A variety of methods are employed, including the No-change trick. A common scam involves fake cops who will show up ask to see your passport, then take your belongings at the first opportunity. The story varies, but they are almost certainly not real ones. When it happens, the best strategy is to just walk away instead of starting any sort of conversations with them. Another trick is that one seemingly confused person will ask you for directions, diverting your attention and then suddenly fake police will appear asking for your ID. This is a co-ordinated move to divert the attention and steal whatever is possible. If such incident happens, just walk away, without listening to any of their conversation. Stay alert, especially in busy tourist area near the Sants station and Plaça d'Espanya.
Another popular scam happens in the metro. A group of scammers (often middle-aged women) will take advantage of the fuss while people are entering the metro and surround a tourist, frantically asking for directions. Most tourists won't know what to say while one of the scammers empties their pockets. They will try to confuse the tourist while the metro stays in the platform, and will get out just before the doors are closed. When you realize you've been scammed, the train will have already left and they will be safely outside with your belongings.
The bird excrement scam is also common. One or more accomplices will secretly spray or throw a smelly liquid on you. When you look up thinking a passing bird has pooped on you, they will run up to you and tell you that they saw a bird poop on you. They will offer to help you clean up, and while you are cleaning they will go through your pockets and any bags you have set down. It is wise to beware of anyone who is attempting to touch a complete stranger.
A version of Three Card Monte is one of many common scams played on Les Rambles. There are also people holding petitions to install a wheelchair lift in locations with a lot of stairs. Once your signature is obtained they will then aggressively ask for a donation. Sometimes there can be crowds of children demanding money with hardly anyone else in the area, making it difficult to get away.
In 2019 there was a surge in violent crimes around Barcelona: in just the summer, there were almost as many violent deaths as there were for the whole previous year. While tourists are only occasionally targeted (and almost exclusively simple robberies), this should be not a going concern, many of these deaths are either drug-related or take place during drunken fights, so you are best advised to avoid such situations.
Local club FC Barcelona (also known as "Barça", a term used by locals to refer strictly to the club and not the city) is seen as a symbol of Catalan nationalism, and has a very heated and politically-charged rivalry with Real Madrid, which is seen as a symbol of the Spanish state and ruling establishment, and violent confrontations between the supporters of both clubs have been known to occur. Avoid wearing Real Madrid shirts while you're in Barcelona, especially on matchdays, as that could result in you being singled out for violence by local fans. On the other hand, wearing an Atlético Madrid (the other Madrid club) shirt might get you some stares and some harmless teasing, but certainly no violent reactions.
Furthermore, the local Derbi barceloní between FC Barcelona and Espanyol is also a politically-charged one, as FC Barcelona is traditionally supported by Catalan independence supporters, while Espanyol is traditionally supported by those who wish to remain part of Spain. If you hear Barça and Espanyol fans having an argument, be careful, as things can quickly escalate.
Barcelona offers ATMs in many locations. Many provide a wide range of services (withdrawals, transfers, mobile credit recharges, ticketing, etc.), and most accept ATM/debit/credit cards of various banks. Choose an ATM in a secure or highly-public space (e.g., in a bank lobby or airport terminal) to avoid machines modified by criminals to skim/video your card data or where you might be robbed after use. Ensure early in usage that the ATM supports a language you understand. For a full discussion of safe/effective charge/debit/ATM card usage and their cost trade-offs, They will charge you a usage fee on top of anything your bank charges you which should be declared on the screen before you proceed. see also Money.
Be very careful in the Barcelona Sants train station where thieves prey on new arrivals, even on the platforms. In general, try to stay away from suburban trains (cercanias in Spanish or rodalies in Catalan) late in the evening, as you may encounter young louts that disturb passengers, smoke, break windows and vandalize equipment. Don't rely too much on the railway security staff, as they prefer not to get involved, and by all means avoid messing with those troublemakers.
Women travelling alone should exercise caution while exploring the more isolated parts of Montjuïc. The city beaches, particularly the ones adjoining Barceloneta, have proven to be quite lucrative for bag snatchers. Anything that you would rather not lose is best left, locked, in your accommodation
Men traveling alone should expect the prostitutes on Les Rambles, St. Antoni, and Raval in the early hours to be very aggressive and in league with pickpockets and robbers.
Also, people need to be careful when leaving the bars of the Olympic Port late as there are many pickpockets around.
Be wary of wearing exposed jewelry such as gold chains and necklaces. People walking down a street may be attacked from behind by a snatch-and-run thief. Be especially careful of seedy looking men on bicycles, as snatch-and-run assaults can occur.
In the event of such a robbery, you will need to find the local police station to report the incident, especially if you are going to make a travel insurance claim. Don't expect any police action beyond the report, though, as these types of events are par for the course and arrests, even when made, almost never lead to prosecution due to a slow, antiquated, and overburdened legal system.
Parts of Barcelona are covered by closed circuit TV surveillance, but only the more popular spots.
Many Barcelona residents have the impression that there are too many tourists in Barcelona and that it has increased living costs, as landlords prefer to rent to tourists and not to locals to make more profit. Also, a lot of local shops have closed to make way for souvenir spots, so many locals feel they are being expelled from areas they have lived their whole life. In some areas, particularly the ones next to the beach where drunken tourists often stroll in swimming suits, there were anti-tourism demonstrations by locals, which had the backing of the Mayor of Barcelona. By October 2019, this movement had nearly disappeared.
Tourist drivers may attract special attention, such as Red light bag snatch or Flat tire scams
Besides being a particular pickpocket hot spot, there are plenty of fare evaders who will stick to you when crossing a fare barrier. Do not even attempt to block their way and let them pass, as many of them can be quite aggressive. Although stations are full of surveillance cameras, they are seldom used to either enforce fare payment or as a proof for filed assault charges, except in the most severe cases. Lack of staff in many stations and few ticket inspections effectively mean carte blanche for them. The fare evasion fine is just €50 if paid on spot, no matter how many times the culprit has previously been caught, and many fines remain unpaid because payment enforcement is legally cumbersome.
If you need to report a crime (for example, to claim on travel insurance), be prepared for the reality that in the downtown police station, officers generally do not speak English, even though the theft report form is in English, Spanish, and Catalan. The police station most often used to report theft is the one underneath Plaça Catalunya beside metro station, where they have some translators for common languages.
EU citizens can get free or reduced cost medical treatment on presentation of an EHIC card and passport.
Hospital Clinic I Provincial De Barcelona, C/ Villarroel 170 (Metro Stn Hospital Clinic (Line 5)), ☏ +34 932 275 400.
Angola, Carrer del Consell de Cent, 413-415 (08009), ☏ +34 93 245 02 73.
Argentina, Passeig de Gràcia, 11 (08007), ☏ +34 93 304 12 00.
Australia, Avinguda Diagonal, 433 Bis, Second Floor, Door 1 (08036), ☏ +34 93 362 3792, ausconbcn@gmail.com.
Austria, Carrer de Marià Cubí, 7 (08006), ☏ +34 93 368 60 03, barcelona@consuladodeaustria.com.
Bangladesh, Carrer de Londres, 35 (08029), ☏ +34 93 410 83 89.
Belgium, Gran Via de les Corts Catalanes, 680 (08010), ☏ +34 93 467 70 80, barcelona@diplobel.fed.be. (updated Aug 2020)
Belize, Avinguda Diagonal, 469 (08036), ☏ +34 93 430 30 44.
Benin, Carrer d'Aragó, 290 (08009), ☏ +34 93 467 70 36, consuladobenein@terra.es.
Bolivia, Carrer de Roger de Flor, 3 (08018), ☏ +34 93 322 65 12.
Brazil, Avinguda Diagonal, 468 (08006), ☏ +34 93 488 22 88.
Bulgaria, Passeig de Sant Joan, 73 (08009), ☏ +33 93 457 41 33.
Burkina Faso, Carrer de Muntaner, 261 (08021), ☏ +33 93 200 99 09.
Canada, Plaça Catalunya, 9 (08002), ☏ +34 93 412 72 36, bclna@internacional.gc.ca.
France, Ronda Universitat 22 bis - 4° (08007), ☏ +34 932 703 000, fax: +34 932 703 049, info@consulfrance-barcelone.org.
Georgia, Paseo de Gracia 7, 3º Derecha (08007), ☏ +34 938 36 33 07, barcelona.con@mfa.gov.ge.
Germany, Carrer de Marina, 16-18, 30a (08005), ☏ +34 93 292 10 00.
Greece, Carrer de Freixa, 6 (08021), ☏ +34 93 200 20 36, greciabarcelona@yahoo.gr.
Ireland, Gran Via Carlos III, 94 (08028), ☏ +34 93 491 50 21, fax: +34 93 490 09 86, cons.irl@webcat.es. M-F 10:00-13:00.
Italy, Carrer de Mallorca, 270 (08037), ☏ +34 807 50 58 83, segreteria.barcellona@esteri.it.
The Netherlands, Avenida Diagonal, 611 (08028), ☏ +34 91 353 75 00, fax: +34 91 353 75 75, info@hcbcn.net. (updated Nov 2018)
Norway (Honorary), Calle Diputación, 238-244, Ático 4ª, ☏ +34 932 184 983, fax: +34 932 380 327, info@norconsbcn.com. M-F 10:00-13:00.
Romania, Calle San Juan de la Salle 35 bis, ☏ +34 934 344 345, barcelona@mae.ro. (updated Dec 2021)
United Kingdom, 13 08036, Av. Diagonal, 477, 08036 Barcelona, ☏ +34 93 366 62003, fax: +34 93 366 6221, spain.consulate@fco.gov.uk. M-F 08:30-13:30.
Day trips from Barcelona include:
Canet de Mar - Is small enough to walk almost anywhere. See the historical centre, the churches and cathedral, and visit many architectural works of Lluís Domènech i Montaner. Canet is the smallest town in Catalonia with many historical and modernist buildings. It also has a lot of blue flag beaches, recognised at the European level for their quality.
Colònia Güell — is a tiny settlement famous for its modernist architecture. It is on the railway to Montserrat.
Costa Brava - The coast North of Barcelona has rocky cliffs and a mix of pebble beaches and sandy beaches.
Figueres- Home of the most impressive Salvador Dalí museum.
Girona - A quiet town with an ancient Jewish section, narrow streets, imposing walls and plenty of cafes. See directions to the north airport above.
Montseny - UNESCO Biosphere Reserve 40 km (25 mi) northeast of Barcelona. Go there by car or bus/train
Montserrat - Visit the monastery nestled high in the mountains to see the Black Madonna or hike to the peak to earn a fantastic view of the surroundings. 50 km (31 mi) from Barcelona.
Parc del Garraf - Large natural area southwest of Barcelona. Many hikes can be reached by train. Be sure to bring sun protection and plenty of water. (An eleven mile hike, with some decent elevation gain: Take train to Castelldefels station, head up to Castel de Castelldefels, follow trail about 5 miles to La Morella, where you can take in some great views. Trace your steps back half a mile, then continue southwest towards Playa Garraf. Playa Grarraf is right by the Garraf train station, allowing easy access back to Barcelona.)
Pyrenees - A mountain range around 150 km (93 mi) north from the city.
Sant Cugat del Valles - Has one of the most interesting Romanesque cloisters in Catalunya, with many interesting carvings. The town itself is full of expensive vilas.
Sitges - A traditional beachside destination for the locals. Full of fashion shops open on Sundays. Is a popular gay destination too.
Castelldefels - Another typical beachside destination for the locals. It is very popular for its wide range of gastronomy.
Tarragona - Old Roman period capital of eastern Spain, and today small seaside city off the tourist trail compared to Barcelona.
Visit the Nature parks in Barcelona province.
This city travel guide to Barcelona is a usable article. It has information on how to get there and on restaurants and hotels. An adventurous person could use this article, but please feel free to improve it by editing the page.