Cabo San Lucas is a city at the southern tip of Baja California Sur, Mexico.
Cabo is a varied destination that captures the essence of Baja Peninsula in its many resorts, hotels, golf courses, dining and amazing outdoor activities.
Cabo San Lucas is a bustling hub for sport fishermen, cruise ships, handicraft vendors, water sport aficionados and nightlife seekers. The area is considered the second fastest growing resort destination in all of Mexico and particularly busy with visitors during the winter high season, November to February. With some of the best all-around sport fishing in the world and every water sport imaginable, Cabo is the ultimate destination for travelers looking for outdoor adventure.
There are three districts in "Los Cabos":
San Jose del Cabo, the "Old Town", which is nearest to the airport. San Jose has old Mexico charm and some shining new resorts.
Cabo San Lucas, the "Main Town", which is 20-some miles from the airport, and the entertainment hub of Cabo. The famous arch is in Cabo San Lucas.
The Corridor, the highway which connects San Jose and Cabo San Lucas, which is now lined with golf courses, condos and resorts situated along the coastline.
By night, Cabo San Lucas is one of the hottest party towns in Mexico with a glittering nightlife and a plethora of dining options that make energetic Cabo San Lucas an all-time favorite. Also called Cabo San “Loco” or just plain “Cabo”, the town’s reputation as the wild party center of the Baja Peninsula has brought fame and infamy to its many bars and nightclubs.
If you'll be staying for more than a day (e.g., not as a passenger on a cruise ship), flying is the preferred means of travel to Cabo. The regional airport,  Los Cabos International Airport (624) 146-5111, is outside of San Jose del Cabo and will take approximately 30–45 minutes to travel to Cabo San Lucas.
For general aviation or private jets, Terminal 2 is used. It has 14 gates: 7-20. Air taxi and air charter companies such as Jetset Charterdead link fly a variety of private charter aircraft and jets, from charter luxury Gulfstreams down to economical piston twins for small groups and individuals.
All the major American airlines fly to the airport, as well as Aereo Calafia, Aeromexico, Alaska Airlines, Frontier Airlines, Volaris, and the Canadian Air Transat & WestJet.
If you plan on arriving in Cabo via plane, the Ruta del Desierto bus is the cheapest method to get to San Lucas. The stops are just outside of Terminal 1 (domestic) & 2 (international) and the route to San Lucas (the bus-stop is near Puerto Paradiso Mall and the downtown marina) takes between 45 minutes and 1 hour, depending on traffic. The buses are modern and air-conditioned, yet not well maintained, you may not find them pristine sometimes. you should consider that there is limited space for luggage and sometimes all seats will be accupied, so you will have to travel standing. One-way ticket price to/from the airport is M$90 or 5 USD, as of July 2023, paid directly to the driver or a seller at the bus stop before you go on-board. If you have a lot of luggage, a shuttle service provided by private companies is the next most economic option and is significantly cheaper than a taxi, since you are sharing the unit with other passengers, especially if traveling solo. There are vans at the airport charging per person for a ride to the resorts of Cabo which can be paid with or without prior reservation.
For a better or more private experience, consider booking your transportation in advance, at least 48 hours prior to your arrival, since most cancellation policies have that cancellation window. Based on the experience of most of the travelers leaving their reviews online, there are several reliable companies to hire, for shared or private service, you should book at Los Cabos Airport Shuttles or for a more personalized Private-only service, a good option is CATCO SJD office.
At the airport you may be approached with an offer of free transportation in exchange for your time on a "tour" of a resort, including breakfast. This is a timeshare promotion. They may also offer you free tickets to cruises and other excursions, or even cash. You will be asked to pay a deposit. You will in fact get your presents if you go on the tour, and you can negotiate for better presents, but the timeshare presentation may take up to 4 hours and will have a hard sales-pitch of what is generally a very overpriced timeshare. See the information on timeshares on the main Mexico page for more information. Remember, sometimes these agents may tell you they represent your transportation company, however this is a lie, your transportation unit will be always outside the terminal, never inside.
Cruise ships call very frequently. All must anchor/moor offshore, so passengers must be ferried to shore. Those who plan to arrange independent tours need to consider the time that ferrying takes for tour start, and for tour end to ensure they can return to ship on time.
Regional bus service is provided by Autotransportes Aguila with frequent departures from La Paz, San Jose del Cabo and several other nearby cities. Long distance routes are served by Autobuses Baja California (ABC).
Cabo San Lucas Bus Terminal, Carr. Todos Santos (north of the city center).
22°53′10″N 109°54′54″WMap of Cabo San Lucas
Taxis are readily available and rates are negotiable.
One of the best and most exciting ways to travel around Cabo is to rent a BMW motorcycle. Cabo BMW Rentals rents BMW motorcycles as well as scooters and they will provide helmets. You can ride north out of the tropics to Los Barriles which is a great stop for a bite to eat or walk on the beach. It's called the "Cabo Loop" which consists of a 320-km (200-mile) paved ride, starting in Cabo San Lucas and going through the larger cities of San José del Cabo, Los Barriles, Todos Santos and returns to Cabo San Lucas.
There are many car rental agencies in Los Cabos, most of which have names familiar to travelers in the Americas. If you are staying in a villa or plan on many day-trips that are not covered by a resort or timeshare shuttle, then a rental will likely be the most cost effective.
Magic Transfers Cabo, No. 123 De 150 Transporte en San Jose Del Cabo (.), ☏ +52 624 160-0347, info@magictransferscabo.com. 24 hours. An airport transfer company located at the Los Cabos International Airport. (updated Apr 2023)
Cabo San Lucas, at the tip of Baja California
Filled with natural landmarks and a number of prominent monuments, the city of Cabo San Lucas has plenty of character, particularly around its coastline. From January to March, a must see is the whales, they come to Cabo during this period of time and many boats can take you out to sea to watch them. In early March, they are particularly abundant.
Land's End— Known for its exceptional views and photo taking opportunities, this area is comprised of a large cluster of rock formations that were carved into fantastic shapes by wind and sea. During low tide, many visitors like to walk here along Playa del Amor (Lover's Beach) because it allows for a better view of an eroded passageway called the Arch of Poseidon. You can also observe Los Frailes, two rock islets that are frequented by sea lions.
Church of San Lucas (Iglesia de San Lucas). Boasting many original features, this church, almost 300 years old, has been well maintained
Cultural Center (Casa de la Cultura). Features a tall mirador tower and is surrounded by beautiful gardens and overlooks all of Cabo.
Scuba diving Is especially good in Cabo, because you can watch the sandfalls under the water. It is an amazing spectacle provided by nature. If you are looking for something more relaxed perhaps you want to go to Lover's Beach or to one of the multiple romantic restaurants in Cabo.
Cabo is also a good surfing destination, since many of the beaches on the east cape road pick up the southern swells. The beaches are accessible through the coastal road on the way to cabo pulmo. Particularly, shipwrecks beach is a favorite spot during the summer months.
Cabo Submarine. This is an easy way to see the fish and aquarium world without getting wet. The office is in the marina, and they have special pricing for contacting them directly from the website. The Semi Submersible is 18 m (60 feet) long and air conditioned.
Picante Bluewater Sports, Puerto Paraiso Local 39-A Cabo San Lucas, ☏ +52 624 143-2474, sales@picantesportfishing.com. American-owned with English-speaking crews; yachts ranging in size from 24' to 68'. US$325-3850.
Cabo Surf Safari, ☏ +1 888 557-3330. Lessons available courtesy of professional surfing instructors. Surf tours are arranged with hotel pick-up and lunch included.
dead link JT Watersports. They offer parasailing, wave runners, kayaks and snorkeling. They also have a sunset cruise that will take you out to explore Lovers Beach or "El Arco". They have new top of the line equipment and they are completely mobile, so they can cater to your needs anywhere in the East Cape area of Baja California Sur. They are on Playa Medano in Cabo San Lucas.
Cabo is known around the world as a top fishing destination. The meeting of the waters of the Pacific ocean and the Sea of Cortez creates a nutrient rich environment where sport fish thrive. Marlin, sailfish, tuna, dorado and wahoo are the most commonly targeted species. Cabo boasts one of the largest sport fishing charter fleets in Mexico. Charters range from pangas, open "semi-dorry" type skiffs, to 18 m (60 foot) or more luxury sport fishing yachts. Prices for a day of fishing start around US$175 for 5-hour panga trips, from US$450 for 8-hour trips on 26- to 30-footers and into the US$1,000 to $5,000 per day for boats from 34–60 feet.
Minerva's Baja Tackle and Charters, toll-free: +1 888 480-7826 (from US & Canada), minerva@minervas.com. English speaking crews, boats ranging in size from 31' to 40' with bare boat or all-inclusive rates. Charter prices run from US$600 to $900.
formerly dead link Checkmate Sportfishing, ☏ +1 703 203-1008 (from US). 31' Bertram. Charter rates from US$475. English-speaking crew.
dead link Slippery Lizzard Sportfishing, ☏ +1 770 573 0334 (from US), inquiries@slipperylizzardsportfishing.com. Upscale charter boats and sportfishing yachts from 28' - 68'. Full service charters with everything included (licenses, bait, drinks, beer, ice, lunches, tackle and equipment) with rates from US$550 for a full 8 hr day. English-speaking crews and American guides.
dead link Reggae Jungle Cruise, jungletours@prodigy.net.mx. Continental breakfast, snorkeling, lunch and whale watching while cruising along two different reefs that are astoundingly beautiful. Children under 10 go free.
Jazz and Wine Tour aboard the Tropicat, ☏ +52 624 143-3797, pezsail@prodigy.net.mx. Sail the Pacific on a large sailing catamaran. Enjoy a breathtaking sunset while listening to the contemporary jazz music. International bar serves premium wines and hor d'ouvres.
ATV offroad adventures, ☏ +52 624 142-5300, sales@bajawild.com. One of the more popular ways to see and explore Cabo. Discover the sights from the seat of an ATV or a mountain bike, on a guided tour through sand dunes, desert, mountain and beach. Half-day trip costs US$85 and includes an ATV or mountain bike, rappelling gear, expert tour guide, rappel instructor, energy bars, all beverages and round trip transportation in an air conditioned van.
formerly dead link Sierra Buggies (Road Runner Tour), Calle Nopal 19 Colonia Magisterial, ☏ +52 624 1307623. 09:00 and 14:00. Buggy rides in the Boca de la sierra mountain range along mountain trails lined with all kinds of cacti and rocky dry river beds that will test your driving skills, and onto to one of the few UNESCO protected biosphere reserves in México and a swim in one of the Sierra's hidden freshwater pools. US$230 double and US$150 single.
dead link The Cabo San Lucas Glass Factory. A really fun place for the entire family to visit. Touring the glass factory, you get to witness a first hand glimpse into the centuries-old art of glass blowing.
With boutiques as easy to come by in Cabo as restaurants, its a shoppers delight.
The plazas of Puerto Paraiso Shopping and Entertainment Plaza and the adjacent Marina Cabo San Lucas offer a variety of shops and goods with an affable ambiance.
Shoppes At Palmilla offer a selection of high-end boutiques. The stores here include day spas, art galleries, fine restaurants, coffee shops, an amazing bakery and homemade crafts.
San Jose del Cabo features traditional Mexican speciality stores which offer furniture, hand blown glass, ceramics, artwork, cigars and local souvenirs.
Golden Cactus Gallery, Hidalgo street (corner Zapata, one block from Wyndham Tesoro Hotel), ☏ +52 624 143-6399, celyne@GoldenCactusGallery.com. M-F 12:00-19:00. The Golden Cactus Gallery opened in 1997 as a fine art gallery and artist studio. The gallery showcases hundreds of works of art from artists from Baja, Mexico, USA and Canada. In 2009, the gallery was acquired by long-time resident Marie Celyne Poupart.
Tacos Marissa, 20 de Noviembre. Tasty steak tacos and the best condiments to accompany them, including whole roasted jalapenos, caramelized onions, guacamole, and every color and variety of salsa imaginable. Great to meet the locals as well. (updated Aug 2022)
The Crazy Lobster, Calle Miguel Hidalgo s/n. (updated Aug 2022)
Maro Shrimp House, Calle Miguel Hidalgo s/n. (updated Aug 2022)
John's Place, Blvd. Paseo de la Marina 36. (updated Aug 2022)
Guss Tacos, Blvd Lazaro Cardenas entre, Calle Melchor Ocampo s/n. (updated Aug 2022)
El Pescador, Zaragoza Niños Heroes y Zaragoza, Ildefonso Green. (updated Aug 2022)
Jarro, Cormoranes entre acuario y pelicanos, El Medano Ejidal. (updated Aug 2022)
1 & Only Taco, Cam. Viejo a San Jose s/n, El Medano Ejidal. (updated Aug 2022)
Tacos Gardenias, P.º de La Marina L31, El Medano Ejidal. (updated Aug 2022)
Alexander's Restaurant, Blvd. Marina s/n (On the Cabo San Lucas Marina at the Plaza Bonita Mall), ☏ +52 624 143 2022. It's hard to miss this lively restaurant that is always packed and upon dining here, you'll understand why it has maintained its popularlity for so long. With the chef combining French-influenced cuisine of Swiss origin with hints of the tropics and Mediterranean, the menu offers something for just about any palate and craving. Be sure to try the shrimp tempura with a Thai coconut-chile sauce, its taste and freshness will satisfy. (updated Aug 2022)
La Dolce, Calle Miguel Hidalgo. Italian restaurant and pizzeria serving authentic Italian cuisine in the heart of Cabo. Open for dinner only and contains standard Italian fare. Also located in San Jose del Cabo. (updated Aug 2022)
Restaurante Mi Casa, Av. Cabo San Lucas s/n, ☏ +52 624 143 1933. Popular Mi Casa is well-known for its Mexican dining experience and provides a taste of old Mexico. The atmosphere is friendly and funky and the staff are efficient and quick. The restaurant does allow street vendors to peddle their fares at your table though. (updated Aug 2022)
El Coral, Boulevard Marina Sn. Mexican and seafood. Oldest restaurant in Cabo. On the west end of the main street. Good prices and good food. (updated Aug 2022)
La Casa Country, El Medano Ejidal, Marina. Mexican food. The best fajitas in town. Line dancing show included. (updated Aug 2022)
Mariscos de Mazatlan, C. Narciso Mendoza s/n (on the right (west), south bound, between the airport and Cabo on the main highway). Very good seafood with good value pricing. It has an open-air palapa at least in part. (updated Aug 2022)
Pancho´s Restaurant, Hidalgo & Emiliano Zapata (downtown Cabo), ☏ +52 624 143-2891. Great Mexican and seafood and the largest collection of tequilas in the world with over 500 labels. (updated Aug 2022)
Nicksan, Plaza de la Danza, Blvd. Paseo de la Marina. Some of the freshest sushi in the area. Make sure to sit at the sushi bar and ask the sushi chef what is good that night. (updated Aug 2022)
Edith's, Av. del Pescador S/N, El Medano Ejidal. (updated Aug 2022)
Mango Deck Beach Club. If you're looking for a "Spring Break" type atmosphere with bass-thumping music and bikini clad girls dancing on stage for a bucket of beer, then the Mango Deck is your spot. However, be mindful that the drinking age in Mexico is 18 and most of those girls on stage (especially in the summer) are pre-college high schoolers either on spring break or celebrating graduation. Adults may find The Office more appropriate.
The Office. Located right next door to the Mango Deck, The Office is a more adult setting offering big blue umbrellas to shield you from the sun and an assortment of appetizers to accompany your margarita or Modelo Especial. With tables and chairs right in the sand, the office has become a famous watering hole in Cabo. The Office does not allow beach vendors to solicit you at your table.
Slim's Elbo Room, Just down the street from the Giggling Marlin. Hole in the wall so it's easy to miss. Size does matter at this bar, which claims to be the world's smallest bar with four seats only and standing room for two. Drinks are served straight up as well as beer. Visitors like to tack a dollar to the wall with a stamp that says 'I was here'.
The Giggling Marlin. Gotta check it out. They hang you upside down by your ankles and you drink a shot. Great lunch and dinner menu. Try the fish tacos and house-made salsa!
El Squid Roe. The best bar in the town. Loud, obnoxious, but thats why it's fun. Very touristy; people of all ages get up on tables and dance. Cocktail waitresses walk around with a whistle in their mouth to get your attention while they sell jello shots. This bar is multi-level and plays a variety of music. Very popular bar; if others are not hoppin' this one will be!
Cabo Wabo. Owned by Sammy Hagar, who performs occasionally, Cabo Wabo is famed for consistently providing patrons with a good time. They play the rock loud, and with attitude, but thankfully the staff are friendly and quick to serve.
Poncho's, Hidalgo & Emiliano Zapata (downtown Cabo), ☏ +52 624 143-2891. Great Mexican and seafood and the largest collection of Tequilas in the world with over 500 labels.
Two For The Road (Live Jazz Spot), Hotel Tesoro ~ Cabo San Lucas (On the Marina Facing M-O Dock), ☏ +52 624 143-7759, nightheat_21@yahoo.com. 20:00-00:00. A jazz night spot for the over-30 crowd and for those searching for a place to go in Cabo, either before or after dinner to enjoy great cocktails, wine and Jazz Martinis with sophisticated live entertainment and pleasant conversation. Unique ambience and intimate Jazz Night Spot like no other in Cabo San Lucas located on the Marina side of The Hotel Tesoro Monday through Saturday, 8PM to midnight. Live music nightly, 9PM to midnight. It is located between Solomon’s Landing & "No Worry's" Lighthouse Restaurant. Validated one hour free parking in Hotel Tesoro parking lot.
Happy Ending Cantina (Rated the Best Bar in Cabo), Marina Blvd 22 (Between Cabo Wabo & Hard Rock), ☏ +52 624 143-0404. 10AM-3AM. Happy Ending is located on the "50 yard line" in the middle of Cabo's action. Cheap drinks. Three bars, stripper poles, beer pong tables, pool tables, dancing, music, satellite TV for sporting events, delicious food all day and all night, cleanest bathrooms in Mexico, handicap access. ATM on the premises. Opens at 10:00 and closes at 3AM everyday. Best in Cabo.
The Usual Suspects, Main Street across Puerto Paraiso Mall, ☏ +52 555 102 4500. The Usual Suspects is the only bar with a High Definition 100 inch screen in Cabo showing every NFL, NHL game, PPV, etc. Its oval shaped bar invites everybody to meet everybody, friendly and English speaking bartenders, clean bathrooms and a dance floor under the stars will make your Cabo nights unforgettable.
UNOMAS. The best margaritias in Cabo. The drinks are US$ each and beers are US$2. The beers are cold and the company is warm and friendly. This place is hard to find but a great place to hang out. Owned by Fernando and Gina, also the bar tenders, these two ensure the success of the bar by tasting, with their own straw of course, every drink prior to serving them. This ensures that their mix is always right.
The Sandbar (Next to the Office). Very nice place to spend a day on the beach drinking cold Pacificos (sold in an ice filled bucket) People are very nice and the service is great.
Estancia Real Los Cabos, 20 de Noviembre and Leona Vicario, Cabo San Lucas 23410 - A charming, bohemian and clean hotel with communal kitchen, BBQ, and a small rooftop pool. The management are friendly and helpful, and the guests tend to be as well. It is a few blocks from the beach, marina, and many of the drinking establishments. The two "honeymoon suites" are double the price of the average room here but still a bargain. There are large open air palapas, one of which has a private jacuzzi.
Seven Crown Express & Suitesdead link, Blvd. Lazaro Cardenas y 16 de Septiembre | Col. Centro - Nestled in between a gas station, a liquor store, and a strip club. Across the street is the hospital. Has four locations. A great deal, its the closest hotel to all the bars, and you can just walk to the Riu Resort and get free drinks every day.
Hostal Casa Coyotito, Blvd Lazaro Cardenas y Calle Miguel Hidalgo (near the Cabo Church). Cash only. US dollars accepted. Bikes available for rent for M$200/day. Dorm beds are M$350, private rooms start at M$700/night. (updated Jul 2023)
Casa Piedra, ☏ +52 661-296-1946. Within the Cabo Pulmo Marine Park. An all native stone house with a palm frond (palapa) roof, located with the Cabo Pulmo Marine Park, directly on a white sand beach. It has 2100 sq ft of living space with an equal amount of outdoor patios.
El Nido Hacienda Escondida, Road towards Sunset Beach | Blvd. Miguel Angel Herrera & Callejon el Dorado, Cabo San Lucas 23450 - Located on a quiet cul-de-sac, three blocks away from the original town square and five blocks away from the marina. Six spacious decorated rooms, each with its own bathroom, are located around a central courtyard. Full breakfast, jacuzzi, gardens, roof-top sun deck, barbecue facilities, and a spectacular sunrise-sunset vista. There is also a beauty salon on premises.
Royal Solaris Los Cabos, Boulevard San Jose Mz. 22 Lote 10, Zona Hotelera, 23400 San José del Cabo, B.C.S., ☏ +52 624 145 6800. Blvd San Jose Lote #10 Campo de Golf, Z.H. . 390 rooms Mexican hacienda-style resort a five-story building in a U-shaped enclosing gardens and pools. Unlimited meal and beverages in 5 restaurants. Dinner shows and theme nights. 3 pools with heather system (including relaxes & kids pools). Spa and beauty salon. Beach front and indoor jacuzzi. Fitness center. Tennis and basketball courts, also beach volleyball court. Scuba diving demo at the diving pool. Kids club & Mini Water park. Weekly activities program for all ages. $ 150 USD Double occupancy. (updated May 2018)
Marina Sol, ☏ +52 624 143-3231, info@marinasolresort.com. One block from Medano Beach and the Marina and just two blocks from Downtown Cabo. Marina Sol offers one to five bedroom condos with partial ocean, pool &courtyard, and town & sunset views. Family oriented condominium resort.
RIU Palace Cabo San Lucas, Camino Viejo a San Jose, Cabo San Lucas 23410 - Has impressive architecture and 642 deluxe rooms are set in a spectacular enclave facing one of Los Cabo's famous landmarks. Amenities include mini-bar and liquor dispenser, while some suites boast hydro-massage bathtubs and a jacuzzi on the terrace. This resort includes all-inclusive holidays, with facilities and a full range of sports and leisure alternatives, and on-site dining. The hotel was just certified an AAA Four-diamond hotel. 1
Tesoro Resorts Los Cabosdead link, Marina Lotes 9Y10, Col Centro, Telephone: US/Canada: 1 866 998 3767 or Mexico:1 800 837 6767. All inclusive Mexico resort hotel. Looks onto the marina, lighthouse or the Sea of Cortés from your balcony. No airport shuttle service. Internet, fitness center, spa, activities desk, large pool, parking, air conditioning. All inclusive packages are offered.
Fiesta Americana Grand Los Cabos Golf & Spa, Carretera Transpeninsular, km , ☏ +52 624 145 6200. 249 rooms and suites with private balconies overlooking the hotel's private beach and the Sea of Cortez. Guests can enjoy five swimming pools, a fitness center, the SOMMA WineSPA, a variety of on-site restaurants, and a championship golf course.
Pueblo Bonito Pacifica, Cabo Pacifica S/N, ☏ +52-624-142-9696, reservations@pueblobonito.com. This oceanfront, boutique adults-only resort with minimalist style sits by itself on a rugged 4-km (-mi) stretch of sand beach on the Pacific side of Cabo.
Marquis Los Cabos, Carretera Transpeninsular Km.  (In the Corridor between El Dorado and Cabo Real golf courses), ☏ +52-624-144-2000, fax: +52-624-144-2001, reservations@marquisloscabos.com. Ocean view, contemporary Mexican decor. Junior suite, master suite or cabana (casita) with private pool.
ME Cabo, Playa El Medano, ☏ +52 624 1457800. ME Cabo steps down to the sea, its 150 rooms and suites arranged in a terraced embrace of free-form pools and gardens, Bali beds and sunshine.
Dreams Los Cabos Suites Golf Resort & Spa, Carretera Transpeninsular, KM , Cabo San Lucas. Open-air hacienda-style architecture offers spacious suites in varying sizes, all with ocean views from your private, furnished terrace. Twice daily maid service, premium stocked mini-bar, and satellite TV. Three pools, two with swim up bars, one snack bar, a full-service spa and fitness center, and five restaurants, plus lounges. Nearby, eight championship golf courses.
Paradisus Los Cabos, Carretera Transpeninsular km , Sector 5, Cabo San Lucas, ☏ +52 800 918 0347. All-inclusive style resort. Contemporary interior, pool, and other luxury amenities. Receives media attention and praise from celebrities.
Krystal Grand Los Cabos, Km 29, Carr Tranpeninsular Highway, ☏ +52 624 163 4750. Playa del Sol Los Cabos is on a white sand beach. Exclusive beach club environment.
Hilton Los Cabos Beach & Golf Resort, Carretera Transp. Km. , ☏ +52 624 145-6500. Featuring one of the only swimmer-friendly beaches in town, this resort was designed to reflect the Spanish heritage of Mexico, featuring tiled roofs and a hacienda-style courtyard with a large, elevated cascading pond.
Marquis Los Cabos, Carr Transpeninsular Km  (Los Cabos, Baja California Sur), ☏ +52 624 144-2000. Hotel and resort overlooking the Sea of Cortes, featuring oceanfront suites, spa, dining, meeting/event facilities, seaside pools.
Prana del Mar Retreat & Wellness Center, Playas Migriño, Carretera a Todos Santos, KM 105, ☏ +52 415 310-2909. This boutique eco-resort focuses primarily on yoga retreats, yoga vacations, and spa holidays. 15 rooms and suites, swimming pool and hot tub, delicious cuisine, solar-powered, very serene.
The Resort at Pedregal, Camino Del Mar 1, toll-free: +1 844-733-7342, info@theresortatpedregal.com. A five-star resort featuring villas with private plunge pools, restaurants, a full-service spa and elegant beachfront space for weddings and meetings. This resort is set on a private beach near the downtown retail district.
Las Ventanas Al Paraiso, KM  Carretera Transpeninsular, San Jose del Cabo, ☏ +52 624 1442800, +1 888 767-3966 (Res), fax: +52 624 1442801, lasventanas@rosewoodhotels.com. World renowned five-star resort that offers expansive suites, spa, meeting and wedding facilities, horseback riding, sailing, surfing, snorkeling, and scuba diving.
Esperanza, An Auberge Resort, Carretera Transpeninsular km 7 Manzana 10, Punta Ballena. Five-star Auberge Baja-style resort featuring 50 oceanview casitas and six luxury suites with large outdoor terraces and Sea of Cortez views. Luxurious touches include fine linens, plush robes and over-sized bathrooms.
One and Only Palmilla, 5 carretera Transpeninsular SJC, ☏ +52 624 146-7000. This five-star resort is a splurge, but well worth it with exceptional accommodations all with ocean views, and an exceptional golf course.
Do not beach walk at the water's edge on the Pacific side. This area is very treacherous, and huge waves can come ashore with little to no notice. This danger does not end at the "El Arco" point, but extends to all south-facing beaches as well, including the Pueblo Bonito and Riu Palace resorts.
As a general note, avoid back alleyways, especially at nighttime. Watch for pick pockets in the nightlife areas. Only accept rides from licensed taxi drivers.
The main beach of Cabo San Lucas, called "El Medano" (Medano Beach) is located near the marina in the bay. On the beach there are some great places to eat and drink including The Office, along with many others most of the places have outdoor tables on the beach. The beach overlooks Lands End. You can also take a ride to Lands End by boat and also Lover's Beach, one of the best beaches in the world.
Explore small towns surrounding Cabo: San Jose del Cabo, Todos Santos and La Paz are rich with history and make a great excursion. The nearby town of Todos Santos is a perfect side trip from Cabo. Todos Santos is a small community with approximately 4000 people. The town is filled with art and culture. The town is a tribute to the Eagles 'Hotel California', with its old colonial architecture and centuries old monastery one is transported back through time to a land of mystery and adventure. Stop at Elias Calles on your way home and pick a basket of organic strawberries.
La Paz is an old Mexican port with an 'old Baja' feel. It features in John Steinbeck's novel The Pearl based on a Mexican folk tale about the areas most valuable natural resource. Its anthropology museum offers insights into the first inhabitants, 10,000 years ago. You can also see rock paintings dating back to these early settlers.
La Paz ← San José del Cabo ←
La Paz via ← Todos Santos ←
This city travel guide to Cabo San Lucas is a usable article. It has information on how to get there and on restaurants and hotels. An adventurous person could use this article, but please feel free to improve it by editing the page.