Cape Town and Table Mountain viewed from Bloubergstrand across Table Bay.
Cape Town (Afrikaans: Kaapstad, Xhosa: iKapa) is the second most populous city in South Africa. The capital of Western Cape Province, it is also the legislative capital of the nation. Cape Town is on South Africa's southwestern coast close to the Cape of Good Hope, and is the southernmost city on the African continent. It is the gateway to the globally renowned Cape Winelands which includes the towns of Franschhoek, Stellenbosch and Paarl.
Cape Town is nicknamed the Mother City within South Africa. Compared to the more business oriented Johannesburg it is known for its relaxed and leisurely atmosphere. Compared to other parts of South Africa, Cape Town is also distinctly more "western".
Cape Town seen from space: Most of the urban area visible in this NASA Astronaut photo is part of the greater Cape Town metropolitan area. Also visible are Stellenbosch, Paarl, and Fransch Hoek to the northeast, and Rooi-els and Pringle Bay to the southeast
The metropolis of Cape Town is spread over a wide area, from Somerset West and Durbanville in the east to Atlantis in the north and Cape Point in the south. The city centre is situated in a fairly small area between Table Bay and Table Mountain.
The original Dutch settlement, and the heart of the current city, is southwest of Strand St, "Beach street" in Afrikaans, since it followed the original waterfront during the 17th century. Since then, centuries of landfills have successively moved the shoreline some 1,200 m (3,900 ft) northeast to its current position. The old city centre is intersected by avenues like Long St, St Georges Mall and Adderley St, and is approximately bounded by the Company Gardens in the southwest, the Castle of Good Hope in the east, and the slopes of Signal Hill in the northwest. During the 19th century, these slopes were settled by Cape Town's Malay Muslim population, creating the area Bo-Kaap, which translates into "Above the Cape" or "Upper Cape".
Before the European colonial era what is now the Western Cape was inhabited by Khoikhoi and San groups, whom the Dutch called "Hottentots", "Strandlopers" and "Bushmen" (terms that are now considered racist and offensive). From the late 15th century, European ships (primarily Portuguese) started to visit the area, firstly for fresh food and water, then later for whaling and trading with the locals. Cape Town's colonial history started in 1652, when founder Jan van Riebeeck established a trading post there for the Dutch East Indies Company (VOC), as a stopping point on the Cape Route. Even though South Africa is the part of Africa located furthest from Europe, it was the first, and up until the 19th century, only place which was substantially colonized by Europeans since the Roman Empire in North Africa. The reason is that the Cape, while being furthest from Europe, also is relatively far from the equator. The Europeans therefore found the climate temperate enough to grow European crops, and the Cape was in a strategically important position for intercontinental trade.
The earliest European settlers were predominantly Dutch along with some Protestant Huguenots from northern France fleeing from being persecuted by the Catholics. These settlers over time explored the adjacent hinterland and founded the cities of Paarl and Stellenbosch in what is today the Cape Winelands. They were known as Voortrekkers ("Pioneers") when they ventured from the Cape region to explore, conquer and settle other parts of Southern Africa. The first people from Asia to arrive in Cape Town were the Malays from Java and other islands of the Dutch East Indies, brought in by the Dutch as slaves in 1654. Their descendants are today known as the Cape Malays. Soon the various ethnic groups intermingled leading to the emergence of the unique, mixed-race Cape Coloured community.
Political control of Cape Town ping ponged between the Dutch and British during the late 18th and early 19th centuries until 1814 when it was ceded to the British. South Africa became a self-governing dominion of the British Empire (as the Union of South Africa) in 1910, and became a republic in 1961.
Cape Town, as the seat of parliament, is South Africa's legislative capital. The city was ahead of its time as it developed into a global, multicultural metropolis much earlier than most other major cities of the world. Cape Town has many fascinating points of interest, a thriving nightlife, and a sizable LGBT presence.
Average max. and min. temperatures in °C
Precipitation+Snow totals in mmSource:w:Cape_Town#Climate
Average max. and min. temperatures in °F
The months of summer are from December to February. The days are mostly hot but low in humidity, so you shouldn't feel uncomfortable. Stay indoors or at least in the shade during the midday heat and use adequate sunblock. International tourists jostle for space on the beach with the domestic beach-goers around the peak holiday period (16 December - 16 January). However, it is still an exciting and eventful time to be in Cape Town.
The months of winter from June to August are rather wet. It does not rain every single day though it can sometimes rain for two weeks straight. It can also get very chilly at night, with the mercury dropping to as low as 2–3 °C (36–37 °F) (this temperature is colder than the sea so it should not get any colder unless you head inland) but 5–7 °C (41–45 °F) is more typical. It warms during the day, with typical temperatures between 9–15 °C (48–59 °F). The winters tend to be overcast with not as much sunshine.
The ideal times to see the city are:
October and November: Winter is over and the temperature is warming up. Spring has arrived, but it is not yet as warm as the middle of summer. This period is often windy too. The Southeaster is also called the Cape Doctor because a significant amount of air pollution gets blown away.
December to February: These are the prime summer months with long, sunny and hot days. The sun sets late in the evening (staying bright up til 20:30 in December) with a lot usually happening. February is the most reliable month for weather, with day after day of warmth and sunshine.
March to May: While this varies every year, it generally starts raining during April or May and the temperature starts to become cooler. March is often still quite warm. The number of tourists around the city drops, giving you an opportunity to get great deals on travel services, including accommodation, activities and food.
During the dry summer months, especially when the winds are strong, wildfires pose a grave threat to the animals and vegetation of the Cape region. In particular, the fynbos in the national parks can become very dry and burn rapidly. Wildfires are a serious concern, and previous fires have damaged the slopes of Table Mountain. If you notice any fires in the Cape area please report them to the Western Cape Umbrella Fire Protection Association on ☏ +27 21 6897438, or the after-hours emergency hotline on ☏ +27 21 9574700.
Central Terminal Building at Cape Town International Airport
Cape Town International Airport (CPT IATA), Matroosfontein, ☏ +27 21 937-1200, customercare@airports.co.za. This is South Africa's second biggest airport (O.R. Tambo International Airport in Johannesburg being the biggest) and the third busiest in Africa. About 20 km east of the city centre, it is easily accessible via all national roads and is situated directly at the N2 near Bellville.
The MyCiti rapid transit bus operates from 04:30 to 22:00 between the airport and the centre of Cape Town with connections to the Atlantic coastal suburbs and to the MetroRaildead link commuter train service. Buy tickets from the kiosk attached to the dedicated MyCiti bus shelter, outside the airport terminal.
There are people in the Official Airport Taxi vests waiting as you exit the customs. They are not official, and they are more expensive than a taxi requested via an app. They are unmetered, so if you choose to use them, make sure to ask for the rate before you get in the car, otherwise you risk paying considerably more than the fair price. (An Uber costs only R150 from the airport to the city centre).
There are several daily direct flights to Johannesburg, Durban and all other major South African cities, as well as Windhoek and Walvis Bay in Namibia, and Gaborone and Maun in Botswana.
The main airlines locally and internationally as of 2022 are South African Airways (albeit with a diminshed network), Airlink (now the largest regional airline), and FlySafair.
International airlines operating routes to Cape Town include:
Air Botswana - Gaborone (both direct)
Air France - Paris Charles de Gaulle (direct - seasonal)
Airlink - Saint Helena (sometimes a stop in Walvis Bay depending on weather conditions)
Air Mauritius - Mauritius (direct)
Austrian Airlines - Vienna (direct-seasonal)
British Airways - London-Heathrow and London-Gatwick (direct-seasonal)
Cathay Pacific - Hong Kong (direct - seasonal)
Condor - Frankfurt (direct - seasonal)
Delta Air Lines - Atlanta (sometimes may stop in Johannesburg)
Edelweiss Air - Zurich (direct - seasonal)
Emirates - Dubai Airport (direct)
Ethiopian Airlines - Addis Ababa (direct)
FlyWestair - Oranjemund and Windhoek–Eros (direct)
Kenya Airways - Nairobi 3 times a week. (stops in Victoria Falls/Livingstone)
KLM - Amsterdam Schiphol (direct)
Lufthansa - Munich Airport and Frankfurt (direct - seasonal)
Rwandair - Kigali and Harare (flight from Kigali stops in Harare; you can fly solely between on Rwandair between Harare and Cape Town).
Singapore Airlines - Singapore (stops in Johannesburg)
TAAG Angola Airlines - Luanda (direct)
TAP Air Portugal - Lisbon - (direct - seasonal)
United Airlines - Newark (nonstop - seasonal)
Virgin Atlantic - London-Heathrow (direct - seasonal)
South African Airways no longer operates inter-continental routes. From October to March, many charter airlines fly directly from all across Europe to Cape Town. Many airlines sell spare seats at discounted rates though during the summer holiday period prices rise significantly.
ATMs (In all terminals). All ATMs in South Africa have a R50 withdrawal fee for overseas bank cards.
Baggage storage (In the Domestic Arrivals terminal), ☏ +27 21 936-2884. R15 per bag per day.
Clinic (Southern Office Block), ☏ +27 21 936-2277.
Foreign exchange (Located in International Arrivals and Departure Terminals). Master Currency and ABSA
VAT Refunds (International Departures, between passport control and the gates), ☏ +27 21 934-8675, info@taxrefunds.co.za.
City Lodge (Right next to the airport), ☏ +27 21 934-7303. R680 per room. (updated Jul 2018)
Always On Wi-Fi, ☏ +27 11 575-2505. Connect to the access point and you will be given the opportunity to pay for access by credit card. From R15 for 10 minutes or R60 for 100MB.
For further information see Discount airlines in Africa.
The Muizenberg to Simon's Town Metrorail tracks run right along the ocean. Spectacular views.
Travel by train should be approached with some caution and research. It is advised to consult with locals on whether the line you intend to use is operating and considered safe.
All scheduled South African passenger trains are run by PRASA (the Passenger Rail Agency of South Africa), which has different divisions for long distance (intercity) trains and commuter (suburban) trains. Shosholoza Meyl operates intercity trains and MetroRail commuter trains in major cities.
Shosholoza Meyl has three classes of intercity trains: Economy Class, Tourist Class and Premier Classe. In economy class there are seats only (no bunk beds). Tourist class provides bunk beds for overnight trips (bring a sleeping bed or buy bedding on the train). Premier class is luxurious and comfortable, providing all necessary bedding and meals. The economy and tourist class trains have a buffet car for food. Prices on the three classes vary accordingly.
There are intercity trains from:
Johannesburg via Kimberley every day of the week. Economy seat R440. and Tourist Class sleeper R690.;
the fare from Capetown to Kimberley Economy seat R300. and Tourist Class sleeper R470.
Cape Town to East London once a week Sunday (Economy seat Class only). R400);
MetroRail has two classes on commuter trains in and around Cape Town: MetroPlus (also called First Class) and Metro (called Third Class). MetroPlus is more comfortable and less crowded but also more expensive. Every trainset has MetroPlus and Metro coaches; the MetroPlus coaches are always on the end of the train nearest Cape Town. The tickets are cheap so it is better to be more comfortable and use MetroPlus. There are steep fines if you are caught in a MetroPlus coach with a Metro ticket (but vice versa is allowed).
MetroRail commuter trains are a great way to travel between Cape Town and neighbouring towns such as Stellenbosch, Strand, Paarl, Somerset West, Malmesbury, Worcester and through the Southern Suburbs (Claremont, Wynberg, Retreat) or to the beaches at Muizenberg, Kalk Bay, Fish Hoek, Glencairn and Simon's Town. Contrary to popular opinion, MetroRail trains are safe, but it is wise to avoid travelling during the night if possible. If you need to use trains during the night, go on the most crowded first-class (MetroPlus) car and try to travel with a companion. MetroRail is rather difficult to navigate for an unprepared tourist. As of January 2023, the timetables at the Cape Town station do not work, and staff may give you inaccurate information on the train times, varying from 10 minutes before to 5 minutes after the actual departure time. There are several official websites, none of which have any authoritative information on the service. There are also several unofficial websites/apps with outdated or unreliable information. The operator's website appears to have accurate. Ticket offices at the Cape Town station only accept cash.
The train line from Cape Town to Simon's Town is fantastic. From Muizenberg south to Simon's Town, the line runs right next to the sea. You can often see whales, and if it is windy you may have sea spray hitting the train windows. For the best views make sure you sit on the east side of the train (the left side as you face away from Cape Town and towards Simon's Town). You can buy a Tourist "hop on, hop off" ticket for the Cape Town to Simon's Town route that allows you to get on and off any train for the entire day. As of January 2023, there's no direct train between Cape Town and Simon's Town. You have to change at Fish Hoek, and the train schedules are not aligned, so this change may take up to an hour.
Trains to Stellenbosch run about every two hours or so, but this journey takes a long time. Ask at the ticket counter if there is an earlier train you could hop on, since there are also trains to Stellenbosch starting from Bellville and Eerste River.
Cape Town railway station (corner of Strand St and Adderley St in the city centre). All trains from and to Cape Town depart and arrive from here. (updated Aug 2020)
Bellville railway station. Second largest station, in the eastern suburbs. Major hub for commuter trains, most long-distance trains calls here too. (updated Dec 2020)
Most roads in Cape Town and its surroundings are in excellent condition, which makes getting around in a car a straightforward task. However, there is a risk of getting carjacked when it is dark or while you stop at the traffic lights. It is not quite as dangerous as the media will make you believe, but you should take care. Ask the staff in your hotel or anyone who knows the city well about the safe and unsafe areas of Cape Town. Check the route that you intend to take and avoid unnecessary detours off the highways into areas with which you are not familiar.
Many major highways begin in Cape Town:
N1 goes northeast, passing Paarl, Bloemfontein and Johannesburg on its way from Cape Town to the Zimbabwean capital Harare. The N1 is a good option if you are heading up to Kimberley and the northern Drakensberg.
N2 goes along the east coast to the Garden Route, George and Port Elizabeth town in the Eastern Cape, across the Wild Coast, Durban and Eswatini (Swaziland), and finally ending up at Ermelo. Note that the N2 is a toll road through the Tsitsikamma National Park.
N7 runs north along the west coast to the Northern Cape city of Springbok up to Namibia. Continue on it to get to the Kgalagadi Transfrontier Park and Upington.
Car rental in South Africa is more affordable than most Western nations. Petrol is cheaper than much of Europe too but is slightly more pricey than the USA. Local residents will say that the drivers in Cape Town are among the politest in the country and normally drive slower than drivers in other South African cities.
Every major bus company has intercity connections to Cape Town, taking you there from other areas in South Africa and from Namibia, Botswana and Zimbabwe. Every day up to six buses run from particular cities.
Baileys Reo Liner has a bus to Cape Town from Namibia three times a week: on Wednesday, Friday and Sunday. Munenzwal Luxury Coaches and Chihwa bus lines have buses to Cape Town from Zimbabwe three times a week.
The starting point for the buses is the bus station next to the main train station near the Golden Acre building.
Greyhound, ☏ +27 83 915-9000.
Intercape Mainliner, ☏ +27 21 380-4400. Has buses going from Cape Town to Namibia.
Translux, ☏ +27 21 449-6353.
Baz Bus, ☏ +27 21 422-5202. (updated Jul 2018)
IIulabus. Cape Town from Johannesburg from R500.
Nobles Transport. Cape Town from Johannesburg from R500.
Delta Coaches. Cape Town from Johannesburg from R500.
Eagle Liner. Cape Town from Johannesburg from R500.
City to City. Cape Town from Plettenberg Bay from R250. Cape Town from Knysna R230
Bus tickets can also be obtained from Computicketdead link.
Most of the larger cruise lines, such as Princess Cruises, offer Cape Town as one of their destinations, but you can also try something different:
RMS St Helena. This passenger/cargo ship is the last working Royal Mail Ship and stops at Cape Town on its way to St Helena.
Cape Town is not the most pedestrian-friendly city in the world. There are areas that are ideal for walking, such as the St George's Mall and Greenmarket Square areas in the city centre, the V&A Waterfront or some beach areas.
Care needs to be taken when walking in other parts of the city, as the roads can be busy, and having pedestrian right of way does not necessarily mean that vehicles will cede to you. Pedestrians normally cross when the road is clear, regardless of red pedestrian lights.
Outside of a few areas, there is very little pedestrian signage.
It is possible to get around by bicycle. There are some bike lanes in the center. More information about cycling in and near the city.
Many car hire companies are based in the airport as well being found all over town. Note that South Africa is a left-hand traffic country. Visitors from countries where traffic moves on the right-hand side may need to take some time to get familiar with the different road rules. Getting a car with automatic transmission at some rental services is not always easy so try to reserve a car in advance if you prefer an automatic.
Cape Town has some of the worst traffic jams in South Africa. During peak-hours traffic can grind to a total stand-still. Use an app like Waze or Google Maps to guide you around the worst spots.
All fuel stations accept international credit and debit cards using chip and PIN. US and other card holders not yet converted to chip cards may find their cards not accepted.
When you refuel your car you need to let the station attendants do it for you. You can just stay inside your car and they will ask you which type and how much fuel you want to put in your car. They will probably also wash your windscreen for you whether you need it or not, and it is also common to ask petrol attendants to check tyres and oil. In return a small tip is appreciated (around R5 is common) so it is advisable to collect a few of the low denomination coins you will receive elsewhere during your trip as change.
Cape Town has several luxury chauffeur companies that do a variety of services including transfer to and from the airport, taking you to exclusive events and becoming VIP bodyguards.
Metered taxis are controlled by the city council and can be considered safe and reliable. The price per kilometer is around R8-R10 and can often be read at the taxis side door. You can also set a fixed price with the driver, especially when going to a far away destination such as the airport which is about 21 km from city center and the fare can be bargained down to R150.
There is only one official taxi company at the airport: Touchdown Taxis and to avoid the touts walk through the terminal until you find their specific desk. You can also ask your hotel to pick you up, as pick up service are provided by many hotels, guest houses and so on.
Elsewhere look for the specific taxi ranks which usually have a marshall who will ask where you want to go and then instruct one of the taxis for you - always ask up front how much and they will either indicate that it is on the meter or advise a fixed amount on which you can haggle. Compared with European and American prices they are cheap even if you also include a tip.
Ride hailing services are widely available across Cape Town, in particular Uber and Bolt. Bolt's prices are comparable to Uber's, but they pay their drivers slightly more.
Minibus taxis are used widely by locals but tourists are usually discouraged from using them, except for the Green Point - Sea Point - Clifton - Camps Bay route that is frequently used by tourists. They cover most of the Cape Town Metropolitan Area and are very cheap, however they can become very crowded and are definitely less safe than metered taxis due to their dangerous driver behavior.
Some minibus taxi operators have noticed the upsurge in the tourist market and are starting to provide safe and legal alternatives to the traditional minibus taxis. They are more expensive than traditional minibus taxis, but still far cheaper than metered taxis. No guarantee you'll get to your destination directly, but it is safe, fun, and all the drivers are characters. You may even meet supermodels going to their photo shoots or artists going to their studios, though statistically this is extremely unlikely. During the busy season you may have to wait a while and unfortunately, they do not take reservations.
An international standard rapid transit service in Cape Town, known as MyCiTi, runs from Cape Town Airport to the Cape Town CBD (City Bowl) and the Atlantic coastal suburbs.
MyCiTi. 04:30 to 22:00. This is the recommended service for tourists to the city and is comparable with the London Transport system in England. It is a bus rapid transit (BRT) system with dedicated lanes and stations, offboard fare collection, and level boarding, like rail. Smartcards cost R35. Then you load the fare, and you need to tap in once at a controlled access terminal gate or in the bus on regular bus stops. At the end of your journey, at regular stops you tap out in the out validator. When you step out into a controlled access terminal, you instead either tap out on the exit gate. If you change buses, you do not need to tap out and tap in again inside the connecting bus, but tap out at the end of your journey. You would think a redundant tap in or out would not be charged but the software is not smart enough. (updated Jun 2023)
Golden Arrow Bus Services. This is a network of affordable public buses that links up much of the Cape Town metropolitan area. Ask the driver where the bus is going to make sure you don’t end up somewhere else.
There are a number of motorbike and scooter hire services throughout Cape Town. Motorbikes and scooters are agile forms of transportation and will save you some coin compared to renting a car. However, unless you enjoy cycling on very mountainous terrain, tiny alleys and roads with high levels of traffic, it is not advisable to ride a bicycle to get around.
Cape Sidecar Adventures, 1 Dickens Road, Salt River, ☏ +27 21 4349855, fax: +27 21 4349860, info@sidecars.co.za. M-F 09:00-17:00, Sa 09:00-13:00. Sit in a personalised guided sidecar as you explore the sites of Cape Town. Caters to disabled passengers by attaching collapsible wheelchairs onto their sidecar.
Harley-Davidson Cape Town, Harbour Edge Building, 2 Hospital St, Green Point, ☏ +27 79 377 4464, +27 21 401 4260, trevor@hdcapetown.co.za. Riding a Harley is another great way of exploring the Cape. From R650 a day.
Yamaha Adventures, 36 Marine Drive, Paarden Eiland, ☏ +27 74 190 9977. Take a tour of the rugged Cape and the rest of Southern Africa on a Yamaha. Gear and accessories hire also available. (updated Nov 2017)
Cape Town has a commuter rail system called Metroraildead link, though it is the locals that primarily use it. They have put in a lot of work to improve comfort and safety on the trains though it doesn't match up with the best in the world. As such, it is advisable to go on first-class (MetroPlus). Cape Town's main station is located in the city centre on the corner of Strand and Adderley Street. The suburban network of lines is fairly good with over 120 stations. You can go on a picturesque ride to Simon's Town along the Cape Peninsula's east coast. Stay on the Simon's Town line and plan your itinerary so that you stop using the train after 18:30 or any time after it becomes dark.
Try to avoid carrying valuables during your train ride as they will be magnet for thieves. If it is necessary to bring a camera, stick to one that is small in size and well hidden. Wearing any type of jewellery visible to others is not a good idea as it can be snatched or ripped off you by a cunning thief. For your safety remember to always stay alert.
Colourful houses and mosque at the Bo-Kaap
Although the legislative capital of South Africa, Cape Town doesn't seem like part of Africa, in fact, the city provides a natural backdrop and Cape Dutch architecture.
Bo-Kaap (Malay Quarter). This neighbourhood, on a hilly area southwest of the city centre, is where historically Malay Muslim descendants of slaves had lived. It is a popular location to shoot films, since there are bright and colourful buildings, mosques. quaint streets, stunning views of Cape Town and delicious street food sold along the side. It is worth exploring the quarter for about an hour, and then visiting the Bo-Kaap Museum, showing how a wealthy Malay family lived during the 19th century. Within the quarter is Atlas Trading, an old-fashioned spice shop. Ask the manager to mix the spices you need for making the meal you want. About 1 km from the Bo-Kaap is the Noon Gun which is a cannon used as a time signal. At 12:00 from Monday to Saturday the cannons are fired, never ceasing to amaze the crowd of people watching. Go and see the brief ceremony that occurs before and during the shooting.
Castle of Good Hope, Cnr of Castle St and Darling St, ☏ +27 21 7871260, info@castleofgoodhope.co.za. 09:00-17:00 daily. Tours are offered Monday through Saturday at 11:00, 12:00 and 14:00. Horse and carriage rides are offered daily at 10:30, 12:45 and 14:45. Booking is necessary. Popularly called 'The Castle' by locals, it is the oldest surviving building in South Africa, having been built from 1666 to 1679. The castle displays a vast range of historical military equipment and tools, an art collection and the William Fehr Collection, which includes antique Cape Dutch furniture. Visitors can buy wine and eat at the café or restaurant within the Castle . R50 entrance fee for adults, R25 for children and pensioners. (updated Nov 2017)
City Hall. This beautiful Edwardian building, completed in 1905, is where Nelson Mandela made his first speech after his release from prison in 1990. It no longer hosts municipal offices, but instead functions as a venue for exhibitions and performances, including those of the Cape Town Philharmonic Orchestra. (updated Nov 2021)
Kirstenbosch National Botanical Garden, Rhodes Dr, Newlands, ☏ +27 21 7998899, +27 21 7998783, Kirstenboschinfo@SANBI.ORG.ZA. daily 08:00-18:00 (19:00 September to March). Guided tours depart from Gate 1 M-F at 10:00, 11:00 and 14:00 and Sa 10:00, and from Gate 2 at 11:00 M-F and Sa 10:00. See the beautiful and highly diverse flowers and plants of the Cape in one of the most stunning botanical gardens in the world. Plants from every South African bioregion are displayed. These include a huge baobab tree, rare succulents from the Richtersveld, as well as fascinating medicinal species. Several paths meander throughout the garden. There are also many restaurants, an indigenous nursery and a gift shop located here. At certain times of the year there are concerts and performances in the open air amphitheatre. There is art frequently on display, including large Shona stone sculptures from Zimbabwe. The gardens are also home to the National Biodiversity Institute. The garden is special because it changes dramatically every season. You will see different birds, new flowers, etc. In the summer, sunset concerts feature excellent international and local music acts in various genres. Enter early to find a good spot on the grass amphitheatre. Come along for a picnic and revel in the music of the Cape Philharmonic Orchestra, popular local artists and rock bands. R65 for adults, R15 for children.
dead link Rhodes Memorial, Rhodes Ave, Devil's Peak, ☏ +27 21 6899151, roy@rhodesmemorial.co.za. Built on the lower slopes of Devil's Peak, the memorial was designed in recognition of imperialist politician and business magnate Cecil Rhodes. The wooden bench that Rhodes used is placed under the memorial. This memorial is a wonderful spot to have a picnic. It is a starting point for the bike and hiking trails that head towards Devil's Peak, which have now become very popular. If you are eager to explore the nature and beauty in the area, make sure you are never alone and never carry valuables with you.
South African Houses of Parliament, Parliament St, Cape Town City Centre, ☏ +27 21 403-2266, tours@parliament.gov.za. Tours are offered M-F, but must be booked in advance. Cape Town is the legislative seat of South Africa (the presidential seat is in Pretoria while the judicial seat is in Bloemfontein). A tour of the Houses of Parliament will acquaint you with South Africa's modern history and political system. The tour includes visits to the National Assembly, the National Council of Provinces and the old apartheid-era assembly now only used for caucus and committee meetings. Tours are offered a few times per day in various languages. Free entrance and tours. (updated Nov 2017)
Two Oceans Aquarium, V&A Waterfront, ☏ +27 21 418-3823, aquarium@aquarium.co.za. 09:30-18:00. You can come and watch the sharks be fed every Sunday at 15:00. There is an extensive series of events calendar for each month. Scuba diving with the sharks is also offered. A walk around the aquarium takes about an hour. Adults R165, children (14-17) R120 and children (4-13) R80. (updated Nov 2017)
Victoria and Alfred Waterfront, ☏ +27 21 408-7600. 09:00-21:00 daily. A huge shopping and entertainment area in the harbour. It is very popular with tourists, because of the high density of shops, restaurants and amusement possibilities, like the Aquarium or the Marine Museum. Harbour tours and trips to Robben Island start from here, as well as helicopter flights to the Cape Peninsula. The V&A Waterfront has more or less full wheelchair access. (updated Nov 2017)
Cape Town Science Centre, 370B Main Road, Observatory, ☏ +27 21 300-3200, info@ctsc.org.za. M-Sa 09:00-16:30, Su 10:00-16:30. A world of discovery under one roof! Expect a wide variety of interactive displays and exciting activities for your enjoyment. Build a house in the exclusive 'kids only' Building Site, challenge your mind with Puzzling Things, experience weightlessness similar to that of space with a spin on the Human Gyroscope, play Mindball - the game where you control the ball with your brain waves and see and hear science in the Audio Kinetic Sculpture. R55 for adults and children. Students, pensioners and group discounts. (updated Oct 2017)
Nobel Square, 17 Dock Rd. Along the Victoria and Alfred Waterfront. Features sculptures of South Africa's Nobel Peace Prize winners including Albert Luthuli, Desmond Tutu, F. W. de Klerk and Nelson Mandela.
Bo-Kaap Museum, 71 Wale Street, Bo-Kaap, ☏ +27 21 481-3939, info@iziko.org.za. M-Sa 10:00-17:00. Located in a home dating from the 1760s, the museum offers an insight into the cultural life of the Muslim community of the Bo-Kaap area in Cape Town. R20 entrance fee. (updated Nov 2017)
District Six Museum, 25A Buitenkant St, ☏ +27 21 466-7200, info@districtsix.co.za. M-Sa 09:00-16:00. District Six is an area near downtown Cape Town which remained multiracial well into the 1960s against all attempts by the government to declare it a "white only" area. Eventually the residents were all evicted and the buildings were bulldozed. The area remains uninhabited. The museum provides information about the area, the eviction, the Group Areas Act, and the people who used to live there. The director of the museum is a former resident. There is a small bookstore with an excellent selection of books on South Africa's history, District Six and apartheid. R40, R70 with a guide. (updated Jun 2023)
Groot Constantia, Groot Constantia Estate, Constantia, ☏ +27 21 794-5128, enquiries@grootconstantia.co.za. Daily 09:00-18:00. Tours depart hourly from 10:00 until 16:00. One of the oldest wine estates in South Africa and well worth the fee for the internal tour and wine tasting. R75 wine tasting. R100 for a wine tasting and a guided tour. (updated Nov 2017)
Slave Lodge, cnr Adderley and Wale Streets, ☏ +27 21 460-8240, info@iziko.org.za. M-F 10:00-17:00. One of the oldest buildings in Cape Town which houses a social history museum. Adults R30; children, students and seniors R15. (updated Nov 2017)
South African Jewish Museum, 88 Hatfield Street, ☏ +27 21 464-1267, info@sajewishmuseum.co.za. Su-Th 10:00-17:00; F 10:00-14:00. The museum about this small community that has made large contributions in South African society and bringing down Apartheid. The museum is about Jews but non-Jews will find it very interesting and informative. R60 adults, R30 students. (updated Nov 2017)
Maritime Centre, Union Castle Building, V&A Waterfront, ☏ +27 21 405 2880, jboshoff@iziko.org.za. Daily 10:00-17:00. The museum documents the lives of the early seafarers voyaging around the Cape of Good Hope. Small craft, locally made and various maritime artifacts are also showcased. The huge model ships are the highlight of the museum. Adults R20; children, students and seniors R10. (updated Nov 2017)
South African National Gallery, Government Avenue, Gardens, ☏ +27 21 467-4660, info@iziko.org.za. Daily 10:00-17:00. Located in the Gardens area of Cape Town off Government Ave (about a 20-minute walk from downtown). Contains extensive displays of South African art, and information on the history of censorship of art during apartheid. Adults R30; children, students and seniors R15. (updated Nov 2017)
Galleria Gibello, Rosevilla, 23 Welgemeend Street Gardens, ☏ +27 72 143 4503. by appointment. Galleria Gibello is a photo gallery that is filled with visually captivating moments of life on the African continent.
Zeitz Museum of Contemporary African Art (MOCAA), V&A Waterfront, ☏ +27 87 350 4777, info@zeitzmocaa.museum.  daily, last admission . Established in 2017 as the largest museum of contemporary African art in the world. Built out of an old grain silo that was decommissioned in 2001. Adults; R 190, Children under 18; free. (updated Mar 2019)
Artscape Theatre, D F Malan Street, Foreshore, Cape Town, ☏ +27 21 421-7695, artscape@artscape.co.za.
Baxter Theatre, Baxter Theatre Centre, Main Road, Rondebosch, ☏ +27 21 685-7880, linda.louw@uct.ac.za. Theatre performances, comedy, jazz and others.
Labia Theatre, 68 Orange Street, Gardens, ☏ +27 21 424-5927, labiatheatre@labia.co.za. Has an African screen showing African-made and African-oriented films all year round.
West coast of the Cape Peninsula
The easiest way to get an overview on things to do, nice restaurants, clubs, tours etc. is to walk into one of the visitors centres which are in several areas (V&A Waterfront, City Bowl, Green Point, etc.)
Cable Car to the top of Table Mountain (Table Mountain Aerial Cableway), Lower Cable Station, Tafelberg Road (take a free MyCiTi Bus 100 from the bottom of the hill to Upper Tafelberg 1.), ☏ +27 21 424-0015 (general info), +27 21 424-8181 (weather info), toll-free: +27, info@tablemountain.net. 07:00-22:00 (usually 08:30), last car down varies: 21:30 during high season to 18:00 in mid winter. One-way and return cable car ticket available. Closed for annual maintenance 25 July - 28 August 2022. Wheelchair accessible throughout, with a separate lift entrance and friendly staff will help accessibility visitors. Weather conditions at the top of the mountain are not the same as at the bottom so always take something warm to wear when going up the mountain, even if it is a nice toasty 30˚C at the bottom of the mountain. Wear sunblock and carry a water bottle (there is also a free drinking fountain at the top near the cable station). There is a cafe with a limited range of snacks, coffee, beer and wine at the top. Table Mountain is the home of a small animal, the rock rabbit (known locally as the 'Dassie') whose closest relative, DNA-wise, is the elephant, and you can see them running around on the rocks at the top of the mountain. It's recommended going on the last car up which ranges from 17:00 (winter) and 20:30 (summer). There is a sunset special price every afternoon, and is R150 after 18:00 for local residents during December season. Students pay R180 return; just bring your student card for proof and purchase ticket at the station. There is a great website for pre-purchase of tickets. R100 return for senior citizens. Free entrance on your birthday week for South Africans; just bring your local ID book. R330 return ticket (bought before 13:00), R290 (bought after 13:00), or R190 for one way; tickets for children and senior citizens R100 return, student special R180 return, R150 after 18:30 summer schedule return for local residents. (updated Aug 2022)
Climbing Table Mountain. Platteklip Gorge is the most accessible and therefore the most popular route for climbing up Table Mountain. You start from Tafelberg Road and proceed up a steep gully to the top of Table Mountain. It's a steep two hours but well worth the effort and you can jump in the cable car back down to spare your knees. The cable car does not operate in strong winds so you need to check before departing. Remember to take water, sunblock, a hat and jacket. Climbing the mountain in the heat is a grueling task. But clouds can appear unannounced and the temperature then plummets. Poorly equipped hikers often have to be rescued. Although it is very steep this route is extremely popular and you are guaranteed to meet many people on the way up and down. The gorge is shaded in the afternoon but earlier in the day it can be extremely hot with very little shade. Most of the route involves rock steps which can be challenging and many people find coming down even harder than going up. Don't underestimate the time and energy required for the downward section of this hike. Wear appropriate hiking shoes. Leave plenty of time to get down before dark. As this is a well known route and easy accessible, many inexperienced hikers attempt the climb. Take care, or consider a guide. Meridian Hiking Club welcomes visitors on its organized hikes led by experienced climbers. There's a R20 daily charge per person. (updated Nov 2017)
Cape Peninsula. Go to the Cape of Good Hope via Simon's Town and the African penguin colony at Boulders. Visit Cape Point in the Table Mountain National Park, maybe have lunch there before taking a hike in a quieter part of the reserve to immerse yourself in the essence of the landscape. Then take a scenic drive along Chapman's Peak Drive (if it is open) through Hout Bay and along the Atlantic seaboard via Llandudno and Camps Bay, stopping off at one of Clifton's famous four beaches. (updated Nov 2017)
Swimming. Beaches on the False Bay side of the peninsula are the most popular with swimmers as the water is warmer. St James has the most picturesque tidal pool on the stretch between Muizenberg and Kalk Bay, while Clovelly and Fish Hoek beaches wrap around a sheltered bay with soft, white sands. Fishing boats, hobie cats and kayaks launch from here too. Brave hearts can sun-worship and swim naked in the freezing water of the isolated and breathtaking nudist beach Sandy Bay near Llandudno. Major spot for gay tourists as well. There's a 1½ km walk down from the parking lot. Camps Bay and Clifton also have great beaches to visit if you want to try the chillier waters of the west coast.
Surfing. Cape Town is one of the best places to surf. Muizenberg is a good place for beginners to learn to surf, Gary offers reasonably priced lessons from a shop facing the beach. Don't forget that the False Bay area (where Muizenberg is located in addition to Kalk Bay and Fish Hoek) is known for its sharks! If you're an experienced surfer, try the reef break at Kalk Bay, Outer Kom near Kommetjie or Misty Cliffs on the coast road near Scarborough. You could head up the west coast and sample Milnerton, Table View or Big Bay, although Big Bay is often crowded with people kitesurfing due to the windy conditions. When the swell is really cranking, the big wave surfers gather at Dungeons, near Hout Bay, for some of the biggest surfable waves in the world. (updated Nov 2017)
Kite surfing. Cape Town is one of the most popular kite surfing destinations in the world. The two oceans combined with the windy conditions make for a great kite surfing experience. Some of the most popular kite surfing hot spots are Dolphin Beach in Blouberg Strand, Muizenberg and Langebaan Lagoon. (updated Nov 2017)
Rugby Union: Stormers play in the United Rugby Championship, the European professional league, with a playing season Oct-March. Their home ground is Cape Town Stadium, capacity 58,300.
Cricket:  Newlands, 146 Campground Rd, ☏ +27 21 657 2004. Overlooked by Table Mountain and Devil's Peak, this scenic ground hosts Test matches and is home to Western Province and MI Cape Town teams. Its capacity is 20,000. (updated Oct 2023)
Golf: there's over a dozen courses around the city. Two notable examples are Steenberg GC in Tokai to the south, and Clovelly in Fish Hoek further south.
Winelands. Tour the beautiful Constantia Valley wine estates Groot Constantia, Buitenverwagting, Klein Constantia and Constantia Uitsig before checking out the Cape Winelands around Stellenbosch, Paarl and Franschhoek. Stellenbosch has the added attraction of being an historical university town and Franschhoek, well established as the food capital of the Cape, is home to three of the country's top ten restaurants. The views are extraordinary. Have a drink and a snack at Dieu Donne estate for an unsurpassable vista of the entire valley, or take your own picnic to the top of a little hill they have by the parking area. Most wineries charge for a tasting session, but usually refund it on a purchase. It's right next to the botanical garden. (updated Nov 2017)
Sunset cruise. On visiting Cape Town take the opportunity for a sunset cruise from one of the services lined up along the V&A dockside. Well worth seeing the sunset but also the view back towards the town and Table Mountain from the sea. Some tours include free wine and drinks, so you can get your sun-downer in as well. If you're lucky you may also see dolphins.
Ama Feesh Charters, ☏ +27 21 788-9689, info@amafeesh.co.za. Per charter, R4500 for inshore fishing, R6500 for offshore fishing, 1 to 6 people.
Cape Charters, 31 Antigua, The Water Club, Granger Bay, ☏ +27 21 418-0782, info@capecharters.co.za.
Hooked on Africa, Harbour Rd, Hout Bay Harbour, ☏ +27 83 4603963, +27 21 7905332, sean@hookedonafrica.co.za. Tuna fishing charter that also offers boating excursions. If it's your lucky day, you'll catch a yellowfin.
Millers Point & Simonstown - on the way to Cape Point, ☏ +27 83 235 9550, rob@sportfishing.co.za. contact Rob Naysmith from R4,000 per boat (4 pax) per day in False Bay to R5,000 for Tuna.
dead link SABP Tours, ☏ +27 21 426-2838, fax: +27 21 426-0201, info@sabptours.com. SABP Tours offers a diving opportunity to witness the great white shark.
Main topic: Diving the Cape Peninsula and False Bay
On the way to a dive off Cape Town
The sharks at Two Oceans are fed every Sunday, so diving visitors don't serve as desserts
Cape Town is at the meeting spot of the Atlantic and the Indian Ocean. Because of the Benguela Current the Atlantic Ocean is relatively cold (about 8°C to 14°C). The Indian Ocean is warmer (12°C to 17°C), and here you can see more colourful fish. The official border between the two oceans is at Cape Agulhas, but currents and eddies take the warmer water further west and these waters can reach the eastern side of the Cape Peninsula in False Bay, so from a diving point of view, the Cape Peninsula may be considered the interface between the two marine biological regions, and there is a notable difference in character between the waters of the two coasts of the peninsula. This manifests itself in the different range of marine life found on the two coasts. These regions are the South Western Cape inshore bioregion to the west of Cape Point, and the Agulhas inshore bioregion to the east of Cape Point.
The waters around the Cape Peninsula have been declared a Marine Protected Area (MPA). Permits are required to Scuba dive in any Marine Protected Area. This is a politically controversial issue due to disputes on whether due process was followed and whether the government department exceeded its authority, but the consequence is that a tax is imposed on all Scuba divers who dive in an MPA. The permit (valid for 1 year) may be purchased for R75 (2009) at a some branches of the Post Office, or a temporary permit valid for 1 month may be purchased at most dive shops.
Failure to present this permit when requested by an official of MCM may lead to harassment and possible arrest.
Detailed information and suggestions on local conditions, service providers and more than 250 local dive sites is provided in the guide to Diving the Cape Peninsula and False Bay.
If the open ocean does not appeal to you, the Two Oceans Aquarium also offer diving opportunities in their  million-litre tank.
Diving at Two Oceans Aquarium, ☏ +27 21 418-3823, dive@aquarium.co.za. 09:00, 11:00 and 13:00 daily. You must hold a recognised diving certification, specifically a minimum Open Water 1 qualification and present it when you arrive. Swim along with the sharks, guitar fish, bass, bull rays and turtles. The dive masters are kind and knowledgeable and will accompany you into the aquarium ready to fend off the sharks with his broomstick should they become cuddly. Dive time is around 30 minutes. For advanced divers, the Kelp forest tank puts you into the water with more and bigger local reef fish than you will see in the sea. R870 (R660 if you bring your own diving gear), this includes the R70 aquarium entrance fee. (updated Nov 2017)
There are many organized events in Cape Town throughout the year. An official calendar of events is available from Cape Town Tourism.
Cape Argus Cycle Tour, ☏ +27 21 685-6551, info@cycletour.co.za. March every year. Total distance is 109 km (68 mi). Start in downtown, cycle down the eastern side of the peninsula, past Simon's Town and back up the western side of the peninsula. Entrance fee is R250 for entrants on the African continent or the equivalent of €50 everyone else. If you are not involved in or interested in cycling, avoid Cape Town on this weekend, as it is almost impossible to go anywhere as so many roads are closed.
The Two Oceans Marathon route takes in the Chapmans Peak Drive.
Two Oceans Marathon, ☏ +27 21 671-9407, entries@twooceansmarathon.org.za. On Easter Saturday each year. An Ultra marathon (56 km), a half marathon (21 km) and a number of fun runs ranging from a 56m Nappy Dash to a 8 km walk or run. Maximum 10 000 entrance accepted per year per race distance (fun runs excluded). There is a pricing scale for each of the runs. The Ultra Marathon, R190 for South African residents, R300 for the rest of Africa and R555 for the rest of the world. The Half Marathon, R125 of South African residents, R215 for the rest of Africa and R335 for the rest of the world. The Fun Runs are priced from R10 to R20.
Cape Town Jazz Festival, Cape Town International Convention Centre, ☏ +27 21 422-5651. Normally held during late March.
Cape Town Minstrel Carnival, Marches throughout the city ending at Green Point Stadium. Usually New Years day and a couple of days later during January. Also known as the Kaapse Klopse, these brightly dressed singers and dancers spend months preparing for this annual event.
Kirstenbosch Summer Sunset Concerts (Kirstenbosch Gardens Concert Stage), Kirstenbosch Botanical Gardens Concert Stage, Rhodes Dr, Newlands, ☏ +27 21 7998783. late Nov to early April: Su 17:30-18:30. A picnic style concert, so bring a blanket and a picnic basket. Children under 6 years do not require a ticket. All concerts take place irrespective of rain. Regret no refunds are issued. The Kirstenbosch concerts are completely non-smoking events. There will be no designated smoking areas. Gates to the concert area open at 16h00 (On New Year’s Eve, gates open at 19h00). R170-R220.
Mother City Queer Project, info@mcqp.co.za. Sometime during December each year. Biggest gay and lesbian party of the year. R100 to R350. The earlier you buy a ticket the cheaper it is.
First Thursdays (First Thursdays Projects), City of Cape Town, info@thursdaysprojects.co.za. 6PM - 8PM or late. On the first Thursday of every month, walk between the galleries, restaurants and shops of Cape Town and Johannesburg until late.Discover the best things to see and places to go on First Thursdays. First Thursdays was started in Cape Town in 2012, and in Johannesburg in 2015. Inspired by similar initiatives in other cities around the world, the monthly event, taking place on the first Thursday of every month, is centred around a primary programme of art galleries and cultural attractions that are open to the public until late. The initiative is equally about access to the arts as it is about injecting life into our urban spaces after hours. Walk around the streets of Cape Town and visit galleries and restaurants who all have specials on the night. free. (updated Aug 2022)
Big Five Cape Town safaris are becoming increasingly popular. There are many safari game reserves with in 2 hours drive from Cape Town which is a great option if you don’t want to venture too far from the city.
There are many hiking trails in and around the city, from short walks to multi day hikes.
The Cape of Good Hope Trail, Cape Town, ☏ +27 21 780-9204, reservations@sanparks.org. Cape of Good Hope in the Table Mountain National Park, 34 km, 2 Days. R88.
Hoerikwaggo Table Mountain Trail, Cape Town, ☏ +27 21 465-8515, reservations@sanparks.org. 3-day, non-strenuous, luxury trail through the city, botanical gardens and Table Mountain National Park. R635 per day.
The Orangekloof Hiking Trail, Cape Town, ☏ +27 21 465-8515, reservations@sanparks.org. 6 days, Cape Point to Table Mountain. R420.
Table Mountain (Starting point is 1½ km past the Lower Cable Station on Tafelberg Road). Always open, but you might want to start early enough to catch the last cable car down. 3 km (all uphill), 1 to 3 hours, Platteklip Gorge to the Upper Cable Station. No fees are charged.
Chapman's Peak Noordhoek, 2–3 hours non-strenuous with breathtaking views of Hout Bay and Noordhoek and rich flora, especially proteas.
The Amphitheatre in the Kalk Bay mountains. 3 hours. Start at the sign on scenic Boyes Drive and climb up towards the rocks above which are peppered with scores of caves, many of which are not recommended for novice cavers so be careful. Take a torch. Follow the right forks in the trail and you'll be rewarded with increasingly spectacular views of False Bay. Head straight up through Echo Valley and through an ancient milkwood grove. Come back the same way if you don't have detailed directions. No permit required.
Cape Town has a very good network of trails to suit every level of fitness. Many of these trace the contours of the mountain and wander through the protea bushes and fynbos, often with breathtaking views. Many require no permit, although most of Cape Town's reserves have entrance fees. Hiking in a group is strongly recommended. The outdoor store Cape Union Mart has a hiking club with organized group hikes most weekends. Pick up a programme at one of their stores. You must phone the hike-leader first and pay R10.
Paradise Touring, ☏ +27 21 713-1020, info@paratour.co.za. For guided walks up the mountain with a botanical guide.
Cape Eco-Tours, ☏ +27 82 460-4847, info@cape-ecotours.co.za. A good one for twitchers to use and is a member of Bird Life South Africa.
Trax Tours, ☏ +27 73 495-6115, taynetrax@gmail.com. Guided hiking and cycle tours in Franschoek and Stellenbosch, including wine tasting.
Meridian Hiking Club, ☏ +27 82 498-0361, meridian@meridian.org.za. This club organizes hikes ranging from easy day walks to strenuous rock scrambles on the mountain and multi-day hikes. Look up the calendar on the web site for details of current hikes. It is very popular with tourists. R20 per person (or R144 annual membership).
Cape Town Helicopter Tours, V&A Waterfront, ☏ +27 72 327-2840, info@cape-town-helicopter-tours.com. Helicopter Wine Tours Western Cape, visit, Stellenbosch, Franschhoek and or Paarl from Cape Town.
NAC Helicopters, East Pier Road, V&A Waterfront, ☏ +27 21 425-3868, bookings@naccapetown.com. Offers chartered and private chopper rides.
Sport Helicopters, 3 East Pier Road, V&A Waterfront, ☏ +27 21 419 5907, info@sporthelicopters.co.za. 8AM-5PM. For scenic flights around the mountain, Huey flights, wine farm transfers.
ThunderCity, Cape Town international Airport, ☏ +27 21 934-8007, info@thundercity.com. Go supersonic in a fighter jet. You need endless pockets.
Skydive Cape Town, Cape Town, ☏ +27 82 800-6290, bookings@skydivecapetown.za.net. One of the most scenic dropzones in the world, a 30 minutes drive up the R27 just after Melkbos.
Para-Taxi (Tandem Paraglide), Signal Hill Rd, ☏ +27 82 966-2047, info@para-taxi.com. Paraglide over the Cape while being securely strapped to a professional pilot. Lovers of height will be blown away. Flights are also provided to the disabled. R1350.
Gravity Adventure Group, ☏ +27 21 683-3698, adventure@gravity.co.za. Provides training (African Paddling Association approved) as well sea kayaking in the West Coast National Park.
Kaskazi Kayaks, 179 Beach Road, Three Anchor Bay (Take MyCiTi Bus 104 to Three Anchors), ☏ +27833461146, toll-free: +2721813 9307, info@kayak.co.za. 7AM - 5:30PM. Guided sea kayak trips, twice a day from Seapoint. ZAR450. (updated Jan 2020)
Waterfront Boat Company, Quay 4, V&A Waterfront, ☏ +27 21 418-5806, glynis@waterfrontboats.co.za. Take a relaxing sunset cruise on the Condor to Greenpoint and back or do the champagne cruise. One to one and a half hours. R90 to R190.
Tigger 2 Charters, ☏ +27 21 418-0241, tigger@netactive.co.za. From R180 to R720 per person depending on cruise.
Jolly Roger Pirate Ship, Jolly Roger Pirate Boat, Quay 5, V&A Waterfront, ☏ +27214210909, info@yacoobyachts.co.za. The Jolly Roger is the only authentic pirate ship in South Africa, departs from the V&A Waterfront at popular times.The Jolly Roger is able to sail in most weather conditions, normally at 11:00 (on weekends), 13:00, 15:00, 17:00 and 18:00. Must arrive early for boarding. Bookings to be made online here, or direct on arrival. from R100 per child and R150 per adult in winter, to R220. (updated Aug 2022)
The townships are the places where people were forced to live (based on race) under the apartheid regime. To some extent townships continue to retain their apartheid-era racial make-up, for a variety of reasons. Townships have also grown to cover far larger areas of land than in the apartheid days. This is a result of urbanization, especially over the past 10–15 years. Touring a township may seem strange, even inappropriate, but it is a good way to learn about South Africa's history, and the poverty that many people continue to live in. People in the townships are friendly and the children love visitors. Some townships however can be dangerous (see the warning on the South Africa page) so don't go alone unless you know what you're doing. The townships tours are safe. If you want to bring sweets or gifts for the children, it is best not to give it directly to them, but to give it to the tour guide who will distribute them later.
Tours can be booked directly or through one of Cape Town's many booking agencies. Tours run once or twice per day. Be aware that if you're given the chance to try some township food, that a 'walkie-talkie' is often made from the feet and beaks of poultry. The very best way to see a township is by foot and to stay overnight at one of the many township B&Bs.
There are several tour companies which offer tours.
African Experience, 70 Loyolo Street, Kayamandi, ☏ +27 21 889-5562, awaa@webmail.co.za.
Andulela Tours, ☏ +27 21-790-2592, info@andulela.com. Offers a variety of different tours, including jazz, soccer, poetry, and culinary tours. Their emphasis is on meeting people, not looking at them.
Cape Fusion Tours, Oranjezicht, ☏ +27 21 461-2437, info@capefusion.co.za. Offers hands-on African cooking experiences in Langa at a local cooking school. This gives you an insight into the culture, the people and their cuisine.
Kwathabeng Tours, 1 Mocke St Dieprivier, ☏ +27 21 829-6166, alex@kwathabeng.co.za. Township Tavern Tours.
Langa Heritage Walk, Lenotholi Avenue, Langa, ☏ +27 21 695-0093, khanyisok@yahoo.com.
Luhambo Tours, Cape Town, Milnerton, ☏ +27 21 551-0467, info@luhambotours.com. Specialised in township tours (Gugulethu and Khayelitsha) and wine tours.
Sam's Cultural Tours, 45 Mshumpela Way, Langa, ☏ +27 21 694-6370, ntimba@telkomsa.net.
Sipunzi's Black Cultural Township Tours, 1818 Makhaza Khayelitsha, ☏ +27 82 769-7072, khayelitsha@tourismcapetown.co.za.
Daytrippers, ☏ +27 21 511-4766, info@daytrippers.co.za.
There are a number of small nature reserves in and around Cape Town.
Koeberg Nuclear Power Station and Nature Reserve, Melkbos, consists of 3000-hectare buffer zone around the power station has been converted to a nature reserve with Bontebok, Genet, Steenbok and many other antelope.
Table Mountain National Park forms part of the Cape Floristic Region UNESCO World Heritage Site. The park covers a large area of the Cape and incorporates a number of park areas. Most of it is free access; the only places you need to pay are at the Cape of Good Hope, Silvermine and Boulders.
Cape Town has some of the world's best wine producing vineyards and maybe the world's most scenically stunning on its doorstep. The wine regions of Stellenbosch, Franschhoek and Paarl are all with in an easy hours drive, these historic and lush regions offer stunning views and world class wine tastings. You can self-drive but this come with limitations, often the best farms are closed to the public and then there is the drinking and driving issue. The best value and safest way to see the winelands is to trust your day to a dedicated wine tour company.
With South African wines becoming more and more popular worldwide, the number of tourists who visit Cape Town to learn more about the local wines is growing. The impressive variety of vineyards in Cape Town and the surrounding Cape Winelands make the choice which one to visit and which wine to taste very difficult. It is always a good idea to rely on one of the established wine tour operators. Guests should insist on a specialised guide with a thorough knowledge of South African wines.
Taste the Cape Travel and Tours cc, Kirstenhof, ☏ +27 798 120 220, info@tastethecape.co.za. A tour company specialising in wine and food tours with a registered tour guide.
Mostly you will see Southern right whales, but on occasion you might also spot humpback and killer whales. Bottlenose and dusky dolphins also frequent False Bay.
The Southern Right whales visit each year between June & November to mate and calve.
From viewpoints next to the coastal road between Fish Hoek- Sunny Cove railway station through Glen Cairn to Simon's Town one can often spot whales less than 100 m from shore.
At Cape Point whales can often be seen passing below.
A number of operators also offer Whale Watching Cruises.
Simon's Town Boat Company (from the town pier), ☏ +27 83 257-7760. The sole permit holder for boat based whale watching in False Bay (Permit No. 0806336). R750 per adult (2012 prices).
Waterfront Boat Company, Shop 5 Quay, V&A Waterfront, ☏ +27 21 418-5806, glynis@waterfrontboats.co.za. 3 to 4 hour cruise in the bay and you are almost guaranteed to spot whales. R350.
Dyer Island Cruises, Gansbaai, ☏ +27 28 384-0406, info@adventureticket.co.za. R450-720.
Labia Theatre, 65 Orange street Gardens, ☏ +27 21-4245927. An old-school cinema which has been open for more than 65 years. R 50 pp. (updated Jul 2018)
Cape Town's medical research is world-renowned, and Groote Schuur hospital is where Christiaan Barnard and Hamilton Naki performed the world's first heart transplant.
There are several language schools in the greater Cape Town area. Schools provide a very rigorous schedule of intense study (typically 20 lessons per week or more). Shop around before you make your choice. Choose a school which is part of accreditation associations like IALC (International Association of Language Centres) or other certificate that ensure quality.
Ailola Cape Town, 1st Floor, 4 Regent Rd, Sea Point, ☏ +27-21-439-9834, fax: +27-21-434-3267, info@ailolacapetown.com. Founded in 1998. The English school is located in the pleasant and safe district Sea Point. Besides English courses, the school offers Cambridge, TOEFL, IELTS and LCCI certification preparation courses and volunteering programs. The classes are held in one of 9 classrooms in a modern building with panoramic views on Signal Hill and Table Mountain. The school arranges accommodation and activities for its students, too. (updated Nov 2017)
University of Cape Town (UCT), Rhodes Drive, Rondebosch, ☏ +27 21 650-2128, fax: +27 21 650-5189, admissions@bremner.uct.ac.za. July school will open two-weeks courses in the end of June. Being a student there and living in the UCT campus is a safe way for newcomers to get used to Cape Town and South Africa.
University of the Western Cape (UWC), Modderdam Road, Bellville, ☏ +27 21 959-3900.
Cape Peninsula University of Technology, Keizergracht Road, ☏ +27 21 959-6121, info@cput.ac.za.
Cape Town is an excellent place to learn to sail, with courses completed here recognized internationally and costs far lower than what you can expect to pay in more developed countries.
Good Hope Sailing Academy, ☏ +27 21 424-4665, ghsa@iafrica.com. SAS and RYA accredited courses.
Yachtmaster Sailing School, Based at Royal Cape Yacht Club, Langebaan and Saldanha Bay, ☏ +27 21 788-1009, skipper@yachtmaster.co.za. RYA accredited.
Also check out nearby towns such as Hout Bay
Cape Town is a hub for all forms of dancing, from African dance to ballroom & Latin American to modern dancing, ballet and swing. There is a school of dance at the University of Cape Town, where you can obtain an international dance qualification at a relatively affordable price.
UCT School of Dance, ☏ +27 21 650-2398, Angie.Pearson@uct.ac.za. Bachelor of Music (Dance), Dance Teacher's Diploma.
Phoenix Dance Company, William Dabs Street, Brackenfell, ☏ +27 73 509-3887, phoenixdanceco@gmail.com. International/Standard Competitive & Social American/Smooth Ballroom & Latin Syllabus.
The V&A Waterfront is the prime tourist destination for souvenirs, though these tend to be typically touristy (i.e. expensive and not necessarily authentic). More authentic curios for better prices can be found every Sunday at the Green Point market outside the Green Point
Stadium on Sundays, in walking distance from the V&A Waterfront. Many of these same curios can be purchased during the week in the several multi-story shops at the lower end of Long Street. For the real deal with authentic artifacts complete with provenance and ethnographic background, go to Church Street where there are a couple of shops but be prepared for sticker shock. When buying African Curio, the price at open markets are almost always very negotiable and seldom does the item have a price sticker attached. People with foreign accents are often quoted twice to three times the price they sell to locals, so do negotiate.
Green Market Square, 54 Shortmarket Street. Originally a Farmers' Market dating back to 1710, Green Market is today one of the city's best flea markets. There's a range of local arts, craft and curios on offer and the vendors expect to bargain for their wares.
If you like South African wine, buy it here (or anywhere in South Africa) before you leave, because it is much cheaper and there is more availability than overseas. Top guide to wines is the John Platter's Guide, with a few others around too, and with thousands of wines available from the region, you will need a guide (see below for shops that have knowledgeable staff). Read Wine magazine (or the iconoclastic Grape) for the latest information.
Caroline's Fine Wines, V&A Waterfront and 15 Long Street in the City Centre, ☏ +27 21 419-8984. Better selection and more knowledgeable staff. City Centre location recommended, but both are excellent. Foam inserts and boxes for international shipping or for checking with your luggage (safe!) Not cheap though, compared to supermarkets and wineries.
Vaughan Johnson's Wine Shop, Dock Road, V&A Waterfront, ☏ +27 21 419-2121, vjohnson@mweb.co.za. Quality selection but not exhaustive. Knowledgeable staff. Generally substantial (10-20%) markup over winery prices but of course more convenient.
Wine Concepts, Cardiff Castle Building, cnr Main Street & Kildare Road, Newlands (Southern Suburbs), ☏ +27 21 671-9030, sales@wineconcepts.co.za. Another great wine shop, certainly the best outside the City Bowl. A franchised location is on Kloof Street in the Lifestyle Centre.
Ultra. A large South African liquor chain. Several locations around the city, the one in Green Point is the most accessible to tourists. A warehouse bottle store but with a remarkable wine selection across all price ranges. Case discount (even on mixed cases). Good if you want to stock up for a road trip. Stash a bottle of Amarula Cream in your backpack while you're at it. Great prices -- in fact, often cheaper than at the wine farms themselves.
Distinctively Capetonian in character—are everywhere, from chickens made of plastic bags to bead and wire work to pottery, glass and embroidery. If you don't buy a chicken from a Rastafarian at a street corner (the authentic experience—about R30 depending on the size), then try Heartworks (Kloof Street or in Gardens Centre mall) or the Red Shed at the V&A Waterfront. There is also a high-end craft boutique in the Cape Quarter in De Waterkant.
Contemporary South African art has been riding a big wave in the international art world. It is on par with the best in the world and undervalued (unless you buy a William Kentridge). If you like real art as opposed to curios, crafts or posters, and you have the budget for it, there are several serious galleries in town. Try Michael Stevenson Gallery first, then Joao Ferreira Gallery, AVA Gallery or Bell-Roberts Gallery, and there are several others worth seeing. Artvark in Kalkbay is a treasure trove of modern local art at a variety of price points. Art South Africa is the art magazine to read if you want to know about the artists, and the adverts list the shows and the galleries.
As in any large city you will find a number of major shopping malls with the requisite department sized stores and chain labels:
Blue Route Mall, cnr Tokai and Keyser River Roads, Tokai, ☏ +27 21 713-2360, broute@iafrica.com.
Cavendish Square, Vineyard Road, Claremont, ☏ +27 21 657-5620, information@cavendish.co.za. M-Sa 09:00-19:00, Su 10:00-17:00.
Constantia Village, cnr Constantia Main and Spaanschemacht River Roads, Constantia, ☏ +27 21 794-5065, info@constantiavillage.com.
Kenilworth Centre, cnr Doncaster and Chichester Roads, Kenilworth, ☏ +27 21 671-5054.
Maynard Mall, cnr Main and Wetton Roads, Wynberg, ☏ +27 21 797-1714.
N1 City, Louwtjie Rothman Drive (off Monte Vista Boulevard), Goodwood, ☏ +27 21 595-1170.
Tyger Valley, cnr Bill Bezuidenhout and Willie van Schoor Avenues, Bellville, ☏ +27 21 914-1822. M-Sa 09:00-19:00, Su 09:00-17:00.
Victoria & Alfred Waterfront, Breakwater Road, Cape Town, ☏ +27 21 408-7600. 10:00-21:00 every day. Has a Pick N Pay supermarket.
dead link Golden Acre Shopping Centre, 11 Adderley Street. 09:00-18:09. many low prices shops and places to eat right in down town cape town. has a Pep Clothing/shoe Store (updated Mar 2016)
Canal Walk Shopping Centre, Century City Boulevard, ☏ +27 215299699. 9AM-9PM. Cape Town’s largest shopping centre has over 400 stores. (updated Feb 2021)
Pick N Pay, 58 Strand street, ☏ +27 21-4181118. 08:00-19:00. (updated Mar 2016)
Shoprite, 11 Adderley Street, ☏ +27 21-4647160. 08:00-18:00. (updated Mar 2016)
Spar, 27 Somerset Road Green Point, ☏ +27 21-4180360. 08:00-20:00. (updated Mar 2016)
Checkers, Kloof Steet Gardens, ☏ +27 21-4805680. 08:00-19:00. (updated Mar 2016)
Pep stores (Golden Acre shopping mall). 08:00-19:00. low cost clothing and shoes. (updated Aug 2016)
This page uses the following price ranges for a typical meal for one, including soft drink:
View over Greenpoint from the Revolving Restaurant in the Ritz Hotel.
Food in Cape Town is generally of high quality. The wines are much celebrated, but the surrounding region is also a major fruit producer, and the Karoo lamb is widely regarded. Seafood caught locally is superlative, but ironically much of it goes internationally (e.g., tuna for sushi) because of the prices that can be achieved. Ask about the local linefish—yellowtail, cape salmon, kingklip, cod and others are great eating. Oysters in season are also exceptional, farmed and wild from Knysna or wild flown in from Namibia.
As one of the main tourist spots is the V&A Waterfront, you will find a broad range of restaurants, but they are often crowded and expensive. The area around Kloof St has many cafés and restaurants, as well as Long Street (frequented by a multi-ethnic clientèle), while the trendy area of De Waterkant between Bo Kaap and Green Point above Somerset Road also boasts good food and a great vibe. Dine with supermodels and other beautiful people in Camps Bay, which has many hip eateries and nightspots overlooking the beach along Victoria Road.
Farther afield, Hout Bay on the west side of the Cape Peninsula is very good for fresh crayfish (lobsters - they have become quite expensive, around R300, though). Kalk Bay on the east side of the peninsula offers a big variety of fresh fish, do check out The Brass Bell. The restaurants in nearby Simon's Town are also good.
Do not neglect the Cape Winelands for food if you have a car. In Stellenbosch, Spier has several restaurants, including the fun, afro-chic Moyo, and many wine estates offer food of different types and quality. The village of Franschhoek is the culinary navel of the wine region, with Le Quartier Francais a perennial five-star winner, but only one of many excellent restaurants. In the Constantia Valley there are a number of great restaurants including Pastis Brasserie, Wasabi, The River Cafe, La Colombe and the Constantia Uitsig Restaurant.
Make sure you know what the price is before you order rare delicacies in restaurants as there have been a few rare but high-profile cases of heinous overcharging where the price is not on the menu, particularly for perlemoen (abalone) and crayfish (similar to lobster).
Cape Town is a notably vegan and vegetarian friendly city. Most restaurants in Cape Town have some vegetarian item on the menu, meny of them also offering vegan options. Even those without vegan options on the menu are usually happy to serve something vegan if you ask the waiter.
Naturally, Cape Town is a great place to sample the unique Cape Malay cuisine. There a few restaurants in Bo Kaap serving this cuisine; a must-try dish is bobotie, the signature dish of the community.
Eastern Food Bazaar, 96 Longmarket Street, Cape Town, ☏ +27 21 461 2458. South Asian food court offering high quality meals for a fair price. 100% Halaal. R20-35 (Jan 2013). (updated Aug 2022)
Best Of Asia Green Point, 105 Main Rd, Green Point. Sushi (updated Aug 2022)
Randy Warthog Bar & Grill, 107 Main Rd, Green Point. (updated Aug 2022)
Vasco da Gama Taverna, Schiebe St, De Waterkant. (updated Aug 2022)
Lusitania Fisheries, Waterkant St. (updated Aug 2022)
Meeting Point-Tanzanian East African Cuisine, 67 Strand St. (updated Aug 2022)
Chicken Licken, 48, 48 Adderley St. (updated Aug 2022)
Best of Asia Kloof Street, 3 Kloof St. (updated Aug 2022)
NY Slice Pizza Kloof Street, 49 Kloof St. (updated Aug 2022)
The Charles, 137 Waterkant Street, De Waterkant, ☏ +27 21 409 2500. 07:00 to 17:00. The Charles can accommodate 25–30 people seated. From R35 for small English breakfast (served with toasted white or whole wheat bread) 1 egg, rasher bacon, sausage, fried tomato and sauté mushrooms.
Africa Café, 108 Shortmarket Street, ☏ +27 21 422-0221, africafe@iafrica.com. Affordable and very good. Maybe the best restaurant in Cape Town for African cuisine. Lower to medium price range. Serves fixed menu, all you can eat of 12-15 different dishes.
Biesmiellah, Corner Upper Wale/Pentz Street, ☏ +27 21 423-0850. One of the oldest restaurants around, known for its Malay kitchen. No alcoholic drinks are available.
Col'Cacchio Pizzeria, 42 Hans Strijdom Avenue Foreshore (also at Eden on the Bay in Bloubergstrand) (Take N1 on M18, take right into River Rd and left into Hans), ☏ +27 21 419-4848. Italian dishes made to order. Mid-range.
95 Keerom, 95 Keerom Street, ☏ +27 21 422 0765. A top class Italian restaurant with modern décor and a trendy atmosphere.
Lolas, 228 Long St (Across from Long Street Café), ☏ +27 21 423 0885. Vegetarian food with local colour and great karma. Good conversation and even better meals. Mingle with dreadlocks, artsy types and brooding poets.
Long Street Café, 259 Long Street, ☏ +27 21 424 2464. Very popular, European kitchen, which serves up tasty drinks.
Mama Africa, 178 Long Street, ☏ +27 21 426-1017. Monday to Saturday: restaurant is open 19:00 till late, the bar is open 16:30 till late. African style tourist restaurant offering local and African meals, like Bobotie and Potjiekos, but also springbok, kudu and crocodile steak. Good range of wines at affordable prices. Live marimba music some nights.
Rhodes Memorial Restaurant, Rhodes Memorial, ☏ +27 21 689-9151, roy@rhodesmemorial.co.za. Situated in the Table Mountain National Park directly behind the famous Rhodes Memorial. The restaurant has stunning views over the northern and eastern Cape Town suburbs and the Hottentots Holland mountain range. The menu is diverse and caters to all tastes, but its the desserts that really rate a mention, be sure to tuck into some scones!
The Ritz Hotel, cnr Camberwell and Main Roads, Sea Point, ☏ +27 21 439-6010. Has a revolving restaurant on the top floor of the hotel. Good food, good views, soft background live piano. A bar and smoking room is available one floor below the restaurant. You do not have to be a resident at the hotel to get a booking at the restaurant.(The floor has a small non-revolving ledge next to the wall. Do not put your valuables on it as your table will be half way around the building before you realize that you have been separated from your belongings.)
Willoughby's, Victoria Wharf, V&A Waterfront, ☏ +27 21 418 6115. Has some of the best seafood including excellent sushi at very good prices.
Table Mountain Restaurant, On top of Table Mountain, close to the Upper Cable Station. 08:30 to 18:30, with extended hours during December and January. Temporarily closed as of August 2022. A 120 seat, self-service restaurant. No booking required. Quality is variable. From R20 for a simple breakfast.
Tide, 69 Victoria Road, Camps Bay, Cape Town, ☏ +27 21 437-9701, fax: +27 21 438-4433, res@thebayhotel.com. daily. Serving with steamed seasonal vegetables, new potatoes and lemon butter. R90 fresh catch of the day.
Stardust Theatrical Dining, 118 Sir Lowry Rd (Directions on Website), ☏ +27 21 686-6280, fax: +27 21 686-0674. Tu-Sa 16:00-late. While eating delicious Mediterranean cuisine, customers are entertained by their talented waitrons who perform throughout the evening between serving tables. R80-R150.
Greek Fisherman, 261, Breakwater Blvd (V & A Waterfront), ☏ +27 21 418-5411. Choose from authentic Mediterranean tapas and a wide range of seafood and meat from the open flame grill.
City Grill Steakhouse, Shop 155, Victoria Wharf Shopping Centre, ☏ +27 21 421-9820. Enjoy delicious selection of traditional South African steaks, grills and venison.
Meloncino, 259 Upper Level (Victoria Wharf Shopping Centre), ☏ +27 21 419-5558. Choose from a variety of homemade pastas, wood-fired pizzas and various other authentic dishes.
La Colombe, Spaanschemat Street, ☏ +27 21 794-2390, lacolombe@uitsig.co.za. daily 12:30-14:00, 19:00-20:45. La Colombe, one of Cape Town's most well-loved and awarded restaurants, achieved an impressive 12th place in the San Pellegrino 50 Best Restaurants of the World Awards 2010. Having moved up 26 places and into the hallowed Top 20, this bastion of contemporary French-meets-Asian fine dining thereby also clinched the Acqua Panna Best Restaurant in Africa and Middle East Award. Winner of Chef of the Year and Restaurant of the Year in the Prudential Eat Out Awards 2008, and again honoured with the prestigious Restaurant of the Year title in 2009, La Colombe has also achieved the highest three-star rating in the 2009, 2010 and 2011 issue of the acclaimed Rossouw’s Restaurants guide. Book months in advance!
The Test Kitchen, The Old Biscuit Mill 375 Albert Road Woodstock, ☏ +27 21 447-2337, reservations@thetestkitchen.co.za. daily 12:30-14:00, 19:00-21:00. Luke Dale-Roberts’ The Test Kitchen, which opened in 2010, has the celebrated chef cooking at his most creative in a distinctive contemporary space. At the prestigious World’s 50 Best Restaurants Awards 2013, The Test Kitchen made an impressive leap to No. 61 on the list, climbing up 13 places from no.74 in 2012. More significantly, The Test Kitchen was singled out as the winner of the “Cacao Barry One To Watch Award” 2013. Book months in advance!
Long Street, which can be easily reached from St. George's Cathedral and the Greenmarket Square, is famous for its bars, restaurants and clubs. This is the ideal place if you want to end the day with a drink. It is also one of the few truly multi-ethnic, multi-racial nightspots in the city. See the new South Africa, not just other tourists.
You will have live entertainment (normally something like jazz or kwaito music) in many bars and sometimes you will have to pay to get in.
Observatory or better known as Obz is just north of Rondebosch (Southern Suburbs). There are several student residences of the UCT and Obz main street (Lower Main Road) has a vibrant nightlife with restaurants, bar, pool halls and pubs. Almost daily there is something going on.
A popular destination with locals is Camps Bay, which offers a vibrant night-life and many bars, restaurants and clubs.
Bobs Bar, 187 Long street, ☏ +27 21-4243584. 07:30-04:00. A British-owned and -run bar with beer from R22. and breakfast from R19. (updated Feb 2016)
dead link Club 169, 227 Long Street, ☏ +27 21 422 3903, info@club169.com. A dance club and cigar bar focusing on hip hop and RnB music.
Foresters Arms (Forries), 52 Newlands Ave, Newlands, ☏ +21 21 689-5949, admin@forries.co.za. Nestled at the foot of our majestic mountains, in the leafy suburb of Newlands, Cape Town, Foresters Arms Restaurant and Pub (fondly referred to by the locals as Forries), is one of the oldest pubs in South Africa and provides a retreat from the hustle and bustle of city life. They have a good selection of draught beers.
Marco's African Place, 15 Rose Street, Bo Kaap, ☏ +27 21 423-5412. Popular gay bar which serves up specialities such as Ulwimi (steamed ox tongue with mustard sauce) along with live African music.
Mitchells Ale House (Mitchells Brewery), Cnr East Pier & Dock Road V&A Waterfront, ☏ +27 21 419-5074, info@mftv.co.za. Great location, fun atmosphere, friendly staff and famous craft beers, amazing views of the Cape Town harbour and Table Mountain, and karaoke.
Sandy B, 69 Victoria Road, Camps Bay, Cape Town, ☏ +27 21 437-9701, res@thebayhotel.com. Open to the public at The Bay Hotel over summer, Sandy B is a unique cocktail venue, accentuated by its glorious views of Camps Bay beachfront.
Zanzi-Bar, 255 Long Street (above Long Street Café.), ☏ +27 21 4232-9003. 17:00-02:00. Run by the Carnival Court Backpackers hostel. Good meeting place for other travelers visiting Cape Town. Live jazz on Sundays, DJ's on Friday & Saturday nights. Free entry most nights.
Fiction Bar, 226 Long Street, ☏ +27 21 422-0400. Renowned club with weekly indie-, drum'n'bass- and minimal-electro-nights mostly around R30 admission. (updated Aug 2017)
Mercury Live & Lounge, 43 De Villiers Street, Zonnebloem, ☏ +27 21 465 2106. World-class live music, with students nights. R20-40.
This guide uses the following price ranges for a standard double room:
Accommodation in Cape Town ranges from hostels (of which there are many) to luxury accommodation. Actually, there are so many hotels, B&Bs and guest houses that it can be difficult to decide where to stay!
Staying in the city centre often works out cheaper as all the attractions are nearby, but stick to one of the neighbourhoods next to the central area for better prices and a quieter night's sleep. The area around vibey Kloof Street in Gardens/Tamboerskloof with its young cafe culture and hip shopping is a good choice. You could consider sleeping in one of the suburbs. It is normally quieter and there is less traffic than in Central Cape Town. The suburbs in the south, like Muizenberg, Fish Hoek or Simon's Town, or near the winelands (see Cape Winelands) are ones to try. Areas along the western seaboard of the peninsula (such as Camps Bay) will be more expensive.
Several township bed & breakfasts started to pop up in places such as Khayelitsha to offer tourists the chance to experience this side of South Africa. They mostly are redecorated shacks to fit the basic norms of tourists.
Liziwe's Bed and Breakfast, NY 111, No 121, Gugulethu, ☏ +27 21 633-7406. Township B&B.
Ma Neo's B&B, Zone 7 St,, Langa, ☏ +27 21 694-2504. Township B&B.
33 South Backpackers, 48 Trill Road, Observatory, ☏ +27 21 447-2423, fax: +27 21 447-2423, info@33southbackpackers.com. A boutique-style hostel. You can join them every Tuesday for their locally known "creative evening.".
African HeART BAckpackers, 27 Station Road, Observatory, ☏ +27 21 447-3125, fax: +27 86 556-0277, info@africanheartbackpackers.com. African HeART is an artwork in progress, a small, beautifully decorated backpackers which aims to offer the alternative side to travelling in Cape Town.
Anzac Backpackers, 71 Hope street Gardens, ☏ +27 21 4654918. Dorm beds and twin rooms has a kitchen, travel desk, big screen TV, bicycles for hire, airport transfers, fast Wi-Fi included. Dorm R220.
Ashanti Lodge, 11 Hof Street, Gardens, ☏ +27 21 423-8721, fax: +27 21 423-8790, ashanti@iafrica.com. A perennial favourite among travellers; camping also permitted. Has a large travel centre as well. Dorm From R 240 per person,.
A Sunflower Stop Backpackers, 179 Main Road, Green Point, ☏ +27 21 434-6535, fax: +27 21 434-6501, ashley@sunflowerstop.co.za. Tastefully decorated perfectly and clean dorms. Doubles and twins. En-suite rooms available too. From R240 per person.
Backpackers on Castle, 57 Castle street, ☏ +27 21-4247524. Check-in: 12:00, check-out: 11:00. Dorm beds and double rooms. Dorm R230.
Big Blue Backpackers, 7 Vesperdene road Green point, ☏ +27 21-4390807. A clean hostel with dorm beds. Free Wi-Fi, swimming pool, free tea and coffee 07:00–10:00. From R240.
Bohemian Lofts Backpackers, 41 Trill Road, Observatory (On Lower Main Rd), ☏ +27 21 447-6204, info@bohemianlofts.com.
Castle Inn Backpackers, 76b Darling Street (corner of Harrington Road), ☏ +27 21 465-1662, fax: +27 21 465-1662, grandSouthTravel@yahoo.com. Directly opposite the Castle of Good Hope and 5 minutes' walk from the train station. Cheapest Internet cafe in the area. From R200 per person.
Green Elephant Residence, 57 Milton Road, Observatory, ☏ +27 21 448-6359, greenele@iafrica.com. Dorm R220.
Light House farm Lodge, Oude Molen Eco Village Alexandra road, ☏ +27 827442504. dorm beds per day R200 per person.
Long Street Backpackers, 209 Long Street, ☏ +27 21 423-0615, fax: +27 21 423-1842, info@longstreetbackpackers.co.za. Right in the heart of the party street. Has a bar. Offers dorms. from R220. (updated Jun 2023)
Never@Home Backpackers, 107 Main Road, Green point, Cape Town, 8001 (Take an Uber or Mycity Bus, get out at Stadium. Walk towards the Spar and Ultra Liquor.), ☏ +27-21-4349282. Check-in: 14:00, check-out: 11:00. Vibrant and colourful youth hostel with all amenities. The rooms are private or shared dorms from 4 beds upwards and ensuite. Communal kitchen and lounge area with bar and glittering pool upstairs with a terrace and reasonable pool bar. There is Wi-Fi and sanitation stations, masks are compulsory. Dorm beds from R250 per person sharing. (updated Feb 2021)
Riverlodge Backpackers, oude molen eco village Alexandria road Pinelands, ☏ +27 21 448-0526. Has camping and a 10-bed dorm. dorm bed R200 per person.
formerly dead link Two Oceans Backpackers, 47 Long Street, ☏ +27 21 422 5401, info@twooceansbp.co.za. Dorms and private rooms. Linen provided, hostel is very clean and staff friendly and there is a bar and balcony to hang out.
dead link 26 on Aandbloem, 26 Aandbloem Street, Devil's Peak, ☏ +27 83 460-7140, info@26onaandbloem.co.za. Views of Table Mountain and the Cape Town City Bowl. R500 single, R375pps (includes breakfast, en-suit bathroom with shower & WC).
Abbey Manor Luxury Guesthouse, 3 Montrose Avenue, Oranjezicht, ☏ +27 21 462-2935, info@abbey.co.za. Luxury guesthouse set high on Table Mountain overlooking Cape Town city. Dramatic views from individually decorated rooms. Built in 1905 in the Arts-and-Crafts style, and has been remodelled. An easy hop from the city centre and the V&A Waterfront. Rated 5 stars by TGCSA. Provides free wi-fi to guests. From R800.
The Bay Atlantic Guest House, 3 Berkley Road, Camps Bay, ☏ +27 21 438-4341, seaview@iafrica.com. Beautiful four star guest house in Camps Bay with exhausting view on the beach of Camps Bay and the Lionshead, only 10 minutes away from the V&A Waterfront. Provides free wi-fi to guests. From R350.
Bayflowers Guest House, 5 Scholtz Road, Green Point, ☏ +27 21 434-0968, info@bayflowers.co.za. Very central, walk to Waterfront, beach and city centre, helpful staff, rooms clean and tastefully equipped. from R690 for a single room, R445 pps for a double. (updated Aug 2015)
Cactusberry Lodge, 30 Breda Street, Gardens, ☏ +27 21 461-9787. 3 star. 200 metres from the Gardens Shopping Centre, is comfortable, central and quiet, very good value for money, excellent breakfast, very helpful in all itinerary planning. R500.
The Camps Bay Guesthouse, 31 Geneva Drive, Camps Bay, ☏ +27 81 467-4400, stay@campsbayguesthouse.com. Exclusive use of 180 m² private self-catering stand alone luxury accommodation set in the grounds of the owners Camps Bay Villa, private and secure with onsite gated parking, full kitchen, teak floors, living and dining room with underfloor heating throughout, widescreen LCD television with Apple TV entertainment system and stereo surround, complimentary hi-speed WIFI access, private deck and garden area opens into the grounds with access to the Villa swimming pool, porcelain tiled bathroom has separate bath and shower, WC and bidet. From R750.
Cape Diamond Boutique Hotel, Longmarket and Parliament Street, ☏ +27 21 461-2519. All rooms equipped with air-conditioning, private toilet and bath, safe deposit box, side lamp table and Wired Internet connection (extra charges apply). Some of its facilities and services are meeting/ banquet facilities, business centre, restaurant, Theatre Cafe, 24-hour front desk, room service and laundry service. From R1080.
Cape Paradise Lodge, 48 Leeuwenhof Rd, Higgovale, ☏ +27 21 424-6571, info@capeparadise.co.za. Has Table Mountain as a backdrop and fantastic views. From R300pps.
The Charles Guesthouse, 137 Waterkant Street, De Waterkant, ☏ +27 21 437-9706, res@thecharles.co.za. Trendy and fashionable today, it is compared to New York's Greenwich Village and London's Soho with its tree-lined streets, restored cottages, spectacular views and village atmosphere. R920 for single room, R1400 for a double.
City Lodge V&A Waterfront, Corner Dock and Alfred Roads, ☏ +27 21 419-9450, clva.resv@citylodge.co.za. 3 star. From R480 per person sharing.
Daddy Long Legs Boutique Hotel & Self-Catering Apartments, 134 & 263 Long Street, ☏ +27 21 422-3074 (hotel), +27 21 424-1403 (self-catering), info@daddylonglegs.co.za. Located in the heart of the city centre on one of Cape Town's most celebrated streets - a hotel with a difference, focusing on good value accommodation and a hotel experience you'll never forget. From R450 a double/twin (hotel) & R550 a one bedroomed apartment.
Dark Chocolate Guest House Durbanville, 1 Mountain View Crescent Durbanville, ☏ +27 21 975 3776. Standard rooms, all equipped with Air-conditioning, TV with cable and High-speed Internet connection. Facilities and services are garden, outdoor swimming pool and conference. From ZAR .
De Waterkant Village, 1 Loader street, De Waterkant, ☏ +27 21 437-9706, res@dewaterkant.com. De Waterkant is often described as being arty, charismatic and quaint and is a truly special place decorated with gorgeous al fresco restaurants, sidewalk café's, boutiques and bars and is often compared with Greenwich Village. R580 for single room, R850 for a double.
Don Beach Road Hotel, 249 Beach Road, Sea Point, ☏ +27 21 434-1083. Check-in: 15:00, check-out: 11:00. The Don Beach Road is located in Sea Point spectacularly overlooking the Atlantic Ocean.
Grande Kloof Boutique Hotel, 69 Kloof Road, Fresnaye (corner of Kloof Road & Avenue La Croix), ☏ +27 21 433-1852, service@grandekloof.co.za. Check-in: 14:00, check-out: 11:00. Good sea views, Fantastic Lions head view and views of famous Robben Island. from R600 (includes light continental breakfast, free WIFI, open plan top floor sea view rooms or executive petite garden level rooms, swimming pool, jacuzzi area, steam area, sauna.
Kloof Nek Suites, 72B Kloof Nek Road, Signal Hill, ☏ +27 21 4224 217, info@kloofneksuites.com. Check-in: 14:00, check-out: 10:00. Kloof Nek Suites is a guest house offering three self-catering rooms in Tamboerskloof. From R1100. (updated Jan 2017)
formerly dead link Lorraine’s on Lincoln, 12 Lincoln Street, Boston, ☏ +27 21 946-4710. All rooms equipped with English breakfast, Spacious dining area, Hair dryer, TV with satellite channels, Work desk and Fan. Outdoor swimming pool, Garden, Banquet hall, Car rental, Wi-Fi Internet connection, Fax and photocopying services. From R670.
Nine Flowers Guest House, 133-135 Hatfield Street, ☏ +27 21 462-1430, infonineflowers@telkomsa.net. Very central, helpful staff, nice rooms. R480 for a single room to R850 for a triple.
The One 8, 18 Antrim Road, Three Anchor Bay, ☏ +27 21 434-6100, info@theone8.com. Modern and intimate Four star accommodation in Cape Town. The One 8 Hotel is located in Green Point and close to Clifton Beach, Camps Bay, V&A Waterfront, De Waterkant gay village, and Table Mountain. This gay and lesbian friendly Guest House offers bed and breakfast and contemporary rooms for your South African Holiday. From R550 per room.
Protea Hotel Sea Point, Arthur's Road, Sea Point, ☏ +27 21 434-3344, seapoint@proteahotels.com. Protea has a whole bunch of hotels in Cape Town and surrounding areas. It is well worth checking their website for last-minute bargains, which can reduce the price by 50%. R350 pppn.
Rhonda's Manor, 35 Clarens Street, Fresnaye, ☏ +27 21 434 4231, rhondasmanor@gmail.com. Upper Sea Point, near the Waterfront,campsbay and clifton beaches. R800 double room.
dead link Southern Light Country House, 24 Hohenort Avenue, Constantia, ☏ +27 21 794 4500, info@southern-light.com. Southern Light Country House is an accommodation in Constantia set in the beautiful surround of Upper Constantia. R850 - 1300 season dependent.
Tudor Hotel, 153 Longmarket Street, Greenmarket Square, ☏ +27 21 424-1335, info@tudorhotel.co.za. In the city centre, near the Waterfront, Parliament, Gardens or the Malay Quarter Boo-Kap. R520 for single room, R740 for a double.
Villa Sunshine Guesthouse, 1 Rochester Road, Bantry Bay, ☏ +27 21 439-8224, contact@villasunshine.co.za. The Villa Sunshine guesthouse is a classic Mediterranean Villa situated along the prestigious Atlantic Seaboard. In close proximity to several of Cape Town’s most revered tourist attractions, it is still able to provide its guests with a peaceful setting – within walking distance of restaurants and shops to meet your every need. From R950 per room.
Villa Zest Boutique Hotel, 2 Braemar Rd, Greenpoint, ☏ +27 21 433-1246, info@villazest.co.za. The Villa Zest is in the Green Point suburb. From R990 single & R1190 double.
Cape Grace, West Quay Road, Victoria & Alfred Waterfront, ☏ +27 21 410-7100. Situated on its own private quay on Cape Town’s vibrant Victoria and Alfred Waterfront, the Cape Grace has 121 rooms all with views of the V&A harbour or yacht marina with a Table Mountain backdrop. From R16,000 to R55,000 for 5 nights, 2 people.
De Verdwaalde Boer (private villa & guesthouse with Dutch management. #1 at Booking.com and #1 at Tripadvisor), 10 Monterey Drive, Constantia (in the heart of the oldest wine-producing area of South Africa, a 10-minute drive from Cape Town's CBD), ☏ +27 21 794-1501, info@deverdwaaldeboer.com. De Verdwaalde Boer boasts 7 suites and is available to book as a villa for full privacy. From R700 p.p.p.n.
Mandela Rhodes Place, Wale St & Burg St, ☏ +27 31 310-3333, ceres@threecities.co.za. Old school charm and hospitality meets modern amenities and features. It also boasts a gymnasium, swimming pool, wireless internet, undercover parking, 24 hour concierge and business centre, optional breakfast service, pre-delivery grocery shopping, airport and city transfers, car hire, housekeeping and laundry and day tours From R815pps.
Radisson Blu Hotel Waterfront, Cape Town, Beach Rd, Granger Bay, ☏ +27 21 441-3000, capetown.info@radissonblu.com. 5-star hotel overlooking its own private marina and the famous Robben Island. R2745 pppn.
Southern Light Guest House, 24 Hohenort Avenue 7806, Constantia, ☏ +27 21 794-4500, enquiry@southern-light.com. Upmarket bed and breakfast. From R1665. (updated Nov 2021)
dead link Villa Horizonte, info@villa-horizonte.com. A good online estate agency where you can rent luxury villas in Cape Town. Most of the villas has its own private pool but there is a minimum stay of 1 week. From $500/night for 2 bed villas.
If you have a cell phone get one of the cheap prepaid sim cards from either Vodacom, MTN, Cell C or Telkom Mobile and save money on local calls. Vodacom and MTN have outlets at Cape Town airport, located near domestic arrivals. SIM cards cost the same as in town.
Overseas calls at local rates via the Celldial service. Call 087 940 6966 and follow the voice prompts. See www.celldial.co.za for supported countries.
Internet is available throughout Cape Town and the inner city cafes always a hub of activity. Charges per hour ranges from R5 (in town) to R50 (V&A waterfront)
Internet cafes can be found all over the city and suburbs, with many coffee shops offering internet access.
Many Guesthouses in Cape Town provide WiFi free for their guests.
Always-On, ☏ +27 11 575-2505. Provides prepaid wifi access in a number of locations in Cape Town. Simply connect to the access point and you will be given the opportunity to pay for access by credit card. Pricing starts at around R15 for 10 minutes or R60 for 100MB.
Westin Grand Hotel at Arabella Quays.
Cape Town International Airport. Restaurants and coffee shops, in Domestic and International Departures, boarding gates, airline lounges and at the Road Lodge.
City Lodge. GrandWest, Pinelands and V&A Waterfront.
Dulce Cafe. Bayside Centre, Durbanville and Gabriel Rd, Plumstead
Mugg&Bean. Just about all of them offer free WiFi.
Sundance Coffee Co. Adderley St, Buitengragt St and Mouille Point.
Cafe Neo, opposite the lighthouse in Mouille Point, offers an open hotspot in addition to their excellent Greek food.
While Cape Town is not a dangerous place for tourists, South Africans are significantly more safety-conscious than people in most other parts of the world. While you should take some care as a tourist in any city, you should be more careful in South Africa than in many other places.
A large number of outdoor CCTV cameras have been installed by the municipality. These stretch from the city bowl, the suburbs, the townships and all the way to the outlying areas of the metropole. New cameras are installed in additional areas quite regularly as needed. The cameras are monitored 24/7, and police and emergency services respond quite quickly to any detected incidents.
Central Cape Town is generally safe to walk around by day, though you should not take valuables with you and should avoid dressing like a tourist. You may encounter beggars and con artists, but they will usually accept a "no". Avoid "dressing like a tourist", i.e. wearing an outfit involving cameras, backpacks, jewellery and golf hats. Leave valuables in the safe in your hotel room or with staff for safekeeping. (Do not leave anything valuable in your room outside of the safe, and do not leave anything in view of an open window. If you leave valuables out in your room you may find the hotel takes them into safekeeping and leaves you a note - this is to avoid their hotel getting a reputation as a place where thieves will find an easy target.) Stay on reasonably busy streets.
After sundown, you should take a taxi or ride-hailing service to and from your destination, rather than walking. Have the driver meet you outside the bar or restaurant (take a taxi card with you if needed). If walking at all, make sure you stay on well-lit and crowded streets. Pickpockets, persistent beggars and petty theft is rife.
If visiting a township, go with one or more people who live there or know it well. Official township tours are your safest bet; revealing a very interesting lifestyle to the more curious tourists.
Foreigners should avoid hitchhiking or using local commuter and metro trains. Be aware of automated teller machine (ATM) con artists. Under no circumstances allow a stranger to assist you in your transactions. Should your card become stuck in the ATM, call the helpline number on display at the teller machine for assistance and to cancel your card.
If driving in a car, smash-and-grab theft is a risk. Keep your doors locked, ensure your windows are wound up when you slow down (including at traffic lights) and keep an eye out for people approaching you. Keep valuables out of sight and locked away. If you are driving to or from the airport, plan your route and do not stop at unknown spots. The airport is surrounded by some very dangerous areas that should be avoided.
Watch out for the mini bus taxis. They often drive like hell disobeying many traffic rules, and are entirely unregulated except by organised crime. Watch out for pickpocketing.
Glue sniffing children and junkies are a minor problem, called 'strollers' by the locals: these ragamuffins will strip you bare if you do not stay alert.
Respect the mountains - dress correctly as temperatures can fall very quickly. Go in a group of at least 4 people, as robberies sometimes occur and accidents can happen. There are also robberies along the footpaths in Table Mountain. In particular, walking alone should be avoided.
From Feb 2020 to September 2022, national electric power provider Eskom conducted power cuts on an almost daily basis. Depending on the location, electricity is cut off for 2½ hours per day or several times a day. Be energy-wise and switch off appliances that use a lot of power, when not in use. Your accommodation may or may not have a generator.
Argentina, 8 Brittany Ave, Bantry Bay, ☏ +27 21 439-0403, fax: +27 21 439-5918. Only located in Cape Town when the South African parliament sits in Cape Town. When parliament moves to Pretoria, so does this embassy.
Austria, 3F, 1 Thibault Sq, ☏ +27 21 421-1440, fax: +27 21 425-3489, kapstadt-gk@bmaa.gv.at.
Belgium, 4F, Vogue House, Thibault Sq, ☏ +27 21 419-4690.
China, 972 Pretorius St, Arcadia, Pretoria, ☏ +27 12 431-6500, fax: +27 12 342-4244, reception@chinese-embassy.org.za.
Czech Republic, 2 Fleetwood Ave, Claremont, ☏ +27 21 797-9835.
France, 78 Queen Victoria St, ☏ +27 21 423-1575, fax: +27 21 424-8470, fconscap@iafrica.com.
Germany (Foreshore), 19F, Safmarine House, 22 Riebeek St, ☏ +27 21 405 3000, fax: +27 21 421 0400, info@kapstadt.diplo.de.
Greece, 19F, Reserve Bank Bldg, 30 Hout St, ☏ +27 21 424-8160, fax: +27 21 424-9421, embgrsaf@global.co.za. Only located in Cape Town when the South African parliament sits in Cape Town. When parliament moves to Pretoria, so does this embassy.
India, The Terraces, 9F, 34 Bree St, ☏ +27 21 419-8110, +27 21 419-8111, fax: +27 21 419-8112, admin@hcict.org.za.
Indonesia, 124 Rosmead Avenue, Kenilworth, ☏ +27 21 761 7015, fax: +27 21 761 7022, postmaster@indonesia-capetown.org.za.
Italy, 2 Grey's Pass (top of Queen Victoria St), ☏ +27 21 487-3900, fax: +27 21 424-0146.
Mozambique, 1 Thibault Sq Long St, ☏ +27 21 421-5660, fax: +27 21 418-2690. Visas for Mozambique in 24 hours for R750.
Namibia, 25th Floor, Atterbury House, 9 Riebeeck St, ☏ +27 21 419 2810, fax: +27 21 418 1472.
Netherlands, 100 Strand St, ☏ +27 21 421-5660, fax: +27 21 418-2690.
Portugal, Standard Bank Centre, Hertzog Blvd, ☏ +27 21 418-0080, fax: +27 21 418-0084.
Romania, Helderberg House, 24 Highwick Drive, Kenilworth, 7700, ☏ +27 21 761-1781, fax: +27 21 460-2657, capetown@mae.ro. General Consulate
Spain, 37 Shortmarket St, ☏ +27 21 422-2415, fax: +27 21 422-2328.
United Kingdom, 15F, Southern Life Centre, 8 Riebeek St, ☏ +27 21 405-2433.
United States, 2 Reddam Ave, Westlake, ☏ +27 21 702-7300, fax: +27 21 702-7493, americanscapetown@state.gov.
Cape Town is perfectly placed for many one or two day trips, which offer a variety in experiencing fresh landscapes and cultures.
Robben Island is located just off the coast from Cape Town, this was the location used during the apartheid days to hold political prisoners, including Nelson Mandela and the late Walter Sisulu. The tour consists of a guided bus tour around the island, before meeting a former political prisoner for a tour of the prison area. The island itself is quite scenic, with African penguins usually seen on the tour. The bus tour stops to allow you to take in the view, and buy a snack. Tours run several times per day, seven days a week from the Nelson Mandela Gateway near the clock tower at the V&A Waterfront. Tickets can be purchased online or by phone. There are three trips a day at 09:00, 11:00, and 13:00. The tour takes 3½ hours including the ferry ride to and from the island.
Boulders beach is famous for its penguin colony and you can watch penguins in their natural habitat. September is the breeding season and if you are very lucky you can see penguins hatching out of their eggs. Note that if you go into one of the paid access parts (which is not expensive anyway) if you hang onto the ticket it is valid in the other part too. If you're lucky in addition to the penguins you may well see Dassies in the undergrowth beside the path or even sitting sunning themselves on the path.
Visit the Cape of Good Hope to experience the wildness of the natural habitat preserved here. Stunning views and for sure you will meet one of the local baboons or ostriches. Be sure to stop in Simon's Town on your way back to relax with a wonderful view on the False Bay.
Hout Bay — also known as the "Republic" of Hout Bay by its locals — is a beautiful bay on the Atlantic coast. The bay is protected from the north westerly and south easterly winds, but is open to the south westerly wind and prevailing swell which can produce some of the worlds biggest surf at "Dungeons" and "Tafelberg reef". It has a quaint fishing harbour, which provides protection from the south westerly swell. Boat trips to Seal Island (more accurately Duiker Island) operate from here. While you're there try the fish and chips at the Café on the Rocks at the end of the harbour road - a local secret.
Chapmans Peak— Experience one of the most scenic drives in the world. As you drive up the Chapmans Peak Drive and look north over Hout Bay, the view of the bay and the fishing boats is stunning.
Kalk Bay is a quirky seaside town. The Main Road is lined with interesting shops and cafes. The rocky shoreline is not swimming friendly except for the Dalebrook Tidal Pool.
Bontebok, seen in De Hoop.
Only two hours from Cape Town are the Bontebok National Park and the De Hoop Nature Reserve, perfect for spotting bontebok and whales.
The southern tip of Africa, Cape Agulhas is not far away.
The Overberg region offers whale spotting and quiet towns to relax.
The world-famous Garden Route ranges from about Mossel Bay, via George and Knysna to the Tsitsikamma National Park and the Addo Elephant National Park. Bungee from the highest bridge (216 m),at the Bloukrans bridge. This road will take you further on to Port Elizabeth, Durban. Do not forget to visit the Western Cape Karoo and visit an ostrich farm and the Cango Caves in Oudtshoorn.
Route 62 will take you inland to the Little Karoo for an authentic South African experience in the quaint farming towns of the Cape.
Go up north along the West Coast to Saldanha Bay and all the other hidden spots. Further on are Namaqualand and finally Namibia.
West Coast Fossil Park, Langebaan (120 km north of Cape Town on the R27), ☏ +27 22 766-1606, info@iziko.org.za. M-F 10:00-16:00, Sa Su 09:00-13:00. R25 entrance fee. (updated Jan 2017)
Visit Melkbos to surf, windsurf, kitesurf and sunbathe on its wide sandy beach and also visit the only working nuclear power station in Africa. There is a nature reserve surrounding the power station, with trails for walking or mountain bikes, where you'll see eland, zebra and springbok. Entrance is free, but you must show a photo ID.
The White Desert Company operates strikingly expensive (minimum $15,000) 3-day excursions from Cape Town to Queen Maud Land in Antarctica.
Crosses border to Namibia ← Springbok ←
This city travel guide to Cape Town has guide status. It has a variety of good, quality information including hotels, restaurants, attractions and travel details. Please contribute and help us make it a star!