Dresden is the capital of Saxony (Sachsen). It's often referred to locally as Elbflorenz, or "Florence on the Elbe", reflecting its location on the Elbe river and its historical role as a centre for the arts and beautiful architecture - much like Florence in Italy. While Florence flourished during the early renaissance, the Golden Age of Dresden was in the 18th century when, under August the Strong and his son, Friedrich August II, Saxony was a rich and important state and the rulers invested in lavish architectural projects in their capital and supported artists of worldwide renown.
At the end of World War II in Europe, Dresden suffered catastrophic damage from Allied bombing, and then lost much of its remaining architectural heritage at the hands of East German city planners. However, the city has managed to resurrect some of its charm by rebuilding various landmarks. The reconstruction of the famous Frauenkirche was completed just in time for the what was marketed as the city's 800th birthday in 2006 (dated from the first mention in extant historical documents, as is common in Germany).
Today, Dresden remains a charming, relaxed and in many ways beautiful city and has become a very popular tourist destination, in addition to being a regional economic, political and academic centre. About ten million tourists visit Dresden annually, most from within Germany. International visitors most frequently come from the Czech Republic, the USA and Japan.
View upriver from Marienbrücke - the church you see is Frauenkirche On the left hand is the right bank of the Elbe (the Neustadt side) while the left or Altstadt bank is to the right
Dresden is over 800 years old, having become a city in 1206. Many Saxon princes, dukes and kings called Dresden home, the most famous of them being August der Starke (Augustus the Strong), who was also King of Poland. The many buildings and rich art collections that date from this era, are testimony to the monarchs' extreme wealth. Raphael's Sistine Madonna, a famous oil painting of the Virgin Mary, was bought by the son of August the Strong, and is on display in Dresden. The last Saxon king abdicated in 1918, famously saying "macht doch euern Dregg aleene" (roughly translated from the original Saxon as "do your dirty work yourselves") when he did so.
Three quarters of the historical centre of Dresden was destroyed by Allied bombing on 13 February 1945. Between 20,000 and 30,000 people died in the firestorms; the exact number is unknown. There were fewer victims than those of bombings in other cities, both in absolute terms and as a percentage of the population, but Dresden is the only major German city where the air raids are still a major aspect of public debate and city politics. The bombings are still remembered each year in processions and ceremonies, but the anniversary has also been used by Neo-Nazis for demonstrations, which in turn attracted anti-fascist counter-demonstrations. For many years the ruins of the Frauenkirche (now rebuilt) with its gold cross donated by a British charity called the Dresden Trust - acted as a call for peace among the nations of the world. The city's historical centre has largely been restored to its former glory, with other areas still being rebuilt.
During the era of German partition, the area around Dresden came to be known as "Tal der Ahnungslosen" ("valley of the clueless") as it was one of very few parts of East Germany which could not get West German television. Similarly the abbreviation "ARD" for the west German first TV channel was variously interpreted as "Außer Raum Dresden" and "Außer Rügen und Dresden" ("Except the Dresden Area"/"Except Rügen and Dresden").
In 1989 protests erupted in Dresden, especially when people who had taken refuge in the West German embassy in Prague were transported to West Germany via Dresden main station (which was sealed off for the occasion). Protests in Dresden never reached the scale they did in Leipzig or East Berlin, but there is a memorial plaque for the 1989 events in Prager Straße among other places.
View over the Elbe from the Altstadt (south) to the Neustadt (north) bank
The Zwinger was rebuilt in 1964, the Semper Opera house in 1985, and the most famous Dresden landmark, the Frauenkirche, in 2005. When asked what they like most about their city, Dresden citizens will reply: the Old Town (which is quite compact, even though it has a lot of well-known attractions and museums of worldwide importance), Dresden-Neustadt (an alternative central quarter) and the nearby towns like Radebeul, known for its wine (and birthplace of Karl May, a famous German author of wild-west novels), the climbing area of Saxon Switzerland and lots of castles. Architecturally, Blasewitz is the most interesting residential neighbourhood, despite it being a hilly landscape. It has many Gründerzeit buildings, from before the 1871 founding of the German Empire and its first three decades of existence.
Many historic sandstone buildings are black. That's not necessarily a result of fire or pollution, as the local sandstone naturally blackens after a while. You can see this natural phenomenon in the nearby Saxon Switzerland and on paintings of Dresden from the 18th century, where the sandstone buildings are black as well.
Dresden was an important city in the German Democratic Republic and architecture from that era is still very visible in the city. In the city centre, Prager Straße and the Kulturpalast are typical examples of such architecture. If you leave the centre you will find a lot of apartment blocks, called Plattenbau, which are also common in neighbouring Poland, eastern Europe and Russia. Gorbitz and Prohlis especially were (re)-built in the 1970s and 1980s in the then-modern Plattenbau style. Very few traces of World War II are still visible in the city.
The time since German reunification hasn't left too many architectural marks on the city yet, but some, such as the controversial Waldschlößchenbrücke bridge that cost Dresden's Elbe Valley its designation as a world heritage site, are very visible even to the casual observer.
Districts of Dresden; the darker grey is used for rural districts with their own local councils that were incorporated into Dresden in the 1990s
Dresden is very much oriented around the Elbe river, which meanders through the city, but not as much as the Seine in Paris, for example. Therefore, it is always easy to distinguish between the left, southwestern bank and the right, northeastern one. In general, the left bank is relatively flat and more densely built-up, while the right bank is hilly and to a large extent covered by the Dresdner Heide forest.
Dresden has, over the years, expanded broadly and swallowed surrounding settlements, so that now the city is larger by area than Munich despite having only roughly a third of its inhabitants. Much of Dresden, however, is of little interest to most tourists. In general, the interesting districts are Altstadt ("old town", on the left bank) and Neustadt ("new town", on the right bank immediately opposite). Their historic cores are the Innere Altstadt and Innere Neustadt, respectively. Äußere (outer) Neustadt is a district with a lot of bars and restaurants and generally known for being inhabited by "alternative" people, students, artists and hipsters. In general "Neustadt" used in a generic sense will refer to the äußere Neustadt. Other districts of interest are Loschwitz and Weißer Hirsch in the eastern part of the right bank, being the city's most exclusive residential areas; the Pillnitz royal residence; and Klotzsche, because Dresden airport is in that district.
Victor Klemperer's diaries, first published in English across two volumes in 1995 as I Will Bear Witness, offer a vivid account of life in Dresden from 1933 to 1945. Klemperer was one of the few people of Jewish descent in Dresden who not only survived the war but decided to stay in Germany after 1945. His book The Language of the Third Reich: LTI—Lingua Tertii Imperii: A Philologist's Notebook is a detailed analysis of how language can be used to manipulate a culture. It's a classic of its kind and still relevant today. Klemperer did not consider himself Jewish, but he was persecuted as one by the Nazi regime. He also wrote diaries during the times before and after the Nazi regime which were also published in book form but are less famous.
Another of Dresden's famous sons is Erich Kästner (Emil and the Detectives, Lottie and Lisa); his book When I Was a Little Boy is about his childhood in Dresden's Neustadt during the 1900s.
Der Turm (published in English as The Tower: Tales from a Lost Country) is a novel about life in Dresden's more bourgeois parts (Loschwitz/Weißer Hirsch) during the last years of East Germany. Written by Dresden native Uwe Tellkamp, it was made into a TV movie with Dresden native Jan Josef Liefers in one of the leading roles.
The location of Dresden airport in the city. The big green blob is Dresdner Heide, the smaller rectangular block south of the Elbe is Großer Garten - the city's largest park
Dresden Airport (DRS IATA) (in Klotzsche, a north Dresden borough). Mostly served by charter flights to popular holiday destinations. There are also regular scheduled flights from Amsterdam Schiphol and Zurich
. Dresden Airport has direct flights — operated by Lufthansa and Eurowings — from Frankfurt, Munich
and Düsseldorf, where you can connect from international or intercontinental flights. There are several flights a day from Frankfurt airport, although a train may be faster if you take wait and transfer times into account. Because of competition from other airports, the international flights offered tend to have little staying power. Check the airport's list of current destinations here.
The fastest connection from Dresden Airport to the city centre is the local train (S-Bahn), S2 , which takes 12 minutes to reach Dresden Neustadt and 20 minutes to reach the main station. The trains run every 30 minutes. Another option is to take the bus (line 77 or 97) and then change for tram 7 at the Infineon Nord stop (the connection is announced in English and German over loudspeakers).
The other airport in Saxony, Leipzig/Halle Airport (LEJ IATA), has a wider range of international destinations, and a direct railway connection to Dresden. Intercity (direct) and ICE (change in Leipzig) trains take less than 90 minutes to get from the airport to Dresden Main Station (Hauptbahnhof / Hbf), with one-way full-fare tickets at around €30. Slightly slower, but cheaper, is the regional train service. Take the S-Bahn to Leipzig Hbf and then the hourly Saxonia Express RE to Dresden; this takes roughly two hours. If you are in a group of between two and five people, the cheapest price for that connection is the Sachsen-Ticket which costs €25, plus €8 for each extra person (2022). It's valid on all trains except ICE, IC and EC, and most trams and buses throughout Saxony, Thuringia and Saxony-Anhalt. There is also a reduced price option for local trains called Regio 120 Ticket that costs €20 for the Leipzig/Halle airport to Dresden main station trip and is available at all times, unlike saver fares for IC and ICE which start at €19 but are subject to limited availability. If you have a BahnCard 25, there is a discount on the IC and ICE saver fare but not on the Sachsen Ticket or the Regio 120 Ticket.
As with the rest of Saxony, the geographic proximity and good road and rail links make it relatively convenient to fly into Berlin Brandenburg Airport (BER IATA), from where there is a direct IC train to Dresden, Prague (PRG IATA) via Czech highway D8 and German autobahn (150 km), or Wrocław (WRO IATA).
From Frankfurt Airport (FRA IATA) there are various Intercity and ICE trains either direct (from Frankfurt Flughafen Fernbahnhof) or via Frankfurt or Leipzig main stations.
See also: Rail travel in Germany
Hauptbahnhof (Central station) looking south from Prager Straße
Regular trains arrive from the rest of Germany (Leipzig, Berlin, Frankfurt, Munich) and from Prague, Vienna, Zürich, Bratislava and Budapest. Flixtrain serves the city.
Dresden is served by two big stations, which are both called at by most trains running through or terminating in Dresden. The Hauptbahnhof (main train station) is on the left bank of the Elbe, whereas Neustadt station is on the right bank.
Dresden Hauptbahnhof (2 km from the Old Town, at the southern end of Prager Straße). Trains from nearby towns, such as Meißen and Pirna run from about 04:30 till around midnight. The station has several stores including a supermarket, most of which are open on Sundays. It is very well connected with the local bus and tram network, and can thus be reached very quickly from nearly everywhere in town, even at night.
Dresden-Neustadt (just north of the New Town). Some trains terminate here and not at Hauptbahnhof. Neustadt is also easily accessible by tram or car.
For a German city of its size, train connections to Dresden are slow, due to underinvestment during and since the GDR era. The lines from Berlin and Leipzig reach a maximum speed of 200 km/h, though many sections are much slower. The line from Prague traverses the Elbe valley on a stunningly beautiful but curvy, slow and congested route. The line from Wroclaw is only electrified on the Polish side while the line from Nuremberg is only electrified between Dresden and Hof (making a change of trains necessary either in Hof or in Leipzig).
If you're coming from Saxony-Anhalt or Thuringia, the best option might be to use a Länder-Ticket as there's an arrangement between those two states and Saxony, whereby a Land-Ticket from one state is also valid in the other two.
The connection between Dresden and Wrocław has been on and off, but is now served by Trilex for a flat fare of €33 round trip (within 14 days). Group and family discounts are available.
Dresden can be easily reached by car from the rest of Germany. It is well connected with the German autobahn system and there's also a direct motorway to Prague. The network is prone to congestion during school holidays. Try to avoid the Friday and Saturday at the beginning of school holidays in the state you are driving in; the website Schulferien lists school holidays for each state.
See also: Intercity buses in Germany
Intercity bus station platform 1 and 2.
Intercity bus station platform 5, 6 and 7.
The main operator of long-distance buses in Germany, and by far the biggest operator in Dresden is Flixbus. There are more operators in Dresden than other German cities because it is close to the Czech and Polish borders and part of the Berlin-Prague route (which is not served by high speed rail). This means bus routes to Dresden are still competitive in terms of journey times and price. Other operators with routes to Dresden include RegioJet, Eurolines, Arda Tur, Racic Eurobus and Union Ivkoni.
Most buses stop "behind" the main train station (from the train station looking south, with Prager Straße to your back). The station is easily reachable. Several shops are close to the station, and those in the main station are also open on Sundays and on public holidays. Flixbus has a ticket office opposite the station and you can buy tickets for most of the other operators in the station building.
(However, be sure to check your bus ticket. As of summer 2023, repairs are taking place at the main bus stop, and buses stop instead at the Busparkplatz Ammonstraße - where the Budapester Straße overpass crosses over Ammonstraße, and at the Budapester Straße tram stop. There are no facilities at this parking lot, not even a bench, but the train station is not far away.)
Some Flixbus lines also stop close to Bahnhof Neustadt, which is a less busy station.
A handful of buses also serve Dresden airport, which is really only useful in the unlikely event that you are flying into/out of the airport but are not staying in Dresden. The airport is pretty out of the way and at least 20 minutes by S-Bahn from anything interesting.
In the centre, especially in the historic part of the Old Town (Altstadt), everything is easily accessible on foot. (The city centre is not the geographical midpoint of the city). If you want to go to the outer districts (unlikely for most travelers) you will probably have to take a bike or public transport (most tram lines go well into the suburbs).
Schematic map of the tramway network
Schematic map of the S-Bahn network
Topographic map of the railway and tramway networks
Dresden has an extensive reliable and high quality (even by German standards) public transport system consisting of regional railways (called S-Bahn, historically Schnellbahn), trams (called Straßenbahn) and buses. Three ferries cross the Elbe and two cable car systems go up Loschwitz hill. The Straßenbahn and S-Bahn are two entirely separate networks, although there are tram stops at many S-Bahn stations. The system works very well and connects all points of interest, but can be a little busy at peak times. A common fare system is operated by Dresdner Verkehrsbetriebe (DVB), which is part of the larger Oberelbe Transport Network (VVO). (VVO covers 27 municipalities in central Saxony.) VVO tickets are valid on all buses, trams, regional trains and some ferries within a particular zone in the VVO network area. The Sachsen ticket is now valid on buses and trams in Dresden as well so all information to the contrary is outdated.
Most lines run at night but with less frequency (and also slightly different routes, called "GuteNachtLinien") allowing you to get to most places such as restaurants without the necessity of using a car, including to far-flung places like Pillnitz, Radebeul or even Meißen (with the S-Bahn). At night almost all trams and some regional buses meet at Postplatz (called "Postplatztreffen") and wait for each other, to ensure connections. Trams that don't pass through Postplatz usually wait for connections at some other point. These stops are announced in both German and English. As the rerouting of the lines can be a tad confusing and the night-line plan is printed on a black background that is hard to read at night, you might wish to ask the driver or other passengers where the tram is going. Failing that the DVB has an app and offers the possibility to search for your tram in real time online. For the night time lines see here.
Two tram lines are of particular interest to visitors:
Line 4, billed by the operator as Kultourlinie as one that takes you on a tour of cultural and other highlights
Line 9, is referred to by the operator as the Einkaufslinie ("shopping line"), connecting the main shopping centres and various areas of Dresden.
An unique feature of the tram system in Dresden was the CarGoTram, which was in service from 2001 to 2020. It ran right through the city centre, sharing tracks with passenger trams, and delivered parts for various Volkswagen models which were produced at the Transparent Factory (Gläserne Manufaktur).
DVB operates three ferries on the Elbe:
There are also two separate cable car systems that go up the Loschwitz hill from the environs of Körnerplatz:
a regular funicular goes towards the district of Weißer Hirsch
a suspension railway (Schwebebahn) will take you to Oberloschwitz
Both systems were built at the turn from the 19th to the 20th century as a means of the inhabitants of the (then) expensive communities up the hill to get downtown and they still serve the residents of the area as such. However, they are marketed as a tourist attraction as well and a ride on them is not included on a normal day ticket for public transport (you, get a discount, though). Holders of weekly tickets can ride for free. As the system is quite old it is shut down for maintenance and inspection once a year, usually in early spring, so look at the website if you want to avoid going there just to see them not going.
Often the best option is to buy a day ticket for €8, cheaper for anyone 60 years old or older €. Or, for families, a family day ticket for €. It allows you to use all trams, buses, most ferries and trains (except InterCitys and ICEs) and is relatively cheap. It's valid until the next day at 04:00. You can also get a ticket limited to an hour (€3) and some others, but day tickets are good if you are travelling around and not sure where you will be going and what you will be doing.
You can buy tickets at yellow ticket vending machines in trams or buses, but ticket machines on platforms sell a wider selection of tickets. Ticket machines in trams only accept cards. Vending machines on platforms accept notes as well as coins. Don't forget to stamp your ticket as you enter the vehicle (day tickets only need to be stamped the first time you use them). Stamping machines in Dresden are usually shoe-boxed sized orange boxes near the doors of the tram/bus. Tickets (except the night ticket) bought from vending machines in trams do not need to be stamped.
As with most of Germany, public transport operates on the proof-of-payment system: you can enter any bus or tram you like, but are expected to be able to show a valid ticket if asked. If inspectors (there are always two of them) catch you without a valid ticket, you can be fined €60. The exception is on the buses after 20:00, when passengers are expected to show their tickets to the driver on boarding.
The streets are very good and many roads have been refurbished, especially in the city centre. As in all bigger towns it can be a bit crowded during rush hours. During the Striezelmarkt (end of November till 24 Dec) traffic gets heavier, especially at weekends. A word of caution on driving during Dynamo home games: don't. Streets get crowded and police shut down several roads to allow fans on foot to pass, leading to confusion and congestion for cars. There are many parking lots in downtown Dresden and it should not be a problem to find a place to park, except on Saturdays when everyone goes to town for shopping. As parking can be expensive, consider parking on one of the various park&ride spots outside of town or leaving your car altogether, as public transport is excellent even by high German standards. A number of signs automatically display the number of parking spaces which are still free in lots in the immediate area. Shops are open from around 10:00 to 20:00, sometimes until 21:00 or 22:00. The Neustadt is particularly unfriendly to cars as most of its residential buildings (and thus the street grid) were built in the 19th century and have survived both world wars and overzealous urban planners. People in the neighborhood also have a reputation for burning cars they consider to be too luxurious or "extravagant", but it happens considerably less often than in Berlin.
Bikes are the fastest thing in rush hour traffic for short-to-medium distances and if you're in good shape and not afraid of traffic. Bikes are also good for longer distances as they can be carried (with a separate ticket € per day for one zone) in trams. There are many designated cycle paths (marked red on pavements, or with a white bike symbol on a blue background) and most times it's very easy to find a place to park your bike. But, as anywhere else, always use a good lock!
Cobblestone roads and sidewalks are still quite common, particularly in Neustadt as well as the historical parts of Altstadt. As they get slippery with even a little moisture and make for a bumpy ride on most bikes, you might wish to avoid those. Another concern for cyclists are tram tracks, as tyres can get stuck in them if you aren't careful. Crossing them at an angle close to 90 degrees should take care of that problem. It should go without saying that you shouldn't drive on or between the tracks when a tram is approaching.
The main bike-share service in Dresden is called MOBIbike (operated by Nextbike with DVB as the main partner). Their rates are €1 per 15 minutes with a maximum of €15 per (24 hour) day. You need to register before you can rent bikes. For more information on discounts and the technical details see their website.
Dresden has a lot of cycle rickshaws, mostly operating around the Old Town. They offer a typical (short distance) taxi service and guided city tours. Horse-drawn carriages offer sightseeing.
Operators of bus tours of Dresden include Stadtrundtfahrt Dresden and |Dresdner Stadtrundfahrt – Die Roten Doppeldecker GmbH. Tickets can be bought around the Old Town at various points and indeed online.
Dresden is a very beautiful, light-spirited city, especially in summer, when you can appreciate the serene setting of the historic centre. Although Dresden is larger than Munich when measured by area, the historic centre is quite compact and walkable.
The main historic attractions of central Dresden
Frauenkirche, ☏ +49 351 65606100. The original Church of Our Lady was completely destroyed during World War II; however, it has been reconstructed. The City of Coventry, which was raided by the Luftwaffe in WWII, donated the golden cross for the dome of the church. Check out some ruins in the basement. For €10 (concessions €5; families €22) you can walk up to the viewing platform on the dome and enjoy a great view of the city. You must have good walking shoes, otherwise you might not be admitted. As well as being a working church (with services once a month in English), there are also regular concerts. Tickets tend to be expensive but sell out quickly, so try to book ahead of time. The seating can be a little hard. Free.
Zwinger Palace, Theaterplatz 1 ( 4 8 and 9 Theaterplatz and 11 am Zwingerteich), ☏ +49 351 49122000, besucherservice@skd.museum. The baroque palace features a nympheum, many sculptures of Permoser, a bell pavilion and famous art collections. Do not miss the "Alte Meister" - you'll find Rafael's famous Sistine Madonna with its well-known angels there. Three separate exhibitions are housed in the Zwinger. (See below.) The Zwinger is part of the Dresden State Art Collections (SKD). Entry is free to the palace, but to see exhibitions you need a ticket. Combined ticket for all three exhibitions: adults pre-booking €14, reduced €, under 17 free. (updated Aug 2018)
Gemäldegalerie Alte Meister (Old Masters Picture Gallery). Tu-Su 10:00-18:00, M closed. Also open Saturdays from 18:00-20:00 (more expensive ticket). Masterpieces from the 15th to the 18th centuries. Entrance only with the combined ticket. (updated Aug 2017)
Porzellansammlung (Porcelain Collection). Tu-Su 10:00-18:00, M closed. Individual tickets: adults €6, reduced €, under 17 free. (updated Aug 2017)
Mathematisch-Physikalischer Salon (Royal Cabinet of Mathematical and Physical Instruments). Tu-Su 10:00-18:00, M closed. Individual tickets: adults €6, reduced €, under 17 free. (updated Aug 2017)
Residenzschloss (Royal Palace), Taschenberg 2 (Schloßstraße at the corner of Taschenberg), ☏ +49 351 49142000, besucherservice@skd.museum. During the bombing of Dresden in February 1945 the interior of the palace was almost completely destroyed by fire. Only the part that is now the Historisches Grünes Gewölbe (and the basements) was unaffected. Due to lack of money and political will during the GDR and despite the efforts of volunteers and local organizations, restoration only took place after reunification in the 1990s. It is now a palace for art and science. The Royal Palace is part of the Dresden State Art Collections (SKD). Adults €14, reduced €, under 17 free. (updated Dec 2021)
Grünes Gewölbe (Green Vault). W-M 10:00-18:00, closed Tuesdays. Europe's most splendid treasure chamber museum. You can see the biggest green diamond and the court of Aurengzeb and its precious crown jewels. This is actually two museums, each requiring a separate ticket: Historic Green Vault (Historisches Grünes Gewölbe) is famous for the splendours of the historic treasure chamber as it existed in 1733, while the New Green Vault (Neues Grünes Gewölbe) focuses on each individual object in neutral rooms. €12, including Audioguide, children <16: free. Tickets for the Historisches Grünes Gewölbe have a clearly defined time limit. (updated Aug 2017)
Rüstkammer (Dresden Armoury). W-M 10:00-18:00, Tu closed. With Türckische Cammer (Turkish Chamber) and Riesensaal (New Giants’ Hall). (updated Aug 2017)
Kupferstich-Kabinett (Collection of Prints, Drawings and Photographs). W-M 10:00-18:00, closed Tuesdays. (updated Aug 2017)
Münzkabinett (Coin Cabinet). W-M 10:00-18:00, Tu closed. (updated Aug 2017)
Semperoper (Saxon State Opera and concert hall), Theaterplatz 2 ( 4 , 8 and 9 Theaterplatz), info@semperoper-erleben.de. Guided tours in English daily 15:00, frequent tours in German. One of the most beautiful opera houses in the world. The acoustics and the Staatskapelle orchestra are marvellous. Its history saw many operas of Wagner and Strauss having their first nights there. Make sure to book tickets in advance. Some last-minute tickets are available from the box office shortly before the performance starts. Seats which do not have a good view are very cheap, and you can sit on benches behind the seats, right at the top of the auditorium, for free. Tours in German are offered throughout the day. Varies for each performance. Guided tours: adults €13, photo fee per person €3. (updated Dec 2021)
Fürstenzug (Altstadt, near Brühlsche Terasse). This biggest porcelain painting of the world shows (almost) all Saxon princes, electors and kings on their horses and splendid parade uniforms. (There is only one female person at the painting, find it.) It leads to the "Stallhof" - the last preserved tournament place contained in a European castle. In winter, the Stallhof is the location of a medieval style Christmas market with a big fireplace.
Neue Synagoge (New Synagogue), Hasenberg 1 ( 3 and 7 Synagoge). The New Synagogue is on the site of what was the Semper Synagogue. The old one was designed by Gottfried Semper, who also designed the Semper Opera in Dresden. Erected in 1840 and destroyed by the Nazis in the pogroms of November 1938. Unlike the buildings in the Altstadt destroyed during the war, the synagogue was deliberately not rebuilt in the original style, Instead, a new, starkly modern synagogue was built in 2001, when Dresden's Jewish community (now around 700 members) had grown enough to justify a synagogue. The building is made of concrete made to look like the sandstone which is typical of the area. The worship hall has sharp angles and the complex includes a smaller building and stone courtyard. The design in striking in an austere way both on the outside and the inside. There are regular guided tours (in German), times listed here. Guided tour: adults €6, reduced €4. (updated Dec 2021)
Kulturpalast (Palace of Culture), Schloßstraße 2 (Tram Altmarkt), ☏ +49 351 4947390. The Kulturpalast, or Palace of Culture, is a socialist era building finished in 1969, standing right in the middle of the gradually reconstructed Altstadt, in stark contrast to the historic buildings surrounding it and supplanting some of the old buildings that closed the Altmarkt from the north before the second world war. It was originally planned to be a super-tall, ornate structure in the mould of the Palace of Culture in Warsaw, but ended up being a large concert hall with height on par with surrounding buildings, in an austere Bauhaus-inspired style. It is now a protected architectural monument, along with a giant socialist-realism themed mosaic on its western wall, facing Schloßstraße. Between 2012 and 2017 the Kulturpalast was completely renovated and now houses a concert hall, the city's main library and a Kabarett venue.
Brühlsche Terrasse (Brühl's Terrace) ( 4 8 and 9 Theaterplatz). The "Balcony of Europe" stretches for 500 m along the River Elbe, some 10 m over the water table, and being up to 20 m wide. Freely open to the public since 1814, it provides space shielded from the danger of flooding, as well as from motorized traffic (which runs directly below over the Terassenufer) for walking, relaxing and enjoying a meal or a drink to locals and visitors, with views of the picturesque Elbe and an impressive backdrop of historic buildings at its back.
Very nice, lively neighbourhood. Part alternative, part "pseudo-exclusive" and expensive. Check out the Bunte Republik Neustadt festival in June. But you shouldn't leave your bicycle unattended without a good lock, as there can be a serious risk of damage to your bicycle as well as your car, especially on weekend nights.
Dresden Baroque Quarter (Barockviertel Königstraße). Real baroque houses. The quarter reaches from the "Heinrichstraße" up to the "Albert Platz". On the Heinrichstr and in the surroundings you will find a lot of antique stores. It is the quarter where you will find different nice and small shops where the owner will serve you. It is the quarter of individuality.
Kunsthof Dresden (Entrance from Görlitzer Straße 21-25 or Alaunstraße 70). Two buildings in the middle of Neustadt with many small stores and some bars, many of them in the artistically decorated inner courtyards. The complex also has public artworks, art galleries, shops selling art, as well as coffee shops.
Pfunds Molkerei, Bautzner Straße 79. daily 10:00 - 16:00. A dairy shop which is in the 1998 Guinness Book of World Records as the most beautiful dairy in the world. Decorated with 247 m² of handmade tiles. (updated Dec 2021)
Dreikönigskirche, Hauptstraße 23, ☏ +49 351 8124101. For the tower: Mar-Oct: Tu 11:30-16:00, W-Sa 11:00-17:00, Su and holidays 11:30-17:00, M closed. Nov-Feb: W 12:00-16:00, Th-Sa 10:00-16:00, Su and holidays 11:30-16:30, M Tu closed. Last admission 30min before closing. You get a nice view of the whole city and the price of admission to climb the tower is lower than at the more famous Frauenkirche. For the tower: adults €5, reduced €4, children €6-17 €, under 10 free. (updated Dec 2022)
View over Großer Garten (Big Garden)
Großer Garten ("Big Garden") ( 10 and 13 Großer Garten). Recommended for relaxing and sports (rollerblades are very common). It's Dresden's "green lung" and can be reached easily by tram. You can also go on a ride on a seasonal miniature train through the park.
Dresden Zoo, Tiergartenstraße 1 ( 9 13 and bus 75 Zoo.). One of Germany's oldest zoos.
Gläserne Manufaktur (The Transparent Factory), Lennestr. 1 (at Straßburger Platz tram stop), ☏ +49 18 0589-6268, infoservice@glaesernemanufaktur.de. M-F 08:00-20:00. The Transparent Factory assembles the electric version of VW's Golf car. Visitors can test drive VW electric cars for 30 minutes (except Sundays). Tours three times a day in English M-Sa, once on Sundays. The Lesage Restaurant is at the same site and offers both lush dinners in the evening and reasonably-priced lunches 12:00-15:00. Until 2016, final assembly for various luxury VW cars took place here. Tour: adults €7, reduced €, families €15.
Yenidze, the "tobacco mosque"
Yenidze ("Tabakmoschee", the tobacco mosque) ( 6 and 11 Kongresszentrum/Haus der Presse). A unique building - once a cigarette factory - inspired by Ottoman architecture, including a mosque-like dome and a chimney shaped like a minaret. Nowadays an office building with event space. There is a restaurant in the upper floor.
Schwebebahn Dresden (Dresden Suspension Railway) (take bus 61, 63 or 84 to Körnerplatz Schwebebahn ). A historic suspension railway link between the low-lying Loschwitz district and the hill of Oberloschwitz. (updated Jan 2017)
Schloss Albrechtsberg (Albrechtsberg Palace) ( 11 Elbschlösser). The neoclassical castle above the Elbe river in Dresden's Loschwitz district was erected in 1854 and can be viewed best from the south side of the Elbe river.
Lingnerschloss (Villa Stockhausen) ( 11 Elbschlösser). The castle above the Elbe river was built from 1850 tom 1853 by Prince Albert of Prussia. The castle houses a restaurant and an outdoor terrace with beer garden that offers a fantastic view over the Elbe river and Dresden.
Elbe Valley. This used to be on the UNESCO World Heritage List, until the government decided to build the four-lane highway Waldschlösschen Bridge through the heart of it! So now it has joined Oman's Arabian Oryx Sanctuary as "one of only two un-UNESCO'd sites in the world" and is still a tourist attraction.
Elbwiesen (Elbe River Banks). Go to the (mostly) green river banks, especially in hot summer evenings/nights for a very nice view of the old parts and lot of people playing sports, having barbecues and parties. There are often big concerts and a huge movie screen offers "outdoor cinema."
Schloß Pillnitz (Pillnitz Castle), August-Böckstiegel-Straße 2 (Bus line 63 stops directly at the castle. Tram line 2 and bus line 88 stop on the southern side of the river and you will need to take the ferry. Paddle-steamers operate on a regular basis to Pillnitz (single from Dresden €, return €).), ☏ +49 351 26 13 260, pillnitz@schloesserland-sachsen.de. Park from 06:00 till dusk. Pillnitz is the old garden residence of the Saxon kings, built at the end of the 18th century in a Japanese but also English style outside of what was then-Dresden, as the closest out-of-town residence of the kings. Pillnitz was the summer residence of the Saxon kings till 1918, today it hosts concerts and cultural events.The site consists of the English garden, a Chinese garden and Chinese pavilion (with Chinese style buildings) and the Orangerie. During summer you will also see all kinds of tropical plants in pots standing in the gardens, but in winter they are all transferred into the Orangerie. There are however, many other indigenous and foreign plants to be discovered. A big attraction is the camellia. Imported at the end of the 18th century from Japan is it now the oldest in Europe. It flowers beautifully in spring. It stands in the open during summer, but is put in a mobile glass house for winter.The castle became known worldwide for the Declaration of Pillnitz by Emperor Leopold II and Frederick William II of Prussia. Calling on European powers to intervene, this declaration was intended to serve as a warning to the French revolutionaries not to infringe further on the rights of Louis XVI, and to allow his restoration to power. It helped begin the French Revolutionary Wars. There are no entry fees, although there still is a debate about a small fee.
Dresden Panometer (Asisi Panometer), Gasanstaltstraße 8b (64 Bus to "Nätherstraße" stop), ☏ +49 341 3555340, service@panometer.de. M-F 10:00-17:00, Sa Su and public holidays 10:00-18:00. Last admission 1 hr before closing. Huge 360° picture of a bombed-out Dresden imagined as it was in 1945, housed in a former gasworks. You climb a kind of tower in the centre of the gasworks to get a view over the city, with endless details to spot. Adults €, reduced €11, child €6, under 6 free. (updated Jul 2017)
Blaues Wunder (Loschwitz Bridge). The bridge is almost universally referred to as Blaues Wunder ("Blue Wonder"). The name is generally thought to be a reference to the colour of the bridge and to the fact it was considered a technical marvel when it opened in 1893. (updated Dec 2021)
Gohliser Windmühle. This beautiful old windmill was built in 1828 and is now a museum and tavern. It includes a beer garden; best reached using Elberadweg cycle route south of the Elbe river.
Dresden Castle (Residenzschloss) viewed from the Zwinger
The Staatliche Kunstsammlungen Dresden (SKD, Dresden State Art Collections), a state-owned institution, runs 15 museums in Dresden. Museums not listed here are covered above in the Zwinger Palace and the Residenzschloss (Royal Palace). An annual season ticket for all their museums costs €75 (in 2023).
Albertinum Museum, Tzschirnerplatz 2, ☏ +49 351 49142000. Tu-Su 10:00-18:00, M closed. The "New Masters" collections feature a wonderful range from romantic painters like Caspar David Friedrich to Rotloff and Van Gogh. The Albertinum is part of the Dresden State Art Collections (SKD). Adults €12, reduced €9, under 17 free. (updated Dec 2021)
Kunsthalle im Lipsius-Bau, Georg-Treu-Platz 1 (between Frauenkirche and Brühlsche Terrasse), ☏ +49 351 49142000. Tu-Su 10:00-18:00, M closed. Impressive building for the arts constructed in the 19th century. The Kunsthalle is part of the Dresden State Art Collections (SKD). Combination ticket Albertinum and Kunsthalle im Lipsiusbau Admission fee: €.
Japanisches Palais, Palaisplatz 11 (on the north bank of the Elbe between Augusbrücke and Marienbrücke), ☏ +49 351 49142000. The palace was bombed out and in its partially restored state houses several small museums, including a museum of natural history of the region and a display of assorted exotic garments (ethnological collection). The palace is part of the Dresden State Art Collections (SKD).
Part of Museen der Stadt Dresden
The municipal museums and galleries are grouped together as Museen der Stadt Dresden. They generally provide free entry every Friday (except on holidays).
Dresden City Museum (Stadtmuseum Dresden), Wilsdruffer Straße 2, ☏ +49 351 4887301. Tu-Th Sa Su and holidays 10:00-18:00, F 10:00-19:00, M closed. An additional webpage describes the museum in English. Adults €5, reduced €4, under 7 free. Free entry every Friday from 12:00 (except on holidays). A combination ticket with the Dresden City Art Museum is available. (updated Apr 2018)
Carl-Maria-von-Weber-Museum, Dresdner Straße 44 (Bus 63 - exit at bus stop Van-Gogh-Straße; could be combined with the nearby Pillnitz Castle), ☏ +49 351 2618234. W-Su 13:00-18:00, M Tu closed. Dedicated to Dresden's most famous composer. Part of the Dresden City Museum. An additional webpage describes the museum in English. Adults €4, reduced €3. Free entry every Friday from 13:00 (except on holidays). (updated Apr 2018)
Kunsthaus Dresden, Rähnitzgasse 8, ☏ +49 351 8041456. Tu-Th 14:00-19:00, F-Su 11:00-19:00, M closed. An exhibition hall for contemporary art. They also hold concerts, lectures, workshops and show movies. This additional webpage also describes the museum. Adults €4, reduced €. Free every Friday. (updated Apr 2018)
Leonhardi Museum, Grundstraße 26, ☏ +49 351 2683513. Tu-F 14:00-18:00, Sa Su 10:00-18:00, M closed. The building was used as a studio and museum by the artist Eduard Leonhardi (late Romanticism) until he died in 1905. From 1963 to 1990, contemporary art exhibitions showing works from progressive GDR artists were held despite many attempts by the Stasi to prevent nonconformist art. Nowadays it contains a permanent collection of works by Leonhardi, and changing contemporary exhibitions. An additional webpage describes the museum in English. Adults €4, reduced €, under 7 free. Free entry every Friday (except on holidays). (updated Apr 2018)
Dresden City Art Museum (Städtische Galerie Dresden), Wilsdruffer Straße 2, ☏ +49 351 4887372. Tu-Th Sa Su and holidays 10:00-18:00, F 10:00-19:00, M closed. Art from Dresden and the region with a main focus on the 20th century to the present. The collection also contains pieces of art dating back until the 16th century. Originally the collection was part of the Dresden City Museum in the same building, but was established as a separate museum in 2005. An additional webpage describes the museum in English. Adults €5, reduced €4, under 7 free. Free entry every Friday from 12:00 (except on holidays). A combination ticket with the Dresden City Museum is available. (updated Apr 2018)
Festung Dresden (Kasematten) (under the Brühlsche Terrasse (the terrace at the Elbe river)). Apr-Oct: daily 10:00-18:00; Nov-Mar: daily 10:00-17:00. The remains of the old fort. Gives you a glimpse of what a fort in a medieval European town was like. Tour: €4, €2 concessions.
Dresden Transport Museum (Verkehrsmuseum Dresden), Augustusstraße 1, ☏ +49 351 86440, info@verkehrs.museum. Tu-Su 10:00-18:00, M closed. The museum is housed in the Johanneum at the Neumarkt, near Frauenkirche. Adults €10, reduced €5, family €15. (updated Aug 2018)
Senckenberg Museum of Mineralogy ( 4 or 9 Palaisplatz).
Erich-Kästner-Museum, Antonstraße 1 ( 3 6 7 8 11 Albertplatz), ☏ +49 351 8045086. Su-W F 10:00-18:00, Tu and Sa closed. Dedicated to author, poet, screenwriter and satirist Emil Erich Kästner, known primarily for his humorous, socially astute poetry and children's literature such as Emil and the Detectives who was born and grew up in Dresden. Adults €5, reduced €3, under 6 free.
Military History Museum (Militärhistorisches Museum der Bundeswehr), Olbrichtplatz 2 ( 7 and 8 or bus line 91 Stauffenbergallee), ☏ +49 351 8232803. M 10:00-21:00, Tu Th-Su 10:00-18:00, last tickets sold at 17:00. Exhibits relating to Germany's military history - and the country's complicated relationship with its armed forces and warfare. 20,000 m² of indoor and outdoor exhibition space and a collection of  million exhibits. €5; Mondays free after 18:00. (updated Dec 2021)
German Hygiene Museum, Lingnerplatz 1 (near the Big Garden). Tu-Su and holidays 10:00-18:00, M closed. Last admission 30 min before closing. A comprehensive museum dedicated to "science, culture and society". Don't be put off by the old-fashioned name. The children's section and special/temporary exhibitions are also well worth checking out. Has signage in English as well as German although the German texts tend to be more exhaustive. Adults €10, reduced €5, under 16 free.
Semperoper. Go to a performance or take a tour. Be sure to book in advance. Details are in the listing in the See section.
Sächsische Staatskapelle Dresden. Referred to colloquially as the Staatskapelle Dresden, it is one of the oldest orchestras in the world, founded in 1548. Its home venue is the Semperoper. Principal conductor is Christian Thielemann. (updated Apr 2018)
Dresden Philharmonic (Dresdner Philharmonie). Orchestra founded in 1870. Their main venue is located in the Kulturpalast. Its principal conductor is Michael Sanderling. (updated Apr 2018)
Hochschule für Musik Carl Maria von Weber Dresden (Wettiner Platz 13), ☏ +49 351 4923696. The music conservatoire hosts regular concerts and events at various venues. (updated Apr 2018)
KlangNetz-Dresden, ☏ +49 351 4923613. A network of orchestras, musicians and ensembles organizing concerts with a focus on new music. (updated Apr 2018)
Theaterruine St. Pauli, Königsbrücker Platz ( S1 7 Dresden Bischofsplatz), ☏ +49 351 2721 444, kontakt@pauliruine.de. This ruin of a former Lutheran church that was bombed out in World War II is used as a theatre and concert venue nowadays and represents the cultural centre of the Hechtviertel district.
Rollber Blade Night, Lingnerallee (start opposite townhall at the big halfpipe). F 21:00-23:00. Blade Night starts at 21:00 every Friday from April to September, roughly 20 km through the city on blocked roads. Great fun and participation is free - you can rent rollerblades for €5. Free.
Dresden Monarchs ( 7 Kongresszentrum/ Haus der Presse). Usually Saturday 15:00. American Football - German Football League. Founded in 1992 they are the only "true eastern" (i.e. apart from Berlin) American Football team to play in the first division. A first division team since 2002 they have made the playoffs every year since 2003 with exceptions of 2007 and 2011. They lost the final of 2013 by one point - which remains their biggest success as of 2015. The season starts around May and the playoffs are in September. They play most of their home games in Heinz Steyer Stadion right across the street from Yendize. In most seasons at least one game is held in the "big stadium" where Dynamo usually plays. Expect more announcements than usual for this game in particular. Occasional games, all youth games and some special events are also held at their training grounds at  Bärnsdorfer Straße in Neustadt. (updated May 2016)
Dynamo Dresden, Rudolf Harbig Stadion. One of the best soccer teams of what was East Germany, they have been struggling on and off the field. They were relegated in 2020 and now play soccer in 3. Liga, the third tier of the game in Germany but are still fervently loved by their fans who have a sort of rowdy reputation in other parts of Germany. Their home stadium (capacity 32,000) is 1 km southeast of city centre. (updated Aug 2020)
Dresdner Eislöwen. Ice hockey - Second National League.
Dresdner SC. Volleyball women - First National League.
Elberadweg (Elbe Cycle Route). Do a bicycling tour on this popular cycle route along the Elbe river that offers spectacular views. The Elberadweg is a 1220-km-long cycleway, and within Dresden it follows the Elbe river on both sides from the very southeast to Niederwartha in the very northwest.
Ice skating at the JoyNext Arena ( 10 , Bus 94 Krankenhaus Friedrichstadt stop). Indoor and outdoor, daily from the end of October to beginning of March. Skate rental available. "Ice Disco" with a DJ on Saturday evenings. Adults €, children €, €6 for ice disco. (updated Oct 2016)
Rollerblading or rowing in small boats on the Carolasee in the Großer Garten.
Stauseebad Cossebaude (Stausee Niederwartha), Meißner Straße 26 (Bus 75, 404, 423 Cossebaude An den Winkelwiesen), info@dd-baeder.de. On hot summer days, go swimming or windsurfing at this public bathing pool at the Stausee Niederwartha reservoir. Also includes a long waterslide and beach volleyball courts. Adults €, children €.
You can expect all kinds of everything from Bunte Republik Neustadt
Filmfest Dresden (International Short Film Festival). In April. Short movies are shown throughout the cinemas of Dresden with entrants from a variety of countries, most of them with German or English subtitles. (updated May 2023)
Dixieland Festival. Europe's biggest jazz festival. It normally takes place in the second week of May and attracts bands and visitors from all over Europe, America and the rest of the world. A great deal of the music is played on the top decks of paddleboats in front of the Old Town.
Bunte Republik Neustadt (BRN) ("Colourful Republic Neustadt"). A massive yearly street festival that consumes the Neustadt part of Dresden in June. The festival consists of many stages featuring local musicians of different styles. The festivities run very late into the night with plenty of booths offering a wide variety of food and drink. If you plan to overnight, it is advisable to book accommodation outside of the Neustadt area during BRN.
Filmnächte (on the banks of the Elbe, just across the castle on the other side of the river). June to August. A huge movie screen offers cinema (in German) in a beautiful setting and there are also many concerts with popular stars. Again, it is the biggest event of its kind in Europe!
Hechtfest, Hechtviertel (S-Bahn S1, Tram 7, Bus 477: Bischofsplatz), ☏ +49 176 73190302, kontakt@hecht-viertel.de. 3rd weekend of August. This annual three-day alternative street festival in Dresden's trendy Hechtviertel district offers dozens of street and backyard concerts, street raves, food stands, flea market, art and interactive performances, and attracts thousands of visitors from Dresden and beyond. The festival spans all streets in the Hechtviertel, with Rudolf-Leonhard-Straße and Hechtstraße being the main arteries.
Ostrale, Zur Messe 9, ☏ +49 351 6533763. One of Germany's biggest expositions of contemporary art, the Ostrale was begun in 2007 on the Ostragehege, a former abattoir. The area is located on a peninsula created by the river Elbe, and is in the heart of the former world heritage site. The buildings are in strong need of restauration, which means that it is unclear whether the next exposition can return to these original grounds. This is amongst the reasons the organizers have decided to change it into a biennial starting with the 2017 exposition. In the years without an exposition in Dresden, the Ostrale will be guest in foreign cities. (updated Sep 2017)
Dresden Night of Museums (Museumsnacht Dresden), ☏ +49 351 4880. At the end of June/beginning of July. An annual event opening many museums for one night (between 18:00 and 24:00). The ticket gives access to all participating museums, and provides free public transport. Adults €13, reduced €9, under 6 free. (updated Dec 2021)
Striezelmarkt ( 1 2 4 Altmarkt — you can walk from Postplatz if you can't make a connection). From the end of November until Christmas. One of Germany's oldest Christmas Markets. Located at the Altmarkt, all kinds of stalls selling among other things mulled wine (Glühwein) - delicious! Expect to pay a deposit for the mug/glass. Expect crowded streets and traffic jams. Avoid driving in the inner city around that time if you can to preserve your sanity. There are plenty of other Christmas markets in Dresden, including the medieval market at the Stallhof.
One of the many paddle steamers operating on the river Elbe
Paddle-Steamer Tour. Best start your tour from the main pier at the castle and go down to Meissen or up to Pillnitz or Saxon Switzerland.
Math Adventure Land (website in German). An entertaining hands-on exhibition on mathematics. Suitable for all ages, multilingual. Open Tuesdays to Sundays in the Technology Museum, Junghansstr. 1-3.
Audio tour: Jewish life in Dresden 1933-1945. Download the free map and audio tracks (in English) and take yourself on a walk covering the history of Jewish life in Dresden from 1933 to 1945. You will need several hours. (updated Dec 2021)
The busy Centrum Galerie on Prager Straße
The main shopping district in Dresden extends along the pedestrianized Prager Straße, which runs from the Wiener Straße at the feet of the Hauptbahnhof to Dr.-Külz-Ring, and its extension Seestraße, which culminates in the Altmarkt, where the historic core of the city starts. Those streets are mostly filled with modern shopping centres, department stores and street-level retail, as well as national and international restaurant chains. There is nothing unique or exciting on offer, but the area is rather pleasant. More fancy and upmarket shops are generally clustered around the Frauenkirche. The larger stores traditionally cater to wealthy Russians and there is usually someone who speaks Russian and sometimes also Czech. English proficiency has historically been lacking, but Dresden is catching up fast and the more upmarket places will certainly be able to find someone who speaks sufficient English to deal with a potentially lucrative customer.
The pedestrianized Prager Straße is Dresden's main shopping district
Altmarkt-Galerie, Webergasse 1, ☏ +49 351 482040. A huge shopping centre which practically fills the western side of Seestraße and has an appearance of being many separate buildings, but they are in fact all interconnected. You can find everything from premium boutiques to very affordable shops there, as well as a fitness centre and even an ibis budget hotel (see "Sleep" section of this guide).
Centrum Galerie, along Prager Straße. Shopping centre built on the site of a "Centrum Warenhaus" (an East German department store chain, from which the present-day shopping centre also takes its name), which was demolished and rebuilt with some exterior elements reminiscent of the original building. Now hosts east Germany's first Primark, which seems to be a huge draw for shoppers. In the summer there is an (artificial) beach on the roof where soccer matches and "Tatort" are shown. There is no cover charge but expect to be searched for beverages as they sell drinks to recoup costs.
Elbepark Dresden, Peschelstraße 33 ( 9 13 buses 64,70,72,80: "Dresden ElbePark"), ☏ +49 351 853560, centermanagement.dresden@cmc-verwaltung.de. Dresden's largest shopping centre, close to the Dresden-Neustadt exit of the A9 Autobahn. The shopping area includes an Ikea, a Möbel Höffner, a Media Markt and an UCI Kinowelt cinema.
Galeria (formerly Karstadt). M-Sa 10:00 - 20:00. The quintessential German department store, covering everything from apparel and footwear through groceries and delicatessen.
Prager Zeile. One of the longest residential buildings in Germany. Some shops on the ground floor.
dead link Prager Spitze (at the southern end of Prager Straße). Modern building with all types of shops and amenities.
Glaskugelhaus (next to the main station). Building in reference to the Dresden spherical house (Kugelhaus), which was destroyed by the Nazis in 1938.
In the Äußere Neustadt area (north/east of Albertplatz), many small shops sell books, vinyl records and clothing. The Innere Neustadt (between Albertplatz and Elbe, mainly Haupstraße and Königstraße) is rather on a medium-to-fancy level.
ZentralOhrgan, Louisenstraße 22 ( 7 Louisenstraße), ☏ +49 351 8010075, info@zentralohrgan.de. 11:00–19:00. Well-known record store that was founded shortly after the Peaceful Revolution and offers new and second-hand vinyl.
Farmers markets are organized throughout the week, selling regional products at various locations.
Neustädter Markthalle, Metzer Straße 1, ☏ +49 351 8105445. M-Sa 08:00-20:00, closed on Sundays. Opening hours of individual stalls varies. A market hall. (updated Apr 2018)
Dresden is particularly famous for its Stollen (a Christmas cake made from yeast dough with raisins, butter and almonds) Locals perennially discuss which bakery bakes the best Stollen. Another speciality is Dresdner Eierschecke, a cake with three layers: a thin base of yeast dough, a layer of quark pudding in the middle, and a broad layer of egg yolk cream on top.
Dresdner Wiegebraten is a mixture of minced pork, beef, white bread, eggs and spices. It is usually served with boiled or fried potatoes and sauce, often with vegetables. You can try it at the zum Wiegebraten restaurant.
The most typical fast (and inexpensive) food in Germany those days is doner kebab (Döner Kebap), typically served as a kind of sandwich in pita (flat bread) with salad and sauce. A typical kebab including a large drink should be around €5-6. The next step above doner kebab is Italian food. There are a certain number of ethnic restaurants scattered through the city, and if you go out to the eastern part of town, you will find lots of charming cafés and Volkshäuser that serve good food. As Dresden has a lower number of recent immigrants in general and people of Turkish descent in particular, the ethnic food is more of the Vietnamese or "Asian" variety, as those are the main immigrant groups in Dresden.
Within the historic centre (Altstadt) and especially around the Frauenkirche are a number of restaurants, serving many different tastes. Be aware that, as this is a tourist hotspot, there are many tourist traps here which you may find overpriced and of low quality.
The Neustadt accounts for most of the trendy pubs, bars and clubs, and the majority of the restaurants in the city. You will generally have better luck finding decent food for a reasonable price north of Albertplatz in Neustadt.
The eastern part of the city, toward the Blaues Wunder (the colloquial name of the historic Elbe bridge Loschwitzer Brücke), has a lower density of restaurants than Neustadt, and they tend to also serve as cafés, and the food is generally tasty and cheap.
Curry am Schloss, Schloßstraße 1. Tiny bar/restaurant. Claims to have "best currywurst" in Dresden. Also sells breaded cauliflower. (updated Sep 2022)
Good Friends, Wiener Platz 10. Small Asian fast food restaurant (updated Sep 2022)
Curry24, Wilsdruffer Str. 24. Delicious fries, delicious curry sausage, friendly service and with a pleasant Dresden dialect. Also great for Frankfurter and Krakauer sausages. Plus Saxon charm. (updated Sep 2022)
Center Döner, St. Petersburger Straße 20. Doner kebab, staff, seating... all great. Nice, suitable atmosphere. The Dürüm is a dream. (updated Sep 2022)
Vita Life Soup & Sushi, Prager Str. 2A. Try traditional Vietnamese pho. Good, freshly prepared food. Simply authentic. (updated Sep 2022)
Tokyo Kaiten Sushi, Wilsdruffer Str. 20. All you can eat for one hour. Dishes travel past most tables on conveyor belts, allowing you to take what you want. Tasty and varied. (updated Sep 2022)
Sushi Lounge, Wilsdruffer Str. 17. great quality sushi; Japanese-style murals on the walls. (updated Mar 2023)
Kantine No.2, Görlitzer Str. The best burgers in the Neustadt. Just grab one and eat at the corner where all the people sitting and have beer from the Späti (like an off-licence with longer opening hours). (updated Sep 2022)
Curry & Co., Louißenstraße 64. Serves currywurst, a Berlin invention, with several flavours of sauce. Best fries in the city. Also has vegan wursts and ice cream. There is also one in Schillerplatz. (updated Sep 2022)
Pizza 5, Alaunstraße 4 (from Albertplatz head towards äußere Neustadt), ☏ +49 162 4603991. Daily from 11:00. At the "entrance" of Neustadt, this pizza place may not look like much, but the pies (30 cm) are good value for the money. Also try the "Pizzabrötchen", small rolls filled with various ingredients. They offer call for pickup but no delivery. 8 Pizzabrötchen for €, every pizza € (Apr 2016). (updated Sep 2022)
Pizzastube, Hechtstr. 12. Best pizza at the edge of the Neustadt. Some people say it's actually in the Hecht district, but you can walk there and it's worth it! (updated Sep 2022)
Keké Kumpir, Louisenstr. 21. Kumpir is a kind of Turkish baked potato (updated Sep 2022)
Babos, Katharinenstraße 20, ☏ +49 351 - 804 06 66. 09:00-16:00 (until 05:00 Saturday and Sunday mornings). A kebab place with a good reputation. They have several outlets throughout town. (updated Sep 2022)
Dürüm Kebap Haus, ☏ +49 351 - 80 26 279. Reputed as one of the best kebab joints in town. This is the original site of the reputed Dürum Kebap Haus, now also found in Prager-Straße 32 (Prager Zeile) in the Altstadt. (updated Sep 2022)
You may want to choose one of the various restaurants on the Brühlsche Terrasse adjacent to the river Elbe - especially in summer time this a wonderful place to be. The view and the drinks are very pleasant. Alternatively, you may choose to go to Münzgasse, lying directly beside the Frauenkirche. The little street is full of restaurants, from glamorous and expensive to the cheaper ones.
Grand Café & Restaurant Coselpalais, An der Frauenkirche 12, ☏ +49 351 496 24 44. Open daily 10:00-00:00. An expensive café and restaurant on the backside of the Frauenkirche. (updated Sep 2022)
Italienisches Dörfchen, Theaterplatz 3, ☏ +49 351 498160. One of the most stylish places in town - the baroque pavilion features various restaurants decorated with old paintings and furniture. The prices are higher than elsewhere, but still affordable. Go for the cakes! (updated Sep 2022)
Mamma Mia, Kreuzstraße 1-3 (Pirnaische Platz or Altmarkt tram stops). Italian food with locally made pasta. (updated Sep 2022)
Hans im Glück, Altmarkt 24 (Altmarkt tram stop). Fast casual burgers in all kinds of variations. A Germany-wide franchise. (updated Sep 2022)
Augustiner an der Frauenkirche, An der Frauenkirche 16/17, ☏ +49 351 49776650. German (Bavarian and Saxon) food. The beer is from famous brewery in Munich and is especially good. €10-15/person.
LadenCafé aha, Kreuzstraße 7, ☏ +49 351 496-0673. Daily 10:00-24:00. Hearty vegetarian and vegan food in a family-friendly and comfortable environment, also serves a wide variety of free trade teas and coffees. €10-15/person.
Zum Schießhaus, Am Schießhaus 19, ☏ +49 351 4845990. M-Sa 11:00-23:45, Su 11:00-23:15. This farmhouse-restaurant is not so easy to find. It lies behind the "Herzogin Garten" (which is a ruin) and behind the opera-house. The large Biergarden is a very relaxing place, has good food and good prices and is very pleasant. Mains around €15.
Brennessel, Schützengasse 18, ☏ +49 351 4943319. Daily 11:00-24:00. Restaurant, offering many vegetarian dishes, and pub. Mains €15.
Ausonia, Königstraße 9 (Tram 9: Dresden Palaisplatz, Tram 3,7,8: Dresden Albertplatz), ☏ +49 351 8033123, info@ristorante-ausonia.de. Very good Italian restaurant right in the middle of the Königstraße baroque quarter. Also known for its colourful porcelain figurines. (updated Sep 2022)
Ballhaus Watzke, Kötschenbroder Straße 1 (Tram 4,9: Dresden Altpieschen), ☏ +49 351 852920, fax: +49 351 8529222, verkauf@watzke.de. Late 19th century brewery, ballroom, restaurant and beer garden with a nice view over the Elbe river. (updated Sep 2022)
Brauhaus am Waldschlößchen, Am Brauhaus 8b. Traditional German cuisine with a taste of beer brewed on site. Located on a hill with a splendid view over Elbe riverside from the garden. The food is recommended if you want to experience what German cuisine should taste like. (updated Sep 2022)
Raskolnikoff, Böhmische Straße 34 (Close to the Lutherkirche.). Once a very alternative restaurant, it now features sand on the floors, a red lamp in front of the door and a very nice garden with a fountain. In summer it is difficult to get in. Food and prices are good. (updated Sep 2022)
Rosengarten, Carusufer 12 (on the north bank of the Elbe at the edge of the park just east of Albertbrücke). A café bordering one of the public rose gardens of Dresden's riverside park, with plenty of outside seating in nice weather. The food is acceptable, but nothing special. The view is gorgeous. Worth a stop for a hot chocolate or an ice cream. (updated Sep 2022)
Sankt Pauli, Tannenstraße 56 (S-Bahn S1, Tram 7: Dresden Bischofsplatz), ☏ +49 351 2751482, info@sankt-pauli.in. Popular bar, café and restaurant right at the heart of the trendy Hechtviertel district with Sunday brunch and a large outdoor area. (updated Sep 2022)
Vecchia Napoli, Alaunstraße 33, ☏ +49 351 8029055. A good Italian restaurant, with a wood fired pizza oven. You can get a pizza or pasta, or a full multicourse meal. Generally very busy, and the food is excellent. €15-40.
Watzke Brauereiausschank am Goldenen Reiter, Hauptstraße 1, ☏ +49 351-8106820. One of their three locations in Dresden and is a great place to go to taste Saxon cuisine. Their own-brew beer is fantastic. €10-15/person.
Hot Shüzzle (Thai Restaurant Dresden Hot Shüzzle), Rothenburger Straße 9 (from Albertplatz go toward Alaunstraße, first street right to Rothenburger Straße right again). M-Sa 11:00-17:00. Real Thai street food. With a chef from Thailand, Hot Shüzzle has the most authentic Thai food in Dresden. €5-7.
Die Scheune, Alaunstraße 36/40. "The barn" is a restaurant with a large beer garden in an alternative style - Don't be shocked by the punks in front. On warm summer nights you will have trouble finding a free spot. Good prices. Serves Indian food. Lots of concerts and events.
Elbegarten Demnitz, Friedrich-Wieck-Straße 18, ☏ +49 351 2106443, info@elbegarten.de. Large beer garden right south of the Blaues Wunder bridge with a fantastic view over the Elbe river and regular live music events. (updated Sep 2022)
Historisches Fischhaus, Fischhausstraße 14 (on the road into the Albertpark to the northeast of the city and 800 m from the B6), ☏ +49 351 899100. M-F 11:30-24:00, Sa 11:00-24:00, Su 11:00-23:00. As one of the oldest inns in Dresden, its history can be traced back to 1573 - long enough for the road to be named after it. (updated Sep 2022)
SchillerGarten, Schillerplatz 9, ☏ +49 351 811990. Reservations recommended. Yes, all the tour buses pull up here, but that doesn't stop the locals from heading to SchillerGarten either. A good selection of German cuisines, including an excellent schnitzel. In the summer, there is a huge biergarten along the Elbe and nice views of the Blaues Wunder. (updated Sep 2022)
Volkshaus Laubegast, Laubegaster Ufer 22 ( 4 to the end station Laubegast and walk towards the Elbe River), ☏ +49 351 2509377. A simple local eatery and café right on the river. The food tends to be stereotypically German (schnitzel, sausages, and the like) and is generally good. Their fried potatoes are excellent, though their green vegetables are overcooked. Has a nice view of the Elbe and outside seating. €10-20 (Jan 2017). (updated Sep 2022)
Cafe Toscana, Schillerplatz 7 (in the Blasewitz quarter, right by the Blaues Wunder bridge), ☏ +49 351 310-0744. Daily. A pleasant café with a pastry shop (Konditorei) and a restaurant. The cakes are gorgeous and will help you understand why the café is famous. The décor is fairly new, given the very long history of the place (it was named after Louise von Toscana, the run-away princess who divorced the King of Saxony). The terrace is beautiful and overlooks the river and the famous "Blaue Wunder" bridge. Generally it's full of locals on Saturday afternoons who come to chat. €8-20.
Villa Marie, Fährgässchen 1 (just below the Blaues Wunder on the west side), ☏ +49 351 315 440. Excellent food, excellent ambiance. Italian food done really well. Reservations strongly recommended. Try to get it on the first floor with its views of the Elbe and the Blaues Wunder, or out on their garden. (updated Sep 2022)
Elements, Königsbrücker Straße 96, Haus 25-26, ☏ +49 351 27 21 696, lebensart@restaurant-elements.de. Located in a former industrial area in the east of Dresden, this restaurant has been awarded a Michelin guide star. (updated Sep 2022)
The Strietzelmarkt (Christmas market) in the heart of Altstadt
The area around the Frauenkirche and Dresden Castle is very popular with tourists. Some fine restaurants are located there. The Weiße Gasse is just around the corner of the Altmarkt near the shopping centre and the historical town. A good alternative if you do not want to go to the Neustadt.
Bar Peanuts, Brühlsche Terrasse, ☏ +49 351 8642838. Small, cozy bar is located at the corner of the Hilton overlooking the Elbe. Peanut shells are scattered on the floor and as the name suggests, peanuts are the central theme. Cocktails and beer are the main draws here, along with the spectacular view.
Bärenzwinger, Brühlscher Garten 1, ☏ +49 351-495-1409. This popular student club is a good choice for its full schedule of nightly activities, including readings, live music, and discussions.
Gisela Club, Löbtauer Straße 80 (Tram 7, Wernerstraße), ☏ +49 351 8020066, office@gisela.club. 22:00. Homely club in the Löbtau district with a living-room-atmosphere, three floors and an outdoor area. Various events from indie to house music.
Kraftwerk Mitte, Wettiner Platz 7 (S-Bahn S1,S2, Tram 1,2,6,7,8,10,11,12, Bus 94: "Dresden Bahnhof Mitte"), ☏ +49 351 41884699, info@kraftwerk-club.de. 23:00. One of Dresden's largest nightclubs, hosting parties, raves, concerts and festivals in a former coal-fired power plant.
Paulaner's, Am Taschenberg 3, ☏ +49 351 4960174, info@paulaners-dresden.de. Popular beer hall sells a selection of well-brewed local and regional favorites. A full menu is offered, and outside seating is available.
Riesa efau, Adlergasse 14, ☏ +49 351-866-0222, fax: +49 351-866-0211. The pub is managed by a local events group and features a wide selection of drinks along with a regular slate of activities and entertainment. Good menu of regional beers and mixed drinks, as well as non-alcoholic drinks and coffees. Live music is frequently featured.
The Neustadt is a very popular destination, especially for younger people. It has a high number of bars and clubs, with many different styles. Especially the Äußere Neustadt neighborhood north of Albertplatz with its centre Alaunstraße is filled with places to go, but also the Alter Schlachthof and the Hechtviertel neighborhood in the Leipziger Vorstadt district and the Industriegelände in the very north offer several venues.
Alter Schlachthof, Gothaer Str. 11 (S-Bahn: Dresden-Neustadt, Tram 4,9: Dresden Alter Schlachthof), ☏ +49 351 431310, info@aust-konzerte.com. Popular concert venue in an old slaughterhouse building from the 19th century.
Altes Wettbüro, Antonstraße 8 (S-Bahn: Dresden-Neustadt station, Tram 6,11: "Dresden Albertplatz"), ☏ +49 351 6588983, kontakt@altes-wettbuero.de. Bar-club and restaurant in a former casino fitted with vintage furniture and radios. Offers good meals, live DJs, dance parties and concerts.
Blue Note, Görlitzer Straße 2b, ☏ +49 351 8014275. This is the Dresden Jazz point. In the web page you may find the schedule of concerts. There is always very good music. This is a place to sit and enjoy good music. The scotch bar has very good drinks to enjoy during the concert.
Blumenau, Louisenstraße 67, ☏ +49 351 8026502. This popular nightspot is considered one of the best in the city for its ambience, friendly service, and selection of drinks.
Café 100, Alaunstraße 100, ☏ +49 351-801-7729. This full-service nightspot features a café, wine bar, and pub.
Café Europa, Königsbrücker Straße 68, ☏ +49 351-389-923. This pleasant café and bar is a great choice for a pre-dinner cocktail or late-night snack. The café closes only one hour a day, so stop by any time. In addition to great drinks, the menu also features a full breakfast menu, which young locals and visitors appreciate after a late night on the town. (updated Oct 2016)
Club Paula, Meschwitzstraße 9 ( S2 Dresden Industriegelände), ☏ +49 351 2630864, tompo.combo@googlemail.com. 12:00. Fancy minimalistic techno club in a decommissioned electrical substation with a high-class international DJ lineup.
Club Puschkin, Leipziger Str. 12 (Tram 4,9: Dresden Alter Schlachthof), ☏ +49 172 7956789, info@clubpuschkin.de. 23:00. Concert venue in the Leipziger Vorstadt district, hosting mostly German bands.
Citybeach Dresden, Leipziger Str. 31 (Tram 4,9: Dresden Alter Schlachthof), kontakt@citybeachdresden.de. Beach bar with electronic music, a nice view over the Elbe river, and the option to play beach volleyball.
Downtown, Katharinenstraße 11-13. The most popular club in the Neustadt. They play mostly mainstream/top 40/1980s music. If this place isn't your scene, you can always go upstairs to Groove Station.
Groove Station, Katharinenstraße 11-13. Sits on top of Downtown and has more alternative music. They often have live bands.
Hebeda's, Rothenburger Str. 30. This pub is quite popular with locals, especially on Friday and Saturday nights. The old East German furniture gives it a cozy and retro feel. Beer is cheap and there's a small dance floor for those who feel like dancing. (updated Oct 2016)
Katy's Garage, Alaunstraße 48. If you're walking around Neustadt, you can't miss the beer garden at Katy's Garage. It's a great place to have a drink when it's warm outside. When the beer garden closes at around 22:00, you can make your way into their night club, which consists mostly of rock music.
Klub NEU, Gothaer Straße 12 ( 9 Alter Schlachthof), ☏ +49 351 30710065, kontakt@kleinviehdresden.de. 23:00. Techno club in an old slaughterhouse in the Leipziger Vorstadt district.
Lebowski-Bar, Görlitzer Str. 5. A tiny bar themed after the movie The Big Lebowski. Several TVs show it on a constant loop (with subtitles and muted sound). (updated Oct 2016)
Louisengarten, Louisenstraße 43. Located a few meters from Katy's Garage, this beer garden is only open when it's warm outside. You can come here and relax with a Lenin's Hanf, a delicious beer brewed in the Neustadt.
Mona Lisa ( 13 Görlitzer Straße), ☏ +49 351-803-3151. This city centre nightspot features a Mexican theme and a full menu, along with plenty of beers and well-mixed drinks.
objekt klein a, Meschwitzstraße 9 ( S2 Dresden Industriegelände), hey@objektkleina.com. 12:00. Industrial-style techno club in the northern industrial area of Dresden.
Ost-Pol, Königsbrücker Straße 47. Ost-Pol (translation: East-Pole) is a bar with a retro East German feel to it. They often have live bands, but the place is still good to go for a beer when there's no live music. The beer is pretty cheap, and is one of the few places with Pilsner Urquell on tap. There might be a cover charge on some nights, though. (updated Oct 2016)
Pinta Bar, Louisenstraße 49. Pinta specializes in cocktails. It is very popular on Friday and Saturday nights. When the place is busy, the service is slow.
Planwirtschaft, Louisenstraße 20, ☏ +49 351-801-3187. This quaint bar and restaurant is in a refurbished wine cellar. The drinks menu is extensive and served by energetic staff.
Sektor Evolution, An der Eisenbahn 2 – Industriegelände, 01099 Dresden. Club in the northern industrial area of Dresden, focusing on techno, house and psytrance parties, but also staging art and theater events. Many guests use drugs.
Studiobar, Görlitzer Str. 1. The best cocktails in town are available here. Located on the 2nd floor, it is a little bit hard to find. From the entrance, go into the main floor bar and straight to the back. There is a staircase that leads up to the second floor. Smoking is allowed here.
Sidedoor, Böhmische Str. 38, info@sidedoor-dresden.de. Good selection of beers and the tastiest Long Islands you've had since college.
Tante-JU, An der Schleife 1 ( S2 Dresden Industriegelände), ☏ +49 351 30710065, info@tanteju.com. 19:00. Popular live music club in an old warehouse furnished with airline seats in Dresden's northern industrial area.
Wohnzimmer Dresden ("living room"), Jordanstraße 27 (Tram 3,6,11: Albertplatz, Tram 7,8: Louisenstraße), ☏ +49 351 2522555, info@wohnzimmer-dresden.de. This cozy retro café and bar right at Alaunstraße, which is fitted out with vintage furniture, offers cocktails and cake and on Sundays from 17:00 live concerts from indie to electronica.
Dresden charges a lodging tax (Beherbergungssteuer), which anyone offering accommodation has to collect from their guests. Often the tax is not listed on booking websites. The charge depends on the cost of the room and is charged per night. It is 6% (as of May 2024). Detailed information is available in English here. Some groups are exempt from paying the tax, including minors. Travellers on a business trip are no longer exempt from the tax.
Since Dresden regained its status as a popular tourist destination, it has also developed a large accommodation base for every taste and budget. There are many new and refurbished properties, and competition is fierce due to slight overcapacity resulting from overly optimistic development. It pays off to research well for good offers even at normally expensive hotels, especially off-season.
When selecting your accommodation, keep in mind that Dresden is actually a very large city by area. Most attractions are all within a very small distance in the city centre on both banks of the Elbe. However, if you choose to base yourself outside the centre, you may find yourself far away from points of interest and with very little to do in the area.
If you're staying at a youth hostel (IYHF): If you are not a member of DJH or your own country's youth hostel association, you need a € "welcome stamp" for each night in a hostel.
ibis Budget Dresden City (formerly ETAP hotel), Wilsdruffer Straße 25, ☏ +49 351 83 393 820. Check-in: 15:00, check-out: 12:00. This ibis Budget is in the Altmarkt-Galerie shopping centre. Rooms featuring an extra third bunk bed also available. Rooms are very basic, with the shower accessible directly from the room and the sink/vanity right in the room. €61.
Jugendgästehaus Dresden, Maternistr. 22 (next to "World Trade Center" - train-stop "Freiberger Straße), ☏ +49 351-492620, dresden@jugendherberge.de. A youth hostel (IYHF). A few minutes by foot from the historic city centre. This large 480 bed hostel is in a former GDR boarding school. The hostel has small 2 & 4 bed bedrooms. Room with breakfast from €26 for those under 26, older guests pay €34. (updated Dec 2021)
Rudi Arndt, Hübnerstr. 11, ☏ +49 351-4710667. A youth hostel (IYHF). 900 m from the Hauptbahnhof in the quiet Swiss Quarter. Includes two dining rooms, two seminar rooms, a club room, terrace and cellar bar. From € (April 2022).
A&O Hostel, Strehlener Str. 10, ☏ +49 351 469271-5900. Near the main train station, so it is very easy to get there and the prices are usually attractive. The rooms aren't equipped that well. No kitchen. Free and easy internet access. 1 bed in a 6-bunk room €19-26 (April 2022), if booked far in advance from €13 (April 2022).
Kangaroo Stop Hostel, Erna-Berger-Str. 8-10 01097 Dresden, ☏ +49 351 314 34 55, info@kangaroo-stop.de. Very good and clean hostel in the Neustadt district within a few minutes walking distance of the Dresden Neustadt train station. A kitchen, hammock, bar, lawn and computers are situated are at this hostel. (updated Sep 2019)
Mondpalast, Louisenstraße 77, ☏ +49 351 5634050. Very clean and bright rooms from 10-bed dorm rooms up to en suite doubles with balcony and TV. Lounge, bar, and a self-service kitchen. (updated May 2022)
Lollis Homestay, Görlitzer Str. 34, ☏ +49 351 8108458. Member of the I-hostels network. This homey hostel offers a well-equipped kitchen, nice rooms, and free (old) bike rental. The bikes come in handy because it's in the north area of the Neustadt. On their website and on Hostelworld it's 2 nights minimum, on booking.com it can be booked from 1 night. (updated May 2022)
Ferienwohnung im Wasserwerk Trachau, Aachener Straße 31, ☏ +49 351-8475445. The apartment is suitable for up to three adults or a family with two children. Bus stop right in front of the house. Safe parking available. Nice apartment with lovely garden. €55 (May 2022)
The Ibis Zentrum hotel on Prager Straße (The third building pictured is now Holiday Inn Express Dresden Zentrum)
Hotel Am Terrassenufer Dresden, Terrassenufer 12. Near the Elbe and historic centre with outstanding view.
Penck Hotel Dresden, Ostra-Allee 33. Contemporary art gallery hotel with restaurant and bar as well as a healthclub and free Wi-Fi access. €63.
Dorint Hotel Dresden, Grunaer Straße 14, ☏ +49 351 49150, info.dresden@dorint.com. 244 rooms, huge wellness area, 14 conference rooms from €77 per room/night.
Premier Inn Dresden City Zentrum, Dr-Kuelz Ring 15a. €65.
Ibis Dresden Zentrum, Prager Straße, ☏ +49 351 4856-2000, reservierung@ibis-dresden.de. One hotel in two buildungs on Prager Straße, near the Hauptbahnhof. In addition to the standard rooms, they offer studios for up to three people and apartments for up to four people. €59.
InterCityHotel, Wiener Platz 8. True to its name, the InterCityHotel faces the Hauptbahnhof. €120.
Maritim Hotel & International Congress Center Dresden, Devrienstraße 10-12. €85.
Motel One Dresden an Zwinger, Postplatz 5, ☏ +49 351 438380. The more expensive Motel One in Dresden is on the edge of Innere Altstadt, and indeed reasonably close to the Zwinger, even if you won't see it from most rooms. Like every other Motel One, it features modern design and a very predictable, standardized experience. €69 per night/room, breakfast buffet €.
Holiday Inn Express Dresden Zentrum, Prager Strasse 13, ☏ +49 351 31261760, DE01.reception@lrohotels.com​. ~€70 per night.
Garnisonkirche (garrison church) in the Neustadt
Courtyard by Marriott Dresden, Stauffenbergallee 25a, ☏ +49 351 81510. Halfway between the airport and the old town, this hotel is a considerable distance from most points of interest.
Amedia Hotel Dresden Elbpromenade, Hamburger Straße 64/68, ☏ +49 351 42520, fax: +49 351 4252420. On the outskirts of Dresden, right on the river Elbe. It has 103 rooms with Wi-Fi access, which is also available in the public areas. (updated Dec 2021)
Motel One Dresden Palaisplatz, Palaisplatz 1. The other Motel One is in the Neustadt, on the Palaisplatz right beside the Japanese Palace the hotel's name refers to. For €10 less, you get pretty much the same experience, a longer walk or a tram ride to the Altstadt, but a more convenient location in terms of rail travel, as the Neustadt station is only a short walk away. €69 per night/room, breakfast buffet €.
NH Dresden Neutstadt, Hansastraße 43. a modern business hotel, situated in Neustadt at the Hansastraße, a thoroughfare connecting the city with the A4 motorway. 269 rooms. €50.
Andante Hotel Dresden, Huelssestraße 1, ☏ +49 351 795899, info@dresden.andantehotels.com. In a remote southern district of Reick, this inexpensive hotel from the Russian chain expanding rapidly in Germany is hard to miss thanks to its bright red façade. From about €70 (May 2022).
Park Inn by Radisson Dresden, Melanchtonstraße 2. In a business district of Neustadt, shares the office block with some institutions and company offices.
Wyndham Garden Dresden, Wilhelm-Franke-Straße 90. On the southeastern outskirts of Dresden.
Ramada Resident Hotel Dresden, Brünner Straße 11. In the southeastern suburban district of Laubegast, halfway between Loschwitz and Pillnitz but on the eastern bank of the river.
The Pullman is a survivor of the DDR-era, reborn from an erstwhile Interhotel
The most luxurious accommodation in Dresden is mostly within the Innere Altstadt area, offering views over and close to the famous historic landmarks. A wide choice between modern design or faux historic charm awaits, but make no mistake: you will need to pay top dollar to stay in the old town - the sections above lists some cheaper hotels in lower price that are not that much farther away.
The historic part of the Bellevue hotel
Hilton Dresden (formerly Interhotel Dresdner Hof), An der Frauenkirche 5, ☏ +49 351 86420, fax: +49 351 8642725. Next to the Frauenkirche. Try to get a room with a view of the Elbe river. €98.
Innside by Melia Dresden, Salzgasse 4. The newest upmarket hotel in Dresden, all about modern design, with views of surrounding historic buildings. €90.
Luxushotel Suitess, An der Frauenkirche, ☏ +49 351 417270, fax: +49 351-41727-160. A member of Small Luxury Hotels of the World. Experience the gourmet terrace with its view of the dome of Frauenkirche.
NH Collection Dresden Altmarkt, An der Kreuzkirche 2, ☏ +49 351 501550, nhdresdenaltmarkt@nh-hotels.com. Check-in: 15:00, check-out: 12:00. The new NH opened in 2010, completing the southern façade of the Altmarkt. Rooms feature large windows with views of the Altmarkt and Kulturpalast, while others face the Kreuzkirche across a narrow street. Some of the rooms in the top floor have sloping roofs and small dormer windows, so make sure you know which type of room you are booking. €75.
Taschenbergpalais Kempinski, Taschenberg 3, ☏ +49 351 49120, fax: +49 351 491-2812. The Baroque Taschenberg Palace from the early 18th century was reconstructed as a luxury hotel of the Kempinski chain in 1995 after being almost completely destroyed in 1945. At its launch, it was the first five-star hotel in Saxony. Monarchs, heads of state and international celebrities have stayed here during their visits to Dresden and even the Bilderberg Conference was once held in it. €119.
Schloss Eckberg, Bautzner Straße 134 (Tram 11 Elbschlösser), ☏ +49 351 80990, fax: +49 351 80 99 199, info@schloss-eckberg.de. This beautiful castle above the Elbe river was built from 1859 to 1861 and is now a hotel visited by  guests annually.
Pullman Dresden Newa (formerly Mercure Dresden Newa, Interhotel Newa), Prager Straße 2c, ☏ +49 351 48140, h1577@accor.com. The former Mercure was upgraded to a Pullman in name mostly, as there's not much of a difference (you don't even get coffee/tea facilities in rooms). The property is in a prime location right at the Prager Straße and 300 m from the railway station and rooms offer floor-to-ceiling windows with views of either (depending on side), as well as reasonably modern and upmarket fixtures and furniture. The hotel often undercuts its upmarket competition in the Altstadt in room rates, but makes up for it by charging € a day for Wi-Fi. Bikes for rent at €10 a day, an electric Renault Twizzy starting at €20 per hour. Room rates start at €75.
Gewandhaus Hotel (formerly Radisson Blu), Ringstraße 1, ☏ +49 351 49490. The baroque 18th-century Gewandhaus (cloth hall) was rebuilt in late 1960s as a hotel. The interior design, fixtures and furniture echo the building's history. Marketed as part of the Autograph (=Marriott) chain since 2015. €84.
Steigenberger Hotel de Saxe, Neumarkt 9. Part of a German upmarket chain, the hotel is in a reconstructed historic building (which was also previously a hotel). The interiors are decorated in various shades of beige and brown. The most expensive rooms are on the floors in the sloping roof, meaning that not all the surface area can actually be used. €87.
Hyperion Hotel Dresden am Schloss (formerly Swissôtel), Schlossstraße 16, ☏ +49 351 501200, hyperion.dresden@h-hotels.com. The Hyperion is indeed "am Schloss", facing the Residenzschloss on the one side and the Kulturpalast (or rather the empty plot of land in front of it) on the other. Inside, you will find a mixture of modern design, historic references and folk motifs, all in a white/beige/red/green theme. The cheapest rooms are on the top floors, with sloping roofs and dormer windows. €90-190.
Bilderberg Bellevue Dresden, Große Meißner Straße 15. The only luxury hotel in Dresden on the "other" side of the river (in Neustadt), right at the riverbank, next to the Japanisches Palais. Opened in the 1980s as a part of the East German state-owned chain Interhotel, it was privatized in the 1990s. While the hotel uses photos of the reconstructed baroque building in its marketing, most of the rooms are in the much less impressive expansive wings. The "belle vue" the hotel name alludes to is the view of the Innere Altstadt, that some rooms providing sweeping vistas of, while the others offer views the much less picturesque Hotel Maritim on the other side of the river and the rooms with "Neustadt view" face communist-era blocks across the busy Große Meißner Straße. from €80. (updated Dec 2021)
Dresden is a safe place to be, just like the rest of Germany. Avoid visiting the Alaunpark in the night. Be careful in the Neustadt after midnight; don't use small dark streets.
Media reports will point out that extreme right and extreme left parties are relatively popular; however, these are very small groups (a few hundred people) who have little to no effect on everyday life for most people. Although it is difficult to pinpoint the exact places where the right-wing extremists of Dresden live the relatively poor high-rise ("Plattenbau") neighborhoods of Gorbitz and Prohlis have a reputation of being inhabited by more Nazis than other parts of town.
Soccer matches of the local club Dynamo Dresden take place about every second weekend, but not during summer holidays. Supporters of Dynamo Dresden soccer club have a particularly bad reputation, but clashes with the police or other rival supporters are mainly a thing of the past. 99% of the fans are peaceful, sports-loving people. However don't be surprised to see large police forces in anti-riot equipment (think robocop) around the main station and the stadium during so called "Risiko-Spiele" (roughly: high risk games). The (all standing) "K-Block" of Dynamo's stadium has a reputation for having the most hard-core fans and unfortunately racial slurs and homophobic utterances are heard here from time to time, even though most Dynamo fans don't subscribe to either xenophobia or homophobia. If you are (visibly) part of an ethnic or sexual minority and especially if you don't wear Dynamo fan-gear try going to another block rather than this one.
Neo-Nazis are known to congregate in Dresden once or twice a year, most prominently on or around 13 February, when demonstrations are staged by right-wing extremists to recall the bombings of Dresden during the Second World War. The few hundred Neo-Nazis are usually condemned by thousands of peaceful anti-war demonstrators and there is a huge police attendance. There have been instances of violent acts during those demonstrations and all sides (police, right wing demonstrators and left wing "Antifa") have been variously blamed. While most demonstrators are peaceful and the police has an indeed very hard job to do, the security as well as the transport situation during large Nazi-demonstrations is far from normal. The whole issue is very controversial in Dresden as well as on a federal level in Germany and the fine points are best not discussed further here.
The local telephone code is 0351.
Here is a map with free Wi-Fi (search for "Public Wi-Fi Spots" and click "show on map" in the "Themes" section).
Universitätsklinikum, Fetscherstraße 74, ☏ +49 351 458-2036. If you need medical attention. It's inexpensive (compared to others in the city), easy to get to (Augsburger Str. stop from the 12 or 6 tram line) and the doctors are well-trained and speak good English. EU residents and residents of Iceland, Lichtenstein, Switzerland and Norway are strongly advised to get an EHIC before travelling. Travel insurance is also a good idea.
For departing from the central bus station at the main train station: There are the bus platforms 1 and 2. And at another area are the platforms 5, 6 and 7. For an international ride it's the latter. For a national ride check beforehand.
Dresden's "suburbs" in the Saxon Elbland region
A view of the Bastei in Saxon Switzerland mountains
Radebeul (8 km northwest) is a city west of Dresden which includes the Karl May Museum (dedicated to the famous writer) and its vineyards
Moritzburg (14 km northwest) has a beautiful castle that was once used when the kings went hunting. Reachable by a charming historic narrow gauge railway from Radebeul or (more mundanely but faster) by bus from Dresden Neustadt station.
Radeberg (16 km northeast) is a small town a short S-Bahn ride away from Dresden. The Radeberger Brewerydead link offers tours throughout the day for €14, including tasting at the end. Phone +49 352 845-4880.
Meissen (25 km northwest) has a medieval cathedral and castle and home to the first European porcelain factory. Residence of the Saxon dukes and electors before they moved to Dresden.
Saxon Ore Mountains (Erzgebirge) has hiking and crafts (toymaking, especially Christmas toys)
Glashütte (30 km south) is the centre of east German watch manufacturing, with various watch factories and a nice watch museum. This town is about 1h from Dresden by train, and part of the journey is beautiful, following a river through the mountains
Saxon Switzerland (Sächsische Schweiz) is upstream along the river Elbe is a national park for hiking and rock-climbing
Königstein (40 km southeast) has one of the largest and best preserved late medieval fortresses in Europe. The Königstein fortress is situated about 30 km from Dresden and can be reached by almost all means of transport. A trip on the river Elbe in one of the historic paddle-steamers of the "Sächsische Dampfschifffahrt" is also highly recommended
Bautzen (60 km northeast), a beautiful old city in the east (c. 45 min with car by Autobahn and 1h by train)
Leipzig (110 km northwest), an hour away by ICE or intercity train
Prague (145 km southeast) is about two hours away (two-hourly Eurocity train connection, frequent intercity buses)
This city travel guide to Dresden has guide status. It has a variety of good, quality information including hotels, restaurants, attractions and travel details. Please contribute and help us make it a star!