Edmonton is a huge city with several district articles that contain information about specific sights, restaurants, and accommodation.
Edmonton is the capital city of Alberta. Its metro area is home to  million people (2016), and is the northernmost city of at least one million people in North America, the fifth-largest city in Canada and the largest Canadian city farther than 200 kilometres (120 mi) from the US border. Edmonton is famous for its beautiful river valley park system, the North Saskatchewan River Valley, which offers over 100 kilometres (62 mi) of recreational trails, wildlife viewing, and city views. The river valley also contains many parks, including Fort Edmonton Park, Canada's largest historical park. If the great outdoors is not what you seek, the city also offers West Edmonton Mall, the largest shopping mall in North America. On top of that, Edmonton has a vibrant theatre community, a busy cycle of annual festivals, national sports teams active year-round, and wonderful winter recreational opportunities.
City of Edmonton (click to enlarge). — switch to interactive map
53°31′56″N 113°29′53″WCity of Edmonton (click to enlarge). — switch to static mapCity of Edmonton (click to enlarge).
Central This is Edmonton's oldest area. Shiny office towers populate the downtown core, just blocks away from well-treed streets and lovely old homes. This is the heart of the city, with many of the city's attractions. Enjoy world-class festivals in Churchill Square, hit one of the sunny patios on Rice Howard Way, then shop for food in Little Italy, and finish the day off walking through the beautiful homes of Glenora.
South Central Once the community of Strathcona, this in another well-established area. It's just south of the river, with views of downtown and the river valley. It is home to the University of Alberta, bringing a college community's youthfulness and excitement. The city's hottest strip, Whyte Avenue, offers dining, drinking, live music, live theatre, and funky shopping.
West End The west end combines a considerable residential area, light industrial and commercial areas, and shopping destinations like the famous West Edmonton Mall.
South Another sprawling region of Edmonton. The area now has Light Rail Transit, and the eastern parts around Capilano and Ottewell are 1950s styled mature neighbourhoods. The area is home to the Fort Edmonton Park as well as Southgate Mall and some beautiful parks in the river valley.
North This area of the city has many layers. Mature, pre-WWII neighbourhoods like Delton and the Highlands, somewhat mature 1950s/1960s neighbourhoods like Rosslyn and Calder, 1980s suburbs like Clareview, and modern suburbs like Castle Downs.
In addition, Metro Edmonton also features several large communities outside Edmonton's city limits:
St. Albert on the northwest, a community with deep French-Canadian roots and a popular city farmers market.
Sherwood Park on the southeast is a suburban area that despite having a population of over 70,000 (2016) it still retains its status as a hamlet, making it the largest such community in Canada.
Fort Saskatchewan on the northeast.
Leduc and Beaumont are bedroom communities a few kilometres south of Edmonton. Leduc, a city in its own right, is next to the Edmonton International Airport.
Spruce Grove and Stony Plain are bedroom communities just west of Edmonton, accessible via the Yellowhead Highway.
CFB Edmonton. Also known as the Superbase, this is one of Canada's largest military reservations; it is immediately north of Edmonton off Highway 28 (97 Street).
The area around Edmonton, which sits in the geographic centre of the province, was home to native populations for thousands of years before the arrival of European settlers. In 1795, Edmonton House was constructed and work on Fort Edmonton began. The original site was near Fort Saskatchewan, but was relocated near the present day Legislature in 1830.
The town developed around the fur trade, and in the early days there was little to distinguish it from other such settlements in the area. The first hotel and hospital were built in the 1870s. The latter part of the century saw an influx of wealthy families, and in 1892 the Town of Edmonton was officially founded.
Early developments were centred around the Quarters area. In 1905, Edmonton was declared the capital of the province of Alberta, and a year later was designated a city. The 1907-1914 period saw the city experience an unprecedented boom, with the population rising from around 6,000 to 78,000. During this period, the University of Alberta was founded
In 1947 oil was discovered just outside of Edmonton in Leduc county, which spurred a second period of growth, leading to urban sprawl and the development of US-style malls. The Royal Alberta Museum opened in 1967.
The utilitarian office buildings and condos that dominate the downtown landscape today were mostly constructed in the 1970s.
Today, Edmonton is the hub for energy development and petrochemicals for Alberta. As well, it has become a centre of excellence in research through the University of Alberta and the high technology industries in the region like the National Institute for Nanotechnology.
Average max. and min. temperatures in °C
Precipitation+Snow totals in mmSee the Edmonton 7 day forecast at Environment Canada . (updated Jun 2023) Environment Canada
Average max. and min. temperatures in °F
Edmonton skyline on a warm winter day.
If you want to spend time outdoors, the summer months offer the most opportunities for recreation and entertainment. In the summer, Edmonton offers great outdoor festivals, street entertainment, open-air concerts, and many other world-class entertainment opportunities. Winter is equally exciting, with snow sports for the outdoorsy, extensive indoors shopping in the many malls, and live sports, theatre, and music throughout the city.
Edmonton's climate is "northern continental", with a wide range of weather over all four distinct seasons. Edmonton receives 2,300 hours of sunshine per year, making it one of Canada's sunniest cities. Rainfall is low to moderate, and entire weeks can pass without clouds or precipitation through the late spring and summer.
Bright green foliage appears in May, signaling spring. Even as the city shakes off its winter chill, cold snaps and the occasional snowfall can still occur. The region's golf courses are generally open by this time.
Summer days generally bring temperatures up to 21 to 25 °C (70 to 77 °F) in June, July, and August, though temperatures will often rise over 30 °C (86 °F) for a few days. Thunderstorms sweep in from time to time during the summer months, usually in the evening. Humidity is relatively low, so warm days are more comfortable than they are in humid climates. At the height of summer, Edmonton enjoys more than 17 hours of daylight, with twilight extending past 11PM in June and July.
Fall starts in mid-September, bringing bright yellow and orange foliage to Edmonton's treed neighbourhoods and river valley parks. This season ushers in cooler temperatures ranging between 10 and 20 °C (50 and 68 °F) during the day.
Winters are long, but not as harsh as those further east on the Canadian Prairies. Periods of mild temperatures with daytime highs over 10 °C (50 °F) can occur. Such mild weather makes outdoor winter sports extremely popular with the locals. Stop by a local outdoor ice rink to catch the fever of children and adults alike taking part in community hockey. Colder days in Edmonton are kept reasonably comfortable by the low humidity index, but it's wise to have some lip balm and hand cream with you, as the skin and lips can get cracked and chapped quickly in this dry environment.
Winter walking and driving are not often affected. Cold snaps with temperatures down to and beyond −30 °C (−22 °F) can occur during the winter, although it's unusual for these frigid spells to last more than 1 or 2 days. Extremely cold temperatures are usually accompanied by the crisp blue skies and bright sunshine of a prairie high-pressure zone. Even regular winter temperatures can feel very cold if there is a noticeable wind: if you are visiting between December and March, be prepared.
Downtown Business Association of Edmonton, 202 - 10104 103 Ave (Bell Tower), ☏ +1 780-424-4085, info@edmontondowntown.com. 8:30AM-5PM M-F, closed weekends and statutory holidays. Every year, the Downtown Business Association publishes Guide to Downtown - a free, pocket-sized resource for everything happening downtown all year round. Download it online, email for a copy, or pick it up in person at the DBA office or either of Edmonton Tourism's two visitor information centres.
Edmonton Tourism - Downtown Visitor Information Centre, 3rd floor - 9990 Jasper Ave (World Trade Centre at corner of Jasper Ave and 100th St), ☏ +1 780-401-7696. M-F 7AM-7PM, Closed weekends. Located on the main floor of the historic World Trade Centre building. free. (updated Sep 2018)
Edmonton international Airport (YEG IATA) (30 kilometres (19 mi) south of the city centre, in Leduc County), info@flyeia.com. Edmonton International Airport is the fastest growing large airport in Canada-with new parkades, services, terminals, planes, hotels, and shops popping up. It has two terminals, with a central hall that is the security point for all domestic and international traffic (excluding travel to the US, which uses the South Terminal). (updated May 2022)
Most major Canadian airlines service Edmonton. Edmonton's main airport is western Canada's hub to the Northwest Territories.
Direct flights to Edmonton within Canada include from Calgary (1 hour), Charlottetown ( hours), Halifax ( hours), Kelowna ( hours), Moncton ( hours), Montreal ( hours), Ottawa ( hours), Prince George ( hours), Regina ( hours), Saskatoon ( hours), St. John's (NL) ( hours), Toronto (4 hours), Vancouver ( hours), Victoria (-175 hours), Whitehorse ( hours), Winnipeg (2 hours), and Yellowknife ( hours).
From the United States, scheduled flights to Edmonton include from Atlanta, Chicago, Denver, Houston, Las Vegas (3 hours), Los Angeles, Maui, Minneapolis, Nashville, Orlando, Palm Springs, Phoenix, Seattle (2 hours), and San Francisco (3 hours).
From Mexico and the Caribbean, seasonal charter flights serve Acapulco,
Cancún, Cozumel, Holguin, Huatulco, La Romana, Liberia, Manzanillo, Mazatlan, Montego Bay, Puerto Plata, Puerto Vallarta, Punta Cana, Santa Barbara de Samana, San Jose del Cabo, and Varadero.
From Europe, KLM fly a couple of times a week from Amsterdam, and there are summer services from Frankfurt with Condor.
Canadian airlines operating to Edmonton:
Air Canada, ☏ +1-514-393-3333, toll-free: +1-888-247-2262. Canada's largest airline uses Edmonton International as a gateway to the Canadian North. (updated Apr 2022)
Air North, toll-free: +1-800-661-0407. A regional airline operating flights from the Yukon. (updated Apr 2022)
Canadian North, toll-free: +1-800-267-1247, contact@canadiannorth.com. A regional airline primarily operating flights from the Northwest Territories and Nunavut. (updated Apr 2022)
Central Mountain Air, toll-free: +1-888-359-2620, reservations@flycma.com. Operates flights mostly from British Columbia, with Edmonton as a hub. (updated Apr 2022)
Flair Airlines, toll-free: +1-833-711-2333. A low-cost airline with flights within Canada. (updated Apr 2022)
Sunwing Airlines, toll-free: +1-877-786-9464. A low-cost airline that specializes in seasonal connections , southern international vacation destinations in the winter. (updated Apr 2022)
WestJet, toll-free: +1-877-952-0100. Canada's second largest airline operates across Canada and services international destinations. (updated Apr 2022)
Edmonton Transit System's Route 747 connects the airport to Century Park LRT and bus station, every hour during the day (first bus at 4:10AM, last bus shortly after midnight) with half-hour service at peak times. Fares are $5 one-way, no change is given on the bus and tickets are not sold. Free WiFi is provided on the bus. Transfer to the rest of the Edmonton Transit System (see below) requires further payment.
Taxi service is available, but can be costly (around $55 to downtown or $48 from downtown as of 2020).
Uber can both take you to the airport and pick up at the airport from a designated spot outside Door 10 on the lower (arrivals) level.
Car rental companies are in the parkade directly across for the terminal for easy pick-up and returns.
The drive between Edmonton International airport and downtown takes about half an hour. Allow extra time during the morning and afternoon rush hours.
Edmonton is the largest city on the Highway 16 (Yellowhead Highway). Edmonton is  hours east of Jasper on Highway 16. Edmonton is 3 hours north of Calgary on the divided Highway 2 (Queen Elizabeth II Highway).
Travelers unfamiliar with Canadian winter driving should be aware that winter storms can arise suddenly, slowing traffic or closing even major roads for (usually) a few hours. Road conditions are regularly announced on radio if poor weather threatens travel, so check before you leave and every couple of hours on any long drive near Edmonton.
The two words to watch out for in a winter weather report are "fair" and "poor". Fair winter driving conditions suggest snow tires, lots of windshield washer fluid, full winter outdoor clothes in case you have to leave the car, and preferably winter driving experience. Poor conditions are the code for "stay home". Fortunately, poor conditions rarely last more than one day on major highways, where road clearing takes place continuously. Travelers familiar with winter driving will find the major highways connected to Edmonton generally safe, but should stick to the biggest highway possible as the smaller ones are not as frequently traveled nor as quickly cleared.
From Vancouver, Edmonton is best accessed using Highway 1 (the Trans-Canada) east to Hope, then Highway 5 (the Coquihalla) from Hope to the Highway 16 eastbound junction. The average travel time in reasonable weather is 12 to 14 hours, but can be significantly longer if poor winter weather strikes. This is particularly likely on the major inclines between Hope and Kamloops in British Columbia, where poor road conditions can add a few hours to the total trip. Further along the Yellowhead Highway toward Edmonton, communities near the highway are sparse, so judge the driving conditions (and your fuel status) carefully as you proceed.
The QE II highway from Calgary northward to Edmonton is a very busy thoroughfare in all seasons, and a generally reliable road in winter. It's occasionally closed if winter storms create dangerous road conditions. Fortunately there are many communities near or on the highway where one can shelter if necessary.
Unlike the vast majority of North American cities, Edmonton lacks a straightforward approach into its downtown from its most important intercity highway: Highway 2 (the QE II highway). Northbound traffic on Highway 2 coming in from Calgary or Edmonton International Airport must run a gauntlet of traffic lights on Gateway Boulevard, then make a hard right turn onto Saskatchewan Drive. Both routes from there to downtown—Queen Elizabeth Park Road and McDougall Hill Road—involve at least one hairpin turn to navigate the steep terrain of the North Saskatchewan River Valley. The southbound routes towards Calgary or the airport are even more awkward. The city government is well aware of this issue but has been unable to win popular support for any comprehensive solutions, such as the downtown freeway network proposed in 1969.
Travelers from Saskatoon will find Edmonton about 5 hours away using the Yellowhead Highway, which is divided for the entire route between the two cities. Winter driving awareness is important here, as communities are spaced further apart than on the QE II and you have fewer opportunities to pull over for shelter if road conditions deteriorate.
Cold Shot, ☏ +1 587-557-7719, support@coldshot.ca. Operates bus services primarily in Alberta with some service reaching British Columbia. (updated Feb 2021) Operates the following routes to Edmonton:
Between Calgary and Edmonton including a stop in Red Deer. Travel time to Edmonton from Calgary is 4 hours and from Red Deer is  hours. Operates several days per week.
Between Cold Lake and Edmonton including stops in Bonnyville and St. Paul. Travel time to Edmonton from Cold Lake is 5 hours and from St. Paul is 3 hours. Operates several days per week.
Between Grande Prairie and Edmonton including stops in Valleyview and Whitecourt. Travel time to Edmonton from Grande Prairie is 5 hours, from Valleyview is  hours, and from Whitecourt is -2 hours. In Grand Prairie, there is service from Fort St. John via Dawson Creek (operating) and from Peace River (temporarily suspended).
Between Fort McMurray and Edmonton including a stop in Athabasca. Travel time to Edmonton from Fort McMurray is  hours and from Athabasca is  hours. Operates several days per week.
Between Fort McMurray and Edmonton including a stop in Redwater. Travel time to Edmonton from Fort McMurray is  hours, from Redwater is 1 hour. Operates several days per week.
Between Jasper and Edmonton including stops in Hinton and Edson. Travel time to Edmonton from Jasper is 4 hours. Route temporarily suspended.
Between Lloydminster and Edmonton including stops in Vermilion and Vegreville. Travel time to Edmonton from Lloydminster is  hours. Route temporarily suspended
Between Peace River and Edmonton including stops in High Prairie, Slave Lake, and Westlock. Travel time to Edmonton from Peace River is  hours and from Slave Lake is  hours. Operates several days per week.
Ebus, toll-free: +1-877-769-3287. Operates several routes in British Columbia and Alberta. (updated Mar 2022) Operates the following routes to Edmonton:
Between Fort McMurray and Edmonton including a stop in Gibbons. Travel time to Edmonton from Fort McMurray is  hours and from Gibbons is 1 hour. Operates one day per week.
Between Calgary and Edmonton including a stop in Red Deer. Travel time to Edmonton from Calgary is  hours and from Red Deer  is hours. Operates twice daily.
Between Grande Prairie and Edmonton including stops in Valleyview, Whitecourt, and Mayerthorpe. Travel time to Edmonton from Grande Prairie is  hours, from Valleyview is 4 hours, and from Whitecourt is  hours.
Red Arrow, toll-free: +1-800-232-1958, customerservice@redarrow.ca. Operates premium service in Alberta featuring spacious seating (only three seats to a row) and workstation seats with electrical connections for business travelers and their computers. (updated May 2022) Operates the following routes to Edmonton:
Between Fort McMurray and Edmonton including a stop in Gibbons. Travel time to Edmonton from Fort McMurray is  hours and from Gibbons is 50 minutes. Operates multiple days per week.
Between Calgary and Edmonton including a stop in Red Deer. Travel time to Edmonton from Calgary is -4 hours and from Red Deer is  hours. Operates multiple times daily.
FlixBus. Service from Lethbridge and Calgary. (updated Apr 2024)
Rider Express, toll-free: +1-833-583-3636. Operates bus routes with connections including from Calgary to Vancouver, and from Regina to Winnipeg. (updated May 2022) Operates the following routes to Edmonton:
Between Calgary and Edmonton with a stop in Red Deer. Travel time to Edmonton from Calgary is 4 hours and from Red Deer is  hours. Operates multiple days per week.
Between Regina and Edmonton with stops including in Vegreville, Vermilion, Lloydminster, North Battleford, Saskatoon, and Davidson. Travel time to Edmonton from from Lloydminster is  hours, from North Battleford is 5 hours, from Saskatoon is  hours, and from Regina is  hours. Operates multiple days per week.
SunDog Tours, ☏ +1 780-852-4056, toll-free: +1-888-786-3641, info@sundogtours.com. Operates daily service between Edmonton International Airport and Jasper including stops in downtown Edmonton, Hinton, and Edson. Travel time to downtown Edmonton from Jasper is  hours ( to Edmonton International Airport), from Edson is 3 hours ( to Edmonton International Airport). (updated Sep 2021)
The Canada Bus. Service from Calgary, Banff, Lethbridge, and Red Deer, arriving at Southgate LRT station. (updated Oct 2023)
Thompson Valley Charters, toll-free: +1-877-769-3287. In partnership with Ebus, operates twice per week service between Kamloops and Edmonton with stops in Barriere, Little Fort, Clearwater, Avola, Blue River, Valemount, Mount Robson Provincial Park, Jasper, Hinton, and Edson. Travel time to Edmonton from Kamloops is  hours, from Clearwater is  hours, from Valemount is  hours, from Jasper is  hours, and front Edson is  hours. (updated Mar 2022)
See also: Rail travel in Canada
Edmonton station, 12360 121st Street NW (5 km NW of downtown). The Edmonton VIA train station is from downtown near the northwest corner of City Centre Airport. The station has free wifi - ask a staff member for the passkey. Taxis are available and meet most trains on arrival; fare downtown should be about $15. Public transit does not serve this station, although local bus service connecting to downtown is available for determined public transit users by walking south to the end of 121 Street. (updated Oct 2023)
VIA Rail Canada, toll-free: +1-888-842-7245. Operates The Canadian up to three trips per week between Toronto ( days) and Vancouver (1 day) with stops in both directions in medium to large cities and tourist destinations such as Sudbury (2 days), Winnipeg (1 day), Portage la Prairie (1 day), Saskatoon (10 hr), Jasper (6 hr), and Kamloops (17 hr). This route can offer a scenic view of the Canadian Rockies, depending on the train schedule, as the train operates day and night. This service connects with another route that travels between Jasper and Prince Rupert. This rail operator also offers services that enable travellers to reach Canada's east coast. (updated Jul 2023)
VIA Rail prices are higher than train prices generally in Europe (or even short distances by Amtrak in the United States). Passengers experience leisurely travel through some of the most amazing scenery in the world. Though somewhat more expensive than bus travel, service on a VIA Rail train even in the lowest class is superior to any bus. You can get up and walk around the carriages, dine conveniently, and you will find plenty of legroom in the comfortable seats. However, long delays are common, with no guarantee of on-time arrival.
Jasper Avenue is at the heart of downtown Edmonton.
A large part of the city, built before and during the Second World War, is laid out in a grid pattern of straight streets, which makes for easy navigation by car or foot. There are a number of bridges, including the Walterdale Bridge and High Level Bridge, going in and out of the downtown core.
Edmonton's downtown is fairly eclectic, home to many Government of Alberta buildings and modern office towers, including the CN Tower near City Hall and the impressive, white marble-clad Bank of Montreal on 101 Street. Edmonton had some of the most architecturally significant buildings in the province, including the crimson-coloured Citadel Theatre and the church-like spires of Grant MacEwan University.
Edmonton streets are mostly numbered, although there are some named streets: usually major roadways and roads in the newer residential areas. Streets in Edmonton run north-south, while avenues run east-west. The downtown core of the city is centred near 101 St and Jasper Ave (which corresponds to 101 Ave), with streets increasing in number as you go west, and avenues increasing as you go north.
Addresses follow a regular system throughout Edmonton, with even-numbered address numbers are on the north side of avenues and west side of streets. The first two or three digits of a building or house number identify the street it lies just west of, or the avenue it lies north of. For example, 10219-101 Street would be on the east side of 101 Street, just north of 102 Avenue.
Some addresses end in "NE" or "SW", indicating a different quadrant. If there is none, it is safe to assume it is "NW"--almost all of the city's addresses are here. The NE quadrant of the city is mostly farmland, the SW is rapidly booming suburb and big-box stores, and there are no addresses in the SE quadrant. The grid starts are at Meridian Street (0 Street) on the east edge of the city and Quadrant Avenue (0 Avenue) near the south edge, but neither are major streets.
Some older neighbourhoods like Boyle Street have a diagonal grid pattern, with streets NW/SE and avenues SW/NE. During the 1950s and 1960s, roads became less grid-like, but they are still easily navigable (although less easy to follow than the earlier counterparts). Almost all new neighbourhood developments such as Windermere in the southside and the Village at Greisbach in the northwest are designed with more curves, cul-de-sacs and named streets.
Edmonton's main east-west highway south of the North Saskatchewan River is Whitemud Drive. It goes through the West and South areas of the city.
Anthony Henday Drive is a ring road in Metro Edmonton. Its final section was finished in 2016.
Edmonton's main highway north of the river is known as Yellowhead Trail (Alberta Highway 16). Travellers wishing to explore downtown Edmonton (and avoid the trendy, but tourist-clogged Old Strathcona on the southside) are strongly encouraged to take this route. Some of the city's most important sites, including the Edmonton Expo Centre and Commonwealth Stadium, are quickly accessible from the Yellowhead.
Other major roads include Groat Road, Mark Messier/St. Albert Trail, the Sherwood Park Freeway, Stony Plain Road and Wayne Gretzky Drive.
Edmonton has a safe, efficient and inexpensive public transportation system: the Edmonton Transit Service (ETS). Hundreds of different bus routes cover the city, travelling nearly anywhere you need to go.
Service starts at 5AM, with Late Night Owl service on five major routes (including an LRT replacement bus) until 3AM. During peak hours, buses run as frequently as every 15 minutes. Outside of peak, the frequency drops to every 30 minutes and on some routes to industrial areas or far-flung suburbs as infrequent as one service per hour. There are a number of routes which stop running at 8PM-9PM or which only run only during peak hours (6AM-9AM and 3PM-6PM). Some bus routes do not run on Sundays. For more information or to plan your bus trip, you can call Transit Information at +1 780-442-5311 or check out the Trip Planner or Google Maps.
Edmonton's transit system is not unified with those of the nearby communities, but an Arc card can be used for seamless transfers to suburban buses.
Edmonton was the first North American city with a population of under 1 million to have developed a light rail system. (Metro Edmonton population is now over 1 million.) It is a part of the Edmonton Transit Service (ETS), which also runs the buses. The light rail system has three lines: the Capital Line the Metro Line, and the Valley Line. The Capital Line runs from Century Park Station (formerly known as Heritage) via Health Sciences/Jubilee and Churchill Stations to Clareview Station in the northeast section of the city. The Metro Line shares the tracks of the Capital Line from Health Sciences/Jubilee Station to Churchill Station where it branches off to terminate at NAIT (Northern Alberta Institute of Technology) Station. Both lines serve the University of Alberta main campus. The Valley Line runs from downtown to Mill Woods in the Southeast (with an extension to the west, serving West Edmonton Mall) and uses low-floor vehicles, resembling a streetcar line to some aspects.
The LRT operates between 5AM and 1AM daily. Trains run on a 5-minute frequency during rush hour, ten-minute frequency midday and Saturdays, and on a 15-minute frequency in the evening and on Sundays. When the Metro Line is running at full capacity, train frequency will double between Health Sciences/Jubilee station and Churchill station.
Fares are $ with children 12 and under riding free. Day passes can be bought for $ regardless of age group. A pack of 10 tickets can be purchased for $/adult or $/concession and may be better than day passes if you plan only a few trips per day over multiple days. Single trip tickets are valid for 90 minutes and allow return and stopovers within that time limit. Day passes (also called family passes) allow one adult to accompany up to 4 children aged 12 or under at no charge for the children. Tickets can be purchased at the ETS online store, automated fare vending machines located at all LRT stations, or at the ETS Customer Information Centre located on the pedway level of Churchill Station.
The High Level Bridge Streetcar is a seasonal tram service running from Victoria Day (second last Monday of May) through to Thanksgiving Day (second Monday of October) on a limited but regular schedule. From Victoria Day to Labour Day, the service runs daily. After Labour Day to Thanksgiving Day, the service runs only Saturdays, Sundays and Thanksgiving Day. Operated by the Edmonton Radial Radial Society, a railfan group, the vintage streetcar service has 5 stops between Jasper Plaza (Edmonton/Central) and Old Strathcona (Edmonton/South Central). It crosses the North Saskatchewan River via the High Level bridge offering magnificent views of the river valley and downtown. The line is a convenient way to travel between the area of the Alberta Legislative Building and Old Strathcona. Despite the absence of "rush-hour" service, non-tourists occasionally use the line because of its direct route. Warning: Tourist pamphlets for this service may contain an obsolete schedule; get the current schedule from the website. ETS tickets are not valid for this service. The one-way fare is $4 and round-trip fare is $7 (as of 2022) for those ages 6 and up with stopovers permitted. The five stops are:
Jasper Plaza, 109 Street & 100 Ave (South of Jasper Ave, west of 109 St NW). Northern terminal. (updated Jul 2016)
Grandin-Legislature (South of Grandin LRT Stn, west of 109 St NW at 98 Ave NW). Near the Alberta Legislature grounds. (updated Jul 2016)
Garneau-90th Avenue, 109 St NW. First stop south side of the High Level Bridge. (updated Jul 2016)
107th Street & 87 Avenue Crossing, 107th St NW. (updated Jul 2016)
Strathcona Terminal, Whyte Ave (a.k.a. 82 Ave NW) (at Gateway Blvd NW & Whyte Avenue). Southern terminal. The Strathcona Streetcar Barn & Museum is nearby. (updated Jul 2016)
The most prominent cab companies are:
EDMtaxi.com, ☏ +1 780-462-3456 (Yellow Cab), +1 780-489-7777 (Barrel Taxi), +1 780-423-2425 (Capital Taxi), +1 780-484-8888 (Checker Cab). Edmonton's largest taxi provider. (updated Jul 2022)
Co-op Taxi, ☏ +1 780-425-2525. (updated Jul 2022)
All Edmonton taxi companies offer 24/7 service.
Operation Red Nose, ☏ +1 780-421-4444. Available from the last weekend in November to New Year's Eve on weekends. Offers cab rides for drivers who have been partying and prefer not to drive themselves. (updated Jul 2022)
Uber. (updated Jul 2022)
Edmonton has excellent cycling routes which allow for all-year cycling, though winter cycling can be challenging for those unaccustomed to Edmonton weather. These marked routes, combined with a lack of freeways to traverse and relatively low traffic compared to other major cities, low snow or rainfall, and a fairly flat terrain, make Edmonton an easy city to travel by bicycle. The City of Edmonton provides free maps of the bike routes.
The historic Knox church in Old Strathcona
A young city, Edmonton's historic structures are still relatively new. The City of Edmonton's Municipal Historic Resources are buildings or structures that have been designated by bylaw as buildings or structures legally protected from demolition and from inappropriate changes and alterations. For further reading about Edmonton's architecture from 1940-1969, Capital Modern is a book available from the Art Gallery of Alberta.
Here are some of the most popular attractions:
Alberta Legislature Building - This beautiful example of Beaux-Arts architecture dates back to 1911, built following Edmonton's selection as the provincial capital. Free tours are available. There are wading pools to cool off in during the summer and skating rinks beside walkways light up with tons of Christmas lights during the Christmas season. See Central. Its grounds are a beautiful area to relax in any time of the year, and are patrolled at night for visitor security.
Art Gallery of Alberta (formerly the Edmonton Art Gallery) - This modern facility explores all forms of art. The gallery has a unique selection of Canadian and international pieces and regularly brings in traveling exhibitions. See Central.
Muttart Conservatory - These four glass pyramids rising out of the river valley are a unique Edmonton landmark. Inside, they house three distinct climate zones and a fourth seasonal display, packed with several hundred plant varieties. See South Central.
TELUS World of Science - Edmonton's largest science museum has a unique architectural design and houses many science exhibits, a planetarium, and an IMAX theatre. See West End.
Royal Alberta Museum presents Alberta's history through paintings, statues, and more. Exhibits include the Syncrude Gallery of Aboriginal Culture, Wild Alberta, and the Natural History Gallery. See Central.
West Edmonton Mall is the largest shopping and entertainment complex in North America, with copious opportunities for shopping, a built-in hotel, restaurants and food courts, an amusement park, an artificial beach and indoor wave pool, casino, movie theatres, indoor lake and Santa Maria ship replica, and lots of visitors to share it with. See West End.
Fort Edmonton Park is living history at its best! Join the costumed historical interpreters at Fort Edmonton Park - Canada's largest living history museum - and try your hand at living life as an early pioneer. You'll experience life as it was at the 1846 fort and on the streets of 1885, 1905 and 1920. See South
Aurora borealis. The northern lights are harder to see in Edmonton than in Northern Canada and eastern cities of Canada. However if you travel outside the downtown area the lights can slightly be seen from December to late February.
One of Edmonton’s greatest attractions, the North Saskatchewan River Valley park system provides a natural corridor for all-season recreation and relaxation. The river valley is the longest expanse of urban parkland in North America at 7,400 hectares – 22 times the size of New York’s Central Park – with golf courses, 22 major parks and over 160 kilometres of maintained multi-use trails for walking, cross-country skiing, cycling, and more. Several attractions are located along the river valley including Fort Edmonton Park, the Valley Zoo, and the Muttart Conservatory.
One of the most popular river valley parks is Hawrelak Park, located just west of Groat Road near the University of Alberta. It encircles a large pond, summer home to a variety of ducks and geese. It's the site of several Edmonton festivals, including Shakespeare in the Park and Symphony Under the Sky. In winter it is a popular venue for outdoor ice skating and cross-country skiing.
Edmonton's summer brings many festivals, and with Canada's most impressive mountain parks -hr drive away, Edmonton is fun year-round. You can expect to find some kind of festival any weekend during the summer months and they are usually located in the central region either around Whyte Ave or downtown at the Legislature grounds or in front of City Hall.
Northern Alberta Jubilee Auditorium, on the University of Alberta campus
Edmonton has a vibrant performing arts community with notable accomplishments in live theatre and live music. The central area contains the Winspear or Francis Winspear Centre for Music, a new concert hall with stellar acoustics, and the Citadel Theatre, which has hosted major live theatre performances for over forty years.
South Central area is home to the theatre district with a number of venues, and the Jubilee Auditorium, a large concert hall. The west end has two dinner theatres, Jubilation's and Mayfield.
Edmonton's river valley and Mill Creek area have an extensive network of trails, good for walking, biking, and cross-country skiing. At many points in the extensive ravines and forested areas in the river valley, you can't even tell you're in a city. Maps of walking and cross-country skiing trails are available at City Hall, Edmonton Tourism's Visitor Information Centres, and many bicycle and ski shops.
The Edmonton Bicycle Commuters' Society (EBC), a non-profit bicycle co-op, operates a staffed drop-in DIY workshop where rental bicycles are available. During the summer months, River Valley Adventure rents bicycles and operates Segway tours. Fun group rides occur during the summer, mostly organized by the Edmonton Bicycle and Touring Club (EBTC) and EBC. Most commercial bike shops organize training rides for those road cyclists who are interested in higher intensity workouts. Larger commercial bike shops include United Cycle, Western Cycle, and Revolution Cycle. Smaller ones include Velocity Cycle, Redbike, Hardcore Mountain Bikes, PedalHead Bikes, and Transition BMX.
Edmonton has small downhill ski hills in or near the city, including Edmonton Ski, Sunridge Ski Area, and Snow Valley. Natural and artificial snow cover their slopes from early winter to early spring, offering city skiers an easy way to learn, amuse families, and tone up for the big Rocky Mountain ski opportunities in Jasper and Banff.
There are over 70 golf courses located in the Edmonton region. Albertans are keen golfers, based on the province's sunny summers, large number of developed courses, and relatively low prices. Within city limits, the City of Edmonton operates three public courses, including Canada's oldest municipal golf course: Victoria (central), Riverside (South) both of which are located close to downtown, and the par-three Rundle Park on the east end of the city (Edmonton/North).
Edmonton is home to a number of professional and amateur sport teams. The Edmonton Oilers of the National Hockey League are the most recognized team and have won five Stanley Cups. Since 2016, they have played at the 18,641-seat Rogers Place, located at the north edge of downtown. This arena replaced the Northlands Coliseum (known from 2003 to 2016 as Rexall Place), which had been home to the team since 1974. Tickets are available, but games are routinely sold out, and tickets must usually be bought from a broker at higher prices. Minor league hockey is also part of the Edmonton sports scene: the major junior Edmonton Oil Kings of the Western Hockey League also moved to Rogers Place from Northlands Coliseum, while several junior 'A' and senior 'AAA' teams play in metro Edmonton. Tickets to these games are available at the door.
Edmonton is also home to the Edmonton Elks (formerly Edmonton Eskimos) of the Canadian Football League. The team has won 13 Grey Cups and plays at the 60,000 seat Commonwealth Stadium. Good seats can be bought in advance, but few games are sold out and tickets can be purchased at the door. There is no professional baseball in Edmonton, but the collegiate Edmonton Riverhawks play at RE/MAX Field in the summer.
The University of Alberta Golden Bears (men's teams) and Pandas (women's teams) participate in a number of sports including hockey, basketball, volleyball, soccer, football (men only), rugby, and track and field at venues on both the main and south campuses. Smaller universities and colleges in Edmonton also have teams and athletes that compete in a variety of sports.
Edmonton, hailed as "Canada's Festival City", is home to over 30 annual festivals and special events throughout the year.
Attracting over 500,000 visitors each year, the Edmonton International Fringe Theatre Festival is the largest in North America, second largest in the world, offering some 1,000 performances, primarily in venues in Old Strathcona. The Works Art & Design Festival features new works of painting, drawing, sculpture and other arts. The Whyte Ave Artwalk lets viewers stroll the avenue looking at local art. There is also the Canoe Fest which tells stories about morals and history. For music, Symphony Under the Sky is a nice way to listen to some fine music in the great outdoors. One of the world’s leading Folk festivals, the Edmonton Folk Music Festival is a four-day outdoor music extravaganza that attracts more than 80,000 music lovers. Situated in Gallagher Park in Edmonton's scenic river valley, the festival offers an eclectic mix of music for all tastes. The more popular festivals often sell out, particularly the Folk Festival and many Fringe performances, sometimes well in advance, so visitors should make arrangements for tickets as early as possible to avoid disappointment.
For culture, Edmonton rolls out the red carpet. Edmonton Pride Festival is a large LGBTQ festival celebrating LGBTQ culture; although it is centred in Old Strathcona and Whyte Ave, festivities take place throughout the city.
Ethnic festivals are numerous here, due to Canada's policy of supporting multiculturalism, notably the Ufest: Edmonton Ukrainian Festival (Borden Park, May), Deep Freeze Byzantine Winter Festival (Ukrainian, French, Indigenous, African; Alberta Avenue, January), Flying Canoë Volant (French and Indigenous, Mill Creek Ravine, February); Edmonton Cariwest (Caribbean, Churchill Square, June). To see all the cultures in one place, the biggest cultural festival of all is Heritage Festival (popularly called "Heritage Days") where each of more than 60 countries and cultures hosts its own pavilion filled with food, dance, and local goods.
In food, Edmonton has some festivals to keep you salivating. One of the most popular is A Taste of Edmonton. Purchase tickets and sample culinary delights from 40 of Edmonton’s leading restaurants at Sir Winston Churchill Square.
The Edmonton area has seven large casinos: Pure Casino Yellowhead, Pure Casino Edmonton, Grand Villa Casino, Starlight Casino, Century Casino, Century Casino St. Albert, and River Cree Resort & Casino. Century Mile is a casino and horse racing track located at the Edmonton International Airport.
Major learning institutions in Edmonton are:
University of Alberta (U of A) (in South Central) is Edmonton's (and Alberta's) largest and most famous postsecondary institution, with over 300 undergraduate and 500 graduate programs in 18 faculties and a large network of teaching hospitals and research libraries. U of A's main campus covers over 50 city blocks in the Strathcona neighbourhood. U of A also has a campus at the south, downtown and at Camrose.
MacEwan University (in Central) is a liberal arts university offers undergraduate programs in liberal arts, fine arts, business, communications, engineering and medicine.
Northern Alberta Institute of Technology (NAIT) (in North) provides polytechnic and apprentice education, with 200 programs leading to certificates, diplomas and bachelor's degrees.
Norquest College (in Central), offers year-round career programs leading to diplomas and certificates, continuing education and English as a second language (ESL) courses.
Concordia University (in the North) offers undergraduate degree programs in the arts, science and management, and graduate degrees in education, information technology and psychology.
King's University (in the South) is a Christian university offering undergraduate programs in the arts, humanities, music, social sciences, natural sciences and education.
Trendy Whyte Avenue on a winter day.
Some of the best shopping opportunities are...
Whyte Avenue (in South Central) is the stretch of 82 Avenue west of 75 St. You'll tend to want to focus on the strip between Gateway Boulevard and 109 Street. Whyte Avenue is Edmonton's main retail district on the urban side and certainly should not be missed. It's edgy, funky, mainstream, indie, quirky, and nerdy. Stroll through bookstores, clothing shops, and little gift shops while amidst the wonderful crowd of people.
124th Street (in Central) is Edmonton's quieter urban shopping experience. Outside the downtown, this strip has become a good place to stop. The place is mainly home to boutiques and designer shops for stuff like fashion, furniture and home improvement. The area is also home to the Gallery Walk - the first of its kind in Canada. The member galleries are easily accessible within walking distance. There are two self-guided gallery walks organized each spring and fall.
West Edmonton Mall (in West End) ... few can miss the largest mall in the continent, at 8882 170 St (NW). Over 800 shops fill the suburban mega shopping and entertainment centre. Pretty much any style can be found here. Browse the shops for art, books, gifts, lingerie, soaps, groceries, clothing, watches, jewelry and what ever else you can think of!
Kingsway (Garden) Mall (in North) is Edmonton's second largest mall.
Downtown (in Central) you will find Edmonton City Centre, which transforms three city blocks into a retail destination of more than 170 stores and services. Adjacent to Edmonton City Centre are Commerce Place and Manulife Place, where you’ll find a selection of high-end retailers such as Escada, 29 Armstrong and Holt Renfrew.
See the district articles for specific listings of different restaurants and fast food joints.
There are three major dining centres:
Downtown and Oliver - many restaurants both chains and independents, with a side range in pricing. 103 St., 102nd Avenue, 100 St. and Jasper Avenue have the highest concentration. Some of the most popular include: Lux Steakhouse, Sorrentino's, Famoso Neapolitan, Japanese Village, La Ronde, Sabor Divino, Corso 32 and La Tapa.
Whyte Ave. - a trendy area that has some good restaurants and many that are average, and the greatest concentration of bars and pubs in the city.
West Edmonton - whether in West Edmonton Mall or nearby, there are many restaurants, but few that will provide an above-average meal.
Edmonton is the birthplace of two major Canadian restaurant chains: Boston Pizza (Italian), and Earl's (Canadiana). These two have major locations across Canada. The city is also home to a lot of good quality fast food chains like Burger Baron and Fatburger.
Italian food is very high quality in Edmonton. Chianti's, Sicilian Kitchen, Sorrentino's, Fiore Cantina, and Tony's Pizza offer hearty and filling pasta. The best are Whyte Ave, Downtown, or in Little Italy.
Edmonton has some excellent ethnic restaurants. "Langano Skies" is a fabulous Ethiopian restaurant on Whyte Ave, "Syphay" offers spicy Thai cuisine on Calgary Trail and 62 Ave and "Padmanadi's" is a delicious Indonesian vegan restaurant in downtown.
Edmonton has its fair share of cheap Chinese food, most of which is concentrated in Chinatown. WokBox is another Edmonton-based chain, offering fair priced Chinese food in a fast food environment.
While the macrobrewery Labatt makes beer in Edmonton (look for a giant beer can at Gateway Blvd and Whitemud Dr), if you're looking for a more unique (and usually pricier) brew, Edmonton is home to a growing number of smaller breweries. Alley Kat and Yellowhead brews are commonly on tap in bars.
There are many pubs, clubs, lounges, and bars clustered on Jasper Avenue (downtown) and Whyte Avenue (Old Strathcona). Some of the most popular in Old Strathcona include Hudson's', Filthy McNasty's, Tavern on Whyte and O'Byrne's.
For those looking for a more indie experience should journey to Black Dog Pub and The Buckingham who provide visitors with a less mainstream outing.
Downtown you will find a range of places to serve your drinking desires. Contemporary resto-lounges, such as Sherlock Holmes, Red Star Pub, and The Pint.
A variety of dance clubs can be located in the downtown area and these include: Vinyl Retro Dance Lounge (Retro Classics/Top 40), Oil City Roadhouse (Country), Treasury Vodka Bar (Top 40/Electronic), and Warehouse (Top 40)
Edmonton also has a prominent LGBT community and offers several establishments that cater to this particular group, including The Grindstone and Evolution Wonderlounge.
Further afield Edmonton also offers nighttime spots in less centralized locations. Midway Music Hall is a live music nightclub located in South Edmonton at 6107 104 Street. West Edmonton Mall located in West Edmonton provides visitors with a number of bars including Empire Ballroom a large vegas-style club, Whisky Jack's Urban Saloon yet another country music club, and Hudson's, the west end location of the Edmonton pub chain.
Most of the budget hotels in the city are concentrated in and around the south (e.g. Derrick Hotel) end of the city or in the deep east central area. Staying near the airport can often be less expensive than in the city, see Leduc#Sleep.
There are also hostels located downtown, by Jekyll & Hyde's Pub, and just off of Whyte Avenue.
Closer to the core, Holiday Inn Express Downtown and the Comfort Inn & Suites are good options. These two offer great views along with easy access to the benefits of downtown. In the north end, the Prospector's Gaming Room and North Inn and Suites are some great examples of some modern and simple good priced hotels at that part of the city. In the West End, with the closeness of West Edmonton Mall, there are a ton of hotels to choose from, most of which are on 100 Ave.
South of the river, in Old Strathcona-University the Campus Suites is a great option for nice service and its proximity to the University. Days Inn Edmonton South in Old Strathcona is just a few blocks off Whyte Avenue. Also on Gateway Boulevard there are a lot of hotels like Greenwood Inn & Suites, Ramada South, Ramada Edmonton, Mayfield Inn, Travelodge South, Econo Lodge, Sawridge Inn Edmonton South and Cedar Park Inn are the highest quality. In the east, there is a lovely Four Points hotel with easy access to the city.
Edmonton has a good variety of high end hotels in different locations in the city. Some of the most popular locations are:
Downtown Edmonton – It has the most high end hotels in the city. One can choose from hotels with river valley views including Chateau Lacombe and the Courtyard Marriott and ones that have good views of the city such as the Sutton Place Hotel and the Westin Edmonton. There are also beautiful boutique hotels like Matrix Hotel and the Union Bank Inn. Either way, all of these posh empires have good access to downtown, friendly service, nice architecture, and luxury suites. For the extravagant traveller, the Fairmont Hotel Macdonald is a classic, chateau-like building built in 1912 and is the most expensive in the city, overlooking the river valley in elegant style.
West Edmonton – The area is full of higher-class hotels due to the proximity of West Edmonton Mall. One can choose from Fantasyland Hotel that's right in the mall or further out ones like Hampton Inn & Suites and the Hilton Garden Inn.
Area codes for phones in Edmonton are 780, 587, 825, and 368.
Most hotels offer wireless connection. For outdoor use, check out City Hall/Churchill Square or most parts of downtown, as they have good internet connection. There are a small number of internet cafés, most being downtown or in Old Strathcona-University.
Visiting Edmonton is no more risky than visiting any other large city. There are some areas where increased caution is advised, particularly after dark:
The "inner city" area to the east of downtown (these neighbourhoods include: Boyle, Central McDougall, Chinatown, Little Italy, and Alberta Avenue) – a square bounded by Jasper Avenue (corresponds to 101 Avenue) on the south, 118 Avenue on the north, 97 Street on the west, and around 85th Street on the east – has parts that are best avoided. 118 Avenue and 107 Avenue feature numerous signs asking visitors to report prostitution by calling a 1-800 number. There is a large homeless and transient population in this area which has been followed with a serious drug and alcohol issue and gang violence. As well as the inner city, Stony Plain Road on the west side, 107 Avenue north of downtown, and a few areas in the city's northeast, particularly around 66th Street and Fort Road, and Abbotsfield (around 118 Ave and 34 Street) have higher crime rates and gang problems.
There has been an increase in alcohol-fuelled disturbances on weekends near 82nd (Whyte) Avenue between 103 Street and 109 Street (the city's most concentrated party zone). Use caution and common sense here, be somewhat wary of the closing-time outflow after midnight on Friday and Saturday nights. Try to be out of the bar and on your way home by 1AM, or, at the very least, don't linger on the street after closing time, also travel in groups if possible.
Since the start of the COVID-19 pandemic, there has been an increase in the amount of crime taking place on the city's light rail transit (LRT) system, with incidents of illicit drug use and violence occurring at train stations and on the trains themselves. These incidents are mostly concentrated at the underground stations downtown, and mostly tend to happen when the sun goes down. Regardless, travelers who take the LRT are advised to be wary of their surroundings at all times, especially if they are going downtown.
Panhandling has increased, particularly downtown and in the Old Strathcona area. Just decline politely and it shouldn't be an issue. Try to avoid parking lots that aren't gated shut, as there is a clear entrance for panhandlers to get in and be more aggressive.
Emergency - If you have an emergency, call 911.
Navigation in Edmonton is made easier by city's street grid and relative lack of traffic compared to most other major North American cities. Additional hazards are presented by winter driving in the city, especially during and after the first few snowfalls of the winter. Ice can be a problem, especially on bridges. Ice on roadways can be almost invisible, which is where the commonly used – and dreaded – term "black ice" comes from. Stay tuned to local radio stations, several of which have regular road reports, and be prepared to find alternate routes should weather conditions or accidents shut down some routes.
Edmonton Journal The city's newspaper of record, a broadsheet with a reasonable sprinkling of national and international news. Available in news stands and paper boxes throughout the city.
Edmonton Sun A tabloid newspaper focusing primarily on Edmonton and area. Same availability as the Journal.
Dial 911 for a life-threatening emergency. Call Health Link Alberta at 811 for immediate advice if you are unsure whether or not to go to Emergency. If you are certain you have a non-emergency situation but would still like to go to Emergency, consider the wait times at the Alberta Health Services website which may be upwards of four hours for the least urgent. Parking at hospitals in Alberta is always for a fee.
University of Alberta Hospital, 8440 112 Street NW (LRT: Health Sciences/Jubilee), ☏ +1 780-407-8822. 24 hours. Major trauma centre for half the province and most comprehensive, with the flipside being longest wait times for non-emergencies. (updated Mar 2019)
Royal Alexandra Hospital, 10240 Kingsway NW (LRT: Royal Alex/Kingsway), ☏ +1 780-735-4111. 24 hours. (updated Mar 2019)
Misericordia Community Hospital, 16940 87 Avenue NW, ☏ +1 780-735-2000. 24 hours. (updated Mar 2019)
Grey Nuns Community Hospital, 2927 66 Street NW, ☏ +1 780-735-7000. 24 hours. Built in 1988, the newest of Edmonton's hospitals. (updated Mar 2019)
Stollery Children's Hospital, 8440 112 Street NW (LRT: Health Sciences/Jubilee), ☏ +1 780-407-8822. 24 hours. Emergency room for those 17 and under. Attached to University Hospital. (updated Mar 2019)
Northeast Community Health Centre, 14007 50 Street NW, ☏ +1 780-342-4000. 24 hours. Though not a hospital, this complex has a fully functional emergency department. (updated Mar 2019)
East Edmonton Health Centre, 7910 112 Avenue NW, ☏ +1 780-342-4740. M-F 5-10:30PM, Sa Su holidays 3-10:30PM. Open only during evenings, this Urgent Care Centre is a good choice for problems that need same-day attention but aren't life threatening. (updated Mar 2019)
Edmonton is patrolled by the Edmonton Police Service. In addition to the Police Headquarters/Downtown Division located east of City Hall, the EPS is separated into five operational Divisions (the name in brackets denotes the neighbourhood in which the Division station is located):
Downtown Division (Boyle Street)
Northwest Division (Rural North West, just north of Anthony Henday Drive on 127 Street)
An aerial view of Edmonton skyscrapers
Calgary – a bustling city, Alberta's largest metropolis, 300 kilometres (190 mi) south of Edmonton
Jasper National Park – the less-developed, less-commercial national park, beautiful in all seasons
Banff National Park – attracts a globe-spanning population of tourists to its mountains, lakes, and shopping districts approximately 5 hours from Edmonton
Elk Island National Park – less than an hour's drive east of Edmonton along the Yellowhead Highway (Hwy 16). This is one of the last remaining large areas of natural aspen parkland undisturbed by agriculture and other human activities. It is home to a variety of wildlife indigenous to the region such as moose, wood bison, deer, elk, beaver, muskrat and various waterfowl. Over 250 species of birds live here, making it a good place for birdwatching. The Ukrainian Pioneer Home, located in the vicinity of Lake Astotin, is Canada's oldest Ukrainian museum. There is camping, cross country skiing, hiking and other outdoor activities.
Jasper / Grande Prairie via ← Spruce Grove ←
Peace River ← St. Albert ←
Stony Plain ← Spruce Grove ←
Cold Lake / Fort McMurray via ← Bon Accord ←
Cold Lake / Fort McMurray via ← Gibbons ←
This city travel guide to Edmonton is a usable article. It has information on how to get there and on restaurants and hotels. An adventurous person could use this article, but please feel free to improve it by editing the page.