Gaborone is the capital of Botswana. It is in the south of the country, near the border to South Africa. Generally it is a clean, safe and functioning city that is spreading ever further outwards into a suburban sprawl that today measures about 15 km from east to west.
From a dusty one-horse town in the 1960s, Gaborone has developed into a substantial city of 420,000 inhabitants in the metro area (as of 2011).
There is a definite city centre based around the train station and the government enclave of Khama Crescent. However, numerous shopping malls are dotted all over the city, diluting the prominence of the downtown area.
Average max. and min. temperatures in °C
Precipitation+Snow totals in mmSource:w:Gaborone#Climate
Average max. and min. temperatures in °F
Gaborone's nomenclature confuses most new arrivals. Different parts of town are called blocks, extensions, phases, etc., and there can be several names for the same place. Below is a rough guide:
The Extensions - to the east of the railway line radiating out from the Government Enclave. Extensions 9 and 11 are probably the wealthiest parts of Gaborone. Extension 15, out near Riverwalk Mall is known as 'the Village'
Gabs West - the inner blocks to the west of the railway line, inside the Western Bypass. Gabs West is sub-divided into Phases 1, 2, 4 and industrial.
The Blocks - to the west of the railway line, outside the Western Bypass. The blocks number 5 - 10 running south to north (although Block 9 is an outlier being the southernmost of the blocks, and there is a Block 3 directly north of the downtown area). Some maps (including Google Maps) label the Blocks as high numbered Extensions (e.g. Block 8 is made up of Extensions 35 & 36) but everyone will refer to an area by its block number.
The Central Business District refers to a patch of undeveloped land in the centre of the city that is being developed into overly modern hotels and offices (including the new Lansmore hotel)
Phakalane a new-build suburb 12 km north of the centre of Gaborone - based around a golf estate - on the east side of the A1 Francistown road. South-west of Phakalane is the still to be developed Glen Valley
Gaborone North - a developing suburb out towards the airport to the west of Phakalane.
Broadhurst is an older suburb to the northeast of the centre. On the southern edge of Broadhurst are Partial and Maru-a-Pula
Tlokweng a poorer suburb to the east of the Notwane River, home to several nice guesthouses.
Knight Frank, a real estate agent with an office near the Shell Garage on the Main Mall, has a useful map of the city.
Customs is very slow, but easy to get through (as appears to be the case for most of Africa). Have an address on hand for where you will be staying and they hardly give you a hassle.
Sir Seretse Khama International Airport (GBE IATA) (about 15 km north of central Gaborone). Botswana's main airport. It is mainly served by flights from other Southern African countries, but there are also flights to Addis Ababa and Nairobi. (updated Nov 2023)
Air Botswana, in the Main Mall, Phone: 395 1921. Provides international connections from Cape Town, Harare (Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays) Johannesburg (daily), Lusaka, as well as domestic flights from Francistown, Kasane and Maun. Typical fares from Gabarone are in US$ 200 - 400 range.
Airlink, flies in from Johannesburg.
Ethiopian Airlines flies in from Addis Ababa via Victoria Falls.
Taxi rides from the airport to the city centre cost P150 (pula). It costs less going to the airport, P60-80.
You can arrive from most big cities in the country by bus. However, do arrive at the bus station early, as the buses can fill up very quickly, and sometimes just leave as soon as they are full. Bring water, as the buses are often not air conditioned, and if you do not manage to get a seat, it is likely you will have to stand until at least halfway to your destination, particularly on week-ends.
Gabs - Francistown: approx. 6 hours, P96/person
Francistown - Maun: approx 6 hours, P110/person
There is a daily bus that connects Pretoria, South Africa with Gaborone. The bus is operated by Intercape and the tickets can be booked online or purchased at one of their offices. The bus departs from Pretoria Station on Paul Kruger & Scheiding Street at 13:15 and arrives at the Kudu Shell Service Station in Gaborone at 21:10 (an 8-hr bus ride). This bus makes a brief stop at the Johannesburg bus station to pick up passengers. As of 2011 the bus fare was 195 rand per person.
The bus is pretty nice: tourist class, reclining seats, and a working bathroom. However, be prepared for the Christian materials on-board. Basically, all the movies that are played on the Intercape bus have overly religious messages in them.
The border crossing between South Africa and Botswana is pretty straight forward. The passengers get off the bus (without the luggage, just the documentation) at the South African immigration check point to get their exit stamps, then they walk over to the Botswana side to get their entrance visa stamps. Be careful, buses sometimes do leave passengers stranded in the border without telling them.
Botswana Railways operates two daily trains, one day and one overnight service, linking Gaborone with Francistown as well as Lobatse, near the border with South Africa.  Gaborone station is on Station Rd, behind the huge Station mall.
Public taxis are generally small white cars and can be identified by their blue license plates. These cars travel designated routes, generally going to areas/neighbourhoods that combi routes do not. The fare for a taxi is P7. Since taxis can only hold a maximum of 5 passengers they also tend to be quicker than a combi in completing their route. You can catch a taxi at many combi stops and ask them to drop you off anywhere along the route. For route information simply ask the driver of the taxi. If you need to go to a particular destination not on the taxi route then ask for a "special", see cab section below.
A cab is a private taxi or a "special" which takes you directly from your origin to destination. This may be a public taxi with a blue licence plate or a privately run cab. Generally you must request a cab by phone. There are several cab companies in Gabs and many display contact information on the cab. You can also hail public taxis on the road and request a special. To give directions, its usually better to give Plot numbers or easily identified places rather than street names (which aren't commonly used). If a driver gives you a good rate, ask him for his cell phone number and remind him of the place where you are staying. Using one driver the whole time you are in Gaborone can end up saving you money. Don't worry if you hail a cab with someone inside. Offer to split the fare for the destination and save each other some cash. Don't be afraid to try and discuss lower fares. Most trips should be P20-30 (e.g. Main Mall to Game City is around P30).
AB Cab, tel. 390 2147.
Combis are white vans that are like mini-buses. Combis cost P6, as of 2022. The only Combis that cost P4 are the ones going through the Old Naledi Ward (an area designated as a Low Income Residential Area). There are no route maps, but there are different lines, so just ask the driver if that line passes where you need to go. If you know the direction you need to go, start walking there -- combis will honk at you as they are passing, to let you know they're behind you.
The Hindu hall (BAPS Swaminarayan Hindu Mission). A large Hindu temple and a major landmark. Major Hindu festivals are celebrated here. (updated Sep 2016)
Three Dikgosi Monument. Three bronze statues of the chiefs Khama III of the Bangwato, Sebele I of Bakwena and Bathoeng I of Bangwaketse, who travelled to the Great Britain in 1895, to ask the British to rule Botswana directly rather than letting it be incorporated into the British South Africa Company and Southern Rhodesia. The monument was a gift from North Korea and inaugurated in 2005. (updated Sep 2016)
Statue of Seretse Khama. Statue of the country's first president. (updated Sep 2016)
National Botanical Garden (3 km south-east of the city centre). Operated by the National Museum, here you can see indigenous plants from all six ecological regions in Botswana. (updated Sep 2016)
Gaborone was constructed as a planned city in the 1960s, much like Brasilia. Therefore you will find a great deal of modern architecture, in particular in the Government Enclave. Such buildings include:
The parliament. (updated Sep 2016)
Southern African Development Community headquarters. (updated Sep 2016)
National Stadium. (updated Sep 2016)
New Ministry Building. (updated Sep 2016)
Debswana (mining company) Headquarters. (updated Sep 2016)
Kgale Hill. Do not forget to make the pleasant climb up Kgale Hill, one of Botswana's highest hills (at 1,287 m elevation). It provides a magnificent view over the city and surrounding areas. Be careful of the baboons, though, and do not stray off the path. There are no guides, and there is no entrance fee to worry about. Do go - but only when there are other cars in the parking lot. The best time is M-F 4PM - 6PM. The middle of a weekend day is not a good time. Going up without other cars in the lot near the quarry risks being robbed by knife. (updated Sep 2016)
Gaborone Cycling Club, ☏ +267 71811472. Actually a mountain biking rather than cycling club.
Gaborone Dam. The Gaborone Dam is the only large body of water near Gaborone, the source of water for the city and a recreational area. There are yacht and fishing clubs based here, as well as playgrounds and parks. It's a great place for activities such as birdwatching, windsurfing or angling, but unsuitable for swimming due to the risk of bilharzia and crocodiles. (updated Sep 2016)
Movies typically cost P40 per seat (2012). It is assigned seating, so tell the cashier your preference when buying the ticket. Theaters usually show big-name movies (as a small theater in the US would). There are three cinemas in Gabs, one in Riverwalk Mall, one in Game City Mall and one in Masa Centre.
Mokolodi. The highlight of many people's time is a cheetah visit where you can actually pet a cheetah. On a two-hour game drive you might see baboons, giraffe, wart hogs, zebra, elephant, hippo, etc. The guides are always very nice.
Gaborone Game Reserve, Maaloso, ☏ +267 318 4492. One of the smaller game reserves, if you have a car you can just drive yourself around. Mostly birds, but some monkeys, wart hog, ostrich, zebras, wild boars, and kudus. It has picnic spots, but be careful of monkeys and ostriches.
Maitisong Festival: April. (date needs updating)
Gaborone abounds with shopping malls, and pretty much every South African chain store has at least one branch somewhere in the city. Unfortunately this crowds out local independent shops. Coupled with seemingly rampant collusion and price fixing among retailers makes Gabs a disappointing and quite expensive place to shop, despite the 14% VAT rate.
There are, however, a few arts villages and local workshops that buck the trend, and a visit can make a pleasant diversion for an afternoon.
Main Mall, a pedestrianised street in central Gaborone
Oodi Weavers (about 5km east of Phakalane on the road to Modipane). M-F 10:00 - 16:30 (closed weekends). Established in 1972 by Swedish apartheid refugee Peder Gowenius this small enterprise produces pleasing tapestries of village scenes and the like (P1,000 for a good-sized piece). Any visitor will be encouraged to see the workshop and chat with the weavers.
Wood carvings and colourful prints are high quality and reasonably priced; most are imported from other African countries.
Game Store. Game store in the Game City Mall is the largest super store in Botswana and has got variety of low-cost, medium quality items. (updated Sep 2016)
Botswana Craft, Nakadi Street, Broadhurst Industrial. Curiously located in the middle of an industrial estate, Botswana Craft is a little oasis comprising a handful of little cafes and art shops. It's a little too Arikaaner flavoured for some, but an interesting place to browse if you are passing. If you want to buy a Buddhist statue or some scented candles this is the place to go.
The Bike Shop, Macheng Way (look for lots of yellow trucks belonging to a neighbouring freight company), ☏ +267 71306146. Great little bike shop selling refurbished cycles shipped from the US, together with fancy new mountain bikes and accessories. Considerably more professional than nearby Gaborone Garage and Cycles.
Seswaa with Bogobe, boiled meat with maize porridge, a traditional Botswanan dish
Gaborone is not an exciting place to eat, and the city suffers more than most from South African culinary hegemony. However if you keep your expectations low there are some interesting nooks and crannies to interest your taste buds.
The restaurants below are organised by compass point from the city centre.
White box food (sold all over the government district on weekdays). Quick and simple lunch of rice and veg (P10) or rice, veg and meat (P20). Tasty and filling. (updated Sep 2016)
Deli's (in the Craft Centre in Broadhurst Mall). One of the best lunch places in down. Real Italian food. Imported products. Amazing pastas and pizzas. Beef lasagne especially, at P55 for huge portion. (updated Sep 2016)
Funyama Holdings Chinese Restaurant (in Marua Pula mall), ☏ +267 3957254. Authentic and good value Chinese with an extensive menu, including such delights as Crispy Pork Intestines with Hot Dry Chili. Also covers more standard 'beef in black bean sauce' type dishes. The Devil Soup at P10 and the noodle dishes at P30 are particularly good value. (updated Sep 2016)
Bull & Bush (down a track north of Sebone Road, just east of the railway line). Bar & restaurant serves up a range of meat-centred dishes; does a pretty good job. (updated Sep 2016)
Par 5 Indian Restaurant, Phala (in Gaborone Golf Club next to Gaborone Sun Hotel), ☏ +267 3912299. Unfussy south Asian cuisine serving a range of meat and veg dishes, including several daals. Nice setting overlooking the golf course, with indoor and outdoor seating. Closed Mondays. Mains P40-60.
Beef Baron, in the Grand Palm Walmont hotel. Lunch and dinner. Perhaps Gaborone's most expensive restaurant. Serves excellent and huge meat dishes, including some game, but beef is in the ascendancy. Desserts are good also (including the lovely malva pudding). Atmosphere is pretty nice for a hotel restaurant, although there are no windows. Mains from P120.
Chutney's (next to OK Foods on the Western Bypass, also called the OK Foods Mall). Excellent Indian food including southern dishes such as dosas. Not much for ambiance but great food. (updated Sep 2016)
Caravela (off Kgasa Road). One of the few suburban house restaurants in the city. Nominally Portuguese menu including a good selection of seafood, and Mozambican beer. The outdoor patio area has a very nice ambiance. Open for dinner 7 nights a week. Food is a little hit and miss, and the prices are in expat territory, but worth giving a try. (updated Sep 2016)
Sanitas (about 2 km southeast of Fairgrounds Mall; turn beside Naledi Motors (beside mall) and follow signs). Tu-Su. A hidden gem. It's a garden centre that has a large cafe for breakfast, lunch or brunch. Has a children's playground also. (updated Sep 2016)
News Café, Village district (At the Mondior Summit Hotel). 06:30-22:30. Close to the Mondior Summit, News Café is popular even with outside guests. The menu centres on "European style" dishes, but with some interesting twists. The place really shines in the cocktail department. On Friday and Saturday nights, the music is often cranked up loud even though there is no dance floor, so sit outside if you want to make conversation. Staff are young and sometimes inexperienced, but most of the time the service is quite good. Prices are somewhat above the regular fare in Gaborone, but then so is the quality. They have Happy Hour from 17:00-18:00. Buy 1 get 1 free on all cocktails.
Pavilion Restaurant, Private Bag BO3 (Plot 50381, Moedi Close, Fairgrounds Office Park), ☏ +267 365 1600, +267 3975555, tmogomotsi@fgh.co.bw. Daily 07:00-22:30, including holidays. Upmarket restaurant which serves buffet lunch, a la carte lunch and dinner. It seats 96 people inside and has a terrace which seats 120 people. One can also relax in the Pavilion Bar for snacks and beverages. From P100.
Embassy. Excellent Indian food located in the Riverwalk Mall. Note: food can take up to one hour, especially if with large group. Mains around P60. (updated Sep 2016)
Abyssinia Ethiopian Cafe (Riverwalk mall). Botswana's only Ethiopian restaurant. On Fridays through Sundays this cafe serves pretty good injera with all the trimmings for P80. Also does great coffee and is cleaner and quieter than Equatorial Coffee around the corner. Closed evenings Sunday-Thursday. (updated Sep 2016)
Adventurous? Try some mopane worms, a speciality of Southern Africa
The Moghul, 171 Tlokweng Road (inside Oasis Motel), ☏ +267 397 5346. Set under a thatched roof at the back of the Oasis Motel this place serves up flavoursome Indian & Pakistani cooking. However, perhaps because of its hotel location, prices are a little steep and portion sizes disappointing. Takeaway and delivery possible. P50 for a veg curry up to P80 for a Rogan Josh.
Cafe Dijo (in Kgale Mall, the small mall next to Game City). Free wireless, great coffee, delicious and healthy food. A great place for catching up on e-mail or chatting with friends on a lazy Saturday morning. Frequented by expats. Inside Game City. (updated Sep 2016)
Mugg & Bean. South African chain coffee and lunch place. Located upstairs in Game City Mall, makes for a noisy indoor shopping mall vibe with adequate coffee.
Nando's Chicken. Nando's is a bit spicy, and much better chicken than at KFC. Costs about P50 for a meal (chicken, soda, chips). It's in the African Mall, Game City Mall, BBS Mall and Riverwalk Mall, one is under construction in the Main Mall, at the east end adjacent to Orange. For a different taste, try Barcelos which is just across from Nandos in African mall. (updated Sep 2016)
Pie Time (in the Main Mall and the African Mall). Pies are flaky dough filled with meat or vegetables (called Patties in some other parts of the world). Costs about P for a pie, P for a drink. Wide variety of fillings. (updated Sep 2016)
Debonairs, 13141 Segoditshane Way. A popular pizza restaurant that also does deliveries. P55 cheapest pizza.
Prices for Western goods are at EU prices; local goods (corn meal) are inexpensive at grocery stores.
Choppies and OK Foods are local chains. They have the cheapest prices and are located in all areas of Gaborone.
Woolworths is in several of the main malls and has much higher quality produce and more European food selections. If you want exotic fruits or vegetables or good cheese, definitely the store to go to.
Pick-and-Pay, South African chain, has better quality and is more expensive than Choppies.
ShopRite, South African chain has stores all over Gaborone with lower prices.
SPAR in the Main Mall seems to be the cheapest for fruit juices (about P for 1 Litre of 100% fruit juice).
For a budget, buy a pie at Pie Time and then a drink at Spar. (P for a full meal).
In all super market malls, there is a grocery store.
Bull and Bush. English pub in north part of Gaborone. A common ex-pat hangout big-screen TV and pool tables. Friday night is usually for the younger kids, Saturday night for the adults. The food is excellent, especially the pizza and ribs. The last Wednesday of the month is quiz night (or quizzo) where teams compete on trivia for prizes. Monday night is Rib night and well worth a visit! (updated Sep 2016)
Club Satchmo, Ntimbale Road. Jazz club with decent drinks and great music. (updated Sep 2016)
Gaborone Yacht Club, Off the old Lobaste road near the railway crossing, ☏ +267 72471977. Evenings Wednesday & Fridays, lunch Saturdays & Sundays. Hidden away down a dusty track to the side of Gaborone dam the Yacht Club bar makes a great sun-downer location. Opening hours are limited, simple food available (e.g., steak-burger & chips P45). P10 entrance.
Covers range from P20 to P100. Many have dress codes. And like most places, the popular nights at each place vary. Check with local Batswana (people from Botswana) for time relevant information.
Notwane Club. Used mainly to host private or special DJ events such as The Thursdays Hip Hop Night.The event is a great chance to have a taste of local music and drinks on special prices. (updated Sep 2016)
Gaborone compares to South Africa in terms of accommodation choice and costs. There are a handful of large chain hotels costing P800+ offering conference facilities, curio shops, evening restaurants, gyms and bars - and dozens of smaller guesthouses, lodges and bed & breakfasts varying in quality, cleanliness and price. However it is difficult to go much below P400 per night for a room. For those staying for months rather than days there are a handful of relativity expensive serviced apartments, although these are often full. Finally if you have your own car and want to keep away from the city there are some good options out in the bush 15 km to the south of Gabs that cost about the same as a guesthouse in town. There is also one Backpackers hostel in Gaborone.
If you travel on a shoestring or are staying in Gabs for weeks or months the following may be of interest.
Motheo Apartments, Plot 4710, Moremi Road (off Independence Avenue), ☏ +267 318 1587. Slightly aging compound offering serviced studio, one and two bed apartments and town houses. Daily, monthly and yearly rates available with prices from P9,500/month for a studio up to P13,500/month for a town house. Book well in advance. Internet is available at a price.
Innisfree Apartments, Plot 5004 Boteti Road, The Village (near Riverwalk Mall), ☏ +267 3953603. Comfortable serviced studio and one-bed apartments offering monthly rentals. Wifi is included. P9,000/month for a double room up to P13,500/month for a one-bed apartment. Pretty popular so book well in advance.
Hantom House, G-West Phase 1, Alan@Gabz.Biz. Long running expat houseshare for multi-month long stays.
Mokolodi Backpackers Hostel, Plot 86 Mokoadi (10 km south of Gaborone.), ☏ +267-74111164. Camping with own tent. and dorm beds. just off the Gaborone Lobatse highway. has to be the most low cost place to stay in Gaborone. p 120/210 per person. (updated May 2015)
African Home, Nyerere Drive (two streets west of Middlestar shopping centre). Small hotel with a larger wing being constructed out back. Basic but charming design. Staff and amenities are still working out some glitches, for instance assuring that plugs on appliances match outlets. P400/double, including continental breakfast.
Linville B&B, Plot 59865, Block 7, ☏ +267 3185622, +267 71498622. Boutique bed & breakfast.
Riverside Lodge (first left after crossing the Notwane river on the Tlokweng road, signposted), ☏ +267 3928805. Small lodge with about 10 rooms a few minutes from Riverside mall. The grounds are quiet, but it does feel a little like a car park. Rooms have a/c and DSTV. No internet or Wi-Fi. Some rooms only have baths (no shower). Not a bad option if looking for somewhere cheap to crash overnight. The prices on the website are long out-of-date. from P360 including breakfast.
Royal Apartments Lodge, Plot 256, Tlokweng (Behind Senn Foods, along Tlokweng Road), ☏ +267 3906033. Good value lodge a 1-km walk from Riverside Mall. Rooms have a/c, flatscreen DSTV, fridge, free wi/fi, and are clean and sunny. There is a small pool and pleasant garden out back, with plenty of birdlife contributing to the atmosphere. Cooked breakfasts also nice. from P400 per room.
Oasis Motel (2km past Riverwalk Mall along Tlokweng Road), ☏ +267 392 8396. Opened in 1983 Oasis Motel is one of the older hotels in the city. 110 rooms, good sized pool, internet, a/c and DSTV. It is a bit far from town if you don't have a car, and lots of noise from the road. The Moghul Indian restaurant is on site. From P590 room only.
Protea Hotel by Marriott Gaborone , Plot 54353, New CBD corner Khama Crescent & Western Bypass (in the CBD), ☏ +267 315 9954. Gaborone's flashy business hotel, opened in 2012 and is something of a landmark. Architecture is akin to what you find in the financial districts of European capitals. The highlight is the rooftop pool. Rack rates from US$250 (P1,750)..
Gaborone Sun (next to the golf course east of the city centre), ☏ +267 361 6000. Once the premier hotel in the city, the Gabs Sun is now getting a little old and flabby, with the better staff having been poached by the Monidor and Grand Palm hotels, and hence service can be a bit grumpy and slapdash. Nevertheless it has a lovely pool and bar area (happy hour 6-7PM), and some of the rooms (in particular rooms 203–231 odd numbers) are nice, catching the morning sun glinting off the pool. Facilities comprise ubiquitous casino (read: slot machines), squash courts, small gym, conference facilities, buffet breakfast, pay-as-you-go internet etc. At P900 and up a night its poor value, but with most guests being Government or businesspeople it can get away with these rates. From P900 per room per night.
Grand Palm - Peermont Walmont, Plot 17989 Bonnington Farm,Molepolole Road (west of the city centre), ☏ +267 3637777. Easily the loveliest hotel in Gaborone. Bordering 5-star status, this hotel is a modern oasis with a modern front entrance, a casino to the left and a gigantic and impressive conference centre (The GICC) to the right, marked by an eagle figure flying over a fountain. Out back the hotel has a large swimming pool and a moderately sized lakes that birds frequent. There is also a pool bar that serves food, a children's playground and further afield there is a boma that does barbecue (braai) events and parties. There is also a tennis court and plenty of lush green grass. Inside there is a squash court and a leisure centre. from P1770 per room.
Peermont Metcourt Inn, Botswana, Cnr Bonnington Farm (west of the city centre), ☏ +267 363 7907. The cheaper 3-star hotel on the Grand Palm site - but rates are still steep, in part because you can still use all the facilities of the Walmont. Breakfast is served in the F.L.A.G. Café. From P720 per room excluding breakfast..
Cresta Lodge, Machel, ☏ +267 397 5375. (updated Sep 2016)
Cresta President's Hotel, Botswana Rd (in the heart of the city centre), ☏ +267 395 3631. (updated Sep 2016)
Mondior Summit, ☏ +267 319 0600. With small outdoor swimming pool and jacuzzi. Wifi Internet available in all rooms, for a charge. (updated Sep 2016)
There are internet cafes all over the city, in practically every shopping centre. Prices range from P10-P20 per hour. Many cafes have memberships of 5-20 hours which provide cheaper rates. Network speeds are moderate to good. Many cafes also offer photocopying services.
People in Botswana are very friendly and the crime rate is relatively low, but always be aware of your surroundings. When going out at night to a restaurant take a taxi called from your hotel. Take the mobile number of your driver and call him when you want to go home. Do not walk around at night away from places with lots of people. At night, do not walk back 5 blocks to your hotel from a pub. Do walk around during the day. Basic common sense will keep you safe from criminals. You should have a safe and pleasant trip as hundreds of thousands of other people have each year. If you're staying at a hotel it is safe, but beware for some residential areas affected by burglars.
Stay alert when driving in cars for smash and grabs when using mobile devices near traffic lights (talking on the phone without a handsfree kit is illegal anyways).
Beware when walking at evening or night in street corners as muggings occur, displays of wealth and property make you a target, particularly tempting objects such as mobile phones, laptops.
Crowded public areas are a heaven for pickpockets. Be cautious especially if you are a woman with a handbag. Areas often affected by such crimes are near Old Naledi, Mogoditsane, Broadhurst, Phase I and II.
Police are honest and helpful but sometimes can be late to respond.
When driving to rural areas be extra careful as cows and wildlife often walk in the middle of the road. Be prepared to stop for a herd of goats. Do not drive at night unless you know what you are doing. Drunk driving on weekends and holidays is common and dangerous. Drivers do not look out for or give way to pedestrians. Be very cautious when crossing any street day or night. Do not immediately get out of your car if bumped/hit from behind - drive to a public place (service station/restaurant) to inspect for damage. Do enjoy the beauty!
Police: dial 999 for the helpline or 351161
Med Rescue ambulance (+267) 3901601
Mascom Cell phone Emergency: 147
If you are headed to the north of Botswana like the Okavango Delta and haven't packed any anti-malaria pills, it is possible to get a prescription and have it filled in Gaborone. Try Capital Medical Centre at the Riverwalk Shopping Centre, Dr. Banu Khan (narrow glass door on the left-hand side of the Pharmacy that is right behind the stairs that go up to the second floor), for a drop-in appointment. The consultation visit to get a prescription will cost you P165. As of 2011 the cost of an anti-malarial drug called Doxycycline was P per pill, and Malarone was P per pill. Tel: 370-0066/7
Embassy of China, Plot 3096, North Ring Road, ☏ +267 395 2209, fax: +267 390 0156, chinaemb_bw@mfa.gov.cn. M W F 09:00-12:00. (updated Feb 2024)
Embassy of the United States, Embassy Drive, ☏ +267 395-3982, ConsularGaborone@State.gov. Routine U.S. Citizen Service and Non-Immigrant Visa appointments: Tu Th 8AM-noon. (updated Jan 2022)
Otse Village (approx. 55 km along A1 road south of Gaborone). 30 minutes' drive from Gaborone. Otse village commonly known as "Letsekela" by its inhabitants of Balete origin is surrounded by hills with Manyelanong on the East and Baratani hill on the West. Manyelanong is one of the only two sites that one has the opportunity to see Cape vultures. Because of its height, difficulty to navigate and cliffs, it provides a perfect breeding ground for vultures. Hence the Mannyelanong Game reserve, established solely for the purpose of protecting these endangered vultures. Baratani hill is popularly known for its one of the most outstanding stories of young lovers who were in a forbidden relationship. They decided to elope and hid in a nearby hill but never came back. Residents ever since then have never climbed this hill for fear of not returning.The village has many stories about its people, one outstanding story is of the brave woman "Bosetlha" who killed a 3-m python which had wrapped itself around her body. Though she is now old but still active, Nkuku Bosetlha confirms she got attacked by the snake on her way coming from the lands, the snake wrapped itself around her body. After unsuccessful shouts for help, she desperately fought for her life by tightly opening the python's mouth wider for approximately 30 minutes until good samaritans passed by and cut the snake head with a knife.
Kanye, 100 km south, accessible by bus.
Francistown is a 5- to 7-hour bus ride away; there is also an overnight train service.
The South African border is a little more than 10 km away. Nearby destinations in South Africa include Rustenburg, Pilanesberg National Park and Sun City. Johannesburg is about 8 hours away by bus.
This city travel guide to Gaborone has guide status. It has a variety of good, quality information including hotels, restaurants, attractions and travel details. Please contribute and help us make it a star!