Guiyang dead link (贵阳; Guìyáng) is the capital of Guizhou province, China. While not the most spectacular of Chinese cities, it has much to offer as an introduction to the history, culture and natural splendor of Guizhou and China's southwest. Moreover, it is drastically cheaper than the more touristed and developed provinces. It makes an excellent base for exploring mountains, caves, rivers, and minority cultures of the province.
Guiyang is relatively easy to get to by air with many flights daily coming in from Guangzhou, Shanghai, Beijing and other cities in Southwest China, particularly Kunming and Chengdu.
Guiyang Longdongbao International Airport (KWE IATA). An international airport but options are extremely limited. There is weekly service from Hong Kong, Macao, and Bangkok and perhaps Singapore and Malaysia.
Travelers flying in from abroad will most likely transfer to a domestic flight to Guiyang in Kunming, Guangzhou, Shanghai or Beijing.
From the airport, taxis (¥60 flat rate) or the airport shuttle bus (¥10, drops off in a few locations around town) take fifteen to twenty minutes to reach downtown. Those interested in saving money may opt to catch a taxi from the bus stops in town rather than directly from the airport. Doing so brings the total for a solo traveler to ¥20 from airport to hotel.
Guiyang straddles the trunk rail line linking Chongqing (12 hours) with Kunming (overnight) and points south. Train tickets to Chengdu are also readily available (17 hours). Train tickets, including for hard sleepers, are relatively easy to acquire, given the size of Guiyang's population and its significance as the commercial hub of the province. Heading in from Hunan, the train passes through Kaili before arriving in Guiyang. Tickets to Zunyi (hard seat only) cost ¥17 for the 3½-hour trip.
The area outside the downtown train station,  Guiyang railway station (贵阳站) can be a bit chaotic, but taxis are readily available. There is a taxi queue across the street from the station, although some taxis will stop in mid-traffic to pick you up. Guiyang police have tried to crack down on picking up passengers in crowded areas where it will obstruct traffic, so the queue is probably the best (and safest, given Chinese driving standards) option. The train station is also the terminus for many public bus lines.
High speed rail lines have made their way to Guiyang. The journey to Kunming previously took around 7 hours. Now, travelers can pay ¥212 for a 2½-hour trip. To get from Guiyang to Guangzhou, which took 20–24 hours on normal trains, now takes 4–5 hours and ¥. The line that leads from Guiyang to Chongqing, costs ¥129, and has cut a 4-hour trip in half.
Two stations, both built in the last several years, serve high speed rail. The somewhat older train station,  Guiyang North railway station (贵阳北站, Guiyangbei), is located in Jinyang, one of the newer districts of the city. Most of the high speed trains go through this station. The newest station,  Guiyang East railway station (贵阳东站, Guiyangdong) in Wudang district also serves some high-speed trains. Make sure you know which station you're traveling through, as the three stations are distant enough that you could miss a connection trying to get between them.
The long-distance bus station (金阳汽车站) is in the new JinYang development area. Buses to Jinyang leave from the train station and pass by peoples square, opposite the school. From here you can get buses to several destinations, including Guilin and Guangzhou.
Long-distance buses arriving in Guiyang will likely stop at a different station near the airport where you can take a taxi into the city. The driver will probably not use the meter and will take as many passengers as he can, bargain for the price.
The long-distance bus stations are also the best location to get buses to Anshun (60–90 minutes), the gateway to Guizhou's signature Huangguoshu Waterfall. Buses north to Zunyi (two hours) depart every 30 to 60 minutes.
The highway infrastructure in Guizhou is undergoing continual upgrading as part of China's Western Development Effort. Once completed, an expressway will link Guiyang to Chongqing, allowing relatively easy travel and an alternative to the train. The highways leading west and east out of Guiyang are modern and well maintained making for easy access to the western reaches of the province or east to Kaili. It is possible (although expensive, so it may be better to take the bus or train) to hire a car and driver between Guiyang, Zunyi, and other cities.
Average max. and min. temperatures in °C
Precipitation+Snow totals in mmThere is more precipitation, the rainy season is obvious, there are many cloudy days and little sunshine.
Average max. and min. temperatures in °F
The temperature changes little, the winter is warm and the summer is cool, and the climate is pleasant.
The Guiyang metro system is called Guiyang Urban Rapid Transit, or GYURT. Line 1 is in operation between Xiaomeng Industrial Park in Guanshanhu district and Xiamaixi in Guanshanhu District. It connects to the rail network at Guiyang North and Guiyang railway station. Standard fares are ¥2-6, though each 8 km after the first 24 km will cost an additional ¥1. Line 2 is expected to open at the end of 2020. It starts from Baiyun District, connect the city center to Line 1, and ends at the East Bus Terminal with a stop at the Longdongbao International Airport. A further four lines are under construction, while the long-term plans include a total of nine lines for the city.
Guiyang has a well-developed bus system, although it is entirely in Chinese and takes some getting used to. A local can help you if you know where you are going. All bus fares cost ¥2. Small local buses pick up passengers at various points around town and can take you to Huaxi or more distant districts of the city for ¥3 per person. These buses can get crowded and are forbidden to carry standing passengers. As a result, all of the standing riders are asked to duck when passing the police.
Guiyang taxis charge ¥10 at flagfall. Short trips within the city should cost ¥10. This is an excellent way to get around, as taxis are everywhere. Note that taxis charge extra late at night (¥12 starting rate although for short trips the driver may let you off with the ¥10 flat rate). Taxis heading into or out of the city center may pick up extra passengers.
As elsewhere in China, motorcycle and scooter taxi services are available. Large intersections or areas with concentrations of bars or restaurants will attract a crowd of motorcyclists. Negotiate a price in advance (¥10-15). Unlike in other areas, the driver is unlikely to have a helmet available for you. Hold on tight.
Although not the smallest town in China, many of Guiyang's neighborhoods and sights can be seen with a little patience and footwork. This is also a great way to experience life in a still emerging town. The city abounds with small workshops (often in what would normally be locations for small shops or restaurants), delightful street-side restaurants, and small shops selling everything from local handicrafts to new business cards (next day availability) and sheet metal.
Guanshan Lake Park (观山湖公园), Guanshan Bridge, Lincheng West Road, Guanshanhu District (观山湖区观山大桥南北两侧) (Guanshanhu Park Metro Station (观山湖公园地铁站)), ☏ +86 851 84878411. Summer hours 06:00-00:00, winter hours 06:30-00:00. Guanshanhu Park is a forested park that lies 12 km from Guiyang’s city center. It lies around a pair of lakes, Guanshan North and South Lakes, and has a main paved path around them.There are also smaller paths that lead to scenic spots. In the center of the park, you can find an 18-meter-tall golden pheasant drum statue, representing luck and happiness. On the opposite side of the lake, there is a 30-meter statue of a trio of hot peppers, or lajiao, an integral ingredient in Guizhou cuisine. Other attractions within the park include Hunan Garden, home to several original buildings from a 1950s Soviet-style farm; and the National Culture Promenade, a 330-meter-long corridor of paintings and wishing pools dedicated to the 56 ethnic groups of China. The park is home to over 700 types of plant life, including purple myrtle and osmanthus trees. If you make your visit in the spring or summer, you are likely to spot a sizeable colony of wild herons on a central island. Free, but boat rides and children's rides charge fees. (updated Nov 2018)
Guizhou Art Museum (贵州美术馆), 168 Beijing Road, Yunyan District (云岩区北京路168号) (Take bus no. 2, 15, 101, 214, 311 or Circular Route 1 and get off at the Museum (博物馆) bus stop. Alternatively, catch one of the many buses that stop at the nearby Beijing Road (北京路) bus stop), ☏ +86 851 85891208, info@gzmoa.org.cn. Tu-Su 09:00-17:00, no entry after 16:00, closed on Mondays. Incorporates the Guizhou Painting Institute (贵州画院). Free. (updated Sep 2018)
Guizhou Nationalities Museum (贵州省民族博物馆), 23 Jiandao Street, Nanming District (南明区箭道街23号) (catch bus no. 4, 6, 11, 16, 21, 30, 50, 63, 78, 81, 82, 237 Express, 305, 306, 310, 319 or K50 and get off at the Jiandao Street Intersection (箭道街路口) bus stop), ☏ +86 851 85831710. 09:30-16:30, closed on Mondays. A museum focused on the history and culture of Guizhou's various ethnic groups. Free. (updated Sep 2018)
Guizhou Provincial Museum (贵州省博物馆), 107 Lincheng Road East, Guanshanhu District (观山湖区林城东路107号) (Metro Line 1, International Eco-Conference Center Station, Exit B), ☏ +86 851 84811809, bwg@gzmuseum.com. 09:00-17:00, no entry after 16:00, closed on Mondays. Guizhou's main museum. Free. (updated Sep 2018)
Guizhou Science and Technology Museum (贵州科技馆，贵州省科学技术官), 40 Ruijin Road South, Nanming District (南明区瑞金南路40号) (there is a bus stop just outside the museum called Cinanmen (次南门), which is served by over two dozen bus routes), ☏ +86 851 85832933. 09:40-15:40, closed on Mondays and Tuesdays. Notable exhibitions include one on lunar exploration and one on computer databases. The museum also features a children's science and technology park and a 4D movie theatre. Free. (updated Sep 2018)
Hebin Park (河滨公园), 31 Ruijin Road South, Nanming District (南明区瑞金南路31号) (there is a public bus stop of the same name on the north side of the park; the bus stop is served by over two dozen bus routes), ☏ +86 851 85956270. 07:00-22:00. This park is by the side of the Nanming River. There is an Egyptian feel to the square in the park, which has towering pillars lit by yellow light at night, and a gigantic UFO-shaped restaurant in the centre, help up by both bamboo and metal pillars--an apt symbol of the fusion of Chinese culture and modernity. Near the restaurant, there is a bridge across the river, shaped like a Helix, and lighted up a brilliant red. Take a romantic stroll through this peaceful square at night. Free.
Hongfu Temple (弘福寺), Qianlingshan Park, 187 Zaoshan Road, Yunyan District (云岩区枣山路187号黔灵山公园内) (it is a 40-60 minute walk to the temple, but there is also a cable car, which stops at 17:00, and sedan chair rides), ☏ +86 851-86825606. 06:30-18:00. The temple, built as a monastery in the early Qing Dynasty, is comparable in extent to the Lama Temple in Beijing. Surrounded by woods, the buildings have elaborate ornaments (roof corners and eaves, etc.). There are several large deity figures, a pond with carp, water well for coins for good luck, incense burning pits, a large bell you ring, some shops, and a restaurant there. ¥5.
Qianlingshan Park (黔灵山公园, 黔灵公园 Qianling Park), 187 Zaoshan Road, Yunyan District (云岩区枣山路187号) (the bus stop outside the park is served by more than two dozen bus routes), ☏ +86 851 86826301. 06:30-22:00. This large city park is well worth an afternoon. Sample local food and crafts from vendors, see curious and very brave wild monkeys (accustomed to people), as well as take in the view from the hilltops near Hongfu Temple. Qianling Park also includes a zoo and small amusement park as well as tea gardens. ¥5.
Liebian International Plaza. A skyscraper notable due to an 108m high artificial waterfall cascade coming out of its side. The waterfall is only active intermittently due to high operating costs. (updated Nov 2022)
Huaxi Park (花溪公园), 3108 Huaxi Avenue South Section, Huaxi District (花溪区花溪大道南段3108号) (take bus no. 8, 404, 888, 888 Route 1, 888 Route 2, or Huaxi 7, or take the Tertiary Institution Express Bus (高校专线车)), ☏ +86 851 83851808. 08:30-18:30. Another popular day trip south of Guiyang in Huaxi township, Huaxi Park is an excellent escape from the heat and bustle of the city. The park with its streams, pavilions and tea gardens is popular for Guiyang residents who enjoy setting up their own barbeques and enjoying a picnic. Of historical note, former Premier Zhou Enlai and his wife visited Huaxi Park in the 1950s. A billboard sized photograph of the couple enjoying a boat ride graces the main entrance to the park. ¥6.
formerly dead link Qingyan Ancient Town (青岩古镇), Huaxi District, Guiyang (take bus no. 203 from Guiyang Railway Station, Airport Bus No. 5 from the airport, or bus no. 210 from the Huaguoyuan Wetlands Park; you can also catch a minibus from the Huaxi Bus Station northeast of Huaxi Park). ¥20 for basic admission, ¥80 ticket includes admission to all historical buildings. (updated Jan 2018)
Tianhe Lake (Tianhe Pool, 天河潭), Gui'an Avenue, Shiban Town, Huaxi District (花溪区石板镇贵安大道) (take bus no. 211 or 701), toll-free: +86 400 9009995, 1084786610@qq.com. 08:30-18:00. An easy day trip from Guiyang, Tianhe Lake Park is a pleasant cave, canal and waterfall park in Huaxi township. The park includes flooded caves which guides take you through in boats, canals which weave through minority farm areas and a spectacular cascade through a narrow opening in the mountain. Following the trail into the mountain leads to a massive sinkhole and the starting point for the cave and canal boat trips. If you are feeling adventurous, rent bikes for the day from Huaxi Park, and then cycle 11 km to Tianhe Lake on the country roads. It takes about 2 hours to get there, but the biking journey would be rewarding for backpackers who enjoy roughing it through and appreciate rural scenery. You can rent a motorcycle to take your bicycles back for ¥10 each, while getting on a rented ven to get back to Huaxi Park, at the same price. ¥10 to visit the waterfall only, ¥43 to visit the caves only, ¥52 to visit both the caves and the waterfall, and ¥82 for a combo ticket including sightseeing car and insurance. The zip line costs ¥80 per ride.
Zhenshan Village (镇山民族文化村), 花溪区石板镇镇山村 (take bus 211 from the Huaguoyuan Da Jie bus stop; the bus takes about an hour, and then arrives at Tianhetan Scenic Spot; from there, catch a taxi or motorcycle the remaining 2 km to the village.). Zhenshan Village is a Bouyei minority village 20 km outside of Guiyang. Visit the Ming Dynasty village to observe and try Bouyei traditions, food, rice wine and architecture. The village’s houses are almost entirely built of shale dug from local mountains; walls and floors, roofs and selected items of furniture are all built with it. The main festival celebrated in the village falls on the 10th day of the first lunar month (February 14 in 2019), so the dates change every year. During that time, the main square of the village will be full of people dancing and singing to the music of the lusheng, a traditional instrument. The festival celebrates the bond between the Miao and Bouyei people in the area, and as such brings out people from both minorities in their best traditional embroidered clothing. At any time of year, visitors can enjoy the local rice wine, or try the smoked tofu, pickled vegetables and sour fish prepared by their hosts. Guesthouses are available for those who wish to spend the night. (updated Nov 2018)
South River Grand Canyon (南江大峡谷), Longguang Village, Nanjiang Township, Kaiyang County (开阳县南江乡龙广村) (there is one direct bus daily from the Guiyang Tourist Transportation Centre (贵阳市旅游游客集散中心) at the old bus station, there are also 3 direct buses daily from the Huaguoyuan Sector R1 Tourist Transportation Centre (花果园R1区旅游集散中心)), toll-free: +86 400 8008106. 08:00-17:30. Canyon with karst scenery and several waterfalls of varying sizes. The canyon spans more than 40 km and has a depth of 398 m. ¥88 (including entry ticket and sightseeing car).
dead link Guiyang Happy World (贵阳欢乐世界), 483 Baiyun Road South, Baiyun District (白云区白云南路483号) (Bus routes 5, 60, 71, 230, 231, 232, 233, b236, Baiyun 7, Baiyun 19), ☏ +86 851 84862777. May–October: 09:30-18:30, November–April: 10:00-18:00. A popular amusement park in the city's northwest. ¥160 for adults and children over  metres in height, ¥80 for children between  and  metres in height, children under  metres in height enjoy free entry. (updated Sep 2018)
Maotai Liquor (茅台酒) - produced in Maotai Town of Renhuai County in Zunyi Prefecture, Maotai holds itself to be one of the world's three most famous distilled liquors. In 1915, Maotai won global fame at the World's Fair in San Francisco (Panama–Pacific International Exposition). According to Maotai lore, the booth at the fair was largely overlooked by the liquor judges because of the cheap labels and black bottles. In frustration one of the attendants smashed a bottle of Maotai releasing the distinct aroma attracting the judges who later awarded the drink a gold medal. Since 1949, it has won 14 international gold prizes and has been exported to over 100 countries and regions. It is officially known as China's national liquor and served at state banquets. At 106 proof (53% alcohol by volume) or stronger, it is not for the faint of heart. Maotai is clear and offers a lingering mild and mellow fragrance some liken to soy sauce. For foreigners it can be a bit of an acquired taste but no visit to Guizhou would be complete without trying the province's most famous product.
Anshun Batik (安顺蜡染画) - Batiks are a traditional handicraft of the Buyi people in the Anshun region to the west of Guiyang. Traditional ethnic designs include flowers, birds, fish and insects on indigo-dyed cotton cloth. More recently artisans have produced more colorful silk and wool batiks. There are over 1,000 different types of batik products now produced including whole cloth, bedding, tapestries, caps and purses. Anshun Batiks can be purchased at expensive tourist shops in Guiyang or for more reasonable and negotiable prices in Anshun itself.
Guiding Yunwu Tea (贵顶云雾茶) - Produced in Yunwu Mountain in Guiding County, this tea was offered as tribute to the early Qing court. The leaves resemble fishhooks, thin and soft, with whitish hairs. This green tea is much favored for its low caffeine and high catechol content.
Yuping Flutes - These elaborately carved flutes are made of local bamboo and produce a clear and beautiful sound. Yuping flutes are traditional local products that have gone on to win international prizes.
Ethnic Silver Articles - Two ethnic groups, the Miao and Gejia, are famous for silver smithing. Both groups produce headgear, necklaces and bracelets. Each type has its distinct shapes, patterns and motifs. Miao ornaments mainly use dog, cat, horse, insect, flower or bird motifs. The Gejia prefer sun, stars, dragon, phoenix, bat and certain plant motifs. Both styles give Huangping silver ornaments great artistic value.
Embroidery and Cross-stitch - Miao embroidery is a traditional local handicraft. Design motifs are typically butterflies, birds and interestingly enough marine animals. Cross-stitch patterns follow the warps and wefts of the cloth and the most popular ones are colorful geometric figures.
Exotic stones and fossils - Guizhou's limestone hills yield a wealth of valuable stones and fossils. As the province also has impressive and commercially exploitable deposits of gold, silver and other minerals, there are a wide variety of mineral stones and samples available. Fossils of Missippian Crinoids and the Guizhousaurus (贵州龙 - a small semi-aquatic dinosaur) are available in many tourist shops. The Guizhousaurus is a common fossil and often found intact and complete so there is actually a fair chance the fossils are legitimate! The buyer will likely notice, however, that the fossils are painted to show the bones more starkly against a darker background of stone.
Qianwufu specialty foods (贵州黔五福). Qianwufu, a local specialty food company, packages techan (特产), foodstuffs particular to a region, into presentable gift items. Most products are varieties of dried pork or beef sealed in boxes or big pouches. A noteworthy item is the canister of tartary buckwheat tea, an intriguing beverage of nutty and chocolaty flavor. The company has a few dedicated stores in Guiyang. One location is a store along the vendor filled entrance path to the gate of Qianlingshan Park. Another store is in the underground food court directly connected to the Shanxi Road subway station. (updated Feb 2019)
People in Guiyang like those throughout Southwest China love spicy food. Use of red chilies of various temperatures and salty dried chili powder dips for hot pots is ubiquitous. Food can be prepared mild (不要辣 buyaola) according to your tastes but the best way is to settle in and eat the way the locals do.
With a brave stomach, you could eat something new everyday for a week just by walking along the streets of Guiyang and sampling the street foods of Guizhou's minorities around the night markets. Most of these offerings come heavily spiced by default, but you can ask for a little or no spice.
Maotai Ice Cream Experience Shop (茅台冰淇淋体验店), On the first floor of Kempinski Hotel, 82 Huguo Road（护国路82号凯宾斯基大酒店一楼）, ☏ +86 0851-86972888. 09:00-23:00. This ice cream contains 2% Maotai liquor, the most famous Feitian 53 degree liquor. There are no seats in this shop. ¥67. (updated Oct 2023)
For excellent Guizhou cuisine at very reasonable prices try Siheyuan (四合院). The restaurant enjoys a good bit of local fame and is popular with the (very) small expat community as well. The story goes that the owners were laid off from their factory jobs some years ago. Without work, they opened a street side restaurant with a single table. The food was so good that business boomed. Some 15 or 20 years later they serve a bustling lunch and dinner crowd in a multilevel but still rustic and homey restaurant. Siheyuan doesn't have a sign so finding it without a guide can be a bit of a trick. It is located a few feet down the alley opposite the Protestant Church on Qianling Xilu.
Be sure to try Bean Hotpot (豆米火祸 dōumǐhuǒguō) which is available all around the city. Just as with other hotpot styles, you choose whichever ingredients you want and cook them at your own pace. The difference is in its soup of pinto beans, bacon, and onions. You should get a bowl of spices that you can mix with the soup base for dipping.
Minority cuisines are also readily available throughout Guiyang (look for wait staff in brightly colored outfits clapping, dancing and playing oversized pan-flutes at the door). One of the most common and delicious varieties available is the Miao minority's Suan Tang Yu (酸汤鱼), a hot pot centered around a hot and spicy broth with a large whole fish chopped up inside. Like all hot pot restaurants, veggies, meats and other delicacies are purchased a la carte to be added. The dipping bowls contain the ubiquitous chili paste but also add a cube of fermented tofu (non-stinky) that makes a wonderful compliment to the fish. Be sure to wash it down with mi jiu (米酒), a sweet, dark rice wine.
Xinyouke Sour Soup Beef (Chaoyang Store) (心有客酸汤牛肉(朝阳店)), No. 39, Ground Floor, Building 12, Chaoyang Village, Qingxi Street（清溪街道朝阳村12栋底层39号）, ☏ +86 15185181822. 09:00-00:30. Sour beef soup is one of the staples of the Miao minority's diet. The shop offers a free green leafy vegetable buffet. ¥60. (updated Oct 2023)
Night markets are popular in Guizhou for midnight munching, particularly in the warmer months although even the winter does not shut them down. Varieties of street foods particularly grilled freshwater fish, crayfish, snails, chicken, pork, mutton, cabbage, garlic greens, onions, eggplants, mutton, chili peppers and just about anything else that can be skewered is available. For the adventurous whole marrow bones can be grilled up, cracked open and served with a straw. Guiyang's street food vendors tend to come out after sunset.
A night food market fills the entrance way to Qianling Park. Another food street is along the side of Shanxi Road on the side of A exit of the subway station. However the street vendors of Shanxi Road have been overtaken mostly in popularity by the very busy underground "Chinatown" food court—decorated curiously after overseas Chinatowns—directly connected to the Shanxi Road subway station.
For a Guizhou snack unavailable elsewhere try Silk Babies (丝娃娃). For a few kuai, you are given a stack of thin rice pancakes and chopsticks. You sit at a low table covered in bowls of raw and pickled vegetables with a small dish for mixing chili sauce and vinegar. Load the pancakes according to taste, spoon in a little sauce and enjoy.
Among Guiyang's street foods, Guiyang Style Beef Noodles (牛肉粉 niuroufen) is a staple. It can be prepared in a hot red broth or a mild beef broth according to your tastes - although not all establishments offer a choice. Fresh whole garlic cloves, crushed dried red pepper, salt, MSG and Sichuan Pepper (花椒 huajiao) can be added to taste. Don't miss this one - it really hits the spot, especially after a night of drinking! Huaxi Wang Jia Niuroufen is the best and operates a chain of franchises throughout the province but for late night munchies, just follow the crowds.
A peculiar local delicacy (given the fact that Guizhou is landlocked) is Fried Chili Squid (鱿鱼: youyu). Chopped squid is skewed and deep fried before being cooked on a separate metal plate in a bath of sizzling chili sauce. This snack is served hot from carts congregating along Zhonghua Zhonglu. The dish is safe to eat despite the distance from the ocean. One stick costs ¥1. The 鱿鱼 carts are often found in close proximity to other snack carts selling grilled tofu, mutton kabobs, spicy pickled radishes and other munchies.
Mi jiu is between 10-30% alcohol content, depending on the variety, and is the go-to drink for local minority restaurants and festivals. Expect to see it available in villages all over the province, and at every Miao or Dong minority restaurant. The slightly vinegary and very sweet rice wine goes down very easily with a spicy and sour local meal. A row of reasonably priced restaurants specializing in Suan Tang Yu can be found on Shengfu Lu near the intersection with Fushui Lu near the Beijing Hualian supermarket. These restaurants will also perform a traditional Miao drinking ceremony if you purchase a bottle of rice wine and request the ceremony (for an additional charge). The ceremony consists of several women surrounding the table, singing a song, and pouring rice wine from a hollowed out horn into the mouths of the diners. They will also grab pieces of fish with chopsticks and tease the diners, encouraging them to try and catch a bite. It's a playful tradition with female singers and male diners, but anybody at the table can participate.
Although there are hundreds of bars in the city (many of them hidden away in large buildings) the main concentration is on Qianling dong lu (黔灵东路). These bars are very local, generally offering Snow beer and Budweiser as their only beer options.
Highlands Coffee (高原咖啡 Gaoyuan Kafei). M-Sa 10:00-23:00, Su 15:00-23:00. Features espresso based beverages, tea, smoothies, chai, as well as cheesecake and other American pastries, and paninis. Customer service is bilingual (Mandarin and English) and WiFi is also available. (updated Jul 2019)
Highlands Coffee (South Location), 1 Liudong Street, 1 Bo'ai Road, Nanming District (南明区博爱路六洞街1号) (a 2-minute walk from Walmart at the People's Square. Behind Customs Building), ☏ +86 0851-85826222. (updated Jul 2019)
Highlands Coffee (North Location), You Yi Lu Ping Zi Xiang 6 (友谊路坪子巷6号), ☏ +86 0851-86768922. (updated Jul 2019)
Nenghui Jiudian, Ruijin Nan Lu 38, ☏ +86 851 589 8888, fax: +86 851 589 8622. On the airport bus route, 2 bars, 2 restaurants, good staff, comfortable rooms, free in-room broadband, basic business facilities, rooms usually heavily discounted. 125 rooms. (updated Jul 2019)
Shenfeng Jiudian, Shenqi Lu 69, ☏ +86 851 556 8888, fax: +86 851 556 9999. A fine hotel with high service, large rooms, and a breakfast buffet. 260 rooms.
Guizhou Karst HotelNearby the Peoples Square and face the Nanming River. A 4-star hotel with high quality service.
☏ +86 851 8196888, at South Ruijin Road 25.
Anantara Guiyang Resort, CREC International Eco City, Shuanglong Airport Economic Zone, ☏ +86 851 823 88888, guiyang@anantara.com. They have seasonal outdoor pool, hot tubs, barbecue and children's playground. 218 rooms, suites and pool villas. Offers Thai, Chinese and international food in their 6 restaurants. Starting from $ 89. (updated Mar 2017)
Guiyang has four main universities that host foreign teachers and students, as well as a few others. The three universities that have foreign students are Guizhou University (贵州大学), Guizhou Normal University (贵州师范大学), and Guizhou University of Nationalities (贵州民族学院). These three universities all have foreign teachers usually teaching English. Guiyang University (贵阳学院) also employs foreign teachers.
Guizhou, like much of central and western China, lags far behind the dynamic coast in economic, industrial and social development. As a result, the main opportunities for work are teaching English. Several private schools in the area are licensed to hire foreigners: English First, Aston, Tian Tian, and Interlingua being among the most established.
For those not interested in teaching, Guiyang is home to several industrial and high-technology development zones seeking foreign investment, partnerships and experts. These include the industrial and enterprise zone in the south (Xiaohe Qu near Guizhou Normal University) and the Guiyang High-Technology Development Zone in the north. The main industries are aerospace technology and heavy industry.
Huangguoshu Waterfalls - The waterfalls are on the Baishui River, 15 km From the Zhenning county seat, and 137 km from Guiyang. It measures 74 m high and 81 m wide and boasts the biggest of its kind in China and also one of the world's most magnificent. The water billows down into the Xiniu Pool, sending up great spray and creating rainbows. A visit to Huangguoshu Waterfalls is a must for all visitors to Guizhou. It has become a holiday resort where you can forget the outside world and enjoy fabulous scenes and sights, including limestone caves and stone forests. The trip is also tainted with ethnic flavor with a visit to the local Buoyei people. Local legend says that in ancient times the sky suddenly cracked open, causing part of the Milky Way to smash to pieces on the ground. The largest piece hung on the verge of a cliff and became the Huangguoshu Waterfalls, which, in the process of crashing down the cliff, broke into several dozen cascades. When the Milky Way fell, numerous stars came down with it, which were converted into stone forests, crystal-clear pools, bridges and caves. Admission to the park is steep but the scenery is spectacular. The falls can be reached by direct bus from the bus station next to the train station on Zunyi Lu.
Zhijin Cave - As the national scenic spot, the cave is in Guanzhai Township, 14 mi (23 km) northeast of Zhijin and 93 mi (150 km) from Guiyang. It is a gigantic karst cave with the length over 10 km. Although it looks still primitive in appearance, its karst landform is imposing and magnificent. Covering an area over 74 acres, its widest part is 574 feet and its height exceeds 328 feet. The cave consists of 47 halls and 150 scenic spots in its 11 scenic areas.
Longgong Cave (Dragon Palace Cave) - As the national scenic spot, the cave is in Matou Township, 130 km from Guiyang. Longgong refers to over 90 karst caves linked up like a chain of beads that run through 20 hilltops. Within these 4,000-metre-long caves there are also underground karst lakes. Tourists can enter Longgong Caves at Tianchi (Heavenly Pool) by taking a small boat.
Red Maple Lake - As a national scenic resort, Red Maple Lake is located in the suburb of Qingzhen, 33 km from Guiyang. Covering  km2, it is the largest man-made lake on the Guizhou Plateau. The lake consists of the North and South lakes. It's renowned for the 170 isles, the numerous caves, the clear water and the quiet bays. Folklore of the Dong and Miao people is demonstrated in the resort.
Wuyang River - Lying in Zhenyuan and Shibing counties, the national scenic area consists of Zhuwan Gorge in Shibing and the Three Gorges in Zhenyuan and extends 50 km. Wuyang River is famous for it picturesque mountain scenes and crystal-clear water. It flows among mountains in eastern Guizhou, creating secluded caves, gurgling springs, rugged rocks and spectacular waterfalls.
Xijiang - Ethnic Minority (Miao) village which is about an hour and a half journey from kaili. There are beautiful rice terraces on which you can stroll and climb. all the way to a breathtaking panorama of the surrounding paddy fields. Jump across huge drains, admire the rich variety of wild flowers, and take in the smell of cow dung and fertilizer along the way. There will also be daily performances, centred on wedding rituals, conducted in the morning and evening (17:00) which are free to watch. You do have to pay an entrance fee to get into the village though. Stay overnight at one of the hotels on the hill, so that you can open your windows to a vista of fog-shrouded houses on the hills opposite you stretching into the distance.
Museum of Great Leap Forward Relics (大跃进遗存物博物馆) - In the county seat of Sansui County (三穗县), about 270 km from Guiyang, this is the only museum in China dedicated to preserving the memory of Mao Zedong's disastrous Great Leap Forward campaign. Sansui can be reached in just over an hour by high-speed train from Guiyang North Station. The museum is at 13 Xinsui Street (新穗街13号), about 4 km by road from Sansui Station.
FAST (Five hundred meters Aperture Spherical Telescope, 中国天眼) - in Pingtang County (平塘县), about 170 km from Guiyang. You can come here to watch and visit, It is the largest single-aperture spherical radio telescope in the world.
This city travel guide to Guiyang is an outline and needs more content. It has a template, but there is not enough information present. Please plunge forward and help it grow!