For other places with the same name, see Kochi (disambiguation).
Kochi is a huge city with several district articles that contain information about specific sights, restaurants, and accommodation.
The Chinese fishing nets at Fort Kochi, an icon of the city
Kochi (Malayalam: കൊച്ചി), formerly Cochin, is a cosmopolitan city in Kerala with a bustling commercial port. Kochi is the financial and commercial capital of Kerala and, with a population of more than  million (2011), the biggest conurbation in the state.
After rapid growth during the two last decades, Kochi is now one of the most densely populated urban areas in India. The city is an amalgamation of two towns, each with its unique identity.
Ernakulam (mainland) (CBD, Downtown, Suburb)The heart and transport hub of Kochi with three distinct parts: the "Central Business District" (CBD) which has Mahatma Gandhi Road (MG Road) as the main arterial road along with Marine Drive and Chittoor Road; "Downtown" with upscale residential areas and the business district at SA Road and Vytilla Junction and the "Suburb" which has many business and commercial areas.
Old Kochi (maritime) (Fort Kochi, Mattancherry, Vallarpadom Island, Vypin Island, Willingdon Island)This forms the Old Kochi, which is primarily a tourist enclave. Fort Kochi forms the upper part of the district with neatly arranged colonial buildings, narrow well-paved roads, Anglo-Dutch influenced structures and large antiques shops. Mattancherry is primarily a trading city, famous for its thriving Gujarati settlement brought to the city in the 16th and 17th centuries by the spice trade. Vypin Island is one of the most densely populated islands in the world with numerous fishing villages, tourist villages and the popular Cherai Beach.
A city born in storm, nurtured in rivalry and established as battling ground for European empires. This phrase is a good description of Kochi, which was formed as an ancient port city after the Great Floods of the Periyar River in 1341. With the partitioning of the Chera Kerala Empire in the 14th century, this region came under the control of a new dynasty, rivalled by other local feudal lords. With the advent of colonisation, Kochi became the first major battle ground of almost all colonial European powers.
Kochi merchants began trading in spices such as black pepper and cardamom with the Arabs, Dutch, Phoenicians, Portuguese and Chinese more than 600 years ago. This helped Kochi to prosper and to become the gateway to old India. It was from Kochi (then Cochin) that the colonisation of India started. Portugal was first to establish its base in Kochi, followed by the Dutch and British. The Anglo-Dutch treaty of 1814 compelled the Dutch to hand over Cochin to the British in exchange for Bangka Island in Indonesia. The British managed to establish their influence over Cochin, limiting their direct administration to a small enclave of Fort Cochin and British Ernakulam with their capital at Bolgatty Island. The rest of the Cochin Kingdom was administered by the Cochin Maharajas from their capital at Thripunithura. However, the real administration was done by Diwans (prime ministers), leaving the Maharajas to patronise culture, arts and focus heavily on the areas of public health and education.
The foundations of modern Cochin started when Sir Robert Bristow, a senior Royal Navy Engineer, felt the need for a modern large port after the opening of the Suez Canal. This resulted in the creation of the largest man-made island of the country, Willingdon Island, to house the new Cochin Port.
In the 1930s, the Cochin Maharaja joined the public outcry to form a common state of Malayalam-speaking people by merging with the Kingdom of Travancore and British Malabar. Maharaja Kerala Varma Raja was at the forefront of this agitation, and passed the Aykiakerala Resolution in the Cochin Parliament. In 1947, the Kingdom of Cochin and Travancore merged to form the Royal State of Travancore-Cochin. The Cochin Maharaja was amongst the first to advocate the state joining the newly formed Indian Union. Finally, in 1948, the state of Travancore-Cochin merged with India.
Since the formation of Kerala in 1957, Kochi has been the commercial capital of Kerala as well as the seat of the Kerala High Court. Since 2000, Kochi has revitalised its economy, with a focus on tourism, information technology and its port.
The colonial charms of Fort Kochi
Kochi has a cosmopolitan culture, highly influenced by historical trading partners, Portuguese, Dutch, Arab, Chinese, and Japanese. Kochi is the seat of the Latin church of Kerala and has many Catholic churches and followers.
Kochi was traditionally a potpourri of various Indian and international communities. Syrian Christians started the first wave of immigration, followed by Jews between the 7th and 10th centuries. Arab merchants also made a strong settlement in Kochi. In the 15th century, Gujaratis settled in Kochi, especially on Mattancherry, where they played a strong role in spice trading and other areas.
Later, at the beginning of the colonial era, the Portuguese, Dutch, French, and British all made their settlements in Kochi. The Portuguese had a strong influence in Fort Cochin.
In the early 1970s, Punjabis settled here, focusing their strong presence on the local automobile industry. Tamilians, Telugus and Kannadigas have all formed small settlements since the days of royalty. Kochi has a sizeable expatriate population mainly from the Middle East.
Being a city that has a tradition of various cultures being given equal respect, a high level of tolerance exists. Social modesty prevails, especially in villages and rural areas.
Kochi has a typical tropical climate. Daytime temperatures range between 30°C and 35°C and around 24°C at night. Kochi is one of the first places to experience the heavy monsoon showers, which start around mid-May. It thus experiences heavy rainfall between mid-May and the first week in September. Daytime temperatures during the monsoon fall to between 25°C and 30°C. From September to early February, the weather is fine, marked with cool winds and light showers. Summer starts in February. Although temperatures never reach 40°C, the high humidity can make summers uncomfortable. This continues until early May. Frequent showers cool down the harshness of summer.
The peak visitor season is often from August to February with December being the busiest month when there are many festivals and special attractions along with the famous Cochin Carnival and Christmas celebrations. Onam season (mid Aug-mid Sep) is also a busy tourist season with a traditional line up of various festivities. Monsoon is being promoted heavily by the tourism department as a rejuvenation season which also slowly becoming a popular season to visit to experience the heavy rainfalls. However it is advisable to avoid March and April considering the harsh summer, and the Indian domestic tourist season.
Free information and city maps are available at state run Kerala Tourism Development Corp (KTDC) offices at:
Airport Tourist Counter (in Arrival hall of both terminals), ☏ +91 484 2611308, +91 484 2611309.
Central Toll-Free Number, ☏ +1 800 4254747.
City Tourist Information Centre (Old Collectorate in Park Ave), ☏ +91 484 2381743.
Railway Tourist Office (Ernakulam South Railway Station), ☏ +91 484 2378723.
Tourist Reception office (Marine Drive from where KTDC city tours starts/ends), ☏ +91 484 2353534.
India Tourism, Willingdon Island, ☏ +91 484 2668352.
District Tourist Promotion Council (DTPC), ☏ +91 484 2367334, +91 484 2383988. Providing information to tourists about other parts of Kochi District
As the financial capital of Kerala, Kochi is well-connected by air, road, rail and ferry from others parts of India, and to some other international destinations.
KSRTC Orange (or) Low Floor Bus
Cochin International Airport (COK IATA), Nedumbassery (29 km from the city centre), ☏ +91 484 305-3000, +91 484 2610115, +91 484 2611322, +91 484 2610033 (flight status and airline desk transfer). The largest airport in Kerala and one of the major gateways to India. It is also the only airport in India run by solar energy. There are regular flights to the Middle East and elsewhere in Asia. There are regular direct services from Europe and the US during the tourist season. There is a duty-free area at the international terminal providing a good collection of international premium brand liquors, perfumes, chocolates and other items at competitive prices. (updated May 2019)
The airport has a hotel with rooms for hourly or per-night stays for ₹750-2,000. The international terminal has reasonably priced international cuisine restaurants and a terrace garden lounge bar. There are cafes and snack kiosks in the waiting area. The Concourse has free Wi-Fi, a business centre, free public telephones for local calls and large televisions. Premium lounges are available for first and business class passengers. Visa on arrival is available for some nationalities. The Airport has a Foreigners Regional Registration Office (FRRO), for visa extensions, fee waivers and other visa-related issues.
The airport has a good 18-hole golf course nearby. Golfers can register at the Airport Golf counter and pay green fees to use the facility. There is a small recreational centre, a pool and a lounge/bar at the golf club.
There are five major airport hotels opposite the airport terminal that offer rooms on an hourly basis. There are also many budget hotels and restaurants near the terminal.
The domestic terminal has a good shopping arcade selling mainly Kerala-specific items. Food is expensive but there are cheaper options after security.
Transport options to the city centre include:
By bus: KSRTC operates four classes of bus service from the airport: regular, fast passenger, super fast express (operate every 10-20 minutes to most nearby towns). All bus services stop only at the bus point near the departure gate of the international terminal (city-side).
Orange bus: KSRTC Orange Bus (locally called "Low Floor Buses") operates air-conditioned Volvo buses every 30-40 min to Kochi City via Aluva, Kalamassery, Vytilla, and terminating at Fort Cochin. Fares are ₹70 for the 1-hour-and-40-minute journey. To the airport, the Orange Bus leaves from the Fort Kochi bus area near the Chinese fishing nets at the following times: 7:25AM, 8AM, 9:45AM, 11:35AM, noon, 1:55PM, 3:30PM, 4PM and 6:05PM.
By taxi: All taxis operated from Cochin Airport belong to the Cochin Airport Taxi Society (CATS) which is a pre-paid taxi service. While other taxis can drop-off passengers at the airport, only CATS taxis are allowed to pick up passengers at the airport. CATS charges government fixed rates and their process is simple. Take a receipt from the CATS counter in the arrivals hall and walk to the prepaid taxi stand to find your taxi. For airport/city transfers, the standard charge is ₹510 for non air-conditioned taxis or ₹650 for an air-con taxi, with an additional premium of 15-25% at night (7PM-6AM). It costs ₹250 for a trip to Aluva. CATS also operates limo services as well as customised packages available for full/half day trips.
By rental car: Many car rental companies operate counters in the arrival area of both terminals. Many hotels and travel agents provide free pick-up/drop-off services in their cars.
By train: The nearest railway stations are Aluva or Angamaly (15 km) where almost all major express and passengers trains to all over Kerala stop.
By auto: Autos are not allowed to ply inside the airport, to protect the interests of CATS taxis. However, it's pretty easy to get an auto outside the airport premises, ideal for budget-conscious travellers. Auto ride from the airport to the nearest railway station at Angamaly or Aluva costs less than ₹50. Be prepared to bargain. Getting autos early in the morning and late at night is pretty difficult.
By helicopter: Pawan Hans, in the departure gate of the domestic terminal, operates a wide range of helicopter services to almost all parts of city as well as state, which requires a prior booking. K-Air also operates air-taxi and private jets. Cochin Airport has its own helicopter services with support of Bharat Airways. Scheduled and chartered helicopter services to pilgrimage centres like Sabarimala, Guruvayoor and major cities like Thiruvananthapuram, Kozhikode are available.
Kochi is well connected by train from all parts of India. Most Kerala-bound trains have a major stop here. There are two major rail terminals inside the city limits.
Ernakulam Junction (Ernakulam South, station code: ERS). Most of the long distance trains to and from Kerala pass through here. There is a good food court, large waiting areas, book shops, a medical shop and a few retiring rooms along with a dormitory. (updated Jan 2023)
Ernakulam Town (Ernakulam North, station code: ERN). Mainly for intercity trains and a few long distance trains usually travelling to or from Kottayam. (updated Jan 2023)
Some of the major trains that pass through these stations are:
Hazrat Nizamuddin (Delhi), Bhopal, Pune, Mumbai
Chennai, Salem, Erode, Coimbatore, Palakkad, Thrissur
Dhanbad, Ranchi, Visakhapatnam, Chennai, Salem, Erode, Coimbatore
Shalimar (Howrah), Bhubaneswar, Visakhapatnam, Chennai, Salem, Erode, Coimbatore
Lucknow, Kanpur, Bhopal, Nagpur, Pune, Vijayawada, Chennai, Coimbatore
Hyderabad, Tirupati, Erode, Salem, Coimbatore
New Delhi, Agra, Bhopal, Nagpur, Vijayawada, Tirupati, Salem, Coimbatore
Patna, Gwalior, Nagpur, Pune, Hubli, Mangalore
Bangalore, Salem, Coimbatore, Palakkad
Jaipur, Ajmer, Udaipur, Ahmedabad, Mumbai, Mangalore
Guwahati, Howrah, Bhubaneswar, Hyderabad, Salem, Erode, Coimbatore
Kochi has many suburban railway stations where long-distance trains stop, such as Aluva, Thripunithura and Angamaly. Book in advance, as trains are usually crowded. Reservations are available from 3 months in advance of the travel date. Depending upon the season and day bookings may close up to several days prior to departure with all remaining travellers going onto a waiting list. You can also try using Tatkal' which is an emergency booking system costing ₹150 above the normal rate. The Tatkal service is open for the day before the departure of the train, excluding the day of journey from the train originating station.
One of the best ways to get to Kochi is to take a Konkan Railway train from Mumbai. The train ride is renowned for the breathtaking scenery and the natural beauty of the terrain.
Outside Ernakulam Junction, there is a pre-paid taxi stand where you can stand in line for a receipt and take an auto-rickshaw to other parts of Kochi. The service fee is ₹1. This is recommended for getting a fair fare and no haggling or scams with the drivers. A pre-paid auto rickshaw to Fort Kochi cost ₹179 as of 2014.
Kochi is accessible from all southern parts of the country as well as other parts of the state, through the extensive state run Kerala Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC) bus services and services of neighbouring state transport corporations.
KSRTC operates 3 types of services; Super Fast (No Frills), Express (Standard non-A/C) and Garuda Hi-tech (Volvo premium). Karnataka State buses run daily services from Bangalore, Mysore and Mangalore with three types of services; the Rajahamsa (executive service and reclining seats), the Airavat (A/C service, with reclining semi-sleeper seats), and Ambaari (A/C sleeper service). Tamil Nadu SETC operates superfast and executive services to many destinations like Madurai, Ooty, Coimbatore, Tirunelveli,Salem and Tiruchirappalli. Most inter-state buses start and end their journey from KSRTC Central & Inter-state Bus Station (CBS), in the heart of the city at Rajaji Rd. To reduce congestion at CBS, some local KSRTC buses start/end their services at KSRTC Boat Jetty Stand in Park Avenue.
Apart from government services, numerous private bus companies operate scheduled services to almost all major cities in South India as well as Mumbai, Goa, etc. All these buses are executive or premium services offering air-conditioned travel with good facilities and higher prices to match. Several online bus booking sites exist like RedBus, KPN Travels, Customer Needzdead link, TicketGoose.com, Via.com and MyTicketBuddy.comdead link.
NH 66(Kochi Bypass) at Vytilla
Kochi is well connected by road from all parts of the state as well as other major cities. Three major national highways connect Kochi with other parts of country.
NH 66 (old no: NH 17), the 7th longest highway in India, connects Kochi with Mumbai via most of major towns in Malabar, Mangalore, Goa.
The heavily congested NH 544 (old name: NH 47) connects Thiruvananthapuram with Kochi and continues on to Coimbatore and Salem in Tamil Nadu via Palakkad and Thrissur.
NH 49 connects Kochi with Rameswaram in Tamil Nadu which passes through Madurai via Munnar.
Kochi is well connected to other parts of state through various state highways.
Kochi can be reached by sea in yachts or the occasional cruise ship from Goa, Mumbai, Lakshadweep, Colombo and Male. Almost all leading international cruises on global voyages operate to Kochi from the US and Europe at Wellingdon Island Cruise Berth. Yachts can be anchored at Kochi International Marina or Yacht Club Marina. There is a direct ferry service between Kochi and Lakshadweep.
At peak hours, traffic moves at a snail's pace in Kochi, and air pollution is bad, despite being way better than smoggy Delhi. Limit your plans to three or four places in a day unless you have good knowledge of the geography or a trustworthy transport option.
The main city arterial road is Mahatma Gandhi Road. Traveling inside the city at peak times (8-10AM, 1:30-2:30PM, 5:30-7PM) takes a lot of time, with frequent road blocks and traffic congestion. North and South over-bridges are two bottlenecks. Knowledge of side roads and crossroads is very useful to avoid traffic blocks.
Kochi has a typical Indian-style address system which is a bit confusing, as there is no sector or house numbering system. Most buildings have their own name which are commonly used along with the road name for the address, e.g. "Alappatt House, Diwans Road, Near Lakshmi Hospital, Kochi".
Some up-market areas have their own house-numbering system. Panampilly Nagar and Giri Nagar are divided into various zones and each house has its own zone number followed by a house number. Many residential areas have formed their own associations and established their own addressing system. In most of the residential colonies or areas, a map sign is found at the entrance. Fort Kochi has a more western-style numbering system, yet still locals use the nearby landmarks for addressing, rather than house numbers.
For communicating with taxi drivers, you must know the nearby landmarks.
Kochi has an excellent public bus network with four types of buses operated by marker|type=govt-run KSRTC and private operators. The most common option are privately operated Blue buses (also referred to as 'Line buses') which provide a cheap no-frills journey. Using these is not that difficult as many destination boards have English lettering and most bus conductors can provide assistance in basic English. Peak hours on weekdays can lead to overcrowded buses, particularly Route 1. marker|type=government-operated KSRTC offers no-frills city services Thiru-Kochi which also ply in same Red-Bus routes. Thiru-kochi buses can be distinguished from other buses with its blue-white livery. Most of Red and Thirukochi buses run primarily on the Big 4 Routes. These cover virtually all parts of the city. There are other feeder routes, which interconnect places between these Big 4 Routes. Vytilla-Vytilla circular services cover most of the city core. The minimum fare for all city buses is ₹8. The average waiting time is 1-10 min.
Apart from regular city services, KSRTC under JnNURM's funding operates 2 class of bus services which can be distinguished from other city buses with its distinctive livery and JnNURM logo.
For premium travel, low-floor air-conditioned Volvo services called Orange buses connect many important destinations. Rates are ₹10 for first 5 km, ₹2 for every km thereafter. Average waiting time is 10-30 min. These buses can stop anywhere on the route as per passenger's request. Route notices are available in English at each stop.
Green buses provide non air-conditioned low-floor service which links all suburbs to city centre. This is ideal for budget tourists as it connects to many faraway tourist attractions while maintaining excellent standards. The rates are ₹5 for first 5 km, 75p for every km thereafter. Only 3 lines are served, which will be increased soon. Like Orange Bus, these buses stop anywhere on the route as per passenger's request. Timetable for Orange/Green are available at the KSRTC sitedead link.
All city bus services start at 6AM and end by 10PM. A certain number of seats are allocated for women in the forward portion of each bus, and men must vacate them when a woman wishes to sit there.
Different bus shelters/stops are used for bus plying different routes. The important bus stations in and around the city include:
Rajiv Gandhi Bus Station — A large bus station in Aluva, nearest to the airport and interchange for long-distance services.
Beach Road Bus Stand — The major terminus which is nearest to most tourist attractions.
Civil Station Bus Stand — A commercial and IT sector zone.
Kaloor Bus Stand — A major city bus station and interchange for long distance private buses.
Menaka Bus Stand — At the heart of Ernakulam shopping with Broadway market nearby.
South Girls High School Bus Stand — Nearest to South Railway station (ERS).
Thevara KURTC Bus Stand — Only for Low Floor Buses.
Thoppumpaddy bus stand — Major junction for Mattancherry
Vyttila Mobility Hub — A new, large bus station where almost all city buses and inter-city/inter-state bus meet. It is the terminus for all inter-city and inter-state services by all operators. It is integrated with metro and water metro systems.
The Kochi Metro is the metro system serving the city. As of 2021, it consists of a single line of 22 stations, with more lines under construction. It runs in a U-shape between Aluva to SN Junction. Fares are based on distance and range from ₹10 to ₹60.
Some suburban areas are well-connected via regular passenger and long-distance express trains. The most used route is Ernakulam-Aluva. Almost all regular passenger, express and intercity trains have a stop at Aluva. Regular passenger trains have 1-minute stops at Edapally, Kumbalangi, Angamally and Aroor stations. Many long-distance trains operate between Thripunithura and Ernakulam Town station.
It is a good idea to take rail during busy peak-hours when buses are overcrowded. Equally good idea to take rail to Aluva from city centre which is the nearest point to the airport (12 km) from where a taxi or Orange Route A bus can taken to avoid city traffic congestion.
This is a cheap method of transport between attractions. You can find an auto stand at almost every bus stop and important places near junctions and residential areas. Make sure you agree on a fare with the driver before the journey. The government fixed rates starts at ₹30 for the first  km and ₹7 per km thereafter with a premium of 15% at night (7PM-6AM). Pre-paid auto stands are available only in railway stations. The apps Ola, Rapido and Uber are operating in Kochi, offering rides with auto rickshaws.
Taxis are convenient, comfortable, and safer than auto rickshaws. If you are alone or going to an unknown destination, this is a marker|type=good option, though the rates are double that of an auto. Unlike many countries, taxis are not usually marked with signs on the top and do not have meters inside the taxi.
Next to ride-hailing apps like Ola, Rapido and Uber, which are available for Kochi, there are two type of taxi services, regular and call taxis. Regular taxis are normally available at designated taxi stands at places such as railway stations, the airport, boat jetties, major bus stations and in front of important hotels.
There is no need to negotiate prices, as most of them follow fixed rates. Regular taxis have tariff cards displayed on the dashboard. Call taxis have charges fixed by their respective companies (although they are normally uniform). The standard tariffs are ₹50 for first 3 km, and ₹8 per km thereafter. Add 10% for a taxi with A/C, and 15-20% at night.
Many taxi companies offer full or half day services. Most of them are fixed on ad-hoc basis, based on the negotiating skills of the passenger. Typical rates are ₹1,100/1,500 for standard/AC taxis for a full day and ₹500/750 for a half day. These rates are not available after 7PM.
Driving in Kochi is not recommended as traffic is bad and drivers do not obey the road rules. There are long stretches of roads passing through heavily populated areas that have no median strips, and most of them are congested 2 lane roads. A few major roads like MG Rd, NH Bypass Rd and Marine Drive are two-lane dual carriageways with marker|type=good medians. The speed limit in the city is 30 km/h. Driving is on the left, and all foreign drivers need a valid International Driving Licence attested by the Road Transport Office (RTO). Driving outside the city limits is better with marker|type=good scenery and far less traffic. Most of the bridges and few roads carry toll charges collected at manned toll plazas or checkpoints. Almost all tolls are charged separately for one/two way; 2 wheelers- ₹3/5, 4 wheelers- ₹5/10 and bus/minivans - ₹15/25. Most tolls are valid for unlimited travel for 24 hours, though a few bridges allow only one-time travel.
Foreign guests will find renting cars for self-driving a difficult task, as many rental companies will not rent to foreigners. Normally a bank guarantee letter or security cheque/traveller's cheque to the value of the car or a passport are taken as security for renting the car. No security deposit is needed if the car is chauffeur-driven.
Most hotels with three stars or more provide private cars for their guests at rates slightly higher than elsewhere.
Ferry routes of Kochi, excluding water metros
Kochi has an excellent system of cheap (₹6 from Park Jetty in Ernakulam to Fort Kochi) inter-island ferries. The Ro-Ro (roll on-roll off) ferry service called Junkar between Fort Kochi and Vypeen is very popular, too. There are regular boat services operated by KSINC and other private operators, every 20-30 minutes, from Ernakulam to Mattancherry, Fort Kochi, Vypeen and Willingdon Island which are cheaper and in many cases faster, than buses. All services operate from 4:40AM-6:30PM with an exception to Park Jetty-Fort Kochi service until 9:30PM and Fort Kochi-Vypin Junkar service from 4AM-10:30PM.
Do take a look at the map provided, as some ferries do not stop at all stops along the way. A few tourist-oriented private ferries service non-scheduled routes during tourist seasons connecting mainly to Kumbalangi Tourist village from Ernakulam Main Jetty as well as from Aroor.
Fort Kochi to Ernakulam. 4:40-21:30. 30 services per day ₹6. (updated Jan 2022)
Fort Kochi to Willingdon Island. ₹6. (updated Jan 2023)
Mattancherry to Ernakulam via Fort Kochi. 6:00-21:10. Duration 20 min ₹10. (updated Mar 2021)
Vypeen to Ernakulam via Willingdon Island. 7:00-21:30. Every 30 min ₹9. (updated Mar 2021)
Ernakulam Main Jetty to Varapuzha. 6 per day, 1 hr duration, 7:40AM-6:45PM
Ernakulam (High Court Jerry) to Bolghatty. 10-minute ride.
Fort Cochin - Vypeen. 6:30AM-9PM. Duration 10 min, every 10 min.
A boat of Kochi Water Metro
In addition to ferries, water metros are also an option in Kochi, the first of its kind in India. Water metros are like ferries but the compartments are like a typical metro train, with air-conditioning. As of 2023, there are only two routes:
A ride in a water metro can also be a way to see beautiful views of Kochi while travelling through the backwaters.
Kochi is traditionally not a pedestrian-friendly city considering the humid tropical climate, poor pedestrian walkways and reckless traffic. So it might be better to avoid too much walking in the busy city-centre area. Fort Kochi is one of the better places to walk, with elaborate colonial-style stone pavements.
Fort Kochi is a perfect place for cycling with dedicated tracks and walkways. However, there are no separate bike paths on roads on the mainland. Take extra care while biking in Kochi roads as road users can be reckless. Bike hire shops are easy to find in touristy areas.
Vasco Information Centre, Fort Kochi, ☏ +91 484 2216215. A popular option, which rents cycles for ₹7 on hourly basis.
A Chinese fishing net at Fort Kochi Beach
Individual listings can be found in Kochi's district articles
This is a huge city article, so detailed listings go in the district articles. This article should only provide a brief overview.
See also: Festivals of Kerala
Chendamangalam Matta Chanda (2 days prior to Vishu Festival) near Chendamangalam Fort, is the only official barter market in the world, as reminiscent of olden market style. The recorded history of this market is nearly 300 years old, where traditional & heritage items are sold in exchange of modern items of equal value. Matta Chanda is today a tourism attraction and a traditional ritual rather than serious shopping, hence only traditional Kerala specialties can be brought in exchange of modern and regular items like branded soaps, perfumes, clothes, hair accessories, electronic components, batteries, medicines, as agreed mutually buyer and seller.
Cochin Carnival (Dec 20-Jan 2) is the biggest carnival festival in the city. Started in 1582 as part of Portuguese New Year's celebrations. A wonderful array of colourful rallies, fancy dress parades, regular competitions, bike races, beach games, sports, theme festivals, concerts and dances, fireworks and most important, the night beach parties, make it one of the largest celebrations in India. The New Year's Eve party is the highlight of this festival, when a large parade carrying a huge statute of Papanai (a Santa Claus-like image) is taken to the beach, where it is set on fire on the stroke of midnight. This is followed by a grand party. The carnival ends with the Grand Parade on the afternoon of January 1st.
Fireworks Festival of Maradu Kottaram Devi Temple(mid March - mid April) hosts India's second largest fireworks as part of their temple festival finale. Takes place in the festival grounds of Maradu with mega fireworks display lasting for 1½ hours for last two days.
Onam Festival (ten day festival mid-August to mid-September) is the state festival of Kerala originating in Kochi. It is based on the legend of welcoming the mythical King Mahabali whose capital was believed to be at the current site of Thrikakkara Temple. The ten day festivities start off with a parade on Atham day called Athachamayam. It is held in Thripunithura starting from the Atham Grounds and has many tableaux, dance parades, cultural art forms ending at Thrikakkara Temple.
Shiva Temple Festival (first week of January) takes place at the Shiva Temple and Durbar Hall Ground, famous for its ten elephant parade and host of cultural activities. The last day of the festival, Pakalpooram, is famous for its traditional Kerala percussion ensemble, a huge display of fireworks and a 21-gun salute by the Indian Navy and Kerala Police.
Thripunithura Vrischikolsavam (mid November - mid December) at Thripunithura Poornathrayeesa Temple is a grand temple festival in Kerala, one of the biggest after Thrissur Pooram. This was once the royal festival of the Kochi Kingdom. The cultural attractions draw huge crowds with regular performances of Kathakali.
Kochi has some good sporting facilities. Football is the official game here and is regularly played by locals in open areas. Cricket is extremely popular and regularly played by youngsters.
Beach Sports. Fort Kochi beach and Cherai beaches are very popular among locals for playing beach volleyball. Try a tough game of beach-football which is very popular here. Water-ski and biking is also popular in Fort Kochi beaches.
Cricket pitches, Palace Oval Grounds in Tripunithara is the most popular large open cricket pitch where the Kochi Royals used to play their favourite past-time. Apart from this, there are new large pitches in Parade grounds of Fort Kochi and in Kadavanthara (near GCDA Nagar).
Football pitches. There is a large football pitch at Parade Grounds in Fort Cochin, where locals play regularly in evening and you will likely be welcome to join in. Likewise at Maharaja's Football and Cricket pitches near College Ground in MG Road, Ambedkar City Stadium near KSRTC Bus station in Rajaji Rd and at the Marine Drive ground.
Maharaja's Stadium Grounds, at KPCC Jn in MG Road has large athletic grounds, a state-of-art synthetic track popular among athletic enthusiasts.
Water Sports is popular in Kochi, particularly in Fort Kochi beach and Cherai beach where water skis/jets and water scooters are available. Cochin Marina in Bolgatty Island, Yacht club in Thevara and Ramada Resort in Panagad operate a wide range of water sports games. Para-gilding is not allowed due to proximity of several strategic military installations.
Boating on the Kochi backwaters (at Marine Drive). Get the real feel of the Vembanad Lake through boating. There are many cruises offered by many private players as well as the Kerala State Inland Shipping Corp. Sunset cruises are popular. Many guesthouses offer the trip and in the centre you can arrange it by yourself as well. Speedboats also ply on the backwaters. Some premium hotels in Willingdon Island and Fort Kochi offer motorised watersports for its guests. Daily backwater tours can be organised directly through the state tourism office at Ernakulam Park Jetty. They cost ₹650 per person and must be booked at least the day before. The tour includes a stop at local small industry and food sites. (updated Jun 2017)
There are many performing arts complexes across the city, offering a good experience of various art-forms and culture. Kochi has the largest number of regular evening Kathakali theaters, offering the best insight into this traditional dance-drama art-form of Kerala. Apart from Kathakali, many other events are regularly performed in Kochi.
Day-shopping is more popular than night-shopping. All shopping outlets close by 8PM. During festive seasons, late night shopping (11PM-3:30AM) are organised to reduce day-time shopping congestion.
The Onam Festival (mid-Aug to Sep) is one of the best shopping seasons, when you get heavy discounts ranging between 10-50% for almost all items as well as regular consumer fairs. Christmas is the next best season. The Kerala Government has started the Grand Kerala Shopping Festival (15 Dec–30 Jan), to promote Kerala as a shopping destination. Kochi is the main focal centre of this festival and you get heavy discounts at participating stores and regular lucky draws.
The narrow strip sandwiched between Marine Drive and MG Road houses the celebrated Broadway Market, one of the Kochi's oldest shopping corners where you can buy anything from safety pins to motor scooters. Also try Mattanchery Old Spice Market, one of the oldest spice markets in the country.
Jew town, famous for its antique shopping
Jew town in Fort Kochi has numerous antique and craft stores. Most of the antique shops sell colonial era and heritage pieces, as well as Jewish items from the traditional Jewish homes of the area. You can also find many kinds of Indian sculptures, decor, interior artifacts and souvenirs. Bargains are available but be warned that many 'antiques' were probably made in the owners backyard. Shop with care and bargain hard. Never trust touts, who get hefty commissions from unscrupulous antique dealers.
Try state-run emporiums that offer high quality certified antiques and artworks. However, they offer no bargain or discount. Check at Kerala's state emporium showrooms, Kairali & Surabhi and Karnataka's Kaveri, all on MG Road.
Large western-style shopping malls opened up in the last decade. Six are functional. Apart from malls, there are numerous shopping complexes in Kochi (large complex having many shops close to each other, selling mostly only one type of product).
Kochi has many famous designer boutiques, mostly in Convent Junction between MG Road and Marine Drive. Panampally Nagar also houses premium exclusive designer boutiques. MG Road, the arterial road, is lined with many premium brand stores, leading apparel shops and boutiques. Cloth bazaar in Broadway Market is one of the largest apparel market selling unbranded fabrics and apparels at lower rates.
Kochi is famous for gold, silver, diamond and platinum jewellery. Most jewellers are concentrated at Jewel Junction (Woodland Junction), MG Road near Hotel Woodlands. Normal gold purity in India is 22 carat. 24-carat gold ornaments (thankam) are not so popular but are available. Lightweight collections in 18-carat gold have become popular among youngsters and teenagers.
For cosmetics and women's accessories, Convent Junction is the haven for the fairer sex. Many international cosmetics and personal care brands can be bought at prices lower than in western countries.
Alphonsa Cosmetics Collections, ☏ +91 484 2366676. Convent Junction. A good collection of all international and national cosmetics brands.
The Body Shop, Lulu Mall.
Goodwill Collections, ☏ +91 484 2380142. TKM Park, Convent Junction. One of the largest cosmetic store with collections of jewellery and bags.
Le Mars, Civil Lanes, Palarivattom, ☏ +91 484 2339142, +91 484 2339152, +91 484 2339162. A popular multi-brand women's store.
You can buy electronic gadgets at comparatively lower rates than most other regions in India. For the latest technology, Kochi hosts many large consumer electronics fairs and every new technology gadget gets into stores very fast. The Electronics Street (opposite Medical Trust Hospital in Pallimukku) and Kadavanthara are the prefect place to buy most of electronics gadegets. Penta Menaka and GCDA Mall are famous for mobile phones. Atlantis Junction and Ravipuram are well known for various computer/laptop hardware shopping.
Canon Image Square, Lulu mall.
Currents, Centre Square. Apple's premium reseller
Imagine, Lulu Mall. The first Apple premium reseller in Kerala
Lulu Connect, Lulu Mall. A perfect place for gaming consoles, tablets, smartphones and other appliances.
QRS, Edapally, near Ravipuram. A store for electronic appliances.
Reliance Digital, M G Road. A showroom for all sorts of electronic gadgets.
Samsung, Ravipuram, Lulu Mall.
Sony Vaio, Lulu mall.
Food shopping is mainly done at supermarkets and bakeries. Bakeries normally sell bread and branded food products, while most supermarkets sell household provisions and packaged food items.
KR Bakes, Anns Bakery, Bake My Days, Breadworld and Best Bakery are the most popular local bakery chains, with many locations.
Lulu Hypermarket, Lulu Mall. The largest hypermarket in Kochi, it has all sorts of groceries and household objects. Over 20 billing counters.
Reliance has many branches in Kochi, in 2 formats, Fresh (offers a wide range of fresh vegetables and fruits with limited other grocery items), Super (large supermarket, offering groceries and vegetables/fruits). Reliance is a pure vegetarian supermarket chain but outside the supermarket, they operate a small store called DeLite that offers non-vegetarian items, including fresh meat.
Mitra, Food Bazaar, Big Bazaar Express, Nine-Ten, WellMart and Triveni are other popular supermarkets.
Supplyco (Govt run), operates an extensive chain of small stores branded Maveli and regular supermarkets branded as Supplyco throughout the city. They also have a medical pharmacy attached to the supermarkets, offering English medicines at a 30% discount.
Banks, ATMs and changing money
Almost all national banks operate in Kochi and most have branches in MG Road, as do a few international banks such as HSBC, Citibank, Standard Chartered and Oman Bank. ATMs are uniformly spread across the city and most major shopping places have an adjacent ATM.
Most of the nationalised banks are authorised to carry out Forex activities. Western Union and Moneygram have many franchises in the city.
American Express Foreign Exchange Services Pvt Ltd, 39/1728, Tharakan House, MG Rd., ☏ +91 484 2375839.
Muthoot Exchange Co (P) Ltd, ☏ +91 484 2395345. G.F.13, Muthoot Chambers, Kurian Towers, Opp. Saritha Theatre, Banerji Rd.
Pheroze Framroze & Co (P) Ltd, ☏ +91 484 2367943. Behind Woodland Hotel, Layam Rd.
Thomas Cook (India) Ltd, ☏ +91 484 2369729. Palai Towers, 1st Floor, Right Wing, M G Rd.
UAE Exchange, ☏ +91 484 2360037. Opp Maharaja's College Ground, M G Rd.
Wall Street Finance Ltd, ☏ +91 485 2372149. G 42, Pioneer Tower, Marine Drive.
This page uses the following price ranges for a typical meal for one, including soft drink:
Fried fish is well prepared in Kochi
For the past 600 years, Kochi has catered to many visitors from around the world including Arabs, Chinese, Portuguese, French, English, Dutch, Russians and Japanese. This has made the city a melting pot of various cultures, and this diversity is evident in the cuisine.
Being a coastal city, plenty of fresh seafood is the local speciality. With the backwaters, freshwater fish is also popular here. Prawns, squids and shrimps are easily available and cooked in many styles. The most famous of Kochi's specialty dishes is Meen Molagitta Curry (smoked freshwater fish with chilly and coconut milk). The English popularised smoked fish with steamed bread and mashed potatoes. One of Kochi's traditional vegetarian specialties is Kurukku Kalan (a thick yogurt curry with toasted banana and hot rice). Packed Kurukku Kalan as well as Palada (a sweet dessert with rice flakes and milk) are sold in many supermarkets and food stalls, especially during festive times.
At Fort Kochi beach you can buy fresh fish and have it cooked at the nearby food stalls. Fishmongers will sell you a kilo of tiger prawns for around ₹300 and a kilo of squid for around ₹250. Food stalls will charge you ₹40-50 per person to cook your fish (grilled, curry, whatever) and provide you with a serve of chips and salad. Conditions are reasonably hygienic.
Fried fish, Fish molly (a coconut milk sauce based curry almost like stew), Alleppey fish curry (traditional curry with tomato sauce and fish tamarind) and Fish Peera (chunks of fish toasted with grated coconuts with fish tamarind sauce), Varatharacha Kozhi curry (semi-fried chicken toasted with coconut and chilly) are the favorites, usually taken with rice or steamed tapioca (cassava). Also worth trying are the traditional rice based breakfast snacks, puttu and kadala, appam and stew.
Kochi has a variety of cheap restaurants all over the city. A full meal should cost less than ₹50.
Thattukadas are streetside food hawkers, where you can get hot, fresh-cooked delicious food, costing a maximum of ₹50 for a good filling meal. Most offer set meal combinations served from portable cooking trolleys with a few benches or chairs nearby. The most famous delicacies are stuffed or plain thattu dosas (thick dosas almost like pizza bread), hot Kerala porottas (flat bread of milled wheat), Kerala roast beef with chapatti and kanji (rice porridge). The main concern is the lack of hygiene and constant reuse of oil for frying.
Kochi has some home-grown fast food chains: KR Hot Chicken, 61 Pai Dosas, Luciya's Food Court, Potpurri, The Oven, Krispy Chicken, Arabian Treat, Papa Milano's and Breadworld Broasted Chicken have a presence in most parts of town. Foreign franchises such as KFC, Chicking, Noodle Kings, McDonalds, Burger KIng, US Pizzas, Marrybrown, Pizza Hut and Domino's also have a presence here.
Aruvi Restaurant has a board that indicates the philosophy of natural food.
Aruvi Restaurant, Tea, coffee etc. are not available. Instead "Jappi" an ayurvedic herbal drink is offered. Aruvi is on I. S. Press Road (9496044519), Kacherippady (9496044519), and Chambakkara at Vyttiila (9496044517).
Arya Nivas, Chitoor Rd (opposite South Bus Stand). A chain of vegetarian restaurants run by Tamilians, famous for typical south Indian foods.
Hotel Thali (opposite Little Flower Church, near Kadavanthra). Very good Kerala style cuisine.
Hotel Unnikrishnan, Pallimukku (opposite Medical Trust Hospital). Famous for Kerala style fish fries and set meals.
Indraprastha Gujarati Food Court, MG Rd (Ground floor, DD Food Court, near Shenoy's Theatre). Famous for its unlimited North Indian thalis and various sweets. A full plate thali with five dishes, Roti and rice costs ₹50.
Kayees Biriyani (Kaikka's Biriyani). open from early morning briyani avail from noon only and most of the time finish by 2PM. kayees is very famous for the briyani don't leave Kochi, without tasting the kayees mutton biriyani, very trusted name in this field for many decades, hygienic at reasonable pricing too. below hundred for chicken briyani.
Kayees Rahamatulla Cafe, Mattanchery.
Kayees Hotel, Durbar Hall Road (opp. Darbar Ground).
Krishna Kripa Seafood Restaurant, Fort Kochi (opposite SantaCruz Basilica Church). Good Kerala-style food, low prices and a great location.
Mughal Restaurant, South Railway Station Rd. Has a good range of north Indian foods and a good juice bar.
Sree Krishna Cafe, Gujarathi St, Mattancherry. Gujarati restaurant famous for its cutlets and battoora and vegetarian curries.
There are many street side Arabic restaurants offering shawarma and grilled chicken. Popular options are Real Arabia, Arabia Dreams and Grill Arabia, which are dotted all over the city. Most supermarkets and bakeries have a Shawarma Corner outside, which is a cheap, yet filling sandwich. most budget Arabic restaurants are open from 5PM-midnight.
Royal Food Court (Near North Railway Station). Good food with Arabic-Lebanese delicacies around the clock.
Street Menu (Opposite SBT Bank, Padma Junction, MG Rd). Offers a lot of grilled options at low prices.
Most of the restaurants in Kochi are mid-range and there are lots of them.
Banana Leaf, Jos Junction, MG Rd (near Jos Collections), ☏ +91 484 4022334. noon-3PM. Good traditional Kerala food with non veg and veg options. ₹60.
Delhi Durbar, Pallimukku, MG Rd. A good, small North Indian restaurant.
Fort House Restaurant and Hotel, 2/6A Calvathy Rd (next to Coast Guard), ☏ +91 484 2217103. At the water front offering good Kerala food and great views.
The Grand Pavilion, Grand Hotel, Jewel Junction, MG Rd. Popular especially during evenings for its seafood, particularly karimeen pollichathu (smoked pearlspot fish) and alleppey fish curry.
Kadaloram, Abad Plaza. Good typical Kerala buffet at about ₹300 per head.
Khyber Pass, First floor, Bimbis Restaurants, Jos Junction, MG Rd. A North Indian/Afghan food outlet with a wide range of tikkas and kebabs.
Mirch Masalas, TD Rd (near to Temple). Vegetarian Punjabi restaurant with good ambiance.
Ojeen, By-lane after SBT towards Broadway, Marine Dr (From High Court junction, proceed toward SBT along Shanmugham Road. Right after SBT, on the left, there's a by-lane leading to Broadway.), ☏ +91 484 3121591. 11AM-7PM. Variety of snacks from the Malabar region, juices and milk shakes. Ojeen is probably the only place in Kochi for the delectable, meat-rich Malabar snacks. ₹100.
Raju dhaba, Falcon truck terminal, Kalamassery. 11AM-11PM. Authentic north Indian dhaba food. ₹100.
Shala, 1/605 Peter Celli St, Fort Kochi, ☏ +91 484 2216036. Started by the same people who run the Kashi Art Cafe, Shala serves delicious Keralan food. The menu which changes daily. The owner, Anoop, hires local housewives to cook their local specialties. The restaurant is in a beautiful and tastefully restored historical building.
Sharma's Restaurant, Broadway, Marine Dr (Just behind Penta Menaka). Good North Indian food at low prices.
Ceylon Bake House. Ceylon parathas and Sri Lankan chicken dishes.
Woodland Junction, SRV Road.
Opp. Avenue Regent, South area, MG Rd.
Chinese Garden, Dwaraka Junction, MG Rd and Kadavanthara, SA Rd. A good restaurant, serving lots of Indianised Chinese dishes.
Chiyang Restaurant, Madhava Pharmacy Junction, Banerji Road (adjacent to PNVM hospital, opposite erstwhile Oman International Bank). One of the oldest Chinese restaurants.
14Avenue Restaurant, 14 Cross Rd, Main Avenue, Panampilly Nagar. Italian and continental cuisines, including lasagna, pies, pastas and steaks.
South Star, Bimbis Menaka (near Penta Menaka, Marine Drive). Well maintained, nice interiors. Food styles from North Indian, South Indian, Chinese and Arabic and a wide range of Biriyanis.
Thai BBQ House, Kunnumpuram Road, Njaliparambu Junction, Fort Kochi. Thai cuisine, with grilled squid tempuras and coconut prawns.
Upstairs Italian, K.B. Jacob Rd, Fort Kochi (opposite Santa Cruz Basilica). Run by an Italian family, classic traditional Italian cuisines.
Most of the upscale restaurants are in hotels with 3 stars or more.
BTH Kempa, BTH Hotel, BTH Junction, Durbar Hall Rd. A classic hotel which dates back at least 100 years. Its restaurant, Kempa, is popular among high-end vegetarian travellers. Serves North Indian, South Indian and Kannadiga-Udupi dishes.
Chillis Andhra, Layam Rd. Very tasty, as well as fiery food, particularly the chicken options. Few vegetarian options.
Hotel Dwaraka, Dwaraka Junction, MG Rd. It was the first star hotel in Kochi and it remains a popular option for Indian vegetarian food.
Ila, Marine Dr (near Hakkoba Lodge). 11AM-11PM. Tasty Travancore food, with both Southern Travancore veg options and Central Travancore Syrian Christian non veg specialities.
Lily Grace Seafood Restaurant, Post box 22, River Rd., Fort Kochi (near Hotel Killians - Fort Kochi Vypeen Ferry Terminal), ☏ +91 484 2217245, relax@hotelkillians.com. 7AM-11PM. Freshly caught seafood from Kerala.
Sreekrishna Inn, Warriam Rd, Durbar Hall Rd. This restaurant is famous for its classic look and theme, and offers a large range of Indian vegetarian dishes. The dosas are most famous, along with its elaborate thalis.
S36, Mills St, Foreshore Rd (within Bat&Ball Inn), ☏ +91 484 645 9495. 11AM-11PM. Traditional North Indian cuisine, particularly Mughal specialty foods.
Tandoor (Clay Oven), Layam Rd (near Hotel Woodlands, Woodland Junction, MG Rd). 11AM-11PM. Tasty North Indian, particularly Punjabi, food. The Kadai chicken and ginger chicken is truly world class, and no other place in Kochi can offer their unique taste. The peas masala is also really superb. Their trademarks are romali roti and stuffed bread options. A full Kadai chicken serves at least 4-5 people. Caution, it is very spicy.
Arctic Circle (next to Hokkoba Lodge, Marine Drive, near to Coffee Beanz). 11AM-11PM. Steak, more than 14 sizzlers, such as an American styled sizzler with Texas mashed potatoes with mushroom sauce. 20 European dishes, along with a few continental salads.
Ayela & Keshai (Part of Dreams Hotel), near Elamkulam Lake, SA Rd. A very good seafood restaurant with four theme courts, Kochi, Thai, Vietnamese and Japanese. It has a fresh seafood selection court, with the fish cooked in front of the guests. A multi-cuisine restaurant also operates at the site.
Conucopia, Mills St, Foreshore Rd, ☏ +91 484 6459495. 11AM-11PM. A cricket theme restaurant, operating inside Bat&Ball Inn, this restaurant is famous for its wide selection of Continental, Greek, Mediterranean cuisines.
Golden Dragon, Mercy Estate, Atlantis Junction, Ravipuram side of MG Rd. 11AM-11PM. A pure Chinese restaurant without any Indianisation. Serves alcohol.
Hon. East India Company, Hotel Travancore Palace, Warriam Rd, Durbar Hall Rd. 11AM-11PM. A historical themed restaurant operating within the four star Travancore Palace Hotel. Famous for its classic paintings and heritage photo galleries as well as its food. The evening buffet is one of the largest in town, offering the best of English, Kerala and North Indian cuisine.
Lokah World Cuisines, NH Bypass Rd, Vytilla (near Mithra Supermarket), ☏ +91 484 4033220, +91 484 4033221. 11AM-11PM. Offers nine international cuisines from an American Wild West theme to Vietnamese sea-food, Italian pastas and Arabic grills. This restaurant has a family hall, a smoking lounge, a street food area and French cafe along with bakery. Free wifi for guests.
Itty's Place, G31, Panampally Nagar (near Hotel Centre), ☏ +91 94 4657 5551. 11AM-11PM. Itty's place is an eco-friendly restaurant made completely with bamboo, coir and wood having 3 sit-down options. Favourite Italy offers traditional Italian pizzas, pastas and subs.
Ming's Wok (Opp.Bank of Baroda Near Malayala Manorama Panampilly Nagar Cochin), ☏ +91 484 231355. 11:30AM-11PM. Authentic Chinese cuisine prepared by professional chefs, using quality ingredients.
Spice Route, Level 4, Oberon Mall, NH Bypass Rd, Palarivattom, ☏ +91 484 4000040. 11AM-11PM. Themed around historical spice route with focus on traditional Persian foods.
Somewhere Else (near Muscat Tower (Sony and Vileno Showroom), near Kadavanthara Junction), ☏ +91 484 2313339. 11AM-11PM. It has a cafe and restaurant. The cafe serves a wide range of coffees and mocktails, whereas the restaurant has sizzlers, steaks, grilled wraps, burgers and desserts. Also offers some good biriyanis and Indianised European options. Free wifi for guests.
24 Carat, 3rd floor, Gold Souke Mall, Vytilla. 11AM-11PM. A popular upscale multi-cuisine restaurant, themed around weddings, it is ideal for candle-light romantic dinners and high power lunches.
Keralites are well known for their drinking habit. Finding bars or pubs is not difficult in Kochi. For those who do not drink alcohol there are lots of excellent local options.
Fresh toddy (kallu) is an alcoholic brew from the coconut tree. Be careful as adulteration is very common. Your best bet is to get it from a local who has given over his coconut trees for extraction. Mullapanthal Kallushap near Thripunithura is a certified Kallu brew shop.
Karikku /ilaneer (tender coconut), could be found at many hawker stalls, especially in Marine Drive.
Sambhaaram (buttermilk), is especially popular on hot summer days when it is even distributed freely by some clubs.
Shakes, such has Sharjah Shake are good cool down options and there are numerous cool-bars and juice stalls across the city.
Sarbath (sharbat) is a popular sweet drink which can be of various varieties. Soda lime, lime water, fresh lime, etc. are other common thirst quenchers available everywhere.
Finding a bar or pub is not difficult. Most of the budget oriented bars are near the railway stations and in Kaloor and Edappally. Mid-market and high end bars are all over. There are many beer and wine bars catering for foreign tourists at Fort Kochi. As elsewhere in Kerala, all bars and pubs have to close every first and second day of the month as well as on all state holidays. These are known as dry days. All bars have to close by midnight.
You can buy almost any brand of liquor from state-run Beverages Co stores, which have an extensive network of in Kochi, selling at competitive rates. Expect long queues, especially on the eve of dry days.
Central Park Bar, Kaloor-Kadavanthara Rd. A posh well maintained bar having a designer lounge.
Nasha, at the Metropolitan Hotel bar, South Railway station. A well maintained good lounge bar, ideal for families and visitor. Offers a wide range of drinks offering at moderate prices. Very famous for its signature Kerala dishes as short eats.
Oberoi Bar, MG Rd. A good small bar dominated by men.
Polakkulattu Sliverspoon Bar, Jewek MG Rd. A good, well maintained bar with branches in Palarivattom near Metlife, and in SA Rd at Janatha Junction.
Silca Bar, Hotel Mercy, Ravipuram area, MG Rd, ☏ +91 484 2367372. A lovely, upscale bar lounge popular with businessmen and upscale visitors. Famous for its signature dishes and cocktails.
Velocity, Banerjee Rd. A seedy bar with a wide range of liquors and beer. (updated Jun 2017)
XL Fishnet Bar, Rose St, Fort Cochin. until about 10:30PM. The bar fills up each day with tourists looking for a beer in Fort Cochin. There is nothing cosy about the place and the staff are quite lazy. It can be a nice spot to meet other travellers, since everyone has one thing in common: drinking beer. There is a busy restaurant downstairs that also serves beer (more pricey) and may be preferred by solo women. ₹125 for a Kingfisher beer.
All discotheques, pubs have some strict rules and etiquettes.
A restricted admission policy - allows only guests above 21 with proof of age required. No pets are permitted and some days may be reserved for ladies, couples and families.
A strict dress code - only formal attire for both genders. Western styled fashion is allowed for women. Male patrons must be fully clothed in formal western style or in denims with shoes. No kind of ethnic Indian clothing is allowed for men, however sarees are allowed for women.
Smoking is strictly not allowed inside any pubs or dance floors
The nightlife is mostly very limited compared to big cities. There are lots of bars available but the city is very conservative compared to big metros.
ÁVA lounge, Dreams Hotel, SA Rd. A lounge cum disco bar, ideal for families. Good music, a large dance floor and wide range of cocktails.
Champs Sports Lounge, Gokulam Park, Kaloor. Has a good sports gallery, cricket-themed interiors, 2 gigantic screens for regular broadcast of cricket or football matches, signature cocktails and snacks.
Couchyn, The Grand Hotel, Woodlands Junction, MG Rd. A traditional English styled lounge bar with great music and a wide variety of cocktails.
Glow&Corktales, ☏ +91 484 409 0000. Atlantis Junction-MG Rd. Dance floor and large lounge bar. It has night parties from Thursday to Sunday with various themes and age groups.
Opium the Club, ☏ +91 93 8825 6882. Palarivattom Jn, Palarivattom Jn., A posh upscale dance floor and large discotheque, it has various events from Tuesday to Sunday, each in various themes. (Closed on dry days)
Loungevity, Hotel Avenue Regent, MG Rd. House an in-house DJ and the latest in electronic dance music. One of the coolest places for families.
Tandav Discos, (Le Meridien), Maradu. Famous for its weekend all night parties and grand balls.
There are many coffee shops around the city.
Amaara Maradu, Petta-Maradu Rd, Tripunithara (near Gandhi Square), ☏ +91 484 2706922, amaara@in.com. 10AM-9PM. A unique heritage hangout set in a 200-year-old Mangayil house. Serves authentic Kerala coffee and popular varieties of dosas. Regular cultural performances, cooking class, ethnic handicrafts class are some of the popular activities there. The cafe also houses a large library for reading as well as venue of regular book exhibitions.
Barista (Bay Pride Mall, Marine Drive). 10AM-10:30PM. The place to cool down with coffee after a walk at Marine Drive. Not cheap though.
BTH Coffee Shop (Nr North Railway Station; International Stadium-Kaloor). 9AM-10:30PM. A moderate priced coffee shop, famous for its traditional Kerala snacks and savouries along with dosas and idilies.
Cafe Cochin Lavazza (G-360, Panampally Nagar), ☏ +91 484 3114816. 9AM-10:30PM. The only direct Lavazza coffee outlet in South India.
Cafe Coffee Day (Shenoys Jn, MG R; Oberon Mall; Pallimukku, MG Rd). 10AM-9:30PM. A popular national chain, which is a standard coffee hangout with western style eateries and a wide range of coffee. ₹100 for coffee.
Cafe Persia (TD Rd, near Banerjee Rd). 9AM-10:30PM. A unique Arabic themed cafe, famous for Sheeshas/Hookah smoking and an excellent range of Arabic coffee and tea, along with snacks.
Kashi Art Café, Fort Cochin, Burgher St (parallel to Princess St), ☏ +91 484 2215769, mail@kashiartgallery.com. 8:30AM-10PM. Serves great iced coffee, fresh lunches, and a variety of sandwiches and tasty cakes.
Teapot (Peter Celli St, Fort Cochin). 10AM-10:30PM. A unique cafe which serves a variety of teas, particularly 6 unique Indian flavours. It also has good traditional English snacks.
There are numerous cool-bars and juice stalls that sell branded and custom made ice-cream dotted all over the city. There are also a few specialist ice cream parlours.
Caravan Softies, Caravan Complex, Marine Drive and Opposite Shenoys Cineplex. One of the most traditional ice-cream parlours famous for many in-house varieties.
Horter Place de Glance, Jawahar Nagar Colony and Opp. Durbar Hall grounds. A premium ice-cream outlet selling the Uncle John brand. It has 29 ice-cream flavours and 18 ice-cream varieties with many toppings including sauces, creams, fruits and nuts.
Kwality Walls, Foodcourt-Abad Bay Pride Mall Marive Drive. A local favourite.
Merriboys Ice-cream Cafe, Food Circle, Oberon Mall. Famous for its original milk ice-creams and innovative fruit sundaes.
This guide uses the following price ranges for a standard double room:
Viththaga Hotels, Banerji Road. Opp. Sani Rest., ☏ +91 484 2363527, +91 484 2364040, +91 484 2364070. ₹350. (updated Apr 2015)
Hotel City Tower, Near Reserve Bank. 1,200. (updated Apr 2015)
PRB Residency, PRB Residency, 32/25005a., PJ Antony Road, Palaarivattom Jn, ☏ +91 484 2337011. 600. (updated Apr 2015)
Banana Hut Hotel, Main Ferry Rd (On the left 150m to the Chinese Fishing nets from the main Ferry Station). Basic rooms, but cheap and kind hosts. Leaving your bag there during the day is possible and was safe. from ₹300 (off season).
Casa Linda Ballard, St.Paul's St (Near St.Paul's School), ☏ +91 484 2216888. A well-maintained hotel in typical European style. Budget.
Hotel Fort Avenue, Bazaar St (Near old Bazaar), ☏ +91 484 2226103. A well maintained hotel. Budget.
Hotel White Rose, Fort Nagar, ☏ +91 484 3236004. A newer hotel, which is clean and good looking. Ideal for families
Vintage Inn, Rids Dale Branch Road, Njaliparambu Jn., (near K.B. Jacob Rd, traffic circle), ☏ +91 484 2215064. Clean, comfortable ensuite rooms, fan or A/C, free WiFi in the lobby, 5 min walk from historic centre.
AJ Residency, Kaloor Rd (near Kaloor Jn, behind Lenin Centre), ☏ +91 484 2371711, mapleregency@airtelmail.in. Check-in: noon. Near Kaloor bus stand at Kaloor Road and nearby Palarivattom Shopping district. It has the Rahamaniya tender Chicken Restaurant at ground floor. ₹350-800.
Hotel Aiswarya, Warriam Rd (Near Durbar Hall Ground), ☏ +91 484 2364454. A good well maintained hotel with nice interiors and good hospitality in heart of the city.
Hotel Bijus, Cannon Shed Rd, Near Boat Jetty (Near General Hospital), ☏ +91 484 2361661, +91 484 2381881. Ideal hotel for budget tourist. A well maintained, clean and nice hotel.
Abad Plaza, Kavitha Junction, MG Rd, ☏ +91 484 2384380. One of the oldest hotels in town. There is also another hotel just behind which belongs to this chain. It has good restaurants, pools, gyms, spa, supermarket, bookshop and business facilities in centre of the city.
Avenue Centre Hotel, Panampally Nagar (Opposite Rotary Club and near to Passport Office), ☏ +91 484 2315301. A good hotel in an upscale residential area with a multi-cuisine restaurant and swimming pools.
Ballard Bungalow (Near Fort Kochi Junker Jetty), ☏ +91 484 2215854. A heritage colonial bungalow, which still maintains the colonial charms and recreates an atmosphere of the British Raj. Moderate.
BTH, BTH Round, Durbar Hall Rd (Near to Shiva Temple), ☏ +91 484 2353501. The oldest business hotel of the town, BTH is a popular option, especially among Indian families. It has good lawns, a large swimming pool and vegetarian restaurants.
Gama Heritage Residency, Napier St, ☏ +91 484 2217475. A typical Portuguese bungalow, which housed the Portuguese army until its defeat by Dutch forces. Today it is a stylish heritage hotel, famous for its hospitality.
Mermaid Hotel, Kaniyampuzha Road, Vyttila, ☏ +91 484 3988444, +91 484 2307999, fax: +91 484 2307804, reservation@mermaidcochin.com. Spacious rooms with river views.
Old Courtyard, Princess St (Near Vasco Da Gama Square), ☏ +91 484 2215035. An old Dutch bungalow, remodelled with modern interiors. Famous for lovely dinner parties. Moderate.
Sealord, Marine Dve, ☏ +91 484 2382472, +91 484 2382473. One of the first star rated hotels in Kochi and offers rooms at moderate rates. Has good restaurants and a pub.
Times Square, Layam Rd, Near Durbar Hall Ground (Opposite Chief Justice's House), ☏ +91 484 2374488. Business hotel, near the shopping quarters of MG Rd with a very good multi-cuisine restaurant.
Dreams, S.A Rd, Kadavanthara (opposite Naval Enclave), ☏ +91 484 4129999. A premium property which is a sister concern of Times Hotel-New York, with all 5 star facilities. ₹6,000-20,000.
Gokulam Park Inn International, Kaloor (opposite Techno-towers), ☏ +91 484 2400707. A 4-star property in the business corner of Kochi. Has a good convention centre and a host of facilities. ₹4,000-12,000.
Le Méridien, Maradu Junction (near Maradu Bridge), ☏ +91 484 2705777. One of the most exclusive addresses in the city. It has a host of facilities, including a large convention centre. Near to riverside, it offers good boating facilities and has an indoor shopping complex selling luxury items. ₹6,000-20,000. (updated Jan 2019)
Renai Cochin (formerly Rennaissance), Palarivattom Junction, ☏ +91 484 3919000.
Adams Wood House, Andy Achari Rd (Behind Saga at Paravana junction), ☏ +91 98 9535 3782, adamswoodhouse@yahoo.com. Four clean rooms with comfortable beds. The owner,and his family are very friendly and helpful. Free Wi-Fi, help with arranging trips inside and outside of town. Breakfast available. ₹1,000-3,000.
Daniels Homestay, Rids Dale Branch Rd (2 min walk from Santa Cruz Church), ☏ +91 98 9557 5181, danielshomestay@yahoo.com. In one of the silent by-lanes of Fort Kochi very close to the Santa Cruz Basilica. Friendly, clean and comfortable. ₹750-1,000.
Dream Catcher Home Stay, Vasavan Lane Rd (Near Thamaraparambu School), ☏ +91 484 2217550, +91 97 4601 7881, dreamcatcheronita@vsnl.net. Home-cooked food, clean rooms, but host quite unpleasant. Free pick-ups from bus and railway station. ₹600-1,200.
1/1375 A KB Jacob Rd, Njaliparambu Junction, ☏ +91 96 5643 0583, sanoobsanu@yahoo.in. Check-in: 1PM, check-out: 11AM. Clean with comfortable beds. The owner and his family are very friendly and helpful. Free internet, help with arranging trips inside and outside of town. ₹400-800.
Green House Home Stay, Kunnumpuram Road, Njaliparambu, ☏ +91 98 9526 2296, greenhousehomestay@yahoo.com. Friendly home stay in a good location close to Princess St. TV and a fridge are provided in the communal living room as well Internet. High season doubles are around ₹1,000 non A/C or ₹1,500 A/C, ₹300-600 during the low season, extra charge for A/C rooms.
Leelu Home, Cheerans Ebenezer, behind Fort Kochi Post Office, Quirose St (2-min walk from the famous Santa Cruz Basilica), ☏ +91 48 4221 5377. A renovated Victorian building in the heart of Fort Kochi. Cooking classes are conducted in the kitchen daily from 11AM-1PM and from 6PM-8PM.
Maison Casero Home Stay, Near Santa Cruz Basilica Church, Fosse Road, Kottavalappu, Fort Cochin (45 km from the Cochin International Airport, 18 km from the Ernakulam Junction railway station, 150 m from the fort cochin bus stand), ☏ +91 484 2215955, +91 9847125955 (mobile). Check-in: 11:30AM, check-out: 11AM. The owner Jaison and his family are very friendly and helpful. ₹600-1500.
Padikkal Residency, Njaliparambu Junction (50 m from Santa Cruz Basilicum), ☏ +91 98 95423033, padikkalresidency@gmail.com. Check-in: 1PM, check-out: 11AM. Free Wi-Fi, private rooms with ensuite bathroom. Common balcony. Traditional style homestay with helpful staff. Approved by the Department of Tourism Development. Close to the main Fort Kochi area, but in a quiet enough location to be away from the hustle and bustle of the main tourist traps.
Prem's Homestay, Njaliparambu Junction (Close to the Santa Cruz Basilica), ☏ +91 484 2215269, +91 98 4715 8166, premshomestay@gmail.com. Clean, homey atmosphere, welcoming hosts. Home-cooked food on order. Close to major tourist attractions. Will organise trips inside and out of town if you wish. ₹600-1,000.
Riverside Heritage Homestay, ☏ +91 93 8879 4279.
Rak Villa (near Edavanakad Juma Masjid), ☏ +91 960 595 1111, info@rakvilla.in. Check-in: 2PM, check-out: 11AM. Rak Villa is a four-bedroom villa mostly suitable for family. Alcohol is prohibited here. Most preferable for Arabians. (updated Oct 2017)
San Mike Tours Homestay, No. 1/957, Directly opposite Santa Cruz Basilica, ☏ +91 484 2215385, +91 48 4657 1203. Friendly homestay run by two brothers Victor and Martin. They can organise anything from a ₹500 backwater cruise in Allepey to a day riding an old Enfield motorcycle down the Malabar coast. ₹500 per person or less if there is more than one of you.
Sherlys Casa Grande, 10A, Asset Casa Grande, ☏ +91 984 705 6756, sales@sherlyshomestay.com. Features a lake view. (updated Feb 2018)
Tag und Nacht (Homestay), Beach Rd, Mackenzie Garden (opposite the Naval Maritime Museum), ☏ +91 999 599 4550, +98 467 51505, tagundnacht1@gmail.com. Very clean and beautifully decorated rooms with comfortable beds. The owners, Antonio & Kristina, are friendly and helpful. Free WiFi, assistance with arranging trips inside and outside of town. Fabulous breakfasts. ₹500-1,200.
There are many popular institutes for learning local art-forms such as Bharatnatyam, Mohiniyattom, Kathakali and music, which can offer regular and crash courses.
Kerala Kathakali Centre, ☏ +91 484 2215827. Offers short term courses in Kathakali, Kalaripayattu and percussion instruments for visitors. Ideal for learning a bit about the essence of Kerala's, although it is not so authentic being aimed mostly at tourists.
RLV College of Dance and Music, ☏ +91 484 2779757. Established in the 1920s by the Maharaja of Kochi in Tripunithara as a remembrance to his late wife and daughter, this is one of the most popular music and dance colleges in the state. There are many short-term courses, making it ideal for interested visitors.
Sree Sankara School of Dance and Music, ☏ +91 484 2462501, +91 484 2464189. Popular school for learning classical Indian artforms, offering certificates and diplomas.
Learn this martial art of Kerala at the following government-authorised centres:
ENS Kalari, ☏ +91 484 2809810. One of the most popular Kalari centres in the state. Part of Kerala Kalaripattyattu Association, this institute is guided by trainers who are versed in ayurveda, mathematics and physical education.
Art of Living-Ernakulam Chapter, ☏ +91 484 2383738. Part of the international yoga and spiritual centre of Sri Sri Ravishankarji.
Kochi is one of the safest cities in India with excellent police coverage. Common sense is of course required when being alone at night. Also beware of moral policing groups as many incidents are reported.
Late night life is not common in Kochi. If you are planning on clubbing, make your own transport arrangements before hand, very few buses ply after 9:45PM, and none after 10:30PM. You can find autos and taxis, but only near railway stations or major bus stands. Be wary of eve-teasers, especially drunkards.
Kochi is infamous for mosquitoes, due to presence of large water bodies across the city. Make sure any room you book, has mosquito repellents or at least a mosquito net. Its always better to have any anti-mosquito creams or spice oil extracts like lemongrass oil to ward off mosquito bites.
Crossing roads - unlike in the other cities in India, vehicles do not tend to stop when you initiate crossing; so wait till there is a comparative lull in the traffic - the oncoming vehicles will slow down for you.
Be wary of Private Line bus and KSRTC bus drivers on the roads. Pedestrians live a hard life especially during peak hours in Kochi. There are many cases of road accidents and hit-run cases involving private buses and pedestrians, thus earning them the nickname, Red Killers. Take extra care, while crossing the roads. If difficult to cross then do so only at major signal junctions or seek assistance of local traffic policeman.
Kochi lacks good pedestrian walkways, though many are being rebuilt now, along with the roads. Beware of walking on these walkways, especially during night. Jaywalking may be safe in the nights in sub-urban roads, but with the coming of better roads and with an increasing traffic, avoid walking on the roads in the city, especially in the daytime.
Kochi is only a few metres above the sea level, so a few roads in the arterial city tend to flood during rainfall. It's better to avoid such roads while raining. When these roads are flooded it may be difficult to distinguish whether you are walking on road or walkway, which sometimes can land you inside drainage holes. However, these floods do tend to drain off quickly after the rain. Flood prone roads are - Edapally Junction, roads leading to Ernakulam Junction (South) Railway Station, South junction (in front of Hotel Woodlands)
Public smoking bans are strictly enforced in the city more so than in other regions. The High Court of Kerala has decreed a public smoking ban across the state. Smoking on the roadside, in shopping complexes, restaurants, and parks is illegal and police can charge ₹500-1,000 for breaches. No shop that sells loose cigars or tobacco is allowed to provide lighters. Provision of lighters to customers may lead to a ₹150 fine being imposed upon both the supplier and the purchaser.
Prostitution is illegal in Kochi, as elsewhere in Kerala and India. However, there is a good chance of encountering street prostitutes and their agents who may try to lure you. Beware of such offers as HIV is common among prostitutes. As it is a criminal offence to commit adultery, regular police raids occur in local cheap hotels to catch prostitutes and their clients.
For any emergency support of Police, ☏ 100 (for Flying Squad) or ☏ 1090 (for Crime Stopper). The city has around 16 Police Station zones.
Kochi Central Police Station (Central Circle), Old Railway Station Rd (Behind High Court of Kerala), ☏ +91 484 2394500. 24 hours. This is the main police station in Kochi.
Kochi Women Police Station (Vanitha Station) (General Police Quarters, Near to High Court), ☏ +91 484 2394250. 24 hr. A female-staffed police station dedicated to assist female travellers.
Kochi Tourist Police Station (Fort Kochi Station) (Parade grounds), ☏ +91 484 2224055. 24 hrs. This is the country's first and only tourist police station. Assistance for tourists including visa and immigration information can be provided. There is a small police museum here. Check for the difference of police uniform here. The Tourist Police wear a blue shirt and khaki pants.
Foreigners Registration Office-FRO (City Police Commissioner's Office) (Commissariat, City Police HQ, Marine Drive), ☏ +91 484 2394651. 10AM-5:30PM. The city commissioner is the FRO, who has powers and authorization for any immigration issues. For any visa conversion, loss/theft of foreign passports, extension of visa, overstay of visa, immigration clearance, reporting a missing foreigners then report at this office.
Sailors & Seaport Users Registration Office (DySP Office- Island) (SSRO Office, Near Port Trust Office, Willington Island), ☏ +91 484 2666027. 24 hr. For sailors or ship crew, their registration and embarkation/disembarkation order has to be issued for this office. The DySP has authorization to issue landing permits for yachts, private boats as well as foreign ships and allow its passengers to board down for 72 hours without visa. Travellers arriving on cruisers and yachts should report at this office for any transit visa or short term visa required.
Along with Thiruvananthapuram, Kochi is one of South Asia's best medical hubs. Many hospitals operate in the city, with 12 specialist hospitals. For accident cases, only hospitals marked with accident care are authorised to admit such cases. The toll free emergency number (from all telephones) is ☏ 102 and ☏ 1298
Amrita Institute of Medical Sciences (AIMS) (Amrita Hospital), Edapally North (Take left in NH 17 after Edapally Toll Gate), ☏ +91 48 4280 1234, +91 48 4280 4321, +91 48 4400 1234 (hotline). 24 hr. One of the top 10 leading specialist hospitals in South Asia. AIMS is reputed for its cost effective complex treatments and latest medical care facilities. Reputed for its cost-effective surgeries, the hospital offers several specialised over-all general check-ups
Lakeshore Hospital, Near Maradu Bridge, NH Bypass, Maradu, ☏ +91 484 2701032, +91 484 2701033. 24/7. One of the most high tech hospital in South India famous for its innovative, modern medical treatment. Has various specialised departments including cancer care treatment and bone/neuro treatment. The cardiac division has the latest facilities and highly qualified dcotors. There are 8 other specialist clinics. The hospital is well-equipped with all emergency services. Also offers comprehensive medical check-up services.
Medical Trust Hospital, Pallimukku, MG Rd, ☏ +91 484 2358001, +91 484 2358032, +91 484 2358033, +91 484 2358034. 24 hr. One of the oldest Super Specialty hospital in heart of the city, this hospital is one of the most important referral hospital in Kerala. Famous for its organ transplant operations. Has the largest number of intensive care facilities in the state. Its a very crowded hospital but is well organised. This hospital is part of Rapid Medical Action Force and they have an accident care.
City Hospital, Padma Junction, MG Rd, ☏ +91 484 2361809. 24 hr. A good hospital, with accident care facilities. It is famous for its orthopedics and paediatrics department.
Cochin Port Hospital, Willingdon Island, ☏ +91 484 2666403. 24/7. General medicine and has a large in-patient ward. Near to Kochi Port area, its regularly used by sailors. All certifications required for mariners and sailors are available from this hospital.
Gautham hospital, at Panayapilly, near Fort Kochi and Mattanchery, ☏ +91 484 2210510, +91 484 2210510, +91 484 4043457. 24/7. A major multi-speciality hospital in West Kochi. 24-hr casualty, accident and trauma unit, ambulance services and an ICU and other state of the art medical care.
Fyndmed Dental Care, Kochi, ☏ +91 9495865589, care@fyndmed.in. Affordable, Accessible and Approachable dental clinics in Kochi (updated Jul 2023)
Air Ambulance, ☏ +91 98 4544 6634, +91 99 8609 0451. Need to have prior booking
Amrita Jeevanraksha, ☏ +91 484 2801234, +91 484 2802100.
Emergency Medical Assistance, ☏ 1298.
Kochi Police Medical Assistance, ☏ +91 484 2366100, 100.
Lions Club Free Ambulance, ☏ +91 484 2354139.
NSS Community Free Ambulance, ☏ +91 484 2369920.
On-Road Accident Emergency Care Force, ☏ +91 98 4609 9900, +91 98 4600 7740.
Rapid Medical Action Force, ☏ 102.
Rotary Emergency Medical Force, ☏ +91 98 4706 0077.
Gautham Pharmacy, Panayapally, ☏ +91 484 2210514, +91 484 3096020.
Amritha Pharmacy, AIMS, Edappally, ☏ +91 484 4001055.
There are many 24-hour pharmacies near Medical Trust Hospital in Pallimukku.
The Area code for Cochin is 0484. If calling from outside India the format is +91 484 xxxxxxx. Almost all national telecommunication operators, operate in Kochi.
Mobile Services. If you require an Indian phone number it is strongly recommended that you get a pre-paid mobile connection. To do this you need a photocopy of your passport (including the visa and the ID pages), a colour photo, and (officially) proof of local address (in Kochi). Most star hotels allow you to use their address for this. In the event of not having address you can still get a pre-paid connection using your visa number, finger prints and in some cases providing passport size photographs.
Most of the mobile operators in India operate in Kochi, GSM as well as CDMA. Popular GSM service providers are BSNL Mobile, Vodafone, Idea Mobile, Aircel, MTS, Airtel, Tata DOCOMO, Uninor, Virgin Mobile GSM and Reliance GSM. Popular CDMA service providers are Tata Indicom, Reliance India Mobile and Virgin Mobile.
Public Telephony :- PCOs (Public Call Offices) are a good option. You will find them almost every 100 m. These are public pay-phones (post-pay) and there will be a person on the shop to take the payments. Check your bill generated (from the billing machine) and make the payment accordingly. Payments are always in Indian rupees (₹). Coin boxes are available everywhere where you can make local calls (within a radius of 10 km from the phone).
BSNL Calling cards are available in all stores, which is a prepaid calling card, that could be used in any phone, without charging the phone user. Vodafone World Cards and Airtel Globe cards are also another good option.
General &amp business telephone directory can be accessed by calling ☏ +91 484 4444444.
Toll free directory enquiry from BSNL landphones & BSNL Mobile is ☏ 197.
Kochi was one of the first places in India to be connected to the Internet. Being the landing site of 3 major international submarine network cables (FLAG, SEA-ME, SAFE) as well as focal point for most of the fiber-optic networks in South India. The city has good bandwidth at low rates.
There are plenty of internet centres which charge around ₹10 per hour. Some cafes in Convent Road as well as near Cochin University offer high speed net connectivity at ₹5 per hour. If you have laptop with wifi connection, you can roam anywhere with BSNL WiMax USB connection (speed around 40 Mbit/s to 512 Mbit/s), as Kochi has 4th generation Wimax. In addition to this, Kochi is also a network city with services provided by the 3rd Gen-EVDO BSNL network as well as 3G services of BSNL, Docomo and Reliance Mobile.
Most of the 3 Star hotels provide wifi connectivity. You require pre-paid connection cards of Tata Indicom or Reliance. The majority of hotels have Tata. Some hotels provide complementary wi-fi for the use of their guests.
India Post has offices throughout the city, generally open 8:30AM-5PM weekdays, 8:30AM-1PM Saturdays, closed Sundays. The Kochi Airport post office (in Departure side of International Area) is open 6AM-8:30PM on all weekdays and Saturdays. The General Post Office (GPO) is in MG Road (Opp. Avenue Regent) and in Edappally near High School. The Head Post Office (HPO) is at the Postal Complex, Hospital Road. The express (EMS Service) is available at the HPO and Edappally GPO, which is open 24 hrs on all days except the 5 state holidays. Service through EMS Postal service is very fast and reliable. Post boxes are available all over the city and daily clearance is at 10AM and 4:30PM. A postcard to anywhere in the world costs ₹20 (March 2018).
There are numerous of private courier companies operating in Kerala. FedEx, DHL, First Flight, UPS, DTDC and Aramex are some of leading private services.
Almost all the national newspapers have editions for Kochi. The major English language dailies are The Hindu (has a detailed city tabloid called Metroplus), The New Indian Express (the local City express along with this paper provides good insights of city happenings), The Times of India, The Pioneer, Hindustan Times and many popular Malayalam and Tamil newspapers. Being the seat of Cochin Stock Exchange and the financial hub of Kerala, lots of financial dailies in English are available in Kochi, like The Economic Times, The Business Standard, Businessline, and The Financial Express.
Lots of popular English magazines are available. Many American and British magazines like Forbes, Mirror etc. is available in many supermarkets and bookstalls. Popular Indian English magazines are India Today, The Week and The Frontline.
Kochi uses the British three-pin and two-pin circular socket that follows British standard 546 (230 V/50 Hz). Plug adapters are available at any hardware store.
Kochi has 15-20 public listed state holidays as else where in Kerala, when almost all government and a few private offices are closed. However, few holidays involve total closure of all commercial establishments. Please be aware that on these days most of the public transport options like bus, taxis and autos take a break. Beware of days declared as hartals, which are mass political strikes often involving a shutdown of the city. Attempting to travel in public routes could be dangerous without local information on the severity of the hartal. For the few holidays listed below, restaurants and food corners other than those operating inside hotels also close. Its always better to avoid these days, while planning holidays. The major holidays that Kochinites love to spend indoors are
Good Friday and Easter (April)
Thiruvonam - the main day for Onam celebrations (between August-Sept)
Vishu - the Malayalam New Year (14 or 15 April)
A few religious holidays listed below marks closure of all commercial establishments owned by members of that communities. However public transport works as usual.
Cheriya Perunal (Eid al-Fitr), Valiya Perunal (Eid al-Adha) and Muharram marks full closure of all Muslim owned establishments. All these firms take break for 3 hours from noon for Friday Juma Prayers.
Diwali, Holi and Navarathri marks private holiday season for almost all North Indian establishments, particularly in Mattancherry.
Saturdays, Hanukkah and Rosh Hashanah marks total closure of all Jewish establishments, particularly in Fort Kochi
Apart from these holidays, the Sunday laziness can make most of the establishments do not to function in the morning time, though many open by afternoon. The city bus services on Sundays are also limited, though other public transport like autos and taxis function normally.
Eloor Lending Library, Convent Junction (Near St. Theresa’s College), ☏ +91 484 2363539. Daily 10AM-8PM. Eloor Lending Library has mainly two membership options. Unlike other libraries, this library has a different way of lending books: when you take membership by paying ₹1,200 you can access books worth ₹1,800. When you pay ₹600 you can access books worth ₹900. Here you have to pay (an additional) 10% of the price of the books you take, as the reading charge.
EMS Co-operative Library, Mavelipuram, Kakkanad (Near Ernakulam District Co-Operative Bank), ☏ +91 484 2421988. M-Sa 1PM-7PM, Su 10AM-5PM. A well maintained library where subscribers can register by presenting proof of identity(non-residents of Ernakulam will have to pay 50% extra on admission and annual fees). There are many subscription plans (₹50 as admission fees, plus annual membership fees starting from ₹100). This library also has a park near it, though it is not very well maintained.
Ernakulam Public Library, Convent Rd (Opp. Shenoys Theater), ☏ +91 484 2351894. M-Sa 10AM-7PM, Su 10AM-5PM. The Ernakulam Public Library is one of the oldest public library in India started in 1839. Books could be rented for 2 weeks for various rental options ranging from ₹60 for four books to ₹15 for single book. A refundable caution deposit is required ranging between ₹1,000-250 depending upon membership class. There is a free reading room with good collection of all national and international newspapers and magazines. Try here if you like read some of the treasured archives or original historical manuscripts.
Just Books, Panampilly Nagar. a good library
Kochinites are particular about their hair styles and adopt almost all latest fashion. Thus there is no shortage of various hair salons charging from ₹50 up for the latest trends. Most of the budget saloons are found almost every part of the city, normally calling as Barber shops or Saloons. The middle range hair salons are mainly in MG Road, Palarivattom, Marine Drive and Edappally areas, offer haircuts with hair wash as well as other frills. For splurge, most of the premium beauty parlours and skin clinics are in Panampally Nagar, GCDA Nagar, Girinagar, SA Road and MG Road that offers various skin and hair treatment, all costing above ₹1,000.
Alappuzha (70 km) — (also called Alleppy) is famous for house boats, the heart of backwaters of Kerala with amazing maze of lagoons, backwaters, rivers, canals created by nature. ₹81 bus from the interstate bus stop.
Athirappilly Falls — milky waterfall in Chalakuddy 18 km from Cochin International Airport. This 80-foot-high waterfall at the threshold of the Sholayar ranges on the Western Ghats is a popular picnic spot. Two amusement parks, DreamWorld and SilverStorm, are nearby. The falls are referred to as the Niagara of India - you can spot two large falls reminiscent of the Bridal veil and Horseshoe falls at Niagara, and a smaller falls nearby. The falls are most famous for being shooting locations for popular Indian movies such as Ravan, Punnagai Mannan and Guru. From the entrance, a 5-minute walk leads to the head of the falls. From there, a walking path criss-crosses downward to the foot of the falls. The water falls into a deep well, making the location unseemingly dangerous, so the water area is off-limits to tourists. ₹15.
Bhoothathankettu (35 km) — scenic dam site with boating facilities is situated in a vast virgin forest. It is a popular picnic sport with Salim Ali Bird Sanctuary near by.
Guruvayur (102 km) - A Hindu religious town that attracts 6-10 million pilgrims every year.
Idukki (90 km) — a hilly region with lots of hill resorts, in Northern Travancore.
Kumarakom (40 km) — popular internationally known bird sanctuary on edge of a backwater island.
Kottayam (55 km) — The biggest spice trading hub famous for large churches, wild trekking and cultural monuments.
Muvattupuzha (30 km) — a small town famous for pineapple cultivation, historical orthodox churches, spice trading and rubber plantations.
Paniyeli Poru (55 km) — an unexplored beautiful scenic river bank
Thattekkad (45 km) — bird sanctuary near Kothamangalam, famous for a good boating and a wild picnic.
Thenmala (225 km) — famous for ecotourism, waterfalls, boating, adventure activities and a deer park.
Thiruvananthapuram — the capital city of Kerala, 5 hours away by train with many attractions such as Kovalam beach, Neyyar dam, Ananthapadmanabhan temple and East fort.
Thrissur (60 km) — cultural heart of Kerala famous for various cultural monuments, temples and grandest festival- Thrissur Pooram.
Wagamon (50 km) — famous for pristine forests, small rapids, vast green meadows, its also known as Scotland of Asia.
This city travel guide to Kochi has guide status. It has a variety of good, quality information including hotels, restaurants, attractions and travel details. Please contribute and help us make it a star!