View from the 'Grund' up to the Old Town
The city of Luxembourg is the capital of the namesake country, and with a population just above 130,000 it is the second smallest national capital of the European Union, after Malta's Valletta. Very different in character from the bustling metro areas of the continent, Luxembourg is defined by its hilly location and abrupt cliff faces afforded by the deep and narrow valley of the rivers Alzette and Petrusse it was built upon. The city has historically been an inconquerable fortress, which led it to be nicknamed the "Gibraltar of the North".
Luxembourg may not feature on most tourists' bucket lists, but it sees a very generous share of incoming visitors every year for a city of that size. This is due to its importance in the European financial sector, with many banks and institutions having their headquarters or subsidiaries there. Moreover, as one of the founding members of the European Union, Luxembourg hosts a number of EU institutions. Finally, Luxembourg has favourable taxation regulations for international holding companies, so that many multinationals locate their European seats there. This all makes the small city have a very upscale and business feel, and the tourist industry there is geared towards the business traveller.
Tourism information, 6, rue Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, ☏ +352 428 2821. (updated Jan 2024)
Luxembourg is officially divided into 24 quarters. Some of those of interest to tourists:
Ville Haute ("High City") — the medieval town core. Home to cafés, restaurants, and high street shops.
Grund (Ville Basse) ("Low City") — situated in the gorge that cuts across the city and the most picturesque area.
Gare ("Station") — the location of the train station, a 15-min walk south of Ville Haute and home to many restaurants and cafés.
Kirchberg - a modern quarter across the Grand Duchess Charlotte Bridge in the north east of the City. The cityside eastern area of Kirchberg is home to many European Union institutions including the Court of Justice of the European Union, European Court of Auditors, parts of the European Commission, the Secretariat of the European Parliament and the European Investment Bank. The western end of the Kirchberg plateau is home to Luxembourg's thriving international financial services district. The Mudam modern art museum, the Philharmonie and the Dräi Eechelen fortress are near the Place de l'Europe beside the impressive EU institutions buildings.
Hollerich — a formerly independent commune which was a prominent industrial site within Luxembourg. The remains of the industrial heritage are still to be seen around it.
Getting into the country of Luxembourg basically means getting into the City of Luxembourg, as all major connections to Luxembourg terminate there. Follow the advice given in our guide to the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.
Findel Airport is modern and efficient
The Cargolux fleet of 747 jumbo jet freighters dominate all other aircraft at Findel
Luxembourg is served by the  Findel Airport (LUX IATA) (in Sandweiler, a municipality just northeast of the city). Despite the relatively small population of Luxembourg City, the local airport is quite well connected within Europe, and it has the largest airport in the greater Euroregion of SaarLorLux. (updated May 2023)
The airport is dominated by the country's flag carrier, Luxair, which operates a network of connections to most European capital cities, along with flights to major international transport hubs such as Milan and Frankfurt. Additionally, Luxembourg has direct flights to many holiday destinations in the Mediterranean, particularly for seasonal summer flights. This is complemented by some of the Star Alliance European members flying singular connections to Findel from their hubs. Luxair is not a Star Alliance member, but was partially owned by the Alliance's founding partner Lufthansa and shares its frequent flyer programme with them. Oneworld and Skyteam offer few connections to Luxembourg, but there is growing traffic from some regional and low-fare airlines.
Interestingly, while its passenger traffic is largely limited to flights within Europe and around the Mediterranean, Findel Airport is the base and a major hub for cargo airline Cargolux and Qatar Airways Cargo. Cargolux and other major international cargo airlines fly in huge intercontinental jets in and out of Findel daily.
Getting to the city from Findel Airport
There are regular buses to the city center (bus 16, about 15 minutes), the train station (bus 16 and 29, about 20 minutes), and Kirchberg, the European district (bus 16, 10 minutes). Buses to the city center and train station run at least every 10 minutes (15 minutes on Sunday). Bus number 16 runs to the front of the station (Stop: Gare Centrale), and bus number 29 runs to the rear of the station (Stop: Gare Rocade). The bus stop is on an island across the street on the left as you exit the airport.
The Luxembourg City tram will be extended to the airport in 2024, which will directly connect the airport to the center of the European institutions in the suburb of Kirchberg.
An alternative to flying into Luxembourg, which may be costly and time-consuming from some locations in Europe, is taking a low-fare flight with the likes of Ryanair or WizzAir to either Charleroi in Belgium, and transferring to Luxembourg from there. Luxembourg City can also be reached from Brussels Airport (~ hours) and Frankfurt Airport (~4 hours). Reaching both airports requires one change of train and costs about €30 per person, one way (2023 prices).
Luxembourg's train station in its current form dates from 1907-1913
The Gare seen from the platforms' side
The imposing neobaroque  Gare Lëtzebuerg. the country's main railway station, adorned with a clock tower and huge windows is Luxembourg's main train station. It is relatively well served by connections from neighbouring countries. The railway station can be reached by the tram and most local buses. The city centre is within walking distance (around  km). The train station has a restaurant and a large newsagents, as well as a left luggage office (flat fee of €5 per bag) on platform 1. The train station is immediately adjacent to the long distance bus station as well.
The domestic train operator CFL has EuroCity-class trains going to Paris and Brussels
CFL connects Gare Lëtzebuerg with pretty much every other station within the country of Luxembourg
The Belgian SNCB/NMSB also has trains connecting Luxembourg with Bruxelles-Midi. Some trains continue to Strasbourg in France and Basel in Switzerland
Deutsche Bahn operates the IC35 Ostfriesland from Luxembourg through Koblenz, Cologne, Dusseldorf and Münster
Additionally, Deutsche Bahn's regional services operate the DeLux Express from Luxembourg to Trier
The French SNCF operates a high-speed TGV train from Gare de l'Est in Paris to Luxembourg. There is also a slower Intercite connection via Nancy all the way south to Nice
TER Lorraine line 1 goes from Nancy via Metz and Thionville to Luxembourg.
There are two bus stations (for lack of a better term)
The central railway station has some services to towns in neighboring countries, including Saarbrücken (1h15, line L40).
The P+R Bouillon parking, located in the southwest of the city, is the Flixbus hub for Luxembourg, allowing connections to hundreds of cities throughout Europe. It is, however, poorly connected to the rest of the city.
49°36′27″N 6°7′52″EMap of Luxembourg (city)
View of Grund overlooked by Old Town
The best way to get around Luxembourg is by foot, bike, tram and bus. As of 1 March 2020, all public transport will be free in the whole country, thus also in the capital city.
Due to the city's small size and beautiful scenery, by foot is also the best way to appreciate it. In a few hours (or dividing your trip in two days) you can get to know the whole historical city on foot.
Luxembourg city has quite significant height differences. To overcome these, there are two lifts (free access); the most useful for tourists between Grund and Plateau du St. Esprit in the high city, and another one between Parc Pescatore and Pfaffenthal. In addition, there's a funicular between Pfaffenthal and Kirchberg.
Busesdead link serve all quarters. They run frequently (usually every 10-15 minutes during weekdays, less often on Saturdays and especially Sundays). The most useful bus stops for tourists are Gare Centrale at the train station and Hamilius in the city centre. Almost all buses include the section between Gare Centrale and Hamilius in their routes, leading to a bus on this section about every 2 minutes.
Since 29 February 2020, public transport is free across the entirety of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.
The city operates a self-service bike scheme and the stations can be found in various locations around the city centre. You first need to get a pass which can be obtained from one of the terminals at the bike stations. A 7-day pass costs €1 and gives you every first 30 min for free. Each additional hour costs €1 for a maximum total of €5 for 24 hr. For more information check the Ville de Luxembourg (VDL) website.
The tramway operates a single line, which reached the central rail station in December 2020 and is to be extended to the airport in 2024. The tram is, like the buses, free.
The pedestrianized old town is where the greatest concentration of (rather expensive) shops as well as bars and restaurants are to be found. Specific sights are few but all around town you can spot details that remind you of Luxembourg's historical value.
The Bock. The rock on which the first castle stood, founded in 963 by Sigefroy (Sigfried). It is tied to a number of other remains of the old fortifications. Among others, the famous fortress builder Vauban built much in the city.
Bock Casemates, ☏ +352 222809. A network of underground fortifications, built in the 18th century. The fortifications and environs are recognized as a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Eglise St. Michel (On the road from the inner city to the Bock). This church took on its present form in 1688, but was probably built in the early 14th century. It was restored during 2003 and 2004.
National Museum of History and Art (Musée national d'histoire et d'art). A very diverse museum, organized around the four departments of archaeology, coins and medals, decorative art, and fine art. Free for permanent collections, but temporary exhibitions may have a cost. (updated Jul 2018)Grand Ducal Palace
Grand Ducal Palace (Just off the Place Guillaume). Fully restored during the 1990s. It also houses the Luxembourgish Parliament the Chamber of Deputies. The palace is open for a period of 6 weeks over July and August whilst the Grand Duke and his family are away on their holidays. Guided tours last for about 1 hr, are inexpensive, and are available in various languages, including English. Tickets are available from the tourist office in Place de Guillaume II.
Le Chemin de la Corniche. Pedestrian promenade along the rim of the Alzette gorge, described as Europe's most beautiful balcony. Cathedrale de Notre Dame
Luxembourg City Museum (Musée d'histoire de la Ville de Luxembourg). Museum about the history of the City of Luxembourg. The entire 1,000-year history is covered, though there is more emphasis on the social and economic history of the period after Luxembourg emerged as a fully independent state in the 19th and 20th centuries. Text displays are all in English, in addition to French and German.
dead link Cathedrale de Notre Dame. Built between 1613 and 1618 by Jesuits and was elevated to the status of cathedral in 1870. Nearby is the Gëlle Fra: literally 'Golden Lady'. This is a golden figure of a woman holding a wreath, a symbol of victory. It was taken down by the Nazis during occupation but stands today as a memorial to those who gave their lives in World War II. (updated Apr 2015)
Pétrusse Casemates (Nearby Gëlle Fra and Place de la Constitution). Constructed by the Spanish in 17th century. They are not as large as the Bock Casements.
Hotel de Ville (City Hall).
Place Guillaume II (near the Hamilius bus station). Place Guillaume (also known in Luxembourgish as the "Knuedler") is the venue for a market every Wednesday and Saturday. It is also the site of an equestrian statue of William II of the Netherlands and Luxembourg and the neo-classical Town Hall which is fronted by two bronze lions. (updated Oct 2019)
Place d'Armes (near the Hamilius bus station). In summer months the Place d'Armes is filled with tables and chairs from the surrounding cafes and at the centre of the square is the bandstand around which various concert seasons are based.
Casino Luxemburg. Contemporary art forum with changing exhibitions.
Pfaffenthal Lift. (updated Jul 2018)
Grund, with Neumunster Abbey in the front
Grund. The Alzette, thought it is very small now, because the sandstone of the area is very soft, it dug out a huge valley. This is called the Ville Basse and is a spectacular area particularly the Grund (Statgrond) which is well worth the time to take a stroll around. The old fortress surrounded this valley. The Venceslas walk (named after Venceslas, Czech king and count of Luxembourg who built much of the fortresses around) leads along the fortresses, protecting the city on one side (and now forming one of the most spectacular "balconies", the Corniche) and the fortress of the Raam plateau on the other.
Neumünster Abbey. Now a cultural and encounter center with a nice church and the old St. John's hospital.
National Museum of Natural History (Nationalmusée fir Naturgeschicht). Splendid expositions on minerals, animals, evolution, etc. There is a temporary exposition on animals by night (until August 4, 2019) Adults €5. (updated Jun 2019)
The Kirchberg area. This area houses a number of banks and most of the European institutions in Luxembourg (Parliament, Court of Justice, Court of Auditors, European Investment Bank and some of the Commission's Directorate Generals). A number of buildings were built by celebrated architects like Richard Meyer, Dominique Perrault and Gottfried Benn. Some modern sculptures also appear between the buildings. Most of the European Institutions hold annual open days. Many of the banks, EU institutions and other offices open their doors to the public once a year to allow access to their extensive art collections.
MUDAM (Musée d'Art Moderne Grand-Duc Jean), 3, Park Dräi Eechelen (Kirchberg, buses 1, 3, 6, Eurobus). Designed by I.M. Pei of "Louvre Pyramid" fame, this museum showcases Luxembourgish artists and changing international exhibitions. The nonlinear (and rather confusing) building is half the fun, and on a quiet weekday afternoon in the off season you'll pretty much have the place to yourself. €5.
Musée Dräi Eechelen. Free of charge museum about the history of the Luxembourg Fortress inside an 18th century fort. (updated Jul 2018)
Pfaffenthal–Kirchberg funicular. (updated Jul 2018)
Bank Museum (Musée de la Banque), 1, Place de Metz. M-F 09:00-17:30. Free. (updated Feb 2016)
Am Tunnel, 16, rue Ste Zithe. M-F 09:00-17:30, Su 14:00-18:00. Art exhibitions inside a tunnel accessible through the headquarters of Luxembourg's savings bank. Free. (updated Jul 2017)
World War II Luxembourg American Cemetery and Memorial. Open daily 09:00-17:00, except for Christmas and New Years Day.. In the eastern section of Luxembourg City, just south of the airport. The cemetery is the final resting place for 5,076 American military dead, most lost during the Battle of the Bulge. It is also the final resting place for General George Patton. A monument is inscribed with the names of 371 Americans whose remains were never found or identified. Two large stone pylons with operations maps made of inlaid granite describe the achievements of American armed forces in the region during World War II. Free.
Cemetery for German soldiers at Sandweiler (Deutscher Soldatenfriedhof), L-5280 Sandweiler, ☏ +352 35 50 07. A World War II cemetery in Sandweiler, in southern Luxembourg. It contains the graves of 10,913 German servicemen from the Battle of the Bulge in winter 1944 and spring 1945. It is  km from the Luxembourg American Cemetery and Memorial. Devoted to the fallen German soldiers from one of the bloodiest battles of World War II. A touching memorial.
Tramways and Bus Museum (Musée de tramways et de bus de la Ville de Luxembourg). The Museum is next door to the AVL bus depot in Hollerich Free. (updated Jul 2018)
Football: since 2021 the men's national soccer team play at Stade de Luxembourg (capacity 9400) 4 km south of city centre - a tram line is expected to reach it in 2024. It replaced Josy Barthel stadium, which is due for demolition. Racing-Union play in National League, the country's top tier, with home games at Stade Achille Hammerel (capacity 5800) in the city's Verlorenkost district.
Schueberfouer, Glacis. Held every year in 2 weeks during end of August and early September, this huge funfair with roots dating back to the 14th century attracts enormous crowds. As well as the many stomach churning rides there are numerous places to eat and drink to your heart's content. An important date in the social calendar of young Luxembourgers.
National Holiday. While not, despite its official name, the birthday of the current Grand Duke (or any preceding for that matter), June 23 is the country's national day. All-night street parties, fireworks and parades are enjoyed by seemingly the entire population of the country on the evening preceding the holiday.
Kinepolis Kirchberg. Largest multiplex cinema in the country, with restaurants and bars on the ground floor.
Philharmonie Luxembourg. Classical concerts.
Grand Théâtre de Luxembourg. Major venue for drama, opera and ballet. (updated Jun 2017)
Swing Dance Luxembourg. Social dance on Mondays. During the summer it is outdoors in various locations; at other times it is at Scott’s Pub in Grund. (updated Jul 2018)
For information, guidance and ideas, head over to the websites of the UCVL (Luxembourg City Trade Association) and Goodidea.lu.
Cityshopping Info Point, Place D'Armes. Luxembourg takes promoting shopping in the city very seriously to the point that the Luxembourg City Trade Association and the authorities opened an information point in the very centre to provide guidance and suggestions regarding all your possible shopping needs and interests.
Smets Luxury Outlet, Rue Beaumont 20. M 11:00-18:30, Tu-Sa 10:00-18:30. Pascaline Smets operates the family-owned business of multiple high-end boutiques throughout Luxembourg, offering the best fashion brands. Whatever doesn't sell by the end of the season, however, ends up at her luxury outlet in rue Beaumont, where you can fetch a bargain with your favourite label.
Ernster, rue du Fossé 27. M-Sa 09:00-18:30. A family business operating for over a century, the Ernster bookstore grew to be a five-storey paradise for bookworms with a wide selection of books in many languages, as well as a special section for children. Apart from the main store, you can find Ernster in the Belle Etoile shopping centre and in several other locations throughout the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.
Monthly Market in Glacis. Every 3rd Sunday of the month. Every month in the expansive Glacis square in Limpertsberg a market takes place, which is a mixture of a flea market, a farmer's market and some local arts & crafts. Browse and enjoy the best Luxembourg has to offer if you are in the city for the date.
Weekly Market in Bonnevoie. Every Wednesday, 07:00-13:30. Bonnevoie hosts a weekly market every Wednesday in front of the parish church
Market in Place de Paris, Place de Paris. W and Sa 07:00-13:30. The Gare quarter holds markets in Place de Paris twice a week.
Market in Place Guillaume II. W and Sa 07:00-13:30. Place Guillaume II plays host to a market twice a week.
lët’z go local. The organisation with the jocular name seeks to promote local Luxembourgish produce of all kinds, be it food, drinks, fashion, design or even leisure services. They organize markets multiple times every year in varying locations in Luxembourg to showcase the offer of their members.
Kirchberg Shopping Centre (Auchan Kirchberg), Rue Alphonse Weicker 5. A mixed-use complex, containing offices, a large shopping gallery anchored by a bi-level Auchan hypermarket, and a restaurant plaza. (updated Mar 2020)
Home to a surprisingly high number of Michelin star establishments, the city houses many fine eateries. Luxembourg also has a very large population of Italians who came to the country in the late 19th century so pizzerias in Luxembourg are always very reliable and frequent. For something cheap and quick the Place d'Armes is the best bet.
KUMPIR The Happy Potato, Entrée Parking, Pl. du Théâtre. The front counter lady is very kind and introduces you to all the dishes. Delicious baked potato with many kind of toppings. During summer the tables outside are nice. They have other options if you don’t want to eat the potato. Suitable for vegetarians and vegans. (updated May 2022)
Nirvana Café, 1 Av. de la Gare. The staff is so dedicated and kind. The dish of the day deal is excellent for vegan backpackers. The portion sizes are huge. The food is really tasty, Recommended is the chapati. Great lunch spot close to the train station. Delicious Indian food. (updated Jan 2023)
Brasserie Place "Russian Cafe", 11 Rue de Bonnevoie. Delicious food just like home. Some vegetarian options available. The service is very attentive. Always amazing quality food. Blini are hot and crispy, and pelmeni are tasty. Bortsch may be a bit oversavoury. Very local atmosphere. Nice cafe serving Russian cuisine. Large portions. (updated Jan 2023)
Café Santos Ribeiro, 70 Rue d'Anvers. Canteen with Portuguese and a little international food. Lots of people from Luxembourg who like to eat well. Great place to eat lunch. Fast and delicious service. Family cooking. It feels like being in Portugal. (updated Jan 2023)
Café Mr Dixon, 5 Rue des Bains. There is an alternative Luxembourg and this bistro is proof of that. From the decor to the eclectic clientele, there is always a cheerfully crazy atmosphere and a brilliantly improbable random playlist: it's from Gloria Gaynor to AC/DC, without transition. The burgers are great. Delicious brunch. (updated Jan 2023)
Snack Hakan, 16 Av. Victor Hugo. Clean and delicious mashamlah. The cheeseburger is very good. Best kebab. The owner is very customer oriented and very welcoming. Consistently good quality. The meat is tender and well seasoned. It's one of the best addresses for skewers in Luxembourg. (updated Jan 2023)
Breaktime Kebab Grill - Gare, 51 Av. de la Liberté. Very good kebab. Good options. Fresh and good ingredients. The boss and his employees are super friendly and courteous, it's always clean. The service is quite fast. (updated Jan 2023)
La Fontaine, 25, place de Paris, ☏ +352 494076. One of a number of affordable bistros clustered around place de Paris. The quadrilingual menus run the gamut from pizza and mussels to Luxembourgish classics like judd mat gaardebounen (smoked pork neck with broad beans), and there are daily specials. (updated May 2022)
Mousel's Cantine, 46, Montée de Clausen, ☏ +352 470198. Great local plates on the site of the former Mousel brewery. Wash down huge portions of pork knee and broad beans with tankards of Mousel lager. (updated May 2022)
Glow - meal by meal, 2 Rue Xavier de Feller. Delicious vegan food. Very popular so it's recommended to book a table. Space with indoor seating, and outdoor as well so you can soak up the sun. (updated Feb 2023)
Taj Mahal, 2, rue de Strasbourg, ☏ +352 40 59 41. By anyone's standards, a fantastic curry house serving rich and delicious Indian food. Very friendly staff too. Well worth making the short trip from the centre to this restaurant located near the station. (updated May 2022)
Restaurant Clairefontaine, 9 Pl. de Clairefontaine. This restaurant is at the foundation of exceptional dining. A pleasant gastronomic interlude in a magnificent setting. Creative dishes presented artfully by an exceptionally attentive staff. The quality of the lunch seduces you. (updated Aug 2022)
Les Jardins d'Anaïs, 2 Pl. Sainte-Cunégonde. The beautiful environment, perfect service and delicious food makes it a truly spectacular experience. Your taste buds will thank you for a long time as the dishes you will taste are magical. Let yourself also be guided by the wines to accompany your meal, you will be welcomed to the vineyards. The garden seating has a view towards the heart of town, you feel like sitting in the middle of the countryside. (updated Aug 2022)
Luxembourg is a decent place to have a drink. Owing to the number of ex-pats who live in Luxembourg there are a wide variety of establishments in addition to the Luxembourgish bars. Pubs in Luxembourg tend to be a traditional affair, although more modern bars, and English or Irish themed pubs have also become the norm. Luxembourg is a low-key capital city and is generally not the best place for big nights out, although during the months of warmer weather it can have its moments. English themed pubsdead link
formerly dead link Britannia Pub, Rue de Clausen 1342. A favourite watering hole of local English ex-pats. Good place for watching football and rugby.
Decibel (Gare), 42-44 Rue de Hollerich, ☏ +352 27 36 53 35, gareth@decibel.lu. A music bar in a courtyard alongside other bars and restaurants off the lively rue de Hollerich, an eclectic range of music can be heard here and Decibel has one of the widest range of Belgian beers in the city on tap and in bottles. It is run by Irish people so the Guinness is decent as well.
The Black Stuff (Pulvermuhl), 15 Val de Hamm, ☏ +352 42 54 96, info@blackstuff.lu. The Black Stuff is an Irish pub on the outskirts of the city that is popular with ex-pats and locals alike. In the winter the log fire makes the cosy back room a good option to enjoy a Guinness or a hot port, the terrace is popular in the summer. It is a popular place to watch Football and rugby and the best place in Luxembourg to watch televised Gaelic Football and Hurling.
Pygmalion, Rue de la Tour Jacob 19. Or the Pyg, an Irish pub and the best of the English, Scottish, Irish triumvirate in Clausen. Pub quizzes every other Monday.
Crossfire. A Scandinavian pub off Ave. de la Liberté, small and friendly.
Scott's. No. 4, Bisserwee (down in the Grund). A common place for a drink (or two).
Urban, Rue de la Boucherie 2. A refreshingly modern bar that has a wide mix of clientèle. Although often overcrowded it is a great place to start a night out. Urban also has live music every Sunday evening and has sporting events shown on two massive plasma screens.
The Tube. Subterranean, London Underground-themed bar. International young crowd and great tunes for various tastes. Gets extremely packed late on Fridays and Saturdays and overspills into the street during warmer months.
Vis-a-vis, Rue Beaumont 2 (Near Place d'Armes), ☏ +352 46 03 26. Hang out with the locals in this charming little Luxembourgish bar. Cheaper than a lot of other watering holes found in the city.
Café des Artistes (Grund). Smokey little Luxembourg piano bar illuminated by candlelight.
Melusina, Rue de la Tour Jacob 145. Has a large main room with a balcony. It also has another couple of rooms at the back of the club which are worth a look.
formerly dead link Magnum. It's near the big parking lot (Glacis) just outside of the centre, but worth the walk there. No heels are too high and no skirts/shorts are too short here.
Coco Mango, Boulevard d'Avranches 40 (at the Sofitel Grand Ducal). The bar of hotel Sofitel Grand Ducal enjoys some of the best views over the city. Pop in for a drink and enjoy!
The seat of Banque et caisse d'épargne de l'Etat at Place de Metz
For a city of its size, Luxembourg has a hotel room supply that is more than ample, thanks to the large number of business travellers visiting the city. Therefore, the industry is geared mostly towards them and consists largely of mid- to high-standard business hotels.
Camping Bon Accueil. In Alzingen 4 km to the south of the city. 100 pitches. Adult €4, kid €2, pitch €5.
Luxembourg Youth Hostel, 2, rue du Fort Olisy, ☏ +352 22 68 89 20. A nice clean hostel with a friendly atmosphere, 10 minutes on the bus from the city centre. € per bed in a shared dorm, discount with HI membership. Breakfast free, other meals €.
Hotel Empire, 34, place de la Gare. Across from central station. Small rooms, but cheap and a good location. July 2011 prices were €65 for single occupancy, €75 for double. Has indoor storage for bikes as well as an air compressor and tool kit. Breakfast included.
ibis Budget Luxembourg Airport (formerly Etap), Route de Trèves. This is an older ibis Budget (blue rooms) next to the Findel Airport, which provides the most basic standards for some of the lowest rates in Luxembourg.
Campanile Hotel Luxembourg Aéroport, Route de Trèves 22. The Luxembourg Airport Campanile offers the familiar basic comforts to motorized travellers.
ibis Hotel Luxembourg Aeroport, Route de Trèves. An old and worn "red-pillow" ibis beside the ibis Budget, offering marginally higher comfort at slightly higher rates.
ibis Styles Luxembourg Centre Gare. The "green-pillow" ibis Styles is one of the hotels filling up almost the entire block in front of Luxembourg's train station (although the hotel does not face the station, but rather the narrow Rue Junck leading up to it). Everything in the hotel is on the small side, but breakfasts are always included in the room rates.
The Grand Hotel Alfa is one of the oldest hotels in Luxembourg
Grand Hotel Cravat, Boulevard Roosevelt 29 (a few steps off the Place Guillaume II, in front of the Monument de Souvenir). Slightly worn but comfortable midrange hotel.
Christophe Colomb, 10, Rue d'Anvers, Gare (close to the train station), ☏ +352 4084141. €100.
NH Luxembourg, Route de Trèves 1. Luxembourg's NH is an airport hotel, within walking distance of the Findel Airport terminal buildings (although walking through the traffic arrangement around the airport is not recommended). Its common spaces such as the gym, restaurant and conference rooms directly overlook the apron and runway. Otherwise, it is a fairly standard NH hotel.
Mercure Grand Hotel Alfa, Place de la Gare 16. The historic Grand Hotel Alfa, opposite Luxembourg's train station, now operates as a Mercure. The hotel is slightly dated on the inside, with historic common spaces preserved and room decor that will make you want to go to sleep quickly.
Novotel Luxembourg Centre, Rue Du Laboratoire 35. The Novotel is in Bonnevoie, next door to Sofitel Grand Ducal. Unfortunately, it faces away from the Alzette, so there is not much of a view, but the hotel is quite modern and follows the usual Novotel standard.
Suite Novotel Luxembourg, Av. J.F. Kennedy 13. Offers facilities appropriate for long-term stays of guests working for the many institutions in Kirchberg. Each room has a living space and a kitchenette. This is one of the new generation of Suite Novotels, appointed to evoke a modern, clean experience.
DoubleTree by Hilton Luxembourg, Rue Jean Engling 12. The DoubleTree is on a woody hill in Dommedagne, north of the city, in a quite remote location. There is a bus stop down the road, a bit of a walk away, though. The hotel is very nicely appointed, leaving nothing but a better location to be desired.
Novotel Luxembourg Kirchberg, Rue du Fort Niedergruenewald 6. The Novotel in Kirchberg is a low-rise one in an office park, surrounded by office buildings, as well as the Sofitel Europe and Suite Novotel. The hotel is pretty standard for a Novotel, yet there is not much in the way of family entertainment that Novotel prides itself for, not even a pool.
Park Inn by Radisson Luxembourg City, Avenue de la Gare 45-47. A modern Park Inn in the vicinity of the train station with one of the most consistent applications of the brand's basic colours scheme, down to the coffee cups.
Best Western Plus Grand Hotel Victor Hugo, Avenue Victor Hugo 3-5. A fairly characterless but solid hotel in the north of the city.
Sofitel Luxembourg Europe. An Accor Hotels group luxury property in Plateau de Kirchberg, in the North European Quarter. Comfortable beds and a famous Italian restaurant.
Hôtel Albert Premier, 2a, Rue Albert Premier 1er, ☏ +352 442 4421, fax: +352 447 441, AlbertILA@ila-chateau.com. Elegant four-star hotel close to the old city and Central railway station. 42 rooms with en-suite bathrooms, restaurant, internet access, sauna, fitness room, garage, meeting facilities. €150-480.
Sofitel Luxembourg Le Grand Ducal, Boulevard D'avranches 40. The other Sofitel is in the quarter of North Bonnevoie-Verlorenkost, with a location affording brilliant vistas of the Alzette river Valley and the old town of Luxembourg. Of particular note in terms of views are the top-floor bar and restaurant. The hotel is appointed in a very modern theme, contrasting with the classic Sofitel Europe.
Melia Luxembourg, Park Dräi Eechelen 1. Beside the MUDAM in the Quartier Europeene Sud. It is an interesting work of modern architecture outside and inside.
Try to show respect for the local language and make some effort to say a word or two of it even if it's just the standard greeting "Moien". In restaurants and high-end service establishments the personnel are generally expected to serve you in French, so if you speak French, do use it.
Luxembourg City is safer than most other European capital cities, and it is rare to encounter any physical threat. Nevertheless, extra vigilance is required in and around the train station (especially late at night), which contains a handful of seedy clubs and prostitutes, mainly in the Bonnevoie neighborhood, on the rue de Strasbourg, and all surrounding streets. You will also encounter people panhandling in this area.
Netherlands, 6, rue Sainte Zithe, ☏ +35 222 75 70, fax: +35 24 030 16, lux@minbuza.nl. M-F 09:00-12:30. (updated Nov 2018)
Romania, 2 rue de Pulvermühl, ☏ +352 26 45 81 64, luxemburg@mae.ro. (updated Dec 2021)
United Kingdom, 5, Boulevard Joseph II, ☏ +352 22 98 64, fax: +352 22 98 67, consularsection.luxembourg@fco.gov.uk. Consular services are only provided by appointment, which can be booked online via their website. (updated Nov 2018)
United States, 22 Boulevard Emmanuel Servais, ☏ +352 46 01 23, fax: +352 46 14 01. M-F 08:30-17:30.
The city has 5G from all Luxembourg carriers.
Metz (France) - By train is €.
This city travel guide to Luxembourg is a usable article. It has information on how to get there and on restaurants and hotels. An adventurous person could use this article, but please feel free to improve it by editing the page.