Nuremberg (German: Nürnberg) is Franconia's largest city, and its undisputed economic, social and cultural centre. The city lies on the Pegnitz River and the Main-Danube Canal. Within the city limits Nuremberg has a population of about 520,000 (2018), making it the second-biggest city in the Bundesland Bavaria and the biggest city in the region of Franconia. Greater Nuremberg including its suburbs has a population of  million. The Metropolitan Region Nuremberg which extends to cities like Bamberg or Ansbach has a population of  million.
Castle with "Heimlicher Wächtergang", Sinwell Tower and Walpurgis Chapel
Long a de facto independent "freie Reichstadt", the city was an early centre of manufacturing and proto-industry and had a golden era during the 16th century when people like Albrecht Dürer, Hans Sachs and Martin Behaim called the city home. Annexed into Bavaria in the early 19th century, the city later came to host Germany's first railway, linking it with neighbouring Fürth (this railway has since been replaced first by a tram and then by a subway line; the current rail line to Fürth follows a different alignment). It is probably most famous for being the site of numerous Nazi rallies and later the trials against the main war criminals. Extensively bombed as an industrial centre and a symbol of Nazism, Nuremberg was rebuilt after the war and thus managed to retain much of its medieval charm.
When people think of Nuremberg, they usually think of gingerbread, toys, Christmas, the Reich Party Rally Grounds or the Nuremberg Trials (see World War II in Europe and Holocaust remembrance). But the old town of Nuremberg in the shadow of the towering imperial castle is more than that. Gothic churches, splendid patricians' houses and romantic corners and spots. An atmosphere of lively co-existence between medieval and modern, between the past and the present, prevails in Nuremberg. In medieval and early modern times, Nuremberg was a rich centre for trade and early industry and it is no coincidence that the first railway in what is now Germany was built to link Nuremberg and Fürth. Despite World War II destroying much of it, the city's former wealth is still visible. And with its position on the crossroads of two major Autobahn and railway routes, the old saying "Nürnberger Tand geht in alle Land" (stuff from Nuremberg goes everywhere) still rings true.
First mentioned in a document dating to 1050 (like other German cities without a clearly established founding date, Nuremberg uses its first mention in an official document as the basis for anniversaries) Nuremberg grew mostly around the castle ("Burg") which was initially dominated by local nobles and came into the possession of the Hohenzollern, an originally Swabish noble family that would later go on to acquire Brandenburg/Prussia and from 1871 even the imperial crown of the entire German state. While Nuremberg for the most part remained loyal to the Emperor, the wealthy merchants ("Patrizier") did not like interference of noble houses into their politics and eventually managed to "buy out" the Hohenzollern, who however kept possession of the areas around Ansbach and Bayreuth in two separate lines until the 18th century.
Being granted the title of "Freie Reichsstadt" and thus nominally subject to the emperor but otherwise self-governing, Nuremberg became a centre of arts, manufacturing and trade with names such as Martin Behaim (inventor of the pocket watch) Albrecht Dürer (famous painter and polymath) or Hans Sachs (poet and singer) standing pars pro toto for the leading position Nuremberg had in the late 15th to early 16th century. However, the emergence of Transatlantic trade (for which Nuremberg was ill positioned being inland) and ruinous wars with other regional powers led to a decline of Nuremberg and it became a city living off its glorious past for a while.
When the Bavarian Kings offered to take over the considerable debt Nuremberg had amassed while also ending the existence of the Reichsstadt, the notables did not hesitate much to take up the offer. Still, Nuremberg's craftsmanship and potential for innovation served it well in the beginning industrial revolution and it was here that Germany's first railway (built and piloted by Englishmen though it was) started operation in 1835. The Nuremberg toy industry also got a boost from the ability to export across the entire world with the new transportation methods and the town re-acquired considerable wealth as evidenced by some 19th century construction.
Nuremberg also became one of the first bastions of the labor movement, electing some of the first social democrats to the Reichstag and despite being governed by a left leaning liberal during the Weimar Republic being known as reliably "red". However, the Nazis soon discovered Nuremberg and local antisemite Julius Streicher would publish Der Stürmer, a newspaper known for antisemititic propaganda. The Nazis also built their huge rallying grounds in the southeast of the city, heavily featured in Triumph of the Will, their landmark propaganda film. If you've seen images of a huge Nazi rally with Hitler speaking, chances are those are from this movie and thus shot in Nuremberg. Nuremberg was thus an obvious target for allied bombing raids and the burning Nuremberg could be seen at night as far away as Bayreuth.
After the war, rebuilding was the first order of the day and the Americans who had conquered the city blew up a huge swastika above the Rallying Grounds, which are now used for vehicle parking, especially buses and coaches. Nuremberg soon re-acquired its reputation as a "red" city and elected an uninterrupted string of social democratic mayors until 1996 and again from 2002 to 2020 when the centre-right to right wing party that dominates Bavarian politics controlled the mayoralty. One of the biggest changes in postwar Nuremberg was the construction of the subway. While Nuremberg had had a tram network since the 1880s, the contemporary decision in Munich to build a subway led longtime mayor Andreas Uhrschlechter to follow suit. He planned to shut down the trams once the subway had reached a sufficient extent. The subway construction also unearthed some parts of the city wall which can be seen near Frauentormauer.
The second half of the twentieth century and the early twenty first century was also economically turbulent. While the Wirtschaftswunder ("economic miracle") of the 1950s saw economic growth in Nuremberg, there was later a period of deindustrialization, leaving many once notable companies in the area like Quelle, Grundig or AEG bankrupt. Nuremberg's economy shifted to a more service-oriented outlook, but the Messe (trade fair) that moved to the southeast of town in 1974 is still notable for industrial fairs of world renown like the toy fair in February.
Nuremberg's old town (Altstadt) is encircled by massive city walls (Stadtmauer), which will therefore be the first thing you encounter whichever way you approach. The town within is divided by the river Pegnitz. The northern half, Sebalder Altstadt, clusters around St Sebald Church and the Town Hall, and is dominated by the Imperial Castle. The southern half, Lorenzer Altstadt, clusters around the Lorenzkirche. Several charming little bridges criss-cross the river. The Transportation Museum lies just outside the walls and can easily be combined with an exploration of the old town. The two churches also serve to give the name to the parts of the Reichswald ("imperial forest") that surrounds Nuremberg to the north, east and west. Those parts on the right (northern) bank of the river are called "Sebalder Reichswald" whereas those on the left bank are called "Lorenzer Reichswald". Both have been heavily used since medieval times for all sorts of economic activity, so don't confuse them with wilderness, but - in part due to the airport at the Southern end of Sebalder Reichswald making construction unattractive - they are still mostly contiguous and surprisingly large pieces of forest in an otherwise densely populated metropolitan area.
The city walls were 5 km long, with five gates: Laufer, Spittler-, Frauen-, Neu- and Tiergärtner Tor. The towers on the city walls are all marked with a coloured letter, and this can help in determining one's whereabouts within the city: Q is the main train station, Q is the Plärrer, and A is Luginsland tower, location of the youth hostel. From the 13th to the 16th century they were continually strengthened, and helped the city withstand all attacks during this era. Nearly 4 km are still standing, with the only major gaps being on the southeast side between the main station and Rathenauplatz. The city moat, which was never filled with water, still exists in good condition for about 2 km along the south side. You might want to swerve clear of the alley between Färbertor and Spittlertor (Plärrer) ( J to P ), as it's the red light district. A complete walking circuit of the walls will take about 90 min, but there's no particular need to, as you'll see it from multiple angles wherever you wander in town. The most attractive sections are where the walls bridge the river on the west side ("Westtorgraben"), and the south entrance from the railway and bus stations at Frauentor.
Between the two halves of the old town, take time to follow the course of the river Pegnitz, crossing and re-crossing its charming little bridges, surrounded by half-timbered buildings. From east to west these include Heubrücke crossing the larger river island, Fleischbrücke, the smaller island with the flea market and Henkersteg, then Kettelsteg and the bridging walls as the river flows out of the old town. A riverbank walk continues west, eventually to St John's, see "Further out".
Nuremberg has historically been at the crossroads of important trade routes and was the site of Germany's first railway. Even today it is easily reachable by air, canal, road, railway and even walking or cycling.
Nuremberg (Albrecht Dürer) Airport (NUE IATA) ( U2 Flughafen), ☏ +49 911-93700. The airport is comparatively close to the city centre and is well-connected within Germany and to some extent the rest of the EU. But for most intercontinental trips, e.g. from North America, it is often faster to fly into Frankfurt Airport and take the excellent train service. This may also work out cheaper and quicker even when there's a connecting flight into Nuremberg. While the airport is named after Albrecht Dürer (a Renaissance-era painter from Nuremberg) virtually nobody ever calls the airport that, least of all locals. The airport has no limit on night flights, but most public transport doesn't run at night (except for some limited bus service in nights to non-working days) so if you have a late flight you have to wait at the airport or arrange some form of transport.
German-speaking cities with flights to Nuremberg include Düsseldorf, Frankfurt Airport, Hamburg, Munich Airport, Vienna Schwechat and Zurich Airport, virtually all those flights are operated by Lufthansa or its wholly owned subsidiaries. Traditional airlines serve Amsterdam Schiphol, Istanbul Airport, and Paris CDG. British Airways flies to London (usually Heathrow Airport but sometimes Gatwick Airport). Pegasus Airlines offers flights to Sabiha Gökçen Airport on the Asian side of Istanbul with connecting service throughout the Middle East. The budget airline Wizz flies to here from Bucharest, Cluj-Napoca, Timișoara, Sibiu, Skopje and Tuzla. Ryanair offers a seemingly random and often changing grab-bag of destinations throughout Europe with a particular focus on Italy. Vueling (the low-cost subsidiary of the owners of Iberia) offers flights to Barcelona Airport which allow connections throughout Spain. Corendon offers a bunch of flights from Mediterranean "sunny" destinations throughout Turkey; these are mostly aimed at German holidaymakers and Germans of Turkish ancestry visiting the "old country". There are also seasonal holiday flights to/from resorts around the Med and in the Canaries. It is the ninth busiest in Germany behind Hanover.
The U2 underground line connects the airport with the central train station in about 13 minutes. When heading towards the airport, be careful to board a U2 with the destination "Flughafen/Airport" as many U2 trains terminate earlier, usually at Ziegelstein. U2s with destination "Airport" run once every ten minutes throughout the operating hours of the subway.
If you fly into Frankfurt airport, take the ICE express train direct from the airport to Nuremberg, with travel time of around 2 hr 25 min.
From Munich Airport you usually have to take the S-Bahn to Munich central station, 40 min, then the regional train from there takes another 2 hours. There are some direct buses from MUC to Nuremberg and some airlines allow rail&fly which includes the ICE (1 hr from Munich to Nuremberg). When using regional trains from MUC, you may also change in Neufahrn and Freising instead of doubling back all the way to Munich.
Nuremberg Main Station (just outside the city walls at the southwest corner of the old city; walk through the U-Bahn tunnel to avoid crossing the busy road junction here U1 U2 U3 5 7 8 ). Nuremberg has excellent rail connections to almost everywhere, with ICE service to Munich (roughly one hour), Leipzig (just over 2 hours), Würzburg, Frankfurt (just over 2 hours) and all major towns along those routes. Berlin is usually 3 hr 30 min, but nowadays less than 3 hours on the fastest trains. One poor connection is Prague, 5 hours by train with a change at Schwandorf, so instead take the bus which takes 3 hr 30 min, runs more frequently, and is usually cheaper. This bus is run by Deutsche Bahn so it appears in their timetables and can be booked just the same as their trains. An Austrian Nightjet sleeper runs two nights a week, north via Cologne to Brussels, and south either to Vienna or to Munich and Innsbruck - the train divides here. Nuremberg is at the heart of a very extensive Verkehrsverbund or VGN - an integrated transport network stretching all the way to Bayreuth and Bamberg. Tickets are valid and allow transfers on virtually every bus, tram, U-Bahn, S-Bahn and regional train - but not on IC or ICE long-distance trains. Using discount fares such as day tickets, "Sparpreis" and group tickets, regional travel here is a real bargain. Single short trips in and around the city are somewhat more expensive, but see "Get around" for deals.Munich isn't part of the VGN but regional trains to and from Nuremberg are quick and not expensive. IC and ICE trains are expensive for a last-minute ticket, but if you can book in advance and avoid peak hours they cost no more than regional trains on this route.
Nürnberg Nordostbahnhof. This station is connected by rail to Hauptbahnhof but has no passenger service to it, though the U2 serves both. It is the endpoint of the Gräfenbergbahn towards surrounding towns, ending at Gräfenberg. The non-electrified line is often cited as a poster-child of lines that were threatened with shutdown in the past but rebounded after investment and improvement. The line is especially popular in the summer with hikers or cyclists but also serves commuters who work in Nuremberg. The Gräfenbergbahn is an excellent starting point for the Fünf Seidla Steig.
Nuremberg is well-connected to the Autobahn network. Major routes include:
A3 west to Wurzburg and Frankfurt, and south-east to Linz and Vienna
A6 west towards Heidelberg, Metz and Luxembourg, and east towards Pilzen and Prague
A9 south to Munich, and north towards Dresden, Leipzig and Berlin
The biggest drawbacks of course are traffic congestion, parking, and risk of theft or damage whilst parked. Options include:
It's great if your destination has designated parking - and edge-of-town sports arenas certainly do.
For a day trip, use Park & Ride. These facilities are signposted from the main approach roads.
For full day or overnight stays, there are 19 parking garages, with 5500 spaces.
Street parking is very short supply (most spaces are resident-only, even out in the burbs) and costs €2 an hour.
Information is available online on locations, prices and real-time availability. There are also indicator signs on streets.
Most inter-city buses are operated by Flixbus. Buses run round the clock, destinations from here include Amsterdam, Berlin, Dresden, Dusseldorf, Essen, Hamburg, Innsbruck, Koblenz, Luxembourg, Milan, Munich, Ostend, Pilsen, Prague and Vienna. For most of these the bus is slower than the train, but it's faster for Pilsen and Prague (operated by Deutsche Bahn), as the existing rail line is circuitous and non-electrified.
ZOB Nürnberg, the main bus station, is on Willy Brandt Platz opposite the main railway station, at the south-east corner of the old city walls.
Local buses link Nuremberg to surrounding towns and suburbs, including Stein bei Nürnberg and Erlangen and may be a better option for some origin/destination pairs than the S-Bahn. Lines 20, 290 and 30 take you from Erlangen to  am Wegfeld where you can change onto Tram Lines 4&10 and which also serves as a bus hub. Line 30 is the most "express" of those and goes on to the airport and the Nordostbahnhof, while the other lines terminate at "am Wegfeld". Line 33 links Fürth with the airport and also serves am Wegfeld. Line 199 links Herzogenaurach via a single stop at Erlangen Paul Gossen Straße S1 to am Wegfeld but its schedule is mostly oriented towards commuters. There is also a small Park and Ride lot near the am Wegfeld Tram/Bus hub which is rather popular with commuters and thus fills up during the week. It is also used (illegally) by some who wish to save on airport parking by parking there and taking bus line 30 to the airport, but at least in theory you can be towed if you park here more than 24 hours.
Several long-distance cycle routes pass through Nuremberg, making use of the Pegnitz river bank and the Main-Danube canal to avoid traffic. These reach Bamberg to the north and Regensburg to the south.
Nuremberg lies on the Main-Danube canal, so relatively large ships can navigate south from here into the Danube, hence to Vienna, Budapest and beyond; and north into the Rhine and all the way down to Cologne and Rotterdam. However these are not point-to-point ferries, but scenic cruises, typically on a 7- or 14-day itinerary. So it's a slow but luxurious way to get in, and you'll notice the tourist sights suddenly get busy whenever a cruise ship is calling. The  port is 6 km ( mi) southwest of the old town and railway station. Most arriving cruise ships are met by dedicated buses. The canal was primarily intended as a freight route but while that business has stagnated and shrunk, cruises show relatively consistent growth.
The old town is best explored on foot. To get from one part of the old town to another by car or public transport, you will often have to leave the old town and reenter it at a different gate.
S-Bahn, U-bahn and tram network of Nuremberg
SMARAGT, RUBIN and the future of the U-Bahn
The Nuremberg U-Bahn is a child of the 1960s and early 1970s and this shows in the architecture of some stations (think uninspired mid-century "value for money" design with tiles in pastel colors) as well as the rather grandiose plans that were drawn up back then and never fully built out. While virtually all other German cities either already had an U-Bahn (Hamburg and Berlin) or were converting an existing Straßenbahn into a Stadtbahn that went underground downtown and aboveground in outlying districts, Nuremberg decided to go against professional advice and follow Munich in building a fully fledged U-Bahn, with the plan at the time to shut down the Straßenbahn after construction was done. This decision which was taken no doubt in part because of generous financial aid promised by federal and state governments was not questioned for decades and the opening of new subway stops usually meant shutting down adjacent tram lines. By the early 1990s however it had become increasingly clear that the grandiose plans calling for 4 or even 5 fully fledged lines were impossible to build in the foreseeable future and some decision had to be taken on the future of public transit in Nuremberg. As 2 lines had already been mostly built by then, the question was where to build the third line and whether to shut down the Straßenbahn. Ultimately it was determined to keep the tram and use the existing tunnel of U2 for part of the new line U3 but as U2 was already operating at capacity, some means to increase capacity along the busiest stretch had to be found.
The solution came from automatic guided transit and a first study, the "Studie über die MAchbarkeit und Realisierung eines Automated Guided Transit" (study on the feasibility and implementation of an automated guided transit) was commissioned to find out whether such a thing was possible, especially with the challenge of being unable to shut down service for long stretches of time along existing tunnels. That study determined the feasibility and desirability of the project and the next step came with the project Realisierung einer automatisierten U-Bahn In Nürnberg (Implementation of an automated subway in Nuremberg) which was ultimately completed after some delays in 2010 when U2 became the second line after U3 to become fully driverless. The lessons learned and especially the fact that driver operated and automatic trains have successfully operated along the same tracks is used by the company that developed the system as advertisement to sell similar systems elsewhere. While U1 is still driver-operated and there are no plans for automatisation, the U-Bahn seems for now to have reached its endpoints in all directions except for ongoing works along U3. Meanwhile the Straßenbahn which had been planned to be shut down in the 1960s and had shrunk throughout the U-Bahn expansion era has seen new expansion in 2016 and there are intensive plans in conjunction with neighboring Erlangen and Herzogenaurach to have the Straßenbahn extend all the way there by the 2020s.
There are three U-bahn or underground lines U1 , U2 and U3 ; seven Straßenbahn or tram lines 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , , ; and four S-Bahn or suburban train lines S1 , S2 , S3 and S4 , with the S-Bahn lines all reaching far beyond the city limits. They all radiate out from the main railway station. The tram lines have two main hubs at  Plärrer U1 U2 U3 4 6 and the main station which are linked by subway but only awkwardly and indirectly by tram. Public transit is particularly useful for reaching the airport (U2), the Museum of Industrial Culture (Tram 8), the Nazi party rally grounds (S2 or trams 6 or 8), and some of the outlying hotels, as well as nearby towns such as Bamberg (S1). They're all within the integrated VGN, as described in "Get in". A standard Zone A adult ticket is €, a four-journey ticket (which can be split, so a couple could make a return journey) is €11. U1 links Nuremberg and Fürth, was the first line to be built and was actually built from the "outside" (Langwasser, a new housing complex built together with the U-Bahn) inwards, U2 links Röthenbach (almost but not quite Stein bei Nürnberg) and the airport and U3 shares its core route with U2 — between Rothenburger Straße and Rathenauplatz — but branches towards Nordwestring in the north and Großreuth in the south forming an overall U-Shape with both endpoints west of the city centre. U3 is being extended with two more stations on the southern branch scheduled to open in 2025, while lines U1 and U2 seem to have reached their endpoints for the time being. There was extensive talk of tram extensions in the 2010s but apart from a project to link the Tram (current Line 4) to Erlangen and Herzogenaurach they seem to be all on hold until federal or state funds are forthcoming. As lines U2 and U3 are by now fully automated, they naturally have the newest trains and the place that would have to be used for a driver in normal trains is mostly equipped with a panorama window which enables a full view into the tunnel ahead which is worth the ticket price if you care about technology at all and certainly a nice treat for the kids, even though the tunnel is rather dark and you thus don't see all that much. U1 uses some trains that date to the opening of the system and even sometimes some that had been built for the Munich U-Bahn (the first generation of rolling stock was designed to be swapped between Nuremberg and Munich and it often was in the 1970s and 1980s), but in 2020 the newest batch of trains built for U1 entered service. They have removable driver's cabins and can be used on automated lines as well. Unlike all previous generations of Nuremberg U-Bahn trains, they have a single passenger compartment and one can walk through their entire four-car length.
All tram lines operator on ten-minute headways which drop to twenty minutes during the later evening and early morning. U2 and U3 overlap for 100-second headways on their combined route during the busiest time of day and branch out with a little more than three-minute headways which increase during less busy times. U1 usually operates with five-minute headways.
All buses are equipped with Wi-Fi, and the newer trams are to be equipped with Wi-Fi as well. Some U-Bahn stations have Wi-Fi but the vehicles do not. Virtually all vehicles are heated in winter, but only the newer ones are equipped with air conditioning in summer.
In short: don't! Firstly you don't need to, as public transport is almost always quicker. Secondly, the old town is not designed for driving, indeed it's positively designed against it. It's criss-crossed by pedestrian malls and ricketty medieval bridges, and the public roads are twisted into Schleifenlösung — loops. Whichever way you drive in the old town, the road will loop around and spit you back out, and you can't go across town within the walls. Even buses, emergency vehicles and drivers with accessibility permits can't get through.
Nuremberg is part of the VAG Rad scheme. Bikes can be rented via the app for 10 Cents starting fee plus 10 Cents per minute. You can return the bike at any of the fixed stations throughout Nuremberg, Fürth, Erlangen and Schwabach or in the "Flex Zone" in central Nuremberg, Fürth and Erlangen.
The website wheelmap.org is very helpful for finding wheelchair accessible places in Nuremberg (and Germany in general). A list of wheelchair accessible public toilets is provided here.
The public transport network in Nuremberg is mostly accessible for people with disabilities. All U-Bahn/underground stations are equipped with elevators. Here you can find a list of elevators that are out of service. All U-Bahn trains are equipped with an automatic ramp on every door, so boarding is easy for wheelchair users. All tram and bus lines are served exclusively by wheelchair-accessible vehicles. Further information about the accessibility of the public transport network is provided here.
For all but the briefest visits, you'll do well to buy the Nürnberg + Fürth Card. This is valid for two days and gives free admission to over 50 museums and attractions, and free travel on all public transport in Zone A of Nuremberg and Fürth. You also get discounts in many theatres, shops, and the IMAX cinema. The card price for adults is €28. Children aged 5 to 11 pay €5, children under 5 are free. See city website and tourist board for more details.
Map of Nuremberg's Old Town (Altstadt), click to enlarge.
If so many museums sounds daunting, a day-ticket just for the municipal museums is €9 - worth buying if you only see two, as the individual adult entry price is €6. Buy them at the first museum you visit. So two such days would cost €18, cheaper than the N+F card and your days needn't be consecutive, but it wouldn't include public transport. As of early 2018, these museums (all listed below) include Albrecht Dürer's House, Fembohaus City Museum, Toy Museum, Museum of Industrial Culture, Documentation Centre at the Reich Party Rally Grounds, and Memorium Nuremberg Trials. The day-ticket only includes the regular collection, not exhibitions, tours and events, and doesn't include the Kaiserburg.
The following listings are arranged geographically, north to south through the Old Town then beyond. But if you want to focus on buildings of a particular architectural style, visit this sitedead link.
Top sights in Sebalder Altstadt, the northern half of town, include the Imperial Castle, the collection of old houses nearby, and St Sebald church. A suggested itinerary is to start with the castle, then admire the collection of old buildings around Tiergärtnerplatz and the Castle Quarter or Burgviertel. Some of these are original, having survived the war, others were rebuilt. Pilatushaus was home to a wealthy merchant. The street Fuell with its sandstone houses is a typical merchant's street. The craftsmen lived in timber-framed houses, many of which have been restored in Weissgerbergasse. More timber-framed houses can be seen in Obere and Untere Kraemersgasse. In Untere Kraemersgasse 16 you can often look into the tiny courtyard. Near here are the Kunstbunker, and Albrecht Dürer's house, listed below. Continue south down Bergstraße to St Sebald and the old town hall, which remains a working building. (Its dungeons re-open to visitors in summer 2018.)
Nuremberg Castle (Nürnberger Burg) ( 4 Tiergärtnertor or bus 36 to Burgstraße. No visitor parking!), ☏ +49 911 24 46 590. Every day Apr-Sep 09:00-18:00, Oct-Mar 10:00-16:00. The Nuremberg Castle is the rambling fortification that dominates the old town from the higher ground at its north-west corner. It’s actually three separate entities, with interior walls and gates built not against invaders but each other. Castle €7, concessions €6, under-18s free; combi with Cadolzburg Castle €12 (conc €10). (updated Jan 2018)
Imperial Castle (Kaiserburg). The Imperial Castle proper is grouped around the inner castle courtyard. This is where you enter and buy your ticket, which covers the entire complex. Medieval rulers – the Holy Roman Emperors – didn’t have a fixed abode but held court from place to place. When in Nuremberg they used these buildings, which include the Palas, Chapel, and Bower (Imperial Castle Museum), all overlooked by the Sinwell (meaning “perfectly round”) Tower. The Tiefer Brunnen (“deep well”) can only be explored by guided tour.
Burgrave’s Castle. Adjacent east is the Burgrave’s Castle, of which you can visit the Pentagonal Tower and the Walburgis Chapel. The Burgrave was a hereditary ruler who resided permanently here. He had wide-ranging powers over justice, tax, trade and so on, but these conflicted with the powers of the Emperor and of the growing city, so horrendous feuds were inevitable. (The Burgrave's other castle, Cadolzburg, some 25 km west, can be visited on a combi ticket.)
East again are buildings erected by the city itself. The Luginsland (watchtower) was built to spy into the Burgrave’s Castle. Next door, the Imperial Stables were the city’s corn granary; they’re now a Youth Hostel, see "Sleep" listing. The gardens around the Castle complex, only open in summer, are free to enter.
Albrecht Dürer's House, Albrecht-Dürer-Straße 39, ☏ +49 911 2312568. Tu W F 10:00-17:00, Th to 20:00, Sa Su 10:00-18:00. M only open July-Sept & for Christmas Market, 10:00-17:00. The house in which the painter Albrecht Dürer lived and worked from 1509 until 1528. Representative of a wealthy house of that period. Exhibition about life in the house and the way Dürer worked. €6. (updated Dec 2017)
Toy Museum (Spielzeugmuseum), Karlstraße 13-15, ☏ +49 911 2313260. Tu-F 10:00-17:00, Sa Su 10:00-18:00; Mon only during Christmas Market 10:00-17:00; extended hours during Toy Fair. Nuremberg was one of the centres of the German toy industry. The exhibition shows wooden and metal toys, dolls and doll houses, model railways and modern toys. €6. (updated Dec 2017)
Fembohaus Citymuseum, Burgstraße 15, ☏ +49 911 2312595. Tu-F 10:00-17:00, Sa Su 10:00-18:00. A merchant's house built about 1600, in late Renaissance style. Exhibition about the history of the city. €6. (updated Dec 2017)
Museum Tucherschloss and Hirsvogelsaal, Hirschelgasse 9-11 ( 8 or U2 / U3 Rathenauplatz and Bus 36 Innerer Laufer Platz), ☏ +49 911 231 5421 (information), +49 911 231 8355 (cashier), museum-tucherschloss@stadt.nuernberg.de. M 10:00-15:00, Th 13:00-17:00, Su 10:00-17:00. The Tuchers and the Hirsvogels were wealthy trading families. This castle built between 1533 and 1544 shows their life in that era, with several original features. Adults €6, concessions €3, with Nuremberg pass €, further pricing available. (updated Dec 2019)
Art Bunker (Kunstbunker), Obere Schmiedgasse 52 (buy tickets from Albrecht Dürer House or at TICs), ☏ +49 911 22 70 66, info@felsengaenge-nuernberg.de. Only by guided tour daily (in German only) at 14:30; also F at 17:30, Sa 11:30 & 17:30, Su 11:30. Part of the labyrinth of tunnels underneath the city, but separate from the Felsengänge tour (listed above). During World War II this and other bunkers were converted into safe storage for the city's art treasures, with temperature and humidity controls and extra security. Frequent tours in German, but tours can be organised for up to 25 in English, French, Italian, Spanish and Czech. (updated Dec 2017)
St Sebald Church (Sebalduskirche) (opposite Town Hall on Albrecht Dürer Platz). Daily Apr - Dec: 09:30-18:00, Jan-Mar: 09:30-16:00. Built in Romanesque style from the 13th century, with many later Gothic and Baroque additions, and now part of the Evangelical or Lutheran church of Germany, St Sebaldhus is the focus of the north-side old town. In the centre of the church a wooden monument stands over the saint's grave, carved with scenes of his life. The church organ is a modern replacement of the famous original, destroyed by bombing in WW2. (updated Dec 2017)
Deutsches Spielearchiv Nürnberg (German Board Game Archive). A museum dedicated to preserving the history of board games with many original games, some of which can be played by visitors. If you intend to write academically about board games, this is a place with countless resources at your disposal and should certainly be among your first stops for research.
Deutsches Museum Nürnberg, Augustinerhof 4, ☏ +49911 21548880, besucherservice-dmn@deutsches-museum.de. Nuremberg's newest and most futuristic museum with numerous installations, interactive activity stations and bookable laboratory offers. (updated Oct 2022)
Top sights in Lorenzer Altstadt, the southern half of town, include Lorenzkirche, the Way of Human Rights, the Germanische Nationalmuseum and the Neues Museum.
Natural History Museum (Naturhistorisches Museum), 8 Marientorgraben (East edge of old town; U2 to Wöhrder Wiese or 8 to Marientor), ☏ +49 911 227 970. M-Th Su 10:00-17:00, F 10:00-21:00, closed Sa. The ground floor is the ethnology collection: masks from the South Seas, Costa Rican culture, a Berber tent from Morocco, and strange garb of the Nivchi, a Siberian people. The upper floor covers geology, prehistory and archaeology. Adult €5, children 6-17 €3. (updated Dec 2017)
Tower of the Senses (Turm der Sinne), Westtor (western edge of old town, take U1 to Weißer Turm or Tram 4 or 6 to Hallertor), ☏ +49 911 944 3281. Tu-F 13:00-17:00, Sa Su 11:00-17:00. Interactive science museum with emphasis on human perception Adults €8. (updated Dec 2017)
St Lawrence Church (Lorenzkirche). M-Sa 09:00-17:00, Su 13:00-16:00. Mostly built in the 15th century and now part of the Evangelical or Lutheran church of Germany, Lorenzkirche forms the focus of the south-side old town. It's dominated within by the 18m tall Tabernacle, a gothic spire made circa 1493 by Adam Kraft, with himself as one of three figures holding it up. (Find more of his work across the river in St Sebaldus, in the Germanische Nationalmuseum, and in Ulm.) Note also the stained glass windows, and Veit Stoss' "Annunciation" (Engelsgruss) suspended high over the altar. (updated Dec 2017)
Nassauhaus (opposite St Lawrence Church). The oldest building in the city - the cellars date back to the 12th Century, though most is later Gothic.
Fountain of Virtues (Tugendbrunnen) (on the north side of St Lawrence Church). Six virtuous dames spout water from their breasts, guarded by the figure of Justice.
Kunsthalle (a little further down the street from St Lawrence Church). Has rotating art exhibitions, hours & prices vary.
Germanisches Nationalmuseum, Kartäusergasse 1 ( U2 U3 Opernhaus), ☏ +49 911 13310. Tu Th-Su 10:00-18:00, W 10:00-21:00. One of the largest museum of art and crafts in the German-speaking countries, with a collection ranging from pre-historic artefacts to 20th century art. Allow at least half a day. €8, concessions €5. (updated Dec 2017)
Way of Human Rights (Straße der Menschenrechte). A monumental outdoor sculpture, opened on 24 October 1993. It is sited on the street between the new and old buildings of the Germanisches Nationalmuseum, connecting Kornmarkt street and the medieval city wall.
Neues Museum ("New Museum", State Museum for Art and Design in Nürnberg), Klarissenplatz (5 min walk from the central station), ☏ +49 911 2402069. Tu-Su 10:00-18:00, Th 10:00-20:00. Within Old Town but in a striking modern building, the museum shows art and design from 1945 to today. Permanent collection €4, concessions €3, Sundays €1; under 18s free. (updated Dec 2017)
Just outside the walls and easily combined with a stroll around Altstadt is the Transportation Museum.
Verkehrsmuseum (Transportation Museum), Lessingstraße 6 ( U2 U3 Opernhaus; outside city walls 500 m east of Hauptbahnhof). Tu-F 09:00-17:00 Sa Su and holidays 10:00-18:00. This museum contains two collections: the DB Museum (DB National Railway Museum) and the Museum for Communication. The railway museum explores the history of railways in Germany from 1835 - when the first railway connecting Nuremberg and Fürth opened - to today. There's a large collection of locomotives and rolling stock, extending outside, and it's a good place for families with children. The museum includes full scale replicas or originals from all eras of German rail travel, including a replica of the first ever locomotive running over German rails and a mock-up of the ICE. There's thoughtful coverage of the railways' role in German society, including their role in warfare and in the mass deportation to death of oppressed civilians. Labelling is only in German but there are free audioguides in English and other languages. The Museum for Communication is small by comparison, yet attempts to address the entire theme of communications. Some interesting items but the overall effect is superficial, with important concepts mentioned but not explored. Combined ticket €5, concessions €4. (updated Dec 2017)
St Johannis Friedhof (St. John's Graveyard) (1 km west of old town; 6 ). 14th-century graveyard with many famous citizens, including Albrecht Dürer and Adam Kraft. In summer the gardens are a riot of roses and other colourful flowers. You can walk here along Johannisstraße but the street is mostly modern, busy and uninteresting. Alternatively follow the river walk west from Hallertor. This eventually leads into Lindengasse which curls north to the church. Continue the riverside walk west for a couple of hours to reach the town of Fürth. The main sights there are the old streets, the Jewish Museum, the Radio Museum, and Town Hall. You'll probably prefer to ride back to the city, on U-1 or S-1. (updated Dec 2017)
Museum of Industrial Culture, Äußere Sulzbacher Straße 62 ( 8 Tafelwerk), ☏ +49 911 231 3875. Tu-F 09:00-17:00, Sa Su 10:00-16:00. Set in an old screw factory, the last remnant of the sprawling Tafel metalwork complex. Tells the story from the Industrial Revolution into the early 20th century. Along a museum street you see how living conditions, social life and technology developed during that era, and, not least, the gingerbread industry. €6. (updated Dec 2017)
Documentation Center at the Reich Party Rally Grounds (Dokumentationszentrum Reichsparteitagsgelände), Bayernstraße 110 ( 8 6 or bus #36 Doku-Zentrum), ☏ +49 911 231 5666. M-F 09:00-18:00, Sa Su 10:00-18:00; allow 2 hours to visit. Soon after they came to power in 1933 the Nazis chose Nuremberg as the place for their annual party rallies. They planned a set of gigantic buildings here, few of which were built. Start at the Documentation Centre for the story of how the Nazis rose to power, their grasp of modern media and propaganda techniques, the organisation of the party rallies and wider mass agitation, and the connections between that and their crimes against minorities and plunge into World War 2. The Documentation Center is in the north wing of the Congress Hall (Kongresshalle), one of the few planned constructions that did get built. Although the rally grounds cover a wide area, there's little else to see here other than the reviewing stand at the Zeppelin field. The "Große Straße" which was the spine of the rally grounds is now just a modern road. Note you can also get here on S-2 to Dutzendteich; other S-bahn trains run through this station but don't stop. €6 includes audioguide.
Memorium Nuremberg Trials and Courtroom 600, Bärenschanzstraße 72 (2 km west of main station, U1 Bärenschanze), ☏ +49 911 321 79372, memorium@stadt.nuernberg.de. W-M 10:00-18:00. After World War II, this site was chosen for trials of the Nazi high command, partly for Nuremberg's symbolic role in Nazism, but chiefly because the Palace of Justice was undamaged and contained a prison block. Charges were brought both against individuals, and against entire organisations such as the SS and Gestapo. The permanent exhibition tells the story of this and subsequent trials, eg of collaborating doctors and judges, and of officers of the individual concentration camps. It shows how these trials established many present day principles of international law and morality, eg the legal concept of genocide, and the Helsinki Principles on medical experimentation. Courtroom 600, where the trials were held, is still used today for serious crimes, so it can only be visited if no trial is in progress. €6, concessions € (incl. audio guide). (updated Dec 2018)
Historic tram depot (Historisches-Straßenbahndepot), 1 St. Peter Schloßstraße ( 6 or Bus 36 Peterskirche), ☏ +49 911 283 4654. Every first full weekend of the month, Sa Su 10:00-17:00. Trams since they began here in 1881. Several are in working order and when the museum is open, they make a leisurely grinding circuit of the city's public tramways. Adults €4. (updated Dec 2017)
Zoo (Tiergarten), Am Tiergarten 30 ( 5 Tiergarten), ☏ +49 911 54546. Every day, summer 08:00-19:30, winter 09:00-17:00. The Nuremberg Tiergarten is one of the most beautiful zoos in Europe, set in forests and old quarries to the east of the city. Includes a Dolphinarium with regular shows. Adult €, child €, adult with Bahnpass €, child with Bahnpass €, Family with one adult €18, Family with 2 adults €. (updated Dec 2017)
Children's Museum (Kindermuseum) (Museum im Koffer), Michel-Ende Str 17, Kachelbau ( U2 U3 Rothenburger Straße), ☏ +49 911 600 040. Sa 14:00-17:30, Su 10:00-17:30. Hands-on museum, with two permanent exhibitions: everyday life of your great-grandparents, and treasure chamber earth. €7. (updated Dec 2017)
Kraftshof Village Church, Kraftshof (Either U2 to Ziegelstein or 4 to Am Wegfeld. Change there to bus #31). In the Middle Ages, cities like Nuremberg were strongly protected by walls and castles, but villages lacked them. It was often impractical to build these around a straggling farm village, and the cities jealously guarded their rights to have walls - any others might be distrusted as a prelude to rebellion. So instead many villages fortified their church, and Kraftshof is a good example. See Wikipedia entry for other examples especially in Bavaria, Baden-Wurttemberg, Transylvania and the Dordogne. (updated Dec 2017)
Neunhof Manor, (Schloss Neunhof), Neunhofer Hauptstraße ( 4 to am Wegfeld; change there to bus #31). closed for restoration. Nuremberg's patricians had numerous manor houses in the surrounding villages. This is a good example, built in the 16th century. Adjoining is a small baroque garden. The castle is closed for renovation in 2017. (updated Oct 2017)
Nuremberg Exhibition Centre (Nürnberg Messezentrum), Messezentrum (5 km SW of old town, U1 Messe), ☏ +49 911-8606-0. The Exhibition Centre is relatively new. It offers over 160,000 m² of display area in twelve halls grouped around the central park. (updated Dec 2017)
The big annual event in Nuremberg is the Christmas Market (Christkindlesmarkt), listed below. But there’s a full calendar throughout the year – check what’s on even if you don’t plan to attend, as there may be street closures and crowd congestion.
Panoptikum Children’s Theatre Festival (Kindertheaterfestival). 4-9 Feb 2020. Wide-ranging programme with artistes from Bavaria and across Europe. Aimed at children 3 and older, i.e. verbal and in German, though some shows use little or no spoken language. This festival runs alternate years so the subsequent event will be in 2022. (updated Dec 2019)
Nuremberg Carnival (Fastnachtszug). In February. This has been held since 1397. The main carnival parade is held on Sunday, and the children’s carnival is held on the Monday. (updated Dec 2017)
Nuremberg Spring Festival (Frühlingsfest), Dutzendteich. In March. Spring funfair held for two weeks in March/April. (“Volksfest” refers both to this spring festival, and the late summer festival in Aug/Sept.) (updated Dec 2017)
Nuremberg Flea Market (Trempelmärkte). In May. Trödelmarkt on the little river island is the permanent flea market, but the event on the second weekend in May and on the first weekend in September takes over the entire Old Town, with 4000 booths. Children have their own free area, where they can sell surplus toys. (updated Dec 2017)
Blue Night (Blaue Nacht). In May. A night when museums, churches and other cultural institutions stay open till dawn. Along with art and light installations, music and performances in Nuremberg's old town streets. The next Blue Night is 1-2 May 2020. (updated Dec 2019)
Figurentheaterfestival (Puppet Theatre Festival). In May. Held in alternate years. The next starts in late May 2021.
Embedded World, Nürnberg Exhibition Centre ( U1 Messe). February-March. One of the largest electronics shows in Europe, and a must see for anyone interested in high tech gadgets (robots, tablets, artificial intelligence, ...). Free with online vouchers. (updated Feb 2020)
Rock im Park, Zeppelinfeld, Dutzendteich. In June. Annual rock festival, featuring alternative rock, heavy metal, punk rock, & electronic music. It’s held simultaneously with the Rock am Ring festival at Nürburgring motor racing circuit, with most artistes appearing at both. (updated Dec 2017)
International Organ Week (Internationale Orgelwoche Nürnberg). In June. Festival of organ and other sacred music. The next festival runs from 26 June to 2 July 2020. (updated Dec 2019)
Norisring DTM Motor Racing (Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters), Norisring, Dutzendteich. In June. DTM racing cars are touring cars - they look more like a “normal” road car than F1 racing cars do, being wider and heavier. They’re slower too but still mighty fast. There are ten races at various European circuits in the season, one if which is held in June in Nuremberg. Audi, BMW and Mercedes-Benz are the three manufacturers competing. (updated Dec 2017)
Datev Challenge, Around the town of Roth. In July. Triathlon. (updated Dec 2017)
Bardtreffen music festival. In late July. At various city venues, free. Free. (updated Dec 2017)
Open Air Classics, Dutzendteich. In July. Concerts staged on two summer weekends, two weeks apart, in the park at Dutzendteich. (updated Dec 2017)
Herbst Volkfest. In August. This summer festival starts in late Aug. See Spring Festival website.
Old Town Festival (Altstadtfest). In September. Two-week event in mid-September, with music and processions. There’s food and drink at the Gastronomy Market and at numerous restaurants and beer gardens in the old town centre. (updated Dec 2017)
Flea Market. In September. See listing above for May.
Nuremberg foot race (Stadtlauf Nürnberg). In October. Road race with half-marathon, 10 km and other distances. (updated Dec 2017)
Lange Nacht der Wissenschaften (Long Night of Science). In October. At this event many universities, tech companies, the Institute of Technology, etc are open to the public.
Tag der offenen Tür (Open-Door-Days). In October. Every two years in October the municipality and many organisations open to the public for 3 days. The next event is in 2021.
Christmas Market (Christkindlesmarkt or Weihnachtsmarkt). In December. This is the big one, drawing large crowds from across Europe. Held from the Friday before the first advent Sunday to 23 December. Over 180 retail booths, and more gingerbread than you thought possible. (updated Dec 2017)
Nürnberg Digital Festival, a good week with ample events at the intersection of digitisation and society.
1. FC Nuremberg, Max Morlock Stadium (5 km SE of old town, S2 S3 Frankenstadion). The club, founded in 1900, play soccer in the 2. Bundesliga, Germany's second division. In 2017 the stadium was renamed for famous player Max Morlock, but the S-bahn station still reflects a former name "Frankenstadion". (updated Sep 2018)
Climbing Factory. Indoor climbing on 850 m².
Arena Nürnberg Versicherung. A multipurpose sports venue next to the 1. FCN Max Morlock Stadium (same transport directions). They host: Thomas Sabo Ice Tigers who play ice hockey in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga, Germany's top league. Other teams (part of EHC 80 Nürnberg) also play here in the lower leagues. And HC Erlangen the Olympic handball team, who had to move from their home town of Erlangen in 2014 when they won promotion and their home stadium became too small.
Nürnberg Rams aka Noris Rams play American Football in the 2nd Division of the German Football League. Their home ground is Zeppelinfeld, next to the Arena and 1.FCN's stadium, same transport directions. The season runs May to Sept. Admission is below €10 for adults, free for children. There's a friendly family atmosphere to the games, with little hostility between fans. Catering is provided by an American restaurant, including burgers and pulled pork.
Nuremberg Falcons (Temporary venues on the parking lot of the Airport U2 permanent venues tbd). After finishing second in the 2018/2019 second division season they qualified for promotion to the first division on the court but were denied promotion due to their temporary home field not being up for first division standards and their somewhat limited funds. Their home games can sell out quickly and the fans make you forget that their temporary venues are essentially a glorified tent on an airport parking lot. (updated Oct 2019)
Nurembergs Underworld (Nürnberger Felsengänge), Bergstraße 19 (buy tickets at the Hausbrauerei Altstadthof), ☏ +49 911 22 70 66, info@felsengaenge-nuernberg.de. Tours daily every hour or two, but in English only on Sa & Su at 11:15. The sandstone bedrock of Nuremberg's castle hill is riddled with vaulted cellars and passageways. Mostly carved out in the 14th century, they include beer cellars, casemates, water conduits; in World War II they were used as air raid shelters. By guided tour only, bring stout footwear and extra cardigans, it's cold down there. Adults €6, under 7s free. (updated Dec 2017)
Medieval Dungeons, Rathausplatz 2 (near the main market square), ☏ +49 911 2312690, zd@stadt.nuernberg.de. Guided tour with a media guide (English, Spanish, Italian, German), daily at 11:00, 12:00, 13:00, 14:00, 15:00. Medieval prison and torture museum under the city hall. Accessible only by guided tour. Not suitable for children under 10 and those with mobility impairments. Adults €4, concessions €. (updated Apr 2019)
Cinecitta ( U2 U3 Wöhrder Wiese 8 Marientor). The biggest multiplex cinema in Germany. 18 movie theaters, one IMAX theater, one "motion action drive" cinema, three restaurants, twelve bars and five outside terraces with view on the historic town.
Germans have the reputation to work hard and efficiently, and means to unstress have become a strong part of the culture. In Nuremberg there are many facilities for bathing, wellness, and relaxation, which can also be a good refuge from rainy weather.
As elsewhere in Germany, wellness facilities in Nuremberg are usually mixed gender (unlike for example an onsen in Japan) except for a few gay bathhouses near the city centre. They are visited by men and women of all ages, although many have age restrictions to keep children out, in an effort to preserve an atmosphere of serenity and relaxation. As such they are often places where generations connect with each other, and it's very normal for students to strike a conversation with pensioners and vice versa. Unlike swimming pools, wellness facilities are partially or entirely nude (German: textilfrei). Any attempt to enter the Wellnessbereich with beachwear will quickly evoke a remark from the Bademeister. Many venues include a relaxation area (German: Ruhebereich) where you can take a nap or read a book. Any electronic devices (phones, laptops, tablets) are associated with work and frowned upon, so leave them in your locker. When using a sauna, always lay out a clean towel before sitting down — dripping sweat on the pinewood benches is not accepted.
Langwasserbad, Breslauer Straße 251 (take U1 to Langwasser Mitte and from there any bus direction Klinikum Süd), ☏ +49 911 231 46 30, nuernbergbadstadt@nuernberg.de. 10:00-22:00 daily. Large indoor swimming pool with sauna and wellness facilities. Bathing and wellness is mixed gender, use of the pool requires beach wear. No towels, slippers, or drinks included in the entrance fee so you'll need to supply these yourself. Children and teenagers from 6 years old and up are allowed in under adult supervision. Adults €, 6-17 €. (updated Feb 2020)
Nuremberg's main shopping district is the Lorenzer Altstadt, the part of the old town south of river Pegnitz. There are three shopping streets running from the white tower (Weißer Turm) to the vicinity of St Lawrence church (Lorenzkirche): The cheapest stores can be found in Breite Gasse, in Karolinenstraße you find mid-priced stores and Kaisserstraße, next to the river, offers luxury goods. At their eastern end the three streets are connected by the street Königsstraße, which runs from the main station via St Lawrence church to the main market place. The biggest department stores, Karstadt, Galeria Kaufhof and Breuninger, are located here. On Trödelmarkt you find some small shops. At Sebalder Altstadt you find antiques, curiosities and designer shops.
As souvenirs you can buy gingerbread (Lebkuchen). Several large manufacturers and a number of small bakeries produce this local specialty. The best quality is called Elisenlebkuchen. Alternatively, sausages (Nürnberger Bratwürste) are available in tin cans or vacuum-wrapped. Don't take them to countries outside the EU unless you've checked customs regulations on importing meat.
City Point, Breite Gasse 5 (City).
mercado, Äußere Bayreuther Straße 80 (North) ( U2 Nordostbahnhof).
Franken-Center, Glogauer Straße 30-38 (South) ( U1 Langwasser Mitte).
Puma Sport, Klingenhofstr. 70 (North-West).
Gothic, Dark Wave, Fetisch:
Crazy Fashion (for Adults only), Schweiggerstr. 30 (South)
Mac's Mystic Store, Ludwig-Feuerbach-Str. 13 (South)
Underground, Königstr. 39 (City)
Vampiria, Kappengasse 10 (City)
Schallplattenfachhandel USG6, Untere Schmiedgasse 6. 15:00-20:00. (updated Mar 2017)
Mono-Ton, Färberstraße 44. M-F 11:00-19:00, Sa 11:00-18:00. (updated Mar 2017)
Bratwurst: The city’s own pork sausage, the “Nürnberger Rostbratwürste”, is spicier than other sausages of the surrounding Franconia region, and half the size. So a serving in a restaurant is six Nürnberger (or three other Franconians), grilled or pan-fried, accompanied by sauerkraut or potato salad. A light bite on the street is three Nürnberger in a bread roll - ask for “Drei im Weggla”. “Nürnberger Rostbratwürste” is a protected name and they may only be manufactured here.
Another way of cooking these sausages is to stew them in a broth of vinegar, onions and spices. This is called "Saure Zipfel" – “sour corners” - because of the broth stains in the corners of your mouth.
There are many other styles of sausage and ways of preparing them. “Pressack” is like salami, sliced and eaten with mustard. The “Nürnberger Stadtwurst” go well with farmhouse bread and beer. “Stadtwurst mit Musik” means they're sliced, and heaped with vinegar and raw onion . . . so guess where the “Musik” will be coming from, 30 minutes later.
Looking for places that serve sausages in Nuremberg is like looking for water in Venice. Three outlets (among many) that specialise in them are Zum Gulden Stern and Bratwursthäusle (both listed below), and Bratwurstglöcklein as you enter Old Town from the railway station.
Lebkuchen: if you want to eat it here, buy a package labelled Bruch: broken. It's cheaper, and the quality is fine, but it's second-run stuff that they can't market as souvenirs. Other confections are:
Eierzucker – delicate white biscuits, often in shapes, eg like a horse
Kirschenmännla - cherry casserole with loose dough
Schneeballen – "snowballs", thin dough baked in lard, with powdered sugar. Often handed out to guests at ceremonies such as baptisms, confirmations or weddings.
Many food stalls and fast food restaurants can be found along Königstraße leading from the main station into the old town.
One stand is in the middle of the street perpendicular to the front of the Lorenzkirche. Several are also in Lorenzstraße (coming from the pedestrian zone, that is the street starting strait after the roundabout behind the Lorenz square.
All these are in the city centre:
Red Curry House, Lorenzer Straße 29 ( U1 Lorenzkirche 8 Marientor), ☏ +49 911 62 174 17. M-Sa 11:30-20:30, closed on Su and public holidays. South East Asian food, tasty, with very good value for price small dishes starting at €4 per dish (May 2017). (updated May 2022)
Suppdiwupp, Lorenzer Straße 27, ☏ +49 911 23 58 58 00. M-Th 11:00-18:00, F 11:00-16:00, Sa 12:00-17:00. Great soups and hotpots served with fresh traditional style bread; the offerings change and there are not many dishes, but usually everybody should find something along her/his taste on the menu. (updated May 2022)
Schlemmer Eck - Schlütter's Echte, Brunnengasse 33. The original Nuremberg sausages from the producer in the city. The place is hidden in a small lane. (updated May 2022)
Cafe Treibhaus, Karl-Grillenberger-Straße 28. Really a great corner during the day to chill & enjoy. Quiet area and lovely shade on a hot day. A very pleasant and quiet place. Nice to sit outside. (updated May 2022)
Max Express, Tucherstraße 42. Turkey schnitzel and pizza are delicious. Staff very friendly. (updated May 2022)
Brezen Kolb, Karolinenstraße. Brezen Kolb is the undisputed local hero in the Nuremberg pretzel business. Especially recommended with butter and chives. (updated May 2022)
Wurstdurst, Luitpoldstraße 13. Serving the typical German currywurst. Ambiance and food top notch. Cozy atmosphere and super friendly staff. Also offering a tasty vegan currywurst. (updated May 2022)
Bra Kebap, Färberstraße 2. Good fresh ingredients. The dough for Dürüm is freshly prepared. You can choose between veal and chicken when it comes to meat. (updated May 2022)
Historische Bratwurstküche - Zum Guldenen Stern, Zirkelschmiedsgasse 26 ( U1 U2 U3 Plärrer or U2 U3 Opernhaus), ☏ +49 911 2059288. Restaurant in an old timber-framed house specializing in roasted sausages. Oldest sausage restaurant in the world, since 1419. Located in a small pedestrian zone in the Lorenz district, near Jacobsplatz, walkable distance (ca. 10 minutes) from the central station € for six sausages, € for ten (Apr 2017). (updated Sep 2022)
Goldenes Posthorn, Glöckleinsgasse 2 ( U1 Lorenzkirche), ☏ +49 911 225153. daily 11:30 - 22:30, last orders 21:30. Traditional restaurant in the old city centre. Founded in 1498. (updated Sep 2022)
Bratwursthäusle, Rathausplatz 1 (located just a few meters off Hauptmarkt towards the castle, next to the St. Sebald church), ☏ +49 911 227695. M-Sa 10:00-23:00. Restaurant in the old city centre specializing in roasted sausages. You can see many tourists there as it's one of the most frequented places to have a "Bratwurst" (grilled sausage). One of the most common packages is "Drei im Weckla" (three sausages in a bread roll). € for six sausages.
Restaurant Heilig-Geist-Spital, Spitalgasse 16, ☏ +49 911 221761. Mainly local cuisine. Historic dining room situated over the river Pegnitz. € for six sausages.
Steichele, Hotel & Weinrestaurant., Knorrstraße 2-8 ( U1 Weißer Turm), ☏ +49 911 202280, fax: +49 911 221914, info@steichele.de. Local cuisine. The Steichele has the opportunity to try, dink and buy selected wines from "Franken", the "Pfalz", "Südtirol" and many more producing regions of Germany. (updated Sep 2022)
Kuhmuhne, Weintraubengasse 2, ☏ +49 911 66 489798. daily, opens at 12:00, open end with warm cuisine until 22:00. If you want tasty burgers without going to a chain of restaurants and regional quality ingredients, this nice burger place is for you. Portions are quite Franconian (i.e. a little too big, maybe ;-) burgers around €10 plus side dishes (Aug 2018). (updated Sep 2022)
Zum Spießgesellen, Rathausplatz 4, ☏ +49 911 23555525.
Sangam Restaurant, Königstr. 83-87, ☏ +49 911 23 494 17. M-Sa 12:00-23:00; Su 13:00-23:00. Tasty authentic traditional Indian cuisine (updated Oct 2016)
Tibet Café Restaurant, Johannisstr. 28, ☏ +49 911 3000754. Indian style food (updated Oct 2016)
Mesob, Pillenreuther Straße 20, ☏ +49 157 300 65 684, +49 174 253 1531, mail@mesob.de. Tu-Th 17:00-00:00, F 17:00-03:00, Sa 17:00-05:00, Su 17:00-00:00. Ethiopian and Eritrean cuisine; while the atmosphere is merely ok, the staff is friendly and the food delicious. (updated Oct 2016)
Albrecht-Dürer-Stube, Albrecht-Dürer-Straße 6, ☏ +49 911 22 72 09, info@albrecht-duerer-stube.de. M-Sa 18;00-00:00, F Su also 11:30-14:30; closed on Su in June, July & August, warm dishes until 00:00. A very traditional Franconian restaurant, frequented by locals and tourists alike. It is a good choice if you want to have some hearty local food in an unpretentious atmosphere. As the venue is small and popular, it is often necessary to have an advance reservation. (updated Nov 2016)
Padelle d'Italia, Theatergasse 17, ☏ +49 911 2742 130. M-Th 11:30-14:30, 17:30-23:00, F Sa 11:30-23:00. A place to go for authentic Italian cuisine. It may be quite crowded and somewhat loud, but you will most probably find Italians here, too. (updated May 2017)
KonTiki, Untere Wörthstraße 10-14 ( U1 Weißer Turm), ☏ +49 911 221139. Local, Steak and Fish cuisine. Small Beergarden on the river Pegnitz. (updated Sep 2022)
Würzhaus, Kirchenweg 3a, ☏ +49 911 937 34 55. Tu-F 11:30-14:00, from 18:00; Sa from 18:00. Franconian lunch, on evenings a rather upscale à la carte offering (as of groups of 8, a special menu can be prepared) (updated Sep 2022)
Essigbrätlein, Weinmarkt 3, ☏ +49 911 225 131. Tu-Sa 12:00-15:30, 19:00-01:00, kitchen closes at 13:30 and 21:30, respectively. Famous gourmet cuisine. (updated Sep 2022)
Nuremberg's most rapidly gentrifying neighborhood is very likely Gostenhof. The area used to be nicknamed "Gostanbul" due to the high numbers of Turkish descendant residents. While it was spared World War 2 destruction almost entirely, the ageing urban fabric and the sub-par standards of many houses made rents cheap and allowed immigrants, poor people, students, artists, hipsters and malcontents to make a living. However, as so often happens with gentrification, somebody looked at a map and discovered how close to the centre the neighbourhood actually was, a catchy short-name "GoHo" - which sounds like "fancy" neighborhoods of New York or London to boot - was invented and rents rose rapidly, in part displacing those who had always lived there as renovation made once undesirable 19th century housing into the most desirable real estate. It's perhaps not as bad (yet) as Berlin/Kreuzberg and you can go out and have a nice time there, but the times of a "Glosschermverdel" ("broken glass neighborhood" i.e. an undesirable part of town) are long gone.
Kaffee Hörna, Scheurlstr. 11 (located in Südstadt), info@kaffehoerna.de. M W-F 07:00-17:00; Sa Su 10:00-17:30. A tiny modern café with delicious Swedish-style cakes. (updated Mar 2016)
Café Kaulbach, Schweppermannstraße 28 ( U3 Kaulbachplatz), ☏ +49 911 93 744 744. W-Su 09:00-18:00. The venue of the two great cake bakers that formerly operated the Café Wohlleben. (updated Mar 2016)
Balazzo Brozzi, ☏ +49 911-28 84 82, balazzo-brozzi@t-online.de. M-F 09:00-23:00; Sa Su 09:00-23:00, closed first Monday of the month. A somewhat alternative café also regularly hosting subculture. (updated Mar 2016)
Zeitungs-Café Herrmann Kesten, Peter-Vischer-Straße 3 (usually entrance solely through the public library at Gewerbemuseumsplatz 4 (head to block K1); for events entrance left off the entrance of Katharinen-Rouine, you find the entrance to this place). A quiet retreat off city life, you may perfectly head here to read one of the many newspapers they offer or something you bring for yourself, for example. (updated Mar 2016)
Salon Regina, Fürther Straße 64 ( U1 Gostenhof or Bärenschanze (right in the middle between the stations), bus Gostenhof West). A café at day and a nice bar with a variety of people in the early evening - good to visit during daytime or to start your evening in Gostenhof. (updated Mar 2016)
Zumikon, Großweidenmühlstraße 21. W-Su 12:00-19:00. Summer retreat and a friendly café with cake and partly also small, fresh dishes and great ice cream. (updated Sep 2016)
Café Mainheim, Bauerngasse 18 (Gostenhof). M-F 10:00-22:00, Sa 09:00-22:00, Su 09:00-20:00. a nice and friendly café with a lot of space and air to breathe. Provides free WiFi for guests. (updated Sep 2016)
Caffé Fatal, Jagdstraße 16, ☏ +49 911 396363. daily starting at 09:00. A nice caffé with small dishes and a great breakfasts buffet. (updated Sep 2016)
Hildes Backwut, Schloßstraße 48, ☏ +49 911 4008797. M-F 05:30-18:00, Sa 18:00-14:00. A traditional bakery with a café, where they bake delicious bread, pastry, cakes. (updated Nov 2016)
Eddy Would Attack, Frauentormauer 18, ☏ +49 911 253 061 62. M-F 8-18, Sa,Su 10-18. A crazy combination of a bike repair shop and café, located centrally in Nurembergs red light area; offers breakfast, cakes etc. – and newspapers and bike journals to read (updated Mar 2018)
Café Kirsch, ☏ +49 911 47 87 93 48, post@cafe-kirsch.de. Tu-Sa 10-18. A cosy and inclusive café where people with and without handicaps cooperate. Unfortunately, at the site, access for people with disabilities is limited (elevated ground floor without a ramp). (updated Oct 2018)
Di Simo - caffè e vini, Trödelmarkt 5-7 (adjacent to Karlsbrücke (Karl's Bridge)), caffe@di-simo.de. 8am - 8pm, closed on Sundays. Nice location overlooking the river. (updated Oct 2022)
Many great beers are made in Franconia (Upper Franconia has the largest concentration of breweries world wide) and even in Nuremberg itself.
Barfüßer, Hallplatz 2 (In the basement of the historic grainery on Königstraße), ☏ +49 911 204242. A large, lively German-style beer hall, where you can have a keg delivered to your table for you to pour your own drinks. Hearty Franconian food is on the menu, and they brew their own blonde beer. €7-12 per entree.
Mata Hari Bar, Weißgerbergasse 31. Su-Th 15:00-02:00, F Sa 15:00-05:00. One of the places where it's easiest to get into conversations when you're coming by yourself. A small but atmosphere-packed place, where you can often hardly move but have great evenings talking about everyone and his brother. (updated Aug 2022)
Hannemann, Johannesgasse 22 (Located in a small side street off Königstraße (which is the one connecting St. Lorenz and the central station); the street is roughly opposite of Barfüßer (slightly right if you stand before Barfüßer)), ☏ +49 1511 6554248. A bar in between your grandma's style of living room (and similarly relaxed) and a hip modern place – if you want to chat with friends or just hang around easy-going people, that's one of the places you can choose.
Kater Murr, Johannesgasse 14, ☏ +49 151 10783629, hallo@kater-murr.com. Tu-Th 14:00-1:00, F Sa 14:00-02:00. A friendly pub, with ties to the local creative scene, which regularly hosts exhibitions and from time to time other cultural events.
Arsch & Friedrich, Untere Baustraße 14, aundf@posteo.de. 20-1.
Wanderer and Bieramt, Beim Tiergärtnertor 2 - 6 (located at a city square next to the "Tiergärtnertor"). Not a beer garden, but a place popular amongst locals and tourists. You can sit at the square, which becomes quite crowded on warm summer nights. (updated May 2017)
Wiesn' Biergarten on Wörder Wiese, Wöhrder Wiese ( U2 U3 Wöhrder Wiese). M-F 10:00-22:00, Sa 13:00-22:00, Su 10:00-22:00; Oct-Apr: closed. (updated May 2017)
Marientorzwinger, Lorenzer Straße 33. (updated May 2017)
Restaurant und Biergarten Kopernikus im Krakauer Haus, Hintere Insel Schütt 34, ☏ +49 911 2427740. summer M-F 16:00-00:00, Sa Su holidays 12:00-00:00; winter M-F 17:00-00:00, Sa Su holidays 12:00-00:00. A restaurant with a special beer garden which is nicely located on the city wall and also has tables along the city wall on a wooden path used with the fortification; the building housing the restaurant is a cultural centre connecting the region with Poland. (updated Nov 2016)
Kulturgarten, Königstraße 39. daily from 11:00. At the local cultural centre Künstlerhaus. (updated Nov 2016)
Schanzenbräu Schankwirtschaft, Adam-Klein-Straße 27 ( U1 Bärenschanze), ☏ +49 911 93 77 67 90, bestellung@schanzenbraeu.de. Tu-Sa 11:00-01:00. The beer garden of one of the hippest Nuremberg breweries. Serve delicious locally-brewed beer. (updated Mar 2016)
Kulturbrauerei Lederer, Sielstraße 12. (updated May 2017)
Palais Schaumburg, Kernstraße 46, ☏ +49 911 260 043. Su-F 11:30-01:00, Sa 14:00-01:00. One of the smaller beer gardens, this place exists for over 20 years now, nearly becoming an institution. It is especially popular amonsgst the somewhat more alternative and with vegetarians as it offers extensive choice for them. (updated May 2017)
The Franconian wine is said to be a "man's wine". Analogous to "man's chocolate" this points to a rather dry taste. Furthermore the rather harsh climate and the soil structure definitely contribute to this fact. An extravagance of the Franconian wines is their bottle. In Germany the Bocksbeutel bottle shape is generally reserved for higher-quality wines from Franconia.
Gelbes Haus, Troststraße 10 (entry located on Fürther Straße, U1 Gostenhof), ☏ +49 911 26 22 74. This is a mid-sized bar with two rooms, one with wood coated walls (which are nevertheless not "too heavy) and another one with the actual bar in it and in the style of the building; they serve a huge variety of classical, well-prepared cocktails and a good collection of spirits. (updated Nov 2016)
Cubano, Innere Laufer Gasse (northeast of the town hall). Another good cocktail bar.
Mach 1, Kaiserstraße 1 (Next to the entrance of the parking garage (Adler Parkhaus) U1 Lorenzkirche). Nice club with good flair. They usually play House music.
Die Rakete, Vogelweiherstraße 64 ( 4 Dianaplatz), ☏ +49 911 80 15 3 15. An institution in electronic music, this small but nice club is known well over the region. (updated Nov 2016)
Hirsch, Vogelweiherstraße 66 ( 4 Dianaplatz). Concerts and clubbing (with a focus on electronic music), located in an industrial area in the south of Nürnberg. (updated Nov 2016)
Club Stereo, Klaragasse 8 ( U1 Lorenzkirche or U1 U2 U3 Hauptbahnhof). A small, nice club with changing offers (music genre highly depending on what the current event is), regularly offering nice concerts, too. The club is located in the basement, and shares its entrance with the bar Vorraum which is located on ground floor. (updated Nov 2016)
MUZclub, Fürther Str. 63 ( U1 Gostenhof). A live music-oriented club with a nice garden for warm summer evenings which is operated by the non-profit music supporting association "Musikzentrale Nürnberg e.V." which regularly hosts concerts ranging from local scene festivals to somewhat more well-known groups. (updated Nov 2016)
For a fast room reservation service in the Nuremberg-Fuerth-Erlangen-Schwabach area, please go to the on-line room reservation request of the Nuremberg Convention and Tourist Office.dead link
DJH (YHA/HI), Burg 2 (in the former castle stables to the north of the old city U1 Lorenzkirche), ☏ +49 911 2309360, fax: +49 911 23093611, jhnuernberg@djh-bayern.de. Note that DJH/YHA/HI membership is required (or an extra fee is paid) and, as in all YHA hostels in Bavaria, persons over 27 years of age are only admitted if the hostel is not full. Linen included in price. B&B from €; half board from €; full board from €.
Jugend Hotel, Rathsbergstr. 300 (near the airport U2 Ziegelstein), ☏ +49 911 5216092, fax: +49 911 5216954, jugend-hotel-nuernberg@t-online.de. Wheelchair-accessible rooms, barbecue, TV-lounge, English spoken. Dorm bed, (3-6 bed) with shower/wc, from €16. Twin bed, with shower/wc €. Single room, with shower/wc, from €. Breakfast buffet and lunch packed €.
Don Bosco Jugendwerk, Don-Bosco-Straße 2 (centre, direction to Fürth), ☏ +49 911 931790, fax: +49 911 9317935, verwaltung@don-bosco-nuernberg.de. A house for young and young-at-heart people. Twin bed, with shower/wc €20. Single room, with shower/wc, from €25. Breakfast €2. Dinner €.
Five Reasons Hotel & Hostel, Frauentormauer 42 (near the Hauptbahnhof, U2 U3 Opernhaus), ☏ +49 911 99286625, booking@five-reasons.de. Check-in: 14:00, check-out: 12:00. Renovated, with modern shared showers/WC, and guest kitchen. Breakfast available until 12:00; snacks and drinks are available from reception in the lounge afterward. Some rooms are across the street from the city walls, which keeps some noise out and provides complete privacy, but the views are more historic than lively. Dorm bed from €18, Private room from €49. (updated Jan 2023)
a&o Nürnberg Hauptbahnhof, Bahnhofstraße 13-15 (near the central bus station and Hauptbahnhof), ☏ +49 911 3091684400. Check-in: 15:00, check-out: 10:00 (11:00 weekends). Basic rooms, with access to a guest kitchen, bar, lounge, and laundry. Dorm bed from €18, Private double from €70. (updated Jan 2023)
Holiday Inn Nürnberg City Centre, Engelhardsgasse 12 ( U1 Weißer Turm), ☏ +49 911 242500, info@holidayinn-nuernberg.de. Built in 2005. From €74.
Hotel Elch, Irrerstr. 9 (Between Maxplatz and Sebalderplatz U1 Lorenzkirche), ☏ +49 911 2492980, fax: +49 911 24929844, info@hotel-elch.com. A small hotel in a quaint old building, located on a quiet street a few minutes' walk from several restaurants and sights.
Hotel Ibis Nuernberg Altstadt, Königstraße 74 ( U1 U2 U3 Hauptbahnhof), ☏ +49 911 232000, H1069@accor.com. Reasonably priced hotel in the heart of the city.
Hotel Victoria, Königstraße 80 ( U1 U2 U3 Hauptbahnhof), ☏ +49 911 24050, fax: +49 911 227432, book@hotelvictoria.de. The hotel in the old city that is closest to the Hauptbahnhof, in a renovated 19th-century building.
Just outside the southwest corner of the old city are several mid-range hotels within walking distance of many sights in the old city, and about a 20-minute walk from the Hauptbahnhof.
Hotel Fackelmann, Essenweinstr. 10 ( U1 U2 U3 Plärrer or U2 U3 Opernhaus), ☏ +49 911 206840, fax: +49 911 2068460.
Hotel Ibis Nuernburg City am Plaerrer Hotel, Steinbühlerstr. 2 ( U1 U2 U3 Plärrer), ☏ +49 911 23710, H0888@accor.com. Starting at €52.
dead link Hotel Leonardo, Zufuhrstr. 22, ☏ +49 911 27760, info.nuernbergcity@leonardo-hotels.de. Part of a small chain of hotels in Germany, amenities include free WiFi in the rooms and free bicycle rental. Singles from €55.
Park Inn by Radisson Nürnberg, Sandstraße 2-8 ( U1 U2 U3 Plärrer), ☏ +49 911 704 040, info.nuernberg@rezidorparkinn.com. Check-in: 15:00, check-out: 12:00. From €50.
Next to the main train station
NH Collection Nuremberg City, Bahnhofstraße 17-19 ( U1 U2 U3 Hauptbahnhof), ☏ +49 911 99990, fax: +49 911 9999100, nhcollectionnuernbergcity@nh-hotels.com. Check-in: 15:00, check-out: 12:00. Central, reliable and easy to find. There are a few other NH hotels in Nuremberg if this one doesn't suit your budget.
formerly dead link Hotel Marienbad, Eilgutstraße 5 ( U1 U2 U3 Hauptbahnhof or U2 U3 Opernhaus), ☏ +49 911 203147, fax: +49 911 204260, info@hotel-marienbad.de. Check-in: 14:00, check-out: 11:00. Very nice hotel for both business and leisure travellers. Excellent location near main station and only 5 minutes away from the old town. Wonderful breakfast buffet and charming family-owned hotel. Single rooms from €69.
Hotel Kreuzeck, Schnepfenreuther Weg 1 (on the corner with Erlanger Straße (B4)) ( 4 Cuxhavener Straße), ☏ +49 911 34961. Singles beginning at €50.
Acom Hotel (Accom Hotel), Leipziger Platz 22 ( U2 Nordostbahnhof), ☏ +49 911 6505990. Budget hotel. Singles/doubles from €49.
Mövenpick Hotel Nürnberg-Airport, Flughafenstraße 100 (Next to the airport U2 Flughafen), ☏ +49 911 3501 0. (updated Mar 2017)
Hotel Metropol Nürnberg, Fürtherstraße 338, Weststadt ( U1 Muggenhof), ☏ +49 911 324390. Check-in: 14:00, check-out: 11:00. Budget hotel. Spacious room with private facilities. Buffet breakfast with wide range of foods. Wi-Fi €1 per hour. Free street parking. Double room: €47, or €61 with buffet breakfast. (updated Apr 2017)
Hotel Kennedy, Leyher Str. 52, ☏ +49 1713188555. Very basic hotel in the west of Nuremberg, with a slightly unfortunate location in the middle of a commercial zone. It's a 15-minute walk from U1 Maximilianstrasse and easy to reach the city centre and the Messe. A fair option for business travellers if proximity to transportation is desired. €135. (updated Feb 2020)
Hotel St. Peter, Harsdörffer Str. 30 ( 6 Harsdörfferplatz), ☏ +49 911 946690, info@hotel-st-peter.de. Family-run hotel. Single rooms from €55.
Landgasthof Hotel Gentner, Bregenzer Straße 31 (close to the Nuremberg exhibition center), ☏ +4991180070, info@landgasthof-gentner.de. Check-in: 14:00, check-out: 11:00. Has a Bavarian restaurant "Johanns Wirtshaus im Gentner" onsite. from €95. (updated Oct 2022)
According to the state police, Nuremberg has the lowest crime rate of the cities with more than 400,000 inhabitants.
Most city buses and some U-Bahn stops have free WiFi. U-Bahn vehicles and most trams do not, in part because they were built before free WiFi became a major concern and upgrading them would be prohibitively expensive.
Several interesting small towns lie very close to Nuremberg. You'd probably do them as a day trip, as it wouldn't be worth re-locating (unless you were hiking, knapsack on your back):
Fürth - just 5 km west, this has charming medieval streets, a Jewish museum and a radio museum.
Faber Castle (as in Faber-Castell pencils; their factory is here) is in the small town of Stein (Mittelfranken).
Erlangen - University town with a remarkable collection of museums and early modern architecture (and, of course, bicycles cranked by earnest young men and women). It's also a company town, dominated by Siemens, and has a big Pentecost festival Bergkirchweih.
Schwabach - pleasant old town centre.
Well within a day-trip, but deserving longer:
Bamberg - once an ecclesiastical centre, the entire town is a UNESCO World Heritage site for its original Romanesque buildings, which survived the war. Its beer is also famous.
Bayreuth - even if you don't care for opera, admire its baroque centre and collection of palaces. Tickets for the annual Wagner Opera Festival get snapped up months in advance.
Ingolstadt - is packed with medieval, Renaissance and baroque architecture.
Regensburg - astride the Danube and still showing traces of its Roman founders, the city sights reflect its status as a former capital of Bavaria.
Dachau - was the site of the Third Reich's first concentration camp.
You'll need your own transport to get around Fränkische Schweiz - "Franconian Switzerland" and
Fränkisches Seenland - the lake district south-west of Nuremberg.
The western edge of Franconia is traversed by the Romantic Road, a tourist route through a series of shamelessly picturesque old towns. Closest to Nuremberg is Rothenburg ob der Tauber. The "Road" leads north to Würzburg, and south through Nördlingen and Augsburg to Füssen on the Austrian border, with its over-the-top Schloss Neuschwanstein.
And then there's the looming state capital, often disliked by Franconians that is Munich.
This city travel guide to Nuremberg has guide status. It has a variety of good, quality information including hotels, restaurants, attractions and travel details. Please contribute and help us make it a star!