Tirupati is the spiritual capital of Andhra Pradesh, India. It is most famous for its Sri Venkateswara Temple dedicated to Vishnu, also known as Balaji in Northern India and Govinda in Southern India. The temple is on top of Tirumala hills, while the town is in the foothills. The Tirumala hill has seven peaks ("Sapthagiri"), said to represent the seven hoods of Adisesha, the serpent under whose hood Vishnu resides in Vaikuntha.
Front view of Tirumala Sri Venkateswara Temple Front at night
Tirupati city and Tirumala Hills from Tirupati railway station
Tirupati is in the southern part of Andhra Pradesh, in the Eastern Ghats, a mountain range that runs along the southeastern India. The temple of Venkateswara is on the seventh peak Venkatachala. The nearby town called Tiruchanoor (also known as Alamelu-Mangapuram) is covered in this page too.
Tirupati is considered a major holy city for Hinduism and receives a significant amount of pilgrimage traffic. Many attractions here are geared towards religious tourism.
Venkateshwara is also called the Lord of the Seven Hills. This temple has acquired a special sanctity in the Hindu religion. The benefits that accrue by a pilgrimage to this holy town is mentioned in the Vedas and Puranas. Hindus all over the world believe that in Kali Yuga it's possible to attain mukhti by worshiping Venkateshwara. Around 50,000 pilgrims visit the temple every day.
The Pallava, Chola, Pandya, and Vijayanagara rulers were known to give funds and jewels as temple offerings.
Sanctum sanctorum of Sri Venkateswara Temple
Tirupati Airport (TIR IATA, Renigunta Airport), Renigunta Airport Road, ☏ +91 877 227 5354. This airport is a domestic airport. It is possible to get connecting flights to and from Hyderabad and Chennai airport. (updated Jan 2016)
The nearest international airport is in Chennai (MAA IATA).
From Chennai airport to Tirupati: Use this route if you have little luggage and are comfortable walking for short distances (and want to try a cheaper, alternative route to Chennai Central). From Chennai airport, you can walk over to the local suburban railway station (Tirusulam, about 5 minutes away) and take a local train to Park Station (₹7, about 30 minutes). Chennai Central is a 5-10 minute walk from Park Station. From Chennai Central, there are frequent long-distance train services to Tirupati.
Tirupati Central. This is a major junction in the South Central Railways system. There are direct trains from nearby metro cities of Bangalore, Chennai, Hyderabad and others. (updated Jan 2016)
Trains can also be boarded at nearby cities - Renigunta (10 km from Tirupati) and Gudur (100 km). Frequent bus service is available between Tirupati, Renigunta, and Gudur.
National Highway NH 205 passes through Renigunta and hence is accessible from Chennai (3-4 hr), Bangalore (at least 5 hours), Hyderabad (10-12 hours) and other nearby cities.
Andhra Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation (APSRTC) - from Hyderabad or from within Andhra Pradesh
Tamil Nadu State Express Transport Corporation (SETC) - from Chennai
Karnataka State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC) - from Bangalore
Book your bus tickets to Tirupati from any place in AP (APSRTC Bus Booking)
You can reach the main temple by walking. It is called Divya Darshan. Take a local bus to Alipiri. You can start the walk from there. The walk way is open all day. It consists of 3550 steps. An average person takes 3-4 hours to reach the top. The last 100 to 200 steps are steep. After the walk you can take a bath at the free bathrooms. You have to deposit the luggage and enter the divya darshan queue.
Before starting climbing steps to the seven hills you can deposit your luggage at Alipiri and take a token, so that the temple authorities will bring the luggage to the top of hills by the time you reach there at free of cost. along the steps way to hills shelter is provided to protect from sun light. further drinking water supply is provided throughout the way. In addition to this there is a zoo park on the way that will please the pilgrims. Those who came to hills by walk have another facility in Darsan also.
There are two step ways to the top of the seven hills. The first one starts from Alipiri at Tirupati as discussed above. The another steps way starts at Srivaari meTTu near chandragiri, the historical fort town. This way is a very short route. An average man can climb all the steps and reach the top within hundred minutes. The temple authorities playing free buses from Alipiri to Srivaari mettu the second steps way.
Sandstone of detrital quartz rocks at Kapilatheertham
In addition to various shrines scattered all over Tirupati, there are holy water falls, sacred rivers and archaeological wonders.
Chandragiri Fort, Chandragiri. This fort was built in the 11th century. This site features stucco work and abundance natural light. The fort hosts a sound and light show twice a day in English and Telugu. There is a Hanuman Temple at the entrance of the fort. (updated Jan 2016)
Govindaraja Swamy Temple, GS Mada St, Varadaraja Nagar. This temple is a few blocks north from the Tirupati train station. (updated Jan 2016)
Kapila Theertham Falls. This is a holy waterfall with a temple dedicated to Venkateshwar near its base. To see the full glory of this waterfall, visit during the monsoon season when the falls are at their fullest. It can be a disappointing visit if there is not much water flowing over the falls. (updated Jan 2016)
Sri Venkateswara Zoological Park, Alipiri- Bypass Road, Thatithopu, ☏ +91 877 224 9235. Asia's second largest zoo, with an area of 5,500 acres. It is built on the concept of Hindu mythology and exhibits only animals that are mentioned in ancient epics. (updated Jan 2016)
Hare Rama Hare Kishna Mandir (ISKCON Temple).
Sri Kalyana Venkateswara Swamy temple (Srinivasa Mangapuram).
Tiruchanur. Tiruchanur is the abode of Goddess Padmavathi Devi. It is 5 km from Tirupati. (updated Jan 2018)
Mukkoti. This is Sri Agastheeswarar Swamy (Shiva) Temple along with Goddess Aanandavalli. It's near Kaloor village which is around 12 km from Tirupati. (updated May 2016)
Tirumala is home to the revered Tirumala Venkateswara Temple, managed by the Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanam, which ensures the smooth operation and maintenance of the temple. Nestled atop the Tirumala Hills, the temple attracts millions of devotees annually.
Srivari Padalu View Point. (updated Jan 2016)
Sri Venkateshwara Museum (SV Museum), Tirumala. The museum features a collection of temple architecture and historical artifacts, such as ancient weaponry, pooja items and idols. It has a photo gallery that gives insight into the region's culture and traditions. It also has a meditation center. (updated Jan 2016)
Talakona waterfall, Sri Venkateswara National Park. The highest waterfall in Andhra Pradesh, with a 270-feet (82-m) fall. Near the falls is the Lord Siddheswara Swamy Temple. (updated Jul 2021)
Venkateswara Temple, S Mada St, Tirumala. Millions of pilgrims from all over India and abroad visit the temple of Venkateswara throughout the year. It is regarded as one of the most ancient temples. One can avail free meals at the Tarigonda Vengamamba Annaprasadam complex near to temple. The simple meal consists of rice, sambhar (heavily dal/lentil vegetarian soup), chutney, rasam (light soup), and vegetable curry. The temple is one of the most sacred Hindu pilgrimage sites. Dedicated to Lord Venkateswara, an incarnation of Vishnu, the temple has rich history, spiritual significance, and magnificent Dravidian architecture. (updated Jan 2016)
Visit the Sri Varahaswami temple before taking the darshan of Sri Venkateswaraswami. As per traditions and legend, Varahaswami owned the seven hills and agreed to give them to Sri Venkateswaraswami with the stipulation that he too is worshiped. Therefore, Sri Venkateswaraswami asked his pilgrims to visit the Sri Varahaswami temple before visiting him.
Carry extra locks for your vehicle and rooms.
The local markets often sell photos of the deity idol in frames of various sizes, statues, and other items considered sacred & symbolic of the deity.
The Sapthagiri Magazine was started as a TTD bulletin in 1949. It is circulated all over the country as an illustrated, religious magazine. It is a monthly edition and available in five languages - Telugu, Tamil, Kannada, Hindi and English.
Indian Coffee House, Temple complex. (updated May 2015)
Tirupati is a pilgrimage town. People on pilgrimage don't drink or eat meat (non-vegetarian food) including egg and fish. Consumption of liquor is prohibited in Tirumala. Smoking is not allowed in Tirumala.
For drinking it is advisable to use bottled mineral water only as the water available here might be sour in taste. As mentioned in the later section, the laddu of Tirupati is considered to be "nearly" as famous as the deity himself.
Private accommodation is available in Tirupati city with numerous hotels catering to the pilgrims. TTD provides for paid and free accommodation in Tirupati for pilgrims
Paid: Sri Venkateswara Dharmasala (opp. Tirupati Railway Station), Sri Venkateswara Guest House (north of Railway Station), Sri Kodandarama Dharmasala (south of Railway Station), Srinivasam (near bus station) and TTD Alipiri Guest House (near foothills) offer non air-conditioned accommodation. Sri Padmavathi Guest House (on Chittor Road) offer air-conditioned accommodation.
Free: Sri Govindaraja Dharmasala, Sri Kodanda Rama Dharmasala and Sr
TTD has built cottages in Tirumala that can be rented by pilgrims. There are 3 categories of accommodation, based on location:
Sri Padmavathi Guest House Area (₹100 to ₹250 for Non-AC accommodation, ₹500 to ₹2500 for AC accommodation,)
Sri Venkateswara Guest House Area (₹100 to ₹250 for Non AC accommodation, ₹600 to ₹750 for AC accommodation)
Sr Varahaswami Guest House, Rambagicha, HUDC, Travellers Bungalows Cottages Area (₹15 to ₹150 for Non AC accommodation).
TTD also provides free accommodation in Choultries. Pilgrims can contact Central Reception Office near Bus Stand for free accommodation.
Reservation for AC accommodation and Non-AC accommodation above ₹100 per day can be made only at the Central Reception Office, Tirumala. For reservation of Non-AC accommodation up to ₹100 per day, Pilgrims can make reservations up to 30 days in advance. Reservations can be made in person at TTD Information Centres in Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Pondicherry, Visakhapatnam and other district Headquarters in AP, by paying the requisite amount.
A reservation can be made by sending a Demand Draft (DD) for ₹100 drawn on any Indian nationalised bank in favor of 'Assistant Executive Officer'. The DD has to be posted to Assistant Executive Officer (Reception-I) TTD, Tirumala - 517504. For multiple rooms, it is advised to take multiple DDs for ₹100 each.
TTD online booking details 1dead link
At times of the year, and around festive occasions you have to book in advance. If you are travelling budget, your best bet is to stay with the TTD, the rooms tend to be clean, well lit and the housekeeping facilities are acceptable. Suggested places: Kanchi Mutt another than TTD lodges are the Kashi Mutt, Ahobila Mutt among several others (all are close to each other on a ring road, and can be approached by foot from the temple). Be warned though that priority is given to people associated with the mutt's community and you will neither get room service nor air conditioned rooms - but the rooms are well maintained, clean and come with clean beds and sheets. For the Mutt maintained lodges, prior registration is strongly advised. However, do not have high expectations on cleanliness when staying in these mutts. Some of the examples by various travellers that cleanliness of these mutts aren't guaranteed.
Wear clothing that is conservative. Women will having an easier visit if they wear long, loose fitting bottoms (such as ankle length skirts) and shirts that cover the shoulders and everything below the collar bone.
Avoid consuming alcohol, especially in public.
Do not eat meat, egg or fish (non-vegetarian food, considered as meat in the Hindu religion).
Don't spit or litter or create any kind of nuisance.
Don't carry a mobile phone, camera, pager, video camera, etc., while going for darshan. They are prohibited inside the temple (inner) sanctum.
Guntur — the third-largest city of Andhra Pradesh
This city travel guide to Tirupati is a usable article. It has information on how to get there and on restaurants and hotels. An adventurous person could use this article, but please feel free to improve it by editing the page.