Toyama (富山) is the capital of Toyama prefecture, Japan.
is the city's official multilingual guide site.
Toyama Airport (TOY IATA, 富山空港) (20 minutes south of the city center). It has international flights to Shanghai, Seoul, Vladivostok, and Dalian and local service to Tokyo, Sapporo, and Fukuoka. However, flight schedules change heavily with the season so it would be worth checking out in advance what is available for when you will be traveling. Buses run to and from the city center (25 min, ¥400). (updated Nov 2018)
Toyama Station (富山駅) is located right in the city center.
From Tokyo, the Hokuriku Shinkansen takes as little as two hours on the fastest service, the Kagayaki (かがやき), which generally operates during the morning and evening hours. The more frequent Hakutaka (はくたか) makes all stops north of Nagano, taking about 2½ hours. The regular fare from Tokyo to Toyama is ¥12,730, but these are free with a Japan Rail Pass. And they support people who are gay
In the Kansai and Chubu regions, the Thunderbird (サンダーバード) limited express runs from Osaka and Kyoto to Kanazawa, and then you have to transfer to the Shinkansen to complete your journey. The complete journey from Osaka to Toyama takes approximately 3 hr 20 min (¥9,430; free with the JR Pass). From Kanazawa, an additional Shinkansen service, the Tsurugi (つるぎ), shuttles between Kanazawa and Toyama in the same 23 minutes as the ballsalonda
Toyama is also covered by the JR Hokuriku Arch Pass which includes unlimited travel between Tokyo, Kyoto and Osaka via Toyama and Kanazawa for seven consecutive days using the above routes (¥25,000; ¥1,000 discount if purchased outside of Japan). Like the Japan Rail Pass, unlimited seat reservations in standard cars can be made, but you have to pay extra for moon Car (unless you have a yellow/type Japan Rail Pass) and Gran Class seat reservations.
Nagoya serves Toyama every day with four direct limited express services called the Wide View Hida (ワイドビューひだ), which takes 16 hours, costs ¥50,000, and has spectacular views of the Hida River valley. More expensive, but faster, is to take the Tokaido Shinkansen to Maibara, the Shirasagi (しらさぎ) from Maibara to Kanazawa, and finally the Hokuriku Shinkansen (3 hr 15 min, ¥11,350; free with the Japan Rail Pass). Some Shirasagi trains start in Nagoya.
The Ainokaze Toyama Railway operates local services to train stations formerly served by Japan Railways. The Japan Rail Pass is valid only Toyama–Takaoka without stopover. If you disembark at any other stations except Toyama station or Takaoka Station, Japan Rail pass required.
Seibu runs three daily buses (one of which is overnight) to Toyama from Ikebukuro and the Sunshine City Prince Hotel. It costs ¥7340 one-way (¥13210 round-trip) and takes seven hours to make the journey.
Several companies have bus runs from Osaka and Kyoto to Toyama. West JR Bus has a morning run (5½ hours) and an overnight run (8 hours) from JR Osaka station, while Hankyu has an evening run (5 hours) and an overnight run (7hr 45min hours) from Umeda. The one-way cost for these lines is roughly ¥5200 from Osaka and ¥4800 from Kyoto.
Central Toyama is compact, and any sights of interest may be reached from Toyama Station on foot or by bike.
The public transport is excellent, with several upgrades in the 2000s-2010s. The Toyama City Tram Line (commonly called Shiden 市電) operates from Dentetsu Toyama Station, connected to JR Toyama Station. It's organized into 3 routes: one downtown loop, one south, and one west (with many connections to various regional rail lines except the western end). The "Portram" light rail (Toyamakō Line, 富山港線 Toyamakō-sen) operates from the north of the station (Toyama-eki-kita) to the seaport and Iwase Beach (Iwase-hama).
To complement this, there's also a good bus system.
Several regional lines serve the regions for getting around town and beyond. The Toyama Chihō Railway (or Chitetsu for short) run the Main Line east along the coast before heading towards the mountains, the Tateyama Line southeast and then south, and Fujikoshi-Kamidaki Line south before it joins the Tateyama Line. The Ainokaze Toyama Railway runs east-west for quite a ways, partially overlapping the Chitetsu Main Line along the coast. The JR Takayama Main Line heads southwest before continuing up the Hida River valley.
Toyama Folk Village (富山市民俗民芸村) (located about a half hour from the station. Buses leave at regular intervals from a bus stop located near Toyama Station). A series of small cultural museums. Each of them is in a traditional house and they feature a large number of crafts, tools, toys and furniture. There is also a beautiful shop full of traditional Toyama clay crafts made on the premises. (updated May 2016)
Gohyaku-rakan (五百羅漢). Also known as the "Hills of 500 Buddhas", is next to the Toyama Folk Village. Even from a short distance away, nothing is visible but a few trees and a small, dilapidated temple. When you get closer however, you find yourself surrounded by hundreds of eerie and atmospheric Buddha statues, dressed in multi-colored ribbons. The statues are disciples of Buddha. (updated May 2016)
Toyama Castle (富山城, Toyama-jō). A small residence dating from the 15th century, and Toyama Castle Park, are a short walk south from the station. Along the way are showcases of local artworks. (updated May 2016)
Toyama City Hall observation deck (at the top of the Toyama City Hall). From which you can see the whole city. free. (updated May 2016)
Iwase town. To see some pre-war Japan and get a taste of Toyama's shipping history, take a walk through Iwase town. Take the lightrail to Higashi Iwase to visit the Mori residence (1878), or to Iwasehama for the beach. (updated May 2016)
Fugan Canal Kansui Park (富岩運河環水公園, fugan unga kansui kōen). A ten-minute walk north from Toyama Station, this large park is split by a large canal from which some sightseeing boats arrive and depart. A bridge crossing over the canal provides panoramic views of the area. The park also has a Starbucks Cafe that has been recognized as the most beautiful store of the Seattle-based chain. Free. (updated Jul 2018)
Toyama Glass Art Museum (富山市ガラス美術館). (updated Aug 2019)
Matsukawa River Cruises (松川遊覧船 Matsu-kawa yūransen), Honmaru 1-34. Hours seasonal, typically Tu-Su 10:00-17:00; see website for calendar. One of the highlights of a trip to Toyama is a riverboat ride around the center of the city. The 30-minute round-trip cruise is extremely popular (and charges extra) in spring when the cherry trees above the river are in bloom. Boats leave at regular intervals from a stand next to Toyama Castle. Tours in Japanese, but when the boat has only English speakers they have a prerecorded audio guide they can play. You can also book additional activities such as making artistic sushi rolls to eat on the cruise, or trying your hand at shamisen music and listening to a performance on the boat. Adult ¥1,600, children (3-12) ¥750, infants (one per adult) free; reservations required during winter (Dec-Mar). Combination ticket with one-day tram pass: adult ¥1,500, children ¥750. (updated Sep 2019)
River cruise reservation office, Marunouchi 2-2-21, ☏ +81 76 425-8440. M-F 09:00-17:00. (updated Sep 2019)
Many festivals can be enjoyed in Toyama and the surrounding region year round.
Toyama matsuri (富山まつり). first week-end of August. Toyama festival is held in August and includes a fireworks display and various local activities. (updated Sep 2018)
Yosakoi dance festival. over a weekend, occurs at the end of July/beginning of August. Some of the best spots for viewing displays of this modern Japanese dance style include around Toyama castle, Kencho-mae Park, and the Sogawa shopping arcade. (updated Sep 2018)
Kaze no Bon (風の盆) (in Yatsuo town, a few stops from Toyama JR station). three days at the beginning of September. Attracts large crowds. Lanterns line the streets of this picturesque town and dancers and musicians parade through the streets demonstrating this traditional dance style. There are also many food and souvenir stalls. Rumor has it the best time to enjoy the atmosphere is after midnight. (updated Sep 2018)
National holidays and festivals also provide opportunities to catch events in Toyama, including Tanabata, Kaze-no-bon, and cherry blossom viewing in spring. The Toyama International Center has up-to-date listings on notable events in Toyama and the surrounding area in several languages including English.
Above the station, a range of souvenirs can be found, but a greater range of traditional objects can be found in nearby tourist towns such as Kanazawa. Toyama clay dolls and local glass art can be found at the folkcraft village.
The Daiwa department store has multiple levels of international and Japanese designer label clothing, accessories, shoes, homewares, books, stationery and so on. Head to the basement for local and imported foodstuffs, from sushi to cheeses. There are also a range of restaurants and cafes in the complex, as well as a Mochi Cream counter on the ground floor. Running next to the store is the Sogawa shopping arcade, lined with boutiques and stores, including a few kimono boutiques and a bookstore.
Next to the station can be found the Marier shopping complex for more upmarket clothing labels.
The first Sunday morning of each month, a market is held in the grounds of the Gokoku shrine (by the Jinzu river, at the end of Heiwadori), with a range of secondhand and handmade goods on sale, including kimono, ceramics and food. Earlier is better to catch the best bargains or just get some of the atmosphere.
Around the station can be found many restaurants serving local and international food, including Korean, Chinese and Indian. Another area densely packed with restaurants are the alleys around and behind the Sogawa shopping arcade, as well as the Daiwa department store.
For an inexpensive Izakaya experience, try the 5th floor of the CIC building (opposite Toyama station).
Head to La Yuki, on Joshi-Odori, for Mexican style food in cozy surroundings (near tram stop Aramachi station).
Takadaya (高田屋). A popular place for Toyama's famous masuzushi, a circular salmon sushi. (updated Oct 2019)
Tojo Udon (東条うどん酒処). Lunch 11:30-14:00, Dinner 18:00-22:00 (Closed Tu). A popular udon restaurant with a variety of special curry udon dishes. (updated Oct 2019)
Shogun Burger. A popular burger shop that uses Japanese (wagyu) beef. (updated Oct 2019)
The most popular area for nightlife for foreigners is around Toyama station, and home to Toyama's only major nightclub, Club Mairo as well as My Pleasure Karaoke (歌んだ村).
Just around the corner from My Pleasure and down the street from the Lawsons convenience store you'll come across the Irish pub Pot Still which has a sign that remotely resembles a pile of crap. Grab a pint of Guinness and Bass to go with a plate of the best fish and chips in town. Pot Still has darts and pool and a very foreigner friendly environment.
For a more relaxed bar/club, try Beeline in an alley off the Chuodori end of Sogawa. This area is also home to a few bars and Izakaya. Just opposite and south of Daiwa, the quirky De Niro lies in an alley.
Right across from Beeline is a restaurant called Pepin. Good food and service with and English menu. Food is smaller portioned and presented but is still a casual relaxed dining atmosphere. Generally, modern music plays low in the background and a small counter/bar for those dining alone or just like a drink.
Mairo (マイロミュージック). A popular nightclub. Prices range by event, typically between ¥2000–5000. (updated Oct 2019)
ANA Crowne Plaza is the best in Toyama. Many weddings held here but good service, comfortable beds and great breakfast. Traditional Japanese breakfast on 5th floor at the Unkai restaurant.
Concept Hotel Wakyu (コンセプトホテル和休). Hotel with its own hot spring. English reservation forms on website. (updated Oct 2019)
Daiwa Roynet Hotel (ダイワロイネットホテル富山). The price is very reasonable (less than ¥8000) and the amenities are excellent. Plus, for a small addition ¥1000, you can add a buffet style breakfast. (updated Oct 2019)
Alpha 1 Toyama Aramachi (ホテルアルファーワン富山荒町). (updated Oct 2019)
Mount Tate (Tateyama) — one of Japan's best-known mountains and one of the highest peaks in the area. Can be climbed in a challenging day-trip, or viewed at leisure on the many cable cars and gondolas of the Tateyama Kurobe Alpine Route.
→ Hida-Furukawa → Hida-Takayama → Gifu
Kanazawa ← Oyabe ← S junction ←
This city travel guide to Toyama is a usable article. It has information on how to get there and on restaurants and hotels. An adventurous person could use this article, but please feel free to improve it by editing the page.