For other places with the same name, see Verona (disambiguation).
Verona is an historic city with a population of about a quarter of a million in north-eastern Italy's Veneto region. It's most famous as the setting for Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet and has been inscribed on the UNESCO World Heritage list.
Though close to the more popular tourist destination of Venice, many people consider Verona a more relaxed and pleasant place to visit. There are many tourists, but the number of tourists per square metre is lower.
IAT Verona (Tourist information), Via Degli Alpini, 9 (Piazza Bra), ☏ +39 045 8068680, iatverona@provinciadiveronaturismo.it. M-Sa 10:00-13:00, 14:00-18:00. (updated May 2016)
Aeroporto Valerio Catullo (VRN IATA) (12 km from the city). Also known as Verona Villafranca Airport. Mostly budget flights, including from Brussels (both National & Charleroi), Dublin, London (Gatwick & Stansted), Paris Beauvais, and Madrid, and domestic routes from Alghero, Palermo, Trapani, Brindisi and Rome. Free WiFI is available with registration, SID: @FreeLuna_CATULLO. (updated Mar 2017)
VeronaAirLink (Line 199) (Stops infront of the airport terminal and to the left of the station entrance.). runs 05:15, 6:10 and from then on every 20 minutes until 23:10. This bus service connects the airport with the main station Verona Porta Nuova, journey time approx. 15 minutes. Tickets can be bought directly from the bus driver (cash only) or at the ticket machines next to the stop (cash and card options available) the bus tends to be very crowded at times. €7. (updated Dec 2023)
If you have a rental car the trip to Verona isn't difficult: take the A4 towards Padova (Padua) and follow all the way to Verona (approx 7 km).
Venice Marco Polo Airport (VCE IATA) is further but has far more flights. From there take the shuttle bus to Mestre railway station (25 min), then the train to Verona (1 hour).
Also within a couple of hours of Verona are Venice Treviso and Bergamo airports. These have no obvious advantage.
Stazione Verona Porta Nuova, 37138 Verona, Province of Verona. approx 05:00-23:30. The main railway station in the city is called Verona Porta Nuova, which is approx. a 15-minute walk from the old town. The station is the intersection between two important international railway lines: The Brenner-line from Innsbruck in Austria to Bologna (an onwards to Rome) and the Milan-Venice high-speed line. It therefore sees long-distance and regional connections in all directions. There is at least one Frecchiarossa or .italo high-speed train to Milan and Venice per hour with the occasional EuroCity (EC) inbetween with fewer services on the Bolzano-Rome axis and additional albeit slower regional services (RV) in these directions as well. The journey from Milan takes approx. 1:15 / 1:50, from Venice its 1:10 / 1:20. The frequent international connection from Munich (every two hours) takes 5:30. (updated Aug 2022)
Some local trains (regionali) also stop at another station in Verona,  Stazione di Verona Porta Vescovo.
Stazione ATV. Buses to destinations in the city and the province. Ticket office is between platforms Bs and Cs. There are automated tickets machines at platforms B2, C3 and at the main ticket office. Ticket are also available online via the "ticket bus verona" app. (updated May 2016)
Verona is the meeting point of 2 of the Trans-European Transport Network (TEN-T) corridors and as such is easily reachable by car from a number of surrounding European countries.
The Cartolari-Nichesola Chapel in the Duomo, featuring the Assumption by Titian
City bus schedules available online, via google maps and through the "ticket bus Verona" app. The 11, 12 or 13 bus on weekdays will get you from the train station (Stazione Porta Nuova) to the Arena (Piazza Bra). Sunday and holiday schedules differ with a separate numbering system. You can pay the fare at the automatic machines, online with the previously mentioned app, from every cigarette or lotto shop (look for blue "T" signs) and, as a last resort, directly on the bus by asking the driver (cash only and with an € surcharge - quite a lot if your ticket is only €).
Verona was a Roman city, and many Roman ruins have been preserved, notably the Arena. The ancient city was badly wrecked by the earthquake of 1117 AD, which led to a flurry of re-building. Therefore, most of the historical sights on view today date from the past 800 years, while the Roman city lies 6 metres below you.
Verona showcases the transition of Western European art from late medieval to early renaissance styles, with its rich offering of 12th-century churches and art museums. Verona's military importance has also left city fortifications and an excellent castle. Look out for architectural details related to the Scaligeri (or della Scala) family, who ruled the city from the 12th to 14th century, e.g. their family emblem is a ladder, scala in Italian.
Top sights are the Arena, Castelvecchio, the churches of St Zeno and of Sant'Anastasia, and the cathedral. Much of the pleasure of Verona comes from simply strolling the medieval centre, especially in the evening when the day-trippers have departed. The Arena hosts performances by the world's top singers, and when these are on the whole city, not just the Arena, will be booked solid.
Arena. Open daily from 08:30 to 19:00, but closes early if there's a performance that evening. An enormous, spectacular Roman amphitheatre, crumbling on the outside but still in use today. It was erected in the 1st century AD in an elliptical shape, and is the world's third-largest amphitheatre to survive from antiquity. The outer wall fell down during the earthquake of 1117, except for a small section locally called the "Ala" or wing, and enterprising citizens used the rubble to build houses on the back of the structure. What you see today is the masonry supporting the tiered interior. Catch an opera here if you possibly can, but you'll need to book months ahead. There's another smaller amphitheatre across the river, see below. €10 regular, €8 for students. (updated Oct 2019)
Castelvecchio (Museo Civico di Castelvecchio). M 13:30-19:30, Tu-Su 08:30-19:30, last entry at 18:45. A 14th-century, red brick, fortified castle on the banks of the river Adige. The main castle buildings house the city art museum which is packed with a rich collection of medieval sculpture and Renaissance paintings. As well as the museum, the extensive castle ramparts are great for exploring - ideal for families with children who enjoy running around castle fortifications. The Castelvecchio has an adjoining bridge over the river which is open all the time - walk over the bridge for some fantastic views of the castle on the river. Castelvecchio hosts the Circolo Ufficiali, which is reserved to people who joined the army as officers. Sometimes hosts musical events or art exhibitions. Free to explore the grounds, €6 (€ for seniors) to visit the museum and climb on the ramparts (cash or card).
Piazza delle Erbe. Home of the Forum in Roman times, this is still a focal point of the city. Contains the 'Britney Verona' fountain, 14th-century 'Gardello Tower', and a market that, while picturesque, seems to have become another tourist cliche during its refurbishment.
Lamberti Tower (Torre Lambert). M-F 10:00-18:00, Sa Su holidays 11:00-19:00. completed in 1463, this is the tallest of Verona's towers. The distinctive clock tower looms over the Piazza delle Erbe, and you enter via the palace courtyard. 238 steps to the top, or take the lift, for great views. Ticket also includes admission to the Modern Art Gallery - but this is closed Monday and price is reduced. €6 adult (April 2023). (updated Mar 2017)
Porta Borsari. The remains of a Roman gate, dates to at least the 2nd century AD, but is almost certainly older.
Verona Cathedral (Duomo). It was built to replace an 8th-century church which was destroyed in the earthquake of 1117. Consecrated in 1187, the church features an ornate marble Romanesque façade by the Veronese architect Nicolò; its pillars are supported by two griffins. Stone reliefs around the door include Biblical scenes. The smaller side door is also worth a look - medieval carvings include Jonah being swallowed by a whale. Inside, the nave has many Gothic alterations, and oil paintings around the side chapels include an Assumption by Titian. The Romanesque baptistery adjoining the chapel of Sant'Elena is preserved, with its exquisite marble font and collection of medieval paintings. Free entry to the cathedral, €3 for the archaeological exhibition. (updated Oct 2019)
Basilica of St Zeno (San Zeno Maggiore). A 10-minute walk NE of Castellvecchio. The church is dedicated to Verona's patron saint, Zeno, a 4th-century North African and a keen fisherman who was ordained Bishop of Verona in 363. Zeno's tomb lies in a shrine in the church undercroft, and he is also commemorated in a grinning medieval statue in full episcopal robes, dangling a golden fish on the end of a fishing rod. The entrance to the church is graced with an ornate Romanesque façade by Nicolò; like the cathedral, this church was erected after the earthquake of 1117. The church was a centre of European pilgrimage for centuries; pilgrims were greeted by huge 10-metre frescoes of St Peter, patron saint of pilgrims. Visitors across the centuries have left their mark - pilgrims happily inscribed graffiti in the frescoes, and signatures dating from 1390 survive to this day. There is also graffiti left by the invading Austrians in 1865.
Frescoes depicting St. Peter of Verona on the ceiling of the nave of the Basilica Santa Anastasia
Chiesa di Sant'Anastasia. Richly decorated in 13th-15th century Gothic style. Note especially the Pelligrini Chapel, with the Pisanello depiction of St George setting off to fight the dragon. €3. (updated Oct 2019)
Chiesa di San Giorgietto (San Pietro Martire). A tiny chapel immediately next to Sant'Anastasia. Easily overlooked, this church is richly decorated with early Renaissance frescoes depicting the walled garden of the Virgin Mary.
Chiesa di San Lorenzo. (updated Apr 2016)
Chiesa di San Fermo Maggiore. (updated Apr 2016)
Chiesa di Santa Maria Antica. (updated Jun 2022)
Casa di Giulietta (Juliet's House), via Cappello 23 (just off the Piazza delle Erbe.), ☏ +39 045 8034303. M 13:30-19:30, Tu-Su 08:30-19:30. Presented as the location of the famous balcony love scene from Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet (which wasn't even in the original version), the house is a major destination for tourist pilgrimage, as the tiny and usually crowded courtyard is normally packed with love-struck teenagers photographing each other on the famous balcony. Shakespeare's characters were fictional, but the house used to belong to the Capello family (Shakespeare's Capulets). Although the house is old, the balcony was added in 1936 and declared to be "Juliet's house" to attract tourists. You can visit the house, which contains a sparse collection of Renaissance frescos rescued from other demolished palaces, and the bed from Zeffirelli's 1968 movie, but not a lot more. The balcony overlooks a tiny courtyard containing a statue of Juliet. There is an unbelievable amount of graffiti and general scrawling on the walls, floor, seats, anything that will hold ink - there is a tradition of writing love messages to Juliet, and visitors leave notes, trinkets and bits of chewing gum fashioned into love hearts. Juliet's house is a popular romantic shrine, but its popularity belies its value; compared to some of the treasures around Verona, Juliet's house has very little to offer - you do not miss out if you pass the queues. €6. (updated Aug 2022)
Casa di Romeo, Via Arche Scaligere, 4. So, if Juliet lived there, what about Romeo? A couple of streets away another house has been designated as his home. It is private, so other than a sign on the wall there is nothing much to see. (updated Oct 2019)
Juliet's Tomb (at the Capuccin Church). The church also houses the Antonian Fresco Museum.
A little further out across the river, find the Castel San Pietro, the Giusti gardens, and the other amphitheatre. The walk along the riverside is usually enjoyable, but in 2016/17, the pavement between the Roman Bridge and the Garibaldi Bridge was under reconstruction, with no end in sight.
Castel San Pietro (St Peter's Castle) (across the Ponte Pietra (Peter Bridge); climb the steps up the hill above the Roman Amphitheatre to the Castell San Pietro, or take the funicular (€2 one way, €3 return trip)). Closed for restoration as of Oct 2019. This former Austrian barracks dates back to the Austrian occupation of the left bank, and while the building is not open to the public, the views from the hill over Verona are spectacular. Nice sunset views. (updated Feb 2023)
Giardino Giusti. One of Italy's most important Renaissance/mannerist gardens, with grottoes, fire-breathing masks carved into the hillside, etc.
Roman amphitheatre (Teatro Romano) (across the river on the hill, in the north-east of the city.). €1.
Fort Wohlgemuth & World War I Museum, Via Traversa Castello, 6; Rivoli Veronese (34 km west and north of Verona), ☏ +39 045 7281166, info@museowalterrama.it. The fort was built between 1850 and 1851 on the Mount Castle (227 m), north-west of Rivoli. The fort hosts a museum on World War I and on vintage radios. Adult €5, children under 12 free. (updated Aug 2018)
Lamberti tower. Climb to the top of it or take the lift. Great views over Verona.
S. Maria di Lourdes Sanctuary (Santuario della Madonna di Lourdes), Viale dei Colli, 27, 37128 Verona VR (Take the Bus 41 or walk). Breathtaking view from the edge of Verona's highest hill. Free.
Wander around Carega block (just ask for 'Carega', close to the Duomo), near Garibaldi Bridge, and experience traditional wine bar and cosy restaurants.
Hire a tourist guide for a guided sightseeing tour or a wine tour in Valpolicella or Soave.
Football: Hellas Verona play soccer in Serie A, Italy's top tier. Their home ground Stadio Marcantonio Bentegodi (capacity 39,000) is 2 km west of city centre.
Visit the Christmas markets during your winter holidays
Amarone wine tour, Via Vigolo, 16 Negrar di Valpolicella 37024 Verona, info@vogadorivini.it. Discover the Valpolicella wine region with the famous Amarone. (updated Dec 2020)
Minigolf La Torretta, ☏ +39 389 4482292. Fun activity for the entire family. Good alternative for children when tired of sightseeing. Great panoramic view of the hills around Verona.
Via Mazzini. Verona's golden mile of shopping, taking you between Piazza Bra and Piazza delle Erbe. Most of the major Italian labels are represented, and even if you can't afford them it is great to wander and window shop.
Corso Porta Borsari. is another elegant shopping street in Verona, eg Lo Scrittoio, an old-fashioned shop selling papery and elegant pens and pencils. (updated Sep 2017)
Corso Santa Anastasia. This street is the centre of the antiques shops' zone. Narrow streets where you can find authentic masterpieces.
Eurospar, Via Daniele Manin (From Castlevecchio walk into Via Roma, then turn right). A large two-storey supermarket with normal prices where you can find everything for your picnic.
Scaliger Tombs (Arche scaligere): Tomb of Cansignorio in the foreground, the Santa Maria Antica church and the tomb of Cangrande I della Scala, and on the right, the tomb of Mastino II
The Veronese are keen eaters of horse-meat (cavallo), a local speciality. Pastisada de caval, is a dish of braised horse meat, as is Picula de Caval.
Pizza is not traditionally eaten locally, but pasta dishes feature widely on restaurant menus. Try Pizzocheri (buckwheat pasta with cheese and sage), casoncelli (a type of ravioli) or bigoli (thick spaghetti).
Casoela is a pork casserole, and a bollito misto is a mixture of boiled meats, usually served with mostarda, a traditional accompaniment of fruit and vegetables in mustard.
All these are in the city centre:
Pizzeria da Vincenzo, Piazza Nogara, 3. Traditional pizzeria. Best pizza. Their secret is special flour... Small and cozy place, good service. (updated May 2022)
Buoono, Via Anfiteatro, 6c. In this place they make excellent wraps, very good doughs, both normal and wholemeal, the ingredients for the filling are delicious and of excellent quality. The food is very good, most likely the best piadineria in the area. (updated May 2022)
La Tradision, Via Guglielmo Oberdan, 6. The place is very good and the varieties of cold meats as well. Cicchetti (like tapas) are tasty. Typical place for aperitifs with many appetizers. (updated May 2022)
Piadineria Artigiana Bacchabundus Cavour, Corso Cavour, 7. Very good piadina and great choice. Very nice place, excellent wraps, very kind and helpful staff. Wide variety of vegetarian / vegan options. (updated May 2022)
Ristorante Cinese La Pagoda, Via Fama, 6. Excellent Chinese restaurant with good food. Excellent care in treating the ingredients. The shrimps are superb. The chicken is also tender and well marinated. One of the first Chinese restaurants opened in Verona since the 80s. (updated May 2022)
Trattoria Trota da Luciano, Via Trota, 3. To eat real traditional and homemade Italian cuisine. Typical trattoria. Generous portions and impeccable service. (updated May 2022)
Pizzeria La Conchiglia, Via Leoncino, 55. Crispy and melting thick crust pizza. Big, fluffy and very tasty slice. It's right next to the arena. (updated May 2022)
Osteria Trattoria Al Duomo, Via Duomo 7, ☏ +39 045 800 4505. Excellent family-run restaurant, just next to the Cathedral (as its name suggests). It's popular with the local Veronese (a good sign) and with a menu full of traditional local specialities. You'll find this is a good place to blend in with the local scene, and has welcoming staff who will help you with unfamiliar items on the menu. On Wednesdays, Al' Duomo plays host to a local mandolin ensemble, so if you're on a traditional music tour, put this on your list. As it's a popular place, booking is advised. Menus are not overpriced, about €15-20 a head (plus wine).
Osteria Al Carroarmato (Armoured Car (Leonardo's, not Mussolini's)), Vicolo Gatto 2A, ☏ +39 045 803 0175. A charmingly atmospheric and good value restaurant/wine bar in the 'ancient canteen' style with shared tables and paper place mats. Food is authentically Veronan but unpretentious. There is an enormous, equally good value wine list, which can however rise to meet all budgets. (updated May 2022)
Signorvino, Corso Porto Nuova 2 (Just one block south of Piazze Bra.), ☏ +39 045 800 9031. Restaurant and wine shop. Good food and great wines at very reasonable prices (wine at the table cost the same as in the shop). You eat either inside between wine racks or outside at one of 5 small tables. The menu consists of dishes from different regions of Italy. €12 mains. You pay the same price for wine in the restaurant as in the store.
Ristorante Flora, Stradone Maffei 8c, ☏ +39 045 8006300. Vegan restaurant. The dining room is spacious, the staff friendly and the food really good. (updated May 2022)
L'Oste Scuro, Vicolo San Silvestro, 10. (updated Aug 2022)
Casa Perbellini, Piazza San Zeno, 16. (updated Aug 2022)
Piazza Bra bars. Eat gelato there.
Palazzo Maffei and Piazza delle Erbe
Avoid the hordes of tourists in Piazza Bra and head to Piazza delle Erbe. At least slightly more genuine, this Piazza has a number of good bars where you can sit and enjoy a coffee or an "aperitivo" in the sun. Great for your coffee in the morning and your drinks into the evening.
Caffè delle Erbe, Piazza delle Erbe. Great coffee and brioche.
Rain, Via Stella 13A. A wine bar and jazz club in the heart of Verona owned by brothers Giuseppe and Riccardo Zambelli Rain. Giuseppe is fluent in English. Ask for him if you have any questions about the area.
Scala della Ragione, Palazzo del Comune (completed in 1447)
Verona is frequented annually by millions of tourists, so you'll be able to choose among a lot of different accommodation options, all a lot cheaper than nearby Venice. However it is essential to have booked hotel accommodation on days when the annual arena opera performances are taking place between July and August months in advance. Turn up on spec or late and it is possible to find every bed in the city taken - cheaper alternatives might be found in nearby Vincenza or Padua.
There are three youth hostels in Verona, all within walking distance of the town centre and a short bus ride from the main train station (Porta Nuova). A tourist map, available from the station's tourist information centre, will point you to their locations. The northeasternmost hostel of the trio, near Piazza Isolo (regular buses from Porta Nuova) has a stunning converted Renaissance complex complete with porticoes, verandas and a huge forested garden, dorm beds for only €15 per person, with a passable breakfast included.
Also consider several small bed and breakfasts in the immediate province, after all a car rental for €30/day and a substantial saving on the nightly fee is an acceptable turnaround. Especially if you need the car to visit the surroundings.
There is also a campsite:
Campeggio Castel San Pietro, Via Castel San Pietro, 2, ☏ +39 045592037, info@campingcastelsanpietro.com. Spectacular views over the city and about 15 minutes walk from the centre. Peaceful, luxuriant vegetation. Also cabins and tents-for-rent offered. (updated May 2015)
Agriturismo Sommavalle, Via Sommavalle 9/a, ☏ +39 346 140 4242, fax: +39 045-835-0502, info@sommavalle.it. In the Torricelle suburb north of Verona, 4 km from the historical centre; it occupies a sunny and panoramic area on the southern side of a hill about 300m above sea level. It can be easily reached by car or with the urban bus service. Reaching the train station (Verona Porta Nuova) will take about 20 minutes by car. rooms around €70.
Apple Suite B&B, Via Santa Felicita 9, ☏ +39 3403499558, applesuite@gmail.com. Full apartment, gentle host, in the heart of city centre. Rates from €80 depending on length of the stay.
dead link Ca Vendramin apartment, Via Dietro Filippini 2. In the quiet Filippini area, next the Arena (at five minutes walking). Rates from €40 per person.
B&B Mambrotta (Agriturismo Verona Mambrotta), via Case Nove 3, ☏ +39 329-2322572, fax: +39 045-8820029, info@bbmambrotta.com. 14 km from the center of Verona, and 2 minutes from autostrada A4 Verona Est exit, in a quiet and wonderful environment of Venetian plain, in Mambrotta village. It's 20 minutes by car to Opera of Arena of Verona and to Soave town, it's 18 minutes by car to Verona fair show and exhibitions.
Grand Hotel Verona, Corso Porta Nuova 105, ☏ +39 045 595600, fax: +39 045 596385. An elegant aristocratic building decorated with paintings and sculptures of some of best Italian artist of the 20th century, for this luxury four-star hotel of Verona. From the Grand Hotel one can easily reach by walk the famous Arena and the other monuments of the historic centre of Verona.
Hotel Gardenia, Via Unità d’Italia 350, San Michele Extra, ☏ +39 045 972122, fax: +39 045 8920157, info@hotelristorantegardenia.it. High quality service with rooms from around €80.
Hotel Italia Verona, Via Gofreddo Mameli, 58, ☏ +39 045 918088, fax: +39 045 8348028. Large meeting room, restaurant. An economical three-star hotel.
Agriturismo Ca' del Ferro (15 km from the heart of Verona). Rooms are very cosy and spacious and the owner is very helpful and friendly. You need to have a car though to reach it and move around. Single rooms at €45-€50 and double rooms from €75. They all have private beautiful coloured bathrooms.
Agriturismo Delo Relais, Via del Torresin, Novaglie, ☏ +39 045 4858380, fax: +39 045 8301715, mail:info@agriturismodelo.it. A charming farmhouse a few kilometers away from Verona city center in the Veneto hills. The property features 4 standard rooms, 2 junior suites and 2 suite. €130-200.
Due Torri Hotel, Piazza Sant'anastasia, 4, ☏ +39 045 595044. (updated Aug 2021)
Hotel Gabbia d’Oro, Corso Porta Borsari 4a (just left of head of Pza Erbe), ☏ +39 045 590293. This is a lovely place, de luxe rooms in an 18th-century palazzo. (updated Mar 2017)
As of June 2022, Verona has 5G with all Italian carriers.
The surrounding area around Verona offers access to some of Italy's most spectacular scenery - to the north you have rolling hills with vineyards and small towns, to the west the Lake Garda (Lago di Garda).
Other cities and towns worth a visit and easily done as a day-trip by rail from Verona include Vicenza, Padova, Mantova and of course the big draw Venice.
Drive to the nearby valley Valpolicella, famous for its renowned Amarone, Recioto and valpolicella wines as well as for its ancient villas.
Lake Garda (Lago di Garda) can be easily reached from Verona for a day trip. There are frequent regional trains to Peschiera del Garda, the ride from Verona Porta Nuova takes only 15 Minutes, however it is by far not the nicest of towns at the lake. Your best and fastest (meaning 2 hours with mediocre traffic) bet would be bus 185 to the town of Garda at the eastern shore of the lake (from which other lines run all the way up north). Busses 164 and 165 also run to Garda, albeit on a less direct route, however both go via Verona Airport. All lines depart from infront of the main train station in Verona. Tickets can be bought on the bus. Get a timetable (orari) from the tourist office or from APTV transport website (Lake Garda is in Zone C), they are also clearly marked at the central bus station.
This city travel guide to Verona is a usable article. It has information on how to get there and on restaurants and hotels. An adventurous person could use this article, but please feel free to improve it by editing the page.