Krishna river near Vijayawada Prakasam Barrage
Vijayawada is the second largest city in Andhra Pradesh, India. It is on the banks of the Krishna River, bounded by the Indrakeeladri Hills on the west and the Budameru stream on the north. Its name literally translates to "The Place of Victory". It is also known as Bezawada.
Vijayawada is in Krishna District and is known as the business capital of Andhra Pradesh. It is just 20 km from the legislative capital Amaravati. It is spread over an area of 61 km² (urban area) with a population of over 1 million people (agglomeration  million) (2011).
NTR Amaravati International Airport (VGA IATA, Vijayawada Airport), ☏ +91 86762 52729. This is an international airport roughly 12 miles (20 km) to the east of Vijayawada. It has only one integrated terminal (although passengers departing on international flights must now complete security, immigration and customs at the interim international terminal first, then go to the main terminal, with a free shuttle and premium check-in available). (updated Jan 2016)
Unlike major international airports, there is only domestic connectivity from several cities in India. There was only one international flight to Singapore in 2018. There are several hotels close to the airport, including the guest house provided by the Airports Authority of India (AAI).
IndiGo connects the city with Bangalore, Delhi, Chennai, Hyderabad, Tirupati, Visakhapatnam and Mumbai. SpiceJet connects the city with Bangalore, Hyderabad and Pondicherry. Air India connects the city with Delhi and Hyderabad.
Vijayawada is along the Chennai-Howrah, and Chennai-Delhi rail routes, the largest railway junction of the South Central Railways, and with frequent service to Hyderabad.
Vijayawada Junction railway station. (updated Apr 2020)
Travel by rickshaw was once the most common mode of transportation in city. It is now rarely seen on the road. If you can find a rickshaw, they are often a good, cheap ride to most locations within the city.
Not to be confused with a regular rickshaw, these metal and motorized vehicles can take you around the city. Ensure you bargain the fare with the driver before making the trip. There is commonly no meter fitted, so if you don't bargain you might end up paying a lot more based on excuses such as 'there was too much traffic' or 'you didn't know the directions'. There are also pre-paid auto kiosks at the railway station (near the front entrance) and at the bus station, where a policeman or a clerk can give you a printed or written bill for the auto fare, and the driver cannot charge anything more than that amount.
There are very few car-taxis in Vijayawada. You can, though, call up a cab hire (Jahnavi Car Travels, 0866-2474394) and have the taxi pick you up. Ola Cabs is the latest addition in this sector which allows you to hire a taxi via Android, iOS and Windows applications.
There are many car rental companies available.
Most parts of the city and suburbs are knitted together by the bus network run by the APSRTC. A local bus is generally referred to as a 'City bus', and can be boarded at numerous bus-stops spread all across the city. Most bus-stops do not have a timetable displayed, so you have to catch a bus simply by reading the nameplate on the top. Also, during rush hour (which is usually around 8:30AM and 4:30PM and evening rush-hour may continue well until PM), there is a lot of hassle when a bus halts, as people trying to get on and off the same time. Overcrowded buses can be tedious and suffocating and are best avoided. If you have to take a bus at all, it is better to try boarding one that has enough room inside.
You have to purchase a ticket when you board a bus, and make sure you have the right amount of change with you.
The inter-city bus station is in Krishnalanka, from where state-owned transport corporation APSRTC plies buses to every corner of state. You go to almost any place in the Andhra Pradesh from here.
There are private buses that connect the city with Guntur, Hyderabad, Visakhapatnam, Bangalore, Pune and Tirupati over a comfortable night-journey, though there are also options for the day-traveller. The tickets for these have to be booked at the offices of the operators.
Akkanna Madanna Rock cut Caves in Vijayawada
Gandhi Hill. The first Gandhi Memorial with seven stupas in the country was constructed on this hill at a height of 500 ft (150 m). The 52 ft (16 m) stupa was unveiled on 6 October 1968 by Dr. Zakir Hussain, the President of India. Gandhi Memorial Library, a Sound and Light Show on Mahatma Gandhi's life and a planetarium are the other attractions. A toy train journey will be a memorable experience at that height on the hill.
Krishnaveni Mandapam (River Valley Museum). This is in front of Prakasham Barrage. It was constructed by Vijayawada Industrialists & Fertilizers Association. It consists of 4 rooms depicting the story of Krishna River and also statue of Krishnaveni. Krishna River on the bank consists of Bridge Museum, just beside the bus stand. Some more places to visit nearby are Swathantra Samarayodhula Samsthanam which too is beside Pushkar Ghat.
Lenin Statue. Vijayawada was governed by communists in the 1980s, and Vladimir Lenin and Karl Marx can be found as statues in the city.
Victoria Museum. A place for archaeology lovers, Victoria Museum has a carefully preserved collection of ancient sculptures, paintings, idols, weapons, cutlery, and inscriptions.
Statue of Social Justice (Dr. B. R. Ambedkar Memorial). Dedicated to Indian polymath, statesman and social reformer B. R. Ambedkar, a father of the Indian Constitution. It's 38 m tall and stands on a 25 m tall base building, making its total height 63 m, the 4th tallest statues in India. It was unveiled by Y. S. Jagan Mohan Reddy, Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh, on 19 January 2024. (updated Feb 2024)
Gunadala Matha Shrine. In 1925, Rf. Arlati, the Rector of St. Joseph's Orphanage at Gunadala, installed a statue of Our Lady. Later, a church was built and consecrated in 1971 and is known as St. Mary's church. Since then, the Feast of Our Lady of Lourdes has become an annual event, attended by hundreds of people. The church is situated on a hillock on the eastern side of the city. (updated Jan 2016)
Hazarat Bal Mosque. A holy relic of the Prophet Mohammed is kept here and displayed once a year. A large number of non-Muslims join the celebrations, too. (updated Jan 2016)
Hinkar Thirtha (Jain Temple), Mangalagiri. Hinkar Thirtha is a Jain temple. It is stated to be the biggest Jain temple in the region. (updated Jan 2016)
Kanaka Durga Temple. This temple is on a hill (Indrakeeladri) overlooking the city and the River Krishna. One can either motor up the ghat road or take the steps on foot. Inscriptions of different dynasties are found in the temple. During the Dasara Festival, thousands of devotees come from the city and its environs throng to the temple after a holy dip in the River Krishna. (updated Jan 2016)
Sri Nagarala Sri Maha Lakshmi Ammavaru Temple. This temple is in the area of Chiitinagar. During the Dasara Festival, thousands of devotees arrive from the city. It is maintained by the Nagaralu Community.
Subramanya Swamy Temple. This temple is on a hill (Indrakeeladri) overlooking the city as well as the River Krishna. One can take to the steps on foot. During Skanda Shashti Festival, thousands of devotees come from the city. Some even come from as far away as Tamil Nadu. This Temple is maintained by the Iddipilli Family.
Bhavani Island. Bhavani Island is on Krishna River close to the city. AP Tourism is converting this 133-acre (54-hectare) island into a tourist spot and a river-front resort. The island offers some cottages to stay in and some adventure and fun sports. The journey to the island by boat is very pleasant.
Mogalarajapuram Caves. These caves are said to have been excavated in the 5th century AD. The caves are reputed to be the first of their kind in South India. The idols of Lord Nataraja, Vinayaka & Arthanareeswara are carved here.
Prakasam Barrage. Built across the river Krishna connecting this city with Amaravati, Prakasam Barrage has created a panoramic lake. Its three canals that run through the city give Vijayawada a Venetian look.
Rajiv Gandhi Park. Created by the Vijayawada Municipal Corporation with great care, this park is at the entrance of the city and features an impressive horticultural network. It also has a mini zoo and a musical water fountain.
Indira Gandhi Stadium. (updated Mar 2021).
Besant Road. The busiest business area in Vijayawada. Near this road is a dense concentration of cinemas, shops and restaurants. (updated Jan 2016)
PVP Square Mall, Mahatma Gandhi Rd, Labbipet. This mall is one of the larger malls and houses many international brands. It is more akin to western style malls. There is a food court and cinema. (updated Jan 2016)
Mahatma Gandhi Road (Bandar Road). This stretch of road that lays between Eluru Road and Frontage Road has a large cluster of shops both sides. There are several cinemas and large malls in this area. (updated Jan 2016)
Andhra style lunch is very inexpensive and contains many ingredients.
Blue Fox Bar and Restaurant, Congress Office Rd, Buckinghampeta. (updated Jan 2016)
The Chocolate Room, 54-15-11B, NH5 Frontage Road, Bharathi Nagar, ☏ +91 866 655 6655. The Chocolate Room places an emphasis on a hip, modern atmosphere. Service can be slow, but this place is geared more towards those who are seeking a place to "chill" and be seen, not those who are on a lunch business meeting. (updated Jan 2016)
Hotel Anjaneya Vilas. This location serves authentic Andhra food in the Kaleswara Rao Market. There can be long lines but the food is often worth it. The thalis are priced around ₹30. Only vegetarian food is served. (updated Jan 2016)
Minerva Coffee Shop, Congress Office Rd, Buckinghampeta. The Minerva Coffee Shop offers purely vegetarian food. (updated Jan 2016)
Seven Days Café, #60-9-1/a Pinnamaneni Poly Clinic Road Siddhartha Nagar, 6th Lane, ☏ +91 866 6665599. There are three locations in Vijayawada: one on Prakasam Road (this one also goes by Sarada foods), not far from Karl Marx Road; one on Museum Road; and the other on Pinnamaneni Polyclinic Road, close to 6th Lane. Serves coffee, cake, and pizza. (updated Jan 2016)
Silver Spoon Restaurant, Gurunanak Colony (Near Executive Club), ☏ +91 866-6457799. A multi-cuisine restaurant both affordable and very hygienic. A 4-course meal for 2 cost less than $10 or ₹400.
Sweet Magic, Bandar Rd, Patamata, Benz Circle, ☏ +91 96424 86683. A candy and cake maker with attached restaurant. This is a decent place to purchase traditional Indian sweets. The staff can sometimes be a bit dismissive. The restaurant part is well decorated and clean. The food is nothing special but the quality is consistent. (updated Jan 2016)
Tycoons Bar and Restaurant, No. 40-8-19A, Near Dr. Ravi Hospital, Mogalarajpuram, Shanti Nagar, Labbipet, ☏ +91 99635 32345. (updated Jan 2016)
Rusted Spoon, Jasti Venkata Ratnam St, Opposite Manor Food Plaza, Moghalrajpuram, Sidhartha Nagar, Labbipet, ☏ +91 866 254 9999. All days - 11:30am–11:30pm. This is more like a fine-dining restaurant. It is a multi-cuisine restaurant that specializes in fusion cuisines. The ambience is upscale and clean. Try their makhani pizza, bhatti ka murgh and nalli biryani. ₹800 for two people. (updated Jun 2021)
Café Coffee Day, M.G. road. Daily. No bathrooms for customers. (updated Jan 2016)
Vijayawada has a special take on south Indian filter coffee which can be purchased almost anywhere.
Vijayawada is one of big railway junctions in India. There are many choices.The ones below are the star hotels.
The Gateway Hotel, 39-1-63, M.G. Road, ☏ +91 -866 6644444. A Taj-group hotel.
Hotel DV Manor, 40-1-47 M.G. Road, ☏ +91 866 2479292.
Hotel Krishna Residency,M.G.Road,Beside Jaihind Theater,Besent Road.
NOT EXISTING LISTING IMAGE Innotel Hotel, Beside Ramavarappadu Ring, Eluru Road, Gunadala (You can hire a cab or an auto-rickshaw. You can also board APSRTC City buses which serve Ramavarappadu Ring.), ☏ +91 70366 23456, +91 866-2456444, info@innotel.in. (updated Jun 2017)
Budget hotels are near the Old Busstand and near the Railway Station.
Kondapalli village is 16 km from Vijayawada. The village is known for making toys with light-weight wood sourced from the hill forest.
Kondapalli Fort (Kondapalli Kila). Built on a hill, this fort features an impressive three storeyed rock tower and was witness to the glory of many dynasties. This fort was built by King Krishna Deva Raya. It served as a business centre. The fort was also used as a military training base by the British rulers.
Amaravati — The capital of Andhra Pradesh is just at the opposite bank of the Krishna River
This city travel guide to Vijayawada is a usable article. It has information on how to get there and on restaurants and hotels. An adventurous person could use this article, but please feel free to improve it by editing the page.