Nov 23 2009 	Nice...but not THAT nice	I'll keep this brief. The Bowery is nice. I liked it. In fact, I have no complaints other than the fact that my husband and I payed $475 a night for a King room (no taxes, etc. included)...no frills. I was fine with the price. I just didn't think it was worth it. The room was not as large as I anticipated and I was not entirely pleased with the location. Yes, I know...I agreed to the price and location when I chose the hotel. I would definitely stay at a W or at the New York Palace Hotel if I were visiting NY again. More bang for the buck and much better location. If you DO stay at the Bowery though, check out Il Buco around the corner. Great restaurant.	
Nov 16 2009 	snooty	I find it interesting that the common social economic group this hotel wants to diffrentiate is the 30 somehting group. It was not welcoming to our group of griends in the lobbly and I found it quite odd. I believe it's or the &quot;see and be seen crownd&quot;.	
Nov 12 2009 	My new favorite NYC Hotel	Stayed at The Bowery for a Saturday night of fun with my husband and some friends. We normally book with points at the W Union Square but decided to try the Bowery for my husbands birthday. We were not disappointed! Great old feel to the hotel and amazing, friendly staff. Didn't have the 'corporate' vibe most front desks have these days. Rooms were bigger than I expected and had a unique feel to them. Bed was fantastic, so comfortable.The location is perfect! We are not as familiar with this neighborhood so we had fun exploring! So close to Bleecker and great nightlife. Neighborhood is a little gritty but somehow it's in a good way. Very laid back hotel/neighborhood and I would recommend it in a heartbeat! Can't wait to go back.	
Nov 11 2009 	Loved the hotel location but staff a little on edge because of VIPs staying	Spent sometime selecting this hotel as there was a number of hotels in this price bracket that were appealing but the reviews were perfect. Fab decor, great service on the desk, beautiful rooms, room service amazing. At the time of our stay a number of VIPs were also guests, which seemed to cause stress to the staff. As a guest staying there at the same time, we were made to feel less than welcome in certain areas of the hotel that are normally excessible to all guests. This was unfortunate and took a little shine off our otherwise wonderful stay.	
Nov 11 2009 	A fantastic no-nonsense hotel with excellent service	We've visited New York a couple of times before, we've done the whole staying near Times Square and Central Park thing, and we wanted a more &quot;genuine&quot; experience this time so decided to look for a hotel in the NoHo / SoHo / Greenwich area. The Bowery's location was perfect - a short walk to so many great shops, bars and restarants, and easy to get elsewhere in NY from the subway stops a few minutes walk away at Bleecker Street &amp; Lafayette Street, or Houston Street &amp; Lafayette Street. Incidentally, it's a great walk all along Bleecker Street to the Meatpacking District.On arrival, we were immediately assisted out of our taxi by a very smart doorman. We arrived an hour ahead of the 3pm check-in time, and the room wasn't ready until 3, which was fair enough; however our bags were taken up for us and within seconds we were offered a drink, which was great after the trip over from London.The room was a standard Queen, but after reading reviews on this site I'd requested a &quot;tub with a view room&quot;, and this request had been honoured, which in itself was impressive. The room was brilliant. I wouldn't say it was small, but certainly not large - think compact - everything required was fitted in nicely, without much extra space. It was fine for our 4 night stay. The view we had was awesome - it was a corner room on the 10th floor with a view straight down Bowery to the south, and also across to the west. The view from the bathroom was also amazing - there's nothing better to remind you that you're in New York than looking down on a street with constant activity and lots of yellow taxis!The rooms do differ in their views, but I understand they're very consistent in their design and amenities. The floor-to-ceiling windows offer lots of light and enhance the views, yet there are full curtains, privacy gauze curtains and also blackout blinds, so you can satisfy whatever night-time darkness levels you like. Amazingly for a modern hotel, the windows open allowing fresh air in, which I love - there was a trade-off with the noise from Bowery below but that's your choice - with the windows closed the noise wasn't an issue. The air con / heating unit in our room also worked effectively, and was quieter than most. The minibar and snacks tray contained everything you'd expect and lots more, from guides to New York to condoms to an umbrella! All rooms have a rain shower, and ours was great. The bathroom was large, and the &quot;tub with a view&quot; rooms such as ours have huge tubs which you really can sit in and watch the world going by on the street below. There's a clever system of shower curtains on both the internal and the window sides of the tub for privacy when taking a shower. If you're on a romantic break, get one of these rooms, open the champagne from the mini-bar (champagne glasses provided as standard), light the supplied candle, and enjoy!The doormen, porters, reception and bar staff were all consistently friendly. I don't think there were ever less than three people on reception, and there was never any wait at all. They all talk to each other with radios, and if reception need a porter to move your bags then he'll be there in seconds. The maids are polite to the point that they once got out of an elevator on the wrong floor just so we could fit in, which was embarassing but evident of a very effective &quot;customer comes first&quot; policy. Most of the staff in the hotel are young and all seemed very enthusiastic to help.The lobby area is great for a quiet beer / coffee during the day, and becomes an extension to the busy bar in the evenings. It's a very pleasant environment in which to relax or meet others. The whole hotel is only a couple of years old, but has been designed to look much older - think wooden panelled walls, age-darkened mirrors and subdued lighting. We like staying in luxury hotels, but we hate the snobbish, pretentiously superior attitude which so often goes with them. There's none of that here - it's genuinely friendly, and you'll fit in just fine whether you're suited and booted, or wandering round in a shirt and jeans.There seem to be two room rates - a standard rate for bookings in the next couple of months ($425 for the queen rooms) and a discounted rate for bookings further ahead ($325 for the queen rooms). From what I know of NY hotel prices, $425 is slightly expensive, but actually it's entirely worth it because of the excellent service from very friendly staff. If you can get the $325 price then it's an absolute bargain. We booked only a few weeks ahead so paid the $425 rate, and we looked at the W hotel in Union Square as an alternative, but although rooms were availble there at a lower rate, the reviews on this site indicate that the W hotel has problems with their levels of service / staff attitude, and with consistency of room quality. I don't believe you'll find those problems at The Bowery.We didn't eat at Gemma, the italian restaurant attached to the hotel, but only because we had a pre-prepared list of places we really like already. Gemma was busy every night, and it looked extremely nice - we would definitely eat there another time. They have tables out on the pavement when weather permits.Really, we couldn't fault this place, not even on the &quot;little things&quot;. If you're looking for a hotel in this part of NY with really good service, very comfortable rooms, great showers, good views (at least on request), a good bar and restaurant, a great atmosphere where you're almost certain to fit in, an elegant feel and modern facilities then just book it - you won't regret it. And if you book ahead and get the lower room rates then I can't believe you'll find anywhere which comes close in quality for the same price.We'll definitely be back.	
Oct 17 2009 	best luxury laid back hotel - ever	I stayed at the hotel for a week-long birthday celebration in NYC. Absolutely loved everything about it. Staff is excellent - young, friendly and completey service oriented. Room was great for NYC -lots of natural light and the windows actually open for fresh air. Neighborhood is fabulous for the Village, Soho and East Village. Hotel is within waliking distance of great restaurants (Il Buco and Graffiti just two of them). The John Derian store is right around the corner. And I highly recommend the Tenement Museum for a unique travel activity. Gemma restaurant in the hotel itself is also great and the lounge/lobby/bar is fantastic. Will definitely find an excuse for another trip to NYC in the near future.	
Oct 12 2009 	Good choice for NYU / SoHo area hotel	Our daughter goes to NYU and so we've been trying downtown hotel options -- The Bowery for our latest weekend visit. We had a good experience and liked the hotel - would definitely stay there again. Good location for us - close to Washington Square area, SoHo, and East Village.Service was excellent -- front desk staff helpful and cheerful.Room was very nice (we had a King room). NYC size so small but comfortable. Nice windows and light but also a light blocking shade to keep it dark if you want. Bed very comfortable -- good pillows (one soft and squishy other one firmer). AND -- the room wasn't too hot at night (my pet peeve in most hotels). The adjacent restaurant is a good Italian. It's popular but they will take reservations for hotel guests (no reservations unless you're a guest at the hotel) and breakfast is good.The bar/lounge in the hotel is popular with a local crowd and most of the seating was &quot;reserved&quot; so not very friendly for hotel guests. Hotel is relatively new but they've designed it to have an older feel. Sort of old English hotel feel. We liked it better than the SoHo Grand, the W on Union Square, and the Gansevoort. I'd say about on part with The Mercer (but it's almost impossible to get into The Mercer anymore)	
Aug 31 2009 	Excellent.	Drove to New York for a 3 day getaway with, thanks to my better half, a list of 34 stores to visit (!!) (yes, once in a while, you do have to make your better half happy and endure a new york shopping marathon), most of them being confined in NoHo, Nolita, TriBeCa. First note: front end/ back end staff are great, period. Whether its answering pre/post booking questions, on site helping helping you out with any request (e.g. do you have a Zaggats lying around? can we get a reservation at xxx?) they have managed to staff their hotel with qualified, friendly staff and that extends to the bell boys, buss boys, cleaning staff etc. Not much if you think about it but definitely a cornerstone to feeling good where you are staying.Rooms: sorry Im low on cash and I just booked the regular rooms, which was very fine considering my better half was planning to book the NY typical dorm-room-toilets-at-the-end-of-the-hall kinda place. In fact rooms are gorgeous albeit not that big. you wont notice. bed is excellent, pillows are to die for, rain shower had the most freaggin insane pressure (which I love!!). View is superb, gorgeous 30's something french vibe, floor to ceiling window, facing eastwards and I didnt get a chance to ask the staff who the hell was owning that piece of garden in the back, ridiculous by NYC standards.Location: if you are, like me, a tourist, the place is very well located, 5 mins away from the better parts of broadway, bond street etc. even walking to Chelsea/Greenwich is relatively done easily if you have the time. East of the hotel, 2nd, 3rd, 4th street, 2nd and 3rd avenues give you plenty of restaurants and nightlife, albeit definitely a student-ish area (NYU is just two blocks away)Hotel Amenities: Gym: no time, sorry. Restaurant: very good basic italian dishes, the Maitre D' is weird as hell to my Quebecois standards, prices are reasonable for NY (about $100 plus two glasses of wine for a very good meal) and the place seems to be becoming a hip place with models etc... Hotel bar: hum, well, there's where i do have a few comments. Terrasse is nicely secluded, staff is friendly, cocktails are good. However, the place is a pre-night hangout for locals and the Maitre D' for the bar is picky (snobish according to my better half but then again this is a common NY complaint from foreigners) as to who gets a seat in the inside area or terrasse, even asks you to sit with others (which is fine, made some very interesting encounters) but has no issue having his acquaintances by-pass everyone looking for a spot and from what Ive seen get free drinks on the house. maybe they were celebrities, I dont know, I dont watch TV often. In any case, when settling to such a gorgeous hotel it is a shame that the bar's objective is more to cater to the hip crowd for $20 cocktails rather than the ''tourists'' who just laid close to a grand for spending the weekend in New York. Sad, the ''vibe'' in the lounge/bar area i quite nice and the terrasse is lovely. Also, would suggest they configure the seating on terrasse for 4 folks rather than the 8 plus they have.Other than that, hotel is gorgeous, well located depending on your plans and staff goes above and beyond to make your trip just awesome. Oh and they have an umbrella in your room in case it rains likes in the hold testament which was the case when we were there.Final piece, if money is no object, the valet park is about $45 a day if I recall properly. Else suggest you troll 2nd and 3rd avenues to the east for some ''don't park on tuesdays thursdays 10 to 12'' local parking. Worth the 30 min driving around and we ended up not even 40 meters away from the hotel. ha! All in all I will go back there in a heartbeat but will anticipate a couple of hundreds more for the bathtub and the view that comes with it :-)ps: on the 12th floor free wifi was enough to read news but way too slow for streaming, ethernet jack please!!	
Aug 24 2009 	AMAZING HOTEL EVEN FOR A NEW YORK NATIVE!!!	I planned a weekend &quot;Getaway&quot; with my girlfriend to stay in this hotel despite the fact that we both live in NYC! I booked a room a week in advance and specifically requested a &quot;tub &amp; view.&quot; I was very pleased to have this request honored upon our arrival.The hotel is truly unique and set in one of Manhattan's most exciting neighborhoods. If it is your first time in NY, I do not advise that you stay here. The lower east side and NOHO is where we, the locals play. An array of new restaurants and boutiques have opened up all over the place here and is a great way to spend time in NY, if you have already seen all the attractions. Also, the location is near to all the downtown spots, Nolita, Soho, Grenwich, West Village and Meatpacking. Both of us being design conscious we were truly impressed with the decor and theme of this hotel. Rather than going uber modern and contemporary, the Bowery is a mix of British old world design with modern, comfortable rooms.I will not repeat all the details that others have mentioned here, and instead took detailed photos. I recommend this hotel to anyone!	
Aug 20 2009 	very pleasant surprise. young energy with lots of charme	We stayed at the Bowery to take in a little dining and shopping in the city before heading upstate for Lake Placid.Found the Bowery online and was intrigued by the design and concept… simple design with an old British touch. As an architect, I was looking forward to see the rooms and overall design in practice. Sure enough, the place was great. They really managed to merge some traditional elements with contemporary new flair. This trend carried through into the clothing (love the hats!), service and food. The details: The room was excellent. Exposed brick wall, tall windows for a great view of the city, even though the neighborhood is still in the recovery phase… mattress slightly firm and well dressed. All amenities that are needed; shower pressure good and enough space to move (I am 6’-7”). The lounge is cozy and comfortable, the bar new and stylish. We had some house specialty drinks and little snacks. Well blended and composed. As I recall, all was suggested by staff… Very pleased with the experience and will definitely return here.www.cbsspotswiki.com and www.VillageGreenMan.com	
Aug 15 2009 	Amazing! What a gem...	I hesitated writing this... but knowing how much I've relied on TripAdvisor to pick where I'd stay, I felt I must out of duty. I can't believe what a gem the Bowery Hotel is in a most underrated neighborhood. It's obviously a hit with locals. When I checked in close to midnight on Friday, the lobby bar/restaurant was hopping, packed, and people streaming out onto the sidewalk. I had a corner suite, which was a most amazing room, with five floor to ceiling glass windows, looking uptown and I could see the Empire State Building from my 10th floor room. The room was beautifully decorated. Everything about it was just top notch, tasteful, not glitzy/over the top. The rainshower was refreshing with strong water pressure. Within the last 18 months, I've stayed at the Blue Moon, and Waldorf Astoria. They pale when compared to the Bowery. Think Coffee across the street has great vibe and java. This hotel is nothing but two thumbs up. If things stay this way, I don't think I'll be staying anywhere else when I come back to the City.	
Aug 13 2009 	Nearly Flawless and Totally Fabulous	My husband and I went here during our honeymoon road trip. All we can say is &quot;wow.&quot; This place, from the very second you walk in, you will be charmed by the styling of the hotel to the WONDERFUL staff. The hotel has this very vintage look to it, but it is only about two years old, I discovered. The rooms were quite large. Upon arrival they give you a sampling of some delicious cookies in your room as well as fresh fruit. The staff here is amazing, and they will make you feel like movie stars. The food is out of this world..and reasonably priced for NYC in this hip part of the city. The drinks are a bit more pricey, but they are easily comparable to the local bars in the area. If you are thinking about going here, I say &quot;GO. NOW.&quot; It was just such a wonderful experience for the two of us.My only small negative feedback for them... since we were on our honeymoon, the bed we had was quite important. ;-) Unfortunately, we stayed in room 414, and the bed made a lot of noise, and we were too embarrassed to ask them to either put us in a different room or fix the bed. Other than that, PERFECT!	
Aug 9 2009 	Authentic New York in a Fabulous Location	My husband and I stayed at The Bowery for a weekend, with our ten year old Son. Absolutely loved everything the hotel. It felt like an old established property rather than the new kid on the block; attention to detail quite extraordinary. Front of house staff were hip and very charming plus helpful with restaurant suggestions and general knowledge about the area. We had a king size suite which more than lived up to our expectations, with floor to ceiling windows and a view of the Empire State (and The Chrysler Building if you squint a bit!) Could rave about every detail. Outdoor covered patio at the rear of the hotel for breakfast, evening drinks or whatever ... overlooks a wild and overgrown enclosed garden area (actually the sight of the oldest cemetery in Manhatten we were told; no access to the area for the public but a private green space that's peaceful and delightful). We ate at the hotel restaurant Gemma once, fantastic meal with a really buzzy ambience ... great for people watching! Bar area very relaxed; only mild criticism would be the lighting ... moody, dimmed lighting ... atmospheric for a weekend but maybe a bit depressing for any longer than that (lighting levels same day and night it seemed - great for drinking, not so good for reading paper in the morning) Our son was made welcome; no specific child friendly features (I think more provision was made for the variety of pampered pet pooches staying in the hotel) ( why do American hotels prefer dogs to children?!) and the airbed provided for him to sleep on would not be comfortable for an adult. But the extraordinary novelty of the whole hotel was thoroughly enjoyed by our very well-travelled son. We'd definitely go back to The Bowery!	
Aug 2 2009 	wonderful weekend	everything about thishotel is superb...great location, great staff, rooms are immaculate(even if the standard rooms may be a little small but welcome to new york) and the bar and lounge is very warm and welcoming	
Jul 29 2009 	Refreshing hotel in a great neighborhood!	The Bowery Hotel was a refreshing change of pace from the boutique modernist hotels that had sprung up everywhere by 2007. Its late 19th century/pre-Gilded Age decor was gorgeous. Drink service in the lobby was excellent. The staff were all top notch. Can't wait to stay here again!	
Jul 10 2009 	Absolutely Flawless!! Perfect!!	I recently stayed @ The Bowery on 8th July 2009 for 1 evening.....the hotel was flawless on all levels! I had gone to the hotel 2 days before my check in date to view a few rooms--I found a type that I loved &amp; placed a request for a Bowery Queen with a tub &amp; view...not only was my request fulfilled, but I was able to check into the room as early as I wanted!---rarely do hotels of any level actually grant requests, but The Bowery came through beautifully! Teelo @ the front desk checked me in---super efficient &amp; kind!---I was in my room within 5 minutes! They give you a tassle with your room key, which is very unique, but this hotel is insanely special &amp; incredibly unique! You can drop it off @ the desk every day, so you don't have to carry it around---there is a classic key holder behind the Front desk to hold all keys &amp; messages---really cool &amp; fun place! My room was on the 12th floor (rm #1209)--REQUEST it if you can---the room had an amazing bathroom with a fabulous DEEP soaking tub &amp; a flawless rain water shower head with super strong pressure----really indulgent! The bathroom also has Villeroy &amp; Boch &amp; Waterworks fixtures---very unique Copper &amp; marble design----lush robes, thick towels, a jar with q-tips, shower cap, cotton balls, C &amp; O Bigelow bath products with a Lavender-Peppermint scent, even a loofah mitt, bubble bath &amp; a little tube of Marvis toothpaste---stunning bath also had a HUGE window overlooking the city. The bed was ridiculously comfy, with a cozy red blanket &amp; super soft sheets! The room also had beautiful hardwood floors, a cool rug, extra big desk, flat screen, two green velvet chairs with an addt'l table---(Good to work or have Room Service on), two oversized Floor to ceiling factory windows with stunning views (if you look hard to the left you can see the ES building &amp; the Chrysler), a mini-bar packed with everything from chips &amp; candy to condoms &amp; candles, an iPOD docking station, &amp; when I came back from being out, the room had been turned down with slippers &amp; a little tray with treats &amp; cookies....really nice touch! The room even smelled good......honestly, the entire room was perfect! I loved it so much---also loved the bedside control panels, ceiling fan, cool ceilings, exposed white brick, etc.....the designers did a fantastic job of constructing a brand new building, while creating an authentic, old NYC style/look....so different from other hotels.......JUST GO &amp; STAY!! The lobby is also really cool----nice mix of locals, guests, hipsters, etc....cool magazine rack in the lobby, Gemma restaurant is very cool &amp; chic! Syer, Marika &amp; Teelo &amp; the front desk were all great----Syer &amp; Teelo made sure I got the room I requested &amp; were both warm &amp; sincere!!.....The bellman Chris was great---nice guy!! The other bellman never seemed to be at the door, but this wasn't a big deal to me.....I also loved the fact that all of the windows in the room open!! Soundproofing was good, but there is some construction going on, so some noise was heard during the morning....nothing to bad---I live in NYC, so I hear it often. Very fast COMP. HS internet access in the room &amp; lobby..!The area is really close walking distance to the LES, SoHo, the East Village, etc......Think Coffee across the street is Amazing! Overall, The Bowery was brilliant &amp; I had so much fun while staying there-----really interesting &amp; cool hotel-----my all time FAVE place in the LES/Bowery area! Enjoy &amp; Safe Travels as always!Best,Patrick/NYC10th July 2009--	
Jul 8 2009 	Love Love Love The Bowery!	After staying at The Bowery for a one night stay on a Friday night, I've decided that I will not stay anywhere else in the city for like, forever. It was seriously that good. In fact, I'll be staying again in July but I'm bringing my husband this time. I was alone, but felt 100% safe the entire time.Ease of booking online-5 stars. The system even let me book day of, and as I was at the Bowery Bar the evening before, I want to note that the front desk staff are very friendly and they had confirmed that it is possible to book day of or even a few hours before.Check-in-5 stars. All ladies had smiles and were approachable. The woman who checked me in was professional and I was on my way up to the room within minutes. Not to sound terribly picky, but the doormen were aloof. I opened the door myself on most occasions, which I don't mind but it's sort of a serious thing here in NYC.Decor-5+ stars. I had friends come by and they agreed it's a beatiful building with posh furnishings. I desribed it as &quot;The Shining-ish.&quot; Room-5+ stars. I loved the industrial floor to ceiling windows. I had requested a quiet room and I received exactly that on the 11th floor in the corner. The room itself is compact without feeling uncomfortable. They made excellent use of the space, plus the bathroom is large in comparison. Nice C.O. Bigelow amenities, and was surprised to see extra not usually included items, like the loofah and Marvis toothpaste. Wardrobe with a few hangers and safe, and the most varied basket of pay-for items I've ever seen in a hotel room. Great water pressure by the way, which I didn't expect from a rain shower head. Smallish flat screen TV (less than 32 inches) but nice selection of channels. Bed was comfortable, sheets soft, and considerate assortment of fluffy and firm pillows. Small table with two green velvet armchairs. iHome on nightstand.Turndown Service-5 stars. Staff magically knew when I was out of the room (I didn't use the cute door sign) and placed 3 miniature but yummy cookies on my table, plus laid out my robe and a pair of slippers. Nice surprise when I got back very late that evening.Food-I didn't order room service, but you can eat at Gemma which I highly recommend. Great gnocci and wine! Downstairs is their bar, and it's really cool. Around 6-9pmish it's laidback, you can hang at the bar (only about 5 or 6 stools though) or any of the chairs or sofas, or better yet the outside patio. I've hung out at all three areas and the great thing about the outside section is that you can order food from the restaurant. Beware that there are a lot of smokers so the smell can turn you off. Late night gets fun, lots of hipsters and some B&amp;Ts. Saw quite a few famous faces too but I won't name names. Try their signature drink, Ginger and Spice. One minor negative was that unless you prominently display your key (which is big and has hanging strings so you would understand why if you didn't) the hostess would keep asking if you are a hotel guest and after a couple of times of going back to your room to get something or stepping outside for a quick minute, it gets annoying. She needs a better memory.Extras, Misc-I checked out the gym, and it was really small but at least there is a treadmill. It's downstairs in the basement so it was pretty creepy venturing around down there but it's better than nothing at all. I also saw that there's a pool table and loungey area on the second floor, but because I was there in the morning it looked like either it was being renovated or just closed.All in all, I highly recommend this place to all my friends and co-workers because I will be a repeat guest, with friends and family in tow.	
Jul 8 2009 	I Recommend the Bowery to Everyone	We stayed at the Bowery for the forth of July. We absolutely loved everything about the hotel , the bed was beyond comfortable, the decor was so beautifully done i felt like i had stepped into some 1920's glam hotel. We stayed in room 1101 its a corner king room with 2 solid window walls , we had a fab view of the city and the courtyard out back ,my daughter who is 20 months loved looking out the windows she also had a great view of the fireworks and they have a huge list of complementary DVDs so she enjoyed toy story while her babysitter kept her, they also sent up a lovely crib for her with all of its linens perfectly put together and she had a comfortable nights sleep not waking once lol The food at Gemma's was delicious and our waiter was the best he played peekaboo with my daughter and made her laugh the whole time, Me and my husband also went up to the roof to watch the fireworks and it was the most romance we had seen in a while lol it was absolutely beautiful and a perfect night to top it off! The bar was lovely and quaint my husband spent alot of time there lol the outside lounge area was very nice to! i loved the location i was abel to walk out with my daughters stroller and not be run over by crazy tourist and there is a startbucks a few blocks away that i walked to several times but out of everything i loved at the Bowery the thing i loved most was the attentive friendly staff they were so nice they would get you anything you needed and they honestly made me fell like i was part of there family lol The night manager was very nice and the guy that did the night shift at the front desk was great i also loved the waiter i think his name was Mario ? I will most definitely be spending all my NYC stays at the bowery and i recommend it to everyone especially my friends	
Jun 29 2009 	Perfect!	Doting staff and gorgeous decor. Walking through the front door, you feel as though you're being transported back in time to a heyday!	
May 23 2009 	great find near NYU	had business near NYU and wanted a nice hotel under $400/night. This did the trick. I booked a queen room and called ahead and asked for a quiet room. They put me on the 12th floor facing bowery street. I got some street noise but not much and with occasional use of earplugs it was fantastic. Bed was wonderful, room temperature was perfect for me (cool). i requested no feathers which was how the bed was made up. I used the gym and it was really nice - not big but very well maintained and had the equipment i needed. Minibar had an outstanding assortment of stuff. rainshower had a flowrate that is likely to be illegal somewhere - it was great and i found myself taking showers twice a day just to enjoy that blast of water. room was clean when i checked in, but i noticed that cleaning staff did only cursory cleaning during my stay - it looked like they did not vaccuum during my stay - this is my one complaint. it is not a big deal because i am relatively neat, but still i was surprised to see some small debris on the floor - recognizable as stuff i tracked there, but still.....high speed internet connection was flawless, which is great for business travel. also the tmobile phone connection worked well from the entire hotel, including the basement where the gym is.	
May 9 2009 	amazing hotel for manhatten trip	love love loved this hotel. great service, friendly, beautiful rooms with lots of light and stunning manhatten views. really made our stay in manhatten special staying here. great restaurant attached to hotel too which is locals eat at too. highly recommend.	
Apr 4 2009 	Great hotel great staff but REALLY small rooms	One of the best hotels I've ever stayed in in terms of service - the staff are so welcoming and friendly, SO not like the snooty staff in other boutique hotels, but rooms are small. However the bed is one of the most comfortable I've ever slept in and the food is amazing. Bar is lovely too. It's a little overpriced however.	
Mar 18 2009 	great hotel	this is a nice hotel, and the stuff is very helpful.	
Mar 11 2009 	Modern beauty that looks like it's always been there	The Bowery is an exceptional hotel that I had the pleasure of experiencing twice. This small, boutique feeling hotel new but the attention to detail makes it look as if it's always been there. And it belongs! The staff is very attentive and happy to help with any request.On my first stay I was in a corner king room with stunning views to the North and West. The room was a good size for NYC and with floor to ceiling windows, it feels much larger. The bath was big with a large tub and rain fall shower head. The view from the bath is to the North and breathtaking. During my second stay, I was in a corner King with views to the South and East. Both the room and bath were slightly smaller but the views just as good. It looks over a beautiful courtyard and down onto the private decks of the suites. The decor in both rooms was simple, elegant yet modern. The beds were extremely comfortable and the clock/alarm provided an iPod dock for my music pleasure. Robes and slippers were laid out each night with turn down service. Being new construction, there is no street of adjoining room noise. Although the upper deck bar gets packed, the lobby bar is secluded and dark with some privacy from the rest of the world. It's truly a place to see and be seen. With fabulous rooms, amazing views and a great neighborhood for dinning, drinking and shops, The Bowery is a must for both business and pleasure.	
Mar 5 2009 	Lovely Hotel Downtown - Where the Locals (not tourists) Play	This was an absolutely fantastic hotel. I stayed here for four nights/five days in February 2009 and it was a wonderful experience. Everything was exceptional from the extremely friendly, gracious and helpful staff to the exquisite rooms. The rooms have floor to ceiling windows and you must request a room with a view to get the full effect. If you're lucky enough you can even get a corner room which has two walls of windows. The bar is so lush and cozy and the bistro next door is delicious with an equally friendly staff as well. I just loved the location and will definitely return. Oh, and it must be noted that the bathroom has the best shower in NYC. It's a high-pressure rain shower and I could've stayed in it all day. Should also be mentioned that the bed was extremely comfortale. The hotel has old-world charm and glamour with all of the modern ammenities. One of my favorite things was that I could leave my room key at the front desk every time I left the hotel and they were always so incredibly friendly when I dropped it off and retrieved it. The location is great too and in a very cool part of town. I prefer to avoid Times Square and all the &quot;touristy&quot; spots in NYC and when you stay here you can experience NYC as a local would and that's the whole point when you travel, right??I cannot write this review without also mentioning that the hotel sent me a thank you letter after my stay and this put them over the top. I've stayed at expensive and 5-star hotels in numerous countries and this is the only hotel that has gone so far as to send a personal non-form letter. Complete class.	
Feb 5 2009	Fabulous hotel	I went with my 19 year old son to New York in 2008. I decided to stay at the Bowery hotel which had been open only a few months. Firstly,we loved the location .Soho, the Bowery, The Lower east side are all on a human scale which makes the experience of staying in New York so much more enjoyable.The staff were fabulous - very helpful and full of good ideas, Their recommendations of shows, cafes and restaurants were spot on!The rooms were extremely comfortable - great fit-out, wonderful bed linen and beautiful bathroom amenities.I would be very happy to highly recommend this hotel to anyone, including my best friend!	
Jan 21 2009 	A very comfortable place	This hotel is outstanding: trendy, fun neighborhood, rooms full of character, and super friendly staff.Everyone from the doormen to the front desk staff to the housekeepers to the maintenance folks, etc. couldn't be more hospitable.The restaurant and bar are both fantastic hangouts in their own right.Will definitely be back!	
Nov 16 2008 	typical NYC cool	Having stayed at the sister Maritime Hotel, I thought I'd give the Bowery a try for a 3 day NY trip. Location is the major difference; just a few blocks from the Westside Meatpacking scene brings a more earthy, rough NY vibe - and I like it, I think. This results in the hotel and lobby crowd being a bit more relaxed but definitely a bit more hip. It was fashion week so the crowd was good but meant full rack rates for a fully booked hotel.Check-in was fine; friendly and precise; a smile and I'm sure, a nod to welcome you to this unofficial Eastside scene. The building and layout are very chic, in a chintzy kind of way - great if you've tired with that whole minimalistic thing. Lots of swirly carpet and dusky amber and brown glows.The room I had was NY typical - just enough room to swing the proverbial cat but well appointed, nicely done. Ipod docking, free wifi, nice bathroom stuff. An impossible TV system - but hey, if you are in NY watching TV, you're in the wrong town anyway.Bar scene was good; edgy, good mix and late late drinks not an issue. Didn't eat in the restaurant but had drinks on the terrace which was really nice. Doormen passably friendly in keeping with the NY rule that states that unless you are (a) a celeb or (b) a model, no-one on hotel staff is actually going to smile or chat to you - but if you go knowing this, then its not a surprise. Room service was quick and professional as was housekeeping - fresh towels in 3 mins. Late check-out fine.Downsides: as mentioned on other posts; damn mini-bar overcharging even when agreed with front desk on checkout - hey presto on your AMEX a few weeks later .. they know you cant be bothered to call and go through the hassle. Advice to management; nail this one - nothing annoys a big bucks travellers more than the small petty over-charging.Also, if you are in town for a walk to hip bar scene and restaurants, then stay Westside at the Martime.Overall, its another cool NY hotel to check off your list - I liked it.	
Nov 6 2008 	Mostly great	Stayed 3 nights in a corner suite on 10th floor (asked to be moved from 4th floor on arrival as the road was being resurfaced) which they were fine with. Very comfortable beds - small bathrooms (but this is NYC). Doorman very friendly. Reception/Concierge busy but as helpful as needs be. The bar was good, but sometimes slow - short staffed? The only downside was the restaurant - breakfast was indifferent - there are much better places to eat in and around the area.	
Oct 26 2008 	Posh Posh Posh	This is a TRULY COOL hotel. It's small enough to have the intimacy of a boutique type hotel and it's amazingly posh &amp; wonderful. This is a &quot;movie star&quot; caliber hotel experience...fantastic. This place has a really cool bar as well so its a great place to have people in for drinks. Very nice courtyard as well. So worth the money to have this kindof a hotel experience in such a great city. BRAVO!	
Oct 22 2008	Lovely	Lovely hotel. Service is wonderful and the King room we had was gorgeous, with lovely linen sheets and a fabulous view. The receptionist was lovely and offered us advice on places to go and eat as well as shopping! Will definitely return there very soon!	
Oct 16 2008 	Vintage style on Skid Row	Having lived in New York a couple of years ago, I was aghast to return recently and see the nondescript steel and glass buildings which are being erected in the downtown area. Thankfully, the Bowery Hotel, which was built less than two years ago, blends into the east village seamlessly and is true to the style and character of the city's once infamous 'Skid Row'.The rooms are quirky and with floor to ceiling windows, offer great views and lots of natural light. The staff members are courteous and polite, and service is always with a smile, prompt and efficient. Recently opened Gemma, the Italian styled restaurant positioned next to the hotel, is equally as warm and inviting and offers a well-planned menu and delicious food.Unfortunately, New York hotels are astronomically priced and the Bowery is indeed one of them, however, unlike many other hotels in the city, this one is worth it. In short, I loved everything about the Bowery and truth be known, would prefer to keep it a secret. My one hope is that its location, being downtown rather than close to Times Square, will deter too many tourists!	
Aug 31 2008 	Perfect downtown hotel	The Bowery Hotel is incredible. Personable, friendly staff who went out of their way to make our stay wonderful. Our room had a gorgeous view of downtown and featured the most comfortable hotel bed I have ever slept in. A ceiling fan helped keep the room's temperature controlled and comfortable. Our bathroom featured a shower with rainfall shower head. The only drawback was that it steamed the mirrors up quickly and there was no ventilation fan to prevent it. All in all, a great stay. The staff will even leave bite sized cookies for you each night and will deliver copies of the NYPost or Times to your door each morning.	
Aug 25 2008 	Bowery - Top boutique hotel in New York	Had the best of times at the Bowery Hotel. Staff were very friendly, professional &amp; extremily helpful. Room was fantastic with a super comfortable bed &amp; beautiful floor to ceiling windows - only sideback was it lacked a few drawers to keep one week's clothing (2 people). Apple laptops with internet free of charge. Ipod docking station in room. The bathroom, bathtub &amp; amenties were fantastic! The bar, cocktails &amp; lounge outside were great as was the italian Gemma! Great pizza &amp; antipasta! Walking distance (3 minutes) from Soho which i love! Will be coming back for sure! Felt at home...cosy, romantic, great warmth - top service!!!	
Aug 6 2008 	Pretentious Unacceptable customer service at The Bowery	My husband and I spent three days at The Bowery Hotel in NYC. Upon arrival and over the course of our stay, we were treated - at best - in a relatively cold, dismissive fashion. We, very consistently, felt as though extremely inappropriate and highly preferential treatment was given to the more high-profile guests of the hotel whilst we, as guests, were treated as though we were insignificant, inferior, and highly unimportant. We spent approximately $400 + tax per night for our room, and close to $500 at the on-site restaurant over the course of our three-day stay. We found this to be an extremely expensive bill for what ended up being an offensive and thoroughly disappointing experience. There are certainly a number of beautiful boutique hotels in NYC whose staff know how to take care of ALL their guests - go to these and give The Bowery a miss. Definitely not a recommended destination.	
Jul 23 2008 	Nice hotel but beware of over-charging!!!	The Bowery is a beautiful hotel within walking distance to all of New York's great shopping and neighborhoods. The rooms are beautiful and comfortable w/ great views. Some of the room doors are however notoriously difficult to open and you might spend 5-10 mins outside your room trying to get in. Luckily, helpful staff isn't far away to give a hand. Still, it can be a bit of a pain, especially if your hands are full.My only complaint about this hotel, is actually a rather major one. They over-charged my room bill for $108 in minibar expenses when I hadn't used a single thing!!! When I invited them to go and check, they declined and were quick to dismiss it and credited me the amount. However to my surprise, when I got home from my trip and received my credit card statement a few short weeks later, the credit went through and then a new charge was repeated again!!! I have since filed a complaint against the hotel through my credit card company and they are in the process of reviewing the case. Thank goodness that my credit card company is more professional than this hotel was in handling such matters.All I can say is scrutinize your mini bar upon entering and keep a list of what is there upon arrival and departure. I would even mention any concerns at check-in. On an up note, the adjoining restaurant serves us fantastic Italian food and is worth trying.Hopefully you'll have better luck than I did.	
Jul 15 2008 	Loved it	Stayed 5 nights in a King room with double aspect windows in bedroom and full window behind bath. Fantastic place. Complimentary bottle of wine on arrival which is a nice touch. Very happy just to stay in the room one night when too tired to go out for another meal. Great interiors and detailing. Wonderfully comfortable bed. Had a great nights sleep every night and no trouble with street noise.Will stay here on every visit to NY.	
Jul 8 2008 	The worst night's sleep	I will never go back to The Bowery Hotel,. They ruined what should have been a lovely weekend break for my 40th. We only had 3 nights there. All was going well. Nice decor etc (but nothing too special). One our second night I was woken by the night manager phoning the room at 3am. 3AM! He said the security guy had noticed the room door was open.. Why didn't he just close the door, I asked. He didn't want to disturb me. But it's OK for the manager to wake me up? So I got out of bed to close the door. It was already closed. By now I was wide awake, it being 8am in the UK.So I went down in my dressing gown to talk to the night manager, because I'd have thought it was an absolutely last resort to wake a sleeping guest. and anyway, my door had been closed.He was pretty unapologetic, and insisted that my door had indeed been open. Then ensued a lot of back and forth with the manager and the guy on the front door, who clearly thought I was lying. It was my word against the security guard. At one point when I was explaining how precious a good night;'s sleep is to me, given that I only have a break away from the kids once a year, he actually rolled his eyes! That did it for me, I left in disgust. No resolution, no offer of free bottle of wine...nothing.I noticed when I got back that the door, although locked, did in fact look ajar. There was a fault. Straight back to the manager, still no genuine apology. I never did get back to sleep. Only the next afternoon, after complaining to 2 more managers, did someone offer me a free bottle of wine and $100 off the room rate for that night. I felt I'd really had to dig my heels in because the hotel clearly did not value a good night's sleep. It wasn't about the money, it was about someone sympathising, and seeing that I had been in the right.Look, it's probably OK if nothing goes wrong. But if it does, you may not get satisfaction.	
Jun 4 2008 	Wonderful	We had a fantastic 5 nights at the Bowery. A beautiful hotel in a very cool location, excellent for all the independent boho shops and boutiques in nolita and the surrounding area.What really sets the hotel apart are the staff who were all incredibly helpful.We stayed in a King Deluxe room which had a fantastic bath &amp; massive floor to ceiling windows.Do visit the ground zero museum, which is a tiny museum you will find on the web, very much a highlight of our stay.	
Jun 1 2008 	The best week in New York	Two of us stayed at the hotel for nearly a week. From check in to departure, it was a great experience. The hotel is extremely well run and manages to obtain a boutique feeling despite its size of 140 rooms. Unlike other boutique hotels I have stayed in in NY all of the staff - and I mean all - were extremely helpful and friendly. In particular the girls on the front desk were wonderful. Their restaurant recommendations were always spot - on, and nothing we asked for was too much trouble.The rooms are of a very high standard- with views which is unusual for New York. The bed was very comfortable and the bedding and pillows first class. The bathroom was well thought through with high quality toiletries and a great shower. Off the lobby is the attractive lounge area where you can while away time next to the fire or sit out on the terrace. The hotel restaurant is first class too.This hotel will be my first choice next time in NY.	
May 16 2008 	great stay	Great stay - even with young children. They made up a fabulous bed in our suite for the kids which they loved. The roomy lobby bar meant adults could enjoy a drink while the children played in the garden area. We all loved the ambience, the courteous and consistently attentive staff and brilliant location. We enjoyed star-spotting too...and felt special too.We stayed after a nightmare few days at the Hotel Gansevoort and this stood head and shoulders above that poor experience.	
May 2 2008 	Perfect. Absolutely flawless	We stayed for 4 nights at the Bowery and found it to be an exceptional hotel in every regard.From the moment we were greeted by the uber-cool door staff, and the exceptionally friendly and helpful receptionist, it was clear that our hotel choice was not one to regret.The staff provided great advice on hot-spots to visit, bars and restaurants to try out authentic NY delights, and the best shopping areas. The room , a king deluxe, was of good size and included tub and shower in a funky decor. What shocked me beyond my expectations was that it was so very very quiet. Noise was locked out, and I'd been told not too expect such a luxury in this mega-city.I'd had asked in advance for a balcony/terrace room (apparently the Bowery is recognized as having some of the best in NYC), and I was not in the slightest disappointed. It was massive!! Big enough for a small party.The bar/lounge is excellent, and popular among non-residents - though there were always reserved spaces for hotel guests.We had a great holiday, and this hotel played a significant part in achieving that. It ain't cheap, but then again, it really shouldn't be.	
Apr 13 2008 	Nostalgic Comfort	Want a hotel that will remind you of your first apartment in NYC? Everything in the rooms -- from the white paint on the walls to the furniture that could have come from your grandmother's house -- will remind you of the days of your youth.But now that you're a grown up, you can avoid the discomforts that came with that first apartment. Yes, the rooms are still small, but you'll have:1. Privacy and quiet (we never heard anyone else, or much street noise, for that matter),2. Excellent plumbing (bathroom was tiny, but with a marvelous glassed-in shower),3. Terrific advice from the front desk on restaurants (we ended up at Mercat, which we loved),4. A beautiful and comfortable lounge downstairs when you're in the mood for a drink and5. Room service (delicious and promptly delivered).What could be better? The decor in the restaurant was odd: trying to be retro, but ending up looking Disney-esque. This didn't take away from the great food, though.I'll be back.	
Apr 13 2008 	great atmosphere helpful staff and great view - with the sound of it	Located on the noisy Bowery avenue, it is a beautiful building, very well appointed, with a small cosy reception desk and bar. The staff is extremely helpful, nice and unpretentious. The service is perfect and we fell like being home. The corner rooms offer beautiful views and light. The two rooms we had were very well appointed, nice small bathrooms (but no bath). Excellent wifi connection (free!) and comfortable beds. The only drawback is the noise. Bowery is extremely noisy and it is not easy to sleep unless you are totally deaf.The breakfast is excellent and different. Service is friendly.There is a nice garden behind, We have tried over 20 hotels in NY and it is our best experience so far.	
Apr 7 2008	our wedding night NIGHTMARE	My husband and I had the most amazing wedding day on March 28, 2008 only to have it end in a nightmare because of the night manager at the Bowery Hotel. Our friends were thoughtful enough to get us a room as a wedding gift - they had even had flowers sent there for us. The room was booked under one of their credit cards with my husband's name on the reservation. They had spoken to the front desk more than once that day to confirm it was all set up and to let the hotel know we would be checking in late since our reception would end late that evening.We finally arrived at the hotel some time around 1am...and they refused to give us the room unless we gave them our credit card TO BE CHARGED. Not for incidentals (which is what I initially assumed they wanted it for) - they said they were only holding the room under our friend's c/c - but we had to pay for it ourselves. For our wedding gift! On our wedding night! We were obviously not going to pay for a hotel room that was a gift - so after much back and forth with the night manager we told him that it was fine - to just cancel the room and we would just go to our apt. We live in Manhattan and this was not worth the trouble!We thought that would settle it and we could put our exhausted selves in a cab and go home, but the night manager's response was since we were within the 24 hour cancellation period, we couldn't cancel - so if we left he would charge our friend's card for the room! He said he couldn't charge her for the room if we stayed, but he could charge her for the room if we left. What a nightmare!!!!We continued to go back and forth with the manager for far too long. At one point he had the nerve to say we could leave and he would try to resell the room - if he could, our friend wouldn't get charged. Resell a $500 room at 2am?!?!!! He must have thought we were idiots.I had been up getting dressed for my wedding day at 5:30 that morning. I was exhausted, unhappy and just wanted to go home. I said to my husband - I can't believe this is happening right now - I'm going to have to write a bad review of this hotel. At that very moment the manager jumped in and said - You know what, I know it's your wedding night - I can go ahead and cancel the reservation - sorry for the miscommunication. Just like that. Like he could've done 30 mins earlier.At that point we were just relieved to be able to go home. Our friend called the hotel the next morning and let them know what an important night they ruined. The day manager looked up the reservation and what had the night manager written?? Cancellation due to weather.On top of that, although apologizing profusely for all the trouble, the only solution the hotel could come up with at that point was to offer us a bigger room AT THE SAME RATE. Not even a discounted rate, the same rate. We let them know none of us would be spending our money there. We will never stay at the Bowery Hotel because of this experience with their night manager. And none of our friends will stay or recommend it to anyone either. We are not saying the quality of the hotel is bad - we will just never know.	
Apr 4 2008 	my new house in New-York!	We just stayed at the Bowery hotel for five nights,we had the best time ever.The staff is incredible;they are all super sweet,young and good looking..really!we booked a king size bed with bathtub,the room was brilliant.it is small but very well designed,and because of the floor to ceiling windows,we didn't feel claustrophobic. the bath tub over looking the city was the best place to end the day.the restaurant &quot;Gemma &quot;is fantastic,,and if you don't want to deal with the crowds,they'll serve you in your room,very romantic! the bar is also great,they have a good mix of people but you don't get the eurotrash and the &quot;bar hopers/losers&quot;...just a nice crowd. Even my wife who's&quot; five stars luxe primadonna &quot;loved it!don't look any further in the big apple,this is the place if you want to be downtown.If you have the budget,get their junior suite on the 14th floor,or the suites with patio,you'll feel like a rockstar!!	
Apr 3 2008 	Great Hotel	We stayed at The Bowery for 4 nights in March 2008 to celebrate our 10th wedding anniversary, and both agreed it was the best hotel we've ever stayed in. If you are tired of lookalikey chains with chinzy decor, I highly recommend the Bowery. The hardwood floors / antique rugs look is beautiful and the staff seem motivated and efficient. In the room everything is solid and thunky.We asked for a high floor with soaking tub and ended up on the 12th floor although no tubs were available (the shower was fantastic though). Our view was unobscured over East Village / LES, although if possible ask for a room overlooking midtown as I imagine that would be breathtaking. We ate at Gemma one night which is busy and buzzy.The only word of caution I would offer is whether this area is right for you. It's not an area of office buildings and tourist attractions, but rather a mix of bars, restaurants, graffiti, gritty urban types, tourists, hipsters, low rise buildings in various states of repair etc. There is also a slightly dodgy looking place right next door called 'Kenton Hall' , which I've since read is a recovery centre for Heroin Addicts.Gentrification is clearly in full swing but if you think you might feel uncomfortable stay uptown.Having said that, in common with almost all the other posters, we never felt unsafe or threatened, and would definitely come back to this location. It's only a short walk to Greenwich Village, Soho, LES bars too.	
Mar 2 2008 	Really liked it -- and I hate everything!	I really enjoyed my stay here -- spent a night in town to pretend that I didn't have children, and this was a great place to do it. The room wasn't at all large, but had great floor to ceiling windows, a nice high ceiling, and was well laid out. It really felt bigger than it was.The staff was good, the bar was nice -- it was a bit crowded to get through the lobby in the evening, but all and all it was just great.It's hard to find a nice hotel out of midtown, so I was thrilled to find the Bowery. It is close enough to the east village and Soho to feel like a part of two vibrant neighborhoods, and I really recommend it.	
Feb 14 2008	My Wonderful weekend at the Bowery Hotel	I was treated to a wonderful long weekend break at the Bowery Hotel. Not really having any expectations it felt like a wonderful adventure from the moment I arrived. This hotel is just oozing with character and happy staff who try their best to make your experience memorable. Our room ,although not overly large, was comfortable, luxurious and filled with first class amenities. Of real value, I was able to borrow a lap top computer from the front desk and enjoyed the free wifi. I would recommend this hotel to other travelers in New York.	
Feb 12 2008 	Oozing character in a perfect location!	Having arrived in New York onboard the Queen Mary we were looking forward to a brief stay in the city before flying to London. After a short cab ride from the Brooklyn Cruise Terminal we took great reassurance from the cab driver’s comments that we had picked a hotel in a nice neighbourhood and good central location.The Bowery experience begins the moment you arrive, as a smiling doorman holds the street door open in his red coat and bowler hat – the uniform kind of reminded us of ‘A Clockwork Orange’. Friendly check-in staff dealt with our reservation with total efficiency before directing us to the elevators down a ‘dimly lit’ passage. We mention level of illumination not in the negative but as a positive atmospheric effect that complements the mood and style this hotel achieves very successfully.You have to admire the overall grand design and minute attention to detail that created a hotel with such charm and personality. Bar and lounge areas are warm, relaxed and made very cosy with rich colours and heavy vintage furnishing. Our room was of comfortable proportions and combined period features with modern conveniences in perfect synergy. There’s a lot to delight the eye and every need well catered for – we’ve never seen such a well-stocked mini bar/cupboard that even included an umbrella.As proprietors of a small luxury B&amp;B in ‘Old’ York, England, we couldn’t help examine the room in great detail. It ticked all the boxes for cleanliness, quality bedding and toiletries and guests comforts. We practically liked the spacious bathroom, floor to ceiling windows and well planned layout. Wardrobe hanging space was a little limited but it didn’t affect us on such a short visit.We are very happy we stayed at The Bowery Hotel, which is an attraction in its own right. If you prefer a change from the corporate formula hotel chains you’ll love The Bowery!	
Jan 28 2008 	wow	stayed here over the new year for 5 nights. all i can really say is that it really does live up to hype. the service and staff were friendly and understated, the decor really interesting and quirky, the lounge/bar area fabulously comfortable and the food in gemma was excellent. we had a king room on the corner the views downtown were truly stunning (though i would say i would ask for a room above the 7th floor). I had read the reviews about the neighbourhood and not being familiar with it was a bit apprehensive but really the area is gentrifying so quickly that it really isn't an issue. if anything you are fabulously positioned with east village a couple of minutes walk and soho only a 5/10 minute walk anyway. i cannot recommend this hotel enough. i thought it would take a lot to surpass the SOHO hotel in london but i think i finally found the hotel!	
Jan 20 2008	Excellent hotel with tons of personality	I stayed here just before Christmas time. A friend reserved this hotel as part of his 35th birthday - treating himself in this rather expensive hotel. The rate was quite a lot- over $400 if I can remember correctly. Compared to large five star hotels at a similar cost, what you're paying for at the Bowery is character and something different rather than the many 'value add' services you'd get at a luxury chain - ie nice gym, restaurants, points programmes, etc. So, if you determine value and luxury by these latter criteria, the Bowery wouldn't be for you.What it does promise is an excellent and casual staff, a can-do attitude and an intimate setting where you feel a part of New York rather than someone transiting through a city. The location is excellent and in easy walking distance to shopping areas and great places to eat. It is located in a neighbourhood rather than in over rated Times Square and other tourists hoo ha.The rooms are great and have tons of character although they are rather on the smaller size as far as American hotels go. The bathrooms were great and had great period features. The view was also really nice and the bedding and amenities were excellent.A nice touch and value add was the Mac Books you could borrow from the front desk if you didn't bring your own computer. These were great with the free wifi in the building.A very nice and special hotel in New York and would definitely recommend it if you're looking for a change.In room recycling and other small environmental initiatives would have been appreciated but were not apparent.	
Jan 13 2008 	Great NYC hotel!!!!!	Great, new, chic hotel in a trendy lower east side neighborhood. I can't say enough about the good service we had this weekend at The Bowery. As good, if not better, than any Four Seasons we have stayed at in the U.S. From the front desk, to the fun servers in the lobby bar, Jamie (great hair!), to the fabulous room service breakfast (best I have ever had in a hotel room and fast) from the adjoining trattoria Gemma. We had a lovely suite with nice windows. The street noise can be a bit much if it's a weekend, lots of horns and crowds, but that is at any NYC hotel. The windows are soundproof, but we still heard a lot of activity out there until the wee hours. This is an under 40 crowd for sure. I was surprised, considering the $700 a night price tag. Beautiful space in a great neighborhood filled with excellent choices to eat and a walk to Soho and Noho. Can't wait to go back.	
Jan 4 2008 	Absolutely loved it. Best in NYC.	We booked this hotel for a romantic getaway because of the Tripadvisor reviews I read about it. And boy, were they right...! Beautiful, cozy, friendly, clean...awesome! What a special place... I highly recommend it. My husband and I were pleased with the suprisingly large room. It had a floor to ceiling window, hard wood floor, a beautiful big bathroom and a very comfy bed. The area needs some development still but it is okay. Whole Foods is very close, so we had breakfast there sometimes. The hotel breakfast in the room was great as well, though. We will definitely return.	
Dec 17 2007 	Loved It	We stayed at the Bowery Hotel this November, and it was just perfect. The rooms are great -- amazing beds and great views. The bathroom was fantastic - my favorite part! The staff was great -- always on hand whether it was just to open the door to the heated vestibule or hand you your key (think European hotel key system). Location - doesn't get any better than this. This is truly the four corners of NYC -- E. Village, Soho, LES and NoHo. It's not cheap but it's well worth it for a splurge in New York. Can't wait to go back.	
Dec 14 2007 	Bowery Hotel is a gem	We celebrated our 10-year anniversary with a two-night stay at the Bowery Hotel. Even though we were in the least-expensive room class (standard queen), the room was spacious, luxuriously appointed with a huge bathroom that had an incredible soaking tub, and we had two walls of floor-to-ceiling windows. Pluses: the clientele was a bit older (40+) -- lots of Europeans, too. I was happy to be in a hotel with this mix, as I was concerned that my husband and I might feel a bit long in the tooth at such a hot boutique hotel. The staff was incredibly accommodating and courteous. Gemma, the hotel's restaurant, served a great breakfast at a reasonable price. The neighborhood is vibrant and hip -- still a little seedy, but we like that mix. The little cajun restaurant on Great Jones, across from the hotel, was cozy and delicious (and reasonable!). The minuses (not enough for me to give the hotel less than five stars, though): the neighborhood is noisy. Perhaps it was the windows (that I wouldn't want to do without!), but Bowery is a very busy thoroughfare, and the honking taxis seemed to be bustling into the wee (read 3 a.m.) hours of the night. Some people might want a fancier neighborhood, but we love the vibrancy of this area. Yes, the room was pricey ($495/night), but we could have spent the same money elsewhere in Manhattan and gotten a lot less. I'd highly recommend this hotel ... but selfishly I want to keep it a secret! ;o)	
Dec 10 2007 	Do not hesitate this hotel is fantastic	I am what my husband affectionately (I hope!!) refers to as high maintenance whereas I prefer &quot;particular&quot; as a description and we both think this hotel is fantastic . The room (yes not huge but this is NY norm) was made to feel spacious as a result of the gorgeous floor to ceiling factory windows and our room over looked the financial district skyline, there was crisp white bed-linen and a lovely bathroom (request a bath otherwise you will get only a shower). The overall standard of service was excellent and the reception staff were incredibly knowledgeable and helpful - every recommendation (restaurants, diners and shops) were spot on. We found the location ideal in that you could walk everywhere - Greenwich Village just 10 minutes away and metro line 3 minutes walk away. We have stayed up-town before and would now always chose this location (mid-town) for return visits as you are close enough to the action but able to have some down time too. Be aware that this is in an urban regeneration area so there is a salvation army shelter on the block and it has a vibey and up and coming feel to it - not polished and perfect so avoid if this is not your thing! The bar/lounge area is very trendy and nice to sit by the fire at the end of the day. Only small fault was that we had a quick snack (could only chose from the room service menu at that time) in the lounge one afternoon and the food was average (pasta way under-cooked and crisp) but the restaurant was always full so this could have just been a once off thing or as a result of it being from the room service menu. Couple of recommendations of things to do: Greenwich food tour (great 3 hour walking tour of Greenwich village and its eateries with sampling), any sporting event at Madison Square Garden (we saw the NY Knicks which were terrible (!) but it is real theatre and well worth going to), Indochine Restaurant (5-10 minutes walk from the hotel) for great thai fusion food and cocktails, Smith and Wollensky for an amazing steak (book on the internet before you go as it is very busy and ask for a booth table) and finally Balthazar for a lovely breakfast in a lavish NY setting. Enjoy and do not hesitate to stay at the Bowery hotel - we certainly won't be staying anywhere else when we return to NY.	
Nov 17 2007	Lovely 	My husband and I recently spent one night at the Bowery Hotel. First of all, the decor is stunning. Somehow they have managed, as a brand new establishment, to pull off the ambience of a venerable NYC institution (think the Algonquin) while still being contemporary. The rooms hold many nice touches. I am fussy about light, and I particularly appreciated the numerous lighting options and settings. Also loved the floor-to-ceiling window with a great view of the City and its lights. We kept saying that our room somehow reminded us of our former Manhattan apartment, but we didn't know how or why. Now I realize it probably was because we weren't in midtown, and the view of the neighborhood had that, well, neighborhood feel. The minibar held some unique choices (and definite firsts), as well. As others note, the Bowery staff is exceptionally friendly and helpful. I don't know where else I have come across staff members -- reception, bellhops, housekeeping, waiters -- who seem so genuinely (as opposed to obsequiously) happy to greet you. The one downside (for us) is that the hotel is just a little too self-consciously &quot;hip&quot; at the moment.As hotel guests, we were able to make last-minute reservations at the hotel restaurant , Gemma (which is surprisingly affordable). And despite the fact that it was absolutely packed when we arrived, with many people waiting for tables, the staff saw to it that we were seated right at the appointed hour. (Warning: average age is about 30!)	
Nov 16 2007 	The Best Hotel in NYC	I've stayed in around 30 hotels in New York and spend about 6 months a year traveling and living in hotels and i can honestly say this is the best hotel i have ever stayed in, the staff are amazing the rooms are amazing, the location is amazing, i would suggest this hotel to anyone no matter what you are going to New York for.	
Nov 16 2007 	Authentic New York experience	This is a fabulous hotel. It is the fourth hotel I've tried in New York - but is by far the best. The first thing you notice when you check in is the friendly and helpful service - with a rare sincerity that you don't often see in New York. I had a smaller room, as I was travelling alone - but it was wonderful. It was cosy, comfortable and had a great feel to it. There is a wonderfully comfortable bar down in the lobby area with a fire and what looks like a great outdoor area for summer. (It was way too cold to go outside this time.) The hotel's food is provided by the Italian restaurant attached to the hotel. It is great food, and a great restaurant - although a little pricy for breakfast. I also loved the location. Previously we have stayed midtown - where most of the hotels are. The location of this hotel feels far more authentic to the New York experience and is within walking distance of ome great locations, restaurants and cafes. If I had one complaint about the hotel it is the showers. On the plus size they are huge (and not in a bathtub - why do all hotels do that?). On the negative side it only has one of the those rainshower heads which are on the high ceiling. When I wanted to wash my hair, I found it too high for the water pressure to be close to good enough; and when I didn't wash my hair, the water splashed everyhere. But overall, the hotel is fabulous - a bohemian hideaway providing an authentic New York experience. I look forward to staying there again.	
Nov 11 2007 	Great Hotel	I originally booked for three nights but ended up staying there for the whole seven night trip. The reason? This hotel is just wonderful. On arrival the staff were friendly and helpful. They gave us a great corner room (1111) with excellent views through the floor to ceiling windows. As mentioned in other reviews, the rooms are very characterful and actually pretty large for NYC. The bathroom had a HUGE tub and a view of the ESB!! The area is fantastic for people who like great bars and cool music venues. The lower east side is full of them. I was a little wary of safety of the area before going but it's fine, same as any other big city. Be aware that there is construction happening across the street, although we had no problems with noise. The lobby bar was brilliant, great drinks with zero attitude. Good place for people watching and the odd celeb thrown in too. All in all I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel. It's not exactly cheap, but for similar prices you could end up staying in a boring, characterless chain hotel. Definately going back.	
Nov 6 2007	Stunning	We loved the Bowery. We'd gone ahead and booked it because, although it was a lot of money, it didn't seem like too much more than some very average looking hotels, and it looked great on the website ... but we were nervous - what if we'd spent all that money for nothing much?In reality it exceeded our expectations. The 11th floor room was fantastic, with great views on two sides, and everything you could need from a place to play your iPod to a great wet/dry minibar. Service, especially from the Porters/Door staff and Room Service, was exceptionally friendly and helpful. And the indoor and outdoor (smoking allowed!) bars were just gorgeous.The location, while not central, was great for the subway and some interesting places to explore such as Little Italy and East Village.Let's put it this way: we will never have to spend time thinking about where to stay in future when we visit NYC. It's a slam dunk.	
Nov 6 2007 	my best hotel experience	We stayed at the Bowery Hotel for two nights at the end of September, and it was absolutely the best experience I've ever had in a hotel. The staff was completely professional, the room was beautiful and the attention to architectural details was astonishing. There are so many little touches in this new building that echo the past, from the stained glass transom in the room to the star-shaped beam supports on the outside walls. The Friday and Saturday nights we were there, the super comfortable lobby was hopping with people socializing, which felt very exciting to a couple of midwesterners. Altogether a wonderful hotel!	
Oct 29 2007 	Loved This Romantic Bohemian Hotel	We stayed for one night, 10/ 27/07. What a wonderful place to stay if you're tired of the monochromatic, granite, glass, metal, &quot;we're so hip we can hardly bear to crack a smile&quot;, one-note hotels (i.e. The W's, The Soho Grand, etc..). Everyone, from the reservationist, to the front desk, to the waitstaff at the fabulously cool late-night bar, was, dare I say, friendly and helpful! Our room (we had a corner suite on the 11th floor with an incredible view) was gorgeous with dark hardwood floors, warm-toned Turkish rugs, and a beautifully upholstered seating area. It wasn't overdone elegance, it was the kind of room you wanted to live in. The bed, pillows and linens were perfect; crisp, light, soft and warm. The bath products were Bigelow, which was a nice touch. And since it was my husbands 40th birthday, the management had a really great bottle of wine waiting for us in the room when we checked in. All in all, a fantastic visit. We will definitely stay here again and recommend it to our friends	
Oct 29 2007 	Far exceeded expectations would love to stay again	I stayed here for 4 nights in mid-October, in a Bowery Queen. I wasn't expecting much, given the location (newly gentrifying neighborhood) &amp; my generally poor experiences at &quot;hip hotels&quot; around the world (which often have great common areas but terrible service/rooms). I was incredibly surprised to find a thoughtfully &amp; tastefully decorated, charming, period style hotel with good service, which I would love to stay at again.I was very impressed with the decor - the hotel has attempted to create an old New York atmosphere, with dark carved wood panels, a large stone fireplace, oil paintings, dim lighting, kilim carpets (think a luxurious version of an old West Village pub). I think it works due to the quality of the materials &amp; thoughtfulness of the design - e.g., my room had a stained glass detail on the arch of the entry hall. There is also a lovely sunny terrace adjoining the main lounge which overlooks an open garden &amp; is the perfect place to have cocktails, read the paper, meet friends, etc. The bar &amp; lounge areas are very cozy.My room on the 9th floor was bright &amp; had a great view over the Bowery through full-length windows, which are done in an old local factory style. The luxurious pressed sheets, Bigelow amenities, oversized rainshower, huge range of cable channels &amp; complimentary DVD rentals (a very intelligent selection) were terrific &amp; showed the thought that went into creating the experience. Plus, wireless internet access is available throughout the hotel with complimentary laptop rental; I can't say enough about this point, as someone who hates to travel with a laptop &amp; is therefore dependent on hotel internet facilities.Finally - and possibly the biggest surprise - the service was very good: friendly, no attitude, efficient. I also had brunch at the Italian restaurant Gemma, which was very good. And the location is extremely convenient - 5 min walk to 6 train, Lower East Side, Nolita, East Village, 10 mins to Soho, 20 mins to Tribeca, West Village.Overall, I would recommend the Bowery for anyone looking for a nice hotel with character near the LES. My sole caveat would be that I didn't use the concierge service and so cannot comment on that. My room was also freezing (no heat) when I arrived, but a call to the front desk fixed that without any problem.	
Oct 26 2007 	Amazing Hotel	We stayed at the Bowery for 5 nights in March shortly after it had reopened, the restaurants weren't at that point open, but everything else was fantastic. The staff were so helpful and friendly and the rooms and decor were superb. Our room was huge with floor to ceiling windows and the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in. The bathroom was amazing and the mini bar was more like a small corner shop. It's so refreshing to find such an individual and customer friendly hotel in NY. I loved this hotel and I would love to stay there again.	
Oct 24 2007	Great hotel in an amazing building	Stayed only one night but the service was excellent and the view was amazing. A very enjoyable room to stay in.	
Oct 5 2007 	The windows open the bed is comfy service is great!	I was surprised the room was as roomy as it was. The Kind-sized bed seemed to be actually king-sized (the one's at the SoHo Grand aren't American-sized Kings). The whole wall of windows---WHICH OPEN!!!!!---is great. The AC worked really good (but we were there the highest temp day was 85 or so - so I'm not sure if it'll work as well on a day in the upper 90s). The service was excellent and no matter what we asked for, we were taken care of.The one irritating thing is the level of lighting. It's flattering, and lovely at night, and makes for the kind of award-winning cinematography in a noir, but... after coming inside during the daylight, we almost needed a flashlight to get around. Oh, and the remote control and TV didn't work. The front desk said sometimes the maids turn it on and fiddle with it, and then when they leave, it's all messed up. One can turn on the TV but only get one channel, for instance. no matter what you do.Another bad thing is that they don't wash the bed linens daily. And, there isn't a sign to put out to communicate otherwise. I have very sensative skin and on the third day of my stay, I started breaking out on my face. I had the suspicion the linens were not changed, so I called to complain. Had I known they did not change the linens daily, I'd be fine with asking them to. But I didn't like not knowing.The food at GEMMA is so-so. A bit overpriced for what it is. And while we were there Cameron Diaz was there and Papparazzi were all over the place outside. That's annoying. It's already annoying when the hotel restaurant can't seat it's guests for an hour because the local tarts and metrosexuals are there to be seen, &quot;discovered&quot; -- or worse. They should have a policy where hotel guests get priority seating. OR better yet - they should voluntarily serve guests food in the lobby or on that back veranda instead of doing it via room service.Besides, there are so many other better restaurants in NYC. But it is a good place to come back to after eating elsewhere and having a Port and dessert. Would I stay here again? Yes, absolutely. But I'd think twice about it until the current &quot;hip&quot; factor settles down a bit.	
Sep 22 2007 	Home away from home	I agree with everything the last reviewer said.We had a fabulous time at the Bowery Hotel. It's beautiful, and the beds and showers are to die for. The staff went out of their way to be helpful, from excellent room service, to contacting drivers and checking our bags. The hostesses and cocktail wait staff were the kindest in New York. This is a world class boutique hotel, and I will stay here every time I visit New York. It is very European with the best that American hospitality has to offer. We had one mix up in that we had made reservations at the restaurant Gemma a week before, and yet they had somehow lost our reservation. When the manager found that we were staying at the hotel, we were seated in two minutes! That almost NEVER happens anywhere! I can't believe that anyone would have a bad experience there. Although it does seem to draw a crowd with well defined aesthetic interests. Not at all a tourist trap, or typical business setting. More like a home away from home. All of the other guests seemed just as content to be there as we were.	
Sep 17 2007 	Gorgeous!	What a beautiful well run hotel. Having stayed in numerous luxury hotels in New York and around the world, the Bowery Hotel really does stand out. The design of the place is amazing, both dark and cosy, but at the same time terribly cosmopolitan and luxurious. From the beautiful doormen, to the barmen, every member of staff was a delight. The room, although not terribly big was perfect in everyway – great bed, great view from the large window and a brilliant shower in the bathroom.I would thoroughly recommend this hotel.	
Sep 5 2007 	Awesome	All the employees were incredibly friendly and welcoming.Great locationBeautiful LobbyLoved the bedding and huge bathtubAmazing light from huge floor the ceiling windowsGemma's food is really good and enjoyed the atmosphere very much	
Sep 5 2007	A tradition has been started	After reading all the reviews from this site on which hotel to stay at, I finally decided on The Bowery, and I am glad I did..The entire staff is spectacular and I believe that is definitely a huge factor in the hotel business. But the hotel itself is gorgeous. Like the previous review, it was also my husband and I mini honeymoon. The rooms are very accomodating and the bed is seriously the most comfortable bed we have ever slept in. I didn't request a tub, but called the night before check in and had no problem getting a room with a bath tub. The view was amazing, (we were on the 9th. floor). You can take a bath while looking at The Empire state building and The Chrysler building, WOW.  We walked to China Town and Little Italy for sights and dinner, which was really fun and delicious. We really like the location a lot and the weather that weekend was beautiful. The restaurant, The Gemma was open, but we already had dinner reservations in Little Italy. It was very busy. Next time we stay at The Bowery we will eat there for dinner. We did have breakfast there the next morning (the coffee is the best I have ever had). We can't wait to go back already, wouldn't stay anywhere else. We definitely intend on going every year for our anniversary.	
Aug 27 2007 	Is it shallow to be in love with a deep bathtub?	My new husband and I stayed at the Bowery for a long weekend in mid-August as our 'mini-moon.' Because of a family crisis, we had to cancel our honeymoon trip to Italy and our weekend in NY was to make up for it. So you have two stressed, depressed newlyweds pinning their entire hopes for a bit of happiness on NY and the Bowery Hotel. No pressure, right? Amazingly, the Bowery exceeded our expectations, exceeded our dire need for romance, tranquility, peace, and relaxation. A room in NY that feels BIG! And SPECIAL! With huge windows and a huge marble bathtub. From my first bubble bath, life seemed to get a little easier. We loved the sexy, literary seediness of the lobby and bar. We loved the clean lines and airiness of the room (we were on the 9th floor... the views were great...a lower floor might only afford a view of the buildings being rehabbed across the street). And if you like the shops, boutiques, and great little restaurants of Soho and Nolita, you can't do better for location. Do what we did: go further into Soho and wait in the long line at Magnolia, get yourself a box of cupcakes, and go back to the Bowery and order tea from the quiet, lush patio. Then go back up to your room and nap on the soft bed. Who needs Italy?	
Aug 13 2007 	Am angry I couldn’t stay longer!!!	I find myself talking more about The Bowery than the trip itself. I contacted the hotel directly to set a reservation and everything was as they said it would be when I arrived. The building and attention to detail is amazing. I'm confident this is nothing like the last three hotels you've stayed in. The younger sexy staff works very hard to make sure you’re comfortable which I think is a rare find these days. If you’re trying to decide between The Bowery and the last place you stayed I’m confident you will not be disappointed with this choice!!!	
Aug 10 2007 	Don't stay anywhere else!	Currently in it's &quot;soft opening&quot; stage, the bowery is brand new but feels classic and familiar the moment you walk though the door.what i loved- rain shower w/ c.o. bigelow products- free wifi- check ing in early @ 10 am after a red eye- beautiful gothic feeling lobby with marble tile mosiacs on the floor (very similar to the floors in the new greek and roman sculpture galleries at the met)- comfy bed w/ view of the chrystler bulding - tasseled key that you leave at the front desk and never have to worry about losing.- little green stool so you can sit in front of the desk/mirror- attentive but not invasive service- catalan restaurant down the street called 'mercat'- old time new york ambiance - brick, dim lights, wood panels-$375 a nite. cheap for new york!- you can open the windows- same feel as the maritime hotel (same owners) but much more posh and luxurious.what could use a little work- front desk/ reservations dept. very slow to pick up the phone.when you finally did get ahold of them though they are very helpful and pleasant.- one day out of three my room was not made up until after 6pm.i really can't wait to go back here. it felt like home.	
Aug 4 2007 	Shockingly Fantastic Room	I was in a pickle to book one night in Manhattan for a biz trip two days before I was to arrive. I searched high and low and could not find anything decent for less than $700 per night. I knew the Bowery was opening soon so I called and secured a lower price room than expected. I was very skeptical but was blown away by the gorgeous decor and attention to detail. Yes, it's in one of the worst areas of NYC (there is nothing interesting in the immediate vicinity of the hotel except for WaMu to get cash) and finding a cab was a huge challenge, but the room was phenomenal. I was in a corner king with floor to ceiling windows with views of the Empire State and the Chrystler buildings. The bathroom of white tile and marble had a huge window with the same view directly above the huge soaking tub. I've stayed in more than 30 hotels so far this year and this was by far the best decor. Room service (breakfast) was on time, hot and delicious.My arrival at the hotel came two days before the official opening but I give the staff credit for going out of their way to make me feel welcomed. Everyone I encountered, from the cleaining staff, door men and front desk were professional and pleasant.I highly recommend it.	
Jul 23 2007 	A Gem	This hotel was superb - impeccable service from all the staff we encountered, reasonably priced for NYC, fabulous floor to ceiling windows giving great light and space, a great downtown location (a little rough and ready, but 5 min walk to the delights of Soho) and the best bit......? Simply the most fabulously comfortable bed I've ever experienced in an hotel anywhere. Worth every cent!	
Jul 9 2007 	The best hotel in New York I've ever stayed at.	I've stayed at many hotels in New York and this has to be the best so far. Given the $275 price through Quikbook and the size and quality of the room this would be the first hotel I would look to rebook again when I come back to New York. Overall, attention to detail, the quality of finishings, friendliness of staff, bathroom accessories (though what is it with American towels..they are almost never large, soft or fluffy) and a lovely view over a small park made this a great stay. The location is not so seedy as people make out and it's a quick walk to Soho and close to other downtown hotspots . There's even a Wholefoods a block away and check out the small restaurants in and around nearby Bond St.	
Jul 9 2007	A great find	I stayed here for 3 nights in April 07 and had a beautiful room with floor to ceiling windows. Great service - we arrived on a red eye and they not only gave us a room at 9:30 a.m. but since only an upgrade was available - they gave that to us at no extra cost. Our departure date was during the middle of a Nor'easter and they easily gave us another night. I filled out the feedback form and received a nice letter from the owner thanking for me taking the time and offered me an upgrade on our next visit. Overall, excellent service, beautifully appointed, clean room. Highly recommended!	
Jun 26 2007 	A very cool place	My sister and I stayed here in June while we managed some family-related business. We were looking for something a little different and convenient to Greenwich Village. The Bowery Hotel is a great place - extremely charming and well-appointed. The specific block where the hotel is located is iffy, a mens' shelter is on the corner. No big deal, but a little grubby. Easy to walk up to the Village, Astor Square is just a few blocks north. We took advantage of breakfast room service one morning only (just coffee) because they began serving too late (7am) for our schedule. And...no easy coffee nearby. Quite a hike to the nearest Starbucks (hard to believe, but true). The staff was great; young, hip, and friendly. Nice to have no haughty attitude!! Got a great recommendation for a dinner restaurant from one of the doormen. Room was lovely, small but perfectly fine. Fabulous big window, lots of light. Clean and nicely decorated. Great shower. If you are looking for something a little different and fairly hip and overly pretentious, this is a great place.	
Jun 25 2007	Love at First Sight	I had a lovely stay at the Bowery Hotel. My room was on the third floor facing north. Looking out the over-sized windows, you can see the Empire State and Chrysler Buildings. The room was spacious and warmly decorated (A suite? It was a gift so I am not sure). The bed was large and comfortable, but the pillows were extremely soft and squishy.The bathroom was a bit of a disappointment. The toilet was thunderously loud and there was no bath, only a large shower with a “rain” head. The shower is all marble and quite slippery. I think it was designed by a man, there were no ledges for shaving your legs or a place to put your products.Ice was delivered quickly upon request. There is a busy firehouse on the corner which may disturb those looking for quiet. I’m a New Yorker and didn’t notice the sirens that much or the Salvation Army center across the street. I would happily return to the hotel.	
Jun 24 2007	great place	Stayed at the Bowery 2 nights in June. I thought it was a great stay overall. The hotel was interesting and comfortable, while still feeling cool . My room had been &quot;upgraded&quot; to a king on the 7th floor. Although it was a pretty small room, it was very well decorated and the bed was large and comfortable. The best thing about the room, however, was the fact that 2 walls were floor to ceiling windows, giving me a fabulous view of downtown by night and a refreshing view of the grassy courtyard(?) by day. Who knew there was a strech of open land in the middle of New York? These windows made the room feel much larger than it really was and really added a magnificent touch to my stay in the city. As a woman travelling alone I felt comfortable walking in the neighborhood by myself. I loved the hotel's convenience to the East Village, SOHO, Chinatown, etc. I usually stay in Midtown, but loved being in this area. The staff were very nice and helpful, although some guests were having trouble checking in when I arrived.I would definitely stay at the Bowery again.	
Jun 18 2007 	Terrific	I stayed during the first week of May for a business trip. I was pleasantly surprised by the size of the room and decor. I travel to NY for work frequently and this is my newest favorite hotel.The rooms are a great size (for NY). The bed is very comfortable and I could not hear my neighbors at all (despite the beautiful hardwood floors). I loved that unlike many of the boutique hotels built in the past 5-10 years, the decor was warm and inviting (versus the typical stark and white). The Bigelow ammenities were a nice touch as well. Room service was quick and the food was delicious. I enjoyed meeting friends in the bar - a very nice, laid back environment early-on in the week, a bit more cheesy later in the week (as with any hotel bar). Once the gym and restaurant open, this will be an amazing property. Yes, the neighborhood is still a bit seedy but it won't be for long - as a former New Yorker, I felt completely at home.	
Jun 6 2007 	Fabulous 	Wow, the Bowery is a great hotel! The staff was extremely friendly, polite and attentive. Requests were attended to within a few minutes. The rooms are pretty good size, and many of them have fabulous views. If you can, ask for the king-size room 1211 - it's on a corner with a great view, and the bathroom has a soaking tub by a large window which is to die for. In fact, one of the staff themselves said &quot;this bathroom has the best view in the hotel&quot;. The location of the hotel too could not be better - there are literally hundreds of restaurants and clubs in the vicinity.We will definitely be back.	
Jun 3 2007 	A really nice boutique hotel	I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in May, 2007. It is still a &quot;new&quot; hotel, where the (young) staff is trying to work out the kinks. Everyone was very helpful and polite, however, and requests were attended to quickly. The bar is a funky place, sort of Moroccan in style, with a small outside patio as well. The room, a standard &quot;queen&quot;, was on the small side, but had lovely views (try to get a high floor). I asked for a room with a soaking tub, and it was fabulous. A huge marble tub with a panoramic view of lower Manhattan - definitely not a standard hotel tub. The room had nice touches - an iPod port, a flat screen TV, nice bed linens. The only negatives were the lack of storage/dresser (the hotel should at least add luggage racks for the suitcases) and that the tub was so high up (with no step stool) that it was a bit difficult to climb in and out of it. Anyone with any sort of difficulty in stepping up and down almost 2 feet would find it too hard to get in or out of the tub. The location is great if you like the lower East Side, Soho, the Village etc. It's a wonderful eclectic and funky area - definitely not as refined as mid-town, but easily accessible to mid-town by subway or cab. There are great little stores and restaurants within a few blocks in either direction and the hotel is definitely an upscale oasis in this area.The restaurant at the hotel hadn't yet opened, but there are so many restaurants nearby (and a huge Whole Foods store 3 blocks away) that it isn't really a detriment.I'd highly recommend this hotel. It was so nice to be in a unique place, away from a chain hotel feeling.	
Jun 2 2007 	Wow. I loved this place.	Could not have enjoyed it more. The room was beautiful, with the aforementioned huge windows and marble bath. Everything was inviting and comfortable, with the sunny room done in cream and serene green (I was expecting hip and stark, as at other boutique hotels). Great black-out curtains. The lobby is phenomenal, as is the bar and most enjoyably, the terrace where we ate breakfast alone. So quiet and peaceful. And the view from the terrace: I never knew that the Bowery hid an 1800s stone-walled cemetary and a grass and tree-filled expanse. The staff was also warm and pleasant.I am sure once the restaurant and nightclub open guests will no longer feel that they have the place to themselves--glad we got to experience it. I am also curious to see what the rates jump to. We paid $350/night for a queen room.We have stayed at the Gansevoort (thumping club music, overrun neighborhood and cold decor) as well as the new version of the Gramercy Park Hotel, which was dark, bordello chic and maybe a warmer version of Ian Shrager but still a bit off-putting. The Bowery hotel has the best atmosphere, hands-down.	
May 19 2007 	Good hotel - recommended (but needs to sort out some teething problems)	This hotel has a distinctive style being more similar to an olde worlde English country house, complete with log fire. The rooms were a decent size and the styling continues here with brass lamps and bathroom fittings and faded rugs. I probably wouldn't have chosen it had i seen the design beforehand but actually found it quite refreshing from the minimal uber chic city hotels which are common these days.The service is a bit mixed with some staff being excellent e.g. Brett (porter) and one or two of the receptionists who were very helpful. For others, i gave them the benefit of the doubt and supposed they were new to the hotel industry - not terrible but just not quite there yet. They could do with having a concierge or ensuring more staff are at reception, particularly as the key is attached to a huge tassle which you have to hand in to reception and ask for every time - bit inconvenient.The restaurant is not yet open but they do provide room service (although it had just started that week). Avoid! We ordered breakfast in the room and it was poor. The croissants were large but not particularly nice and they forgot to send jam/butter with them. I called to ask for some jam - they sent one measly individual jam pot and some butter. And only $46... If you do stay here I strongly recommend you go around the corner (houston street i think) and have breakfast at Cafe Colonial, a Brazilian cafe which serves delicious french toast and a range of other breakfasty things for half the price of the hotel.The room was very quiet and had floor to ceiling windows with great views out over the other relatively low rise buildings (try to get a room higher up and at the back). Two problems with the room though: wardrobe space is quite poor and the a/c struggles during the day. There was plenty of space to have some other drawers or even another small wardrobe but the only storage in the room was half taken up with the minibar. And the only drawers were very small being more like the writing desk than for storing clothes. As for the a/c and fan, well during the morning the sun streams in through the large windows and really heats the room up. If you are out most of the day then it is not really an issue but on the last morning we really noticed how hot it could get even with a/c on full - i'm not sure i'd like it in the full heat of summer.The location is very handy for the shops and restaurants of Soho and Greenwich village. It is a bit more rundown looking than some of the areas uptown and there was the occassional down and out or person hanging around on the street but we didn't have any trouble.All in all, this was a good hotel, especially for the price. If they manage to sort out the teething problems then i'm sure it will do well and we would consider staying there again.	
May 10 2007 	Will be a great hotel	Stayed at the Bowery Hotel for 3 nights. Let me start out by raving about the room. The bed was lovely and extremely comfortable. The huge window was fabulous--on my last night there I slept with the curtains open (had a very early flight). I went to bed to the light of the moon over the lights of the city and awoke to the pink sky of sunrise. The bathroom and amenities were also top notch. My room faced the back of the property and was extremely quiet for NYC. The lobby courtyard/patio was a great place to eat the muffin I had purchased for breakfast at a nearby bakery and read the NYTimes.  Two issues that they need to work out are: 1. the air conditioning, They are aware of the problem but even on mild days in May the room would heat up during the day and would not cool off much at night even with the thermostat as low as it would go. This will really be a problem during the hot summer months. 2. the inexperienced staff. Everyone who I dealt with was very nice (and young) but when I asked for restaurant recommendations at the front desk I heard of some of their personal favorites but no offer to help get a reservation. I did not see or hear of a concierge. Also while I was checking out the young woman at the desk kept answering the phone and dealing with those issues while my cab sat out front. She even argued with one customer over some missinformation he had received. Maybe a course in Customer Service 101 (or 2 people at the desk) would help. It was curious to me that they have actual room keys (not cards) attached to very large tassels so the desk does deal with each customer multiple times a day when they are dropping off and picking up their keys. The Bowery Hotel was a great location for my trip and since I was paying a reduced rate due to the &quot;soft opening&quot; I was satisfied with my stay. Hopefully they will get the kinks worked out before they raise the rates.	
Apr 29 2007 	Fantastic and worth every penny!. Impeccable Service!	my husband just got back from an easter trip to nyc and we stayed at the Bowery for 5 nights. the service there was impeccable. from the minute we got out of the cab to the morning we checked out. the bowery is a class act all the way. the rooms are tastefully funished with all the amenities and the bar downstairs is fantastic. the staff are well trained and friendly. they have achieved a new level of customer service. we had no complaints whatsoever. will definitely stay there again and again. the location is perfect and is easily accessible to all of the city. with cabs and subways nearny. soho and the lower east side is just a stroll away. lovely!	
Apr 27 2007 	Downtown Luxury Walk to Village / SOHO / Everything -- Easy Cab Uptown		
Apr 23 2007 	Elegant hotel in a great location		
Apr 11 2007 	Very Cool Hotel!		
Apr 9 2007 	Beyond expectations - strongly recommended		
Apr 2 2007	The Bowery is Amazing		
Mar 22 2007 	My new favorite		
Mar 20 2007 	Beautiful Hotel Fantastic Location		
Mar 12 2007 	Gorgeous new gem of a hotel		
Nov 23 2009 	My best and favorite hotel in the world		
Nov 15 2009 	Incroyable fabuleux !		
Oct 4 2008 	Il pourrait etre biien si		
May 8 2007	je le recommande !!!		
