	Cleancomfyperfect location and perfect for my budget!	This is my second stay at the travel inn on 42nd street. Even with knee damage I found the location to the theatre and shops (and times square) within a comfortable walking distance.I booked a single and got a double double, near the lift as requested. I forgot my hair dryer and uk to USA adapters and these were provided for me (hair dryer in room,plugs on request)it was a handy later check out 12pm, so I still got to run a few last min errands on my last day. In easy walk to the subway and port authority. Also across the street is a drug store with food nearby too. A fridge and microwave in the room were a nice touch and it was warm too. I can't fault this place for the price and location. Small and cozy, well looked after and helpful staff.Will return and def. Reccomend to all NYC traveller who want comfort on a budget and location to 'the thick of it' !	
Nov 23 2009 	Great Location Great Price We'll be back	Booked this hotel after reading many favorable reviews (and some not so favorable) Travelled to NYC to see the show at RadioCity and rest of the sights NYC has to offer. GPS brought us directly to hotel which was directly off 9A West Side Highway, and very easy to check in and FREE PARKING. Not to mention we were able to check in 3 HOURS EARLY. The room was large enough for our family of five. Two full size beds for 13 and 12 yr old in one bed and wife and I in the other. Sure the 10yr old son had sleeping bag on the floor but isnt that what 10yr old boys want. The beds were comfy and the bathroom was clean. Linens were all freshly laundred and spotless. I read some reviews complaining about the room being cold. Actually we though it was qiote warm and opened the window. This is NYC you will hear street noise unless you're in a highrise 10+ floors up.. We were on the 6th floor and room faced 42nd street but certainly nothing that kept us up at night. Location on 42nd street was close to everyting we needed. Felt very safe walking through the neighborhood. We were fortunate enough to have great weather. The staff was courteous and pleasant. We will absolutely make a return trip to The Travel Inn.	
Nov 8 2009 	Don't have expectations and don't need hot water you'll be fine.	Had I been left to book my own room for this trip, rather than an office assistant this never would've happened. Lesson learned. Rooms are dated, bathrooms are tight and hot water in this hotel flucuates from cold to tepid. Told front desk about water, very nice man asked &quot;How long did you let it run? / &quot;15 minutes.&quot; / &quot;You need to let it run for twenty... (all with a smile... and he was serious.). Everytime I washed my face I hit my head on the shelf above the extremely small sink. Toilet, small. The room was loud and echoy. You could easily hear people talking in the adjacent rooms. Close to a subway you can hear at odd times. Room is dingy.Front desk guys are really nice... But because you're nice does not mean I sleep better at night. Anyways, I hate complaining. It's a drag, but I don't want you to learn the hard way.	
Nov 5 2009 	Only good location and false advertisement for the rooms	The only good thing about this hotel is the location. Like they were advertising over the internet there was no flat screen tv and no refrigerators. The worst part is the heating....WE WERE TOTALLY FREEZING... The front-desk said that they put the heating only when it goes below 55...the room was so humid that we had to sleep with 2 additional covers and the second night I had to sleep all dressed up with socks and a sweather. Forget about being sexy and wearing a baby doll to impress your partner....not in november anyway!!! On the reservation we asked for a non smoking room and we got a smoking room. A good thing was that there was indoor parking. 3 light bulbs were burned too...!!!	
Oct 29 2009 	This is an excellent base for visitors who want easy access to NY top attractions	This hotel is very good value for money. The rooms were large and clean with very comfortable beds. We had a room opening onto the pool area (this was closed during our visit) and friends had one overlooking the street. Our room was quiet but a little dark, the other one was brighter but slightly noisier. Easy walking distance to Times Square, Theatres, circle cruises, bus station, underground etc. Unlike some reviewers, we found the staff helpful and generally friendly. The Deli next door was a great place for breakfast, late night pharmacy on corner was convenient and NYPD station ensured security!!!! Will certainly use again.	
Oct 19 2009 	Great hotel shame about front desk staff!!!!	Booked this hotel for 3 nights as a 21st anniversary surprise for my hubbie. Arrived after a very early start on the Wednesday morn (14.10.09). Very tiered after travelling so wanted to get to room asap. Kept waiting at reception for 5 mins even though there were 2 on reception. When finally got served took another 5 mins to find our booking only to be told that the room type that we booked wasn't available!!! Given keycard to room but when arrived maid still cleaning and was told by her that she'd be 20 mins or so!! Told reception who then swapped room for us. The 2 reception workers (both men I may add!!) were arrogant and ignorant and couldn't care less!!! However, went to room and unpacked &amp; were pleased with room (apart from no kettle!!! but heated water for a brew in microwave which is in the room!!) Very clean &amp; quiet even though our room was directly opposite the conferance room. Horribleness of staff was more than made up for by our maid who cleaned our rooms on the 6th floor, Mary. She was such a lovely, friendly person, who should be promoted to the front desk in our opinion!!! Location of hotel fantastic, clean, tidy, warm (it was freezing in New York!!!) Only bad thing was reception staff but could live with that. Deli next door ace for brekkie &amp; they reserve seats for you the next morning!!! Brill service from them as well. Would deffo stay there again. 10/10 (no points deducted for rude reception workers!!! )	
Oct 17 2009 	new york fantantastic.TravelInn 42nd street.	stayed at travelinn 42nd street.5mins from times square. grea t location.travelinn very good indeed. clean rooms ample size.me my husband and son were there in september 2009. hotelstaff very friendly and helpful, and again clean hotel great value for money. next door deli was great for breakfast. next time i go again to new york i will certainly stay at the travelinn. 10 out of10	
Oct 11 2009 	Surprising Nice for the Price	We were pleasantly surprised how nice the Travel Inn was. The rooms were a decent size, but clean and modern. We had a room with a view of the pool, away from the street, very quiet for New York City. All employees were very nice. You just can't beat this location, 2 blocks from the Port Authority where we took the shuttle from the airport. Very convenient. Water pressure was great. We would definitely stay here again when in New York for such a great price!	
Oct 2 2009 	Great deal.	Hotels in midtown Manhattan are outrageously expensive. The Travel Inn has one of the best rates in midtown PLUS parking is included. This is incredibly rare in Manhattan and saves you a minimum of $30 per day. It's not a luxury hotel, but during our stay we found it to be very clean and quiet and the staff to be quite efficient and helpful. I'm perplexed by all the people complaining about noise in their reviews. This is Manhattan. I never go there without good ear plugs. It's a big, noisy city. I didn't think the pool would matter much to us, but as it turned out it was quite hot while we were there and a late afternoon dip in the pool after hours of walking around the city was heavenly. I think for price, free parking and location the Travel Inn cannot be beat in midtown.	
Oct 1 2009 	Sleepless in NYC	We stayed at this hotel based on the fairly good ratings for this hotel and the location.We requested a quiet room a couple of months before our stay and on arrival were given a room which had the train line running underneath the room (see picture). Not much sleep that night. The next morning we moved to another room. The walls are paper thin so you get 360 degrees noise all night and in the morning - noise from the cooler in the room, the cooler outside the room, from next door guests, upstairs guests, guests in/out of lifts, cleaner trolleys, no sleep 2nd or 3rd nights. Yes this hotel may be cheaper than others and is in a fairly good location to time square and transport. However it nearly ruined my first time visit to NYC because you get no sleep so you're too tired the next day to do anything!! Also the front reception staff are very very arrogant, unhelpful and go out of their way to be nasty. I understand the hotel is old, not much you can do there, but good customer service goes a long way to making guests stay more comfortable. Travel Inn management should review their staff, their attitude and how they treat guests staying at their hotel. If you can afford it, stay somewhere else, otherwise this hotel is only for people who don't need any sleep at all and don't mind being treated badly.	
Oct 1 2009 	Great location nice rooms good service and free interior parking.	People you are paying for a nice basic hotel to go visit. The price is great. Parking is free in the garage hotel which is closed and has a security guard 24hrs. The check in was blazzingly fast. The rooms are very nice and very clean. You have microwaves and a fridge.The beds are comfortable, but the pillows are horrible. Bring your own, hahaha!Bathrooms are clean. Service was great. The hair dryer died on us, we mentionned it to the maid who was very welcoming and she had it fixed before we came back from breakfast.The location of the hotel is great. You are on the corner of 42nd and 10th and Time Square is 42nd and 7th. Hard to beat. It is also in front of the NYPD Manathan South Task Force which make it very safe.You can order food to your room until 1 am and it's a full menu.Most hotels make you pay around 60$ a night for parking. This hotel is one of the rare ones that offer it free and they had lower prices than lots of others for the rooms.	
Sep 30 2009 	Do not try to find sleep there.	We stayed as a couple and had no less than 2 room changes, after which we'd given up. On one side of the floor, you cannot open the windows as the subway runs under the hotel. If you have a room on level 3 overlooking the inside pool, be ready for sleepless nights. The swimming pool pump is a 24hour noise nuisance and resonates on the floor. It is just impossible to ignore the 24hr constant sound and vibrations in the walls. The in-room air conditioning is worse. You have to choose between which noise you prefer better. Do not plan to sleep in the morning either as the cleaning people start rolling their heavy laundry trolleys in the corridors, rattling walls, opening and closing room doors, chatting well before 8am. The counter staff are not friendly, not professional and will not tell you that they will really overcharge your credit card by US$150 and hold the amount for at least 2 weeks before releasing the hold. Definitely check your billed card upon check-in. We recommend you pay more elsewhere if you plan to sleep at night but definitely look elsewhere if you should.	
Sep 29 2009 	Nice Hotel	Room was nice. We requested two beds and the room they first sent us to only had one, the did honor the request and give us a different room. It is farther from the subway than stated - 3 avenues and NYC avenues are much longer than a standard block.	
Sep 29 2009	Bad hotel good location	As the title suggests, the only good thing about this hotel is its location. We stayed in a 2 double bed room overlooking the swimming pool which sounds lovely at first but read on to see what it was really like...- The hotel is like a maze. Not good if you have alot of luggage to drag around with you. - If you are (un)lucky to get a room overlooking the pool, be aware of the a/c unit attached to the outside of the hotel. It is so noisy, the only way to block it out is to blast the tv volume..but that doesn't really help when you want to sleep!- Room was cold and bathroom was dirty. We found toe nail clippings, dust and hair scattered around. Totally gross. - Staff are unfriendly.- The hotel is close to Times Square but is overpriced and dirty. Don't stay here!!	
Sep 18 2009 	Good hotel and price	It was difficult to make a choise of hotel because hotels in New York are expencive for what you get. A few year ago I have stayed in hotel Pennsylvania which was really bad. So I wanted to find a better hotel this time. I have found it. The Travel Inn was a nice hotel, not to big, clean, at a very good location and for a very good price. The room was nice although the bathroom was a little small. I will stay again at my next visit to New York.	
Sep 17 2009 	basic but clean	The room itself was basic but clean. Front desk staff were not the friendliest especially at night. Noisy air-con unit in the room. The location of this hotel was good as it was within walking distance of Time's Square. No early check-in. 1 internet access point in lobby for a fee. You had to walk through the car-park to get from the lobby to the elevator.	
Sep 14 2009 	Great hotel - clean great location - we're going back!	My wife and I stayed at the Travel Inn for a long weekend stay. I was very impressed with all of the staff - friendly, outgoing and cordial. Our room was spotless and although some of the decor was rather old it still looked fresh and inviting. We noticed that all of the hotel had a fresh clean smell, unlike that musty, old odor you can find in older hotels. Our room not only had a flat screen TV, but also a microwave and refrigerator that were extremely convenient. We even struck up a conversation with the maid, and she stated how they changed the linens every day unless you request otherwise. Many hotels use the same sheets over and over until you leave unless you ask them to change them. Not here. We also found the location to be safe and convenient, across the street from a police station. Times Square/subway access were a five minute walk away. And lastly, where else can you get FREE parking in NYC? We literally drove in, stayed our three days and drove out. We couldn't have asked for a better deal. Is it a five star luxury hotel? No. Is it a great place to stay in NYC for a reasonable price and total convenience? Yes. We HIGHLY recommend the Travel Inn.	
Sep 7 2009 	Noisy night at the Travel Inn NYC	Hubby and I overnighted at the Travel Inn, New York City, after getting off our cruise ship. While we were able to leave our luggage with their concierge service both before we actually got our room and after we checked out, we weren't able to check-in early. Front desk service was basic, though the staff was not particularly friendly on both morning and night shifts--certainly adequate. The room itself was basic but clean. Main complaint--our room was near the indoor enclosed pool area, so acoustics amplified any noises in the uncarpeted hall just outside our room, so it wasn't a restful night.The location of this hotel was great as was the price--within walking distance to Time's Square and the waterfront. Internet service is available in the lobby for a fee, and car service is offered to the airport for a flat rate. Would recommend the place for a short stay, but be sure to ask for a room far from the pool area.	
Aug 31 2009 	good location and value	I went for a conference at the Javits conference center and this hotel was great for this purpose. It was only three blocks away from the conference center. It is also vey closed to the marina ( circle line and world yatch cruises) and to time square. The hotel was clean , and the staff were vey helpful. It also has free parking and a deli next door. There is a police station, just in front of it, so I felt very safe.	
Aug 29 2009 	Very clean and quiet	Spotless hotel with very friendly staff. A diner right next door and only two blocks from times square and subway. Very affordable and great location.	
Aug 28 2009 	Nice Hotel Not Great	I just came back from 2 nights stay. I requested for a higher floor during online booking but still got stuck at 4th floor, back-tower. I asked for another room at the main building to avoid passing through the parking lot but was told to &quot;check tomorrow&quot;. I only spent about 2 minutes at the lobby but already heard that statement 5 times from the receptionist telling other guests who were also making other requests. During check-in, an employee ready to go home and a manager (supervisor) talking were laughing so loud I find it very unprofessional. Other reviews were right; this could have been a good hotel if the staff at the front desk has more training. Size of the room is adequate, but I find the bathroom too small. Lights are limited and still dark even when all are switched on. I will recommend for those with very limited budget but personally will not return to this hotel.	
Aug 26 2009 	I would stay here gain no issue's	My wife and I stayed there for 3 nights. The location is great. The rates were awesome. The hotel is clean and the staff friendly. Free parking in a garage. We were very very happy with our stay. This will be the place I go back too, easy access to everything. If you want a &quot;luxury&quot; hotel, this is not for you. if you would like a nice, clean, safe place to stay while your there at a affordable price, this is it !!	
Aug 24 2009 	Great Value!	Stayed the end of July for a long weekend. $125 per night with pool and free parking with in/out privledges. Good location, clean rooms, comfortable, perfect for families.	
Aug 23 2009 	Not that great very noisy	We chose this hotel because of the reviews on trip advisor and were pretty disappointed.The location is good in Manhattan, 5 minutes away from time square and the subway. Room was clean but outdated.The main problem for us was the noise. it was very noisy even though we were not facing the street (we were on the pool side) because of this big A/C unit outside the hotel that was making this huge noise all the time (I had to sleep with hear plugs).Staff was not very friendly (not sure if it is a &quot;new york&quot; thing or simply linked to the hotel)Price was OK but a friend of mine got a better deal in a nicer hotel in the same time period, so not best in class.	
Aug 21 2009 	Great family hotel for New York visit!	Travel Inn is not a fancy hotel but great value for money. The location is great, walking distance to time square and the Hudson river. The staff were not so friendly, sometimes even asleep. You have to pay for the internet. Other than that, the room is big enough, bathroom is not so big but you have everything you need. Fridge and microwave provide possiblities of keeping food in the room and heating it. The swimming pool and fitness room are basic but a luxury in NYC.Definiately recommended, good price.	
Aug 20 2009 	good hotel	Our rooms were clean and a decent size. There was no coffee maker or kettle, but there is a nice deli downstairs.One man at the desk was rude, but the rest of the staff was pleasant.The pool was very nice, but the hours were erratic. We never knew if it was going to be open or not. There didn't seem to be any set hours for it.The location was excellent, within walking distance to evrywhere we wanted to go.	
Aug 19 2009 	Best combination of location and value	We chose TI for its location and free parking. We had a tiny room near the pool - a plus this visit, as the last time we visited was in winter. Easy walk to subways, restaurants, theatre, midtown, as well as easy access to the route home. We always travel with earplugs - and they were a help as our room was next to the elevator and on a busy corridor. But otherwise, the TI provided us with all the essentials - a clean room, clean towels, hot water, and a responsive front desk staff.	
Aug 16 2009 	Great value location - would stay here again	Great 42nd St. Location. Friendly, accommodating staff. It was great to have a fridge and microwave in our room. The third floor outdoor pool was great - our only issue was that the hours were from 10am until 7 pm. For most of the people sightseeing during the day, these hours are not very accommodating. One day we were there at 7pm and the deck/pool area was packed, however, this was closed promptly at 7pm. It would have been nice to be able to return after a day of sightseeing and relax in the pool - even if it was only open until 10pm. As mentioned in other reviews, we felt very safe in the area.Another bonus was that the hotel is located only a couple of blocks from the Lincoln Tunnel, allowing easy access both arriving and leaving Manhattan.It is also a very short walk (less than 5 min.), to the Circle Line Cruises.We did have an issue with our shower pressure and our air conditioning unit - we made a phone call each time and the problems were quickly dealt with - we were quite impressed.As this was our first trip to New York, we weren't sure what to expect, or if this would be a good location. We would definitely return to this location.	
Aug 16 2009 	Not fancy but perfect for a family stay for a few days	The Good- cheap --$160 a night including parking in attached garage- conveniently located blocks from Times Square- deli, liquor store, CVS and other stores near by- Clean- Pool (outside and with not convenient hours (11-7)- fridge and microwave in room- Deli next store deliveredThe Not good (really nothing that bad)- Beds are not that comfortable- Rooms are small, two adults and 2 children will be on top of each other- WiFi -- they charge $6 a day and it sketchy (although I never got charged)If you are looking for decent inexpensive place to stay with a family this is a good choice. If your kids are very small think twice as it is a bit of a walk to get to things 5 and up should be okay.I would recommend for short stays. We were there four days and it was getting claustrophobic.	
Aug 10 2009 	Avoid room 622	I've stayed here before, and came back because of the central location, friendly service, swimming pool, and free parking. The rooms are clean, and quite large for Manhattan. The wifi was sketchy, and I never really got a solid connection. Luckily, I could do most all of my online business via my iphone. My only problem was the noisy cooling tower that sits directly atop room 622. It sounded like a semi truck was running outside my window all night. I immediately noticed the noise, and when I inquired about its source, and if there was another room available, I was basically blown off. They kept telling me to come back the next day. I never got a new room and ended up sleeping with earplugs for 3 nights. I have attached a photo of the offending machine.I will certainly stay there again, as long as I can get a different room.	
Aug 10 2009 	Great Value and Location don't expect fancy	Stayed here the second week of August for a weekend and it was a pretty good hotel. It was your average hotel, and in any other city or setting, it would be much less expensive. rooms were small, beds were average, shower water pressure was awesome. Nothing fancy at all. Nothing trendy, just a room to sleep in at night and thats about all you really want to do there... which, in NYC... is perfect.GREAT location for the value... afew blocks from the theaters and resteraunts and Times Square. A Dunken Dounts and Starbucks next block over, Chase and CVS right across the street... a few bars and pizza places on surrounding blocks. We also had a dog with us and there was a kennel 3 blocks away that was very helpful.There was a pool outside which was cold, but was nice to sit by in the afternoon. And I guess the parking was free? but the garage was a nuthouse.	
Aug 8 2009 	Very good hotel----excellent value	We recently stayed from 8/4-8/7 and had a very positive experience. We booked it online for $160/night which is an excellent value with the free parking. We had a room on the 5th floor with two doubles. We were very pleased to find both a fridge and microwave in the room. The third floor pool was large and a nice bonus in the summer. The deli next door was excellent to bring a quick breakfast back to the room. There is also a liquor store, supermarket and CVS on the same block. A police station is across the street and so is the Port Authority bus terminal. The waterfront including the Intrepid is two blocks away.The front desk staff was very friendly and gave us specific directions to get places on the subway. It is an easy walk to Times Square and the metro is only two blocks away. We bought the New York Pass and that saved so much money. We traveled with our 12 &amp; 10 year old boys who had never been to NYC. We concentrated this trip on all the &quot;touristy&quot; things like Empire State Bldg, Times Square, Rockefeller Center, Madame Toussauds, Natl History Museum, Met Museum of Art, Bronx Zoo, boat ride around Manhattan with view of Statue of Liberty etc. I bought the NY Pass online and saved a couple of hundred dollars on admission prices to all these &quot;touristy&quot; places. We packed alot of sightseeing in 3 days and would highly recommend the NY Pass!	
Aug 3 2009 	Great room price and location!	Great hotel with great value, we will stay there every time we go to NYC. Free indoor parking, clean and spacious rooms, great location only a couple of blocks to Times Square, nice size pool on the third floor and very friendly staff.	
Jul 31 2009 	No frills	This is a very old hotel with no frills. Room was small and had a smell probably due to poor ventilation. Plumbing problem on first day flooded the entire toilet and overflowed into the bedroom. Had to demand to be moved to another room which tells you about service. Price is decent by manhattan standards with free parking. Good location, few blocks from times square, subway and bus terminal.	
Jul 28 2009 	Good Hotel but we still had some problems...	There are many good things about this Hotel but unfortunately our stay had a couple of bad experiences. I'll start with the good:- The hotel is in an excellent location for exploring Manhattan. Very close to Time Square and well within walking distance of many of the major NY landmarks- The hotel itself is very clean and well kept. The room was clean, comfortable and more than large enough for three adults- Swimming pool was great at the end of a long day sightseeingNow the bad:- We flew in from London and had a late arrival into NY. I called the Hotel the night before we checked in to confirm our booking and let them know that we wouldn't be checking in until after 11pm. When we arrived we were told that they didn't have a room for us so they sent us to one of their other hotels for the night (Hotel Riverside). Had we know the quality of this hotel I would not have stayed there. The hotel smelt terrible (I'm still unable to describe the smell), the first room they checked us into hadn't been made up, the second had mouldy food in the fridge. The air-conditioning made a huge amount of noise without cooling the room and all night we could hear what sounded like mice in the walls. If you have a booking with the Travel Inn and they offer you Hotel Riverside, even for just one night, DO NOT ACCEPT IT!!- On the first night we actually stayed in the Travel Inn a group of incredibly noisy guests came back from a night out at 3 45am and decided to sit directly outside our room window, drinking and making a lot of noise (not really the hotels fault, granted, but still irritating).- One of our bags was lost by the airline and was to be delivered to the hotel when it turned up. We kept asking at reception and were told it hadn't arrived only to find it in the security room. Later that night (at 12 30am to be precise) we received a call from reception telling us that the bag had arrived and could now be picked up. Maybe I'm just getting a little old but for me 12 30am is sleep time and I would have thought anyone with a small amount of common sense would have called us at breakfast time, not the middle of the night...Anyway, good to get that off my chest. Like I say in the title, this is a good hotel, but with three bad nights sleep out of a five night stay I can only really give this hotel 2 out of 5 stars. At the end of the day, everyones experience will be different but it is still good to be aware of this.	
Jul 20 2009 	Clean comfortable and close to subway - located close to Lincoln Tunnel	We stayed at this hotel four (4) days. The rooms were clean, the staff was very pleasant to work with and a reasonable rate for June. Parking was free. It was just a short drive after exiting the Lincoln Tunnel onto 11th Avenue and a short walk to a subway station on 42nd Street. The Deli adjacent to the hotel served good food and was reasonably priced. We had breakfast there twice.Since this was our first visit to NYC, I was unsure of where to stay, whether to take the subway or take a tour bus to get around town, where to eat, etc. It helped to have information from a friend and be able to peruse Trip Advisor.After taking the subway the first evening, we decided to use this means of transportation the remainder of our stay. We had a very limited amount of time and this was the fastest mode of transportation for us to use.I recommend this hotel. The hotel is older and the bathroom is smaller than newer, up to date hotels, but really, how much time do you really spend in your hotel when you are in NYC.	
Jul 11 2009	Great Location - Free Parking	I came for an overnight stay with my elderly mother for the 4th of July. Very accomodating staff. Love the free parking and the location was great. We walked to Times Square to purchase theatre tickets, walked to the show, walked to dinner. Nice restaurants all along the way. Rooms are not plush, but nice. I gave the room a rating of 4, because they are a bit dark. It was difficult to read. Other than that, we had no noise and slept comfortably. A note for purchases through Expedia: The booking will not provide two double beds. If the hotel has them available, they will do their best to accomodate. In my case, the hotel was booked for the 4th and a double bed room was not available. The hotel did offer to waive the fee for a rollaway. I would stay again.	
Jul 11 2009 	Wow	Situation is amazing (midtown, very close to Times square)Price is goodParking included (only one in Manhattan)Staff is great !	
Jun 16 2009 	Perfect!	Ample room space, the perfect location just minutes walk from Times Square. The deli next door was perfect for breakfast every morning.Not too noisy considering the police station is across the road, but the train line that ran outside our window created a bit - once your used to it though it was fine. And besides, you have to expect some noise in NYC dont you!? I certainly wouldnt let it put me off staying again.The staff could have been better, but i couldnt complain.	
Jun 15 2009 	GREAT price. Good location. Friendly staff. Clean.	When in NYC, we were only in the hotel long enough to shower and sleep, so this hotel was perfect. The rooms aren't huge and plush, but as I said, it served the purpose we needed it to and at an excellent rate. Everything was clean. The staff was very helpful with directions, suggestions for traveling to certain places, info on the quickest way, the cheapest way, calling a driver for us, getting us extra towels, pretty much anything. We arrived early on the first day, and on the last day, our flight was a while after our check out time, and on both days, they kept our bags for us in security. The deli next door is a great place to eat a tasty but inexpensive breakfast. The location is only a couple blocks from Times Square one way, and close to the Hudson river the other way (which was handy for the Circle Line boat tour). Also, the police station was just across the road. At night, it was quiet and dark, and we all slept well. I would definitely stay here again if I were to go back to NYC.	
Jun 15 2009 	Great Location confortable rooms	My wife and I just came back from 4 nights stay at Travel Inn and really enjoyed our experience in Manhattan. The hotel is centrally located in 42nd Street. For our first NY experience, the location granted easy access to Times Square within walking distance and were able to enjoy Broadway Shows, too. In addition, subway stations nearby facilitated access to downton and uptown areas. Since we checked out on Sunday, the manager granted us late checkout so we can confortably have lunch out before packing our stuff to the airport. The only drawback was Internet service for a fee. But then again, it wouldn't be vacation if I will still be online. Please take note that we booked our stay with Expedia and got 3 nights and 1 free night. Great deal considering how expensive NY hotels can be.	
May 20 2009 	Amazing Deal	Great location! We walked everywhere and were always close to the hotel. Very friendly staff, very clean, and the free parking was a bonus. The price was excellent considering the location.. We can't wait to stay there again!	
May 8 2009 	good place for the price	Four of us stayed here for two nights while attending a lighting show at the Javits. This is the third or forth time we have stayed here. The location is great for the show. You walk three blocks and you're there. We walked to several resturants by Times Square without a problem. I wouldn't want to take my wife there for a romantic weekend, but if we were looking to take in a couple of shows, and price was a factor, I wouldn't hesitate to book a room here. My biggest complaint is most European bathrooms are huge compared to the ones at the Travel Inn. This is a business hotel that I think is worth looking at.	
May 6 2009 	Disappointed!	I was truely disappointed with this hotel - I expected better!+ there was blue tape on the room door ( which should of been removed before I arrived ) - I checked in after 2 pm - but did not get to the room until 11 pm - why wasn't the tape removed. +The TV gave horrible reception.+Saturday morning the cleaning person knocked on the door - very annoying - they should know if someone is in the room or not!+Room needed to be remodeled I should of known better - but on the internet looks can be deceiving.	
Apr 30 2009 	Well priced well located Manhattan hotel	We got an excellent deal on this hotel and booked on the basis of the good reviews as I was unsure of the area. No concerns however, the surrounding area was fine, 3 blocks from Times Square and we felt fine walking back at night. The M42 bus stopped right outside the hotel which was extremely handy as the nearest Sub was 2 blocks away. Plenty of eating choices in the surrounding area away from the main tourist areas too - the Deli next to the hotel was excellent value for breakfast and the staff very friendly. Our room was better than expected - plenty of space, 2 double beds, fridge, microwave and a view of the Empire State Building. Very clean and fresh. The shower is a bit of a puzzle, other than that room perfect. The maids were friendly, as were the handy men in the hotel however the front desk staff could do with some customer service training. Got the impresson our very existence was a nuisance to them. Our key cards took shots each at failing to work and had to get them reset every couple of days which was a pain. This is my only complaint though, aside from their front desk staff the hotel itself was a great choice and we would stay again.	
Apr 23 2009 	Good location value and free parking	It's a very nice and clean hotel and not too far of a walk to Times Square, theaters and restaurants. Our rooms were a little hot and stuffy, so we opened the window but you could hear all the outside noises--especially since we were across from the police station. I would still recommend this hotel if you're staying for a couple of nights.	
Apr 16 2009 	Overall a little disappointing!	I recently stayed at the Travel Inn for five nights and I expected a little better after reading so many positive reviews. Our room had one very small double bed (had asked for two when booking), no fridge/mini bar or any other appliances. The cleaning maid knocked the door each morning at about 8:30 which was a little annoying. Fitness centre was very dated with very limited exercising equipment and doors to the pool were locked. Staff were generally cold and unwelcoming. Best thing about the hotel was the typical NY diner next door. Staff here were far more friendly and the breakfast was good!	
Apr 7 2009 	Another Good Stay	We have stayed at the Travel Inn three times now and each time it has been clean and we have had no problems. The location is good. I short walk to Times Square. The free parking is great also. We have never used the pool, but it always appears to look clean. We did get warm in our room and there was no way to turn on the air, so we just opened the window. The price we got was pretty good for the city, but I priced our upcoming stay in October and the price was almost three times as much. Not worth that much to me.	
Mar 30 2009 	Nice Hotel	As stated in previous posts; good central location, free parking, great deli downstairs, inviting outdoor pool, large rooms, got a great winter rate for less than $100 a nite...only negative would be the cleaning sanitizer spray used in the elevators - hotel needs to switch to a cleaning product that is not so strong...	
Mar 29 2009 	Best Value in Manhattan	Family of 3 traveling with exchange student from Japan. The room was LARGE enough for a roll away bed. Room came with microwave and refrigerator. It is a walk to Time Square about 10-15 minutes. We felt safe--due to Police Station across street. They offer bath amenities. The room was clean. Negatives as others have mentioned the heating system..The room is warm. The gift shop is open limited hours 7- 1 pm, but you can get a 24% discount on their items.Location to a deli/ supermarket/bus depot subway is great.We ate at Westway Diner on 43rd and 44th Street..It was voted Best Diner in Manhattan by NY Daily News...IT is very good!!!! Huge menu and open 24 hours and nice service.	
Mar 22 2009 	spotless well situated better than expected	Four of us stayed here (2 adults with 2 school-age kids) for 3 nights during March Break. We were very satsified with this hotel. The rooms were large, the bathroom was updated and the whole place was spotless. We were in a room overlooking the courtyard so the noise from the street was no problem. We could see the Empire State Bldg. from our doorway!Deli next door was convenient and a Starbucks one block south provided good coffee/tea.	
Feb 18 2009 	Very comfortable stay.	This was a very comfortable hotel, and in a great location. The staff was very nice, and I fell in love with the deli right next to the hotel - so much that I hunted it down again the following week.I would have preferred a room with a window, but the only window was facing the main hallway, into the pool area, and afforded no air circulation.	
Jan 30 2009 	Great place to stay- found a super deal on rates included parking.	Made a 2 day visit to NYC MLK weekend. Stayed here Sunday PM with 2 teenage grandchildren. Very surprised at how pleasant the staff was, how clean the room was. Special soaps and lotions .. not the usual cheap samples. Biggest surprise was free indoor parking. They even let us keep the car in garage till 5PM several hours after our checkout. All for a super deal price of less than $100. Discounts for AAA or AARP. There was an outdoor pool.. but this was in January...Neighborhood was better than anticipated, W 42nd and 10th ave..	
Jan 27 2009 	Travel Inn was all around great!	My friends and I stayed at the Travel Inn on Jan 16th-21st. We were wary b/c some of the reviews were not so great, but we chanced it anyway b/c of 3 reasons:  1) FREE GARAGE LOCKED PARKING! To find free parking in New York is a shock and it was secured inside the warmth and safety of a locked garage. 2) LOCATION--We needed something close to the theater district and the Colbert Report--our 2 main reasons for making the trip. It was conveniently located so that we could walk to both, and was only 3 blocks from Times Square. The added bonus is that it was across the street from the police station.3)PRICE--this was the one that really made us wary b/c it just seemed too cheap--116.00 a night.We were extremely satisfied with our choice. We arrived earlier than check in time, but they let us go ahead and check in. We were by the pool so it was very quiet. We slept quite soundly.We needed extra towels b/c we had showered when we arrived due to our drive, and again in the morning. When I went to ask for them, they were very nice...even let me go w/ them to the laundry to get them.Desk staff was always friendly and helpful. Cleaning ladies were also. The only problems were the water pressure, which is always bad in hotels...the t.v., which only had 2 stations that came in, but we really weren't there long enough to do more than shower and sleep....and the elevator doors; they were quick and you had to hurry, but you got used to that quickly.The ice machine was good too...we were on the same floor. Even the vending machines were normally priced.I just wanted to make sure that they got a good review. They were great for those on a budget who want to make the most of their time in NYC!	
Jan 21 2009 	Enjoyable place to stay	My friend and I stayed in this hotel for 3 nights from January 5-8. I had checked out many reviews and found that this hotel suited all our needs and also got good reviews.We arrived by shuttle bus from La Guardia around 1 pm. Our room was ready as we had asked for an early check in. Our room was on the top floor (6th ) end room. As we were at the back of the hotel overlooking the pool we never heard a sound.The 2 young ladies at the Reception were very helpful and gave us a map pointing out the various places that we wanted to visit.The room had 2 double beds which were very comfortable, a nice black fridge and microwave, a small wardrobe , small washroom. TV with lots if channels and a dresser. They suppied a hair dryer, shampoo and body lotion. There was a small gift shop in the hotel. The gentleman there phoned to confirm our shuttle bus reservation.The deli next door had good sandwiches. There was a Food Emporium supermarket very close to the hotel when you turned left out the front door. We found everbody that we spoke to in Manhatten to be so helpful.The subway was very convenient . We picked up our tickets for the Opera by getting off at the Lincoln Centre. We walked to Broadway the next day to see &quot;Equis&quot;. We walked to St Patrick's Cathedral and some museums. Some were to far so we had to take a taxi but they were very reasonable.We found an excellent high class Chinese restaurant acoss from the Lincoln Centre. Also a fantastic Japanese Seafood Buffet Restaurant at 32 nd Street and 5th Ave. It was a very pleasant walk to the hotel.I would have no hesitation in recomending this hotel to anybody who wants a good clean hotel with pleasant staff.	
Dec 15 2008 	Right where you need to be!	I traveled with my 2 adult children, 2 very young grandchildren and my boyfriend to NY. We were on a budget and had never been to NY so had no idea where to stay. Most hotels are very pricey and we were leery of this hotel because it was such a good price but when we arrived the hotel was so friendly. The staff allowed us to park in the garage early in the morning the day of our check in. (Trust me parking in NY is a nightmare so this was a huge perk at this hotel!) The parking is in a secure garage and easily accesible. The front desk staff was so very nice and the rooms were very clean. This hotel is on 42nd street which we quickly discovered was in the middle of everything! We were able to walk every where we wanted to go and had the ability to come back to the room without having to travel very far. We only stayed one night and the staff allowed us to leave our car in the garage until 5:00 on the day of check out. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who can't afford the Ritz Carlton (save your money for the wonderful food and chinatown!) and wants to be in the middle of everything in NYC. We are planning another trip to NY in the Spring and will be staying at the Travel Inn again! If I had any complaints at all it was that the elevator was slow.	
Dec 8 2008	Travel Inn - NYC	My daughter and I just spent the weekend (12/6 -12/7) in NYC; we stayed at the Travel Inn at 515 West 42nd Street and were very happy with the hotel. The room was very nice and had a microwave and refrigerator. The only thing we didn't like was that you cannot regulate the temperature in the room; we opened the window and it was fine (I bought earplugs and had no trouble sleeping). The area is fine; there are several apartment buildings in the area so there are many local people walking around. The police station is directly across the street and the area is well lighted. There is a deli right next door to the hotel and you don't even have to go outside to get there; you can walk through the parking garage which is only a few steps. On the other side of the hotel is a liquor store. About a block and a half up the street there is a Food Emporium (a large grocery store) and a little further on the other side of the street is the &quot;Theater Row&quot; diner. The food was good and the prices reasonable. The hotel is two blocks from Port Authority so you don't have to take a cab. The hotel has free parking in their garage if you want to drive into the city. The staff were very nice and helpful. There is a great outside pool; of course we didn't get to use it since it was in the thirties. It was a very pleasant expeience and we will probably stay there next year. I would recommend this hotel.	
Dec 7 2008	Terrible service worst and most discourteous hotel reception I ever experienced	Totally agree with no boundary on this terrible hotel. One of the worst hotels I have ever come across during my 20 years of travel. Cold and unfriendly reception staff except for one lady who was on morning duty. The male receptionists or maybe owners??? just stared at you, never even bother to smile or greet their guests, just sat at their seats and gave unfriendly looks! Location OK nothing great for the price you pay. Will definitely NOT recommend to anyone to stay there as the looks of the staff simply spoil your holiday moods.Room OK but definitely have to remove/retrain these reception staff if they are not owners of the hotel as the first impression of hotel is BAD because of their unfriendlines. If they are the owners, then they better not to be in Service industry!	
Nov 29 2008	loving N.Y.	This is a clean, affordable, conveniently located hotel. Parking is off-street as you enter a garage that is under the hotel. The lobby is right there as you enter . The rooms are average with a fridge and tv and again, clean. We realized after unpacking that train tracks ran under our room and we'd hear them. We asked for another room and were given one without any problem. There's an outdoor pool. At first I was worried that we had a rear door directly off the pool but then I felt secure that we had a second exit if needed in an emergency. Not sure if there was an indoor pool. The location is a plus with shopping nearby and a coffee shop next door. Internet access in the lobby. We'd definitely stay here again for a short visit to the city.	
Nov 28 2008 	Quite alright for the family trip	After visiting New York twice, I finally had my mom and two sisters with me.I know they have quite high expectations so I wanted to find a nice, clean, quiet hotel with a great location!I thought the hotel was the best ever. But the tough judges (my sister and my mom) had one complain: The streetnoise! It's hard to avoid it when you stay in central Manhattan.The room was clean and we had a maid giving us clean towels and soaps everyday.The room we had was a two doublebeds. We had a fridge, a microwave and a television. A table and a chair. The bathroom was clean, with a traditional tub/shower combination. Lots of lights and a big mirror.The closet was quite large also and had mirrors on the doors so you could make sure your clothes is alright before leaving the room.There is a nice diner just across the street and another one a block away. A supermarket within 5 minutes walk. And only 13 minutes walk to Times Sq. The bus is right outside the hotel and goes crosstown.I would absolutely recommend it to families. If you are single and travelling I would say thats its a bit pricy ..2100 dollars for one week - 4 persons.	
Nov 22 2008 	good location good value friendly staff free parking	Very pleased by my stay there during 3 nights. Great location very close to Times square and calm. close to the subway and bus stations. Friendly staff and huge room. free parking and all the amenities in the room. I will recommend this hotel to my friends and relatives.I give this hotel a 3 stars.	
Nov 16 2008	Great location fair hotel	We stayed here for 3 nights to run the New York Marathon and arrived on Halloween, which was great - a buzzing city. We went as part of a package with Sports Tours UK.The Travel Inn is not a lodge type hotel and is not connected to the Travel Inn group. It is part of the Empire Hotels group. The hotel is located in Manhatten on 42nd Atreet, between 9th and 10th Ave. A few min walk to Times Square, Broadway, 5th Avenue etc. The location is very good for getting around.Our rooms on the 7th and 8th floors were adequate, with all required amenities but faded and rather small, but I suppose a fair size for a major city centre hotel.Bathroom adequate, but again small and faded. There is no bar or restaurant, but there are numerous places to eat within 2 min walk. The outdoor pool looked nice, but we did not check the temperature. Large supermarket on the same block. Police station opposite, which can give some siren noise, but no more than any other hotel in New York - it's not a quiet city.Our only problem was that the 2 small lifts seemed to be in permanant use and we had to wait ages all of the time.A fairly non discript hotel, but in a good location for a few nights. Cannot comment on the value, as it was part of a package with flights, race entry etc. Sports Tours use it every year.N&amp;B	
Nov 15 2008 	Great Location.	Family of four (two daughters 8 and 5) stayed at the Travel Inn from Nov 11- Nov 14. The location is great. It is a few blocks away from Times Square. We had an inside room facing the pool. The room was quite warm so we opened the window and left it open the entire time (except 5 am - we awoke. There was street noise with it open so we shut it and it was pretty quiet.) The room was small, typical chain hotel size with two double beds. The beds were a bit hard, sheets were clean and soft. The bathroom was clean, but the shower was stained and old. It needed to be refinished. We placed a towel on the floor of the tub and showered standing on it. Having a refrigerator and microwave was a great value. We bought milk and instant oatmeal and ate breakfast in the room. It was a bit tricky without a table and young kids, but worth the effort to save $20-$40 on breakfast. I would stay here again. The location is really great. The price was good ($160/night). I orignally booked the hotel room for $200/night. I went back to website and found that the rate dropped to $175 a night, the hotel changed it for me. I went back to the webisite the night before we arrived and the rate was $160/night. The hotel again changed my rate with no problems.The Veterans Day Parade was the day we arrived and the hotel street was closed. It would have been great if the hotel would have informed us that the parade would be starting at 11 causing streets to close and traffic to be much worse. Parking is free at the hotel. We only had a car for a few hours, so I am not sure how easy it was to get in and out of the garage. There were no bugs, no roaches, no rats! Overall, a good value for very pricey New York. Again, the location was great!! Accessible to Port Authority to get on Subways and walking distance to Times Square.	
Nov 14 2008 	Unfriendly front desk and Moneyface limo	location was ok BUT service is Terrible.The front desk staff do not want to stand up but rather sit at their desk behind the counter to response to your query. unfriendly response and attitude.we asked the front desk if we should take the taxi or limo. they said hotel Limo is best choice US$50 as taxi will be limited. in the morning of leaving, we see many taxi outside and reckon its cost US$35 by taxi to LGA airport.while leaving hotel, we were 10mins late for the limo service, at the airport the driver demanded U$15 more for us being late. we do not want to pick up argurement so paid for it. its ok to pay $15 as I have shared this experience with dozen of friends who are always travelling.	
Oct 27 2008 	Good location and good price.	I booked this hotel many months prior to my visit and because of the excellent price I got I decided to stick with it despite the mixed reviews.Overall I am glad I did.Things did not get off to an auspicious start when the the receptionist couldn't find my booking although he did promise me a room.When I returned he was 'busy' and then (I quote)'forgot about me'.When I could eventually check-in I was very pleased with the size of the room (2 king size beds)and all the facilities.Fridge,microwave,iron etc etc.I was on a balcony overlooking the pool which was much quieter, I imagine, than the outer rooms.Everything was clean but all a bit tired,the bathroom in particular could have done with some refurbishment.The location is good, not far from Times Square and a subway station.There was also a very good Food Emporium (supermarket) about a block away which was very handy.One thing that threw me a bit was the fact that there was no in-room heating facility-the management decide when it's cold.Fortunately their idea of cold and mine seemed to tally.I would recomend this hotel for anyone looking for location and price over luxurious living.It's not the Ritz but you are not paying Ritz prices	
Oct 20 2008 	Not too impressed	We made a reservation for 5 nights at the hotel. But when we arrived, we were informed that there was no rooms available for one of the nights. They told us that we could check with the counter again the following day to see if anyone cancelled their reservation. Meanwhile, they would put us on the waitlist. There was no offer of any kind to assist us to make another reservation at another hotel - simply &quot;wait till tomorrow&quot;.As we did not want to take any chances, we decided to make a reservation at another hotel via an internet cafe. The next day, when we checked out, there was again no offer to check on whether there was any rooms available. But we didn't really care since we already had a booking at another hotel. We ended up being so happy at the other hotel that we decided to extend our stay there instead.On the whole, I would say that the front desk staff were not really friendly or helpful. We spoke to different staff on different shifts, but our experiences were not very pleasant. The room itself is quite small though adequate. However, In the room that we stayed in, one had to squeeze through a tiny shower door to get to the bathtub/ shower. I am a size 10-12, and my friend is a size 12-14, and even we found it to be a bit tricky.That being said, the hotel is in a good location and of a decent price. Still, you could hunt for bargains. For US$20+ more a night, we managed to get ourselves a room at Hampton Inn as there were some promotions then.	
Oct 5 2008 	Excellent value and a pool!	We chose this hotel as we really wanted to be able to swim while in Manhattan to catch US Open tennis. The pool is quite large, clean, and was a great bonus. The rooms were very large for NY. Staff helpful and pleasant. Not a fancy place, but perfectly clean and safe. About 4 long blocks along 42nd St. to Times Square.	
Sep 28 2008 	Awesome Hotel	My husband and I and our 3 children had the pleasure of staying at the Travel Inn this summer. We picked this hotel based on Trip Advisor reccomendations. What a great choice. It is not fancy, there is no bar or restaurant. There is no one to take your bags. It was very clean and it had a parking garage with free parking. You could access your car whenever you wanted. They allowed us to check in early and place our luggage in the room even though the room wasn't ready yet.The room was really clean. The air conditioning worked great. The rrom had a microwave and a refrigerator which was handy with kidsWe asked for pool side rooms which is a plus, no noise and close to the pool for the kids.This hotel is so convenient, right off the Lincoln Tunnel. We parked and never drove our car again until we left for home. Also we asked to leave our car in the garage after we checked out as we were spending the day in NYC. They said no problem and no charge. I was worried that the car would be towed when we got back, but it wasn't.Next door to the hotel is this great NYC style Deli. Great food and very cheap for NYC. There is a police station accross the street.The closest subway is 2 blocks away..that is the only downside. Times Square and Broadway are about 4 blocks away. Long walk for kids, but not adults. We generally took the subway or a cab because of the kids. We always felt safe. We had no problems.If you're going to ride the subway get a pass card. Don't get a per ride card..too much of a hassle. Get one card you can keep swiping. Only problem is with multiple family members, you have to swipe for each member. Makes it difficult when New Yorkers are trying to exit where you are trying to enter and swipe the card 4 times for each family member. After a few rides we got to be experts.	
Sep 18 2008 	Loved this hotel!	Convenient, reasonably priced and the staff were great.	
Aug 12 2008 	The Travel Inn New York - recommended!	My family of 4 (me, husband &amp; daughters, 12 &amp; 15) stayed in a double double room for 3 nights from 25 July at The Travel Inn 515 West 42nd Street, NY and couldn't recommend it enough for a 'smaller' budget hotel. The rooms were spotlessly clean, the reception desk helpful and the location great. I am a very fussy person when it comes to hotels and I couldn't fault this place. If I had to it would only be that the shower wasn't that powerful - but does that really matter?? We even had a fridge &amp; microwave in our room! A 5-minute walk from the Metro &amp; Bus, 8-minute walk to Times Square. Didn't have time to use the swimming pool but it looked nice - for guests access only. The rate was very reasonable - ring them direct and you 'may' be offered something even better. The 2 diners we ate at close-by were great. Recommend the &quot;See New York in 1-day tour&quot; - I booked it through Viator - excellent way to see the city- better because it's not a hop-on, hop-off tour, the guide stays with you all day and tells you all sorts of things you wouldn't otherwise know. You MUST walk the Brooklyn Bridge. Do the Empire State Building at night - we went just after midnight, no queues - spectacular - far better than seeing the views in daylight (which I have also done about 20-years ago). With 2 x teenagers we had to do Abercrombie &amp; Fitch (of course). Go to the one at South St, Seaport - you don't have to queue to get in but do allow plenty of time - it's popular! Shop in Canal Street for your fake bargains - don't be put off by the pushy people - they're OK - enjoy the bartering! I want to go back &amp; do it all again........... ;o)	
Aug 5 2008 	Great Location Reasonably Priced	We recently stayed at the Travel Inn and had a great experience. I was a little nervous after reading some of the reviews, but everything turned out great. Our room was clean, cool (and it was so blasted hot outside that we were relieved to come back to our room), and convenient to Times Square, Broadway, subway, grocery, deli's etc. The staff was helpful and friendly. I would agree with other reviews to ask for a room poolside if possible. We were on 42nd street and it is noisy. Not so much from the police station, but from all the buses that go by. We didn't have trouble sleeping, because we were exhausted by the time we went to bed, but if you're a light sleeper ask for an inside room or bring earplugs. Having the fridge and microwave were great. We ate breakfast several times at a place called PAX on 42nd near Times Square. They made breakfast sandwiches, omlettes, pancakes, had fresh fruit, etc and everything was very good and on the way to the Times Square subway and inexpensive. They also had pizza and panini's that looked really good. Two things that we did that were highlights for our family are the Greenwich Village Food tour and the World Trade Center Workshop tour in Chelsea. The food tour took us around Greenwich Village and into little food shops and restaurants and at the same time gave us a history of the village. We sampled food from enough places to fill up. They also gave us recommendations for places to eat that are off the beaten path, without crowds of people and were fabulous. We went back to the area several time because we enjoyed it so much. We will try some of the other &quot;food&quot; tours next time. The World Trade Center Workshop is a gallery of photographs by Gary Susson, the official photographer for the 9-11 recovery efforts. His photographs, coupled with the narration for each photo or artifact made for a very moving experience. It's a very small place and not a place for young children, but anyone over 10 or 12 would be very interested. Definitely, worthwhile.	
Aug 2 2008	Good value in NYC	Great location and good room. A bit on the small side, perhaps, but it's New York City. What do you expect? Three of us had adequate room to move around, and the pool and parking were great extras. Hotel was clean, and staff was helpful. Parking is a bit tight, but we managed to park a Toyota RAV4 -- and take it in and out a few times -- with no serious problems. You're within a half mile to Times Square and even closer to the subway (Port Authority station). There's also a large supermarket on the corner. Oddly, it's sort of hidden, but you'll see the sign for Food Warehouse(?) or some such thing. Police station is directly across the street from the hotel.Overall, a solid value.	
Jul 25 2008 	Needs TLC	We stayed July 16-20, 2008. The location is great. However, next time I would spend more and stay in an updated, nicer hotel. Our bathroom was dirty and not cleaned each day (toothpaste in sink). Also the hot water is very difficult to control. Do not let a child or elderly person shower without assistance. The TV was almost not worth watching. Few channels and VERY POOR picture quality. The pool is outdated and needs a good cleaning. Front desk staff were unpleasant and not helpful at any time. We requested a taxi at the end of our stay to get to LaGuardia. They said they would have a town car ready for $50. Our taxi from the airport to the hotel was only $24. We told them not to reserve the town car and we would obtain our own taxi. We did not have any problems with the air conditioning as other reviews have.	
Jul 15 2008	Highly recommended	I got a double double rooom for a good price (207 with tax). The room was clean, decent. The staff was helpful. The awesome features are the free parking (one spot per room) and the walkable access to Times Square. It was a decent place and excellent location for the price.	
Jul 1 2008 	Value for the money	We have just spent a week at Travel In on 42:nd Street. Our family is me, my wife and 2 boys 14 and 16.Travel In was well worth the money. After reading earlier reviews here on Tripadvisor we ask to get a room not facing the street. A smart choice since right opposite the hotel lies a police station. Next to the Police station you find a drugstore. A block down towards 11:av. you find the local Starbucks for the morning coffee.The hotel was clean and the room was as expected.We had a double/double with 2 kingsize beds. Not much place for romance ;-) The beds where ok but a litte bit hard.The room had a fridge and a micro so we made our own breakfast before leaving the hotel exploring New York.Half a block up 42:nd between 10 and 9:th av we found a very good assorted grossery store called The Food Emporium where we did most of the shopping for breakfast.Half a block further to Time Square lies a nice pasta restaurant called The Theater grill that also serves breakfast.When you are in New York you must see all the obvious, Brooklyn Bridge, Empire State, Central park... but also take a tripp to B&amp;H Photo on 9:te ave / 33:street. Its a fantastic Photostore. The owners are orthodox jews so the store i closed on saturdays.If you are looking for shopping go to 47:th street &quot;Diamond street&quot; for jewelery.On 48:th / 5 th av you find music shops.On 14:th / 5 th av you find Guitar centerA nice sporting goods store is Paragon on 18:t / BroadwayFor clothes you can go to Macys on 34:th street or start your walk on 10:th street going north up to 18:th street on BroadwayThe further north you get the higher the priceAvoid the stores around Time Square if you are looking for low prices.All and all we had a fantastic week in New York and the kids are already planning their next trip back	
Jun 24 2008 	great place nice accomidations	I was amazed at the rooms, very nice and decorative, very clean, the staff was very professional, and the decor was very tasteful, I enjoyed my stay there, I would recommend this hotel to everyone. It was delightful to stay there and it's only a few blocks from time square. There was also security there also. Sincerely yours Uneta R. Rucker	
Jun 15 2008 	Good location but rooms are worn down	The hotel is located a 5 minute walk from Times Square. There's a pool and a small fitness room. There's no a/c and the windows in our room couldn't open, so it can be very hot!Our room was ok but worn down.	
Jun 10 2008 	Great Location for Convention Attendees	I attended the Book Expo last year in New York. I spent months searching on the Net for a good hotel to stay that was near the Jacob Javits Convention Center. Luckily I chanced upon the Travel Inn website and got in touch with them right away. It was a good choice since it was very near the convention venue. I didn't have any difficulty checking in as the staff were expecting my early arrival. After that long haul flight from Manila, Philppines to LA then to New, York, all I wanted was a soft comfy bed to lay down on. I got my wish! I had a spacious room with a clean bath room on the back part of the hotel so it was really quiet. I felt refreshed the next day as I walked down to the Convention Center which was just a 10-15 minute walk away. At the end of the day, I just dropped in my room to change and refreshen up then it was NY after dark for me!It was lovely to note that right outside my door was a great view of the Empire State Building! Times Square and Broadway were just minutes away. There were good delis nearby in case I got hungry. With an NYPD station right across and a Catholic Church nearby, who wouldn't feel safe, even in NY! I love NY, sounds corny but I really do!PS. The hotel shop keeper was very nice and helpful!	
May 28 2008 	Ladies Weekend Away in New York	6 girls met in New York for a wonderful few days away over the Memorial Day weekend. Friendly staff, clean rooms, and the air conditioning kicked in just in time for the heat that added to our trip. Great restaurant next door - short walk to Time Square, very safe neighbourhood - located across the street from a cop shop. Very informed staff - extremely friendly. I would definitely recommend this to anyone, but not for a romantic get-away. Family oriented, not too noisy, very comfortable beds. Only problem - pillows not fluffy enough.	
May 19 2008 	Rude Front Desk Staff and Thin Walls!	My mother, teenage niece and I stayed at the Travel Inn in the first part of April. I decided to go with the more positive reviews at Trip Advisor instead of the more negative when I booked our room. The price was lower than many other places and it was very clean but the walls are paper thin and the desk people were the most unfriendly I have ever encountered at any hotel/motel I have stayed at. They should try saying, &quot;hello!&quot; or act like they are interested in answering guests' questions. The people that worked in the little gift shop were nice, however.It is a two block walk from Times Square so the location is fine.I must mention a plus for the Travel Inn. I left a tote bag there (duh!, I know!) and they were happy and helpful in returning it to me. Of course I had to pay to have it shipped but they kept me updated with e-mails and it arrived in perfect condition!	
May 18 2008 	Great location and value	I always stay here when going to the convention center. Great location, great price, clean and best of all FREE parking! I've stayed in more expensive hotels in NYC that weren't very nice so this one hits the spot.	
May 7 2008 	Good place to stay	No air conditioning, rooms were hot. Our room faced the street which was quite loud. We would definitely stay here again but would ask for a room away from the street. Good location. Police station across the street. Clean rooms. Great price!	
May 7 2008	HIt the spot	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights in April. The hotel is very reasonably priced in comparison to others in the area. It is only a 10minute walk from Times Square and very convenient to Broadway, nice restaurants and the Port Authority bus station. The room was more than adequate - two queen beds and lots of space. The bathroom was small but everything was really really clean, which means a lot. If you are a light sleeper request a room at the back of the hotel. We were at the front and with the police station across the way, it was a little bit noisy. The staff weren't exactly friendly but check-in and check-out were efficient and we didn't need to talk to them other than that, so we didn't mind. We would highly recommend the hotel and the diner next door is great too.	
Apr 16 2008 	Good value for your money	The hotel has absolutely renewed property, presenting new carpets,paintings,faucets,courtains and etecetera.It is not a great decoration but very honest and clean.It is located three blocks from Times Square, and seems somewhat desert at night, but it is located just in front of the Police station, so very safe.The lower floors that face 43th Street are pretty noisy, so better stay in the back rooms.It is not a plushy place but offers good value for your money.	
Apr 16 2008 	Wouldn't Stay Here Again	Wow, I would not come back. My work made me stay here as they were trying to save a couple bucks since this place was a touch cheaper than the Marriott--BAD IDEA. 1) My room was right next to the elevator, which was RIDICULOUSLY loud. You could hear it clearly every time someone used it--ALL NIGHT LONG 2) Stains on the sheets. They were washed, but they had some nasty stains nonetheless. 3) It was a small room, as I could barely walk by the bed to get to the other side of the room 4) They use way too much pledge. Everything in the room had a heavy coat of it, and the smell was overbearing 5) The staff wasn't friendly 6) No free Wifi, AND, mine wouldn't even work in my room after I paid for it; I had to go to the lobby (where you can't even drink a soda because there is no food and beverages allowed--lame) to do all my after hours work. Go Marriott or somewhere else is my advice!	
Apr 15 2008 	good family hotel	My family and I (husband and 2 boys, ages 14 and 12) spent 3 nights here in early April for spring break. We were very satisfied with the hotel overall. I chose this hotel after a lot(!) of research, based on the location, price, and the benefit of on-site parking included in the room charge. I had already booked the room when I found the hotel listed in my Frommers guide as a recommended family hotel, so that reassured me a bit that I had made a good choice. Check-in was quick and our room was clean, in good repair and large enough for the 4 of us. Having the mini-fridge and microwave was a nice extra feature. There is a full-size grocery store about a block away, so we were able to buy fresh fruit and keep it in the fridge. The location of the hotel is excellent - close to Times Square and subway stations. Also, if you are driving into the city from the west, it is easy (relatively speaking) to get to the hotel from the Lincoln Tunnel. Although we only used public transportation in the city, you can take your car out of and into the garage as much as you like. If you are not used to NYC traffic, I would recommend just about any other method of getting around than driving your own car. The only negative I can give is that it is a bit noisy sometimes due to the police station across the street (sirens), but none of us had any trouble sleeping. I would bring earplugs if you are a very light sleeper. The coffee shop next door to the hotel was OK, but we preferred the Westway Diner, which was a couple blocks away (9th Ave, between 43rd and 44th streets). A hot breakfast for the 4 of us was less than $20.If you are looking for a reasonably priced hotel that is clean, safe, and near Times Square, this is a good bet. If you are looking for a luxurious or romantic place with a great view, go somewhere else.	
Apr 9 2008 	Loud and Rude	I stayed at the Travel Inn for 4 nights the first week of April and had a horrible experience. The first 2 nights were okay except the room was unbearably hot, even with the heat controls turned off. I had to open the window during the day to cool the room down. Also, the shower had to constantly be adjusted to keep from being burned or frozen. I would not let a child shower at this hotel for sure.The noise started on the third aftenoon of my stay when I returned to my room to rest for awhile before going to dinner. I could here a child running back and forth constantly and some times jumping off of something on the floor up above me. After about an hour of this, I called the front desk to see if they could do anything and was rudely told they have no idea who checks in with children and could do nothing about it. The running lasted for 2 hours and then abruptly stopped. Liitle did I know this was only the beginning of what was to come and someone was upstairs preparing for an event the next day and had brought their child along with them to run and play in the hotel.The next afternoon I returned to my room around 4P.M. and as soon as I stepped off the elevator onto the 5th floor, I heard very loud thumping music. When I entered my room the sound was even louder and the walls in my room were actually vibrating form the sound. I traced the sound to the sixth floor large conference room which sits directly above the the west interior rooms facing the pool. (I had been placed here when I requested a quiet room!) It was obvious a large party with amplified music was going on in the conference room and someone was also yelling over a microphone inside the room. I went down to the desk and asked if they were aware a very loud party with music was going on in their conference room and the clerk said yes there was a party and it would be over a 8 P.M.. I explained to him how the music and thumping were so loud from that room that it was actually vibrating my room walls down below it and he just looked at me and rudely said again well it will be over at 8. I then asked him if he could at least ask them to turn it down and he just looked at me and finally slightly nodded his head. After that I went back to my room and and instead of decreasing, the noise actually escalated for the next 3 hours till I felt as if I was attending an indoor concert! I tried to call the extension listed for the hotel manager but there was only a recording saying they were not in. When I left my room at 7:15 P.M., I stopped at the front desk and told the same clerk that the noise had only increased and he once again said it will over at 8, to which I responded that it was ridiculous that the hotel allowed a loud party such as this to disturb it's guest and he said well it is a meeting room! I told him if the party was not over when I got back from dinner that I would call the police station across the street to report them for disturbing the peace and he said well fine he would call them too! Whatever that meant! When I returned at 10:00 P.M. the music was over but you could here them cleaning up and moving furniture around. Also the constantly running child was back in the room with them. The noise subsided finally at 11 P.M.Bottom line, this hotel could care less about their guest, it is only interested in the money they can bring in from whatever source they can get it. Their staff is arrogant and rude when approached about a problem. I would nevel recommend this hotet to anyone.	
Apr 9 2008 	A hidden gem!!!	After hours of endless searching and reading reviews my best friend and I decided that we would take a chance and book here. And we are thrilled that we did! We drove in and the ease of getting to the hotel was great! Two block up from the West Side Highway meant that we didn't have to fight traffic in the heart of the city. We pulled in and were greated by a very nice parking attendant who directed us to check in. They were more than accomodating to us when we said we would like a quiet room. *note: always ask for a room overlooking the pool* it's very quiet and it's a nice view of the Empire State Building. After check in we drove the car to a nice clean secured parking garage (on the hotel property,something you NEVER FIND IN NYC) and went right from the garage to our room. Also I might mention that you are able to enjoy in and out services with your car,meaning you can take your car out for the day and return, this again is something you never find in NYC. Our room was clean quiet and very comfortable. A mini fridge and a micro made it all the better. I will say the room is a bit warm but if you leave the window open a nice breeze blows in. * Note,it's NYC folks. Close and lock your window before you leave for the day. Times Square was a few short (3) blocks away as well a a great Irish pub, right around the corner (Landsdowne). There is a great deli on site as well as a liquor store and grocery store within 2 walking minutes. Also a excellent flea market on 39th and 10th (again,a short 3 blocks away).We stayed for 2 nights and upon check out they let us leave our car so we could walk around a bit more. I can't say enough good things about the place. As for other reviews about the staff being rude,while they aren't very personable,they are quite nice.	
Apr 6 2008	loved it	I loved the place. It is three blocks from time square. The staff was friendly enough. My sister and I stay from Mar 30- apr 1. The room was clean and very affordable. I would definitely stay here again.	
Mar 30 2008 	Robbed in our own hotel room!!	I would not suggest staying at this hotel due to security. Myself and 3 others girls stayed in this hotel for 3 nights and on the 2nd night our hotel was broken into. They stole a laptop and mp3 player. We contacted the night manager right away. He did nothing to make us feel safe. Didn't suggest to change rooms or anything. The night manager advised us not to contact the police until the manager talked to us in the morning. He advised he would have them call us between 7:30 and 8am. The manager never contacted us. We went down to the lobby the next morning and they knew nothing about it. We filed a police report and were informed to contact the manager after we received our case # so that we could file a claim through the hotel insurance. We have tried to contact them 4 times and they haven't returned our phone calls once. They don't have safe's in the rooms. I would suggest that you stay somewhere else for your safety.	
Mar 27 2008 	recommend this hotel +++	Went to New York for Easter stayed 3 nights. Requested special room via email received and answer from them and got the room requested at no extra cost. Very clean room , can ear the neighbor next door but overall quiet. Very good and cheap restaurant for breakfast beside the hotel, staff very pleasant.10 mins walks to Time Square and the Bus Terminal.Will return. Recommend this hotel for anyone who are looking for a budget hotel with fairly cheap price for New York.Found cheaper prices when I booked directly with the Hotel on their Web site.	
Feb 23 2008	good location	just back from NYC.stayed at The Travel Inn, approx 3 blocks from Time Sq, nice deli next door, supermarket 2 mins away, pharmacy across the road.Rooms was clean 2 x double beds microwave fridge t.v.Reception stf no personality, quite rude. mind you found most of the new yorkers misserable.shopping was good, taxi frm jfk airport $45 set fare but then tip on top and taffic bumps up the price.NYPD dept across the road from the hotel so sirens are frequent.our room 531 overlooked a railway bridge so very noisey when trains passing tooting horns.not sure if i would stay here again as i have had better.enjoy and shop till you drop!!!very windy and cold by the way.	
Feb 17 2008 	great location	We were 4 person(2adult + 2 boys) stay at this exelent hotel for 5 days i february. We share a quad(2 dbl. beds) on 6 floor. A big room clean and nice with good big TV, a fridge and a microoven. The bathroom was small but good equipted. The reception was friendly and help us when we ask. The only minus was when we checked out we should pay extra because our small boy have played a game on the TV. There was no places said that this service was not free. The hotel have free wireless internet - for security reasons you must pick a new code in the reception each 24 hour. The location is perfect 800 meter from Time Square and neer the big bus therminal which can take you anywhere.	
Jan 11 2008 	Cant fault this hotel	After reading some of the reviews left on here, we were apprehensive about staying in this hotel but we needn't have worried. We were greeted by a lovely lobby decorated with decorations and a Christmas tree. The staff were absolutely fine, they were not rude like some reviews have said. The hotel was extremely clean too. Our room was lovely, clean and the beds were made every day. The location was great too, it did get a little tedious walking the stretch of road to times square every day but walking is what you should expect to do when you visit New York City. I would highly recommend this hotel, it was great value for money and when I visit New York again, I will be staying here.	
Jan 10 2008	Great location and cheap	We stayed at the travel inn over the new year period. We were a little worried from reading the other reviews on this site however we were very pleasantly surprised.The location is simply great...a ten minute walk and you are at Times Square..three blocks along 42nd street, thats all. On the walk, you'll pass madam tussards, theatres, diners etc...we used the subway too, to get from one end of manhattan to the other (i.e to get to the southern part and go to Liberty island)The hotel is clean, frindly, and ven at new year when i guess thehy would rather be elsewhere - they were helpful.the concierge in the shop was a bit useless - advising ervryone that all places were clsoed on new years day - -when we went and found the natural history museum to be open.don't bother eating at the hotel - across the street, one block towards times square, gp to the Theatre row diner - excellent french toast.other eateries - again, don't bother with the expense at Times Square...try anywhere along 9th and 10th avenues, walking north towards central park.	
Dec 30 2007 	Great Location Rude Staff	I must say that this hotel was in a good location for Times Square. We walked everywhere (and we're still feeling it). It was a good price for the location, but it was nothing spectacular. I was, however, disgusted with the hotel staff. Every day the access code for the internet changed and they made us get the code in the lobby. Three of the four nights we were there, the code did not work and they said they have never had this problem before. It became a bit of a joke with us b/c they all said those exact words: &quot;we have never had this problem before. Bring your computer down and we will see what's wrong with it.&quot; The first few nights we just had to try and try until it finally worked. The second night we were told by the hotel staff the next morning that we were given the wrong code the night before. The third time, we just went to bed and gave up. The night staff was very, very rude at all times. When we would come in through the lobby of the hotel to go to the elevator, we were stared at the whole way through. Not even a hello or smile was given throughout our entire stay there. We were treated this way throughout NYC, but I would expect more courtesy at a hotel. I would possibly stay there again, but not before I searched long and hard for a more courteous hotel.A few words of caution: Don;t allow your children to search under the beds for anything, as they may find a mouse trap as mine did.Try not to take a shower in the evening, as you will find lukewarm water at best.Also, do not take your film to the 1-hour photo at CVS across the street. I spent $66 there and had to throw my pics away when I got home, as my $500 camera shots looked like disposable camera shots. The color was horrible!!! I cried like a baby...	
Dec 14 2007 	Shocking service	We have recently stayed for a night at the Travel Inn Hotel on W 42nd Street &amp; 10th Ave. We felt that it is over priced and has very poor service.	
Dec 6 2007 	Great place - Great Price!	After spending several hours pouring over reviews of hotels in Manhattan, we decided to stay at the Travel Inn, on the corner of 10th &amp; 42nd. The location is excellent, just a ten minute walk will get you right into the heart of Times Square. Although this Travel Inn is not the same company as the Travel Inn in the UK it is to the same standard (if not better). The rooms are well maintained and the staff are friendly and helpful. You might want to take a set of earplugs with you. Our Room overlooked the police station and every now and again you get woken up to the sound of the NYPD. I would definately stay here again and have recommended it to friends.	
Nov 13 2007 	Great Location	We have just returned from our 5 night break. Upon arrival check in was a breeze and the staff were friendly. The room was a fair size with 2 double beds that were very comfy, fridge and microwave also good additions (a kettle would have been nice also) this hotel is not the ritz but if you want cheap and clean I would recommend. The location is great just a couple of blocks from Broadway and Times Square. If you are planning a trip to Liberty Island I would try to go on the earliest ferry as the later ferries have horrendous queues.	
Nov 9 2007 	Excellent value - great staff!	4 of us stayed here for our first trip to New York - my mum, me, my sister and a friend. We booked 2 double-doubles and were pleasantly surprised, having heard how small hotel rooms in NY can be. Our rooms were a good size, with really comfortable beds, TV, microwave, fridge, iron and ironing board... in fact, everything except a kettle! Luckily, I'd brought a travel kettle as we Brits love our morning cuppa. The view from the rooms (of the railway tracks) was a bit disappointing, but we weren't planning on looking out of the window much!The staff at the hotel were fantastic - nothing was too much trouble for them and any small needs were attended to immediately. Also the luggage store on our last day was a real boon - it meant we were able to enjoy our holiday right up to the last minute (and we did - arriving to pick up our bags 2 minutes before the shuttle bus collected us!).As others have said, the deli next door was great for breakfast - but I must recommend the Westway deli on 9th avenue - near 43rd st. Even better value than the one next door, and they do hot oatmeal which is brill when it's cold! Also unlimited coffee. A really substantial breakfast for 4 came to $27 including taxes. Fantastic.We ended up getting Citysights bus tour as they accosted us on the first day. Can't recommend them over Grayline as the frequency is much less. The guides were hilarious, though! Proper NY sarcasm.	
Nov 3 2007 	great choice for great price	For first time visitors to new York, 2 adults (mum,sister )and a13 year daughter we were concerned about location, safety and cost. Travel Inn was ideal on all counts. Room had a great view of Empire State Building, great deli next door for breakfast and lady in the little gift shop a mine of useful information. She also arranged our transfer back to JFK . Hotel roomsaren't luxurious but were very clean and believe me after shopping and sightseeing 13 hours a day a firm matress was just what was needed. Only complaint the shower temperature control was very erratic. Young children should use bath.Out the hotel door turn left walk 2 blocks Time Square. Grey Line sightseeing tours stops for Down town and Uptown in Times Square(tour guides excellent!) . Subway station block before Time Square direct line to South Ferry for Statue of Liberty- get in the first five coaches though! Turn right from hotel door two/three blocks to a new waterfront development also terminal for river cruises. We loved New York and we thought the Travel Inn represented great valuefor money in a great location where we felt perfectly safe walking to and fro even late in the evening. PS If the Blue Man Group are still on in Astor Place Theatre definitely worth a visit- great show!	
Oct 25 2007 	Don't tell everyone you'll never get back!	This was the second time we had stayed at this hotel. The first time was good, this time was even better! The room (4th floor)was spacious and overlooking 42nd St, though you wouldn't know as there was minimal street noise. Ideally located for Times Sq and virtually everything else in Manhatten (but don't walk from back from Battery Park like we did!). Hells Kitchen is just around the corner with a fantastic selection of eateries. There is a good Irish pub round the corner on 10th.Of course, the biggest bonus is the fact that you get complimentary, on-site parking.OK, it's not the Ritz, but it is clean and tidy with pleasant, helpful staff. I would much rather spend my cash on enjoying myself than contemplating the wall paper! This is New York!	
Oct 18 2007	Broadway on Broadway	My wife and I were in NYC (my first time) for the second half of a nine day vacation. The first four and a half days we spent inWashington D.C. In NYC we stayed at the Travel Inn Hotel, 42nd and 10th ave. I can recommend the Travel Inn for being way above average in every catagory, from location, to front desk, tobeing extremely clean, and large room. ( After hearring how small hotel rooms were in NYC) our room was the same size asany hotel or motel room we have stayed at anywhere. We walkedalmost everywhere, except for sight seeing bus (Greyline) andone cab from train station (We took the train from D.C. to NYC)to Travel Inn and van from hotel to Laguardia airport. My wife and I(I am 63 she is 54) walked from Empire State Building to CentralPark and then back to Travel Inn.Anyway while we were in NYCthey had Broadway on Broadway ( Times Square ) every Broadway show had one number song dance whatever. Then at the very end confetti fell from the roof tops just like New Years Eve.WOW	
Sep 22 2007 	Not A Budget Hotel... Much Better	I booked the Travel Inn direct by telephone as I needed 2 rooms for 5 people for a 6 night stay. I had searched the web for a budget hotel and the Travel Inn fell into that catagory. I would not class this place as a budget hotel. We had a fab stay there. From my first contact by telephone to the reservation staff, various e-mails as I had to change the dates and room requests, to arriving and having a great welcome by the desk staff. Our double double rooms overlooked the pool and were clean and fresh. The rooms inc a TV, fridge and a microwave, an ironing board and an iron and a hairdryer. The maid had her hand full with 3 lads in one of the rooms but the room was cleaned every day no matter what time they emerged. The pool was a great place to relax after a day out and before a change for a night on the town. The manager arranged a Limo to take us all the the airport ... at a good price.The hotel is located on West 42nd Street and has plenty of delis and bars around. The &quot;Theater Diner&quot; across the way will deliver to your room and the Deli next door to the hotel is ideal to nip down and grab a coffee. A great location with easy walking to Times Sq and all sights.This was the 1st trip to New York for the lads as they were waiting until they were all 21 .... and they loved it and was made a Fab holiday by the stay at the Travel Inn. I will rec. to friends and family and def stay they again on my next trip.ps .. my last stay in New York was at the Crown Plazza on Times Sq.	
Sep 7 2007	Nice hotel inconvenient location	My mom and I just spent one night at the travel inn to go to Rachael Ray and Hairspray. The hotel was great for the price we found on expedia. We had stayed there years ago and new it was a safe choice. The first room we got was literally over the train tracks. The fridge and micro were missing (which I wouldn't know unless I had read reviews prior). I immediately asked for another room. Good thing as the train came and blew the horn twice before going under our room!!Our second room wasn't clean yet, but WE asked the housekeeper to clean it. She did, so we knew it was clean (saw the old sheet taken out, etc). We tipped her for being so quick.The room was pretty and clean. The TV was extremely small, but we didn't need it. It was right next to the elevator and pool, but we stuffed our ears to steep! The beds and pillows were fine (little hard, but not too hard). There were no extra pillows, and the towels were SUPER small. Water pressure was fine. We mostly walked, which is why I would say the location isn't stellar, Yes it is on 42nd street, but very close to the hudson. You can take the M42 cross town bus though right by the hotel. We couldn't because we didn't have $2 in coins each. That was a real pain!!! There was a taxi strike too, so we mostly walked. I love walking in NY, but my mom just had knee replacement surgery.I would recommend this hotel if you want the free parking (which is why we chose it). otherwise, try to stay a little closer to broadway or so if that's where you are headed.	
Sep 3 2007 	Wonderful Stay!	Our party of 4 stayed at the Travel Inn 8/31-9/2 2007. I have been reading all of the reviews here religiously trying to decide what to expect of this hotel. Based on the mixed reviews, it seemed like a 50/50 chance that I would have either a positive or negative experience. We arrived at 9am Friday morning. Our check-in wasn't until 2pm, so I was hoping to just be able to park our car at the hotel until we could check-in later. When I walked into the lobby, the desk staff was friendly &amp; there was another staff washing the windows. Not only could we park at 9am, but they said our room was vacant &amp; they let us go right up!!! That was a huge plus for me - an 8hr drive &amp; to have a bed right away was fantastic. Our check-in literally took 30 seconds - completely hassle-free. Parking was a bit tight for our Crown Victoria, but my husband pulled it off without much effort whatsoever. We were on the 7th floor, room 733 just outside the elevator. Pretty standard room as far as size &amp; furnishings go. The bathroom was Tight. We made it work, but compared to the room space, the bathroom was disproportionately small. Our room overlooked train tracks &amp; a smaller side street without as much traffic. I actually requested a street view - I should have specified the street I wanted to view was 42nd! Nonetheless, the view was lovely &amp; perhaps the most amazing &amp; unexpected bonus was the breeze that came through. While in our room, aside from when sleeping, we left our hotel door open the entire time &amp; the cross breeze was incredible. The occassional trains &amp; little street traffic were welcome sounds that did not disturb - we enjoy the sounds of the city. The beds were like concrete - very hard, but that mattered none. Each night when we came in after a very long day of sightseeing, etc. we all slept like rocks (no pun intended). I typically wake in my own bed at least 1x per night. I never stirred in these beds. Housekeeping was fine &amp; everything was clean. To be honest, I don't pay attention to many details while in NY. I love the city &amp; that's why I'm there, so I'd be just as happy staying at a hostile or on a bench in the park. But, mom, brother, &amp; husband preferred a hotel. We did eat at the Theater Row Diner. Very close by, quite lovely on the inside, a strong contrast to it's outside appearance. We also ate at the Broadway Diner next door - also very good. The hotel's location is good, pretty central to everything you'd want. A short walk &amp; you're at Times Square - definitely on the way I recommend Pax Whole Foods (a chain deli w/ delicious sandwiches that you can also get uptown at 2 other locations) &amp; Madame Tussaud.'s wax museum - very entertaining. If you plan on making repeated trips to the city, I recommend avoiding the tourist traps around the bus terminals &amp; Times Square. Head to the upper west side where you will find The Buttercup Bake Shop on W.72nd just before Amsterdam. Or, head to the village to eat at The Magnolia Bakery. Both of these bakeries make the same basic cupcake (the 2 ladies used to be friends &amp; when their cupcakes created instant mania &amp; booming business, they fought &amp; split up, thus there are now 2 different stores) which is the most delicious baked good you will ever put inside your mouth - get them - $1.98 each - terribly underpriced!!! Just know that you can only get a maximum of 12 per person/party at the Magnolia Bakery - so if you plan on getting lots - go to the one on 72nd. Upon checkout, which also took about 30 seconds, we were allowed to leave our car in the garage until 5pm at the latest. Overall it was a fantastic stay, no real complaints about the hotel other than the bathroom being tight. Although, I was impressed that toiletries were vegetable based, rather than animal based, something that is important to my husband &amp; I. The early check-in, fantastic breeze, location, &amp; late parking were what pleased us all the most about the Traveler Inn	
Sep 2 2007 	Great place for those with a car	This hotel situated in mid-town, just a 5-10 minute walk from Times Square, is great if you want to be close enough to downtown without having to spend a fortune. The rooms were clean, and comfortable. Our room opened up to the corridor with a view to the swimming pool courtyard. It also had a fridge for those foods which we purchased from outside. It wasn't a mini-bar but the ice &amp; vending machine were situated on the 3rd Floor, where our room was. The staff was very friendly and helpful. There was one computer in the lobby with paid access to the internet. Room service was available and the hamburger and soup we ordered were very good. This hotel is by no means luxurious, but it's nice if one doesn't wish to spend $400/night in a downtown hotel, but values the commodity of the proximity to downtown without the cost and requires a safe spot to park their car, as valet parking on this property is FREE!	
Aug 27 2007 	Loved our stay	We stayed in this hotel from 23 till 26 of August! It was our second stay in NYC, we stayed in NYC once in 2005 in a Hotel in the same price catagory. So upon our arrival we expected the hotel to be similar, but we could not be more wrong! Although we payed approx. the same price it was nothing comparred to our previous, I would even say this was a luxurious hotel, considered being in NY and paying a cheap price! the staff was friendly and the rooms were very spacious and clean! Also a big advantage was the noise, so close to all the action and barely no noise! In our first hotel we had no sleep for the 3 days we stayed there! I would recommend Travel Inn hotel to all the first timers going to the city that never sleeps!!	
Aug 21 2007	Couldn't ask for anything more.	This hotel met all of our expectations and more ( for the price).Yes, we have stayed in fancier hotels but we also paid much more. Our room was clean, the staff was excellent.The lady working in the boutique was very pleasant and helpful.As like most guest, we felt very safe walking back to the hotel in the evening. The deli next door was great as well as the grocery store one block away.We also had a vehicle and parked it in the garage for the week.I really don't know what people expect. If you want a 5 star hotel then you should stay at a five star hotel.Keep in mind, this is a budget hotel.To sum up our perspective of the hotel: Clean room, large room, fridge, microwave, pleasant staff ( lobby, chamber maids, boutique, maintenance staff), pool,deli next door, close to Times Square, supermarket one block away, secured parking(no extra charge), police station across the street. Yes, the walls are thin and having a room facing 42 street there is traffic noise, but hey this is New York after all!I know where we are staying the next visit back to New York.	
Aug 20 2007 	Great ! A better deal than I expect!	Our family of 4 stayed at this hotel. There is a fridge and microwave in the room -- surprised to see NO coffee pot. Little restaurant next door with great food, great service. Police station across the street. Rooms clean, people friendly. Got an amazingly great deal! Enjoyed our stay very much. Wish we had made time to go to pool-- it looked fun. Was 2 long blocks from subway, but very close to other food places and a grocery. Probably a better deal than I'll ever find again. I'd definitely stay here again.	
Aug 20 2007 	Great hotel for the price!	8 of us stayed here in June '07 and no one had any complaints! It was a great hotel, staff was fantastic and free parking, how can you go wrong?! The beds were clean, a little small and not so comfortable but who stays in their hotel room for too long in NYC?! The cleaning staff were very friendly and accomodating. It's about 10 min walk to Times Square and there are great little restuaurants down some of the strees to explore. I would encourage anyone who wants a deal and doesn't mind being a little out of Times Square to stay here!	
Aug 13 2007 	Avoid like the plague	This was a last minute booking (my son broke his wrist just before our vacation so we had to cancel our horseriding holiday upstate and opt for a city break) and we had very little choice of availability. We had requested (and been promised) two rooms near each other (one for me and husband, other for the kids) yet were offered rooms on separate floors and the rude check in manager refused to even look into sorting things out. Absolutely no attempt at any form of customer service. The rooms overlooked a railway line - not many trains running per night thank goodness but noisy when they did. The rooms actually weren't too bad - new carpets and new large fridges. Tiny bathrooms, however, with showers which went from freezing to scalding in a second. BUT, and it's a massive but, the bedding was dirty. Pillowcases had hairs on them. No apology from housekeeping when I asked for fresh ones. The bathroom sinks also had major cracks in them harbouring dirt - first thing I did was buy antiseptic wipes from the drugstore across the road and scrub those bathrooms. Not best start to a holiday. I can cope with bad views/service but not bad hygiene.The hotel itself is frankly grim and depressing. Didn't see one smiling face the whole 3 days. An elderly couple stormed out after seeing how dirty their room was. Yes it has a pool, yes it's handy for Times Square (is that an asset?!) but the wire fencing round the balcony walkways prompted my daughter to christen it Prison Cell Block H. Especially if this is your first visit to NYC, don't stay here. It will put a black cloud over your whole trip.(One point - don't buy Circle Line tickets from the shop or other outlet. You'll only get vouchers and then have to get in line at the Ferry to swap them for a proper ticket.)	
Aug 9 2007	Never again!	My work arranged a short trip through our social club to travel to New York from 19t April - 23rd April. I was sharing with a male colleague who is a good friend although not my partner. On booking the trip we requested a twin room. On arrival at the hotel we checked in and was given our room key. This is where the nightmare begins! once at the room we noticed we had one double bed. I went down to reception on my way out to dinner to asked for my room to be moved. I was asked if i could &quot;do them a favour&quot; and stay where i was as they were very busy! i did explain i didn't want to sleep with my friend as he was male and not my partner but they didnt seem to work under the rule of &quot;the customer is always right!&quot;. I went out to dinner and on my return i called from my room and insisted i was moved. The receptionist advised me to go and collect another key. When i got to reception i was advised how difficult my behaviour was and that i was making the their lives difficult as i had requested the incorrect room at the time of booking!!!!!!!!!! By this stage i was very tired and became quite upset. I was given another room and thought finally my awful day was over, but on arrival to the new room it seemed one of beds hadn't even had the sheets changed since the last guests used it. The sheets were crumpled and had pubic hair on them (very inviting.....not!) by this time i had just had enough so ended up sharing with my male colleague because the stress of dealing with the reception staff was just too much. My trip in general was fab and i loved New York as much as i always thought i would but the staff at the hotel put a dark cloud over my stay in such an amazing city.	
Aug 7 2007 	It's a good deal	We stayed five nights at the Travel Inn and found it to be a good value. To be sure, it's not luxurious, but our room was fine for three people (two adults and a teenager.) We stayed in a room facing 42nd St, so there was some street noise. You might want to ask for one of the rooms that overlook the pool -- they seemed more peaceful. The location is pretty good -- three long blocks to Times Square and near the incredible collection of restaurants that line 9th Avenue from 42nd Street north for many blocks. Also, there's a nice little deli right next door and a grocery store a block or so away.Parking is free -- such a deal -- in the attached garage, but it's tight. We struggled to jam the car into a space. Of course, we never had to move it again, so that really wasn't a big problem. I'd stay at the Travel Inn again.	
Aug 3 2007 	Wow-Loved it-Why the neg. posts-What do you expect its NEW YORK	We, a family of 4 (2 adults, 2 kids 19yoa and 12yoa) loved this hotel. As I read the reviews I cant figure out what people expect from a budget hotel in New York City. This was wife and mine third time to New York City and kids first. We needed a place that would fit four in two beds, most budget hotels only sleep two and the cost is way high (200/400$ nightly) This is a excellent budget hotel (we paid $150.00), the room was always clean and the maids went the extra mile by replenishing the soap, shampoo and conditioner daily they always spoke to us in the halls. The hotel lobby was always being cleaned, there was always a doorman or security in the lobby no matter what time we came in even if it was the parking garage security. Our 12 yo daughter was always going to get ice and see whos at the pool she even went to the deli, we always felt safe. The pool was clean and an extra-added bonus in New York cause most hotels dont have them. The location could not be beat, on 42nd st a three block walk right (west) out the front door and youre at the river, where they have a nice marina, where several go fast and tour boats operate from, nice restaurants and outdoor concerts. Turn left out the front door (east) and its a three-block walk to the bus station/subway. The next block over on 9th ave, a full grocery store. Next door to the hotel is a nice little WINE only store on the other side attached but not owned by the hotel is a Deli/Coffee shop opened for breakfast and lunch, no dinner. The up side is that its a safe area the police station is right across the street and its only 4 blocks from Time Square. We took a train in from white plains to Grand Central ten walked the 9 looong blocks to the hotel, I would not suggest this unless your in good shape. Now down side- the front rooms that face 42nd are noisy, the walls are extremely thin all conversations can be heard, there are vents in the bathrooms that lead the bathroom in the room next door, I am not joking I could talk to the people in there just like they were standing next to me. Also there are only three temp settings on the air in the front rooms, high, low and off. We kept ours on high all the time for the white noise because of loud, obnoxious neighbors.  A LITTLE SIDE NOTE  travel off the tourist path, we took the subway every where or walked, I suggest that after you see time square once avoid it the rest of your trip. Go to Coney Island and Queens. My son and I walked the whole width of the city to the UN, while the ladies went to the pool. One block from the hotel we spotted a man talking on his cell phone, the voice sounded familiar then we noticed who it was, I tried to sneak a picture when he noticed us. He motioned us over, my first thought was that he was going to be angry and demand the film, but instead he stuck up a conversation with us and ASKED US could he take a picture with us. (Yes thats Martin Sheen) So be observant, we also saw Robin Williams, Kelly Preston and her daughter making a movie in Central Park. Oh back to the hotel, every hotel has problems; dont let the negative comments from some posters keep you from trying this hotel. It fit us perfect. The staff went out of their way to make us feel welcome.	
Jul 31 2007	Lots of positives...	We took a chance and chose the Travel Inn based mainly on 2 things: price and free parking. We lucked out as the whole experience was a good one. We were leary of driving in NYC, but getting in and out of this hotel couldn't have been much easier. From the Lincoln Tunnel, it's 2 left turns, 2 blocks and you're there. The parking lot attendant was very helpful in getting our van in to what can only be described as a very tight parking garage. But hey, free parking is free parking, and we weren't planning to do any driving while in town. Check-in was a breeze, the staff was &quot;New York&quot; courteous. Our room was high enough to not hear the traffic below, and the view was of the train tracks snaking under the building (my 3-year old son loves trains and ran to the window every time one passed). You could definitely hear the trains when they passed, but it was no where near what I would call too loud. The hotel's location was fine for us. We had 2 kids and the 10-minute walk to the Times Square area was fine. The Subway is right there, but I should mention that the closest station to The Travel Inn does not sell MetroCards. You will need to walk a little bit closer to Times Square. 2 extra minutes, no big deal. We felt safe walking the streets, even late in to the night. The streets were always fairly active. Our room was clean and well maintained. My wife was concerned when we first entered our room, as there was an open Coke bottle and a used soap in the otherwise clean bathroom. We checked in a bit early and I imagine we got a room that was quickly prepared by the cleaning staff. We never had a problem with the cleanliness of the room for the rest of our 3-night stay. The pool is half indoors and half outdoors. The water was a bit chilly, but the kids didn't mind too much. The pool was clean and towels were provided. The fitness room was tight. The room is rather small, and there's quite few pieces of equipment. However, the equipment worked fine, and the TV was appreciated. We loved the small diner right next to the lobby of the hotel. The food and service was excellent, and we ate there more than once. My only complaint is minor: the WiFi was $6.95 per day and you had to walk back to the lobby and get a new code every day. Codes were not distributed over the phone. These days, charging extra for WiFi is a bit greedy. We stayed at several hotels on this vacation, and most offered free WiFi. They don't charge for TV, why internet? I imagine a couple years down the road everyone will offer it for free. Bottom line: we would most definitely book The Travel Inn again.	
Jul 10 2007 	Great	We had a girls week in NYC. This hotel was picked for us by the price. We talked with many travellers and found out our stay at the Travel Inn was worth the price. It is in a perfect location, walking distance to Time Sqare and Subway. The room was clean and larger than we thought it would be. The staff were great, the 24hour security was awsome and we lucked into a great view. We paid 200.00usd a night to stay and it was perfect. You only sleep in your hotel at NYC for a few hours a night. Save money, stay here and buy more shoes. Overall, we would reccomend the Travel Inn to other people, it was a great hotel and a great price.	
Jul 2 2007 	Would stay here again - price and location	The location of this motor inn is near the theatre district and restaurant row, as well as the ferry lines and quite close to Times Square. We are used to staying in better hotels but wanted a reasonable stay with parking for just a couple of nights mid-week. The Travel Inn was $225 including parking while the better hotels were easily over $400-500 a night. The room was clean and simply decorated. The area seemed safe, next to police station and grocery store.Downsides on the location - cars exiting the police station across the street sometimes had sirens going (not constant but the intermittent start up kind) and perhaps the ugliest view of an old building and construction site you could imagine. The bed was short (6' husband and son had to sleep a little side-ways)and so hard it was like sleeping on stone covered with a mattress cover and sheet. Overall, we'd go back for short vacations where we want to economize on the hotel to splurge on shoppiong, shows and food.	
Jun 11 2007 	great stay at travel inn	we were in new york the first week of june. we stayed here at the travel inn . I picked the hotel because it had parking the garage was great and it had a security guard. the rooms were great it was very clean. the beds were very comfortable. and it is only 3 blocks from times square. we were out till midnight and I felt very safe walking back to the hotel. I would definately recommend this hotel. for the price with parking it can't be beat.	
Jun 9 2007 	Can't beat it for the price	There was something about June 6th that made it impossible to find a room in NYC for under $500. Or how about $700? Or maybe $1,000?? I consider myself fairly adept at finding good room prices, even in NY, but this one pushed me to the limit! I finally decided to book with the Travel Inn, even though it seemed iffy. At $250 plus taxes, it was the best deal out there. The fact that other Trip Advisor members said it was clean helped me decide to give it a try.While it's not your typical mid-town, large lobby NY hotel, it is perfectly serviceable. The Travel Inn is part of a chain of budget-minded hotels in NY called the Empire Group. You can go more or less expensive with them. The room was large and clean, the shower had plenty of hot water and good pressure, and the bath products were actually qutie nice, called Essential Elements, from a company in Australia. We were lucky and got an inside room (off the street, pool view) - my husband said he'd never had a quieter hotel in NY. Free parking (yes, FREE) and a good front desk manager - what more could you ask for?	
Jun 8 2007 	I agree with the poster below	Following on from the review below, we stayed there for 4 nights in February 07. I agree with a number of the posters comments. What struck me to write though was the taxi back to JFK. The same thing happened to us. Except we got stung for $70. I really dont know what is going on between the reception staff and the cab company. But it left a bitter taste to a fantastic holiday. We are returning in Feb 08, but not to the Travel Inn.	
Jun 6 2007 	Mixed feelings	My two teenage daughters and I stayed here for 4 nights in May 2007 and I was a bit disappointed. Firstly the good things. The location is good. It is about 2/3 mile west of Times Square (just past 10th Avenue) and half that distance east of the Hudson River. Once we took the 42 bus, which stops just outside the door, to 5th Avenue but usually we had breakfast at the Theatre Row Diner (about 2 mins walk east) and then walked to and from Times Square. Even at about 11pm we felt safe as there are lots of people around  and there is a police station opposite. Sometimes we took a cab, which cost about $8, including tip. The shower &amp; bath had plenty of hot water and the maid did a good job keeping most of the room clean. There were massive cobwebs on the ceiling for our whole stay! There was also a large fridge and microwave. I would have preferred a room safe. We had to use a deposit box in reception that was so narrow I could just get my spare wallet in  although it was very long. It was inconvenient to keep disturbing the staff to access it. It seems that New York hotels are expensive, so the price we paid was probably good.Our first problem was with some of the staff. The elderly Asian men were uncommunicative at best and rude and aggressive at worst. Our bedside light didnt work and we asked for it to be repaired when we left at 8 am. When it still didnt work at 10.30 pm (and we were really tired) I asked again and the receptionists was really aggressive. It only needed a new bulb  I could have done that myself. Also when we booked out we said we were taking a yellow cab to JFK at a flat rate of $45. He told us that the return trip was metered and at 4pm rushhour this would be very expensive. He persuaded us to use one of his cabs at a fixed rate of $60, which we did. The cab driver then demanded $65 when we got in (that was his tip gone!). While it is true that a metered fare would have been costly (it took over 80 minutes to do 15 miles) I have now found out that there is a fixed $45 fare to JFK from Manhattan. I do not like being lied to!My second problem was the room itself. See the photos. I had emailed ahead asking for 3 single beds and a quiet room away from the road and lifts. All I got was a curt acknowledgment of my booking number and arrival date. We got two double beds (which annoyed my daughters a bit!) in a 3rd floor room away from 42nd street. The problem was that the swimming pool is on this floor  directly outside our window. There were chairs immediately next to our window. There were no net curtains so we had to close the curtains every time we wanted to get changed. Also there are no heating controls in the room. There was a large old air-conditioning unit, with the cover partly pulled off. This pumped out lots of cold air 24 hours a day. Since the minimum temperature was 62 degrees and the maximum in the 90s this wasnt too much of a problem, although we had to wear extra clothes in bed and it sounded like a gale at night. We couldnt leave the windows open because of the pool outside. Also, the door was stuck up with builders Duck tape! The receptionist said that all we could do is turn the fan down. On the last night we found a panel opened (presumably by the maid) with a fan control in it, but no temperature control.We only slept and washed in the room so this wasnt too much of a problem but if the staff had been more helpful we would have asked for a room at the back on the 4-7 floors. I would be worried what the temperatures were like during the winter, although no-one seems to have complained. This hotel is part of the Empire Hotel Group, which owns Lucerne, Belvedere, Newton, Carnegie, Riverside and Americana Inn. Summary  good location and price. Clean sheets. Staff need Customer Service training. Ask for a room at the back on 5-7 floors if you are spending any time in your room.	
May 27 2007 	Nice	We sayed here for 4 nights in May 2007. The hotel is located 5 minutes walk to the bus station where the buses to Newark Airport leave and arrive at, 5 minutes walk to the subway, 5 minute walk to the pier to catch a ferry and a 10 minute walk to Times Square The font desk staff were fine and helpfull. The room was large, clean and out dated. The beds seemed small maybe only doubles. The pool had no water in it but it was far too cold to swim. We paid about US $300 a night so I don't think it was that cheap, but I am sure I could have got it cheaper on the net instead of my travel agent. The location was great and I would stay here again if the price was right.	
May 5 2007 	Great Hotel. Great Price	I stayed at this hotel with friends for 5 nights in December 2006. The room was spacious and clean. We were fortunate to have a room overlooking the pool, these rooms are quiet and removed from the sounds of 42nd street. The hotel is in a wonderful location less then 10 minutes walk away from Times Square, and 5 minutes from the nearest subway station (take a subway map as routes are poorly marked).We had breakfast at the Diner next door to the hotel, and as I was on holiday I was able to order the banana pancakes without the usual guilt. We also enjoyed some meals at the Theatre Row Diner conveniently located close to the hotel (across the road and left). For a drink head to the Lansdowne Road (from the hotel - left down 10th Avenue between 43rd and 44th Streets), a friendly pub, with fabulous staff, only minutes from the hotel.Enjoy your trip to New York. Though I think it will be difficult not to.	
May 2 2007	Good location...Overpriced like all NYC hotels	I think that the location is great...about 3 LONG blocks to Times Square...no business center if you need to use internet for more than 5 minutes. there's a bus that stops right in front on 42nd and on 10th....that was great.Rooms were decent...2 beds, fridge, table, tv, small, but decent bathroom, but what ruined it was the last night when I saw a huge roach go from behind the fridge to tv area! That clinched it....So, provided that they do some major extermination this year, i recommend staying here.	
May 2 2007 	Fantastic for the Price	Our family of four drove up to NYC from Florida in Summer of 2005. We chose this hotel due to reviews like the one I am writing now. NYC can be a very expensive trip but Travel Inn made it far more affordable than we could have expected. The FREE PARKING is definately a major plus for this hotel. We pulled into Manhatten at 10 pm, the garage door was open and there was a parking spot right there in front by the side entrance door. We parked and never drove again using the city transportation and walking the whole trip. Our vehicle was right there and we were able to see it every day as we went in and out. The staff was very nice and the room was clean and basic. Nothing special, but we only slept in it and as long as it was clean and roomy enough, it met our needs. The location was very convenient and within walking distance to Times Square and the Hudson where we took one of the night time cruises (just BEAUTIFUL). When we go back to NYC Travel Inn will be home away from home.	
Apr 25 2007	Great	Just stayed there for the second time April 21-24 2007 and it was a good experience again.It has free parking and easy access from tjhe Lincoln Tunnel and is about 4 blocks from Times Square.It is also close to Hells Kitchen and some really coollocal haunts which is great when youre tired of the tourist traps	
Apr 25 2007	Great Base Hotel near the Action of Times Sq.	My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in December last year. This was our 1st trip to NYC and we loved it.The hotel was nice and clean and the beds made for us every day. The reception staff had reasonable local knowledge and we ate at the Theatre Row Diner every morning for Breakfast which is just across the road. My boyfriend and I walked almost everywhere from this hotel, it took us about 10 minutes to get to the heart of times sqaure, 15 minutes to get to the Minskoff Theatre (where the Lion King was showing), 30 minutes to 5th Avenue and 25 minutes to Macy's. (we do walk quite fast however!).We also ate at a little Chinese take away which is down the side of the hotel and serves good food at reasonable prices. Also there is a great CVS Pharmacy right across the road that seemed to be open at all hours and has everything from drink, food, make-up, magaznes and medical supplies.I would definately stay in this hotel again.	
Apr 9 2007 	Visit to NY	We have just returned from 6 days at The Holiday Inn New York.Like others we wanted a reasonable hotel near Time Square - this was ideal. The people were agreeable but not intrusive. We had a double double room for 3 people - this was plenty big enough. We were disappointed that there was no drink making facility in the rooom but soon learned to get them from the diner joined to the hotel. Time Square is only a matter of minutes away and the short walk feels totally safe at night. The walk is ideal after a meal.Our stay was really good all round - apart from a long wait at the Empire State Building. Go very early even if you have bought tickets online etc.The main feature of the Travel Inn is its great value - which releases more money for shops and sights etc	
Apr 4 2007 	Great place to see New York	Wanted a hotel that was safe, clean and somewhat near Times Square. This place fit the bill perfectly. About 6 blocks from TS and across the street from a police substation, the walk was great and we felt safe even at night. The room was clean and plenty large enough for our family of 4. Nothing fancy but perfect as a base to venture out and explore. The FREE parking, unheard of in NYC, is quite a plus. The property let us check out and leave our car there for the day while we did our last day sightseeing. Staff was polite. I will definitely stay here on the next trip to NYC.	
Apr 1 2007 	Great value!	We stayed at the Travel Inn for 5 nights in late March, 2007. This was our first trip to NYC, so we really wanted to be downtown close to the action. We chose this hotel based on the good reviews at TripAdvisor and the cost compared to other NY hotels.The location is excellent and within an easy walk to Times Square and most Broadway shows. There are several good restaurants nearby. The Theater Row restaurant a block away was really good, and the hotel gives guests free drink coupons good for a soda or glass of wine. We ate breakfast at the little deli next door. The food and service were excellent, and the prices were very reasonable.The hotel itself was clean and well-kept. We saw people cleaning in the elevators and hallways every day. One guy was even wiping down the ledges in the parking garage. The lobby is small but comfortable and the little shop was well-stocked. The shop could have had longer hours, however. A computer with Internet service is available in the lobby for $1 per 5 minutes. They also offer wireless access in the rooms for $6 per 24 hours.Our room was clean and had a small refrigerator and microwave. The beds were very hard and the pillows were small. We were so tired each night that we didn't even notice though, and we did ask for extra pillows which were delivered within ten minutes. We didn't notice any traffic noise since we had asked for an inside room. The walls are somewhat thin though, so we did hear the elevators and people in the hallways. My only complaints about the room were that the bathroom was very tiny with little room for shampoo, brushes, etc. and that the toilets flushed loudly. The hotel staff was efficient and professional. They were not overly friendly, but were helpful whenever we needed advice or directions. We will definitely stay at this hotel again if we get to go back to NYC, and I would recommend it to friends.	
Mar 30 2007 	A lot to like but...	I stayed at the Travel Inn for three nights in late March. There is an awful lot to like about this reasonably priced &quot;hotel&quot;, which is really more like a motel that was airlifted from Des Moines and dropped on 42nd Street. There is even an outdoor pool on the 3rd floor. There is free parking (a $30 value right there). There is a small refrigerator and microwave in the room. I ate breakfast in the room every morning (there is a Food Emporium market just a half block away) and used the savings to eat well when I ate out at night. You are on 42nd street, albeit at 10th avenue. It is a walk of just under a half mile to the subway and the theater district. It is a very short jog to the bike/running path along the Hudson. Great views as you run along. So why is my rating not higher? Two reasons: the beds are rock hard and I never really go used to them. When people speak in the hallway, it is as if they are in the room with you. The doors and walls block no sound. A further caveat--avoid staying on the 3rd floor. The hotel is built in two wings. To get to the back part of the building people need to get off the elevator at the 3rd floor and walk down the hallway to another elevator. And I heard every one of them!! (See remarks about lack of soundproofing above.) The price is right, the location is excellent, the amenities are a real plus, BUT they do not make up for not being to sleep.	
Mar 27 2007	This hotel was great.	We stayed for 2 nights and the room was clean. Nothing special in room decoration. Our units has a refrigerator and a microwave.The hotel is very well located. It is a short walk from Times Square (10 minutes). It isn't too much further to the Empire State building (we walked). You've also got the subway station and the Bus Port 3 blocks away.I recommand it.	
Mar 8 2007 	Cant wait to go back	Travel Inn, New York city. Feb 2007What a fantastic place, cant wait to go back next year. Travel inn is clean and ideally located. Only down fall is no tea and coffe facilities in the rooms. Had to wait until we got to the diner before we had a cuppa. Would highly recommend the Theatre Diner located 1 block from hotel. Excellent place to visit loved everything about New York.	
Feb 26 2007	Excellent budget option	This was an excellent little hotel for travellers on a budget. It's about a 10-minute walk to Time Square and the subway station, from which every conceivable tourist attraction is easily accessible. The hotel itself, though located in a slightly less salubrious part of town, was perfect for our girly weekend in New York. The police station opposite made us feel very safe, even when returning late at night. Our room, which overlooked the swiming pool, was clean, comfortable and perfectly adequate. The bathroom was a little small and could have done with slightly better lighting (for your make-up!), but I cannot fault this hotel at all. We were looking for somewhere that was centrally located, inexpensive, but clean and comfortable, and the Travel Inn fitted the bill. Top tips: We fell in love with the Theatre Diner just across the street. Perfect perfect perfect, and reason enough to stay at this hotel. Fly into Newark rather than JFK -- it's nearer the hotel and you won't get stuck in traffic trying to fight your way across the city.	
Feb 25 2007 	Exactly what we wanted!!	We stayed two nights at the Travel Inn Hotel, Feb. 21-23. After finalizing our decision to stay there based on reading some of the reviews on here, I felt I should offer my positive experience as well, to help other future travellers make a decision. My girlfriend and I were making our first trip to NYC so I did a lot of homework comparing hotels/location/prices online before we chose the Travel Inn. Our criteria for selecting it was based on location, reasonable price, and it included free parking (which was in the building and was a big help in comparison to third-party parking garages that charge at least $30 per 24 hrs, which most of the other hotels in that area of the city use.)We were pleasantly surprised!! If you want to be close (within 10 mins walking) to Times Square and the Theatre / Restaurant district, and want a price that is a fraction of many of the others in that area, this is the place for you. Even if you want to take a cab to other parts of the city, being in Midtown Manhattan means you're in the middle of it all, so it's a good central location to start from. We drove from Maine and being first-timers to the city we weren't sure how easy it would be to drive to the hotel and exit the city when we left. It could not have been easier!!! To get to the Travel Inn from the north is simple, since you can bypass all of busy streets in the middle of the city, all you have to do is drive down the west side (Henry Hudson Pkwy) and make a left on 42nd street and you're there!! To leave it was just as simple since it was just a reverse of that. When you get there, just find a place to park on 42nd street while you check in, then drive into the parkade.Our room location was great (7th floor) with a perfect view of the Empire State Building. In that part of the hotel you just have to go up in the elevator to the 3rd floor, walk down the hall to the other set of elevators and continue up the rest of the levels to get to your floor (if you're on a floor higher than 3). To get to our room we just had to walk down a covered outside balcony which kind of reminded me of a Motel rather than a Hotel, but it was still great! Our room was a double (2-double beds), which were a bit on the firm side, but we weren't there to do much sleeping anyway. We didn't have a remote for the TV in our room for some reason, but when I called the front desk they were very helpful and said he would get me one within 5 minutes and sure enough they brought it to our room in 5 minutes. The heater was controllable and pumped out a lot of heat quickly, but you could shut if off if you wanted, which was good. The only thing that could have been better was the water temperature in our shower. It kind of had a mind of it's own, a few seconds it would be very hot, then it would get very cold, and keep alternating like that. We just had to try to adjust the faucet a bit while showering, but not big deal it still did what we needed it to do.We had a laptop and wanted to access the internet to check on some things about the city while we were there, so to get connected to wireless, all you have to do is call the front desk and ask for it and they will give you an access code that is good for 24 hrs (which we got twice since we were there for 48 hrs). It only costs $6.50 for 24 hrs, so well worth it if you want it.The lobby of the hotel has a section with many brochures and pamphlets about everything to do with the city that may come in handy if you're looking for something in particular.Check out is 12:00, but the front desk attendant told me if you want a late check out you can ask for a 1:00 check out instead. If the reason you want a late check-out is because you want to go somewhere and leave your vehicle in their parkade it's not even a problem and you don't even have to tell them. He told me we could leave it there even a few hours after check-out if we wanted, no questions asked, which is a big help if you have things you want to do before you want to leave the city. There are plenty of good places to eat very close by, so I won't even begin to list them, but I will say that we had some excellent Asian food from Ollie's, which is just one block from the Travel Inn towards Times Square on West 42nd street.We plan on going to NYC again in a few months to do and see some more of the things we didn't get to do this time and we will definitely be staying at the Travel Inn Hotel without hesitation.	
Feb 21 2007 	Clean with free parking	We drove to NYC so this hotels location made it easy for us to get in and out of the city. Great room rates, located within walking distance to subway and bus. Never felt unsafe walking back to hotel after evening shows. Rooms are very spacious and clean. Had a problem with toilet not flushing. We told the front desk and after our return to our room and the problem had been corrected. We are planning another trip in September would have no problem booking a room here.	
Feb 19 2007 	Great Place - Recommended	This hotel was great - we booked it after looking at reviews on trip advisor. We stayed for 3 nights and the room was smart and clean throughout. The reception staff were OK and we made use of the safebox facility they had.We drove into New York and I would espcially recommend this hotel to drivers as they have a well sized secure car park. Also, when we drove into New York (through the Lincoln tunnel), we came out the other side and it was only two blocks to the hotel - very convenient.The hotel is very well located as it is a short walk from Times Square and theatre district (10 mins) and it isn't too much further to the Empire State building. You've also got the subway station nearby along with plenty of places to eat - I can recommend the breakfasts at McDonalds!All in all a great place - can thoroughly recommend it and will be staying there again.	
Feb 5 2007 	Perfect for First Timers	My partner and I have just returned from a 5 day trip to NYC. We booked with TravelScope which were absolutely superb. We were originally set to be staying in the SkyLine Hotel up on 47th but due to refurbishment were placed in the Travel Inn Hotel on 42nd instead. The hotel was clean and quiet and the staff were reasonable and polite. We stayed in a large room with 2 double beds, which had ample storage space and a clean shower/bathroom. Unfortunately the room was on the back and overlooked the railway line which ran under the hotel itself, but to be honest we were not there to sit and look out the window all day so this wasn't a big concern.The main selling point about this hotel is the location. It's only about 10 minutes from Times Square and only another 10 more minutes or so to the other big &quot;attractions&quot; like ESB, Rockefella Plaza, 5th Avanue and much more. If you are happy to walk everywhere, as we were, it's just perfect. It took approximately 90 minutes (with a brief coffee stop) to walk from Battery Park back up to Midtown, so you can really walk anywhere on Manhattan if your legs are up to it.This is a budget hotel though so don't expect loads of facilities. The one thing it really did miss was a bar for a late night drink before bed, but for the room sizes, price and perfect location it's spot on.	
Jan 25 2007 	Mixed bag at The Travel Inn New York	Hmmm!...It was quite expensive in line with all other New York hotels.The room was very, very noisy, with the lifts wirring away next door and the open &quot;motel&quot; style corridors outside. This of course lets in all the noise from traffic/outside too!.The toilet was blocked and the telephone didnt work when we first checked in, to which we were told &quot;we will get it sorted, but we wont give you a better room&quot; - jeez, I hadnt asked for one! It was sorted within the hour.We could see from our bathroom, thru an airvent into next doors! (if you so chose!). The walls were very thin, we could hear all conversations and dunken bed banging!!. Oooo Yuck!But, but!,.....You are staying on THE 42nd Street! Its location is superb - 10minutes walk to Times Square, Subway Stn, Port Authority Bus Stn, 5th Ave, Helicopter tours etc!!. Cant beat it for that.But no, never again, sorry!.	
Jan 23 2007 	Excellent - what more could you ask for??	I took my girlfriend on a surprise trip to New York for her birthday, from the UK. I was quite worried about booking hotels on a budget - with only descriptions on Expedia to go on. Luckily however I found TripAdvisor.com and based on the reviews here I picked this hotel.What an excellent choice! As we walked into the hotel after 8 hours of travelling we were greeted by very friendly reception staff who checked us in with the minimum of fuss. The standard double room I'd paid for, ridiculously cheap compared to all the other hotels I'd looked at that were even vaguely near Manhatten, turned out to contain two double beds and was HUGE. The bathroom too was very spacious, with a piping hot and powerful shower which compensated well for the subzero temperatures and icy winds in New York at that time of year!The room was always kept very clean, and the reception staff were friendly throughout, even when we New York newbies asked them to explain to us how the subway system worked.Fine, our room looked onto a police station, but so what? We'd come to see New York, not live in the hotel, so great amenities were all we wanted. Anyway, the Empire State Building still looked wonderful, lit up at night. You wouldn't see that if you got a much more expensive room in a high buildings area.And location-wise too there was nothing to complain about. Right next to Times Square and the theatres, and no time on the subway or taxi to downtown Manhatten. And at a fraction of the price of the glitzy Times Square hotels. Amazing, since the only other hotels I could find for vaguely similar prices were miles out of the city.We had such a wonderful time there. The next time we go to New York, I know exactly where we'll be staying!	
Jan 22 2007	Nice place to stay on a budget	Stayed at this hotel for three nights in November. As you will find out, hotels are expensive in New York. I chose the travel inn as a alternative to the high priced branded hotels and found it a nice place to stay. I will say though, that if your looking for a plush hotel with lots of facilities then this hotel is not for you. But, if like me, your looking for a hotel that his reasonably priced, well located, then this place is for you. Most of all I wanted a comfy bed and a clean room, as most of your time in New york should be seeing New York. The hotel was more than adequate for what I wanted ideally placed next to a good VFM diner which served good breakfasts. The area in which the hotel is located is only three blocks from Times square, easy walking distance and there are plenty of bars and restaurants in close proximity. I enjoyed my stay in New York and would recommend the Travel Inn to anybody that isn't looking for a fancy hotel.	
Jan 21 2007	Close to Times Sq.	My wife and I stayed overnight from 1-14 to 1-15. The room was very clean and a pretty good size. It was a close walk to Times Square. Take the double decker loop bus, 49.00 for a 48 hour on and off pass. You can go all over Manhattan and Brooklyn for short money. One regret not enough time to see everything. Only bad thing the beds were hard as a rock, but after walking around all day, it didnt really matter.	
Jan 19 2007 	Perfect NYC base	The Travel Inn is a perfect base for seeing Manhattan. My husband and I stayed here on the final night of our honeymoon in July 2006. We love New York and wanted somewhere central. We also wanted somewhere that was easy to get to from the Newark airport bus stops - knowing we would have heavy bags from our two week trip to Hawaii. When I found the Travel Inn, it seemed to good to be true. I thought a swimming pool was a great addition - not normally something i would look for in New York, but again, coming at the end of our Hawaii trip, thought it might be nice to get a last dip before heading home to Engalnd. Also, I knew we would be looking to chill out after the long flight so thought we might use the pool a fair amount.The hotel itself is lovely. Clean and spacious, the rooms are not the most contemporary looking, but the furnishings all seem new and it's clean, so we didn't mind. The neighbourhood is a little off the beaten track for tourists, being over on the west side of 42nd street. I wondered about the safety before we went, but as we'd never felt unsafe in NYC before, decided to give it a go. WE need not have worried. We wandered to and from Times Square after dark with no problems as well as walking around the neighbourhood itself. It is the perfcet location for that airport bus as it's about a three minute walk to Port Authority. It's also very close to Times Square and its subway - perfect for exploring the city or eating out. The only negative we had was getting a cab back from 5th avenue after a heavy afternoon shopping. It wasn't a major deal, it's easy to walk from the subway, but we had lots of shopping, so could have done with a cab.That pool - the pool is a great area. It is like being somehwre else. The hotel surrounds the pool, which is half covered and half open, and you wouldn't know you were in NYC. We enjoyed sitting by it with a beer bought from the store next door and reminiscing about our fabulous honeymoon.If it's your first time to NYC then this hotel probably isn't for you as it's not exactly tourist central. But if, like us, you are regular visitors looking for an affordable, good quality base, with the added extras, it's a perfect choice.	
Jan 9 2007 	Clean convenient good price and good for a family	We stayed here Jan 4-7, 2007. There were four of us--2 adults and two children. We wanted something near Times Square that was reasonably priced and would sleep all four of us in the same room. Travel Inn fit that bill.The room was a normal hotel size which fit two double beds, a desk, nightstand, tv/dresser, floor lamp, and extra chair. It was warm out and we didn't need heat. It wasn't quite warm enough for air conditioning. We just opened the window. The hotel is across from the police station and we heard some sirens. I think you could hear sirens anywhere in New York. We didn't hear them very often and we didn't hear them while we slept, even with the window open. None of us are light sleepers.The hotel is about 2 blocks (the long blocks) from the Port Authority terminal. There is a bus station in the terminal, as well as an entrance to the subway. There are thousands of normal, everyday people who walk by this building daily and access the subway from here. There might be some unsavory people included in the mix, but New York is a large city and this is to be expected.The closest Subway stop is the Times Square stop. Although you can enter the Subway at the Port Authority building, you are walking through the Subway tunnels underground until you get to the Times Square stop. We used the Subways to get everywhere.  We had no problems checking in or out. There was no wait for either. Everything in our room worked fine. There were clean towels, sheets, etc daily. This hotel acted as a comfortable base for our travels. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jan 6 2007 	Fit the Bill	We planned a last minute trip with our family of four (sons 22, 19) and my sister's family after New Year's. A tip from a friend about the reasonable rates, clean rooms, good location and FREE parking led us to this hotel traveling from Virginia. It was all those things. My husband is very fastidious about clean rooms and had no complaints about that. These are basic rooms with everything you need. Our bathroom was very tight however, with no fan which can be helpful in drowning out noise. There was an extra bathroom on the hall which was helpful. We had a room with a pool view and it was nice and quiet. We found the desk staff pleasant and helpful. They even allow you to park there til 5:00 pm after you check out - a bonus if you are trying to get in a few last activities before leaving. The deli next door was great for morning coffee and breakfast and inexpensive. If I was staying longer than 2-3 nights with 4 in a room, I would need something larger but for a short stay, it fit the bill.	
Jan 2 2007 	spotlessly clean/excellent location	Arrived at hotel around 7pm, the receptionist managed to check us in without taking the phone away from his ear. He was literally having two conversations!!  We had booked a double-double room even though there was only my girlfriend and I. This is highly recommended as the room is huge with plenty of space. Our room was at the front of the hotel and our view was of the Police Station. The street outside was constantly busy but we can honestly say that the noise did not bother us at all. We used the hotel as a base really, just to sleep and wash in. The room was kept spotlessly clean, our beds were made and our towels were replaced everyday. As like the other reviews we found the reception staff unhelpful, they would deal with your queries from 10 feet away and we felt like we were annoying them when asking for our safe deposit box which they keep behind reception. Besides the reception staff though i can't fault this hotel at all. It's location is perfect, 5 minute walk from Times Square. The Theatre Row Diner is perfect for breakfast and The Joshua Tree on 47th Street serves awsome evening meals (Huge portions-Be warned!!) We only used taxis to get to and from the airport. We mainly used the train, much cheaper and easier.	
Dec 29 2006 	You can't beat this place for a budget family trip to Manhattan	I took my wife and two kids (14 and 11) to NYC to see a couple shows and experience Manhattan for the first time. Since we were staying five nights, a $500-$600 per night room at a typical chain hotel was out of the question.This place was great. Clean room with plenty of space for four people (that's tough to find in midtown). It was an easy walk to Times Square, all the Theatres, restaurant row etc. The neighborhood seemed plenty safe. We walked back from the theatres well after midnight, stopping at the Europan Bakery on 8th for a late dessert. It's a great neigborhood. Everything from cheap deli's and pizza by the slice places to high end gourmet type places within a couple of blocks.This isn't a resort hotel, if you are looking to spend 75% of your time in the hotel at the pool, go to Scottsdale. If you are looking for a clean, affordable, centrally located place to sleep while you are in Manhattan - you can't beat this place.	
Dec 28 2006 	Great For The Price!	I really can't believe the negativity in some reviews towards this hotel. The price was great, the location was super convinient, it was clean, the water was super hot and the maid service was superb - friendly and secure. The location was great near some decent diners and pubs (Lansdowne Road) and not far from Times Square. We always felt safe even walking alone after dark. We did have a pool room but you come to expect noise in a city anywayOverall no problems - the decor maybe wasn't the most fashionable but I didn't go to New York to stay in and look at bedcovers!	
Dec 11 2006 	excellent value for moeny very friendly would reccomend !!	We booked this hotel a year in advance and down to the last minute i was still wanting to stay in a posh hotel as we were staying for 7 nights and concerned about noise etc, but when we arrived, the hotel staff were extremely friendly they gave us a double room over looking the pool which was really big and vocuhers for free wine at the theatre diner and there is a lift so you dont have to struggle with your bag and satelite tv, very warm shower and a large bathroom. The shop inside was also helpful when we bought a map from there. just to the right of the balconys was the empire state building, infact my boyfriend proposed on the balcony over looking this so a fantastic holiday was had by all.The rooms were like a motel inside very clean but needed jazing up a bit .we went Christmas shopping and valuable stuff was left in the room and the maid didnt touch anything once, it was quiet and it was very close to times square, theatres and 42nd street. perfect location. we ate in the theatre diner would reccomend, hard rock cafe and staqdust diner on times square. fantastic !! would definitely go back and stay i miss it already !dont be concerend at all, but do take down the address as the taxi driver didnt know where he was going, by just pointing on a map.a tip buy a city pass as it is the same price for 2 site seeing tickets for empire state building and gugenheim and you get lots other attractions to go to, also dont go to ellis iland on a saturday as you queue for hours...	
Dec 10 2006 	Surprisingly Pleasant Stay	This is the right hotel for you if you like your accommodations on the more generic, bland side. That said, the room I stayed in was very clean and comfortable, with a great bed, and updated bathroom. The only complaint I had was a slight cigarette oder. The hotel is located very close to the action on 42nd street, but also on the bus and truck route from the Lincoln tunnel. If your room is on the street side expect more than normal noise (earplugs are recommended).The front desk help was very pleasant.There's parking (how unusual in New York!) and a handy concessions store in the lobby, which could have been open a little later. But there's a CVS on the corner that's really handy.Overall, I had a very pleasant stay at the Travel Inn and would definitely book there again.	
Dec 5 2006 	Nice hotel!!	I spent two long days searching for a nice, affordable hotel for my first visit to NYC. I called the hotel directly but they do not have 24 hour reservation service. The price with taxes came to $307.00 a night; not bad for NYC...awful if you are not used to those rates. Arrived there at check in time, no problems with reservation. First they gave us the wrong room, I mean we reserved a single room facing the pool and they gave us a double room facing the street. I went back to the lobby and they changed the room to the one requested. Elevators sometimes are VERYYY slow...but they worked. The hotel is very clean and makes you feel secure. The dinner next door serves a good a cheap breakfast. The room had wireless internet but we had to pay $7.00 extra for 24 hours of service. In the winter there is no Air Conditioner you have to open the window and with no screen. The pool looks tempting but it was very cold to try it. The hotel is on 42 st street, the subway station is two long blocks away and Time Square and Broadway is two to three blocks away...very easy to walk to. There is a bus stop in front of the hotel to take you to the Javitz Center that is three blocks away, is very easy to walk there too. In front of the hotel there is a CVS pharmacy and at the end of the street there is a Starbucks. A lot of 24 hours Delis and a 24 hour Papaya Dog (very cheap hot dogs and sandwiches) When we check out they saved our luggage until we had to leave. Very nice hotel, employees were friendly but sometimes they looked ----, the bathroom of our room was great, the room was confortable, no space between the bed and the tv, the bed was a Full size no Queen size. Great overall.	
Dec 5 2006 	What a great deal	I will start that I had a certain amount of money I wanted to spend and still be in Manhatten in a decent hotel. I was a little apprehensive after reading some of the reviews but as soon as I saw the room I was relieved. At $300.00 a night plus tax at this time of year it was a bargain. The room and bath were very clean and not cramped at all. The wireless internet is $7.00 per 24 hours. We had plenty of hot water and water pressure. There is a menu in the room from a very nice deli just a 1/2 block away that will deliver to your room. We were extremely pleased with our hot meals that were delivered quickly. We were in the nonsmoking section facing the pool which I felt was safe. It is definately an international crowd that stays here, I heard quite a few British accents. The only problem I had was that I had an issue with the wireless internet in the evening and the front desk man was less than helpful and it appeared he was annoyed that I was bothering him. Other that that we were happy. We generally stay in 5 star hotels but at this time of year in NY they are bordering on ridiculous $$$$$ $600 and up per night is just too much!! Stay here and take use the money for shopping, We did.	
Nov 20 2006 	Great for the price	Stayed at this hotel for the Barbra Streisand concert. We had already spent a lot of money on the tickets, and needed an affordable clean hotel. This definitely fit the bill. We had a room facing the back, off the pool. No street noise etc. I have stayed at three different hotels in NYC, and this was just as good as hotels I paid $200 more for a night. It was clean, comfortable and safe, which is very important for two women, or families with children. The restaurant that is attached is a good price, and the food was not bad. Go to the Theater Row Diner just up the block. Great food at great prices. I would definitely stay there again. I didn't use the free parking, but the lot looked well lit and safe.	
Nov 17 2006 	Totally Relieved	Let me say first, that I was sooooo afraid to stay here, even with all the good reviews, because I know NYC pretty well, and I was very afraid of the location and not very impressed with the pics. However, the price was right for what seemed to be a very expensive week to get a room in the city. My 13 yr. old and I stayed there for one night on Nov. 14. We drove to the hotel and found getting there extremely accessible. Drove right into the garage/check-in area and after self free parking, breezed through check in to go check out the room. VERY clean. No thrills at all, and I mean at all, but clean clean clean. Staff was friendly and helpful. The bad sides are the noise level between rooms, the noise from the street (if you are unlucky enough to get a room that faces it), and the location. It is close enough to walk to most things, but if you come back after 10:00 or so, be careful. Even though its across from a police station, the area becomes very desolate later at night, and it made me quite nervous w/my child to walk past groups of questionable men staring us down. Just take a short cab ride at night. Having said all that --- For the very cheap rates that they offer, combined with free parking, it certainly wasn't a bad experience. On a strict budget?? Go for it!!	
Nov 14 2006 	Trip to the Travel Inn	We stayed at the Travel Inn as we were in New York for the marathon. Its location is excellent, handy for Times Square, bus station etc. There are loads of good restaurants and diners within a short walk of the Hotel. The rooms were spotlessly clean and comfortable, with loads of hot water! The staff were extremely helpful and the reception area had some comfy sofas as well as a small shop. We really enjoyed our stay and would return there again on future visits	
Nov 5 2006 	Walking location to downtown events	Location was excellent within walking distance to downtown. Walked from Madison Square Gardens past Macey. Another day to theatre, Times Square. Our room overlooked the cop shop across the street which was OK not noisy. Day staff friendlier than night staff. Didn't enjoy the Theatre Show Diner food not good. Better at the Deli beside the hotel. We were from Canada so not bad value for the monies paid, we were there for 3 nights.	
Nov 1 2006 	Hotel was fine great location really bad front desk staff	We arrived at the hotel at 1:45 to an empty lobby and desk clerk on a personal phone call and we were told &quot;check in is at 2 you can sit and wait&quot;. The lobby and rooms were actually very nice, the location was good and we never felt unsafe. There is a diner just outside the hotel that is great good food and reasonable price. All requests for directions etc were met at the front desk with rude remarks. For example we asked for a cab to a Broadway show one night and were told to just go outside and flag one down. We are going back to NYC this summer and would love the pool, but not staying here again	
Nov 1 2006 	Good Value Reasonable Hotel	After a crazy number of hours trying to find a hotel in New York on the net we selected this one because of it's price and reasonable trip advisor rating. We found the best price by booking directly with the hotel.The hotel itself is perfectly acceptable but in any other city it would be about half the price but that's New York.The rooms are a good size and clean. All the facilites were working and the fridge was a bonus.We had a room facing the pool so didn't get any street noise. The sound proofing of the rooms is far from ideal and we could hear conversations/ arguments in all surrounding rooms. We were so tired from sight seeing it didn't really make an impact on our sleep though.The area is OK and we felt safe walking back to the hotel at night. It is very easy to hail a cab from the street but it is only a short walk to the subway stations.They have a secure room for luggage if you have a late flight back which is good.Staff were professional and efficient if not overly friendly.Scored it above average because it exceeded our expectations. Would definately stay there again.Missed out on excellent because of the room noise.	
Oct 31 2006 	Well worth the money	We only stopped here 1 night in a two double bed room which cost 120.00. I thought it was a great price as for in comparison to other hotels. Has great location and free parking, we parked @ 10am and checked in later that day. We asked if we could leave our car later that day and they kindly let us stay till 3pm - everyone knows how expensive it is to park in NY!. If im ever back in the big apple i will surely consider this again.	
Oct 28 2006 	GREAT TIME!	We had a great time! The free parking, check-in, room etc.The location was great. The room was facing the pool. 417We have been to new york numerous times and we have stayedin 4 star hotels that were not as nice. Even the refrigerator and microwave not even mentioned. We will return!!!	
Oct 27 2006 	Average hotel with great location	I hate reading reviews of hotels on here and seeing someone give it a 1 rating and the very next person a 5 rating so I'm gonna give this what it deserves. This is strictly a 3 star hotel, it does not go above and beyond but it provides exactly what a 3 star hotel should. It's got a good location with easy access to Times Square area and the subway. There are plenty of small diners in the area, some right across the street and a good number right up the road on 9th avenue. Within walking distance of the Circle Line Cruise pier (83, I believe) if you are planning on doing that. As far as the hotel itself, the walls a bit thin from room to room. We had very noisy neighbors (drunk I believe) one night but otherwise, cannot really complain about the rooms. We were facing in towards the pool so cannot comment about street noise. Front desk staff never acknowledge you as you're walking in and out of the hotel. Otherwise, a clean hotel with decent access to most of the Times Square and Theater District hangouts with good rates and average sized rooms.	
Oct 25 2006 	Location Location Location	As mentioned great location 5-10 minute walk from Time Square and close to the subway. The rooms were very clean and adequate for our needs. However I did find it very noisey staying across from the police station - but safe!! The cafe next door was very ordinary - give it a miss. There is a great restaurant around the corner on 10th Ave called Mr Biggs, happy hour with half price drinks between 5-7pm the meals are huge. Found the staff on the front desk to be polite, answered questions but offered not much more.Next time in New York would stay here again due to the location, price and the clean rooms.	
Oct 24 2006 	excellent location and basic services	This is a good value for the middle class traveler. Stayed there four nigthts in October of 2006 and found the place to be clean and comfortable. The location is excellent, three blocks from Times Square. The little breakfast joint next to the hotel was great. Ate there each morning and read the paper. I'll stay there next time.	
Oct 24 2006 	Great place to stay in NY	We (my husband and I and two teenage sons) stayed here for 8 nights in October. The hotel suited us perfectly. It was clean and comfortable and despite what other people have said the staff were very helpful and we were given extra towels and pillows on request. Our room looked out over the pool so it was relatively quiet considering its great location.The best thing about the hotel for us was the location as the hotel is 5 minutes from Times Square. There is a diner next to the hotel which is OK but the hotel recommends the Theatre Row diner which is one block away and this is very good and cheap (for us Brits anyway!). There is no shortage of restaurants nearby.I can only presume the bad reviews for this hotel are from people who expected 5 star luxury at 3 star prices!I would recommend this hotel to people ike us who go to New York to explore rather than to sit in a hotel room.	
Oct 23 2006 	Can't beat this hotel for value	This hotel is right on 42nd St and it's a five minute walk to Times Square. Crosstown bus stops in front of hotel. Subway is a couple of blocks away and hotel is across the street from the Police Department if that makes you feel safer. The hotel is clean, the staff is helpful and friendly, the rooms are large by NYC standards and they have their own parking which is included in price. This is the best value for your dollar in NYC this close to Times Square. There are $500-600 hotels if you prefer. Personally, the money I save is better spent partying in this great old 'Hell's Kitchen' neighborhood. Who wants to sit in a room when in NYC. Staying here gives you a good room for a good price and leaves $100 to $400 a day in your pocket to enjoy. That saved money buys a lot of food and drinks; even at NYC prices.	
Oct 22 2006 	Good place and location	First of all the location is great, it is 5 minute from the time square walking.There is a good restaurant near the hotel in which they have a deal there, we used this deal and ate there alot.The nearest subway is also 4 minutes walking from the hotel.They have a small restaurant inside the hotel which is open between 6am to 9pm, has a good coffee and treatment.We got there on night after landing in JFK, for some reason they didn't reserved our room and we had to sleep in a smoking room istead of a non one. That was the bad experience when we got there but the day after they replaced our room with a non smoking room and from then, everything went ok.	
Oct 20 2006 	Good Hotel - Great Location	Myself and my Husband stayed at this Hotel for our Honeymoon in New York.It is in an excellent location - on 42nd street and 10th Avenue.The hotel is very clean with maid service everyday.The rooms are a good size and the beds big and comfortable.We found the staff very helpfull and there was no charge for our safety deposit box,which most hotels charge for.Also when I told the staff that the hairdryer in our room was'nt working it was replaced immediately.The NYPD station is just across the road from this hotel so at night it can get noisy with the police heading out on there runs around Manhattan.There is a very good diner up the road from this Hotel called the Threatre Row Diner which is great for breakfast every morning.	
Oct 18 2006 	Perfect on a budget	We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights and we were really happy because we weren't sure what to expect on our budget. I really struggled to find a hotel within our price range and was delighted when i found this one. Good things about hotel were price, spotlessly clean room and bathroom, good shower and very comfortable beds. The location is also good - it is on the west side of the city, which isn't quite as nice as the East side, but still fine. The hotel is a short walk from Times Square. There is a deli right next door to the hotel that did a good breakfast and then nice food throughout the day.The only small gripe i have is that there were no tea making facilities in the room - a bit of a pain when you like your cup of tea. However, if you are thinking of staying at this hotel and you like a hot drink, just buy a small travel kettle.Really recommend and would stay there again.	
Oct 17 2006 	Our favorite NYC hotel	We have taken 5 or 6 trips to NYC over the last 15 years, and always stay at this hotel. Considering the price, it is a gem. The rooms are not fancy, however, they are a decent size and they are neat and clean. Parking is FREE and there is a swimming pool (outdoor)--2 things that are not common in any Manhattan hotel at any price. The hotel is located very conveniently when driving into Manhattan by the Lincoln Tunnel, you will come out right at 42nd St near the hotel. Just turn left at the light and turn right into the parking lot. Once you get there, you will also find that you are conveniently located in the city as well. It is a few blocks to Times Square. You are in walking distance of many theaters. The convention center is just a few blocks. A bus stop is on the corner and the subway isn't far. There is a little restaurant on the corner that has decent &quot;diner&quot; type food. You are right across the street from the bus station, and there are questionable characters sometimes hang out there, however, there is also a police sub station right there, so we have always felt safe coming and going at any time.	
Oct 17 2006 	2nd stay here	I stayed at this hotel 1 year ago and when I decided to travel to Manhatten this year, I booked the Travel Inn again. You get everything what you need: A big and clean room and a bathroom at a good location. For New York the price is fair. Last year I had an room to the street, which was quite loud, because there is a police station directly on the other side an you can here some sirens during the night. This year I got a room at the back facing the pool and it was very quite. The area and the hotel is very safe and I can not understand what other reviewers said about safety. I definitly recomend this hotel.	
Oct 12 2006 	very pleasant stay	After sifting through many reviews of this property, we decided to book this hotel for two nights, Sept 25-26. We were not disappointed. The room and bathroom were spotless, the beds were quite comfortable, and we were given a room overlooking the pool, as requested. We had booked well in advance of our stay.The A/C worked fine.Immediately next door is a deli with adequate breakfast/lunch; and good restaurants are within walking distance. You should not expect dining room and lounge in a 2-star hotel, of course.The desk staff were helpful but not sycophantic: check-in and check-out were a breeze.We (a couple in their late 60's) would stay here again. The price was right, the location was good; we've stayed in many hotels in Europe, and this compares well with the tourist class there.	
Oct 10 2006 	We thought this hotel was fine	We booked online direct with the hotel and got an excellent rate compared to everything else availible at the time we were there. The location is fine, just 4 blocks from Times Square. We felt very safe compared to e.g. San Francisco where we stayed last year. The rooms are standard motel type rooms but clean and the bathroom was fine...clean, and everything worked.I called ahead and ensured a non smoking room, the person I talked to at that time was a little abrupt, but all the rest of the staff were really nice, especially the gift shop ladies who had great advice on trips and subway routes. You do not enter this hotel through a garage, unless you want to, there is a front door, I do not know how you can get the impression that the only entrance was through the garage!No restaurant, but we ate each morning at the &quot;theatre diner&quot; a block up the street, (as advised here). If you go one block over on 43 and 8,9,10 there are plenty of great restaurants for dining. The grocery store one block up (food emporium) was great to have close by too. When I called the hotel to ask about transport from the airport, they advised taxi. We took the shuttle, be advised this was fine, cheap but because the hotel is over ar 42+ 11, you tend to get dropped off last, so we were in the van for over an hour	
Oct 10 2006 	Great value and location	This hotel gives you exactly what you are looking for in NYC. Location is 10 minute walk to Times Square, easy access from when you drive in, secure garage with parking included in the price, clean clean rooms (big too), however the bathroom is small, and very safe. We had room 431 which had 2 double beds and were erally surprised at the clealiness. We paid total 792$ US for 3 nights, (for 4 people) which is a great deal for NYC. Check in took about 2 minutes, and yes the staff arent the friendliest, but anything we asked for (extra towels) were sent up within minutes. Upon check out, we were charged exactly what we were quoted on the Internet and it took all of 2 minutes. I couldnt think of a better location to see all the sights. The hotel definitely isnt the Hilton, but then again neither is the price. Dont hesitate to book here.	
Oct 7 2006 	Excellent value for money !	I had to come in NYC in September 2006 and I was late to make a reservation.Given my budget the Travel Inn was the only choice with available room and not to far from the office.I must say this hotel was a pretty good surprise. The location is excellent, close to time square or Grand Central.The room was big and clean, nothing to say. There is an iron which is important for a business traveller. There was however a strong smell of cigarette despite the fact it was a non smoking floor.I did not have time to try the swimming pool but the pool area is very nice.The staff member is helpful but not really friendly.Last thing: there's no restaurant at the hotel, but you'll find everything at walking distance anyway.To summarize: good choice, not expensive, big and clean room.Unfortunately I had to extend my stay and I had to move to an other hotel because the travel inn was fully booked.	
Sep 30 2006	Good Hotel...Awesome Customer Service	We stayed at the Hotel from Sept 23-28, the Hotel is located in a good location. The price was fairly resonable considering you're on 42nd street. The subway to get to all the different attractions is 2 blocks away. We enjoyed our stay at this hotel. When I got to the hotel I left my folder in the cab which had my copies of my reservations to the different attractions I already booked, my airlines info, and my passport. The guys in the front was so kind to help me. In fact they allowed me to use there computer and there printer to re-print all my information from my email. They were wonderful. We stayed in two different rooms, one on the 6th floor and one on the 3rd floor. The 3rd floor rooms seemed bigger. Try to request for those rooms if available. Anyways it was a good hotel and will stay there again. Don't worry it is in a safe location. Never once had any problems and I was with my 6 year old and 11 year old son. They had a blast. Hope this helps.....	
Sep 30 2006	crap!	This place stinks!! you get the idea how bad it is when you first check in by reading the sign that say &quot;no visitors after 10 pm&quot;. The front desk staff, especially one named EJ, are unhelpful, rude and basically a pain. I have never been asked to pay 1.50 for a lost plastic key to be remade.In addition, they cannot seem to figure out how to get packages that are sent to guests, when you request a wakeup call the reply is always &quot;we'll try&quot;. The wireless internet works half the time at best, and if you end up in the west end of the hotel, the doors open to the outside. Also, due to its proximatey to a police station, you rarely get a full nights sleep due to siren practice on the behalf of the police dept.I also believe the beds are made by a plywood manufacturing company, as they are that hard, and the made service is attrocious. I finally started writing the word trash, in marker, on the trash so it would get taken away. It helps if you put it in the hall also, although it took 2 days.Finally, the plumbing is terrible. good luck trying to find a comfortable shower water temp. and ignore the mold, it won't hurt you.I say that if you are planning to stay here in the future, don't. save your money, go up a couple blocks, and sleep in the bus station. It is much nicer!	
Sep 24 2006	Good location	I stayed for three nights at this hotel. The location was excellent as it is on 43rd street but a lot of undesirables were hanging around and I did not feel safe at night. The entrance was through a car garage which was a bit strange. The bathroom was old and run down and the plumbing left a lot to be desired. My hairdrier did not work. Overall the room was comfortable and clean.	
Sep 22 2006 	Excellent Value For Money	My girlfriend and I stayed here for six nights in September and were very happy with the hotel. The hotel is basic but provides very good value for money. Hotel prices in NYC are crazy and a lot of 100 a night hotels are basically awful. This one on the other hand was clean and safe with large rooms and pretty close to the action. (about a ten minute walk from times square) We even got a view of the empire state building (and a rather run down police station) from our bedroom window. We got the best rate by going straight to the hotels own website, its a bit tricky to find but if you put &quot;manhattan travel inn&quot; into google its about the second or third hit. I'd reccomend going for a &quot;double double&quot; room as they were bigger than the standard rooms and were the same price. the only slight downside was the noise from 42nd street, I was able to ignore it but my girlfriend did need to sleep with ear plugs in. If you are a light sleeper I'd reccomend asking for a room at the back of the hotel. In conclusion, I would definately stay there again.	
Sep 8 2006 	Loved my experience at Travel Inn	I had a whirlwind trip to NYC for an interview. I arrived Monday afternoon at the Travel Inn and was greeted by 2 kind gentlemen. They checked me in very quickly (about 1 minute), informed me of what was nearby, and talked with me about my interview and how to get there in the best time.After reading the reviews on TripAdvisor, I did request a Quiet Room. Those rooms are located around the pool. It was very, very quiet. The elevator worked fine. My room was very clean. The beds are definitely firm.....and I slept like a baby (a happy, content baby). I was given a prompt wake-up call the next morning. I had to check out soon after my interview....and the check out was also very fast (about 2 minutes). The young lady in the gift shop was helpful when I needed to arrange a shuttle back to the airport. Monday night, I ordered room service (from a place a couple blocks away....Theater Diner). I had a delicious dinner within 25 minutes! On Tuesday, after my interview, I ate right next door to the hotel at the Broadway Cafe. The man there was extremely prompt and attentive. Very good french toast.I felt very, very safe there. It's like any other NYC street....busy and bustling. I really don't understand why people have said they didn't feel safe....I can only assume that they are unfamiliar with big cities. It was also very easy to hail a taxi on the morning of my interview....just walk out of the hotel, turn to your left and walk to that street corner....I had a taxi in about 45 seconds. So, stay at the Travel Inn! Enjoy! You're close to so much!	
Sep 4 2006 	Pretty good stuff !	My friend booked the hotel for us. I wasn't too sure what to expect. Happily, this was a good place to stay. It was quiet and our room was quite clean and comfortable.  The biggest advantages are that you get free parking and the proximity to Times Square. The Travel Inn is also close to a subway station, eateries and even a grocery store.This was my first time in New York and the hotel was a great place to rest in our hectic but very fun stay.I recommend this hotel for all ages. If you come in the dog days of summer ( August ), be sure to bring your swimming trunks for the pool that is almost an oasis in the bustling NYC !- Montreal and VA visitors	
Aug 26 2006 	Our favorite NY hotel!	Our family of four, including two teen-age girls, spent three nights at the Travel Inn. It was everything mentioned in the previous reviews --- and then some. The room was spacious by NYC standards and immaculately clean. Check-in was a breeze, and any questions/requests (extra towels and pillows) were answered positively and quickly. We asked for directions several times, and the day staff, in particular, were extremely helpful.The location was ideal with numerous reasonably-priced diners, delis, and restaurants located right on the block. I would recommend that a family's first outing from the Travel Inn be a walk around the block to scout out the various establishments. As my husband says, &quot;If the cops eat there, it will be good,&quot; and we found this to be true. This hotel gives visitors the feeling of being in a New York City neighborhood as opposed to on a strip of hotels.Our favorite stop at the end of our long days of touring the city was at the Food Emporium. This little grocery store, located just up the block on the way back to the hotel from Times Square, features an excellent bakery, salad bar, and buffet. Our night-time snacks and the next day's breakfast were purchased there, saving time and money. The hotel room refrigerator was just the right size for milk, juice, bottled water, and fresh fruit. We even put ice cream snacks in the freezer, and they kept just fine.We did not have time to use the pool, but it was beautiful and clean, located on the third floor and surrounded by a patio with numerous cafe tables across from a lovely little terrace garden. We noticed many other guests relaxing there, enjoying a break from the city. It was certainly inviting, and I'm sure we would have enjoyed it if we had time to use it.The only complaint registered by anyone in our family was the lack of YES Network --- the official channel of the New York Yankees, for those who might not know --- on the hotel television. My husband was appalled that any hotel in NYC would not carry this channel. The rest of us, frankly, were happy for a break from this channel which dominates our television at home.So, would we recommend this hotel? Absolutely!Would we stay there again? We're already trying to figure out when we can go back!	
Aug 26 2006 	Absolute Bargain! Free Parking means I will come back again.	I read some reviews of this hotel and saw the two-star rating at some sites and was a little apprehensive about making a reservation at first. Some relatives then made plans to come to NYC by Greyhound bus, so this hotel became the most convenient option (it is located just 2 blocks away from the Port Authority bus terminal).The location of this hotel is just awesome. Getting to the hotel by car is easy - it is very close to the Lincoln Tunnel entry into NYC. It is within proximity of the excitement of Times Square and the Theatre District - we walked there a few times during our 2-night stay (about a 10-15 minute walk). We also walked all the way to Rockefeller Plaza and took the Top of the Rock tour (a little longer of a walk, but well worth it). The 42nd street subway station at Port Authority is also very conveniently located near the hotel - we purchased a $7 one-day Metrocard and traveled to Lower Manhattan in the morning to check out Ground Zero and the Staten Island Ferry (total travel time on the subway to Lower Manhattan was just under 20 minutes). We also took the subway in the early evening to Columbus Circle (Time Warner Center, Central Park) - it is located 17 blocks (but only 2 subway stops) away.The rooms in the hotel were clean but small, though I'm not complaining. We didn't travel to NYC to relax and sit around in our hotel all day long, we definitely went there to visit the sites. There were quite a few people at the outdoor pool - I guess to each their own but my intention wasn't to travel to such a prime, exciting location to enjoy the ambiance of the hotel and take a dip in the pool.I definitely think that the best feature of this hotel was the free parking. I was considering another hotel nearby, but I would have had to pay nearly $30/day to park across the street. I was definitely happy that I did not have to worry about parking and that my car was in a safe &amp; convenient location.The deli near the restaurant was fine, but there was also a Starbucks, Dunkin' Donuts and a 7/11 within walking distance... not to mention 8 million other eateries near Times Square. Bottom line: this hotel is a bargain. We had a total of 3 people staying in my room for 2 nights last week and we paid just under $350 USD (after taxes) without having to pay for parking. I could not find any other deals this good in such a convenient location and I searched almost daily for nearly a month. With everything else being as expensive as it is in NYC, it just makes sense to save as much money as possible on lodging. Cleanliness is definitely a concern for me - I wouldn't go for the least expensive option if I knew that the hotel was not clean, but this was simply NOT a problem at the Travel Inn.	
Aug 15 2006 	Very good value for money!!	After reading a mixture of past reviews, we were a little aprehensive of what to expect upon arrival with 2 kids aged 10yr &amp; 3yrs at this hotel for a 7 night duration. Well, our aprehension was quashed upon arrival to helpful staff &amp; a great size room with 2 dbls (as previously rqstd months before), a lovely clean &amp; fresh smelling room on the 4th floor. The A/C worked beautifully &amp; the noise levels frm the busy 42nd St. did not disturb us at all. We did not have a great view from our room however the presence of the police station right across the road gave a great sense of `safety' - apparently there are 40K police officers in Manhattan alone (this we learnt from the various tours we went on). The Deli next door provided good food but our preference for the Theatre Row Deli situated 1 block away provided a better ambience &amp; variety - much to to my kids delight!!! Overall this hotel is situated a few blocks away from the main `action', Broadway, Time Sq etc &amp; yellow cabs are in abundance as to be expected!! We will have no hesitate in staying at the Travel Inn again when we are next back in New York.	
Aug 14 2006 	Great free parking in Manhattan	Even though we were warned this was a budget hotel - the free parking lured us to book.We are so pleased we did, the location is great just 4 blocks from centre of Times Square, and even in the extreme temperatures still very walkable. Safe area with NYPD station just across the road, and even a view of the Empire State building from our window.Check in was efficient with the garage next to reception however we had a large car and the bays were smaller than usual.Staff were efficient but certainly not friendly.Pool was an added bonus for this price of hotel, however water was colder than expected.Room decoration was reasonable, very clean, comments before have mentioned small bathroom but even 2 adults and 2 children managed adequately. Soaps etc. were replenished daily.Used deli next door for breakfast - great value.	
Aug 10 2006 	Just Fine	My friend and I (two 30-something women) stayed here for 3 nights on a shopping trip. The previous reviews are pretty comprehensive and we found the postive reviews borne out by our experience, which was just fine. I was especially impressed with the size of our room (normal hotel room size! In New York!)I've previously stayed in Chelsea at the adorable Chelsea Lodge, but their rooms have only one bed, and we needed two beds. I was a little worried that this hotel is in Hell's Kitchen but there is absolutely nothing wrong with the neighbourhood. The streets were so busy that we felt very safe walking back to the hotel even at midnight.EATINGThe local Starbucks is right around the corner on 9th Ave (head north) on the main floor of the large apartment building on the corner. Pax Whole Foods (42nd Street, on the way to Times Square) is a great place for a quick, healthy lunch.Lovely Bryant Park (behind the NYC library) is just past Times Square on 42nd Street. It has dozens of free cafe tables, fantastic people watching and public washrooms that look like they belong in the Waldorf. It's a perfect spot for morning coffee and breakfast while you plan your day. There's a little takeaway on the south side of 42nd street (Cafe something or other) similar to Pax - all sorts of sandwiches, yogurt, sweets, fruit, drinks to choose from; and the ubiquitous Starbucks across the street.We managed to get same day reservations at Nobu in Tribeca by eating at the unfashionably early hour (by NYC standards) of 5:45 - 7:45p.m. Considering that Nobu is usually fully booked a month in advance, we were pretty happy.Also loved Pastis, a French-style cafe on 9th Ave at Little West 12th Street. Go before 11:00a.m to get a seat without waiting.TRANSPORTATIONIf you don't have a lot of luggage, you can walk 2 blocks to the Port Authority Bus Terminal and catch a shuttle to JFK or LaGuardia &amp; save about $7.00 per person over a hotel shuttle booked through the hotel gift shop.SHOPPINGWe found 5th Ave north of 42nd Street to be much better shopping than Soho; or at least, we both had better luck there.I noticed that prices vary wildly at the souvenir shops around town, so look around before you buy. We saw T-shirts advertised at everything from &quot;3 for $10&quot; to &quot;14 for $10.&quot; Personally, I think the best souvenir is a framed photo that street vendors sell for $12-$20 (all the major sights are available). I buy one to commemorate each trip to NYC.MUSEUMSWarning: our two guidebooks (2001 and 2005) both had MOMA and the Neue Gallery (with a cool Klimt exhibition) closed on Mondays... when in fact, they're closed on Tuesdays. Serves us right for not purchasing new guidebooks, I guess.HOTEL DOWNSIDESI would stay at the Travel Inn again without hesitating. It's great value for the price. The only downsides I can think of are these:- 42nd street is fairly boring (parking garage, police station, post office, supermarket, bank, bus terminal) for two blocks toward Times Square; it's not a NYC street with lots of cafes and boutiques on your doorstep. 9th Ave. heading north offers more restaurant choices, all pretty standard fare.- The hotel is the budget offering of the Empire hotel chain, meaning you get decent quality and zero character. It could be any hotel room, anywhere in the world.- If you're in town to shop, a hotel in the Midtown East area would put you closer to the action; for theatre goers, Travel Inn is perfectly located.Hope others find this useful.	
Aug 8 2006 	worth the price	We spent 2 nights here and chose it primarily for the available parking as we drove in from Illinois and for the pool (we have 2 kids). I agree with previous post that the reception staff is not terribly friendly, however the hotel met all our needs, was clean, quiet and a great location. We also walked to and from the hotel and never felt uncomfortable. My only complaint was the pool hours. The days we were there it was 95 and 96 degrees. The pool closed the first day at 8:00 (reason given was that it was &quot;too hot&quot;??) and the second day it closed at 7:00. Other that that, it was well worth the price.	
Aug 2 2006 	A NYC hotel that is NOT overpriced!	After reading previous reviews on Tripadvisor, I booked this hotel. The hotel would definetely NOT win the friendliest hotel award 2006, reception staff were not very 'forthcoming'. However the room was clean and accomodating, but bathroom is tiny! I requested a quiet room, and was located on the 6th floor overlooking pool, heard no noise from main street. I experienced one unfortunate event, when I returned to the hotel one evening, and found our bedroom door was slightly open. Fearing the worst, I opened the door to expect all our belongings etc to be gone, however everything was in place (fortunately, otherwise they being in receipt of a lawsuit!!!). I informed the reception, who were overly complacement and blamed the cleaner for not shutting the door properly!!?? If this incident did not happen, I would of given this hotel an above average rating. It is a couple of blocks away from Time Square, however my two children aged 11 and 14 and myself walked back to hotel every night (10-15 min walk) without any fear (maybe I lived in London too long!!!). I found the people of New York either very friendly or very rude - no midway. I also agree with previous comment, that NYC is definetely not Disneyland ie not child-friendly!	
Aug 1 2006	Everything for a great price!	We booked this hotel after reading online reviews and I was still a little nervous about such a cheap hotel (relative to other NYC hotels), but we were seriously impressed! We arrived early, but the parking attendant told us to go on in and register and then we could park in the lot right away. We parked our van in the FREE lot and left it there for our whole stay. We walked almost eveywhere or to the subway station just a few blocks away. This hotel is in an awesome location! Not a terribly busy or &quot;touristy&quot; area, but close to everything and in a great walking neighborhood. Our kids (ages 6&amp; 8) LOVED the outdoor pool!! It was 80+ everyday we were there so we planned our days to include a stop back at the hotel to enjoy a dip in the pool each afternoon before heading back out to see more. Definitely a bonus!! The staff were all very helpful! This was my first trip to a big city and I was very nervous and ignorant, but they were all very helpful and informative!! We even had a street side room and were never bothered by noise or traffic. We would definitely stay here again!	
Jul 31 2006 	Well Worth The Stay!	We took our family including 2 young girls to New York City this past weekend and stayed at the Travel Inn. I was impressed by the reviews on this site therefore, I decided to give it a try! When I go back to NYC, I will stay here! The hotel was so easy to get to, right off of the Lincoln Tunnel. The FREE SELF PARKING IS SUCH A PLUS. We arrived around 11:00 am and told them we were here. They checked our reservations and told us we were welcome to park the car and go sight-seeing. They told us we could check-in after 2:00, but our reservation was guaranteed if we wanted to return later (which we did). The parking attendants were very friendly and helpful. You can either leave your luggage in the car (which we felt very safe doing) or check it in the security room in the parking garage. The front desk was friendly and helpful in telling us where the nearest Subway stop was. They even gave us a free Subway map.  We walked back to the hotel around 10:00pm and we felt very safe. The walk from Times Square is about 4 (longer) blocks. It is an easy walk with alot to look at, so my children didn't even mind it! Our room was VERY CLEAN and QUIET. It was even facing the train tracks and the noise was muffled. We needed extra towels which were brought to us immediately! The beds were nice and the air-conditioner worked great. The city view is a plus. The pool looked nice, we just didn't have time to use it! The deli (Broadway Deli)next door is WONDERFUL for breakfast. I got 2 eggs, bacon, fried potatoes and toast for less than $4.00. The portions fill you up too! I HIGHLY recommend it! Once again, I can't wait to go back! Hope your experience is as good as ours!	
Jul 28 2006 	Convenience and Affordability in Midtown NYC	I stayed here at the end of July 2006 and had a nice and comfortable stay. I travelled to NYC by myself and was a little concerned about my safety, but all is well when you're inside the Travel Inn. I don't know what the other negative reviewers are talking about. But, I can say that even the ritziest places can give bad service too. About the area....It's on the edge of Hell's Kitchen which is &quot;coming up&quot; as many neighborhoods are in NYC. It's an urban place with many different characters and faces. I don't consider any place in NYC &quot;kid friendly,&quot; we're definitely not at Disneyland people. About the room: I was upgraded without asking and greeted every time I came into the hotel lobby after a long day of touring the city. Everything in the room worked great. I would strongly recommend this to travellers who are no frills and don't expect the Ritz for budget prices. Get real! Hope this review helps....	
Jul 14 2006	Clean friendly staff	My family of five including three children (10, 7 and 5) stayed here from July 10-12. We arrived about an hour before check-in and our room was ready. I requested a room near the pool and was given a room on the 3rd floor -right outside the pool. The room location was perfect for us, near the elevator and pool. The room was very clean. The room is a decent size, but the bathroom is tiny. There is only a pedestal sink, so there is no room for toiletries when getting ready in the morning. The location was great for our arrival and departure, very near the tunnels and easy to navigate. It was a longer walk to Times Square than I had hoped, but not awful. We actually found the area to appear quite safe. The whole opposite side of the street practically is a police station. The deli and bagel shop adjoining the hotel was great for breakfast. We asked for additional towels, and were brought 4 sets within minutes. The free parking definitely makes this hotel a more affordable midtown option. We enjoyed our stay.	
Jul 14 2006	Will not return for sure...	We stayed at the Travel Inn last week. We had requested a nonsmoking double overlooking pool room months ago. Upon check in (3pm), we were given a room on the 3rd floor overlooking 42nd street. The room was dirty and there was a man repainting door casings upon arrival. We were told we could leave our luggage there and it would be cleaned shortly. (The doors were all open on the floor due to the painting). I went back to the front desk to inquire about a room in the back overlooking the pool, and was told there were none available. Traffic noise is very loud and apparant all hours of the night (including multiple sirens from the police station across the street). Especially large buses up and down 42nd street all hours - many going to the convention center located down by the water.The room had beds as hard as rocks and thread bare sheets/towels. The room was cleaned shortly after we arrived but not to my standards. There was still several hairs to be seen all over towels, floor, tub, etc. Both the tub and the sink did not drain properly. The hot/cold in the shower/tub was just that - either hot or cold - no warm! We learned to quickly shower as there were no other rooms available in the city due to conventions. Otherwise we would have moved! Our room smelled of Raid insect spray, the hallway was never airconditioned, the elevator lights did not light up and you often had to wait. The pool is a nice size but don't count on the lifeguard there who sleeps while on duty! The hotel was full of European travellers (not a negative, just a fact). This hotel is NOT in a tourist area. It is 3 blocks from Times Square - 3 LONG blocks equivalent to 9 or so of the short blocks. I agree it is not that safe of an area after dark. There is a Food Emporium grocery store 1/2 a block up which was good for quick snacks/necessities. We did try the Theatre Row Diner about a block up once for dinner. It was reasonably priced by NY standards but the food was adequate at best.We requested late checkout and was denied. The lady in the gift shop (size of a small closet) was nice. Taxi's are difficult to obtain in front of the hotel but the city bus (M42) does stop right in front.This is not a &quot;nice&quot; hotel by any means, but would be better than sleeping in the airport! We paid $50.00 MORE for this hotel than our first 4 nights at the Hilton New York. Which of course is many moons nicer/cleaner/noise free/comfortable/better located than the Travel Inn. I would not dream of staying at this hotel ever again ... for ANY reason.	
Jul 11 2006	Travel Inn may be clean but not so o.k......	I am a 37 year old woman, who stayed at the Travel Inn between 6/28 and 7/1/06 with my 9 year old daughter and 14 year old daughter. The hotel was very clean, but that is as far as I care to compliment this hotel. Upon check in, we arrived at 1pm (check in is 3pm), and were told our room was not ready, which is fine, but we just arrived from the airport, and had luggage. Instead of offering the small security room which is located in front of the parking garage (I did not realize it was there until check out), I was told to just put our luggage in our room. Not a good idea, since when we got to our room, it was still a mess from the last occupants, and the door was wide open. I also did not find the location to be that safe at night, especially being a lone woman with 2 children, coming back from the theater and dinner at midnight, having to pass not so child friendly streets. The halls always seemed deserted, and had a wait for the elevator. I would not recommend this hotel if traveling with children, especially small children, as the walk from Time Square tires them easily, feeling of uneasiness, as it is situated away from the hustle and bustle, and in a kind of desolate area. Maybe a good value for couples, as the room was cheap, clean, and if you drive in, parking free.	
Jul 8 2006	Great Time at the Travel Inn	My son, his girlfriend and I spent 6 nights at the Travel Inn in June and had a great time there. This was the second time I've stayed here and it was even better than my first stay. Our room was right on 42nd st. across from the police station. I was concerned about noise, but it wasn't an issue. Our air conditioning worked really well and was very quite. I had stayed in the back of the hotel last year but I think this unit was nicer than the one we had last year (and we were very happy with that one). The hotel is only a few blocks from Time Square and from there you can catch the subway to go just about anywhere. I recommend this hotel because it's reasonably priced (for New York), the rooms are fairly nice, they're clean and it's close to everything you want to do or see in New York. And by the way, If you have never been to New York and you are just trying to decide wheather or not to go-just go. New York can be intimidating, but everyone that Ive ever talked to about going to New York has loved it and couldn't get enough of it.	
Jul 3 2006	New York in June	We stayed at this hotel with our 14yro daughter and 10yro son after it was recommended to us by our trqvel agent. The hotel was basic but was kept clean and tidy - after all in New York you are only looking for a place to sleep!. The location was great just 10mins walk from Times Square. The hotel staff were helpful and friendly, they sorted out our transport back to the airport without any prblems. I had read a few reviews on this hotel that mentioned the noise at the front of the building, we didn't find this a problem. The area felt safe and was extremely convenient. We would definatey stay there again. We would definately recommend the Trollies Diner a couple of blocks aways in the direction of TImes Square the food from there was great and the steff very helpful.	
Jun 28 2006	Good place to stay	I I booked the Travel Inn based on price and other reviews, then I worried if my two teens and husband would approve. We spent 5 days, the four of us in a double room and it was fine. The room was clean and comfortable, bathroom a little small, and we could have used more a/c at night, but overall for the price it was great. The staff was friendly, the location was good, an easy walk to Times Square and Theaters, lots of restuarants nearby. The neighborhood was &quot;okay&quot;. We never felt safety was an issue. We had a great experience and I recommend this hotel , it's nothing fancy, but a great find for budget minded travelers.	
Jun 28 2006	GREAT and AFFORDABLE hotel but not the best.	Our duration at the Travel Inn was from June 18th until June 27th. There is a gift shop at the hotel, but it is only open from 7am to 4pm everyday. Next to the free parking garage, there is a deli located next to the hotel. The food isn't the best, but it does fill you up. The room was very clean when we first entered the room, even though we got to the hotel earlier than the 2pm check-in. The bathroom was very clean, and we had a view of 42nd Street and the NYPD station across the street. The noise at night, which was just a few ambulance and police sirens, didn't bother us at all. We were disappointed when we found out that the pool only operates between 11am and 7pm. We assumed that it was going to close at 10pm. You are about a 5 to 10 minute walk to the heart of Times Square. Hotel staff quickly check you in and out. Very convenient. I would stay at this hotel again, but if this hotel was in the heart of Times Square, it would cost a lot more than what we paid.	
Jun 22 2006	Definitely stay here - but bring a pillow!	Excellent place to stay. Easy to get to, right off the Lincoln Tunnel. Close to everything in New York. VERY VERY Clean. Service was FAST. Check in was a breeze, he nearly had our check in complete before my husband could finish giving his name! Remember to ask for a quiet room. I did and we got a room overlooking the pool. Absolutely no problem with any street noise. The pool looked very clean and would have been wonderful on a hot day. When we were there it was about 70 degrees and very windy, so we didn't use the pool. Rooms were clean, bathroom was clean, hallways were clean. Free parking was the best. It is self parking - which we like. We have a Lincoln Towncar, and have had other NYC places park our car - only to find a scratch that wasn't there before. Places just don't care that much about parking. So my husband parked the car and no worries. Staff is right inside the garage. We were NOT worried about leaving our car. We will definitely stay there again - you can't beat it for the price and cleanliness! OK - as for bringing your own pillow - We had four people staying in the room. We had four pillows. Most of us liked to sleep with more than one pillow. My husband has a neck problem so has to have 3 pillows. We called the desk for an extra pillow for each and were told that we had enough pillows. No extra, one per person. Well, they did come up with two extra pillows for us. I was good - I brought my own pillow!!! My travelmates were laughing at me for doing so when we left home - but they weren't laughing at the hotel. So remember for your visit to New York City - stay at the Travel Inn Manhattan!!!!	
Jun 13 2006	wonderfull stay great place friendly peolpe {just fantastic}	Hi this is the Mcarthur family from salford in manchester we recently stayed in this hotel in may and june 2006.The room was fantastic the pool was great i asked for a view of the city wat a view i got.the people where so friendly it was unberlieable.the parkin is free the lifts work the rooms are nice big clean what more could you ask for .You are a ten miniute walk from everthing you want.It was a pleasure to stay there and from me and my family i would like to thank all the people who are involved in the running of the hotel&gt;I Would they there anytime .MANY THANKS.	
Jun 12 2006	Great Place	I stayed at the Travel Inn for 3 nights June 6-9. There is nothing wrong with this place. The room was very clean. I didnt see not one bug. The bathroom is a little on the small side but who cares, it looks newly remodeled. Yeah, the beds are firm but I have occasional back problems and my daughter does as well and these beds did not bother us. Although we had some rainy days when we were there the pool was filled and looked great. I wish it didnt rain so much so we could have used it some. There was nothing at all wrong with the a/c in our room. It worked just fine. Was actually pretty cool when we kept it running. We had a room facing the pool. Nice and quiet at night. Vending machines and ice were on the 3rd floor where our room was. The deli outside is reasonable and great for morning coffee. Open til about 8pm. The deli down the street had some good food and also reasonable prices. Times Sq. and the subway are about 3 blocks down. We also felt safe in this area. Go for this hotel! You cant beat the price for nice clean accomodations in NYC. We will return!!!!	
Jun 9 2006	Great place to stay	My husband and I just returned from a 2 night stay at the Travel Inn and we very pleased with our room. Everything was very clean and the pool was filled and a pleasant way to end a day of shopping.FREE PARKING was a great bonus!!The Deli next door was great and served a nice breakfast and lunch.The desk staff was most unpleasant and did not offer any help with questions regarding the area.	
May 31 2006	Great Value for the Location	My wife and I stayed at the Travel Inn from May 8-11. It is located in a rather quiet neighborhood (for New York!), about a 15 minute walk from Times Square. My wife and I felt very safe in the neighborhood, though there are many transients in the area (the bus depot is nearby, as well as a &quot;home&quot; for transients). The rooms are sparse, but pleasantly decorated. The bed was rather hard, but after walking all day, sleep was not a problem. We found the hotel staff to be very pleasant and helpful.The hotel rates are a bargain for the location; and since we drove down from Boston, the free parking was a HUGE advantage.I would definitely stay there again, and recommend the hotel to budget conscious travellers who want to be close to all of the action.	
May 31 2006	Great place to stay for NYC visit	We stayed at the Travel Inn, NYC for two nights over Memorial Day weekend. We were very lucky to get a room on the top floor, facing 42nd street, with a fabulous view of the Empire State Building.We arrived in NYC at 8:30am and so we dropped our bags in their security room and went out for the day. When we came back to check-in at 2:30pm we had no problem. The room was fine - not glamourous, but definitely value for money. The only disappointment was that there were no coffee-making facilities in the room.We were surprised that the street noise didn't affect us much but I guess that was because we were on the top floor. The air conditioning was very effective, if a little noisy. The diner next door was great for breakfast both mornings and we felt perfectly safe returning to our room each night between 10:30pm and midnight.We had caught the ferry across from Weehawken and so picked up a free shuttle bus to a bus stop across from the hotel when arriving, and simply walked back to the ferry terminal when we checked-out. So convenient!This was a great place to stay - so close to everything! Would definitely stay here next time we visit NYC.	
May 24 2006	Clean convenient and safe	We stayed at the Travel Inn from 8th to 15th May 2006 following recommendations on this website. It was all true - very convenient within walking distance of all the main attractions and even an aircraft carrier (USS Intrepid) Museum at the end of the street - not many hotels can boast that! A friend advised me that this was an unsafe area, but we felt completely safe, especially with the police station right opposite! We had problems with the wash basin plug and the lift got stuck on one occasion, but staff were instantly on to fix these issue. Room was extremely clean and smartly decorated. We had a room at the back of the hotel, which had its pluses and minuses. It overlooked a run-down area and the railway, but trains were not very frequent and it was quieter than being at the front.Disappointed the pool was not filled by mid-May, but weather was not really good enough anyway. Couldn't make a local phone call from the room without opening an account and paying a $25.00 deposit - bizarre and inconvenient, so had to use a call box.Would definately stay there again, however.	
May 19 2006	Could not have found a better location	We were 3 ladies , first time in New York and not quite sure what to expect . First impressions were not too impressive especially when we saw the view from our window of the railway track but apart from the front desk people who could have been alot more friendly and the pool being empty(it was 80 degrees during the day) we would definately stay there again. We were very impressed about the cleanliness of the rooms and although it was on the doorstep of Times Square it was reasonably quiet at night and felt very safe. Deli next door was so convenient , reasonable &amp; great food, wonderful breakfasts to keep you going for the day. Not quite 10 out of 10 but wonderful value and definately worth a second stay.	
May 16 2006	What a find!	I thought we were lucky - booked early enough for a very good price at a terrifice location! But it was better than that. What a great hotel! Not only great price and location (off the Lincoln tunnel AND Penn Station in the center of everything!), but FREE parking, pool (ok, so it wasn't filled but it's only May), weight room, room service (didn't try it) and side restaurant (low prices), TV with movies, gameboy, and internet. Wireless connection. Yes an ice machine :-) And some of the most accomodating staff you'll ever meet! Went with spouse/friends for shopping and hanging out. Have already started to arrange family trip, and will defintely be going back with just spouse! Thought about not posting info so I could keep it for myself, but the hotel was just too good not to share!	
May 14 2006	Nothing fancy but we'd stay there again	I wanted an affordable, clean, spacious hotel that was within walking distance to Times Square for a weekend trip with my mother and sister. Once again I looked to Trip Advisor for assistance with finding a hotel. Based on the room rates, location and reviews I read, I chose the Travel Inn Hotel on West 42nd Street. Overall, we were satisfied with this hotel. It was nothing fancy for sure, but it was clean, roomy and didn't break the bank. There is a pool there but at the time of our stay, there was no water in the pool. The staff could have been a bit cheerier and the beds were a little on the hard side but we really had no complaints. I would stay there again.	
May 12 2006	Perfect Hotel/Price	We stayed here for 1 night on May 5th...had dinner at Carmines 44th- about 5 few blocks to walk. Very easy to get to if driving there - just outside the Lincoln Tunnel. I wouldn't say it was a luxury NYC hotel. Very Clean ... ammenities were basic. They do have a deli/cafe attached to the hotel for sandwiches, sodas, beer. If you do drive, you pull into the hotel bldg and park your own car in the parking garage. Parking is Included - a nice plus. Overall, this was a great find for the $$$. Very centrally located. Pool opens Memorial day - very large pool/pool area.	
Apr 28 2006	As described! Excellent hotel	Stayed there from the 19th to th23rd of April.... Hotel is excellent, great location, near everything, great price, helpful staff, very clean. It was an excellent experience. Yes, the room was hot, b/c the AC was not working, but we slept fine. Didn't hear any noise, and my room was facing 42nd St.Overall, an awesome experience. No questions I will stay there again next time in NYC.	
Apr 22 2006	April 17-21	I was really curious after reading the review here...so mixed! But a friend of mine recommended this hotel so the $125 price (booked at their website as others have mentioned) and the free parking sold me. We stayed 4 nights from 4/17 to 4/21. Our room was on the third floor which was right above street level and faced 42nd avenue. All the hotel employees were nice, the room was clean but whoa....it was HOT. I asked the housekeeper about it and she said the AC had not been turned on. The only thing you can adjust in the room is a fan. It was near 80 degrees outside during the day but even at night the room was hot. Not a little hot...sleepig on top of the bed, not under the covers and still waking up sweating, hot! Also I couldn't leave the window open because the noise from the street below and the building across the street is non-stop...and I am not fussy about noise- I work nights and sleep days while the whole neighborhood is leaf-blowing and mowing their lawns and kids are playing- so when I say noisy I mean it. I actually got up and got a video clip of the garbage truck emptying something like 7 dumpsters at some ungodly hour of the morning because I wanted to be able to make people howl with laughter at how crazy it was!It's true that the toilet seat was loose, there was no fan in the bathroom, the shower temp varied by what other people were doing...heating up and cooling down, the mattresses were firm.... but all in all the room was totally acceptable. If not for the AC issue I could tolerate even the noise and recommend it. The deli next door was the best buy around. It was a quick jaunt to the subway or bus...eveything stops in Times Square it seems. I never felt unsafe...the neighborhood seemed to get a litte rundown right at 10th street but it seemed there were a lot of policemen on the block always coming and going from the station across the street. If you really want to drive to NYC and take advantage of free parking and good locaion....call ahead to make sure the AC is on and ask for a room in the back. For the same reason I would check back in here in the winter to see if the heat is on and where the warm rooms are!!!!	
Apr 18 2006	Very Relaxing Stay	My husband, our 2 children (10 year old daughter and 1 year old son) and I visited the week of the 10th of April during our daughter's Spring break from school to visit my uncle who lives in New York.We had an excellent stay in the BIG APPLE. The weather was GREAT and having an uncle there REALLY helped. We hit all the MAJOR sites along with some places my uncle took us to that we didn't even think of. We got to see EVERYTHING we wanted to see and didn't have to pay for tours. My uncle took us everywhere. We used the bus and the subway and of course did some MAJOR walking....(smile) If you have to choose between subway and bus....of course subway is MUCH faster and we never waited more than 5 minutes for one to come. A MUST SEE IS GROUND ZERO...you don't really FULLY understand the magnitude of what happened until you see it in person.Our room was very comfortable and very clean and faced 42nd Street. The front desk staff was friendly and helpful and the young lady in the gift shop was also very nice. The free parking can't be beat. We found a spot right near the elevator which was great. There was a vending and ice machine on our floor. The cleaning staff and office staff was nice (Our room was near the executive offices on the 3rd floor). You would think that there would be a lot of noise being by the office, but it was very quiet.As everyone else has stated......the Diner next door is good for breakfast and the Theatre Row Diner a block up was good, too. The Food Emporium (grocery store) stays open until Midnight....we even ate at Burger King. If you can't find it in NEW YORK, then it just can't be found!!!!!WE WILL DEFINITELY BE STAYING THERE AGAIN!!!!	
Apr 16 2006	Hotel was great	We stayed in this hotel from April 9th for 5 nights, and cannot fault it. Staff were friendly and approachable nothing was too much trouble for them. We could not figure out the door lock and wanted more pillows and on both occastions the matters were instantly dealt with. It was very clean both the room and hotel in general, gym facilities were good and always accessable. An excellent location just 5 minutes from Times square and centeral to a hoast of other attractions and sights. For breakfast or any meal there is a very good Deli literally outside the hotel making it very handy first thing in the moring!! We loved every minute of the holiday and would definatly stay at this hotel again and reccomend it to anyone wanted to see New York. The hotel also has a garage and very good gift shop where you can get tickets for a whole range of attractions.	
Apr 5 2006	Central Location	Stayed at the Travel Inn for 4 nights in March. We were a bit concerned because we weren't sure how far it would be from transport/attractions etc. We didn't have any problems though because the hotel is a five minute walk from the Port Authority Bus Terminal (where the shuttle bus from the airport stops). It was also a 10 minute stroll to the Times Square/42nd Street subway station from which most trains ran. We never had to take a taxi anywhere, we either walked from the hotel or caught the subway.The hotel itself was basic, but good. The hotel staff were ok and the rooms were very clean. We booked a room with 2 double beds (there were only 2 of us), so we would have some room to move. The bathroom was clean but the toilet cistern was just about clinging on - one push and it was have toppled; and the bathroom door was off its hinges at the bottom. The room costs us less than 100 per night, so for the price and location - it would be hard to beat this hotel.There was a great diner, deli, grocery store, pharmacy and Starbucks a few doors away from the hotel. The noise from the traffic was quite loud, but that's to be expected and you just take a pair of ear plugs with you. The area felt very safe, in fact it felt safer in the evening because it was busier than in the day. In all a good hotel in a good location - we'll definitely stay there again on our next visit to New York.	
Apr 4 2006	Great Hotel Overall	My daughter and I spent a week at this hotel, driving up from Orlando, Florida to be tourists in New York during her spring break from high school. We chose it because of the many positive reviews on this website and we were very pleased with it overall. The location is great, easy walking distance to Times Square, we actually walked just about every where we went, Central Park, the Empire State Building, Rockefeller Center - we even walked to the Guggenheim Museum but I don't recommend that, it turned out to be a lot further away than we estimated! The hotel was very clean, the staff extremely friendly, always ready to help or advise. That it has secure, free parking is a definate plus considering what the public garages charge for parking. Our room was very nice, the bathroom was excellent, there was plenty of room to put everything and being two women, we had a lot of &quot;stuff&quot;! I had to work while there, happily the room had a desk that was the right height and a comfy chair, with wireless connectivity available for my computer a bargain at, what $5.95 a day I think it was. There were only three things I wished that were different - and the first is ..... a bigger tv! The tv was very small and hard for my old eyes to watch from the bed, even when it was pulled out. Secondly, the room was very hot, we had to keep the window open all the time and sometimes even prop the door open to get the room cooled down. The hotel staff were wonderful though about explaining the reason (building heated by one main boiler so heat is maintained at an even temperature in all rooms and although the unit in our room was turned &quot;off&quot; by us, heat was still leaking through) Lastly, the fact that you had to call and pay each day for a code to keep the wireless on for the computer, I wished I could have just paid for the week obviously! But considering the overall experience of the hotel and it's staff, these were minor annoyances, believe me. We would definately stay there again!	
Mar 30 2006	Great Value Great Location	3 of us shared a room here for 9 nights at the end of March 2006 &amp; we had no complaints. Room service was excellent and were made up and cleaned thoroughly every day of our stay. Sheets were changed at least twice and nothing was missed. Fresh soap, mini shampoos etc were replaced every day. Housekeeping staff were very friendly and helpful. Front office staff were a bit aloof and I feel they could be a little bit more helpful at times. The location was great and convenient to all attractions, taxis are everywhere and most drivers are more than helpful to visitors. The theater diner up the street was great as was the little diner right next door to the Travel Inn. All in all I would reccommend the hotel as good, clean, convenient &amp; great value for money.	
Mar 28 2006	A good hotel and very convenient for a short stay	We stayed here for a short 3 night break in the run up to Christmas. We found the hotel very convenient and comfortable (although we did feel one of the rooms had been smoked in and we requested 2 non-smoking rooms). Both our rooms faced 42nd street and the police station and we had no problems with the noise keeping us awake at night. There is a lovely view of the empire state from these bedrooms which looks great when lit up at night.It was a pleasant walk to all the major tourist attractions and the hotel gift shop were on hand to give advice on what to do and when (we saved ourselves about two hours queing for the empire state by booking our tickets here!)There is a deli accross the road which provides good food and a very nice breakfast.If you are planning a short trip and require a good, reasonably priced hotel this is a good choice.	
Mar 27 2006	excellent travel inn	we have been staying at the travel inn 42nd street for the past 6 years and always exceptional value for money very clean very good position if your going and looking for a quality hotel you have got to try the travel inn you will pleased you did our son lives and works in ct USA is a regular visitor to the hotel , Ann &amp; Peter Young Boston ENGLAND.	
Mar 24 2006 	Ok but...non-smokers beware	We stayed here for a week and experienced the big snow storm in February (26 inches!). It's close to Times Square and the convention centre so it was very convenient for us. It's in a pretty safe location. We never had any concerns walking back late at night. We had breakfast in the deli downstairs and at the Theatre Diner one block away. Starbucks is at the end of the block and a grocery story is at the other end of the block. The room was spacious but the bathrooms are very small. I'd go as far as to say that the bathrooms are very cramped with very little counter space. The shower provides enough pressure. There wasn't enough light in the shower/tub area though...once the shower curtain as pulled, it was a bit on the dark side.Wireless access was easy to get for a fee of about $6 per 24 hour period. You have to get an access password every 24 hours from the front desk.The rooms were clean enough BUT we had specifically requested a non-smoking room. When we arrived on a Saturday at 2pm, we were told there were no more non-smoking rooms and we were given a smoking room. It reeked of smoke...everything did. They sent up an ozone air purifier for us and delivered fresh pillows to us but for the first 2 days, it was still pretty bad. By the end of the 2nd day, the room smell was ok (a combination of the air purifier and us leaving the doors and windows open when we could).So...would we stay there again? Yes...because after the room stopped stinking, it was a pretty nice hotel and you can't beat the price for that location. Just be wary of the fact that you may not get a non-smoking room if that's important to you.	
Mar 23 2006	Exceptional Value	Free Parking! Located right across from a police station! Two blocks away from the subway, one block away from Times Square. Wonderful deli downstairs/next door. Rooms are average and worth the price. Pleasant staff. It's a wonderful value and we WILL return.	
Mar 23 2006	Come back for more	Great place to stay in NY City. Rooms spacious and kept clean...staff very helpful, excellent value for money. Recommend the Deli next door for all breakfast requirements but for your evening meal would recommend Theater Row Diner just up the road for good food and large portions at a low price! Excellent Pharmacy opposite hotel get your digital photo's developed at a fraction of the UK cost!	
Mar 21 2006	Best Kept Secret in NYC	You can't beat this hotel for the price! Travelled to NYC with 2 friends for St. Patty's Day weekend. We simply wanted a place to sleep -- didn't want to spend a fortune yet wanted it to be safe and clean. With the rate we found on the internet, we went in expecting the worst and were more than pleasantly surprised. The hotel is newly remodeled and as such -- is clean and modern with average-sized hotel rooms. Location was perfect, just outside the tourist melee of Times Square but close to everything. CVS across the street, Deli next door, neighborhood grocery stores around the corner and great bars and diners within a block or two. (Theatre Row Diner on 42nd is a gem!) As three women, we always felt safe -- the NYPD presence across the street helps with that. You can't beat it! We'll definitely be back.	
Mar 16 2006	Great Value and Location	My Aunt and I drove down from Kingston, Ontario and found this hotel very easy to navigate to once we exited the Lincoln Tunnel. Beware of the NYC cab drivers! Parking is FREE! and the room rates were excellent for those who have lots of shopping to do! Only a few blocks from the glitter of Times Square. Good walking distance north to the Madison and 5th Ave shops. It is also a short distance to the shops and Macy's on 34th St. However, don't attempt both in one day! There are lots of Deli's and Starbucks in the area. Rooms were basic and clean. There is internet access for a small fee for those who like to write a letter to home. I highly recommend this hotel for the average shopper looking for a deal!	
Mar 14 2006	Perfect Small Hotel	What a Wonderful Find. We were a group of 4 Woman. This Hotel is Off 42nd street between 8th and 9th avenue.The Port Authority is across the street.The room has 2 full size beds, we call the desk around 10pm to verify if they had a pillow that was lower than the regular ones and in less than 5 minutes, the perfect pillow was in our hands.Friendly people, the little store inside the Hotel sells the tickets for all the tours you need to take.the clerk was very knowledgeable about where to shop and Go.Rooms were clean every Day,Towels and toiletries were provided,Ironing board etc.Feel free to leave all you shopping bags in the room.they have a Storage room available free of charge..so if you arrive early don't worry...lock them up and start enjoying NYC.Free parking and Pool avaliable in summer time.The deli next to the Hotel was a Marvelous find,succulent breakfast and Sandwiches.We were there the 1st week of march, it was Cold low 20's but we loved it. Will definitely stay there again.	
Mar 10 2006	well positioned	adequate, well positioned, rooms functional, reception staff didn't meet or greet on arrival or subsequent returns from trips, not even a &quot;hello&quot;, didn't feel particularly valued or welcome. Attached cafe expensive and service poor (go to Theatre Diner 50m yards away, much better service/food/prices. A basic, relatively inexpensive hotel ideal for those using it merely as a place to lay their heads.	
Feb 24 2006	Best NYC Hotel Experience for Regular Folks	This was a clean, friendly hotel with comfortable beds and spacious rooms. And free wireless and free parking!!! The shower had some force. There was room to open 3 suitcases. There was a window with adequate curtainsfor darkening the room.The location can't be beat - a few blocks from Times Sq, the Port Authority and the 7th Ave subway, and right across the street from an NYPD station!I've stayed in many places in the city that cost the same or more and I have never said I would stay there again.I will definitely stay at this hotel another time.The price was right - although it was winter rates.(They have an outdoor pool, too!)	
Feb 23 2006	Wonderful place for the budget minded traveler	My husband and I stayed at the Travel Inn for 3 nights. We were very satisfied. The room was clean, newly remodeled and certainly big enough for the 2 of us. The bathroom was small but had all the necessities including hot water which can be a problem at some NY hotels. The staff were always helpful and friendly. We had breakfast every day at the deli next door and lunch there once. The deli location was convenient, food was good and reasonably priced and the staff were friendly. Will definitely stay there again.	
Feb 21 2006	Great value for money	My daughter and I decided to stop off in New York for 2 nights to finish off a caribbean cruise, as we had to fly back to London via JFK from Miami. It was our first time in New York and we fell in love with the city and plan to go back this December for a week. The Travel Inn was everything you want for a city hotel. It was clean, friendly and safe and the staff were all more than helpful. It is a 5 minute walk from Broadway and 10 minute walk from Time Square and Maceys. It was lovely going at Christmas, as all the decorations, the ice rink and market in Time Square and the father christmases on the streets all made it magical. We were a bit concerned being two &quot;girls&quot; on our own, but we did feel safe. The hotel is right opposite New York Police Department and we had a lovely view of the Empire State Building which was illuminated at night. The hotel is only two blocks from the harbour, where you can get cruises around the statue of liberty. There is also a supermarket and deli 1 block away, so everything you need right on your doorstep. We were so tired after two days of hard shopping and sightseeing, that we didn't have the energy to go out again, so ordered room service. They've got quite a good choice of menu and it is delivered from the deli one block down, and both nights we weren't disappointed at all with the quality, amount or price we paid. There is also a deli right next door which is ideal for breakfast. All in all, an ideal hotel, in a good position and friendly, clean and comfortable. One slight downpoint though. Just beware if you book a chaffeur driven limo to the airport. I don't know if it was because we were two women on our own, but we were told that the price of $75 was a flat rate and included everything, including tolls and tips (and it states this in the literature in the hotel), but when we got to the airport he tried to charge us extra on top for the tolls. I was going to give him a good tip (gratuity), because the traffic was really bad and he seemed fed up, but because he tried to rip us off I didn't bother, so he missed out. The tip would have been a lot more than the extra he charged us. Apart from this, New York is wonderful, the people are lovely and we just loved it - roll on December 2006 when we go back again.	
Feb 6 2006	The best value for your money in NYC	Second time I've been to this hotel. My bf and I loved it. Near all the attractions yet not too loud, clean and affordable, could not ask for anything more. Maid service is great, staff is helpful and the breakfast place next store is good and nicely priced. I don't think I'll ever go to another hotel in New York, stayed 4 nites and paid 105$ a nite, amazing deal! Will be back this summer for sure!	
Feb 1 2006	Great time	We spent three nights at the Travel Inn in early Dec 2005. We found it to be a very comfortable, clean and good value hotel.The bedrooms were much bigger than we anticipatd. It is very convenient for sightseeing in New York. We can recommend the Deli next door for breakfast.	
Jan 26 2006	Great Value	Stayed for 5 nights in the Travel Inn on 42nd St and would definitely recommend it. The rooms are very large and it is great value. Location is pretty good and it is quite quiet (ask for a room facing onto the pool). Staff are very helpful and friendly as well.	
Jan 24 2006	loved the service	I stayed at this hotel with 7 other family members, we were not dissapointed.Location was excellent, reservationists very helpful and staff very accomodating.Clean, great service and the rooms were a nice size. Beds were very comfortable and staff had no problem providing us with extra pillows. The diner down stairs is awesome, food is great service is outstanding, I will definately return.	
Jan 22 2006	Very good - would stay again	The Travel Inn is basically a chain hotel, so didn't blow me away, but was perfectly adequate. The room was clean and tidy and a good size, with a very welcome and useful complimentary copy of Time Out New York. A vending machine for cold drinks and snacks and an ice machine were just down the hall, and there is a small shop in the lobby selling snacks and camera film. Breakfast can be had from the diner next door, where the staff are very friendly and helpful, and the food is delicious. (Police officers from the police station across the street are often seen in there!) The hotel is only a short walk from the Port Authority Bus Terminal and subway station, and the Empire State Building can be seen from the front door. I had no complaints at all while staying there.	
Jan 12 2006	We Keep Coming Back	We have been staying at the the Travel Inn for several years, over Thanksgiving and other weekends. It is clean, the price is right, it meets all basic needs. Even when we thought we would splurge for my 50th birthday and find another place to stay...we decided to come back to the Travel Inn. We are looking forward to the hotel, neighborhood, and good times.Don't be afraid to try this hotel. Free parking is a wonderful perk, the diner next door is fine, and the Theatre Diner up the street is good. Check out Cascina, our favorite Italian restaurant @ 9th and 45th.	
Jan 7 2006	Very nice for the price	We were visiting my sister in law in Washington DC for Christmas and had pre booked the Travel Inn so we could experience the sights and fun of New York at Christmas time. We were driving up from Washington so the free car parking was my initial reason for booking this hotel as well as the comments on this web site. We arrived 19 Dec 2005 and left 21 Dec 2005. I was not disappointed  for the price I paid it was an excellent choice. As others have said how long do you spend in your hotel room in New York? The room we had was well furnished and clean. None smoking room and there was no smell that it had ever been smoked in. The beds were quite firm and the sheets and covers were all clean and crisp. I am quite fussy regarding cleanliness and I was quite happy with our room, the hotel reception, corridors and lifts. Our room was above reception and the street noise was not too bad apart from being woken up at 3am on our last night by New York fire department attending a fire in the subway which runs below the hotel. From our room we could see the Empire State building - nice at night with its holiday lighting. We arrived late morning before check in time but were allowed to park the car in the secure indoor car park so we could start exploring. The hotel also let us leave our car up until 5pm after we had checked out allowing extra time for sight seeing. The underground went on strike the day after we arrived but we still managed to see everything we wanted as the hotel is well situated being only 5-10 minutes from Times Square. Never felt threatened in the streets and side streets around the hotel. All in all I would definitely book this hotel again.	
Jan 4 2006	Great older hotel!!!	We stayed at this hotel October 11-16, 2005. The desk staff was helpful and polite - checkin and checkout was fast and easy. The cleaning staff was friendly and did a wonderful job! Our room was very neat and clean. We were on the 4th floor and faced the police station, but we didn't notice much street noise. Great price - $125 per night booked online in advance - hard to get that price any place - but especially in NYC! There's also a free parking garage, which added even more value to the hotel for us (we drove from Oklahoma and it would have cost us at least $50 per day to park our car). Rooms may be small by some standards, but we were very comfortable. Showers worked fine and were very clean! While this hotel may be a bit older, we thought it was great! Close enough to get to Times Square and subway stations! (We also like the deli right next store, even if some consider it to be a hole-in-the wall. Good, basic sandwiches - and a wonderful hot breakfast!) Will definitely stay at the Travel Inn again!	
Jan 2 2006	Simple Comfortable Affordable Great	Stayed here for 4 nights over the Christmas period. Booked over the internet and check in was simple. The rooms are just the right size, clean and comfortable. The decor was ok but who goes to New York to look at the the room decor..I don't. Basically the staff was helpful and polite. Even the cleaners helped us get in our room when our hands were full with shopping bags. We didn't use the deli next door but used the Starbucks 5 minutes walk away and the Theatre Diner. The breakfasts in there were great and everyone was friendly. The location I thought was superb, 10 mins walk from Times Square, and easy points to get a cab. This trip was a Christmas suprise for the girlfriend and I did propose to her during this visit. We could not fault anything. Our room was at the back with a railway line under us but only heard 1 train. We had earplugs to help us sleep but the exhaustion from shopping and sightseeing soon kicked in. You could hear noise, but hey it's New York. We had no complaints and would definatley stay here again. I cannot see what reasons people have to complain about this hotel. Well done Travel Inn	
Dec 22 2005	Simple but clean and functional	Found this hotel as we had no reservation for a room in NYC, we only stayed 1 night , Dec 12, they even gave us the room at 10:30 am and we where able to use it. Very clean and just fine for 1 night, rooms are old but pretty big for NYC standards, the parking is free for clients which is great and rare in Manhattan.It was just fine for the price, 125.00 USD , met lots of tourists in the hotel, from UK, Ireland and Netherlands. Good location.	
Dec 20 2005	Great location and Brilliant Value	Stayed here for 5 nights while on holiday in NYC.Brilliant location about 10 mins walk from Times Square. This is a basic hotel but excellent value. For $175 a night we had a large double double bedroom with a good sized bathroom. The decor is a mix of styles and in some areas it clearly looks a little worn but it is scrupulously clean and everything worked perfectly. Our room was to the front on the 6th floor facing 42nd Street. It was moderately noisy but not so bad that it disturbed us or stopped us sleeping at all. While we were there temperatures dropped to minus 7 degrees outside with snow and ice but the room was always warm without being stuffy. There is no restaurant in the hotel. There is a diner next door but it looked very seedy and down at heel. However, around 200m away is the Theatre Diner which was excellent and hotel guests get a 10% discount at lunch and dinner there.Above all, what made this place so great was the staff. They were very friendly and helpful at every stage and seemed very professional. The lady who runs the Tourist Kiosk is a delight - a real gem - very helpful and knowledgeable with sound advice and no sales pressure.Great stay. Great little hotel in ideal spot. I would use it again tomorrow.	
Dec 17 2005	Great deal fantastic location	We were four (3 adults and a teenager), stayed for a week and decided to book this hotel after reading several reviews on NYC hotels of this site. We were given a room where we wanted (5th floor, pool's view), it was clean and proper, altough the space for four was a bit tight.Neighbourhood close to main attractions of NYC by foot or bus/metro, a few blocks from Times Square, Theater District, Empire State Building, Port Authority (buses) and Hudson River (NYC boat cruises).Much better than the ordinary Deli next door, walk some more meters on the same sidewalk and you'll find &quot;Starwich&quot;, where you can eat superb sandwiches, have a chat with Mike (one of the owners) and relax in a very cosy and friendly ambiance. It's a must if you want a quality breakfast or a light meal!The only negative thing on the hotel: main desk male service is unhelpful and room cleaning ladies (of the 5th) are somehow rude.	
Dec 16 2005	Thanks Giving In The Big Apple	My wife and I stayed in the travel Inn 20th-28th Nov in order to see the sights of New York, catch the Thanksgiving Parade and most importantly spend lots of money in the sales. The Hotel was just what we needed as a base to do all these things, clean and comfortable with a spacious room with 2 double beds for just the 2 of us. We were on the 4th floor above reception and had a great view of the Empire State building from our window. The Police station accross the road gives good piece of mind in a strange place and not once did we feel threatened walking aroun NYC. The decor was a bit dated and the bathroom needs a bit of tlc, but we were only there to sleep and change and it was a good value room so can't grumble. The Theatre Diner accross the road was excellent for good value food and will even deliver to your room if you don't fancy taking a trip outside, we found this very hand the day of the sales as we came back shattered after a 6am start at Macy's. The location was great just a 10 minute walk to Times Square, 15 to Macys and 20 to The Empire State so we got to see a lot of Mid Town by foot and used the subway at Times Square for the rest (much cleaner then the tube in London by the way). We are already talking about a trip to NYC next year and will definately look to book up again in the same hotel, why pay for a five star hotel when you are never going to be in it, you're better off booking a nice value hotel, and spending the saving in the shops instead	
Dec 13 2005	Simple But Great Hotel	Two 30 somethings females stayed at this hotel for 04nights from 07th Dec. Great location, less than 10minutes to Time Square and felt very safe walking to and from the hotel. Cost USD175 per night. This hotel is a no frills hotel but our room was clean, quiet and tidy at all times. The bathroom was big enough for us and had no problems with water temperature, we did shower between 0730-0830. No drinks facilities in room but great deli next door. You are able to order room service of food and drinks, tea and coffee being $1.00. If staying in NY again I would stay here and recommend to friends, just remember this is not a 5* hotel!	
Dec 13 2005	A Great Find	After travelling to New York regularly in different seasons, it was great to find this terrific hotel, especially for the super-high rate season of Christmas. The room rates are almost unbelievable compared to others in the same category and it's location is spectacular. The room was spacious, clean and comparable to ones for which I've paid twice the price. Only a few minutes walk from Times Square, the hotel is in that part of Manhatten that used to be called &quot;Hell's Kitchen&quot;. The neighborhood is undergoing a big change and now has great new bars and restaurants scattered around. The little deli that's part of the hotel is good for breakfast, but you're only minutes from the Theatre District and all of it's famous restaurants. Being right on 42nd St - you're 2 blocks from the closest subway stop and the cross-town bus M42 stops right outside the door.Another thing that's great about the location is that there are few tall buildings around the hotel so you can actually have a magnificent of the Empire State Building from your room. I'm almost loath to recommend the hotel on the risk of it becoming too popular and prices going up. But if it hadn't been for Trip Advisor reviews we never would have stayed there. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Dec 11 2005	Good basic hotel.	The hotel is basic but clean and the beds were very comfortable. It is easy to walk to Times Sq and lots of places to eat within 5 mins walk. There are no tea or coffee making facilities and the plumbing is very noisy especially at night.	
Dec 6 2005	Spotless!	This is a spotless hotel with free parking and in and out privileges...can't find another one like it in the city. Certainly not fancy...but clean and in a good location.	
Dec 3 2005	Be Ready for the Good and the Bad	I recently stayed at the Travel Inn along with another couple the weekend of Nov.19,2005. I have stayed here many times although I feel the real reason I stay here is the price rather than the quality of the hotel. They do offer free parking which is a plus, but I decided that I can no longer overlook the other areas that leave me a bit miffed.I had booked two non-smoking rooms and called a couple of days before to request that the rooms be located in the back of the hotel because if you get stuck facing 42nd Street, it's just as noisy as if you slept right on the sidewalk. When we arrived, our rooms were in the back, but they were smoking rooms. The desk said that when I called, they just gave me two rooms in the back without accomodating the non smoking request. I don't know why they simply didn't tell me if things were not going to be the same. So there we were on 42nd Street. The noise level is unbelievable at night. Right across from the Manhattan South police station. The garbage trucks backup alarms will wake you right up.You can't regulate the heat/AC in any of the rooms, just the fan speed. If you open your window because of it, the noise level is phenominal. The double/double rooms have received new matresses which are the hardest I have ever slept in. I have had to bring one of those foam pads with me to soften the feel in the past. The bathrooms are nice but very small, and the last several times I was there put up with mildew on the walls, and between the shower glass sliders. The rooms are a decent size. If you take a shower between 8-9:30am when the hotel is full, there is a great chance you will get stone cold water and the front desk (what else can they say) will tell you that a boiler is out. They have told me this on three different occasions. One time when I turned on the faucet for the bath, all that came out was rusty water, and I had to debate the head housekeeper for a new room. I suppose the straw that broke a camel's back was what happened to my friends down the hall. On our last night (Sunday) the hotel had plenty of rooms available. My friends wife was feeling ill and the toilet got plugged about 2AM in the morning. When she called to ask if they would send someone up, they didn't and would not even offer her another room to use the bathroom. Very ill, awake and angry, my friend and his wife left the hotel to find another bathroom somewhere in NYC at 2AM, and decided afterwards to simply leave and drive home. Not knowing this and calling them about 9AM to see where they might be on the road, they told me they were only about 5 miles from their homes (400 mile trip). Then the story came out. I decided to tell once and for all my experiences and to share theirs, so you may not be surprised if things don't work out if you visit there.I guess the reason I used to put up with all of this is not only did they have free parking, but their rates were quite low a few years back ($109-$139). For this weekend,we averaged $165 per night as NYC hotels have been getting higher rates, especially this year. Well, even though free parking is a plus, I would rather pay the $25-$30 and have a room that is not with mildew, with concrete matresses and possibly not on 42nd Street. I suppose it was easier to overlook all of this when the price was very reasonable, but this hotel is no bargain anymore free parking or no free parking. The back of the hotel is like an old motel with a common walkway between rooms that looks kind of cool, but if you decide to leave your window open, it is right at walkway level and vulnerable to being entered. You certainly wouldn't want to leave it open when you sleep either. Right at walkway level.Many people chose to overlook this and give the hotel a higher rating, but I have been to NYC about 35 times now and will no longer use the Travel Inn and my back is grateful. Believe me, over the course of your trip, don't be afraid to spend an extra $25 for parking. Yes, you do not spend your vacation in a hotel especially in NYC, however do yourself a favor and over the course of your 2-3 day stay, spend the extra $100 for the parking and choose a hotel that allows you to set your own temperature, has cleaner mildew free bathrooms, and matresses that won't make your back ache in the morning. You deserve better while you saved on parking.	
Dec 2 2005	Good budget hotel in goodlocation	We stayed at the Travel Inn for 3 nights from 25 November. We made the booking several months ago and chose this hotel because it had the best reviews of the hotels in its price range. We were a bit worried afer subsequently reading some bad reviews but we had no problems with the accommodation and would stay there again as the hotel is easy to get to from the airport, our room was clean and it was just a good base from which to explore New York - the bus station and subway are all within a short walk. The deli next door is convenient but there are plenty of other places to eat as Hell's Kitchen/Restaurant Row is practically on the doorstep.	
Nov 29 2005	Ideal location for all attractions	We stayed for 5 days Nov '05 and found ourselves within 5-10 minutes walk of Times Square, from which there are many transport links to any part of the city. We walked from the hotel to Lower manhattan in around an hour (the best way to take in more of the city). The rooms are pretty basic, but all have cable TV and internet access and are clean and tidy. Anyone with a criticism of the hotel is spending too much time in their room and needs to get out and see the city!The hotel doesn,t have a restaraunt but being on 42nd street there are deli's, restaraunts, bars and everything else you could need within 5 minutes walk.Oh yes, its got an outdoor pool but not for me in November thankyou!	
Nov 17 2005	Didn't Dissapoint Us At All	We were looking for a spacious, 2 double bed room in or on the fringes of the Theatre District and the Travel Inn fit the bill. We read all the reviews posted here and they were mixed, but even booking 3 months ahead for late September we couldn't find anything elsewhere under $200. We were pleased with our choice, it is nothing fancy but the staff are pleasant and the room was clean and fairly spacious, and we thought it a good value as we compare it to other places we've stayed in the big Apple. We made good use of the free safe usage at the front desk. I thought another reviewer said a small breakfast was included which was not the case. We'd stay again.	
Nov 14 2005	good place to stay close to times square	Just checked out today from a 2 night stay.Close to times square, very easy to walk.Bed was a bit small as my feet hung off the end when laying down (and i am not tall by any means. However once curled up to sleep bed was fine.Could hear the tv from the room next door when came back for a early night (midnight).Construction going on next door which woke us up at 7.00am.Free parking which was a great saving to be had and friendly staff.would stay again if couldn't get accommodation where i wanted.	
Nov 8 2005	Great Value	Stayed at the Travel Inn for 4 nights at the beginning of November, I was pleasantly surprised with the Travel Inn I feel it gives more of a motel feel than a hotel but for myself and the group I traveled with we preferred that (seemed to give an American movie feel). I have stayed in other hotels in New York but this is the only one I would return to, the staff were extremely helpful at all times of day or night, the rooms were a great size and there were no problems with room cleanliness at all.The only issue was the building site next door being woken up at 6am every morning was not fun, but then it seemed to quite down by 6.30-7am (so time for a bit more of a nap) but saying that wherever you go in NY theres building work or street noise.In short the Travel Inn is great value for money and I would recommend it to anyone.	
Oct 26 2005	Ideal for us	We stayed a fortnight, It was ideally situated for us as family was two minutes walk away. A good supermarket on the next block about three minutes walk away and bus stop about two minutes away. Very clean large(for NY) room BUT cold and heating refused. Next visit will be before the weather cools off. The walls are not soundproof and for two nights we had noisy neighbours. The pluses outweigh trhe minuses. Good value.	
Oct 21 2005	Comme Ci Comme Ca...	Well, the good stuff is the price, and a location that is fairly close to many cool things...I could not get internet access, wireless or otherwise, which I was supposed to get...and they said they were gonna charge me for it...but they didn't in the end...the other weird thing about this place is the bathroom...they have a shower door which is normal enough...but it's a mirrored shower door...which means it reflects light...and there is no light in the vicinity of the bath tub/shower...so it's like you are taking a shower in the dark...weird huh? Well, at least it is if you like to see what you are doing in the shower...other than that the place is fine...a lot cheaper than other spots in NYC...	
Oct 18 2005	Annual Fall Mother/Daughter Trip	This boutique hotel met all our needs and the Theater District location was central to all our shopping and sightseeing. Although we came in after a red-eye flight, the staff at the front desk were thoughtful and efficient. We appreciated the early check-in and convenience of the coffee shop next door. The double bed room (5th Floor poolside) and bathroom were quite clean, with daily attentive housestaff. The room was very pleasant, and the bathroom amenities (soap, shampoo and lotion), were quite nice, with the toiletries actually being used. The 42nd St Subway/Port Authority is just two blocks up, with lots of neighborhood restaurants and bakeries, between 7th-10th Ave and 43-50th St. There is a Police Station across the street, did not hear any activity, but always felt safe. Times Square is about four blocks up and there were always plenty of cabs in the area when needed. The lady in the gift shop was very helpful, as was the gentleman who held our luggage on departure day. It was very refreshing to actually have someone from the hotel, open the hotel door for us. Unfortunately, we did not experience this type of service from our last stay, in a large chain hotel. We may not get hotel &quot;points&quot; for staying here, but the service and thoughtfulness of the staff will definitely bring us back.	
Oct 13 2005	Clean Tidy Value for Money	Recently stopped at the Travel Inn for 8 Nights. Room we were allocated was at the rear of the Hotel. It was clean tidy with no damaged fittings. Clean towels were provided every day and the room cleaned to a satisfactory standard. Only problem was noise outside, there is building going on next door and for some reason they swop over the skips at midnight. This results in a hell of a lot of noise. Apart from this it was quiet within the hotel. Re normal outside noise, New York is noisy and loud - if you want somewhere quiet then go somewhere else. Overall the hotel was perfectly acceptable. The deli downstairs is also OK, the menu is a little limited but the food is hot, eatable and served quick.Location is good - 7 to 8 minutes to Times Square and the Metro, 5 minutes to the Circle Line boats, 15 minutes to Madison Square Garden. The area feels pretty safe - 42nd street is quite busy with alot of people passing through it and has a good police presence. It obviously gets busier as you get nearer Times Square.If I was to go to NY again I would definetly consider the Travel Inn again. You get what you pay for - a clean tidy basic hotel in a great location.	
Oct 13 2005	Travel Inn NYC	My son and I went to NYC on a bus trip this past week and part of the trip was accommodations at the Travel Inn. I had read the reviews and was prepared for a budget hotel. When we arrived it had a pleasant small lobby with a gift shop. Next door was the Deli. When we got to our room on the 4th floor we were pleasantly surprised. The room was large by comparison and very clean ... no stale smell. We felt very safe and the hotel was quiet except for what was going on outside. We faced the street with the police sation across the street. The location can not be beat..... about 4 blocks from TIme Square. We felt safe walking from there after dinner. At the other end of the street is the Hudson RIver and it is 2 blocks. This is where the Grey Line Circle tours depart. A walking trail along the river. The Intrepid is docked there at the end of the street. The Deli next door suplied lunch and also breakfast very good and very reasonable for NYC. All and all a very good experience.	
Oct 4 2005	Travel Inn - Wonderful Little Hotel	My best friend and I just got back from spending four nights at the Travel Inn (September 28 to October 2). The hotel is conveniently located about 10 minutes from Times Square and was close to subway stops and the Port Authority Bus Terminal. There is also a police station right across the street. The hotel was very clean and very reasonably priced ($125/night). The staff was very friendly and the service was great. There is a little deli next door where we ate breakfast and by the time we got back to our room, it had already been cleaned. We had a wonderful experience in New York City and would definitely stay there again. Thank you Travel Inn for making our experience such a pleasant one.	
Oct 4 2005	A bargain but you get what you pay for!	My girlfriends first trip to New York and what a way to start. The room stank our best description was it was a combination of smoke and of urine. Maybe smoke isn't so bad but why give the choice of a smoking or non smoking room? Anyway by the time we had been directed to our 3rd &quot;non-smoking&quot; room (which was also stinking of smoke but less of urine) we decided that we weren't going to get any better here.We put up with this hotel and still had a great time in New York. The location of the hotel is first class and in a reasonably safe area. It isn't exactly a quiet hotel but it is NYC after all. The staff were fine and friendly as long as you didn't ask anything of them. The room was cheap but adding in the cost of cleaning all clothes afterwards that adopted the stench and the 2 cans of Febreeze we used and we'll be staying somewhere else next time. You have been warned!	
Oct 2 2005	Great inexpensive hotel	6 ladies stayed in 2 double rooms at this hotel for 2 nights before a cruise out of NYC. We had absolutely no complaints. 1 room overlooked the pool and was very quiet and the other on the 5th floor overlooked the street but we didn't find the street noise bad. Safe &amp; clean. Walking distance to everything we wanted to see. Evangaline in gift shop made arrangements for a van to take us to our cruise and saved us about $50. Unless you really want to pay &quot;big bucks&quot; for a fancy hotel, stay here. We will again.	
Sep 30 2005	Will definitely return	I took my son to New York for his 10th birthday. I didn't want to spend all my money on the hotel but since I was travelling with my son, I didn't want a flea-bag hotel. I researched the Travel Inn and thought it would fit the bill. I was prepared for a total no-frills, worn-out but safe hotel.I was pleasantly surprised with everything. The staff was very nice. The lobby was small but attractive. The free parking was great, I even left the car there for 5 hours after I checked out. The room was very clean and in great shape. We had two double beds and still had plenty of room to walk around. Our television did not work all that well but I did not call to have it fixed because my son watches enough tv at home.The location is very convenient with a subway stop just a couple blocks away. We could also walk to Times Square in about 15 minutes, maybe less if you are not walking with my son. We did take taxis at night but that was because my son was exhausted.I recommend the Natural History Museum, we never made it off of the dinosaur floor and we were there for 3 hours. Also, we had a great dinner at Blue Hill down near Washington Square. It's not really a place for a ten year old but I am a chef (I have to check out the restaurant scene) and my son is a very adventerous eater. He had the five course tasting menu and just about finished everything. He was even given a tour of the kitchen.	
Sep 29 2005	Beware: Unsanitary Conditions	Before my boyfriend and I booked our room at the Travel Inn, I read countless reviews about the hotel. A LOT of people had a ton of great things to say about the hotel so I was really looking forward to staying there. Unfortunately, the experience has been a NIGHTMARE. The staff seemed nice, but they are incredibly lazy. We checked in late and kind of looking forward to relaxing after the long plane ride there (from California). Our room was plain and it looked clean, but when we walked into the bathroom, it had a very strong smell of URINE. AND I was going to go pee, but there were dookie stains on the toilet seat and it was disgusting. I checked the shower and there was still hair on the tub and used portions of soap from the people who stayed there before us. It was GROSS. When we lifted up the covers on the bed, there was a pubic hair just lying there. I couldn't take it anymore...I called the front office and someone came in to &quot;clean&quot; the bathroom. Housekeeping you ask??? NOOOO.. at Travel Inn, the maintenance guy does the cleaning at night. He didn't even clean anything, he sprayed the bathroom with PLEDGE... a wood cleaner! and then he said, &quot;See? All clean.&quot; In my head, I was thinking oh hell no. I complained the second time and the same guy came in, with windex and he started cleaning our bathroom with a rag. A little better... BUT he used the same rag he was wiping the toilet with on the bathroom walls!!!! I couldn't believe my eyes! I was just glad I was there to see them clean because after that, I wanted to get out of that room and be placed in a different one. The management there is awful. I complained to the manager the next morning, and all he gave me was a complimentary coupon for a free drink at the Theater Row restaurant (which is horrible, by the way). What a joke. I hate to complain so much but I've never seen a room more disgusting than the one we were in. I'm never going to stay there again.By the way, the deli next door is great. That's the only good that came out of staying at that smelly hotel.	
Sep 25 2005	Highly recommended	We just spent 4 nights staying at this hotel and would thoroughly recommend it to any one staying in New York. We got a really good deal through the hotel's own website and were a bit worried about what we would be getting for such a great price, but we needn't have worried at all. The rooms were very clean and tidy. The bathroom was a little on the small side but that wasn't really a big problem. The lifts were a little bit slow but again, not a big problem. The pool area looked great but we ran out of time to use it. The location was amazingly convenient to everything and we never felt unsafe. We had breakfast every morning at the Theater Diner on the corner of 42nd and Dyer and were never disappointed. We would stay here again if we ever come back to New York.	
Sep 24 2005	Wonderful	Travel Inn was great! I was traveling with a friend, both of us young college student females. This hotel was well within our budget at $125 a night, and it was so nice to come home to a clean, air conditioned room at the end of each day. If I had had the time I wish I could have enjoyed the pool and workout room. The guys at the front desk were great as well! Recommend for anyone who isn't expecting bell hops and complimentary breakfasts, but who enjoys a good deal.	
Sep 20 2005	Great deal	Stayed here with a friend in a 2 Double bed room during a hot spell in mid- September. Very reasonable for the location. Small lobby, but rooms clean (and with an old but amazingly effective AC unit). Reception staff efficient. Had some lunch in Deli across the street but try out the Theater Diner 4 blocks up on 42nd - excellent. Hotel booked a private limo service back to JFK ($75 incl tip of $15) which was excellent but be warned - daytime traffic can mean spending an hour plus getting to JFK. Plenty to see and do about the immediate area. However there is ongoing construction right next door and hammering begins at 7am and I suggest this work will continue for some months yet. All in all a very good experience in this hotel.	
Sep 3 2005	Location Clean and Safe!	Our family of four stayed from the end of August to early Sept. We had terrrific service, a clean, good sized room and a safe place to stay. We paid $140/night and thought it was a fair price in light of the location. Our 11 year old daughter swam daily after the long hot, days in the city. We walked to the subway, harbor, theaters, etc. We'd definitely return.Thanks you Travel Inn	
Sep 2 2005	Convenient for the budget traveler	First of all, I saved considerable $$$ by booking this hotel on their own website, as opposed to booking through the better known online hotel booking sites. So first suggestion is to google this hotel's website and book directly. I traveled with spouse and two daughters for a last-minute planned trip to NYC.Hotel is inexpensive for NYC, and the parking is free, *with* in-and-out privileges (although we kept the car in the garage for the 3 days we were in NYC). This is almost unheard of in NYC, where some valet services charge $40 a day, and no in/out privilege! So, for people taking a car trip, a plus! (only be prepared to be very patient when parking your car as the spaces are quite tight and you dont want to hit a pillar or someone elses vehicle!) For a &quot;budget&quot; hotel right in Manhattan not far from Times Square, this hotel was actually quite good. The rooms are compact and clean, and the lobby is small but not shabby. The staff (front desk, housekeeping, garage, etc.) were all most helpful and polite (The elevators were rather slow, but this is a minor issue.) No, this place is not the Pierre or the Ritz or the Mandarin Oriental, some things are not &quot;perfect&quot;, but it is by and large good value for your money.Our teenage daughters used the swimming pool for about 30 mins one day, the pool is outdoors off the third floor in a rather quaint &quot;courtyard&quot; setting.... refreshing after a rather muggy morning visiting Central Park....There is no restaurant officially &quot;in&quot; the hotel, but there is a &quot;Broadway deli&quot; directly across the garage entrance from the lobby, and the breakfasts there were adequate to get you started on your day walking and riding around Manhattan. There is another good breakfast diner just East on the south side of W42nd at the corner of Dyer.Hotel is on corner of W42nd Street and 10th Ave. So Times Square (Seventh and 42nd) is 3 blocks or about 10-15 minute walk depending on the crowds. There were lots of people about, so it felt fairly safe, but one should always be vigilant when strolling in NYC anywaysThe hotel has a small souvenir store and the friendly lady there was able to book the Gray Line bus tours there, so you can avoid the hucksters waving the pamphlets in your face at every street corner. So if you are going to book the Gray Line tour, go through her, and then walk over to Eighth Avenue and a little north to W47th to the Gray Line bldg to get your ticket. We found the Eighth avenue embarcation point for the Gray Line buses handier than the crowds one block over at Times Sq.Speaking of which, Times Square was cleaned up by Rudy Giuliani, it is no longer the seedy smutty dump it was 25 years ago. Our kids (and us) particularly enjoyed the Hard Rock cafe, Virgin megastore, Toys R Us, etc... plus the Gray Line tours all leave from there. (see above paragraph).In conclusion, this hotel is not a fancy hotel to lounge around at, but if you are looking for a clean, small room, with friendly service, right in downtown Manhattan, with free parking, then I recommend the Travel Inn.	
Aug 28 2005	Brilliant Hotel and Location!!!	We stayed at this hotel from the 2nd till 9th of August this year. We loved this hotel. Our room was on the 7th floor and had a great view of the pool and also from the balcony you could see the Empire State Building,a great photo opertunity.!! The pool was great, great sun-loungers,well equiped with free towels and the gym was small but good. The rooms were large and clean. The deli next door was great for breakfast in the morning. They are very friendly waitors. The staff in the hotel were pleasent too. The hotel is with-in walking distance of Times Square and the Circle Line Cruise,also the Chrysler Building isn't that far either. The &quot;Theatre Row Diner&quot; across the road was great too, great food!! I loved Mahattan,the hotel is one we would definatly consider going back to.NY is the best place ever!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Aug 24 2005	A good deal	Our family of four stayed here Aug 7-12. We had a 4th floor room overlooking the pool. Parking was included in our rate, which was $125 a night (booked several months back in April). The hotel, and especially our room, was clean. The beds were firm and comfortable. The deli next door had good food for breakfast and was inexpensive. The Theatre Row Diner two blocks away was excellent any time of day and very, very reasonable, with an extensive menu selection. We were a short walk away from the Circle Line Cruise and about 4 blocks from the subway. The gift shop was reasonable---we bought 3 decent quality t-shirts for $10 total, and another t-shirt for $12 with an &quot;I Love NY&quot; souvenir coffee mug included in the price with the shirt. The guys parking the cars were great---the desk staff were sometimes a bit abrupt. The hotel is two, short left turns from the Lincoln Tunnel, and two short lefts and a right back on. This property was a good deal for the price, and we'd definitely book it again.	
Aug 22 2005	Great Price Great Location	We just returned from a girls weekend in NYC, where we stayed at the Travel Inn. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to be close to the action while still staying within a modest budget. We were only about 4 blocks from where the action of NYC started and we walked everywhere we went. The rooms were a little small, but they were clean. We had an excellent view of the Empire State Building from our hotel room. We also had a deli right next door that served really good &quot;NYC&quot; food where we ended up eating 2 out of the 3 days that we were there. I would definently stay there again when I come back to NYC.	
Aug 18 2005	Location and Value	We stayed at this well-located hotel for 2 weeks in June, 2005. We paid $114 per night. It was located right at the bus stop for the No. 42 Bus which runs along 42nd Street, it was just a short walk to the Circle Line Tour Ferry and it was a short walk to the Westway Diner in 9th Avenue, and TheatreRow Diner, 1 block up in 42nd Street. Instead of taking the bus, we easily walked to the Subway at Times Square. Initially, we were placed on the 3rd floor, adjacent the elevator and the soda machine and which was, also, the entrance and exit for the pool. After two nights of little sleep due to the continual noise from the elevator and guests trundling their suitcases over the tiles on the foyer floor, we asked to be relocated. This was eventually done graciously and we enjoyed the remainder of our stay in this 25-hour a day city.	
Aug 11 2005	A Great Place To stay	We stayed here 3 nights. The room was large and clean. Our room was on the 7th floor, overlooking the pool. Also had a great view of the Empire State Building! Staff was extremely helpful,especially the lady in the gift shop. She really knows New York! Location was a very big plus, along with the FREE underground secured parking area. The deli next door was also very good and reasonable. In room wireless internet access is available for $5.95/24Hrs. We had a great time visiting New York!	
Aug 9 2005	Just book it!	If you're looking for comfortable -- not 4-star -- lodging for a GREAT rate (we paid $140/night), just book this hotel and stop shopping around. Our family of 4 stayed in a &quot;double double&quot; (two full-size beds) for 3 nights during the recent heat wave. Ask for an &quot;interior&quot; room away from the street, or you'll end up dealing with the noise of the city. This place is a steal. FREE parking, clean large (by NY standards) rooms, and a great location make this a wonderful place to bunk after sightseeing. Close to Times Sq and subway. Police station across the street. Easy to get to. The pool was a blessing after sweltering in the the mid-90 degree heat all day. It closes early (around 7 pm), so plan ahead. Only complaint is the extra-firm mattresses - those babies were HARD. We asked for a couple of extra blankets to use as a mattress pad, and that helped. Desk staff was indifferent -- neither rude, nor pleasant. Do your research, if you must, then book this place. We'd do it again in a heartbeat.	
Jul 25 2005	The best deal in the Big Apple!!	We will definitely stay here again when we come to New York. The rooms were large and clean. Everyone on the staff was friendly and helpful including the front desk, parking attendants, and concierge. The chambermaids remembered our request for extra towels. All provided better than average service. The facility and amenities are excellent! We didn't use the pool, but it was large and clean. Good location for tourists, too!	
Jul 19 2005	Location Location Location	We were pleased with the size of the room, the price of the room, the neat little deli next door (great place for breakfast) and, especially, the location of the inn. We were driving in from Philadelphia and leaving there for the Berkshires. Quick in through the Lincoln Tunnel, Quick out along 12th. FREE PARKING while we were there. Great access to the shows on 44th. Our room actually faced 42nd and would have been a bit noisy -- we do, however, travel with a white sound machine just for cases like this. Knowing this, if I stayed there again, I would request one of the rooms back toward the swimming pool. Staff is friendly and helpful. Would definitely stay here if visiting New York again.	
Jul 18 2005	Great Hotel Service and Location Can't wait to return!	With all of the good reviews that this hotel had on this website, we booked through AAA with the hopes that it would just be clean and safe. Needless to say, we were completely blown away by what we found, a true treasure for people looking to visit NYC and to be close to Times Square and the theater district. The location of the hotel is perfect. Located on West 42nd street, the hotel is central to everything New York city has to offer. We saw the Lion King (also highly recommended) and was only three blocks from the theater. We were only about 5 blocks from Times Sqaure, 2 blocks from the Circle line sightseening cruises and about 8 blocks from 34th street which houses Macy's and many other large stores. If safety is a concern for you and your family you can rest assured as there is a police substation right across the street. We constantly felt a police presence and to be honest we were out and about late during our stay and never felt uncomfortable once. The hotel itself has a nice lobby with a very accommodating staff and a gift shop/tourist information center where you can get everything from souvenirs to tour and theater tickets. The room was very large compared with most Manhattan hotel rooms. We had a king sized bed, chair, desk with chair and fridge and microwave. The room was very clean. We are very concious of hotel dirt and looked and couldn't find any. The sheets were clean and crisp and the bathroom was spotless. The bed wasnt the most comfortable in the world, but after walking around NYC all day, you won't even notice. There is pay internet access in the lobby and purchasable internet access and Nintendo 64 games in the room. (Both for about $8.00 per hour). There is room service from a restaurant down the street that is a very extensive menu and free delivery. The TV service could have been better. The reception was awful and there weren't many channels, but again, with walking around Manhattan all day, you won't notice. However, that was really the only problem.We really liked this hotel and we plan on staying here for each of our annual trips to NY from now on. It is in a great location and has a great price. We paid around 140 a night before taxes which is a great price for its quality and location. Some other recommendations is you are looking for food:BB King's lounge is right down the street 3 blocks away and has a restaurant called Lucille's grill. Absolutley fantastic food.The small restaurant right next to the travel inn is a great hidden breakfast and lunch place. We ate breakfast there every morning we were in NY and it was a great sandwich place as well. The ESPN Zone in Times Square was a great restaurant as well. Try the marinara sauce, doesn't look all that appetizing but its the best we've ever had at a restaurant. Other than that, enjoy, NYC is a terrific vacation spot with something for everyone.	
Jul 17 2005	Well Pleased	Stayed here for three nights in late June-room comfortable, clean, good size-service was excellent-bath a little small-was on back overlooking pool so noise was not a problem-deli next door was great for breakfast-probably 15 minutes walking to Times Sq.-only a few blocks to subway-overall, I was very pleased and would certainly consider it again	
Jul 12 2005	Impressed with service	My daughter-in-law, granddaughter, &amp; I stayed at the Travel Inn on 42nd Street July 10-11. Was first impressed with the friendly staff, easy check in and clean room. Although the area is not the best, it was centrally located and we were able to easily access all ways of travel throughout the city. We used room service - servers were friendly and fast. Important. The pool area was clean and inviting. Upon check out we were able to leave our bags with security until our departure and we were provided transportation to the airport at a reasonable cost. All in all a great mini-vacation.	
Jul 11 2005	excellent clean and friendly!	I stayed here for 5 days in July. I highly recommend it! It is a clean, affordable hotel in a central location. It is about a 5 block walk to Times Square, 1 block from a post office, 2 blocks from Gray Line tours stop (where you can do the hop-on, hop-off double decker tourist bus tours), two blocks from the Pier where you can do the Circle Line boat tour of Manhatten. So it is a great location for any tourist. And best of all, it is ACROSS THE STREET from a police station!!! So despite the fact it is super noisy (sirens going off all the time), we felt extremely safe!!! Rooms are very nice, much nicer compared to alot of other two star hotels, beds were comfortable, the air conditioning works extremely well to the point of being cold! bathrooms are very clean and we got plenty of towels and toiletry products left every morning. the hotel even has a pool, which we unfortunately did not get around for using. there is a little gift shop that sells everything you need- beauty products, umbrellas, maps, etc. I thought all the staff were WONDERFUL. there is a GREAT deli next door, we had breakfast here every morning, there is a great selection of sandwiches etc, friendly service. There is even a grocery store (food emporium) a few blocks up.I thought this was a great deal for the price i paid (around $208/nite canadian, booked through expedia) and i don't think you will find anything quite so nice in most of manhatten for this price range.	
Jul 5 2005	10 minutes from Times Square	We found this excellent hotel via our French travel agency and we haven't been disappointed at all. its facilities are: swimming-pool (supervised by a member of staff), well-equiped gym facilities, a deli, and a delivery service. Rooms are done everyday and are air-condiionned The staff is nice. Breakfast is not included. Don't phone from your room cause I've spent 25 dollars in 2 days for a few international call. (2 minutes on a French mobile will cost you more than 5 dollars!) The hotel is situated at 515 West 42nd Street. It's 10 minutes from the subway and 15 minutes from Times Square. It's also 5 minutes from the Circle Line Cruise's departure. We would recommand this hotel as it was cheap for its comfort and quality: about 100 dollars per night for a double room which could welcome four people!	
Jul 3 2005	Just far enough off the strip...	We stayed here for five nights from June 27-July 2. Front desk was helpful and friendly. We were allowed into our room early. It faced the pool on the fifth level - could barely hear street noise. A good ten minute walk to Times Square. Room was made up, vacuumed and replenished daily - nice to come back to after a long day of touring. Rooms are average size. The Double/Double was perfect for two people. Bathroom was small, but in good condition. Shower head was tall (which is unusual and a plus for tall people) and water pressure powerful. Pool was refreshing, but had limited hours (11 - 6:50). Only complaint would be that the elevators are small and hot, fortunately there are only seven stories - so not too long of a ride. I will stay here in the future and refer all to plan to stay as well.	
Jun 30 2005	Travel Inn Hotel	Great Place.We stayed there in first weeek of May.Excellant location.Freindly people.Delli across the hotel is great.Only things beds and room are small for 4 people in the room.Will stay here again.	
Jun 21 2005	Good Deal for Manhattan	We stayed at the Travel Inn June 8th and 9th. The big plusses about this hotel are the free parking and the pool. We arrived in NYC for the two hottest days of the year so far, so the pool was a godsend  really! The location is great  walk to Time Square and Empire State building, and if using the Grayline Tours, a short walk to Grayline location. We reserved two double\doubles  one for my husband and I and one for my sister-in-law and two daughters. We requested non-smoking rooms because my 8 year old daughter has asthma and lingering cigarette smoke can be a trigger. The last thing we wanted to do was end up in an emergency room in NYC.Both rooms were comfortable, but the bathrooms a bit small. One of the rooms reeked heavily of cigarette smoke (the other room was fine). We went to the front desk to ask for a non-smoking room. They explained to us that they didnt have Non-Smoking rooms, but the maids spray something to get the smell out. We all know there is no such spray! On the way to our rooms, we noticed that some rooms had Non-Smoking Room signs on them.hmmmm. Anyway, my daughter stayed in the non-stinky room while my husband and I stayed in the stinky room. A little unpleasant, but not intolerable. If you have allergies or asthma and cigarette smoke is a trigger  this may not be the hotel for you. Noise-wise, there were some loud guests sitting out on balcony all hours of the night throughout our 2 night stay. I wore earplugs and slept well, but my husband was a little annoyed. I suppose we could have called the front desk - but we figured that it was New York and noise was part of the package.Aside for the stinky room issue, the location, friendly staff, pool, and parking make the Travel Inn a good value.	
Jun 19 2005	Would stay here again.	We came in very late on May 27th (really morning of May 28th). We had no problem getting our room. We had a back room which was pretty quiet except for a train that went through at one point. The room was clean and well kept up. We were on the seventh floor in the corner. It was fairly quiet. We started to hear people around nine in the morning. We didn't have really warm water in this room. Maybe everyone was taking showers at the same time. We stayed there two nights. After our cruise (out of NYC), we stayed there June 6th and 7th. This time we had a room on the fifth floor on the street side. The room was warm. We thought it was because we could hear the outside (like the window wasn't shut right). We played around with the window and it seemed to be a little quieter. The next day we called down to the desk and told them that the room was warm. They promptly sent up a repairman and he said a valve was turned off. It got cooler after that. We had warmer water in this room. The pool area is nice. The young woman at the gift shop was very helpful telling us where to go in NYC. We were within walking distance of Times Square. We walked all over in the area. There is people there all hours of the night. We didn't feel scarred at any time. There is a CVS across the street (good for cheap snacks).If we ever go back to NYC, we would gladly stay there again.	
Jun 18 2005	Great Find	My son and I just returned from New York where we spent 5 nights at the Travel Inn. I booked this property because it was reasonably priced and got pretty good reviews at Tripadvisor. We were not disappointed by this property at all, as it was exactly what I had expected- in fact better. It offered a clean comfortable room. The room and the hotel showed some signs of wear, but nothing that wasn't acceptable. The bathroom was a little small and while it was ok for us, it might be a problem for some. In particular, the toilet is in a tight space that doesn't leave you much space. A big person might find that uncomfortable. The hotel is 7-8 blocks to Time Square and there's a supermarket just one block away. I grabbed a couple of sandwiches at the deli next door and they were pretty good. Also, this hotel is only about 3 blocks to the Hudson River which might have made for an interesting sidetrip had I realized it before I was being driven back to the airport. All in all, I found the Travel Inn to be a nice little hotel close to everthing and I would recommend this to anyone who wants to stay close to Time Square without paying a small fortune.	
Jun 18 2005	Liked this hotel	My friend and I stayed at this hotel from June 7 - 10. We were both impressed...very clean, the maids brought us fresh towels, soap, and toilet paper everyday and made the beds. Service was prompt..my friend and I used the WebTV and had a problem with our keyboard, so she called the front desk and someone was there within five minutes. He didn't know how to deal with the problem, and said the manager would be on shift in twenty minutes, and he would deal with it. Fifteen minutes later he showed up with the manager, and the problem was fixed. Room was cool, air conditioning worked fine. Police station across the street, we felt safe. Location is good, walk out the front door, turn left, walk a bit and you were in Times Square. I would stay here again and would recommend it to others.	
Jun 16 2005	Great Deal!	We stayed here from June 8-13, probably the hottest days of the month of June. We were so glad to have a nice pool and air conditioning that worked!The rooms are large by Manhattan standards. Typical size rooms, really. Large enough for myself, husband and 2 kids, and the crib fit with plenty of room to spare. The staff were friendly enough. The room was clean and quiet. Free parking in the secure garage clinched the deal! We paid $125 a night, and found that was a screaming deal in Manhattan! We were put in a room overlooking the railroad tracks, but with the window shut, you'd never notice the trains going by. The pool was fantastic, open 11-7 every day but one, when there was a bad thunderstorm.There's a police station across the street, and of course, Manhattan can be noisy, but I found it much noiser on Monday morning when the city went back to work, than it was on the weekend. We felt safe and secure, and the hotel is pretty central, so you can get to the subway close by, and the bus. My only gripe is that the bathroom is a bit tight, and nearly impossible to bathe a 2 year old with the sliding doors on the bathtub, but we managed. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 9 2005	Wow!!!	I cannot say enough good things about this hotel, it was the first trip to ny with my two son's June 5-8th 2005. The reviews on this site are reliable so i had to add mine. The hotel was within walking distance from the bus terminal so when we arrived we just walked there, the desk staff we great. We arrived early and they suggested that we check in and drop off our bags and grab something to eat and come back in about 1/2 hour. Our room was larger than we expected (nice treat) cool and very very clean. Everyone at the hotel was great, helpful and friendly. We had no problem with the noise (we are from Toronto), others i guess are from rural areas. We walked every where and found that the people in the city were just as nice. This place is truly kid friendly as well. This experience has truly changed my view of ny and the people that live there. I guess the only thing that I have a complaint about is that they should advise on the website that Nintendo 64 cost $8.00usd per hour. The swimming pool was nice ( it was 90 every day). I have alreay made my reservations for sept 2005!!! . If you are travelling with your kids a must see it the Nintendo World at the NBC studios, also century 21 department store near ground zero and canal street for all the bargains (don't for get comfortable shoes!)	
Jun 7 2005	Horrible experience!	We had stayed at the Travel Inn three times before. It was what you would have expected from an economy hotel--basic, somewhat dingy lodging and an indifferent staff. This time, we were given a smoking room despite requesting a nonsmoking room. We did not find this out until we actually got to the room. It reeked--a hazard to our highly allergic daughter. The manager offered no apology, no room change (he said they were completely booked), and no assistance in finding another hotel room in New York, even at one of the other hotels in the Empire Hotel Group. He did offer to &quot;spray&quot; the room and get us a nonsmoking room the next day. Since we could not stay in this room, we called other hotels and found an excellent one that understands customer service. Upon our checking out, the manager was rude and completely failed to understand why he had a disgruntled customer. He made no attempt to remedy the situation or make even a token offer to acknowledge the inconvenience the hotel had caused. He even threatened to charge us for the room if we had used the bathroom while we were searching for another place to stay. And he refused several requests to tell me if he had put any charges on my credit card. So, stay here if you want an inexpensive place and have minimal expectations for customer service. Stay away if you expect the staff to take the word &quot;accommodation&quot; seriously.	
Jun 5 2005	Free Parking	The location of this hotel was great for Times Sq or SS Intrepid/Harbour Cruises only a few hundred yards walk to either and therefore central enough you can reach anywhere. We were travelling coast to coast so the free parking was a bonus for us. We stayed 3 nights and for 87 per room per night incl parking was great value for NYC. I would definantely recommend to car users for value &amp; location. Even if I was travelling without a car I would still consider this hotel.	
May 31 2005	Comfortable	Travel Inn Manhattan was perfect for us.We stayed in a room overlooking the pool for 2 nights .Very quiet.Easy 10 minute walk to Times Square.Pleasant staff and reception friendly but reserved.They kindly allowed us to store our bags for a few hours on our last day before going back to the airport.New York hotels are not the same standard as other cities.The beds were quite hard.But for 125.00 per night its a good deal.The remote wouldnt work on the second morning.House keeping were in the area and fixed it straight away.I felt safe the whole time in NY and having the Police across the road made me feel more secure.We used the New York Pass for one day and the hotel was very convienent to Circle Line ferry and Intrepid Musuem.Madame Tussauds was just down the road also.There is a good deli next door for breakfast.Cheap and fast and tasty.Also just down the road back towards Times Square is a supermarket for all the extra things you need.Throughly recommend for location,nice quiet room and good price.The pool was closed.But it was the start of May and only 64c outside and a really cold wind chill so the pool wasnt an option for us.Would easily stay again next time.	
May 28 2005	Loved this Hotel. A Great Find.	I stayed here from the 21st May - 26th May. With my husband and four kids and my brother. We were all very pleased with this Hotel. The maid cleaned everyday, only she didn't manage to clean to top of the headboard for some reason. It was quite dusty. The bathroom was clean with clean fresh towels in everyday. Television and playstation in the bedroom. We asked for two double non smoking rooms. I have a feeling that someone had used them to smoke in, there was a faint smell of smoke. We were given rooms overlooking the street. It was very noisy. It was even more noisy when the construction men decided to dig up the road at 1.00 AM in the morning. No one got any sleep that night. The rooms were very hot also, we didn't want to open the windows as we had young children with us. The people on the front desk were nice not overly pleasant but ok. The deli next door gets very busy on a morning so get down early. There is a new restaurant up the road called The Theatre Diner, this is very nice, very clean and the food is lovely. Would I stay again most definately.	
May 25 2005	Clean and simple	Found the hotel to be clean and simple and the staff were extremely friendly and helpful.Just what you need if you're not planning on spending too long in your hotel room.Rather disapointed to find that the pool was closed until the end of May,especially when we picked the hotel because it featured a pool and our 6 year old daughter was rather distraught!But in all a comfortable,clean and pleasant experience!	
May 21 2005	Marginal value	I can't describe this place as a bargain, even in the most expensive city in the USA. Four nights came to 710 US$, all told. For this I was given a smoking room despite requesting the opposite, and the entrance to my room was through a separate set of elevators requiring a walk through a...scenic...New York City parking garage. Bathroom was spacious, although I had to fiddle with the shower faucet to make the hot water work. Egregriously, the cable TV did NOT include YES...at least I had tickets to the Bombers' games...but most of you probably didn't come to NYC to watch Yankee games. The Empire Hotel group has a far better bargain in the Hotel Newton. Location here is the major advantage; if you really want to be close to Times Square (why?), this is one of the better deals.	
May 19 2005	Great Value 	Stayed for 3 nights in May. We had a double double room on 6th floor overlooking the pool.The room was clean and comfortable. Bathroom small.It took the hot water 5 minutes (yes 5 minutes!) to travel along the plumbing to our room.We called the reception and someone came to our room and told us yes thats right it will take 5 minutes. (What a waste of water)The hotel was well located although a little seedy area.I felt safe being across the road from the Police station.There is a great Deli next door to the hotel.The heating the the room was great, although there was no fridge.We paid $160 pn for Thur &amp; Friday and $195 for Saturday night.Location is great - only 10 min walk to Times Square.	
May 19 2005	Travel Inn	Stayed here 29/4 for 4 nights with family on a last minute trip which left our usual choice of hotel (Hyatt Grand Central) unavailable. Was a bit worried about the area before I arrived, but glad to say that the surrounding area is busy with plenty of people around which is reassuring at night. Found this hotel about the same walking distance from 42nd st/Times Square as the Hyatt. The hotel itself is fine, rooms are comfortable and fairly large for New York. House keeping was good the room was spotless every day. As previous reviewers have stated the two guys on the front desk can be a bit abrupt, but we mostly dealt with the two woman receptionists who were brilliant nothing was a hassle, any time I asked a question they treated me like a person not an annoyance, a very bad habit the Hyatt rececption staff have developed. My only complaint was the street noise, we had a room at the front and my young brother is a light sleeper which caused problems. On the whole if we could get a room at the back I would stay here again. Although not Hyatt standard, the staff are friendlier also the big advantage is that this hotel is a lot cheaper which means more money to spend in the shops.	
May 17 2005	What a bargin!	I stayed here with a friend the last weekend of April - Fri - Tues. Great location, very close to Times Sq without all the hectic-ness that comes along with staying in actual Times Sq. The rooms were good, a fair size, clean and the maid service was faultless. It was also no problem for us to leave our bags after we checked out so we could go out in NYC before catching our flight back to the UK, and also no charge, unlike some other Manhattan hotels. Unlike the last reviewer, our heating worked, and when left on while we were out at night, made our room roasting hot, so much so, we had to open the windows to cool down! Didn't use the gift shop or next door deli so can't comment on that, but did have a few drinks in a bar around the corner on 10th St which was fab! I think it was called Biggs, but don't quote me! *lol* I'd definately stay here again, for the price, this hotel is a very good bargin! We are already planning another trip over in Nov.	
May 15 2005	Exceeded expectations by a margin	We stayed in this hotel for about a week. It was just what we needed: a simple, clean hotel room. The rooms are well appointed, clean, and not too small. The bathroom was fine and clean. Bed was okay, some may find it a bit on the hard side. Downside are that the hotel is not in the prettiest neighbourhood (10 min walk west of Times Square), that the rooms are anything but soundproof (you can hear your neighbours in the bathroom, sounds from outside or the staircase resonated in the room - the hours at which people can be noisily up and about are amazing) - however earplugs should be able to fix this. There was also a wide crack between the door and the floor - in winter and summer, cold or hot air can easily come in. In May, however, this is not so much of a problem. The deli next door is nice and unpretentious.Overall, I would say this is a fine budget hotel.	
Apr 30 2005	Close but no cigar...	This was our first time staying at this establishment, we chose it because of the good reviews it had gotten on this site as well as its somewhat reasonable per night cost. We stayed 4 nites but were somewhat disappointed by the hotel. Here is my list of pros and cons.Pros:Near Times Square, subway station, CVS, Food Emporium, Kraft RestaurantNot too small a roomMaid service was amazing, made the room impeccable every morningFront desk and garage security attendants were nice and helpfulCons:The pillows are paper thin, I had to call to get some more, but they were quick to send some to us, so that was not a problem. The real problem is as follows:We were in a double double in front of the pool, when we came out of the room we were directly outside, in the cold weather. Our door had no insulation, the cold wind passed through every nite and we froze like ice cubes. There is no heating system in the room, its the equivalent of living in a cardboard box weather wise. So if you reserve a double double, please ask it be inside and not outside!! This was quite discouraging and I hope they seek to change this situation for future guests.	
Apr 27 2005	Great place on a budget	Stayed for 5 nights, arriving April 18, with wife, 16 yo son and 19 yo daughter in no smoking double double on 3rd floor near pool on inside. Relatively quiet with only passing by type hallway pedestrian noise. Check in was fair at best with 2 rude gentlemen behind the desk. I mentioned that we had requested a fridge and one of the guys said it was impossible and we could never get one. I checked with a young lady the next morning, she made a phone call and we had one within 5 minutes! Bathroom was smallish - wish it had the sink outside the bathroom itself. The location is great - near subway and easy bus access on 42nd street. The deli next door is nice and the Food Emporium about 3/4 block to the east was very handy. Evangeline, I hope that's correct, in the gift shop was extremely pleasant and helpful when it came to places to eat, directions, etc. We paid $150/night off the hotel's website which was quite good for 4 people. I would certainly stay there again and would recommend it to all with similar situations.	
Apr 27 2005 	Better than what we expected	My husband and I thought the hotel was nicer than what we expected out of a 2-star hotel. The room was clean and spacious. The location of the hotel is excellent - close to subway stations and to Times Square but distant enough from most of the traffic noise around Times Square. The staff were all friendly, helpful and accomodating. We were arriving very late at night from Virginia, and we thought that it was very nice of someone from the hotel to call us to make sure we were still checking in. This ensured us that we were not losing our hotel reservation for coming too late. The free parking was awesome especially since parking in NY is herendous. My only complaint was that the hotel rates were not too reasonable, but then again, this was NYC where all of the hotel rates are overly excessive. Also, the bathroom was a bit small - this wasn't too big of a problem except that there wasn't much room to place toiletries and clothes. My husband and I would check in at Travel Inn again.	
Apr 17 2005	Great value! Highly recommended!	Gem of a hotel! Great value prices with nice, clean rooms. Free parking was a plus. Service was friendly and prompt, and we felt very safe. Street noise was loud, but we expect that in NY! Room was a little hot/stuffy, so we opened the window and door to get a nice cross-breeze. Would stay again, but not in summer unless there is AC (our room apparently didn't have it). Overall, very pleased!	
Apr 14 2005	Unbelievable value	My husband and I stayed at Travel Inn with friends in 1991. We booked it again this year for three nights. A lot of years had passed so we were not sure what to expect. We were more than pleased to see it was in great condition. It is easy to access when coming into the city. Parking is wonderful. It poured rain one of our days but we still had a wonderful stay in the city. We enjoyed meeting the lady in the gift shop in the lobby. She was so friendly and helpful. We had her help in getting tickets for On Golden Pond. We enjoyed the play very much. We hope to come back to the Travel Inn soon. I cannot imagine finding a more suitable hotel in New York city.	
Apr 12 2005	Great value clean and comfortable	Two families traveling together April 3rd thru 6th, we got next door rooms on the third floor facing the street. The room was very clean, some street noise but what do you expect in NY, heavy curtains that blocked the light from the window, friendly but not intrusive staff. We paid $436. inc. taxes for 3 nights for a double/double. Room was larger than I expected at this price, fine for us. We drove in via the Linclon Tunnel, the hotel at 10th on 42nd St. was three blocks away &amp; very easy to get to - and parking in their attended garage attached to the hotel was included. The desk let us check in 2 1/2 hours early, then let us leave our luggage &amp; van in the garage for most of the day we checked out at no extra charge. Location was very good, three blocks from Times Square, two blocks from a subway station (five minute walk). No coffeemaker, but a decent deli next door to hotel for that necesary first cup. We would stay here again.	
Apr 9 2005	Great Place Great Budget	We stayed at this hotel April 3rd thru April 7th Spring Break 2005. It is located on 10th and W.42nd street.(Helpful information if your traveling by cab from the airport.) We had 2 rooms (there were 6 of us) My mother, my husband and 3 children. We stayed in rooms 404 and 405. Perfect view of the empire state buliding. It is spectacular at night. This place was awesome. We had no fridge but I noticed when the maid was cleaning the room across from us they had a fridge. No matter we didnt need one. The ice bucket did fine. Evangilne is the lady that runs the small but cute gift shop. It is open at 7:00 am. She is a wealth of knowledge. She told us where to dine what to see how to get there. She was a true asset to our vaction. She reccomended the Trollie Deli. About 2blocks down on 42nd street. Great food great for the budget. Again very small place. But everything in new york is small. Also a bar and grill she reccomended it was called Mr . Biggs. It was right on 10th street. I had a plate of nachos like you wouldnt believe! The front desk was great. I had some noisy people in the next room and he took care of it instantly. Our room faced the street. It was noisy but that is New York. We had the windows open and there is construction going on on our side of the street and every morning at 7:41 a very loud bus or something goes by and woke us up. But that was ok. We wanted to get up and get going for the day. NO NEED for an alarm clock.!!! The place is clean the staff is great and I would definetly stay again! Thumbs up totally. For a family of six with 2 rooms this is the greatest. Not alot of amenities besides the pool and free parking, but nice clean cheap and comfortable. We paid 125.00 per night. 582.00 for the total stay for each room. Thanks for making my first trip to New York great Travel inn.	
Apr 8 2005	Good value great location	We were sure glad we read some review before we booked into a NY hotel. We happened to see during our stay some others that we had considered - and they looked dreadful. This place was clean, tidy, well situated and reasonably priced - who could ask for more?	
Apr 7 2005	Clean accommodating Perfect!	Stayed here on 4/4/05 for one night. Hotel staff was very helpful in check-in, providing directions, maps, information. The best part was the FREE PARKING. Room was very clean, beds were extremely comfortable. Our room was quiet though it overlooked the pool which was closed for the season.I will definitely stay here again. It was easy to find and access. All my fears about staying in NYC were assuaged by this one stay. Be advised: It is not the Ritz, but it is certainly clean, accommodating, and and professional in its presentation.	
Apr 5 2005	" Arrivederci " Travel Inn	We will come back for sure. The Travel Inn has gived more then we expected.We stayed in room 376 (facing the pool) was clean and roomy.The staff at the reception friendly and helpful always with a reassuring smile.The Deli next door cheap and familiar.Breakfast was plentyful and of good quality.We stayed 6 nights and despite the Jetlag (we are from Italy)we sleep well even if the Hotel is on 42nd St. My wife my daughter my son and me ( I am not a stakeholder yet ) for sure will reccomend this Hotel because the location is great and with an unlimited 7 days Metrocard New York will be at your feet. Just opposite the Hotel , try the Kraft restaurant if you are looking for good quality at reasonable price.Every day returning from visiting the city as we were in sight of the Travel Inn neon signs we felt at home.Giovanni from Genoa - Italy	
Apr 4 2005	Good value for money	I booked a room with 2 double beds through the hotel website and paid $105 per night (excl of tax). Not in the best area of Manhattan but a three block walk from Times Square and 5 minutes to the Port Authority (for buses, subway, trains). Very big rooms by Manhattan standard and clean. It is worth mentioning that it is the first hotel I stayed in where they actually cleaned underneath the bed! Two drawbacks: the noisy heating system and the traffic (if you get a room facing the street). Recommended.	
Apr 2 2005	Great hotel even better value!	This hotel was great. The FREE parking was the icing on the cake. Room was very clean, had enough room. Our room was a double, double. It faced the street, was noisy with the window up, but everything else was great. Always had plenty of towels, no complaints at all. Staff were nice. If you want a place to stay that's clean and you don't have to be pampered, this is the place for you.	
Mar 31 2005	Bring a flask ...	I stayed at the Travel Inn for 8 days and was mostly very pleased. The room was clean and huge and the staff were unobtrusive and pleasant. I would advise visitors here to ask for a back room on one of the top floors, I stayed on a front room on the 5th and the traffic noise was very noticeable. Though I do recommend this hotel, particularly for its location just a short walk from Times Square, I would advise anyone contemplating a visit to bring a flask so they may have a hot drink in the mornings. I paid a not-inconsiderable sum for my room and was very disappointed to find it had no tea/coffee making facilities nor a refrigerator. Both of these I consider pretty essential, especially for a lengthy stay. And in the summer, how on earth can you have a hotel room with no fridge? Overall then, I consider the Travel Inn, Manhattan, to be a good, convenient, place to stay but it does have its drawbacks. Would I stay there again? Yes, but only in winter and I would bring a very large flask.	
Mar 28 2005	Great Place / Great Value / Free Parking!!!	Travel Inn is a really great deal in Manhattan!!!Easy access by car and a free parking!!!Incredible location on the 42nd, 3 minutes from Time Square!!There is a Police Station on the other side of the road (secure place).We'll stay there again next time!!!	
Feb 26 2005 	Great location 	We stayed four nights for Toy Fair. Got free parking and refrigerator. Good news we got room facing pool and it was very quiet. Only bad news was that it was on the roof so you needed a coat to leave the room. If stay ask for room inside facing pool but not above the 5th floor!	
Feb 26 2005	Great location at a bargain price!	We stayed at the Travel Inn in NYC Feb.23-26. We spent an amount of time on this website trying to find a place to stay that suited our needs- clean, affordable, and close to everything. This is definitely it! This hotel was within walking distance to Times Square (where you can catch any of the major subway routes), restaurants, and the theater district. The free parking was a HUGE plus- we left the car inside for 3 days and never had to worry about it, or pay for it! The room was clean and comfortable for a family of 4, and the front desk staff was very helpful with directions, etc. The next time we come to NYC, we will definitely be staying here! YOu can't beat it for value and location!	
Feb 18 2005	Great Economical Place To Stay	We booked the Travel Inn on recommendation from friends in New York without even seeing the Trip Advisor comments.I would recommend staying here if you are on a budget, we only paid $120+ Tax for the night for a twin double bedded room for 3 of us.The Deli / Cafe is next door and offers a great breakfast.Over the road from the hotel is the South NYPD Police station which means there is always Police around, giving you a safe feeling.It's walking distance from 34th St Penn Station and most other parts of the City.	
Feb 17 2005	Budget Savvy Stay Here! 	no frills.....perfect.who spends time in their hotel room in new york? it was perfect to come back, take a nap and go back out. the pool in July was such an added bonus!!!staff was friendly, there's a police station across the street and the subway is sooo close and it was all centrally located. The student discount was GREAT!!! I try and stay here when I make it back, but I guess the secret is out of the bag..it's always booked solid! Have a great time and check out the piano bar in the village called The Duplex. Saw more talent there than on the grammy's.	
Jan 31 2005	We love the Travel Inn!	We love Travel Inn! This is one economic hotel in NYC where the staff really cares about their customers! They are helpful and respectful! The rooms are very clean, well kept and roomy! The area feels safe! The free indoor parking is a real plus! The deli next door serves a great breakfast/lunch! This hotel is the best!	
Jan 27 2005	Best Deal in Manhattan	I have stayed at the Travel Inn on numerous occasions and would highly recommend. My most recent stay was Friday, January 21st. We were actually planning on staying 2 nights but because of the blizzard that hit the city on Saturday we asked the front desk if we could check out early without being charged. They said it was not a problem as long as we were checked out by noon. LOCATION1. The Travel Inn is minutes from the Lincoln Tunnel making it really easy to get into and out of the city. Plus I think they are the only hotel in NYC with FREE PARKING!!!! The hotel will let you check out, and leave your car in the parking garage until you're ready to leave the city. 2. There are plenty of restaurants close by including a deli right downstairs and the Kraft Restaurant (Diner) across the street. There is also a Blimpie subs and Dunkin Donuts a couple blocks away. Chevy's Mexican Restaurant in Times Square is great if you like Mexican food. 3. The Food Emporium is a full service grocery store only a block away. Great for picking up snacks and beverages to munch on in your room.4. Convenient location close to Times Square and the Port Authority, with easy access to the subway. I would suggest a 7 day Unlimited Ride Metro Card for $21. The card provides you with unlimited local transporation on buses and subways. Even if you are only staying for 4 or 5 days the Metro Card is still your best value for transportation. HOTEL5. The pool is great in the summer. Usually not to crowded and plenty of chairs by the pool.6. The staff is very friendly and the maid service is very good.7. There are a couple different types of rooms depending on the area of the hotel they put you in. The rooms inside the main building are bigger and have more closet space. The rooms that you have to walk oustide to get to are smaller and have less closet space. They also tend to be a little nosier.8. Can't beat the price! Rates are a little more in the summer but I have never paid more than $155/night. The rate I paid last weekend was $105/night. The Travel Inn is not a luxury hotel but it's definitely the best value in NYC. It's clean, the staff is friendly and the price is right!!!	
Jan 23 2005	Good value for money	Clean hotel room and very courteous staff. Nice cafe next door to get breakfast. Takes about 10 minutes to walk to Times Square. Would stay here again.	
Jan 18 2005 	Less than accomodating	Could not control heat ... just on/off switch. No thermostat in room. One slow elevator and a &quot;gift&quot; shop the size of a postage stamp (that has been closed 2 of 3 days). Wireless Internet access does not reach upper floors and printing service advertised in the rooms is not available. No explanation given for the misadvertisement ... just ... it's wrong. Noisy street across from a police station, busy all night!	
Jan 5 2005	Great Hotel	My mum &amp; I stayed at the Travel Inn for one week at the beginning of December 2004. While the hotel is basic, it really is all that is required.The staff (manager, front desk, clerks) were all absolutely lovely and extremely helpful. Our room was also kept spotlessly clean. When I go back to NY, which I hope to do as soon as funds allow (!!!), I would most definitely go back to the Travel Inn. The Deli downstairs is amazing for the price. Few blocks down from Times Square, tubes easy to use. All in all, the Travel Inn made our trip all the better. Also, look out for Aveline, the lady who runs the gift shop in the hotel. She is an absolute star and can help you get any tickets to any shows you want. We got fantastic tickets to see 42nd Street for $44 each!	
Jan 1 2005	Will stay here again when in NY	Thanks for everyone's review. A good hotel to stay in New York. Stayed for two nights before Christmas. Easy walk to Times Square and subway station. Got a metro card at Food Emporium on the next block, if you get tired of walking, you can take bus 42 that drops you right in front of the hotel. Major advantage is the free parking, check out at 10 am, but leave the car at the hotel until we are ready to leave at 9pm. Policy station across the street, felt very safe at this location. Room was a little noisy even on the 4th floor, but that's understandable. Used the wireless internet service for under $6 per day, connection was slow and not too reliable, not recommended. Room and bathroom was clean, good hot water, only small complain was the room very hot and stuffy, didn't find ways to circulate air other than opening the window. Overall, would stay at this hotel again when in NY.	
Dec 26 2004	will definitely go back	great location, three blocks from times square and central to the subway system to get you anywhere in manhattan. one block away from 9th ave where you will find great ethnic restaurants at reasonable prices. you name the cuisine it's within a few blocks. the hotel staff were accomodating, rooms kept clean. the actual setup of the hotel is interesting in that the entrance looks like any hotel, but the hotel itself is up the elevator and situated around a pool, much like any american motel. this means you are exposed to the sounds of the city but hey, it's new york enjoy the experience. there is no room service but a very decent diner is downstairs and one night when we were exhausted from the day we had a pizza delivered to our room after we alerted the desk clerk we would be expecting a delivery. we were three women ages 35-55 and we felt safe at all times, even walking back to the hotel after attending an evening show and dinner. if you are limited by budget but want to be in the heart of manhattan you can't go wrong using this as your base.	
Dec 21 2004	Great Value. Will stay here again	Stayed here December 11 for 3 nights. Staff friendly and room was big by NY standards. Hotel was 2 blocks from Theater District and within walking distance to Times Square, Macy's etc. Location away from the crowds and across from the police station. Only complaint was the location of the room, it was on the street side which was very noisy, ask for a room on the courtyard side. The hotel's restaurant was very reasonable. Very pleased with our stay.	
Dec 13 2004	Would stay here again!	I was really suprised at how nice this hotel was. I booked a double/double for 1 night at $125. The hotel I had for the next 2 days was twice as much and about the same in quality,difference was location. If I had found out about this hotel sooner I would have booked the entire stay here. Rooms were clean and normal size hotel rooms not the normal &quot;New York&quot; size hotel rooms. We had a room overlooking the pool which would be great in the summer. I just got back and stayed there on 12/9/04 and would go back for sure. Staff was nice and professional, and a big plus the free parking in a secure parking lot. Parking can cost up to $40 a night in New York and the price plus free parking, can't beat it!	
Dec 7 2004	Great Place to Stay	I stayed at the Travel Inn Manhattan on December 4, 2004 and I was very pleasantly surprised. Given that it was a weekend during the very popular holiday season, I had a very difficult time finding a hotel. I has originally booked a room at the Super 8 Times Square ($329), but based on the reviews here about bed bugs, I looked for something else. I paid $190 per night at the Travel Inn and for this time of year, that was a good price. I've also stayed in much worse hotels in Manhattan and paid more.The other reviews here about the Travel Inn are very accurate. Positives: Hotel was clean, the lobby was attractive, the people at the front desk were friendly, the reservations process was smooth, the hotel was quiet, the room (double-double) was the size of an average hotel room which is large for a city hotel, the elevators were large (again, for an older city hotel) and fast., and the bathroom was large enough to have some counter space. The pool looked nice though no one was swimming since it was December. There was an area in the parking garage to check bags between checking out and leaving town.Negatives: the towels were quite thin...I thought that the hand towel was a wash cloth	
Nov 25 2004	I LOVE NY!	Stayed here in October and had a fantastic time. The rooms were large enough to accommodate all our new purchases! Staff were very helpful. They changed travellers cheques for us when we needed cash for a cab and they also let us check out an hour late because we were shopping until the very last minute of our trip and needed more time. Would definitely recommend this hotel and we will definitely be returning. Swimming pool would be great when the weather is nice.	
Nov 10 2004	Great value hotel smack in the middle of town	Just got back from a stay in New York, and having found the hotel through Trip Advisor felt duty bound to write a little note. The Travel Inn was a gem, although not four star it was cheap and cheerful, safe and very clean. Staff were very friendly and accomodating.It's two blocks from the subway, jersey ferry terminal, port authority bus depot which has : (buses to jfk / la guardia for $15 drops you to every terminal), -gray line bus to woodbury common for $36 - huge designer retail outlet)and a great deli downstairs where you can stuff your guts for $5 with free refills.Rooms were cleaned everyday and when some gonk put his telly on REALLY loud at 6am, reception sprinted up the stairs and sorted them out sharpish. Sure it's a little worn at the edges and one of the cupboards was missing a catch - but three of us sharing for $120 - come on, that's a bargain. my advice get a cab in $45 and get the bus back to the airport.anyhoo - if's P.O.S.H u are after try the Pierre on the Park. but for value for money try the Travel Inn.	
Nov 4 2004	Super little find!!	Recently we had the pleasure of staying in the Travel Inn New York, what good value, and friendly sincere service.Big rooms and comfy beds.Swimming pool ...for the sunny days!!Excellent cleaning and bed making every day.Location 2 blocks west from Times Square...One block from subway so minutes from Broadway (by subway)All cab drivers know where to take you as its over the road from NYPD.Lovely very original deli downstairs.Cosy gift shop...really nice lady runs it couldnt be more helpful.Just one block from circleline cruises and water taxi so down town is only 10 mins.Reception were brilliant - we were checked into a smoking room (both non smokers) we asked to changed and it was truly no problem done then and there.Dont be put off by the low price we stayed previously on Lexington in a posh expensive hotel, which was totaly rubbish!! ***Raddison dont go there**** Give the Travel Inn a go its totally brilliant.	
Nov 3 2004	Nice Clean Hotel/Free Parking is a Plus	Visited during the last week of October. Hotel is easy to reach if you are driving. Both Lincoln Tunnel and Henry Hudson Parkway are close by. The onsite deli is good for breakfast. There is a great sandwich place two doors west called Starwich. Just east of 10th on 42nd there is a good sized grocery store. There is a large internet cafe at 234 W. 42nd. Around the corner on 10th is a sport's bar called Mr Bigg's that serves decent chicken wings. John's Pizza at 260 W. 44th is a must.Rooms at the Travel Inn are clean and the beds are nice and firm. The bathroomsare small, but just fine. The location is great for access all around Manhattan. Parked the car in the onsite garage, bought Metro Cards and travelled by Bus and Subway. We would not hesitate to stay here again! Good Value!	
Nov 1 2004	Great location but...........	&quot;The hotel staff are grim and they were not very welcoming&quot;......I agree!!!I will give them 5 point.....if they were friendly!!!!	
Oct 29 2004	good enough	Read all the reports and was pleased with the position. The hotel cafe was OK the Kraft restaurant across the road better quality and service and full of locals as well as tourists. An easy walk with or without suitcases to Port authority Bus station having arrived by bus from Newark. Bus good value and quick. times square was reached easily. Supermarket next door great for snacks and bought metro and bus pass $7per day adn then hopped on 42 bus from hotel to 5th or 6th Avenue for link to all parts of the city. The hotel staff are grim and they were not very welcoming. However when needed extra pillows adn assistance with TV they were soon sorted. The quad room was ok bathroom a bit dated and tatty. Room overlooking pool quieter as area noisy at night with constant sirens. Heating on last week whcih was too much but they had people complain it was cold they must have been from Florida as it was cool not cold. If you choose to stay there be prepared for clean and basic and good position if you like to be on the edge of the action. The pool area looked good if there in the summer and the parking looked ok and having seen the prices in carparks close to hotel makes this a definite choice if u have car. Think about going to the Jersey shopping Mall in New Jersey if you have a day free as there is no tax on clothes and bus from Port Authority 110 takes you there or Ikea/Toys R Us and again was really cheap and quick. Mall has 200 shops with lots of big names and a good food hall. We spent about 5 hours and bagged a few bargains. Not the designer types but Gap Old Navy etc.	
Oct 29 2004	Good hotel at a good price - stay here!	Stayed here last week for 6 nights after reading all previous reviews on this site. Excellent location, just far enough away from times sq so you avoid the chaos of that area but still only an easy 10 min walk or 2 min bus ride from there - bus stop across the st. Eat breakfast in the Kraft diner across the street - all usual stuff available there. Had booked a non smoking room on hotel website but we were given a smoking room at rear of hotel-facing that railway track! Ask for a non smoking room at front facing 42nd st - noise isnt too bad at night, bearing in mind the good location. Front desk staff were polite and room (double/double) was a good size and very clean. All in all, great value for money. (If possible, go to Jersey Gardens Mall in NJ - get the 111 bus from Port Authority Bus Terminal - only 35 mins - good range of shops there and NO SALES TAX!)	
Oct 11 2004	Great place	Stayed at the Travel Inn Oct 5-8, 2004. This hotel is an extraordinary value, clean and an easy walk to anywhere. It's just far enough from to Time's square so that you can get away from the bustle but still close to subways and sights. There are some great restaurants and bars 3 blocks NE from the hotel.The service is not at the Fairmont level, but the staff were courteous and quick. In the hallways in front of the smoking rooms, you could smell the smoke but our room was a smoking room and smelled fine. Also, the room was pretty small, but for the price we expected as much and were definitely comfortable. The 2-bed rooms are a very comfortable size.I would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 1 2004	Loved it!!! Large Rooms close to everything-Great Value	Just got back from staying at the Travel Inn, Sept. 24-27.........All the reviews were right on, great place, nice Big Rooms, nice large closet, 3 blocks from Time Square.........it was great..........I'm VERY picky about hotels........and this place was awesome.........I stayed last year on Time Square and the Travel Inn was 100% better, larger rooms, larger closet, very nice staff..........I would stay there anytime.......The front desk staff, especially Jacquelyn was so helpful........they have a small gift shop, were you can purchase tours, stamps, etc.......My car was very safe in the garage, very lighted and has cameras, and they have security.......and it was totally FREE..........If you don't want to walk to time square a cab, cost about $4-6, or the bus stops right outside of the Travel inn for $2.I asked for an inside room ----and I got a room with my window overlooking the pool, it was great and very quiet.........Oh, and all around is cafes, food, even a CVS pharmacy, (like Walgreens) right down the street, and a grocery store..........It was only two blocks for us to see the Lion King at the Amsterdam theater........My stay was very nice.............I encourage anybody to stay there........it's worth it.........the price is great and the rooms are very nice.email me if you have any questions.	
Sep 29 2004 	wonderful value	I was in town for 6 days for the NY Fringe Festival. This place rocks!!! I would bring my wife and seven year old here in a heartbeat. It is close to the theatre district(like actualyy two blocks from some of the theatres), it has a pool, it is close to subways and trains. It also has a sort of removed quality once you get inside, and you could actually forget that you are in the busiest city in the US. Ok, let's be realistic. You aren't going to be pampered. but the staff is extremely helpful(wake up calls, cars to the airport, that kind of stuff) BUT YOU GET A BIG CLEAN ROOM and the location is fantastic.	
Sep 21 2004	Terrific Value	Our family visited NYC on Wednesday and Thursday of last week. We were in town to catch Mama Mia, and took the kids to see Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island. The initial check-in was quick but not entirely pleasant. Prior to arrival, I had booked our reservation via Orbitz ($125/night). Later, a Trip Advisor member alerted me to an internet special offered at the hotel's own website ($105/night). Being rational, I booked the cheaper deal and cancelled my original Orbitz reservation (received e-mail confirmation, no penalties). Upon check-in, the hotel manager quoted me $125/night. After I pulled out my hotel reservation showing $105/night, the manager relented, but mutter under his breath, &quot;That's not the way you're supposed to do it.&quot; I let the comment pass, as I didn't want to be assigned a terrible room.We got Room 530 in the North Building. The room itself was clean and in order. Though tight, the room had 2 full size beds. Our family of four (7- and 5-year olds) slept fine. The bathroom was a bit tight, reminding me of a cruise ship bathroom. The A/C unit's control knob was difficult to use, as all &quot;high&quot; and &quot;low&quot; markings were gone. The view was terrible, as we overlooked a run-down train track strewn with litter and debris. I suspect the view from the South Building is probably much better. Our fifth floor was sufficiently high to mute the traffic sounds below. Only once did I hear a freight train rumbling loudly by on the outside train track (fortunately not at night).The hotel has an outdoor pool that is half-enclosed. It's not heated, so pretty cold this time of the year.The best value of this hotel is the free garaged parking. Spaces were plentiful, if a bit tight (for our Suburban SUV). On check-out day, we left our vehicle in the garage, and traveled around by the subway system. We picked up our vehicle at 6pm and had no problems with the hotel. Parking around town gets pretty expensive. Our SUV was charged $33 when we were at the evening show.A word of caution when buying Statue of Liberty tickets from the hotel gift shop. Current policy at Liberty Island requires a separate Time Pass (in addition to each Circleline ticket) for each visitor in order to enter the Statue's Observation Deck or Promenade (climbing stairs to the Crown no longer permitted). When we purchased our Liberty tickets from the gift shop, we were not informed of the need for additional Time Passes. Consequently, after arriving at Liberty Island and waiting in several lines, we find out that we could not get inside the Statue (fortunately, my wife's persistence pursuades the Park Ranger to give us extra Time Passes). I later contacted the hotel management and gift shop about this snafu, and they sent my children various souvenirs as compensation.All in all, given the low room cost and free car garage, I feel our hotel stay was terrific. If not for the manager's slight attitude problem and the gift shop's errors, I would have rated the hotel even higher.	
Sep 16 2004	What a great hotel!	Seriously - this place is great. We (two adults and one 6 year old) stayed here in September for 4 nights. We really couldn't fault it. Spacious room (two double beds), clean bathroom and excellent house keeping. Most of all, our room was on the fifth floor overlooking the pool so the corridor leading to it was outdoor. We found this a nice feature - really bright and airy, a nice get away from the hustle and bustly of NY. Must agree with the other reviews about the deli downstairs too. Excellent food and incredibly reasonable prices. We'll definately stay here again!	
Sep 8 2004	NY's Best Kept Secret	What a great hotel! We came to NY to see &quot;Raisin in the Sun&quot; on Broadway and to go to the Today Show... We were looking for something that was affordable, but still nice. I got on the internet, searched, and searched and finally decided to take a chance with Travel Inn... and I am SO glad I did! Being from the South, I was a little weary of NYC, but was relieved when I saw that the hotel was DIRECTLY across from Manhattan NYPD. The rooms were great-- very clean, enough space, nice bathrooms, good tv. And if you don't mind a little walking, Travel Inn is also pretty close to all of the things we wanted to see and do. I will without a doubt stay here again and recommend it to others with no reservations.	
Aug 24 2004	All around great place!	Spent the night after returning from a cruise at the Travel Inn Manhattan and was extremely happy with the value. The outside looks very plain and dated, but the rooms are spacious, clean and updated. The pool was exceptionally large for a motel, especially in the city. The parking was free - the valet parked it for us and provided us with brochures to help us plan our trip. My children enjoyed playing the video games on the televison though a little costly at $7.50/hour. The Kraft Restaurant across the street served good, plentiful and inexpensive meals. There also is an adjacent deli with reasonable food prices. There are many places to eat in the surrounding blocks and so close to Times Square. Check out the internet special for $105/night at their website. Have fun!	
Aug 23 2004	Good Choice	Stayed over a weekend in August 2004. Rooms small but clean. Pleasant service. Great deli/bagel shop downstairs-good food, good prices. The FREE secured in and out parking is one of the best features of this hotel. Walking distance to subway too. Will stay again.	
Aug 12 2004	Very Good	We went to this hotel during July 2004.Good Points- 3 minutes away from Times Square- Food shop right next door- FREE parking- Internet Access (Wireless) and a computer next door.- Gift Shop - very small- Phones - right next door to hotel- FREE Pool- Every day - the maids come and clean your room and make your beds.- You get a very good view of the Empire State building.Some advice- The hotel gets $10.00 Commission from cab drivers - (that was when we asked the hotel to call a cab to take us to Newark...so you are best going on a coach back to the airport)Eating Out- Go to Rockerfeller Centre (outside) to eat out (where the NBC TODAY show is filmed)- McDonalds ...There are LOADS of these around	
Aug 5 2004	can't find a better deal in the city..	I have stayed in the city many many times at several different hotels, from 4 star to youth hostiles and this has to be the best deal in the city.Free parking yes that is correct free parking in N.Y.Two blocks from the Henry Hudson Parkway, four blocks from Times Square, location is great.The a/c was very very cold perfect for july 30th 90 degree temps. Just one other thing, DO NOT Go in July because if I cannot get a room You are in trouble.	
Jul 19 2004	Loved the Travel inn	Just stayed at the Travel Inn from July 12-17 and found our stay there very pleasant. Rooms were nice, and were cleaned everyday. Although the bathroom was bit small it served its purpose and was spotless. There was lots of closet space in the room which was also a good size by New York standards, not too small, yet not to big. The Free parking the hotel offered was another great bonus. The staff was very friendly and made us feel welcome. I would definitely recommend the Tavel Inn to anyone wanting comforatble accomodation in a great location just three blocks from Times Square. Great price for the location.	
Jul 14 2004	GREAT!!!	We just got back from a trip to NY, it was 4 of us and we shared a room together. Great price!! free parking!!! swimming pool!!! clean room!! we had to ask for towels every day because they were never 4; other than that we had a good stay here. I loved the pool!!!! after a day of going around like crazy, relaxing in the pool is just the BEST!! bring some earplugs because it is a little bit noisy, especially if you have rude next doors!! The metro is really closed, there are restaurants and places to eat all around. We would stay here again.	
Jul 11 2004	Perfect Perfect Perfect!	The Travel Inn is a great hotel, especially if you want to be within walking distance to everything. The room was nice and it was definetly a bonus to have FREE indoor parking! I also liked that it was only 7 stories high ( I have a fear of heights)! The pool looked nice, although when in NYC you really don't have the time to swim because there is so much to see. I would recommend this hotel to anyone for its superb location, clean rooms, and affordable price.	
Jun 10 2004	the best for the price. CLEAN in good repair and free parking!!!	This place is great. Clean large rooms, in very good repair. Beds were very comfortable, large closet and TV. Bathroom very clean. In walking Distance of MIdtown, Theathers and Javits. FREE PARKING!. GOOD service from the staff. You just can't beat it for the price.	
Apr 26 2004	The best I can find!!!	I have never had a problem with this hotel, and my husband and I have stayed here dozens upon dozens of times over the past 10 years. You really can't beat the price which can vary from $120-$170. Really close to Times Square, and a lot of other activities and sights. The rooms are consistantly clean as well as the bathrooms and the staff have never gave us a problem.	
Dec 23 2003	Very good value	Stayed here during the Columbus Day weekend and thought it was a great deal, especially the free garage parking. Within easy walking distance to Time Square, the Circle Line, the subway, anything you could possibly want. Hotel room and was fine. Don't understand the recent negative reviews.	
Dec 22 2003	Nicew stay	Staying there 3 nights 09/12/03 We had a nice stay there. The reception was not very helpfull (I work in a hotel in Amsterdam myself so I know that it can be improved) when we checked in. The room was very good. Lots of space and clean. Location was very good, 3 min. walk from times square. Police cars can wake you up in the middle off the night because there's an office on the otherside of the street.	
Dec 19 2003	Horrible!	My parents have stayed at the Travel Inn over twenty times and the quality has taken complete nosedrive over the years. The Paki/Indian staff is rude and arrogant and the prices have skyrocketed. This hotel attracts a low class element and you there is a good chance you will woken up by load partying. Also, if you book your room on the Internet they will not honor the room type or the rate. STAY AWAY!	
Nov 24 2003	Location location location	We chose this hotel after reading the reviews on this site. They were spot on.The receptionist was pretty rude when we checked in after a long flight and a very cramped, uncomfortable taxi ride from the airport (don't use Super Shuttle !). The rooms are clean, a good size and the beds are comfortable. Walls are a bit thin so we could hear the neighbours when they were loud. Best bit though was the location. Two blocks from Times Square....literally a 5 minute walk. Great Deli next door and a decent restuarant across the road. Bus Depot with loads of taxi's and a tube station was also about 5 minutes away. We stayed here for 4 nights and had no complaints. Price was comparable with other hotels but judging by the reviews, we got good value for money. I would recommend this hotel.	
Oct 22 2003	Don't go when it's cold!	I was there this last weekend when the temperature dropped. The AC could only blow out cold air. Had to resort to leaving all available lights in the room on all day to get the temperatue of our north facing room warm enough to get ready for bed. Some rooms do have bathroom heaters - but not 536.	
Oct 3 2003	Can't beat it!	We stayed here twice, at the start of our trip, and three weeks later, at the end. On the first stay we were on the third floor, right next to the pool - the room didn't have air con, but did have a real opening window and plenty of space. The second time we were on the sixth floor, in a room with an uncontrolable a/c unit, and right next to the lift machinery! The pool is unheated, spacious and seems little used which is a pity. The staff were freindly and helpful. There are two parts of the hotel, one part seems to require a change of lifts on the third floor. The diner next door offers splendid value breakfasts, and the best pancakes we found anywhere in North America! For a budget evening meal, cross the street to the Kraft Restaurant. The Travel Inn is an excellent budget stay, very conveniently located with all the amenities you need (except an in-room coffee maker).	
Oct 2 2003	Perfect!	Have stayed here a few times. Can't beat the price and location. Free parking a bonus! One of the few hotels in the city with a pool. Would stay here anytime	
Sep 16 2003	Excellent Place to Stay	We spent three days in NYC and Stayed at the Travel In Hotel. Very nice hotel with free parking. Convient to just about everything and has a pool on the third floor. Two block from Times Square. Clean rooms good service and police employees. Will stay there whenever in NY	
Jul 24 2003	A Hidden Treasure For the Traveling Family	For a large city this is quite a deal! The price is reasonable(2 adults, 2children, $150). That may seem high but then there arent the hiden costs for parking and such and you don't have a community bathroom, and there is a small fitness facility and pool. There is free parking and you are in an awesome location! Just a few short blocks a way are great restaurants, Broadway shows, shopping, and all of the excitement of Times Square! Very convenient and allowed us to spend our money in the city not where we stayed.	
Jul 23 2003	very nice value	We operate several group tour series with this property. We have never had a complaint about the hotel quality or location. I would rate it at about 3-stars. Great people to work with!	
Jul 21 2003	Very pleased!		
Jul 16 2003	Travel Inn superb value		
Jul 15 2003	Great Location		
Jul 14 2003	Hard to beat: Swimming Pool and Free Parking		
Jun 29 2003	Best Bargain In Manhattan		
Jun 23 2003	Highly Recommend		
Feb 13 2003	I'm going back		
Jan 8 2003	we love this place		
Oct 7 2002	An amazing bargain and a swimming popl too!		
Sep 17 2001	value for money accommodation		
Oct 18 2009 	aceptable para lo que dicen que es Nueva York		
Oct 8 2009 	perfetto per 3 giorni		
Oct 7 2009 	calme		
Oct 5 2009 	Mussten in ein anderes Hotel umziehen		
Sep 22 2009 	Urlaub in New York		
Aug 24 2009	Hotel propre et bien situ		
Aug 21 2009 	bon rapport qualit/prix		
Aug 6 2009 	trs bonne adresse		
Jul 8 2009 	Personnel grossier et dsagrable		
Jul 1 2009 	Impersonale		
Jun 17 2009 	tres bon emplacement		
Apr 20 2009 	Emplacement propret rapport qualit prix excellent		
Apr 10 2009	Ottimo combinazione qualit-prezzo Ottimo per ogni spostamento		
Mar 3 2009 	Trs bon rapport qualit prix		
Feb 28 2009 	?????		
Feb 20 2009 	tolles gnstiges Hotel in perfekter Lage		
Jan 6 2009 	Perfekte Ausgangsbasis fr Besichtigungen in New York		
Nov 29 2008 	Buchen !		
Aug 19 2008 	Buon hotel a New York		
Aug 4 2008 	sjour fantastique		
May 18 2008	besser als erwartet!		
Mar 9 2008 	Hotel tres professionnel		
Jan 17 2008	muy cntrico		
Aug 16 2007	Ma fille avait perdu son porte-feuille		
Sep 28 2006 	Bon rapport qualit-prix		
Jun 27 2006	Hotel strategico		
Oct 4 2005	Tout pour plaire		
