Nov 26 2009 	Please read this before you book - Rooms are a dump and management is a joke	Here's a run down of the issues with the apartment we're staying in:- shower water runs at a trickle- 1/2 the lights in bathroom don't work- mold in the bathroom- main room was a mess, looked like it hadn't been vacumned and cleaned- furniture was busted up to the point where one side was falling apart with nails and plyboard sticking out. This is great by the way with little kids.- god awful bed- 1 blanket for an apt that's supposed to sleep 4 peopleWhen we called to complain they promised to send a cleaner and the property manager over in the AM and to call us back. By noon the next day, I called them back since I hadn't heard back yet and was told &quot;they are not doing general cleanings&quot; even though the cleaners were next door cleaning other apartments in the building. They then said no one was coming over to look at the situation until the following day, which was 2 days later from the time we reported the situation. In addition, I asked to be moved to one of the clean rooms that were empty, but was told they couldn't do that because then this room would be dirty and they aren't doing any cleanings. Ridiculous!Supposedly they will be sending a cleaner tomorrow 2 days after we reported the issue, which is a day before we're leaving. We also haven't been able to reach a manager since it's Thanksgiving, The management of the building is completely unreasonable and not helpful at all. I'm being told to email my issues to the management since I can't get them on the phone.Needless to say, we will never stay in one of these apartments again and I definitely hope all readers of this avoid this place as well. Consider yourself warned.	
Nov 16 2009 	Like staying at a friends! Clean convenient safe and independent.	This is an APARTMENT!!! NOT a hotel.There is no &quot;service&quot; besides a doorman who makes sure people don't get in who arent supposed to, but pizza delivery does :) and they will order an airport transfer for you if needed.They have kitchen facilities and a grocery store close buy. Its one block from the 72nd street subway with access to the Main routes #1 and #2 express.There is an awsome restaurant for breaky less than 2 blocks away and a Loehmans for shopping the same distance. You feel like a resident for sure staying here. There is the cutest Tea Shop not far called Alice's Tea Cup (wicked scones, but no coffee).WARNING the Futons ARE NOT COMFY but are bearable....just sayin....	
Oct 26 2009 	Room for improvement	We stayed with 2 small children to be near friends on Upper West Side - so location was perfect and as other reviews have noted, this is a great part of NYC for local shops, restaurants and proximity to midtown and transport options. The room on level 17 was basic but clean. There was a huge outdoor deck that we didn't really use and the single bathroom was very cramped - a generous sized person would find it difficult to use the toilet ! The most disappointing thing about the Woogo is that you feel that with just a little attention to detail this could be much better value for money. Sofa bed was uncomfortable and wouldn't suit adults. Sheets and pillows were very poor quality and the bathroom soap pinched from a competitor was a unique touch ! ? Probably would try somewhere else next time for the money.	
Oct 22 2009 	Great location clean enough	Location, very near (1,2,3) metro: Only 5-10min to Times Square and 10-15min PennSt [-&gt;Macy´s] / Tribeca / Soho. 900m/10 min to Lincoln Center by foot. Also near Central Park, Dakota, Strawberry Fields. Nearby many not over-priced good restaurants, Fairway-market (excellent grocery) &amp; other services. Very nice neighbourhood.We had 17th floor penthhouse w/1 bedroom, spacious living room (with lcd tv), huge roof top terrace with beautiful skyline + bathroom. Next to famous and historical Ansonia building. Small, good enough kitchenette: coffee maker, fridge.Clean - small bathroom, but OK.Check in/out fast. Reception ordered taxi back to JFK, but no actual &quot;overall service&quot; (which we didn´t need). Open 8am-10pm, but 24/7 security.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great location no frills felt like a NYC resident	This location is at 72nd and Broadway. Right around the corner is the subway stop so it is extremely convenient (and one of the reasons why we picked this place). The room was larger than we had thought based on previous reviews - adequate space for a double bed, small couch (not the most comfortable fold-out bed, but it worked), and a small kitchen with a counter. The closet was roomy and nearly a walk-in, and the bathroom was small but clean. There was a normal sized shower, small sink (no counter space unfortunately) and a toilet - the basics, essentially. The room had a large TV and a small dining table with two chairs as well as an ottoman. The view we had on the 6th floor was of the building across the street. We were woken up most of the days by 7:30 because of a garbage truck making constant noise. The only other complaint we had was that you had to request cleaning either very early in the morning the day you want it or have to wait another day, so we never got our room cleaned that week. Note this is not hotel-like service where you have automatic cleaning. This worked for us though. Overall we felt like long-term residents of NYC with a mini-apartment to go home to at the end of the day!	
Sep 15 2009 	Beware!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	Stayed at the Woogoo on 73rd st over Labour day w/e. Front desk was nice enough to check us in early. What was not revealed is there are no staff available after 9 or 10pm to help if you have any issues. You reach a front desk person who works for the apartment building the woogoo apartment are in. There were roaches in the room and the TV in the bedroom did not work after being told the TV woud be fixed for 2 days then I was told the TV only works with a DVD player ( even though I was told there would be 2 TVs upon booking). We were a party of 4 and were only provided with 1 key and had to leave it at the front desk if we went out seperately to get back into the apartment. Nice location BUTTTT?????	
Sep 1 2009 	If you expect service No. If you want convinience Yes.	Rather no frills. It is in a good location on Broadway and 73rd just next to the subway. Rooms feature a kitchenette. Bath had no plug but didn't mind as I could still shower. Was convinient that I didnt have to constantly buy food. I could simply reheat ( 3 weeks I was here) in the microwave and had a fridge and bits and pieces. Bed was ok but couldnt adjust aircon. Though the building is almost 100years old I think, just check the plaque next to the entrance. Would stay here again for the convinience with my long term stays and its location. But for some luxury and someone to look after your stay, thats what a true hotel is for.	
Aug 21 2009 	Nice Hotel with good location	My friend and i booked our hotel online and was very exited to see if the room would look like in the pictures. And i can only say id did. The room was clean, with a nice bathroom and walk in closet. The staff was friendly and helped us storage our luagage for three days while we were on a small trip to Niagara Falls. The only remark was that they didnt change our towels and sheets for the 7 days we where there. Overall i can only say that it was a good hotel and definitly our mony worth.	
Aug 16 2009 	Fabulous room clean friendly staff safecomforatble	I've read the neagative reviews and either the management is new altogether or has changed. I stayed for 16 days with my mother and teenage daughter. When we checked in, the lobby was average in appearance at best and we were a little concerned. We were still concerned when we stepped off the elevator into the hall. The appearance was fine but it was warm and humid and a little musty smelling. When we opened the room to our apartment, it was beautiful. It had hardwood floors and the whole apartment had a fresh smell. Everything worked well: A/C, plumbing, kitchen appliances. The staff was super friendly and accomodated every request in a prompt manner. They suggested restaurants, gave us tips for negotiating New York, and we felt very secure with a 24 hour front desk. They even saved us from missing our flight when we did not notice that our shuttle vouchers required a 24 hour pre-scheduling. The lady at the front desk personally flagged down a mini van taxi to take us to the airport. The price could not be beat! Very convenient section of the city, Upper West Side. One block from 1 train and minutes from extraordinary restaurants and shopping	
Aug 9 2009 	Well worth the money	Stayed there with my wife last Feb. for a weekend. The Woogo is everything they say it is - a no frills hotel. Don't expect the NY Palace. Expect a decent room, in a nice area, a great location at an amazing price. Virtually all of the bad reviews are from people who expected a full service hotel.	
Jul 30 2009 	Dissapointing!	Cable box was useless! No signal on the TV at all. I asked the hotel staff to check the cable service and they said there was nothing they could about it (?) until the following business day (I was there Friday to Sunday!). The room was tiny and the drain in the shower was clogged so the water would easily spill out into the restroom floor. They also said I would get a 10% refund for not having cable service but after three months I haven't seen a dime.My advice: AVOID this PLACE - not worth the money.The only positive thing is the location, that's all.	
Jul 16 2009 	Would stay here again!	We visited new york for our joint birthday celebrations and stayed in the woogo, and we found it fine, the reception staff were young guys who were extremely helpful and pleasant. The room was a studio and was an ok size, felt very much &quot;new york&quot; and it was handy having the kitchen area. We felt safe here, and it was clean, the subway is just along the road and its right near the dakota building and strawberry fields part of central park. There is a great diner near the subway which i cant remember the name but its next to a card shop and florist, and it is like walking into a film set of 60,s NYC, and they do great bagels and coffee.We enjoyed our stay here and yes there are probably hotels more plush in the city, but we will defo be going back to stay at Woogo.	
Jul 14 2009 	Never again - came back to find all my stuff gone	I flew over from the UK and arrived needing a shower. There was no hot water. when they told me it was coming in half an hour it took an hour and then it was filthy. i filled a glass of it and couldnt see through it! next morning still no water!went to a wedding the next night and returned at 130am to find all my stuff had been put away in the luggage room including my wallet and passport. they had thrown all my stuff in a case and because there is no one there after 10pm i had to sleep in my underwear and could not shower as all had gone. had wifes medication in case and when i informed security guard he told me that if she got worse i should take her to hospital.an excuse of a hotel. the people who run the desk are young, imature and rude and dont expect to be treated nicely there. their call centre is also a nightmare and no one ever wants to take any form of responsibility.	
Jul 9 2009 	Very Happy	We stayed here in 2008 and were more than happy with our apartment, from what I gather standard of places to stay in New York aren't very high, maybe our expectations were quite low however we were more than happy with our apartment to be honest who spends a lot of time in their rooms when staying in New York. I would reccommend this place to friends &amp; family!	
Jul 7 2009 	You get out what you put in!	My partner and I booked this hotel through expedia. Only paid £500 for 6 nights, which at new York prices, this is an exceptional price. Ofcourse the pictures didnt really reflect the size or quality of the room, however it was a good base. The room didnt really have much natural light and it was very small, but the location really made it value for money and the rooms were clean! Bonus having a fridge.We used the location productively and visited a few bars nearby on Amsterdam avenue. Its also very close to central park (One of the best places on earth!) Also Sarabeths, which is a famous breakfast venue! Yummy ! If your all about the dinosaurs like me, then the natural history museum is closeby too. use the card machines for your tickets.I would recommend this place if you are a younger couple ( not meaning to be agest) No frills, but if you want frills and glamour stay at the ganesvoort!.	
Jun 26 2009 	My Recent Stay!	Despite some negative reviews I went along and took a chance with Woogo. I was very impressed upon arrival, by far way more then what I expected. When I arrived to the property I was greeted by one of the front desk clerks who had assisted me very much. The room I reserved was very big, and clean. The location was great, and very very central! I stood in unit # 1505 which I highly recommend due to the two bathrooms ( because I was traveling with friends ). This was my 1st time in New York and I had a blast! Thank you Woogo!	
Jun 26 2009 	Just like home	I stayed at woogo central park apartments, I was checked right in, my room was great, I thought I would have to sleep in the same room as my colleagues but there was a seperate room for me. I felt safe knowing there was 24hr security. The location was great too, the 2 train was right out of the hotel, it was a great experience!!!	
Jun 24 2009 	Good enough...	I wouldn't recommend this for a short-term NYC stay, but if you're staying for a longer period of time and looking for a cheap place, this is it. We were only here for 2 nights, and I wish I spent the extra money to get a nice hotel. That said, the location is great - very close to the subway and within a walkable distance to Central Park.	
May 4 2009 	Dodgy - Avoid!!	Booked a studio apartment on Hotels.com only to find out on arrival that there &quot;was no record of my reservation...&quot; Seems to be a trend with this place based on other reviews!Hotels.com were helpful in booking another place but shouldn't have got to that situation. Avoid this dodgy company!	
Apr 29 2009 	Great value and location.	The Woogo is clean and comfortable, what more could you want in New York City? If you only stay in your room I guess you would want more extravagant accomodations, but for the price, the Woogo is a great value.	
Apr 28 2009 	Not Quite there but ok	We stayed here a few years ago now, so things might have changed!! i have only just joined tripadviser so here goes.We thought these apartments where ideally situated, clean, and looked after, ive been in some real bad hotels in the US so this was a refreshing change.The apartment had everything you would need and it was clean, and well decorated, we never really bother about the rooms as we never stay in them long, only to sleep! one thing i found was the staff where not that helpfull, but apart from that it was ok. Location is why we booked this apartment and we where not dissapointed as there is a subway entry 2 mins down the road! also there are a lot of locals in this area so you dont feel like you are a tourist, we dined out in a few of the restaurants in the Central Park area and they where fantastic also.So if you want to stay away from the hectic areas, and mix with the locals this is in an ideal location.	
Mar 13 2009 	Can't understand bad reviews loved it	Woo go is a great place to stay if you want a reasonabll cheap place to stay in NY. Very close to subway, three minute ride to Times Square, great supermarket down the road.Can't understand bad reviews. This place is NOT a hotel. If you want room service and your bed made up everyday, book into one! It's like a little home away from home. Make sure you ask for an upper floor, no noise!	
Mar 12 2009 	Will definitely return.	Very nice apartment, when I will return to New York will stay here again. The apartment was within my budget, cheap compared to some of the similar accomadation in Manhattan. The staff were very friendly and the location was very good, residental and very friendly . Only a short subway ride away from times square and all the other must see attractions in New York yet not to close to all of the madness either. The rooms in the apartment were very nice, its really up to yourself how clean you keep them, however in our 2 weeks stay we did get it cleaned twice. All in all, a very nice experience, especially given the price.	
Feb 27 2009 	WARNING	This place is a dump, the service is zero, they charge your card without permission, i am still chasing up charges made to my card by them not authorized. The boiler pipes bang against the walls all night and keep you awake, the heater in my lounge room wouldn't work, when i used the power point in kitchen or bathroom the power would trip out and go off. BE VERY Careful. No assistance you keep getting told to talk to ANNA and anna never helps and just never really replies,,, although i bet she is busy with accounts. We are taking action through the appropriate channels to get our money back from them. They still owe me deposits they never have paid back. DODGY DODGY	
Jan 31 2009 	okay for what it was	Booked through expedia and we were only there for one night and were not expecting the red carpet. We got in late and left very early. The neighborhood was beautiful and quiet (for big city). We were a bit north of the touristy area but a train, a block away, did a non stop drive to the times square area. The hotel was not too hard to find and had a bit of a sterile appearance. The front desk had a minimal school like desk and the staff was more interested in clock watching than serving. I was to leave my credit card info with them and was a bit hesitant about that but it all worked out. The room was okay, bathroom was clean but tiles chipped and so on. Don't expect to get an extra towel or special treatment unless someone happens to know where they are kept and someone is on the clock to get them. Like I mentioned we were only there for the night and it was okay for the price I found.	
Dec 6 2008 	What a Dump	Abandon Hope All Ye who enter here.For the money we paid (in excess of $3k) I felt we were ripped off. There were 6 adults staying in a 2 bedroom, the place was like an oven, in order to get the room two any reasonable temp we had to keep the window's open.The electrical panel was constantly popping circuit breakers, the bathroom had enough mildew to choke a horse and the service was atrocious. You had to beg for towels and toilet paper. Paper towels? &quot;We don't provide paper towels&quot;. The ceiling in the bathroom was falling apart, the doorway into the bathroom was rusting and was jury rigged from it's original use. The main door coming into the apartment was the least secure door I had ever seen and was obviously jimmied on multiple occaisions. Every door in the place rattled all night long.	
Dec 3 2008	Could not be worse	There was no heat and the windows did not shut properly. This means that we had a 50 degree night. My wife, who was coming to Sloan Kettering for a cancer treatment, had to spend the night sleeping with her coat on.In the morning, there was no hot water. So we went to the hopital with no shower.I called and complained. But they lied.Do not go there. These are bad people	
Oct 28 2008 	Veyr good quality price and location in center	Hi,I really recomend this nice LARA GROUP apartment in New York City. It has very good location in city centre - 5 minutes by walk from Central Park, 50m from Subway station.Our apartment has been very clean and comfortable for 3 person. (see attached pictures)You have to pay full payment in advance but don´t worry, there wasn´t no problem.Beata Kujanova	
Oct 7 2008 	Woogo - Terrible place	Hello,Recently stayed in Woogo. We were a party of three adults so booked a one bedroomed apartment.When we arrived it was between nine and ten in the evening. There was no bed linen supplied for the sofa bed. I went downstairs to request some and was told &quot;come back tomorrow - it's not my problem&quot; by the woogo employee responsible for checking people in and out. Eventually, when I refused to leave the lobby without bedlinen he got the message. How he thought we could sleep with no bed linen is beyond me. He was rude, unhelpful - and it was a simple request - can we please have some sheets and some duvets/slumberdowns for the sofabed.The sofabed mattress was thin and not comfortable, i.e. springs and bars stick into you, we ended up sleeping on the floor on sofa cushions because it was so uncomfortable.The bedroom had no door - when we enquired why there was no door, we were told that &quot;it ws designed that way&quot;. The door frame had hinges still attached, so that seems unlikely. The bedroom with no door was right next to the kitchenette, so a door would have been nice.My husband found a cockroach but these are common in NYC.Noise - unbelievable noise every second morning at around 5am. This was caused by rubbish collection, our apartment was right at the front of the building so we dreaded the early morning wake up call. We requested several times to be moved, finally one nice member of staff offered to move us, but this was after five days and nights of requesting it.We were there for a week - when we requested that our apartment be cleaned we were told it would have to wait a day. That is a joke - they don't tell you they need two days notice to clean the apartment.Left luggage on checking out - they charge you five dollars a bag that you want to leave .We only stayed in Woogo because our other apartment booking fell through. I would NOT recommend woogo. Go to NY for a shorter period and stay in a hotel. The location is great, but the staff there are rude and unhelpful and if you are relying on a sofabed - you are in for an uncomfortable experience.	
Oct 1 2008 	Not Bad at All - Ignore the Other Reviews	I booked the room thru hotels.com. Since it was the off season, I paid a reasonable price. This hotel does not provide everyday cleaning, sheet replacing service. So if that is what you want, pay the extra $200 and spend it at another hotel. The location is great, a couple of blocks from the subway. A huge grocery store close by. My family stayed 4 days, and we made most of our meals in the fully supplied kitchen. Let me mention that I grew up in NYC, so I may be biased. I didn't need much attention from the hotel staff, because you will not get any. As long as I had a bed and clean room that was all I needed. NYC is very expensive and trust me when I say that you should save your money for site seeing rather than a hotel room. The rooms are very sparce, but you didn't come to NY to spend your day at a hotel. Remember that NYC itself is old; buildings are old, surroundings are old, but that is what NYC is all about. You want new go to Dubai. The location of this hotel is amazing. We actually say Bruce Willis and his younger daughter Tallulah on the street. I asked around and was told that many celebrities lived close by. I wish I could move back, but too expensive for me.	
Sep 28 2008	Not under ANY circumstance!	I'd rate Woogo as a MINUS 10 if possible, but a one is lowest rating allowed , so I guess I'll have to go with that. The Woogo chain is the most dishonest business with which I have ever dealt. Long story short: In 2005 ,( YES, that's right -2005! ), we reserved a room at their Lincoln Square location . Only days later my son was diagnosed with Bells Palsy and was advised by his doctors he should not fly for several months. When I contacted Woogo , they said no problem , my full payment of $800 would be returned , minus a bogus &quot;processing fee&quot;, within 30 days. Stupidly , I believed them . By the time I figured out they had no intention of honoring their promise of a refund too much time had passed for me to void the transaction thru my credit card. Well, after THREE YEARS , and my having my attorney contact their upper management , I still don't have a cent of my money! I've heard every excuse, and had many promises, but still no refund. UNBELIEVABLE! Without a doubt , bar none , my worst experience as a consumer EVER! Do not trust anything they say!	
Sep 16 2008 	Felt like a true New Yorker!	Stayed here back in May, I found it after looked for apartments after realising I would be paying loads of money for a hotel. I think we paid £900 for 8 nights and most other hotels were around £1500. We booked through the Lara Group direct. Location is excellent, really close to a mainline Subway station and a 1 week pass was so cheap. About a 5 min walk from Fairway supermarket which is a great place for any supplies and also very cheap as all the locals shop there. Lots of nice restaurants around and as you are away from the main centre of NY you don't feel like you are being ripped off. We got our breakfast every morning from a man in a cart for about £3 for 2 of us! You shouldn't stay here if you want your bed made and clean towels everyday as it doesn't offer hotel services but as I said at the start it was alot cheaper!	
Jul 30 2008 	These people are crooks	I booked a room here through Hotels.Com.When I arrived, I was told that there was no reservation in my name and that the hotel was full and the office was closed so there was no one I could talk to. I had to go back out into the rain and the dark and find another hotel.When Hotels.Com attempted to follow-up with these people, they were told that the reservations computer was down and they would have to call back. According to other reviews this is a common ploy.Do NOT do business with these people.	
Jul 26 2008 	amazing!	This hotel was absolutely amazing! My best friend and I spent a week in NYC for graduation, and the Woogo was the perfect place for us to stay! We felt like we were literally living in NYC for a week. Everyone was so helpful with everything... I had even left my cell phone at home and had it mailed to me, and they made sure that I got it as soon as it arrived. Both the staff of the hotel and the security for the apartment building were fantastic. The room itself was perfect... the bed was super comfortable, and since the weather outside was so hot, we always had our room like an ice cube which was great to come home to every day. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone! :)	
Jul 25 2008 	Three girlfriends found this to be just fine!	We were 3 high school girlfriends (1954 graduates) having a mini-reunion in NYC. I made the reservation, but then after later reading some of the reviews, prepared for the worst, including bugs, filth, crabby help, and noise. Instead we found no bugs or trace of them, a very friendly and helpful staff, and a sufficiently clean and quiet room. The location was out of the center of things but the price was right and the subway was right around the corner. We had a double bed &amp; single sleep sofa. The mattresses weren't top notch but we didn't wake up half paralyzed so they sufficed for a two-night stay. We didn't use the stove but the refrigerator worked and the small bathroom was attractive, clean and functional. We could live with a few carpet &amp; sofa stains and the price was right - each of us spent just a little over $150 for the 2-night stay, including all taxes. So all in all, we considered our stay a big success and we had a wonderful time in NYC.	
Jul 22 2008 	Woogo was better than expected	I read many poor and scathing reviews and I have to generally disagree.LOCATIONConveniently located right off of Broadway on 73rd. The train station is a 1/2 block away. Movies, dining and Duane Reade are all a short walk away as well.BUILDINGTypical of Central Part West. Very nice.LOBBYSimple and nice. Very cleanSTAFFFriendly and reasonably welcoming. ROOMSmall, simply furnished. The room was cleaner than I expected. No bugs. That includes: roaches and bed bugs. And I looked!The furniture was worn but good enough. The bed was not terribly comfortable but it served its purpose for a week in NYC. The TV worked as did the frig.BATHROOMSmall, limited space but functional. It was cleaner than I expected but typical NY. The important part was the toilet and shower were clean.THE BADThe frig had a funky smell when you opened it but I bought a can of Lysol which quickly took care of the odor (in the air, not in the frig).The mattress and pillows were a bit uncomfortable but it was managable.All in all I was happy with the unit, the staff, building and cleaniless. Definitely worth the cheaper rate and another visit in the future. Don't let the really bad reviews scare you away.	
Jun 28 2008 	I'll give this apartment a plug..... or two.	After reading some positive reviews in reponse to some poor ones, I have to say I was a bit disappointed. First off, the warm welcome. The two guys on the front desk made Jack Dee seem like 'The Laughing Policeman'. The room was large, the bed was small, and the air con didn't work. To be fair they fixed it straight away, it had been turned off at the mains. And it was very efficient. On trying to shave, discovered the plug in the sink didn't work, likewise, when my wife decided to have a bath. The toilet kept refilling endlessly, which was quite noisy. And none of the doors seemed to shut properly. Also there were no curtains, just some inadequate blinds, so we were awake at about 5:30 every morning, except when we blocked the light out with towels and cushions, and then we overslept. And now the good points, yes there are some. Good shower, clean apartment, except for some soap scum where the shower met the bath, and the top of one blind, which was filthy. And the kettle and toaster worked. All in all, I suppose the main appliances were fine, the air con, and the shower, I can live without a plug. Oh, and there was some noise from other apartments, particularly above us, where they seemed to be dragging the furniture around at regular intervals. As has been said, a great location, for subway and Fairways supermarket. I'd definitely go back to the area, but not these apartments. I'd hated to have seen them before they were refurbished.	
Jun 27 2008 	A great place to stay	My boyfriend surprised me for my birthday and we were looking to live a mini new york lifestyle for a few days. The apartment block is ideally located and the room was very spacious. It has everything you need. A big television and a small kitchen area to cook dinner or breakfast in. The room was very clean and we have enjoyed our stay very much. There is also a good size gym with a range of equipment, which we used once, but would recommend running in central park instead. My only complaint would be that check in is not until 3pm which is a bit of a pain when you have had along flight and you arrive early. Also the staff have not been particularly friendly but we would definately recommend this place.	
Jun 4 2008 	Great Value for the money	I totally *LOVED* my stay at the Woogo Tempo Hotel!1. The hotel itself is in an apartment building so you share the place with people who actually live there. Nothing wrong with that coz when you get in your room, you can pretend that you live in New York City! It has a little kitchen complete with pots, pans, kitchen utensils, plates etc. The room was clean and surprisingly quiet. We had a two- bedroom and both rooms are big enough. The bathroom is on the compact side but it's big enough to give you room to move around it. Just one hitch: bring your own towels. I think the towels provided were so old I just couldn't get myself to use them. Otherwise, everything was clean and usable. We didn't have a good view from our window, but that' okay. We didn't plan on staying all day in the hotel room. 2. The location was perfect. Although it's on the Upper West Side, it's only a few steps away from the nearest subway station which will take you downtown. Walk two blocks east and you'll find another subway station near Central park-- or stay in Central Park. 3. It's an apartment hotel, so there is no turn-down service or in-room dining like in a regular hotel. That's fine for me. I did need help from the door man to hail me a cab, and he was helpful and friendly enough to do that. The girl at the front desk was helpful enough. You can check your bags if you came in early and you can pay $5 per bag to check it when you check out early and your flight isn't till late in the afternoon.I'll certainly go back to this place.	
May 27 2008 	Good coud be better	Last week (May'08) we visited NY City and stayed at the WooGo Hotel - Tempo Apartments. Location was just great, half block away from Subway station, three blocks away from Central Park (south). Overall our room (studio) was ok, but most say that we booked for a Studio with Queen bed and had gotten a Double one which made our staying harder when trying to get some rest after walking all day long. The room size was ok for us, it included a kitchenette and DVD/CD Stereo. The bathroom was also ok but cleanliness not enough. The floor has some marks on it that you could assume were from some time ago not been cleaned properly, same as in the room so, better not to be shoeless.Noise was a bad point too. Some guests were having a dog into their room so they left it alone on it and it keeped barking, if you are sensible to noise, take your ear plugs to have some rest because you'll be listening ambulances and fire cars all the time.Overall, I should say that it is an expensive hotel but reasonable compared to others in the city, if you have enough time to plan your trip you should look into other options as there are some lodges that are rated very good and are less expensive. Location is great. Room is average, not too great and should have cleanliness more often as it is offered only once per stay.	
Apr 19 2008 	Excellent place	I booked from one day to the other because I was running away from a previous hotel in NY, so I booked based on the value and the location, and this was just great.The staff was helpful, the room was very clean and nice. It was a little apartament, with kitchinette, renewed bathroom, big TV, a living room and the bedroom. The price was around USD 150 per night, with the 3rd night for free.The place is three blocks away from the Dakota Building, and the Subway is one block distance. Definitely we´ll be back there.	
Apr 15 2008 	A really great find - particularly for the price in NY	We are a couple from UK aged 27 and were looking for a great place to stay in NYC. We certainly found it!I booked this apartment as the prices of hotels in New York are just too expensive. I couldn't find anything that looked comparable to these apartments for the money. We prefer to spend our money enjoying the sights and eating great food rather than being too picky about the accommodation.The reviews from a while back worried me a little but I know that some people can be incredibly picky. Remember - these are apartments not a hotel so the service is more laid back...The apartment was fantastic. We had a separate kitchen with table and chairs, walk in closet with iron, and a cute little bathroom (clean!). The bed was a little bit creaky but it was comfy and clean.I also had great service from the guys downstairs and I found them very accommodating.I would definitely go back, and definitely recommend it to a friend or family. The location is fantastic too. Just a nice stroll from central park and very close to the 72nd subway. There's a great diner close to the metro where we stuffed our faces with delicious pancakes, eggs over easy, canadian bacon and maple syrup. Too DIE for! : )	
Apr 2 2008 	Ideal for culture vultures with a side order of shopping	I was apprehensive, having read some negative feedback about rats and cockroaches, but our room was clean with no unwanted wildlife and no hints that they had ever been there.Woogo offers apartments and we had the smallest and cheapest - a bedroom with kitchen facilities (sink, microwave, two electric rings, crockery, etc) on the 12th floor. There was a huge TV. There's a launderette and gym in the basement. We stayed nine nights over easter and it worked out at £900, much cheaper than a hotel room and with much more freedom. Although it was very cold outside, Woogo had its own womb like microclimate. We couldn't work out the heating, so we opened the windows.It was fantastically convenient - the subway is just round the corner and we bought a seven day unlimited ride ticket for 25 dollars which was amazing value and worked for buses too. There was a superb supermarket, Fairway, just round the other corner and best of all a discount designer outlet, Lohemans, also nearby. Central Park was about three blocks away and crossing it directly brought us to Museum Mile.Our apartment provided what we needed and the staff, though not trained to be ingratiating, were nice if you were nice to them.	
Mar 28 2008 	It's fine...really	Went to NYC with my daughter in early March 2008. Was a little worried about some of the reviews (e.g. rat in the garbage). Personally, I don't believe that review was true. The Woogo was fine. Not spic and span but it passed my daughter's standards and she has a very low tolerance for anything she defines as &quot;grub&quot;.The &quot;apartment&quot; was bigger than hotel rooms I've booked in NY and had a really large closet. It was nice to have the kitchen factilities.Next time, I will request a room at the back of the building because the street noise is something I'm not used to coming from the 'burbs, but it wasn't that bad. Walls were a bit thin, but that wasn't really a problem, although a bit embarrassing as we were packing to leave because the couple next door were having quite a loud session!Overall, I would stay at the Woogo again. Staff not friendly, but I thought the receptionist felt a bit pressured and that was the reason for the her unfriendliness. The doorman of the apartment building was friendly and always said &quot;hi&quot;.Definitely no rats or cockroaches and everything smelled clean when we arrived. Great location!	
Feb 29 2008 	Wow!!	everything about it was absolutely amazing!!! three girls of us on holiday and it was just wow!! we went for a week.... and it just started to seem like reality rather than a holiday!! booking with hotels.com was soooooooo cheap and our room was fantastic!! we had two double bedrooms with plenty of towels... huge closets... a television... a fone!! theres wireless there too... wished we had taken a laptop! sofa in living area pulled out into bed... its on the corner of north face and urban outfitters is just around the corner.. as is a supermarket.. if u ask the guys at the desk they will give u delivery numbers,... we were lazy and had some groceries delievered haha!72nd subway is just there... its in a fab area.. subway if u can work it out then location is amazing!!just to let u know tho.. its not a hotel... other people actually live there! the staff are fantastic, helpful and friendly! we had sucha amazing holiday! ive been before so ive had the hotel experience.... and 2nd time was amazing.. we just had sooo much space and sucha laugh! we read really bad reviews wen we came.. and were quite worried, but it was seriously amazing!!	
Jan 21 2008	Know what to expect; Do'nt be disappointed	OK, this is not a hotel with services. If you want that , go find another hotel. If you want a very reasonable place to stay with a kitchenette, no daily maid service, great location in a good neighborhood for a great rate, try here.We are the types only there to sleep and then out. very happy. clean etc	
Jan 14 2008	Great location great hotel	Great location on Upper West Side, one block to 72nd subway station with access to 1, 2, 3, and 9. Levain Bakery, Buttercup Bake Shop, and Grey's Papaya all within 2 blocks. Great rooms, lots of space, clean, apartment-style accomodations. Great price--$101 per night with taxes. I love this place and will go back on my next trip to NYC.	
Jan 13 2008	I don't believe the bad reviews	I stayed at this hotel twice in 2007, in March with three friends and in July with my husband and another couple. We had the one-bedroom and used the sofa bed in the living room both times. All of us loved it both times. The location can't be beat; we never saw any kind of bug, or rat. The mattress on the sofa bed is thin, no doubt about that. NExt time, I'll ask for a feather bed to pad it with, as another reviewer stated was provided for her. It's great in NY to have your own apartment with the ability to make breakfast and just a few blocks from Zabars, etc. There's a small kitchenette with frig and dishes. It's small, but that's apartment life in NY. My son, who lives in NY was actually quite impressed with the size and amenities. But if you want to skip this place, that's fine with me. I'll be more likely to be able to get a room when I book!	
Jan 11 2008 	Ripped us off	I booked directly with Woogo and thought I had myself a bargain. Rooms are nicely decorated etc, and pretty modern. However TV wasnt working, sheets were dirty and the toilet plumbing kept gurgling every night making a right racket. I told them and nothing was ever sorted. They said id get a refund...and 1 1/2 year later ive yet to receive it. I have called numerous amounts of times, still being told il get a refund, yet nothing. They are compulsive liars. Hotel is good if nothing goes wrong, but if you expect a refund, then trust me you wont get one. Try and avoid paying all in one go, and best to pay as you leave cos then you can refuse at least!	
Jan 3 2008 	I really liked this place!!!	I am a young opera singer, and I travel frequently to NYC. For the price I paid, I had a lovely room...spacious and very clean and new. I was a bit concerned with some of the reviews I read this morning, and I wonder if they are reviews for the WooGo Midtown, not the Woogo Central Park. I really found it to be lovely and in a great location. I had an NYC friend come and see me who also said it was a fabulous hotel for NYC - plenty of space. I stayed on the 9th floor. I am wondering if I just got lucky with that particular room....but I would recommend the accomodations that I had. I do have to say that the staff didn't bother to bring me a hairdryer, but other than that the experience was A+. Very clean, new fixtures...nice appliances and spotless fridge.	
Jan 3 2008 	very good! great location!	brill apartments, clean great location. really loved walking about this area for new years. yes the apartments are reasonably small, but not that small. we had 3 people in ours. only grumble was that sofa bed was not so comfy and toilet flushing played up abit! otherwise brilliant! feels like living there!	
Dec 20 2007 	Perfectly decent room despite the warnings	We stayed three nights in December 2007. Despite the warnings we found our room (on 16th floor, looking out onto the street) to be perfectly ok - warm, clean, modern furniture, fully functioning kitchenette, large comfortable bed, and a great view! The only staff member we met was at the reception desk who seemed a bit taciturn but friendly enough. So no real complaints and we certainly can't report any of the discomforts mentioned by some of the other reviewers.	
Dec 15 2007 	Dont listen to negative reviews (On holiday From Scotland)	After reading all the negative reviews I have to say I was a bit concerned about this apartment block but boy was I surprised.Myself and my wife along with 2 sets of friends booked 3 executive studios and all 3 were spotless, warm and well equipped. The hotel staff were more than helpful and the location was excellant whether you wanted to walk or take the subway into Time Square and all the other main sites in New York. We spoke to other people in the apartments who had read the negative reviews but were also pleasantly surprised with their apartment.If you are looking for a Hilton type level of quality and are willing to pay a lot more in NY then this might not be the place for you but at the price we paid it was well worth the money.We would all highly recommend the WooGo for location and New York level value for money(as NY is not cheap for hotels compared to other parts of the States)	
Dec 12 2007 	Superb location apartment fine.	3 of us stayed in apartment 1315 which was a one bed apartment with a sofa bed in the lounge. It also had a kitchenette and 2 bathrooms, which we weren't expecting. Everything worked fine, including the TV, microwave, aircon etc. The rooms were clean and tidy and looked recently painted. The furniture was older and the sofa bed was in need of replacing or certainly repairs, but otherwise we were very happy with it and the location is perfect. A safe neighbourhood to go out in and right next to the express subway station at 72nd. The Woogo is run as serviced apartments and not as a hotel, so you shouldn't expect the same services as a hotel. There are shops just round the corner to buy things like loo roll and washing up liquid etc. (they provide hand soap and a couple of loo rolls, plus towels and sheets - maybe worth packing an extra towel) We found the front desk staff very polite and the night porter was a really nice friendly man. This apartment was cheaper than any hotel we could find with availability in December, it seems the whole of Manhattan doubles it's prices at Xmas.	
Dec 5 2007	Definitely not worth the money we paid	First, there is 1 good thing about these apartments -- we really likedthe location. Half a block from the subway, lots of restaurants, quiteperfect for a family. But expect some problems. The service is definitely 'take it or leave it'. They really don't care very much what problem you have. They get your money in advance and you will never ever get any of it back. One of the little surprises was that the price you get quoted is a 'cash' price. Once you read the fine print you'll see they'll stick you with another 2.5% to use a credit card. Our room was reasonably clean although once there, they will only clean it for you if you stay more than a week and request it. Weonly saw cockroaches once thank goodness. Most things functioned and all the pots, plates, etc. were present. The TV cable converter was not functioning so we got only a couple local stations -- trust me theclerks are not interested in fixing it. If you need any extra pillows,sheets etc. expect to ask many times until they finally arrive. It maybe a $350/night room but service is definitely not included. You'll need to buy everything because no cleaning soap is supplied, or coffeefilters, or salt, pepper... The rooms are reasonably quiet except whensomeone is talking in the hallway. We had a slightly deranged lady next door that seemed to be always angry at someone and often yelled in the hallway. We made sure we left quietly so as not to face her ire! Worst of all was the evil 'sofa bed'. It was so poorly designed and partially broken so I ended up sandwiched over a metal bar all night. Overall this place is horribly overpriced for what you get, andyou should expect numerous problems, most of which you'll have to livewith.	
Nov 27 2007 	Great location bare-bones hotel make sure to check room early	Make sure you check the room out ahead of time! &quot;Hotel staff&quot;--really just one person at a card table--are on duty 9 am - 10 pm only. Outside those hours, there's no way to contact them. A doorman has your key, but he can't do anything to help you. I just came back from NYC with my husband and 2 children. We'd booked on hotels.com. I called ahead to see about early check-in, knowing we would have a very full day. The person I talked to was quite rude, told me there was no such thing. Nonetheless, we came by at 11:30 am. No rooms available, but we did store luggage. I told them we wouldn't be back until midnight and was assured all would be well and to get a key from the doorman. Midnight, walked back from a lovely performance at the Met (there's that great location!), got the key, went upstairs and found...no sheets on the fold-out couch. The mattress itself was terrible, thin, you could feel the springs through, and falling through the webbing onto the floor. No one could help--doorman doesn't have linens; number left for after-hours emergencies is their booking center in London; etc. Luckily, one bed was made up and it was very warm in the apartment, so we put one sheet on each bed.However, the next day they were friendly, did bring sheets, and an extra few featherbeds to put on mattress under sheets to soften it up, so beds were fine. Very few amenities, but the location is excellent: 1/2 block from 72nd St. subway, a few blocks from Lincoln Center (check out Farmer's Market on B'way @ 67th), Central Park, Riverside Park, Zabars, excellent restaurants, bookstores (open air stand on B'way @ 72nd, used, inexpensive, stacks and stacks, sure to find something). Our room was clean, but didn't look newly renovated. I'd definitely stay away from the &quot;fitness center.&quot; So, overall, if you're looking for a hotel on the Upper West Side and location is most important and you don't care about upscale hotel niceties, I'd consider staying here. Do be sure to check in and inspect the room and open the sofa between 9am-10pm when the hotel desk is staffed, so they'll be able to address any problems.If you're driving in, the garage across the street charges $25/day, which is ok by NYC standards. It's flat-rate, so $25 for 1 hour or 24. It's the kind where they take your car up in an elevator and shoehorn it in somewhere, so allow a while to retrieve your car.	
Nov 14 2007 	Small Comfortable Room	Review by professional couple aged mid-30's from UK. First time in NYC. Very simple to book with Woogo on their website with freephone number from UK. Apartment was approx. 11' by 11', clean and comfortable (you are only sleeping there!). Small but not dubious staining on bed linen; comfy bed; no bedbugs or roaches; some fittings need revamping but should not affect your stay; fridge; microwave; large TV with 100's channels; closet space; medium sized ensuite; plenty hot water and towels. Very conveniently situated on W 73rd / Broadway (out of 73rd Street station, turn right at next junction, just past the Tempo church on the LHS); two blocks from Central Park and Dakota Building; lots of food shops to the north (6am till 2am supermarket that does preprepared food); quiet residential neighbourhood compared to Times Square etc. Even a tea shop enroute for Central Park! I enjoyed the convenience and location. There is a $5 per bag if you want to store them on your last day. Rated above average because I've not seen anywhere else for the amount we paid.	
Oct 29 2007	woogo do not stay here at all cost!!!!!!!	I am just back from New York today , if you want to waste your money this is the place to stay .The apartment was like a building site it had roaches crawling around, not clean at all, very dangerous if you have kids with you. I would rather stay in a gas station toilet than here. The staff were very rude when I tried to get a refund, I could not stay here because of the dirt and there was no refund. Stay in a hotel with a good name.	
Oct 26 2007	Nightmare at NY Tempo- Woogo Central Park	Sadly I was niave and unaware of trip Advisor before I booked my daughter &amp; I into these apartments. Like others we found the place to be filthy; stained furniture/ carpets. Poorly laundered linen. Very unhelpful unfriendly staff. However after being refused my money back and trying to make the best of things, a live Rat in the bin within our apartment was totally unacceptable. Not to mention thecockroaches. I gained little reaction when I demanded that the offending rodent be removed, it seemed to be an every day occurrence to them. I ended up cleaning the place and buying bed linen on my first night in order to cope with the awfulness. I have returned home and have no help from Woogoo Staff, feel throughly depressed anddisappointed having looked forward to this trip for such a long time.	
Sep 21 2007 	Outrageous	I arrived at Woogo Central Park at 10:30 at night with confirmed reservation in hand for two nights - a confirmation number, a pin number, and proof that Woogo had my credit card information AND that they accepted the type of credit card that I had given them. I was told at the reception desk that I had to pay in cash upfront for two nights - over $800. They said that after 10 at night they don't accept credit cards - this was never mentioned in any communication, not on the website, not on the confirmation. With no other choices at that hour of the night (I did try to find another hotel but after two calls and no success gave up) I gave up and went to an ATM and got the cash. Another guest was at the desk with the same problem. When I did get up to my room, it was bleak, shared with roaches, no security lock on the door, and a crudely printed sign on the door that was not a fire escape plan but rather a notice about where to put trash. After many good experiences booking online, this was a tremendous disappointment. The management blamed bookings.com, but I say that if you are in the hotel business you have a responsibility to your guests to treat them well and safely.	
Sep 12 2007 	Great Hotel - Excellent Location!	Nice, clean hotel near Central Park and Fairway Market (33 cent water bottles, fresh fruit, muffins, breads and spreads, salads, meat, cheese, etc.). Kitchenette was very useful. Clean towels, sheets, extra pillows. Bathroom was a little tight, but it was ok. Comfortable in a room with a double bed and pullout sofa for 3 people. Subway station close by - very convenient. Good neighborhood - very safe for 3 young girls! Hotel staff was friendly. Only bad thing is that they charge $5 for each piece of luggage you want to store past checkout (this should be complimentary). Hotel lobby looked great - newly renovated! Overall, great experience!	
Sep 4 2007 	great stay	Hi, please contact me if you would like to know more about woogo appt in Central Park. All i will say is that we stayed in room 1601 (last but one to top floor), great room, clean, not that big but had just cozy feel, queen bed (comfortable), cooking area, fridge / freezer, air con (worked well ), microwave, iron / board, cable tv, plenty storage space, good sized bathroom. Woogo located in excellent position in NY, west side but close to subway (one stop from times square by express train 2 or 3), supermarkets, good restaurants (try Mikes Bistro, Citrus, both walking distance), central park (go to Tavern on Green in central park for most amazing restaurant, pricey but cool garden to sit in). Staff in Woogo are helpful and will readily deal with questions and problems. Sheets and towels are not changed unless you ask them, we stayed for ten days and we asked them after 6 days, happy to oblige with clean ones. The appts are scattered among appts which are owned and lived in by New Yorkers so you might get a bit of noise as it is there home, we only met good people and our flat was never affected by anything or anyone. Price was good for ten days (just over a grand) although like other reviewers stated dont expect the appts to be like a hotel, they are what you make them and for us they were ideal, we would definitely stay again, especially in room 1601. I am including photos for you all to see, cheers, gary.	
Sep 2 2007 	Worst place i've ever stayed	LOVED NEW YORK, but hated everything about this dirty hole.Being clean people, we didn't appreciate the filth, grime and general heavy traffic this place had to offer. We did make friends with a few roaches that came out from behind the so called cooking area but I would have prefered to have ferritted around the bins to prep a meal. We even ended up going out on the first day and buying cleaning stuff as it made us feel better about staying there because the staff shall we say 'didn't care, and hadn't got a clue. Certainly won't be fooled by the 'stay in an appartment' vibe that we fell for and will ALWAYS book a reputable hotel chain from now on. Lesson learned!My annoyance was that we had booked this for a special occasion - I was stuck in the dilema of kicking up a fuss instantly at the moment we got there or keeping the peace so we didn't spoil our holiday – I know what I will do next time because everything about this place leaves a bitter taste in my mouth.Very unprofessional, even on arriving – my gut said 'dodgy', I wasn't wrong. After complaining to the people we booked through when we got home, offering to show some interesting pictures – we got offered a poultry $50 dollars – was the icing on the crap cake. Please avoid. Please avoid. Please avoid.	
Aug 2 2007 	WooGo Central Park is an OK place to stay!	I booked a 1-bedroom appartment at WooGo Central Park, because we were looking for somewhere to stay with our two children, didn't want to spend a week cooped up in one bedroom with them and needed somewhere reasonably priced where we could make our own breakfast and snacks and thereby keep costs down further. After reading the reviews on Tripadvisor, I was positively scared of going BUT it was fine. As other reviews say, there is no point coming here if what you really want is a swank hotel ( you'll just have to fork out a whole load more cash for that). WooGo provide an appartment, not a serviced hotel room, and there is no point gnashing your teeth about the lack of towel changes - just take extra with you.The appartments are not huge, but New Yorkers live in flats this size, and for us it was fine as we were out most of the time. The kids had the bedroom, we slept on the sofa bed ( which was fiendishly uncomfortabe) and there was enough space for our stuff. It was a litte grubby round the edges, but adequate, and I 've stayed in lots of far worse accommodation. The biggest drawback was the lack of air-conditioning, and the apartment seemed to have a curious ability to attact heat. This could be a reason not to stay here, but after weeks of torrential rain and low temperatures at home in London, I quite enjoyed it. We saw no bugs or roaches, but then we took our rubbish to the communal bins frequently.The location is fantastic: there's a subway station on the corner of the street, there are great shops and delis nearby ( the Fairway supermarket was worth the trip to New York on its own), it's an easy walk to Central Park and the neighbourhood is busy but not frenetic and feels safe. The staff are the desk don't fall over themselves to help you, but are civil and respond to polite enquiries. When the cable TV stopped working, we reported it and it was fixed when we came home. The phone in the room only works if you buy a phone card, but the staff will tell you this if you ask.WooGo Central Park is not luxury, but it suited our needs very well. What we paid for a week would have got the four of us 2 or 3 nights in a hotel, and you have to bear this in mind when you evaluate the place. I would recommend it to friends who are on a budget and can cope with a few fluffballs in the corners.	
Jul 18 2007 	Dicey...	The Checkin process was a shakedown for cash, offering up to a 20% discount, citing the Credit Card processing was ofline and they really needed cash. Have a cell phone, won't work in the building, the in room internet was offline. The &quot;business center&quot; was two older computers that required 7 minutes to print a Google map (this is not an exageration, you pay $0.10 per minute to use these computers that do have Internet Access, oddly...The rooms are very basic, Dorm like, and yes, double occupancy with ever present roach guests. No daily maid service, checkout before 9AM means leaving your key with the Guard. Overall, a third world experience in New York, great for the adventure traveller.	
Jul 17 2007 	I Liked It and Here's Why	OK People. Please understand what you're getting here. This is NOT a hotel. If you're expecting room service, daily maid cleaning, general other perks--you're not going to get it here--book elsewhere (and pay for it). I was quite prepared for anything from reading all the reviews. I was dropped off in front (front looked great) and then walked inside (inside looked great). I heard that the staff could be a bit short so I approached her with a sense of humor--it worked. She handed over my key and off I went. YES, as soon as you turn the corner from the lobby, the level of design drops significantly. The elevators are a bit worn but whatever. I opened the door to my studio and here's what I found. No bugs--yea!, nice dark wood furniture, a perfect nice looking kitchenette, an adorable bistro table set in the corner facing one of the windows (with a small view of the Hudson, mind you). I had a nice big closet and a tiled bathroom with a tub/shower. The one thing that jumped out at me was that it certainly could have used a paint job but after a couple of days, I never even noticed it again. I LOVED having the kitchenette because I could walk a block to Fairway (or a few to Zabars) to get delicious food to keep at home. I had a huge tv with vcr/dvd plus a stereo. My cable went out once and I told them downstairs as I left for the day. By the time I returned, it was fixed. Also, my room had an air conditioner that was a godsend--never failed and easy to use. The subway is at the end of the block and the neighborhood is wonderful--tons of people, restaurants, and bars between, Broadway, Amsterdam, and Columbus. As easy as pie to get ANYWHERE from this station. I do not have a bad thing to say about this place and loved how it made me feel like I lived there and not like a cheesy tourist. All in all, I will definitely stay here again. Also, just so you know, although I did not find a roach, finding them all over the city is fairly common--even in the nicer areas. My friend stayed at her friends in the Upper East Side and she freaked when she discovered a roach in this very nice apartment. When she called the friend in a panic, she just said that it's what happens and she'd call the super to spray again. I lucked out, though. Oh! The only other thing I'd suggest is to bring your own towels and if you are picky (like I am) about bedding, sheets. All the &quot;linens&quot; were pretty bad. I brought my own towels so I just chucked theirs into the closet never to be used. The sheets were ok but I think next time, I'd bring my own. Basically, when I first walked in, I spent some time making the place my own. I switched out the linens, cleaned a little more, moved a few things around, and went out and bought flowers for my table. I have to say that I was sad to leave yesterday!	
Jun 25 2007 	Dangerous for Women and a Scam	This place is beyond horrible. I understood that I was renting an apartment, not a hotel, but I was not expecting filth and danger. Beyond the tricked out lobby, the place was a slum. &quot;Luxury building?&quot; you must be joking. I was later informed by a friend who lives in the neighborhood that the studios rent for $400 per month, and Woogo charges almost $400 per night! The walls and carpeting were filthy. The furniture was stained and the bed linens looked slept in. There was no toilet paper in the bathroom and I had to get the night watchman (they don't have actual hotel employees at night) to get me a roll from the employees' bathroom. Worst of all: the only lock on the door was a twist lock in the doorknob itself. There wasn't even a security chain! As a woman travelling alone, this is extremely dangerous. The door could have been opened in a second with a credit card! I piled up furniture in front of the door and got out of there as soon as I could. Yes the location is fabulous, but this is dirtier than a lot of places I stayed in the third world as a poor backpacker. The desk person was helpful and seemed ashamed by the property. He advised me to ask for my money back. Once you're in contact with customer service, the fly-by-night, international scam nature of this organization becomes apparent. My credit card showed a charge from some hotel in Jamaica, and their written communications show that you're dealing with someone in Eastern Europe or the Far East. This is a SCAM, and should be shut down.	
Jun 6 2007	WARNING ITS A DUMP	Hi four of us booked in on saturday the 2nd until thursday the 7th and i ended up leaving a day earlier, i dont know where to start as its a joke of a place, firstly nobody cleaned your room thats ok for a night or to but 5 days is a bit much secondly on sunday night one of us flushed the toilet and it overflow luckily one of us had the cop on to lift up the toilet system, we rang the reception and they told us that nobody would be there till the next day so we had to put the towels all around the toilet so we had no towels for the next day.we looked for a different room and it was such an effort but eventually we got a new room and they thought that they were doing us a favour, we asked for clean towels and at first we were not getting them but in the end he gave them.all i can say is look elsewhere there is much better places there.	
May 15 2007 	***Read this review first!***	Ok people, please read this review before you read any others, AND before you plan on booking the WooGo-Central Park apartments for your stay in New York. Trust me, as a poor married college student, I understand that everyone is looking to get the absolute best deal possible when traveling--especially to expensive places like New York. So it makes sense to try and book the place that's only $195 a night, instead of say, the Marriot at $350 a night...But, if you want to save the money and stay at the WooGo apartments there are two things you must understand first!!1. THESE ARE TEMPORARY APARTMENTS!!! This is not the suite at the Westin Times Square, this is a low-key, low-maintenence facility that is for people who do not care about having their rooms cleaned everyday (because they won't be!!), or care about the frills of a nice hotel (because there are none!!). Think of it more like a slightly nicer hostel/ your friend's apartment instead of a full-service hotel, and you'll start to get the idea...2. The people that are working the front desk are your average, gruff, immigrant New Yorkers who are expecting you to understand the &quot;no service&quot; policy they adhere to--which is why you'll be met with a certain indifference when you come down wondering why your room wasn't cleaned today...Now, as for some of the other reviews listed here which cite the roaches and dirty rooms...I can't speak to any of that. During our week-long stay, we encountered no roaches or other rodents in our (tiny) room. Our &quot;broken&quot; airconditioner was fixed within 15 minutes with the flick of a switch--turns out someone had just tripped the breaker--, and when we arrived, our room was (moderately) clean, with no foreign odors or stains (including the sheets). Desk people were, gruff but not unkind. (Hey &quot;it's Noo Yawk&quot;, right?)Maybe the WooGo is just a hit-or-miss proposition, I don't know...But, I will say that I'm sure you'll have a better time of it if you go in with the right expectations...err, low expecations. Bottom line--if you just want to save the money, and don't plan on spending a lot of time in your room, this might be a good option for you. If you're traveling with a large party, or with kids, spend the money and stay at the Marriot--you'll certainly get no mint on your pillow at the WooGo!	
Apr 25 2007	Surprised .... and somewhat pleasantly	After reading all the reviews, I warned my sister and my pregnant friend about the reviews I saw here. I wanted to scare them so that their expectations were low and they wouldn't be freaked out when we got to the hotel.Someone had mentioned that Woogoo is not a hotel, and that is what one has to get into their head when they book here first, then you won't be that disappointed.The men at the desk were very very accommodating to us, and we didn't have any issues with our room. When we arrived in our room, about 10 minutes later, one of the men at that front desk called up and asked me if everything was alright with our room.I am not going to lie, my friend did see one cockroach but after that, we didn't see anymore. We hardly spent time in our room so for our purposes, it was worth the money we paid for it.The very best thing about this place is the location. It really is perfect. We walked a lot and also travelled on the very convenient subway system. If you stay here, be sure to go to Big Nick's it is dive but the food and people serving in it are quite friendly. We also shopped at the grocery store for some water fruit (Fairways)I guess in all, sometimes we get what we may deserve. If you speak to people with the same vigor you expect to spoken too, people will be open and for that, I have no complaints. I would recommend this place, but I might be hesitant to go there during the summer in the dead heat unless you can be assured of an air conditioner or fan in your room.We were there (April 20 through til April 23) and it was very hot at night. Thanks to some of the reviews we brought our own towel, soap, toilet seat covers and extra sheets for the beds.	
Apr 16 2007	not bad at all	i stayed in a 1-bedroom booked through hotwire. the apartment was quite large (by nyc standards), clean and well apportioned with new furniture and amenities. compared to the similarly-rated hotel i stayed at, the tempo was fabulous.on the downside, the apartment had a strong food odor and the advertised internet access wasn't accurate. turns out they only have it available in the 16th floor &quot;business center&quot; which costs 10 cents a minute. the rooms could have benefitted from extra towels and blankets for guests staying more than 1-2 days.all said, i was pleasantly surprised at the tempo's excellent value and will recommend it to friends seeking an inexpensive option in nyc.	
Mar 15 2007 	Woogo is like Yugo -- Spend your money elsewhere	I stayed with my family for 4-days in a studio apartment. I would say this is one of the worst hotel stays we have had. The service is downright terrible -- unfriendly and unhelpful staff.To start with, there was no mattress in the sofa sleeper and it took them two days to find me one, after repeated requests. The hotel room was very hot even though the outside temperature was only 40 degrees F. There is no temperature control in the room, and we had to use the air conditioner (with the attendant noise) to bring the room temperature to a tolerable level. There was no Internet connection available in the room although they advertise that they offer Internet access. There were only 2 towels for the three of us, and we never got the extra towel we requested. During our stay, we heard several other residents also complain to them about various things, but few got satisfactory resolution to their complaints.We would have left after the first day, except that we had pre-paid for our stay via ratestogo. The only positive aspect of our stay was the convenient location. I suspect the company survives because of unsuspecting first-time customers. I am sure they get very few repeat customers. Don't waste your money on this hotel. For the same price, you can find better options in New York.	
Mar 1 2007 	Great Stay !	We were pleased when we managed to get a great deal on a trip to New York through Expedia. Excellent price, direct flights and what looked like good apartment accommodation. After reading all the reviews on Woogo Central Park - Tempo Apartments, I began to get really worried. Dirty apartments, cockroaches, rude staff.....what were we letting ourselves in for? We decided we would grin and bear it, we were not planning on spending much time in our rooms and surely it couldn't be that bad? We were right to do so.... the apartment was brilliant.I think it is important to mention that this is an apartment, not a hotel. You are renting a room for your stay and the guys at Woogo do not have to provide you with towels, toiletries and other extras you would expect to find in a hotel.We checked in at 1pm and was told our room wouldn't be ready until 3pm, the guy on reception locked our cases away and we killed time until the room was ready ( I was still very nervous at this stage at what state our room was going to be in)Anyway, 3pm we returned and were given our keys and collected our cases. With baited breath we opened our door for room 205 and were pleasantly suprised.The room was a good size, double bed, mini kitchen, sofa bed and quite modern furniture with a TV and stereo, looking out onto a quiet street (well quiet for New york!) The bathroom was clean, no cockroaches to be seen (no need to use the cockroach traps I had packed then!) the bedding did appear to have been slept in, there were a few stray hairs in it, however we had been left some clean sheets so we quickly changed them and everything was fine.The room was nice and warm, the bathroom was really hot but we left the door open most of the time so it was no big problem.Overall it was a great relief and we can't complain at our accommodation. For what we paid it was a great bargain. Space in New York hotel rooms are usually limited. We had bags of room. The location was good, there is a subway stop around the corner and plenty of shops on the Upper West side.I would definately reccommend staying here.	
Feb 15 2007 	Great location nice and clean	I have come from the Uk to NY with my wife. We were looking for a nice and central location hotel. We stayed at the Woogo Central Park, the 9th of February, for one night.The room was very clean, spacious and you had all the facilities that you would have in your own apartment, even a cd player and cables. The gym is really nice, For those of you who likes to run.The price was great, $79 for two people per night. That's a bargain price for NY. Staff were friendly,location was great, in the centre of all the action. I could walk to Central Park, and it was a walking distance from the MOMA as well.Overall, it was a great hotel at a great price. Great value for your money!	
Feb 6 2007 	It made the trip AMAZING	After reading various negative reviews about the place I didn't go with high hopes, though I was suprised at how nice it was! We went for the NY marathon and it was a great base, just a short walk from Central Park, I loved it !The rooms were a decent size and it was all very tidy when we arrived. They weren't huge, but with 3 bedrooms they didn't really need to be. Sure there was lots of noise from the street, but doesn't that just add to the whole buzz of being in New York ?! The staff were lovely, and kept our bags safe on the last day when we had to leave so we could have a final wonder of this great city! I would definely advise going, I can't wait untill I can go again! Ps. There is a great little deli down the round, perfect for breakfast!	
Feb 6 2007 	Don't understand the bad reviews	I've read some of the reviews here since we booked - which worried me - and I can't help wondering if we're talking about a completely different place.First, the bad stuff. The sneaky 2.5% credit card surcharge, when there is no other way to pay. Read your booking details properly (I didn't). Then we arrived to find that the toilet was running constantly. A call downstairs established that the receptionist was possibly the rudest person in New York, and as you can imagine he is up against some pretty stiff competition. Unfortunately, he seems to be an employee of the apartment building and not Woogo. It should be said that another of the receptionists is a great guy, true New York type.The toilet was fixed within 20 mins, and that was the last of our problems. The area is nice - half a block from the subway and near the park. The room was spacious, clean and comfortable.You don't get full hotel facilities, but then it is not a hotel. Think about taking an extra towel as they won't have any more. What you do get is perfectly decent accommodation, with a kitchen facility, at a reasonable price.It doesn't really deserve a score of 5 because of the problems I mentioned, but I wanted to balance some of the other reviews. As for the person who claimed that they deleted the photos of the state of the room because management threatened that they would &quot;give trouble&quot;, sorry but that makes no sense to me. This is America - you're entitled to take photos of your apartment.All considered, I'd be happy to stay here again, albeit that I might read the small print a little better.	
Feb 1 2007	Woogo = New York's Mistake	Woogo Apartments on 72nd Upper West Side, New York City,The name sounds harmless, and to an extent, appealing. I must warn you now that this is only because it is located in New York City. The scam that is Woogo is apparently a worldwide phenomenon that has plagued the western world for some time. I was not the person to book the accommodation for my New York holiday that I had been anxious about for the final two years of high school. I had seen one review of Woogo Apartments, and I was not impressed. But as I finally had an opportunity to go to New York, USA. I would brush it off my shoulder as I would stay almost anywhere to get to New York.We arrived and upon seeing the sites of the Manhattan skyline pass me by on the windows of the taxi. However to be dropped off at our destination of Woogo Apartments Lincoln Center was soon to crush my hopes for the adventure that would be to stay in New York City. Upon hauling the luggage of my mother, sister and my own all by myself up the stoop entrance of the apartments of Woogo only to view the ‘doorman’ talking on his cell phone to one of his buddies, whilst failing to recognize that guests are trying to get into the apartment. We were told by front desk, that we had been transferred to the Woogo apartments on 72nd West. We had no way of hailing a taxi at 11pm to take us to 72nd, so we settled for walking with all our luggage, in the dark, at night.Upon arrival to the apartments of 72nd West, we were to open and haul all our luggage inside on our own once again. This would become a common practice. To cut to the chase now – Woogo lacks any management. There were difficulties in getting into a room for the night in the freezing cold, as the front desk ‘management’ didn’t realize that we were due to arrive that night. The room was a one bedroom suite. It was the smallest one bedroom apartment I had ever seen. I tolerated it, just so that I would still enjoy my holiday in New York. We had insufficient bedding, one mug between the three of us that we would have go and buy some plastic cups for ourselves for four days before getting two glasses. There was one role of toilet role and NO CLEANING done in the apartment for our entire stay!‘Management’ informed us that cleaners would come once every 7 days, but after 16 days, they had not set foot in our apartment! We became fed up when the toilet overflowed and I had to use my ONLY bath towel to mop up the mess, leaving me with no spare towel and no possible way to get one. The next morning we collected up all our bedding and our three towels and dumped it in their lobby and told them to deal with it! The next day, we received the exact same bedding and towels back in our apartment, I didn’t believe that they could have possibly been cleaned, but mealy dried! This vulgar and disgraceful behavior on Woogo’s part was enough for us to pack our bags and move out. While we were preparing our gear to change to a brownstone apartment on 88th West, at 7:30pm cleaners barged in to clean our room – disgraceful. To disturb guests at night, in their room with three cleaners who failed to clean sufficiently or replace the missing toilet roll!We left the apartment and moved to a brownstone uptown which was a heaven compared to the gluten scum of the deplorable and scandalous management that was Woogo apartments!We were scheduled to stay in Woogo for 6 more night after leaving. My mother had put in writing of all the faults and mismanaged aspects of woogo, to woogo almost nightly. Yet they have still charged us and debiting our credit card falsely for services and accommodation that we did not use! WARNING, WARNING, Woogo Apartments have committed acts of fraud. DO NOT USE Woogo! (I have reason to believe that they rented out the apartment to another unsuspecting person(s) once they had realized we had left!)I write this review in the hope that you, the reader, will not fall into the same mistake that me and my family did when it came to choosing an apartment chain to stay with in New York City.	
Jan 16 2007	"Top 10 Reasons" why you WON"Tt go to Woogo - Central Park	1. Live ROACHES (babies &amp; adults) on floor and on stove.2. Filthy stove burners.3. Toilet wouldn't stop running even if we jiggled it.4. Sofa bed very uncomfortable when pulled out.5. Cable didn't work-and they didn't fix it.6. Platform bed VERY uncomfortable - tossing and turning.7. AC--would keep spitting out hot air even when turned off or on air . Had to raise the windows to survive and use cold washcloth.8. No phone book-guy at front desk said he didn't have one either (looking for pizza delivery).9. No list of pizza places for delivery. Ended up very expensive.10. Fridge was dorm fridge size and on the floor-inconvenient.11. marble on floor of bathroom and hard wood floors were hard to walk on after a long day.12. no maid service -- had to ask for more toilet paper, a garbage bag, ran out of clean towels.13. Asked for extra pillow and was given a very lumpy one.14. candy and drinks and canned soup in room and fridge by hotel were like a mini bar and very expensive and a big temptation to children/teens.15. toiletries provided were very minimal-breck shampoo and dial soap (2 small bars).16. Charge $10 a day for internet access in room.17. No comfortable chairs-just a glass table and some rattan type chairs.18. They don't really help you with your luggage.19. Anyone overweight, pregnant, arthritic is not going to be comfortable here.20. Feel far from times square, greenwich village, union square, financial district. 21. Porn on the tv.PROS:1. Felt relatively safe in upper west side.2. 1/2 block to subway station.3. next to Rutgers Presbyterian church.4. Chiropractor office entrance in hotel (you'll need it after you sleep on the platform bed)5. One bedroom unit is spacious.6. Lobby is cool.7. one staff guy on nights is helpful and total new yorker.8. very crowded fairway grocery about 2 blocks away.9. citibank with atms 1/2 block away.10. cab ride to zabars/filenes basement/h &amp; h bagels is fairly short-great people watching in zabars cafe on sunday morning11. great water pressure in the shower 12. working smoke alarms (went off from steamy water in hot shower)13. closet was big and would have held a lot of suitcases14. Couch was pretty comfortable when it wasn't made into a bed.15. Near a Sephora.16. Easy to hail a cab up by citibank.17. You feel what its' like to live in an apt in nyc as many people do in the building-they just rent out a few units the rest are lived in.18. Taking subway north to see Columbia U. is very doable.19. Close to Central Park.	
Jan 13 2007 	Tempo of Horror	Me and my boyfriend were celebrating our 4th anniversary. We arrived in style at the Tempo apartments expecting a romantic time in New York. The lobby was quite impressive so we paid upfront for our room given a key and told what floor the apartment was on. When we got to the appartment the door looked like it had been kicked in. when we opened the door all you could see was roaches walking along the floor, we were horrified,we checked the bathroom which looked like it had never been cleaned. I stormed downstairs to tell the guy behind the desk who started to laugh saying he would go and get some food for the roaches. He came to look at the appartment and agreed we could have another room. the 2nd room was even worse, stained bedsheets, the seal on the toilet was broken and there were even more roaches than the 1st room. Again we went to see the manager who said he couldn't give us our money back so he showed us a 3rd room. This room was horrific. Whilst i was running to the lobby to complain my other half was taking photos of these discusting apartments, when the manager saw him he demanded that these be deleted or he would cause us trouble. So we had to delete them. this was proceeded by a further 6 hours arguing for our money back. We rang woogoo centra resirvations who told us we needed to email them. In the middle of NYC at 2 at night. Whilst arguing the informed us that there was no hot water in the property.Besides taking our deposit twice we still haven't recieved our refund. We were also charge a further 2.5% on top of the total charge this was a further booking fee.This matter has gone to Watchdog who have been in touch with us and this company will appear on the show soon, as there have been so many complaints about Wogoo and the Tempo apartments. Please do not think we are exadurating, this hotel is filthy and the company will cream you for all you are worth.Thank god for the Doubletree Hotel, it put our faith back in NYC. Please believe us it is discusting and will ruin you stay in a magical city.	
Jan 3 2007 	Area Was Awsome	I really liked this appartment even though it cost us £900 thats over £200 a night for a week!!! should have been like the Hilton for that money, which is a shock when after all its just a room with a toilet!Anyway, it is a nice place to stay, one block from the subway and in an lovely area.The only real problem was cockroaches in the kichen, which frightened the life out of my girlfreind and i couldnt catch them, so that didnt go down to well.The service was basic, what do you expect from an appartment, to be honest if you want more for your money book a hotel.I would not return or recommend this appartment.	
Nov 27 2006	Great time in the Big Apple	I actually arrived here after the company I booked with had changed my hotel without telling me!!! After the 20 block walk, I had a great surprise! HUGE tv, en-suite, double-bed, more importanly everything CLEAN which is always nice! Agree with some reviews about the staff, one or two were v helpful...others werent so. But if you're there to do your own thing, is a great location. 2 minutes from subway, 5 mins from central park. Times square is walkable too, about 30-40mins. Would def stay there again and recommend to others. Poss room was small, but fine for 2 people, and if you're in New Yok, the last thing you should be doing is spending a lot of time in your room!!!!Overall, v good value for money, if you're on a budget...you should def check this place out.	
Nov 27 2006 	Horrible!	We arrived at the apartment and checked in and paid for the accomodation (the full balance) This was approx 4 p.m.On entering the apartment we firstly noticed the cleanliness, or lack of. There was a dirty floor, a mouldy bathroom, a discarded pant liner on one of the bedroom floors, a light fitting in the kitchen which was not fit for use. We later discovered holes in the towels provided and a stain on the bedding which could only be desribed as either dried blood or excrement. There was insufficient bedding for the fold down bed.I contacted the sales office to complain and requested to be moved to an alternative accomodation, howver they did not have availability due to the holiday season. I was told that a member of the customer service team would contact me within minutes but did not. I called again to be told that the office was shut and I would have to wait until morning. I was not happy staying in the apartment but we all agreed to stay for the night until your advice was sought the next morning. The night was terrible and the girls who slept on the sofa bed were cold. We were up at 4.00 a.m (US)as we were all unable to sleep. I contacted the customer care office and was advised that again there was no alternative accomodation, as I was on the phoen a cockroach crawled up the wall in the kitchen and behind the cupboard. This was the point were we all agreed we could not stay any longer in what I can only call substandard accomodation. We checked into a hotel and had vacated your property by 7 am on Fri 24th Nov. DON'T STAY HERE!	
Nov 23 2006 	Basic	I was VERY dubious about staying here after reading all the reports and pictures people have posted, but it wasnt so bad once we got there. We stayed in an exceutive studio apartment. Very small, only enough room for two people MAX. I was expecting to see cockroaches running around the place - I seen NONE and you have no idea how relieved I was!There were no creepy crawlers anywhere in the apartment. The floors were clean, but the rug had very bad stains which I would say are there for good. I dropped money on the floor beside the bed and when I bend down to pick it up I could see old food under the bed which I turned a blind eye to! The bed was rock hard and the pillows are worse! Bring your own pillows!! The beds had hair on them, they were clean but the hair was still there. The bathroom was clean. Cant fault anything there. We stayed on the 14th floor and we had to sleep with the window open as the room was like an oven. The noise wasnt too bad either. We were facing out on to Amsterdam Ave/ Broadway which would have the most noise and we were fine.Location was ok. Would have preferred a bit closer to times square but I enjoyed the walk each day. There is a subway across the road but we didnt use it. We went for breakfast in Cafe Utopia each morning and we were very welcome there. The atmosphere was very friendly and their food was delicious!! Only a short stroll away from Central Park and also Colombus Circle/Time Warner Mall, which was spectacular at this time of the year. They have put up decorations and they are amazing! People just stood looking at them for ages!! I am missing the whole experience already!!	
Nov 9 2006 	Great for parents with small kids	After reading other reviews here, I went to my vacation with really low expectations. Good, because I had a nice surprise when I got there.Localization is not bad. The hotel is almost corner of broadway and 73 st. Subway at 72 is really close (that was our main transportation there). Central park is a few blocks east. Easy walk.The entrance of the hotel and the lobby are nice. Modern looking.My bedroom was a small studio, and when I say small, I really mean it. The place was clean and furniture looks very modern. They had a big (about 29, 32 inches) CRT TV combo, with DVD and VCR (see why is it good for small kids?)Additionally, it has a small kitchen. Fairway market is 1 block upstreet on broadway, so we would cook dinner (impossible to fine dine with a 2 year old daughter) every night and I would go to fairway every morning to get fresh bread (try the croissants).Service room was null, but we didn't have any problems making our own bed and washing the dishes (they supply dishes, silverware, even a toaster). Customer service was a mix bag. Sometimes the guy at the reception would be almost rude and someone else would be very nice. Better is not to rely on them and go on with your life.The hotel also has permanent tenants, so it is less &quot;touristy&quot;.Overall, next time I go to NY, I'll stay there again.	
Nov 8 2006	Happy camper!	I was in New York in August for the annual All My Children Fan Club Luncheon with Susan Lucci and I was quite excited to find a hotel so cheap! After I booked this hotel I read many awful reviews so i was very nervous but luckily my stay was great! Once I understood it is not a hotel I did fine. The staff was pleasant not overly out going but that was fine by me! My room was excellent with a beautiful view of 72nd St.! I never saw any cockroaches which made me very happy! There is a wonderful laundry room in the basement!I was very happy with everything except the blinds on the window let the morning sun in and I am a late sleeper but I just used a night mask and was fine! One night they were filming a bruce Willis movie across the street which was quite exciting! The subway is right outside the door which is very handy!Overall I was very happy!	
Oct 30 2006 	You wouldn't inflict it on your worst enemy!!!	My parents are staying there as i speak and are shocked and appauled at the condition they are currently living in! Firstly, they booked the Herald Towers, which in Times Sq. and then they received and email on the 20th Oct to say that they have been upgraded to their &quot;Premium Central Park&quot; location. Since their arrival they have had no water, the apartment is crawling with cockroaches and is far away from the original place that the booked. I have made 3 complaint phone calls and 2 complaint emails to WooGo about these sub-standard living conditions and have yet to received a response. My advice....dont stay there or booked through WooGo	
Oct 26 2006 	Don't stay here!	My husband, 89-year-old mother, and I booked a studio for four days. the apartment was dirty, the walls were paper-thin, the double bed and the pillows were hard and lumpy (my daughter in law said it felt like the pillows were filled with gravel), and the sofa bed was absolutely impossible to sleep on. The staff left two thread-bare sheets, but no mattress pad or blanket for the sofa bed. We asked for a blanket twice, but never received it. My mother ended up sleeping with her coat on. After two days, my son and his wife offered to stay a night so we could get a night's sleep --- luckily for us, they hadn't seen the apartment. After their sleepless night's stay, we all decided to crowd into their one-bedroom apartment with them and their twin babies. I complained to the front desk, was referred to the office on the 15th floor, then was told to call &quot;customer care,&quot; and finally was told to submit my complaint by email. I did so, but have heard nothing after four days. (I did get an automated survey wanting to know about my stay!)	
Oct 24 2006 	Excellent Value for Your Money	After reading the reviews prior to our departure I wanted to cancel the reservation. I am so happy we didn't. As I read the recent posting from Oct. 16 to the 21, I am truly questioning as to whether these guests stayed at the the same Central Park Tempo apts as we did as the description was an opposite of our experience. Our apt. was on the 9th floor. We arrived about 2 hrs before check in and were told there was no room for our luggage in the holding room - but our room was ready. The apt. was relatively clean. The hallway was clean with carpets. The sofa bed was fine but could have had a thicker mattress and been a bit wider... we laughed, calling it the virgin bed. The shower was powerful, the tv great.... ok, the fridge defrosted itself and they cleaned up the water immediately. We asked for extra towels and because of water and they were placed in the apt. as promised. And, people have to realize there is a difference between renting an apt. and a hotel - as an apartment comes with basics and you add what you need i.e. extra towels. The location was fabulous. I think the price was right considering the location and the costs of other hotels. Would I stay there again? I would and I would also at times stay in a hotel if I want the amenities offered in a hotel. But I would sure recommend the central park apt. to others.	
Oct 21 2006 	Cheap and not cheerful	The studio apartment is ok for one or two nights if you are looking for cheap accomodation and you dont mind putting up with a low level of hygiene. The room we stayed in wasnt exactly clean and the bed linens were creased as if someone had slept in them the night before (they smelled clean though). The bathroom had pubic hair on the floor and in general didnt give an impression of cleanliness. The fridge in the kitchenette had mould and looked like it hadnt been cleaned in months. In general the only bad point for this hotel was the cleanliness of the room. The price was right, location good and in general ok for a short stay in NYC. It would be absolutely perfect if they could improve their hygiene standards.	
Oct 19 2006	no refund	I booked a stay at the Woogo in Central Park New York. Woogo took the whole amount of my credit card immediately. I had to cancel the booking, which I did the following day. Woogo said they would refund me the money less $50 cancellation fee (I thought that was a bit steep, and most other hotels wouldn't charge as there was more than one month's notice).They kept stalling me about refunding the money and eventually said they couldn't refund it because they had changed credit card merchants. I have approached my c/c company who are trying to get me a refund.I would be very wary with dealing with this company, as in my opinion, they are not reputable.	
Oct 16 2006 	Truly the most disgusting and corrupt apartment rental company around	Along with the misrepresentation and disgusting condition of this apartment building, the management and owners should be thrown in jail. What a scam. From roach infested apartments-some actually look like crack houses, to the most godawful front house management staff and customer service, this has got to be the worst accomodation experience of my life. Hopefully some reporter or NY city official will read this and do something about this company. PLEASE, stay away or rather run away as fast as you can from this place.	
Oct 16 2006 	The City Dump is Better	Please read all the reviews and think very hard before you book this hotel. The internet pictures look nice but beware. The bathrooms have mold around the tub You cannot turn around in the bathroom. The water pressure is like someone is spitting on you. The main room was dirty. Coffee maker but no coffee pot. We had a mircowave and sink but no stove like the picture. The straw mat that they call a rug was dirty. The hardwood floors were sticky so make sure you don't go barefoot. The hide a bed was broken, the sheets were dingy, pillows were so old that they were flat like apiece of paper. Take your OWN towels!! The air condition kind of worked. The main hallways were filthy. The ONLY good thing about this place was that the elevator worked. Please don't stay here it will ruin your trip!!	
Oct 16 2006 	It was fine... no problems!	I stayed in a one bed apt with my daughter for 6 nights this month. I was worried after reading the reviews... but thankfully there was no need.Ok the building smelt a but musty like an old building but that was ok... i can deal with that. We were checked in in five mins... OUr room was on the 5th floor... It was perfectly adequate.We had everything we needed, the bedroom was clean and the bed comfortable... the sofa in the living area was extremely comfy too... We had ironing board, extra pillows, blankets, toaster, microwave and fine tv and music centre. There was no view, just a wall but that as fine because it was extremely quiet at night so we slept really well.It is a great area and the doormen helped us with where to get shopping etc... Subway and supermarket only one block away and walking either directiong from building brings you to Central Park or riverside park.... Also the shower , although the tiles were a bit old... it was wonderful, powerful and took away the aches and pains of all the new york walking! I would have no problems staying here again.. Real value for money in a great area.	
Oct 5 2006	Family Friendly Option in NYC	We have a family of 6 and is was difficult to find a place for all of us to stay without booking 2 hotel rooms. The Tempo apartments was a great option for us.We were in a safe part of New York City (Upper West Side). A subway station was right around the corner with another up a few blocks. It was also very easy to get a cab on Broadway (less than a block away). There were nice restaurants and groceries available within walking distance. A staff member was very helpful helping us arrange a ride to the airport.	
Oct 2 2006 	Our room was bugged.	This hotel is not for the faint at heart. My colleagues and I booked three rooms to extend our stay following business meetings in NYC.The neighborhood near this hotel is wonderful but the accomodations are nearly nasty. The lobby and staff are pleasant enough but the journey to your room is dirty and smelly. Our door locks did not lead you to believe you were secure. The rooms are spartan and less than sanitary. Ours came complete with roaches, towels that were not clean and even contained hair balls. If you need your luggage held after check-out they stuff it in a janitor's closet and ask you to leave cash on each piece for an unidentified keeper. It's just creepy.	
Sep 26 2006	WooGo's horrible conditions	i just returned from the whole summer vacation in US and wanted to tell about my experience of staying in WooGo Central Park accomodation. It started up not so great when i mixed up the dates and booked the place a day before my arrival. But i didn't know that till i got there. It was a first surprise when i found that the room had been waiting for a whole day wasn't even made. We took a walk in Central Park with my wife and 6 year old daughter from 8 a/m till 2 p.m (the check in time). What a service, specially when you get off overnight flight. After we got into the room i found ripped sheets, dirty sticky floors and army of roaches, hunting for the food. We are not talking about 1 cockroach we are talking about an infestation. The staff was told about this, and they promised to put up roach traps around the room, this sounds almost comical—do you think they would disappear over night? When I made my preference of staying at that hotel I did not expect such living conditions. On our second morning i walked into the bathroom trying to pee the strim of water rushed on the top of my head from the crack in the cealing. Shoud i suspect that the neighbours above just flushed the toilet? Don't get off bed during the night unless you REALY need to - you'll walk on the live carpet of cockroaches. I had no other choioces to stay for the same price and the bottom line is - never stay there unless you dead broke. Or check with the reservation servis on alll the things i just mentioned above. Good luck	
Sep 25 2006	Beware! Scam!	We stayed here in August this year (2006) for a week, having paid in full on my credit card in June. I thought the room was ok for the price, however when I returned home after a three week trip around the world I found that they had charged my credit card the full amount once more without my consent or signature. (over $1000)I called the customer service number and the man said that the amount would be refunded &quot;in the next few days&quot;, no apologies, nothing. I waited a week and nothing happened so I emailed them. A week later I got an email saying that there may have been a 'technical error' and the amount would be refunded, but if it wasnt refunded, to send the email to my credit card company, all very odd! It was addressed to two other people as well as myself!Anyway, still no refund a month after the transaction and I am awaiting my credit card company to hopefully refund the transaction, fingers crossed.Is this a scam to attract interest on the money? $1000 a month from one person (and the two others on the email?) How many others does this happen to??I would think twice before handing over your credit card details to this company.	
Sep 19 2006 	Unfriendly dirty terrible and worst company ever!!!	Stayed in june, 7am in the morning workers on the roof, leakage in the room because of the rain, dirty toilet, showers and on top of all bugs crawling all over the place.A refund was promissed over 3 month ago. 10 phonecalls and 10 promisses that the check is on the way later we still got nothing. So beware of going in business with this unorganized company!!!see photos to se the bugs and dirt yourself!	
Sep 11 2006	Dirty not service oriented and uncomfortable	This place was horrible, but for the price and location, it gets two stars, just know what you are getting into. More like an upscale hostel with unprofessional staff, no planning, and bad ammenities. The shower was not clean with easily visible mold on both the wall and curtain and the room had bugs, big and small. The second 'bed' that we purchased in the room was actually a fold out couch with a bad mattress, no hope of getting a switch for the room and my poor friend who slept on it couldn't sleep well. The only nice spot would have been if we were staying longer and could have taken advantage of the small kitchenette, something you normally do not get in a hostel like atmosphere.	
Aug 27 2006 	Plan before you Stay	The WooGo Central Park would be a place to stay if you want to get a taste of being a resident of New York. Pretend it is your own apartment and bring your own towels and wash cloths, make your own beds, wash your dishes, take out the trash, and be willing to dispose of the previous occupants dropped trash and forgotten underwear.The first night the front desk staff directed me to the 'managers' office where I inquired of two surley young men if I might obtain a wash cloth. They informed me they did not provide anything but one towel per customer. We were there 5 days. No one cleaned our room, brought fresh towels or emptied the trash. As we were checking out other customers were at the desk asking for toilet paper, towels and trash bags.It has a good location - go up two blocks to the Fairway Market and you're set for groceries - it is an easy stroll to a main subway hub, Riverside park and Central Park.So, if you are good at taking care of yourself and don't mind being your own maid, it was a fine stay . P.S. The Fairway Market sells trash bags and Filene's has towels.	
Aug 23 2006	AN Immoral Compnay Shoudn't be in Business!	Charged my credit card twice the amount as the standard rate, and four months have passed, they REFUSED to refund me! Cannot believe this! THis company deserves to be bankrupted!STAY AWAY!!	
Jul 28 2006 	Never Again At Woogo	I booked for three nights at Woogo Central Park Apartments. The first problem was that the staff didn´t show up at the reception until 20 minutes after my arrival. When the lady on duty finished smoking a cigarrete outside in the street, I could make the check-in and see the terrible rooms they run.The first thing I noticed was that the doors don´t have any lock, so it is easy to open them with a strong pushing. Afterwards, the floor was full of bead scrumbs around the kitchenette and a group of ants were around the mess. AWFUL. But the most disgusting thing was the toilet. Nobody had cleaned it before my arrival, so I found hairs over the shower floor, dirty washbasin, and the toilet hadn´t been flushed since the last customer,.....ABSOLUTELY DISGUSTING.Then, I decided NOT TO STAY any longer, ask for my money back and book at another hotel carrying all my luggage with me around the city . However, the hotel didn´t take charge of the situation, so I never got my money back.Please, never take under consideration WOOGO APARTMENTS.	
Jul 17 2006	Loved!	The staff is not very &quot;warm&quot; in their welcome, but I wasn´t expecting much... They are certainly not prepared for non-native-english speaking costumers, but we got along with them fine. The bathroom is very small, but kept in excellent condition. I think a large person would have a hard time getting around... The kitchen is well equipped, the air condioning worked just fine as well as the cable tv. The place was very clean. The location is excellent, in the heart of Upper West Side, just a few steps away from the subway. It was almost perfect for me, i´ve had a great time. I will certainly return.	
Jul 3 2006	Customer Service Seriously Lacking!!	If you are staying at the Woogo Central Park in anything but a 2+ bedroom, beware of the conditions of the unit! We stayed in a studio which was fine, but my sister-in-law stayed in a 1 bedroom that had less space, was extremely poorly maintained, the dishes for the &quot;kitchenette&quot; were stored in the only bureau so that there was no place to store your clothes. And there was absolutely no counter space to set up the coffee maker or toaster (you had to set them up in the bedroom), no place to dry the few dishes you had. The air-conditioning that wouldn't shut off was in the 1 bedroom, so the rest of the unit wouldn't cool, the bathroom tiles, etc. weren't maintained, and there were 3 of everthing provided (towels, plates, cups, etc.) even though the unit is listed that it can hold 4 (she had 2 adults and 2 children). Our studio had more plates, etc. that hers did! No kitchens are supplied with dishtowels, so you either buy your own or use your bath towel. The &quot;fully appointed kitchenette&quot; is really offered in the large units. When we tried to address moving to another 1 bedroom unit, getting more towels , etc. we were cordial and so was the staff, but we were told by the staff that they had no authoity to help us out or provide us with something as simple as extra towels. Getting toilet paper was a hassle too, to the point that we purchased our own. We called the Woogo customer service several times, were told they'd work to resolve the problems, that we'd get a call back, but it never happened! We tried repeatedly to talk to them about the poor conditions in the unit, but no one attempted to help, it was always some other persons issue to deal with, and never a call back or a follow up. Even after our stay when we completed a customer survey, the response from Woogo was basically &quot;too bad for you&quot;&quot; This is not standard service of a &quot;3-4 star&quot; establishment!!	
Jun 3 2006	Worst place ever.	We stayed at this hotel only 2 nights out of the 7 planned. Let me mention the good things first. The coffee machine was new and working. It was the smallest room I've ever stayed in during my 20 years as a travelling businessman. It was not even possible to have the suitcase open the floor, simply not enough floorspace. The was a TV in the room, and a cable-box. But no channels could be seen on the TV...when we complained about the missing channels, we were told that this particular didn't have cable?? Why the cable-box then? As no other channels were availiable, we were told that we could use the DVD player...too bad I forgot to bring my DVD's on vacation...BTW...the remotes were out of batteries. Guess that the last guests wanted some value for their money. But the worst thing about this place is THE NOISE....Walls are paper-thin. No carpets on the hallways to reduce noise.... So stay far away from this place, and don't get fooled by their pictures.	
Apr 28 2006	Never again	This was AWFUL. Everything you've read about roaches, dirt, unhelpful staff, small rooms, tiny bathrooms, kitchen badly equipped and out of use because of roaches, dirty sheets, dirty towels, dirty stained sofa, renovating work going on making noise and more dust, it's all true. I was there from 7th to 11th April for my 50th birthday and it was a disaster. But I loved New York and hope to go back one day.	
Apr 18 2006	loved this place	We stayed for a week in NOV 2004 in a studio apartment and really loved the place. We plan to head back to NYC in Oct 2006 and were hoping to stay in the apartments again. I was dismayed to read the poor reviews that the apartments have received recently.We found the location of the apartments brilliant and felt the area was very safe.The studio apartment was very modern, clean and spacious (although the bathroom was a little on the small side). The decor and bed sheets were generally cream or white so I can imagine that they may have become a little grubby.If I remember correctly we had brought our own towels with us so the fact that the towels weren't changed didn't bother us. There didn't seem to be a lot of staff around so I guess if there were any problems they might not be dealt with quickly. But then again if you're looking hotel service you should really stay in a hotel. We really loved the apartments and raved about them when we got home. They appear to have gone up about $100 per night in price since we stayed. Based on my experience I would definately go back to the apartments even if I am a little hesitant after reading the more recent reviews.	
Apr 10 2006	Decent room...needs better door lock.	It is not called &quot;Yourstay&quot; but is a woogo apartment. The room was clean, and perfect for one or two people. Excellent location. My only two complaints: although the building is non-smoking, I felt like my room had an &quot;after smoking&quot; aroma. I think it was actually coming in through the window, but it was noticeable. The second complaint, more troubling, the lock on the door is poor. It's one of those old easy to break into locks. No deadbolt, no chain lock. I slept with a suitcase in front of the door and a knife in my bed. If they put a better lock on the door, I would return to this apartment. Excellent value.	
Apr 5 2006	If you have any issues forget about getting any response from WooGo	- checked in on a Sunday - place was quite dirty e.g. long hairs and stuff on the floor and carpet, spilled drink remains on night table, stained couch, used sheet on couch, could write in dust on furniture; I was told the place had been cleaned- ended up vacuuming, dusting and cleaning the spilled drink myself because although I let staff know, they did not send anyone by end of Monday- construction (using power tools that made the floor/walls shake) started following morning about 7AM and continued for rest of week every single morning (later in the week the jackhammering noise only started at about 8AM)- Tuesday AM hot water was dark brown for about 10 minutes when I tried to shower- bathtub plug was broken and local maintenance staff were unable to anything about it.- asked for fresh towels on Wednesday (which I was entitled to for an over 3 day stay), but were never delivered; I had to go looking for them and when I got them some had huge holes in them- although I was told local calls were free, I was never able to dial a local NY number although the phone would ring (i.e. tried to place many calls for food delivery and never got an answer - when using my cellphone I got through right away)- called local number given by staff for two days (Monday and Tuesday), but no answer - found out later, after going to the office, that they had relocated the office to another room in the building and the number had changed!!- finally spoke to local staff in person and was told they could not do anything for me and I should call customer service and gave me the woogo 866 number off their website- called the number and was told that is not customer service and that for customer service I need to either call a UK number or e-mail them.- I was not about to call International long distance so I e-mailed them asking to be moved or that I wanted to check out- I still do not have a reply from Woogo &quot;Customer Care&quot;	
Apr 5 2006	Nightmare for 5 summer nights!	When I decided on this apartment in expedia, I was planning to cook breakfast and snacks while I stayed in NY.That was the biggest reason I chose this apt.This apt. is expensive and without such a merit(cooking meals)why did I choose it?? It was impossible to do that, however, because I can't cook seeing tens of roaches crawling about. My family including me was almost about to vomit.I couldn't sleep well because more and more roacheswould crawl in the room if I put off the light. This hotel was the most terrible hotel I have stayed.I told the concierge about this and even asked him to pass my note to the manager. Didn't he give my message to the manager? Anyway he was unkind and unhelpful They did nothing about the roaches and even didn't apologize to me for that.At last I e-mailed expedia about the problem. I got a reply that I could cancel the rest of my reservation- maybe 1 day left. My family and I got exhausted and this hotel spoiled our trip.Frankly, just lookig back those days in this apt. is hateful but I am sure that it will help other travelors who want useful information about hotels of his or her destination. My conclusion is that booking this apt., especially in summer, is throwing away his or her money.	
Feb 27 2006	Woogoo needs to go to Hotel School	Hi. Spent a February weekend in a three BR here. First, it is now run by Woogoo, not YourStay. Secondly, they do not know basic hospitality. We had to ask for towels, and you get one per person, no handtowels, no washcloths. There were not very many lights in the apartment and a third were burned out. The bedside lights are so small and weak, you can not use them for reading. There are no top sheets on the beds, only mattress sheets and I bet the quilts are not washed after every guest. There is room for 8 people in this apartment, but only one couch for sitting and only three kitchen chairs. There are no tables or lamps in the sitting room. The remote for the TV did not work . . shall I go on?beware, seduced by the website, but not againbill	
Feb 25 2006	Good Value	Three of us staid in a studio for 4 nights - we were very skeptical after reading all the reviews and seriously contemplated changing our reservations to another place; but since we were only paying less than $100 US per night for this place, we figured we'll take our chances.We were pleasantly surprised. Granted, by no means is this place luxurious, but it was very adequate (just a bit of background, we have travelled around the world quite a bit, and have staid in everything from 5 star hotels to dark and dirty hostels).The negatives first: 1) the sofa bed for the 3rd person was way too soft; 2) no bedding was provided for the sleeper sofa until we asked for it, and even then, the blankets they provided for the sofa weren't comfortable at all - it was more like a thick piece of cloth; 3) there was only 1 set of towels for 3 people; 4) the central heating was too strong - we had to open the windows every night; 5) when we were there, only 1 elevator was working, so it was a long wait.Now none of those really hindered our enjoyment. You can't beat the location of this place, it's about half a block from the subway and a 10 minutes walk to Central Park. It was in a nice neighbourhood - there was a Fairways grocery store half a block away - so you could stock up on drinks/snacks at your convenience.As to the studio itself, it was clean and nicely decorated. We didn't think that it was too small. There was a large closet with hangers for your clothes and enough room to put your suitcases in there, and a big drawer in the room. Big TV with lots of channels, the kitchenette worked great (although the design of the kettle was horrible - I almost burned myself several times trying to pour water out of that thing). There was a nice little table and chairs near the window for you to sit down and enjoy a light breakfast. The bathroom was clean as well. The staff was helpful, they weren't overwhelmingly friendly, but neither were they rude. They always answered our questions and gave us what we wanted.So overall, we really enjoyed our stay. Considering the price and location of the place, I seriously cannot imagine anything much better. I think it all gets down to expectations, if you are looking for fluffy sheets, lots of room to move around, and great service, don't go here. But if all you are looking for is a comfortable place to stay and the convenience of getting aroudn NYC without spending a lot, then I would strongly recommend this place.Oh, one last thing - we read previously that people felt unsafe staying here. We never felt that way (we are three females in our early 30s). There was always a security guy on guard down in the lobby, and we never saw/heard anything that would make us the least bit uncomfortable.	
Feb 19 2006	Satisfied all in all	We've been there last week, 3 people in 1 Room. I think for 2 persons it would have been the perfect size, for 3 it was a little bit closely, but ok. The 3rd person had to use the bedcoach which was a little bit to soft for me, others may like that.The bathroom was nice and clean with shower and tub.We had a little problem with the bedcoach, because 1 cover was not there. I went to the checkin-Room and asked for it. 15 min. later it knocked at our room-door and we got it. So absolutly no problem with the staff. I would say that every staffmember we met was rather friendly.We stayed there for 1 week, and there was 1 Cleaning-Session for our room in the middle of the week. If your accustomed to the daily cleaning in normal Hotels this might be to less for you, we had no problem with that, which means we could leave the room untidy, every day ;-))All in all we were really satisfied with our stay.	
Feb 1 2006	We loved it!	After reading all those complaints, i was of course wondering if this choice was that clever!But well i have to say we had no problem at all!We arrived at 3pm, got our room 15 minutes later and wowww the studio was perfect!! We had booked the &quot;Executive Studio&quot;(3 max occ) and it was big enough for a couple : a large bed, a nice bathroom, a nice little kitchen, a coach. Everything was very clean and like on the pictures! Large flat TV, clock alarm, hifi stereo, dvd &amp; vhs player ...Booked 2 days before we left to NY at 105 € per night, at just 5-10 minutes walk from Central Park, at 5 seconds walk (!!) from the subway and Broadway, in the Upper West Side ...===&gt; Well seriously what can you expect more in NY ??===&gt; The same room in any hotel would cost more than 300€ a day!!I admit that for 3 people, it would have been a little bit small but for a couple it's perfect!By the way, if you are a couple, I advice you to book the &quot;Executive Studio&quot; like us rather than the &quot;Studio&quot; ... you will be more comfortable and the price is almost the same.However be warned : it is NOT a hotel : no room service, no cleaning service and i have to say the lock door was no very safe ...VERY GOOD experience .. i will definitely come back there in the next future. Unfortunaltey we forgot to take some pictures ... but it is like on the web site pictures anyway.	
Nov 28 2005	I was happy with it!!!	I only stayed for a night over the thanksgiving weekend, and I found the hotel to be nice. The staff always greeted with a smile and were helpful, the room was nice and well furnished. THE LOCATION IS FANTASTIC!!!! It was well priced - I thought it was a great experience. The only downer was a moving toilet seat, however that was only very minor to the experience. THANKS FOR A GREAT NIGHT!!!	
Oct 25 2005	The Only Thing We Can Say Is DON'T BOTHER!!!	6 Days Holiday ...turned into 4 1/2 days ...because of the chasing up of people about the problems we incured...believe me a 2 bedroom apartment does not accomodate 6 people..it just isnt big enough ...just enuff room to make a cup of coffee in the kitchen part. Dirty bed linen, the mattress on the pull down bed did not fit the sofa. We moved apartment which wasnt any bigger, had no bed linen..had to ask for it which we didnt get, we had to go upstairs b4 taking the keys back and take the clean stuff. We had a leak in the bathroom 2 days running we had to wait 2 hrs from the time we told reception to the time a cleaner actually turned up, they then left the dirty towels and wet carpet in the bath in our apartment. Everything had to go through their London Offices.. we called a few times but all they said was to put our complaints in writing. Which didnt help us there and then. Had we not have had the kids with us we would have found another hotel!!What should have been a very cool holiday turned out to be a holiday from hell!!!	
Oct 22 2005	Bad Deal	I am use to expensive small hotels from trips to Paris. This place is a complete rip off. Our short term studio apartment was very expensive given its size and quality. The towels smelled of mold (left in washer for a long time prior to being put in dryer?) The comforter smelled of B.O. The carpet and sofa where stained/damaged. The dresser had a broken drawer. The room did not fit the furniture (could not open night stand drawer as it jammed up against love seat.) Bed sheets were clean but had black stains.If security is a concern do not stay here. No room safe and gap between door and jam means anyone could break into room while you are gone. Deadbolt that only locks from inside will keep you safe, but not your stuff.Somehow this place got 3 stars. It is actually a 1 star facility based on damaged dirty rooms and lack of security.For the sake of completeness here are the positives. Excellent location 1 block from 1,2,3 subway stop. Good TV with built in VCR and DVD and digital cable. AC worked.You have been warned.	
Aug 30 2005	They pulled the wool over me eyes!!! And I'm not a sheep!	I was very excited when my man Seamus decided to whisk me away to New York for a few days this August to celebrate our anniversary! Being the good Samaritan that he is, he also invited my sister Leslie and her husband Fergal. Let's just say that the excitement which had been coarsing through my veins took a turn for the worst as soon as we stepped foot in the building! After a long flight from Terminfeckin Ireland, we were very tired when we reached the hotel at 2am. The receptionist glanced at us as we stumbled in the entrance in a way that you would only glance at a fly in your Chardonnay! This was an initial turn-off and we couldn't understand his condescending attitude as we weren't exactly in the Ritz. Anyway, if anyone looks at my sister Les sideways she will put them in their place. Needless to say an argument ensued and we hadn't even boooked in yet! The receptionist was very rude and obviously dosen't work by the rule that the customer's ALWAYS right. We eventually booked in and struggled on our own to bring our bags to our room. This is when incident number two occured. I was painfully trying to carry my bag when I heard something crack. I dislocated my shoulder. Well, I didn't actually but it felt as if it was that bad... I was appalled at the lack of help from any member of staff. My poor Seamus had to carry both our bags in the end and I swear he is still suffering the consequences. He's only a small wee scut and I woefully miscalculated his upper body strength! So we got to our room and were appalled to discover how close the beds were together. We knew that we would have share together but we didn't think it would be so up-close and personal. It defintitely was not a good situation for me considering I've had a feeling for months that my man has taken a shine to my sister. Anyway, we didn't want the inconvenienvce of our room to ruin our stay so we put a bottle of bubbly in the fridge in order to celebrate our first time in New York. Well, it was in the fridge for less than 20 minutes but you would swear it had been on holiday in the Antarctic for a week partying with the Polar Bears. Now I don't have sensitive teeth but after I knocked back a glass of it I was roaring with the pain. Poor Leslie was like a hyena gone wrong and I felt her pain. She went into the bathroom to calm down before she turned violent, as the men were mocking us, only to scream even louder than before! There were brown stains on the grout between the tiles on the floor, and on top of the tiles, a cockroach! Despite her tough appearance, Leslie is a real wimp at heart and she whined for hours at the sight of the insect. It didn't bother anyone else though. Once I even ate a cockroach in a drunken dare.. No word of a lie. We just went to sleep after all the commotion and had a great time touring the city the following day. Night two in the apartment wasn't as shocking as the first but there was abad stench in the room which we couldn't get rid of. I don't think the rooms were very clean but at the same time Fergal has a bit of a body odour. So I'm not sure where to place the blame. At the end of our stay we were sad to leave New York but happy to leave this establishment. As we vacated the building we all hurled a truckload of abuse at thelovely receptionist.I hope that put him in his place. We were gonna pull mooners but decided not to lower ourselves to that level. Get up move out goooo!	
Aug 24 2005 	dirty	First night there was ok, though the lock is flimsy and basically anyone could probably break in if they wanted to. No chain on the inside so a bit weird.Very excited about the gym and the location. Everything seems alright until you start to look really closely1) Fridge freezes milk2) have no idea if sheets were clean or not. 3) Dust everywhere4) ROACHES EVERYWHERE5) Doormen make it clear that they hate their jobsDid not want to risk having roaches creep up in my suitcase, so I quickly packed and zipped everything up.I really wanted to like this place because of the location-but dealing with roaches as part of the vacation package is just too much.Wish I would have read the other write-ups before booking. I will be sure to spead the word..Perhaps the one on 53rd is not as bad...	
Aug 16 2005	A Huge Mistake!	Read this review and stay away! Family of 5 booked the 6 person apartment. Stung by local taxes immediately on arrival, full payment up front because if they let you see the apartment first, you'd leave and find a good hotel for the same price or less.We should have listened to the other negative reviews. This place is dirty, noisy, unsecure, and staff are unhelpful and disinterested. The accommodation is uncomfortable and poorly laid out with very small living area and dirty bathroom.This is not Luxury! It is overpriced poor quality budget accommodation and yet is marketed as luxury. The image of the foyer is quite different to the apartment you get in every respect.	
Aug 1 2005	Hated it!!!!	The desk clerks were not customer friendly. Each person we talked to said they worked for the building and not the hotel. Hotel personnel not available. The rooms are exceptionally small. When both beds are pulled out there is no walking room. The person sleeping in the bed has to walk across the person sleeping on the converted chair/sleeper if you want to use the bathroom. The refrigerator was frozen over when we got there. The bathroom had so much disgusting grout dirt and when we complained they said they would send someone up...no one ever came. We asked for more towels, because some were missing - no one ever came!!!!They have no guide pamphlets for tourist. You'd better have your trip planned out, because they are no help.Do not stay here!!!!!!!	
Jul 17 2005	Central Park may be preferable	We have just returned from a visit to New York and stayed at the Yourstay apartments on West 73rd street, what a disappointment! The apartment stank of cigarette smoke although we were non-smokers. The bed settee was dirty, toilet did not flush and air con in lounge did not work. The staff were unhelpful and at one point down right rude although the maintenance staff were quick to respond to the toilet problem which in the end my husband fixed himself! We were travelling with our 3 children so as a party of five the apartments seemed a good idea so we could be altogether rather than book 2 to 3 hotel rooms, the children hated it and could not wait to leave. We would say unless you want cheap and don't mind the conditions give these apartments a miss.	
Apr 24 2005	Anyone but yourstay	At all costs you should avoid this establishment ! The service is so utterly appalling you'll think you have been transported to some third world gulag. The so-called management is totally unresponsive and indifferent to even the slightest request. The rooms are of decent size only if you are under 4 ft tall, and the cleanliness is wanting. The cost of course is very high, and the establishment is labelled as &quot;luxury&quot;. Forget it !	
Apr 13 2005	Yourstay central park	Well, well...... Where do I start. I stayed at yourstay central park for 6 nights with my girlfriend in a studio apartment. After reading some reviews I was very wary but decided risk it. When I arrived ( I found the apartment easily - you are given the address with your booking ) I was presented with a bill (youpay up front) exceeding my expectation by $200. After providing proof of discounts and e-mails during the booking process we agreed on the price - TIP -take all email corrspondance with you.After that we got the keys to our apartment. Although a studio, it was easily big enough.There was a small but well equiped kitchen area. The bathroom was also big enough with a nice powerful shower over the bath. The furniture was modern and confortable and had a decent TV/DVD/VCR + internet access if required.It was also very clean. I couldnt fault it for the price.I actually liked the privacy aspect.You dont have a maid which I quite liked. You dont have anyone knocking on your door at inconvenient moments!!The real benefit though was its location. As a brit I found central park just a brisk walk away. The yanks love their cars so it feels like a marathon for them. Its just 10mins. I loved the feel of the area. The neighbourhood is very affluent but still retains a nice homely feel. Like Hampstead in london. I would not have liked staying in a hotel in the center of NY - way too hectic.However the subway is 30 seconds walk from the apartment and if you get the express train you can be in time square in 10mins. The neighbourood hasplenty of decent restaurants bars and shops.To read some of the reports it does sound like this place isnt for everyone - i.e. Donald Trump and some people were unlucky, but for me it was great!!See if you can negotiate at least 10% off as you will be given a voucher for this when you leave.	
Mar 21 2005	Better than I thought.........	We were in NYC from March 11-March 13, 2005 and stayed at Your Stay Central Park. The reason we chose this hotel (technically it's not a hotel) was because of the proximity to the Beacon Theatre on 74th and Broadway. Your Stay is on 73th and Broadway and is stone's throw from the Beacon so it is a great location if you are going to a show and need a place to stay in the neighborhood. Of course, our first choice was the Beacon Hotel but that was booked up due to the concerts. We go and see the Allman Brothers Band play every March (this was the 10th year in a row seeing them) and the Beacon Hotel is always booked during their stint. So we asked the person working at hotels to get us a room at the next closest place she had, which turned out to be Your Stay. I was reluctant to stay here due to some other reviews but I figured we could make it for 2 nights since we wouldn't be in the room that much anyway. I went down with my fiance and a friend of ours and the place we stayed in very much exceeded our expectations. We upgraded to the suite and had plenty of room for the three of us. We had a nice sized bedroom and my friend slept on the pull out couch in the living room. The room had recently been cleaned and smelled of cleaning solution which we weren't too upset about. There was a very nice stereo system and a big tv which had a dvd player in it. Everything worked fine. The bathroom was clean as was everything else. The positives definitely outwayed the few negatives there which were the following:1. There is no sign for &quot;Your Stay&quot; so we had to wander up and down the street for a while and ended up walking into the correct doorway after several wrong choices. 2. This place is definitely not a hotel, people live here permanently or for a significant time period.3. There isn't maid service, the place doesn't get cleaned daily or new towels.4. It can seem a little shady, people sleeping on the couches in the lounge, no double door locks, certainly doesn't give you a level of security you'd find at a respectable hotel. In fact, when we got there the doorman fished around in a box of keys before pulling one out and giving it to me. All in all, this place turned out perfect for our purposes. It was clean and the location was ideal. If you are used to staying in the Ritz, this is not &quot;Your Place&quot; at all.	
Feb 27 2005	Perfect for our family!	Our 2-bedroom apartment was as described, although maybe not quite as spacious. Given the great location and the price, it was perfect for us (4 adults + 2children). It was simply decorated but vey clean. We were within a 5min walk of Central Park and there are a number of good family restaurants around the corner.	
Feb 18 2005	Your better off at Motel 6	Well to say the least they screwed up. I was given a room that I realized in the end had not been cleaned (from the last person who stayed there). The shower curtain was covered in mold, the sheets were not very clean, we found a dog toy under the pullout sofa explaining the hair all over the sofa bed. The dish sponge looked like it had been eaten by germs and to dish towel wasn't happy either. The resolution by the London office was very unsucessful so I suggest you stay anywhere but here.	
Feb 15 2005	Good	My stay was great, i loved the room it was clean and nice. Better than a hotel room, everything they said they had in the room was found the only thing i didn't have was a dish washer but that was ok. The bathroom was nice and clean., everything worked from the tv to the cd player, and even the broadband connection worked for my laptop. I loved it , and i would go again. My girlfriend loved it also it was like we was away from home but was at home and it was great.	
Jan 30 2005	YourStay made for a pleasant weekend getaway	My girlfriend and I were looking to spend a weekend in Manhattan and decided to book a studio at Yourstay Central Park. We wound up getting put on the 14th floor, near the top of the building. The apartment was well furnished and the included amenities were clean and well-kept. There was ample closet space and an extra blanket and two extra pillows were provided. The building is also located conveniently close to a supermarket, which we stocked up on food at. The price was great, a little over $100 per night, and it was a very nice experience overall. Being a studio, the apartment was rather small, and the bathroom was TINY, but this was not a problem for us and shouldn't be for solo travelers or couples.In the complaints department, there were some minor things that were somewhat of an annoyance. We booked the suite for January 28-30, so the weather was pretty cold, the high only being in the 20's. The room was somewhat chilly, even with the radiator setting on its highest. The stopper in the toilet sometimes got stuck, which required me to take the lid off of the tank about 5 or 6 times. Also, although we arrived at the beginning of check-in time, 3:00 pm, we were not able to actually get the keys until 3:30. However, the staff was quite nice about the situation, and in addition courteous enough to give us an hour extension to our check-out time, which made up for the delay.All in all, our weekend at YourStay Central Park was decidedly enjoyable. The nice neighborhood, convenient location and quality lodgings were good enough so that I can definitely recommend this to any visitors to NYC that don't need the extras of hotel accomodations and would prefer to rent a no-hassle apartment for their stay.	
Jan 9 2005	Good and Bad Points to YourStay	I am a native NYer and when I travel home it pains me to stay in a midtown hotel with tourists. When I heard of YourStay, I quickly booked a room at the 73rd and Broadway location.Good points: If you want to live as the natives do, this is the best hotel for the experience. The upper west side, where YourStay is located, is (in my mind) the best neighborhood in the city for a glimpse at NY living. YourStay apartments is a minute from Fairway on Broadway and a few blocks from the famous H&amp;H bagels and Zabars. Walk up Broadway or across 73rd to Central Park or go the opposite direction to Riverside Park. The Upper Westside is the best! I rented a studio...was fine for me and I loved being able to shop and store my food. A suite hotel room (with a refrigerator and microwave) in NYC will cost you twice as much in any neighborhood. I loved being near the best shopping and being able to take the food home with me. The studio was small but any apt in NY is small compared to anywhere else. It might have been a pain with another person.The studio was clean and although there is no maid service while you are there, they provided towels for my stay (one per day but I happened to have brought some of my own). The TV was great and there was internet access. The TV had a built in DVD and VCR. The room also had a small stereo which was nice.The shower had nice shower doors (not curtains). The water pressure was okay. The temp control could have been better (it was very sensitive to the touch so one small touch could result in an extreme temp difference).The price was right.Cons: I think the door to the apt could use a chain bolt or something else to make me feel more secure. There is deadbolt on the door but in NY you need more than one lock. There was no electrical outlet in the bathroom!!! I really hated that. That is probably my chief complaint.The towels were somewhat flimsy and scratchy. I use large fluffy towels at home and brought one of my huge bath towels and am really really glad I did. There was shampoo and conditioner in the bathroom but it was an economy sized bottle and had been used by others. I always bring my own conditioner and shampoo so that wasn't an issue but the thought of used shampoo was icky to me.The refrigerator door didn't close correctly. I had to put the waste basket against it. The heat was not on but the room was so hot I had to sleep with the window open which made it noisy (my entire floor was stifling when you got off the elevator)...plus there was noise from the pipes (also a NY experience. The head of the bed was right next to the radiator so it woke you up.They could situate the room differently. The table is across the way from the internet connection (there's no desk anywhere near the internet connection) and the bed could be moved so that your head is not by the heater which clangs. They seriously need to rethink the way the room is situated.No dishwasher but that is also typical of NY apts.They had 3 different types of pillows on the bed which is nicer than most hotels which only provide one kind but none of the 3 suited me (yes this is a picky point since I usually always complain about hotel pilllows and inevitably forget to bring my own).There was someone sleeping on the couch in the lobby when I arrived.	
Jan 3 2005	Clean and Very Affordable	My husband and I stayed here for three nights at the end of our trip. After reading some of the reviews we were leary, but in general, we had a really good experience. Previous reviews stating that this is not a hotel and to not expect the level of service found at a hotel are correct. There is no maid service and the guy at the front desk doesn't work for the YourStay company--so he's not very helpful. Additionally, there is no unloading zone; you have to double park or park in a no parking zone. However, the apt was clean, the kitchen equiped with stove, small refrig, dishes, etc. The only problem we encountered was the TV didn't work. There's an information sheet in the room for contacting the company so we called and reported the problem. A guy came up pretty quickly. He wasn't able to fix the TV, but he did bring us an identical replacement TV the next day. Overall, I would definately agree with the reviewer who said don't stay here if you want hotel style service. But, I can't imagine where else in NYC you could get a small apt like this for this price.	
Dec 3 2004	Had to share beds!!!	On booking the apartments they looked excellent. We were 4 girls on a trip to NYC and had specified this - they promised us 4 single beds in an apartment and were charged per person for the stay. When we arrived there very tired and bedraggled from our flight from London, we were confronted with 2 double beds - 3 nights sharing a bed with people you don't know very well is not conducive to a good holiday! When we complained we were told that there was no more rooms available - having paid via the internet, there was nothing we could do - nothing was done to help or assist us in being more comfortable - the company want nothing to do with the complaint and neither do the booking agents hotels.com. Beware of this company!	
Oct 8 2004	CLEAN!		
Sep 30 2004	Great if your expectations are appropriate		
Sep 23 2004	It was fine		
Sep 21 2004	Do not stay here!		
Aug 24 2004 	Think twice about staying here		
Aug 17 2004	YourStay is definitely the best serviced apartments company		
Aug 8 2004	Excellent Apartments and Good Value for Money		
Jul 11 2004	YourStay Central Park - Excellent Experience		
Jul 1 2004	Don't think I would stay here again!		
Jun 3 2004	Watch out for this company		
Nov 22 2009 	Bon rapport qualité prix		
Nov 20 2009 	Excelente		
Sep 23 2009 	bon rapport qualité/prix..		
Aug 9 2009 	De volver a NY escogeríamos el mismo hotel (menos si nos hemos hecho ricos)		
Jul 24 2009 	Hotel bien situé		
Jun 14 2009 	satisfaisant		
Apr 30 2009 	Pratique mais il ne faut pas être trop exigeant...		
Nov 14 2008 	Double Bedroom - VORSICHT!!!		
Nov 2 2008 	logement très pratique		
Oct 2 2008 	Ubicación magnífica		
Aug 29 2008 	Bon compromis		
Jun 23 2008 	Perfektes Hotel für NY-Reisen.		
Jun 20 2008 	Très satisfait !		
Apr 28 2008 	A fuire!!		
Mar 6 2008 	Perfecto!		
Mar 3 2008 	Bonne affaire !		
Jan 18 2008 	Woogo Central Park		
Dec 3 2007 	Surprenant mais interessant		
Sep 24 2007	Attention!!		
Mar 23 2007 	Gutes Preis Leistungsverhältnis aber niemals ein Vier-Sterne-Hotel		
Nov 11 2006 	tal como se ve		
