	An ideal spot for visiting Manhattan	As many previous reviewers have chronicled, the staff, the breakfast, the afternoon wine and cheese all make The Library Hotel a special place and worth the bit extra it will cost over a big-box location. We also appreciated the central location *and* the fact that, in a business district, there is not so much traffic on the streets at night. It was possible to open the window and still sleep. The rooftop bar is lovely, if busy during happy hour. Grand Central is just around the corner; you can go uptown, downtown, or crosstown with ease. We will definitely return for our next nyc visit.	
Nov 24 2009 	My new NY favorite!	I truly recommend The Library Hotel to anyone looking for a perfect place to stay when visiting NY. Finding a hotel in NY that includes WiFi, breakfast (a very generous continental breakfast) as well as cheese and wine each evening is hard to find in Manhattan. Ad extremely friendly and service minded staff, a great Mid Town location and comfortable and well designed rooms makes it even better. I've stayed in the smallest (Single Petite Room) as well as the largest (Junior Suite) rooms on offer; yes, the petite room is very small and not a place for someone with a lot of luggage or a big suitcase but it's certainly cozy and high quality with the same design and amenities as the largest room. The Junior King has a generious size and is the place to book for those with more luggage or who are staying for more than one night. Will recommend this hotel to everyone I know.	
Nov 23 2009 	Solid Hotel	Spent two nights last week at teh Library Hotel. In NYC for a mix of business/leisure. Picked Library based upon research/reviews on Trip Advisor. Hotel is in a good location at corner of 41st/Madison. Room was very small....but this is NYC! We stayed in a Junior Suite with a King Bed but it would have passed for a standard room (by size) in any other U.S. City (...other than New York that is). It was decorated nicely. Lobby is small/cozy but the staff behind the desk were very friendly and accomodating. Big plus! We had a drink late one evening in the rooftop bar. It was cozy and nice. Again, staff was great. I would consider staying again based on staff, location, etc. One negative, an open bar of soap was left in shower from previous occupant. Ironic as same thing occurred last spring at Tribeca Grand Hotel in NYC! Must be part of a &quot;Green&quot; program on the part of NYC hotels.	
Nov 23 2009 	Definitely not your "conference hotel" made our trip extra special	My husband and I recently traveled to NYC for my 40th birthday, staying 4 nights. The Library Hotel was fantastic! The first bonus was that the staff was so helpful prior to our trip with directions and assistance for the best way to get from JFK to The LIbrary Hotel. They suggested the most economical/convenient way, was the Airport Express Bus, and they were absolutely right, for $27. round trip, the bus was right outside our baggage claim and 2 blocks away from the hotel. Very convenient and easy. Anyway, once we arrived at the hotel, it was very tastefully decorated in the lobby, the staff had fun with us as we discussed our &quot;themed&quot; room based on the dewey decimal/literature theme. The bell hop was very helpful in getting us situated. Since this was a special occasion for my birthday, they greeted us with a bottle of champagne and a nice personalized card wishing me a happy birthday. The daily continental breakfast and nightly wine and cheese was a nice welcomed respite from our hustle and bustle of explorting NYC. It was in a great location, not on Time Square, but a close distance from all the major NYC sites. I would highly recommend this quaint little hotel it really made our trip extra special!	
Nov 17 2009 	Lovely little hotel	The staff was exceptional.They were profession but very friendly as well as extremely helpful.The room was small but we expected that. It was well appointed and pleasant. The location was great. The roof top bar was a pleasant surprise. Deserves it's excellent rating.	
Nov 16 2009 	Wonderful!	For a beautiful stay in new york I think this is the best place	
Nov 15 2009 	Oasis of Calm in a Bustling City	My first time at the Libary Hotel - stayed for 7 nights on business. Was upgraded to a Queen sized room at check-in which was a very nice touch - boosted my floor area by 20% which makes a difference if you're staying a week. Read all the good reviews on Tripadvisor before making a booking and I'm happy to say that it was a very good experience for me. On this particular trip to NYC, my stay at the Library Hotel was immediateIy followed by another 5 night stay at the Hilton Millenium in the downtown area due to work demands. This provided a useful real time comparison of the boutique hotel versus the premimum chain experience. Hopefully my review will prove useful to those trying to decide between the two, given the broadly similar price points. Straight to the point - the Library Hotel beats the Millenium Hilton hands down on multiple counts - price, location, amenities, service, ambience. I don't want this review to turn into a complaint about the Hilton, so let me put it this way: Do not take free breakfast, free wireless access (or indeed, wireless), bedroom slippers, bottled water and unobstrusive doormen for granted - the Hilton wants to charge you a pretty penny for each one of these. The Library gives you all these freely and leaves the business/ leisure traveller free to concentrate on whatever he/ she wants to do in NYC. Buying bottles of water from CVS and Duane Read should not be on the agenda in a good hotel. My room rate at the Hilton was a good three figure sum higher than the Library Hotel rate - let me be fair and say that for the price, I managed to get a larger room but it seemed to be accidental as I was mysteriously allocated one with handicap-access. There is also a healthclub within the premises at the Hilton, but the NY Sports club is way better as a gym and is only a 5 minute walk away from the Library Hotel. If your meetings are all in Wall Street and travelling time is a principal concern, the Hilton is better since everything is a short walk away. Having said that, the Library Hotel is only a 20 minute door to door subway ride away from the Fulton stop near Wall Street which is decent, and at least you have a much better location for what comes after work. I personally liked the Library Hotel breakfast despite the lack of hot cooked food as some reviewers have pointed out - I don't find the full American breakfast to be particularly viable when you have a full workday ahead of you. And its the sheer charm and good service provided by the small staff at the Libary Hotel that will make me return when I'm next in NYC - hopefully soon.	
Nov 15 2009 	Great location and wonderful staff	I stayed for two evenings in this great midtown hotel. Located near Grand Central made it easy to get anywhere in NY. Stayed in the Almanacs-themed room; great bathroom, very quiet. Nice breakfast, and tea and coffee were available 24 hours in reading room on the 2nd floor. Wireless internet worked in the room with no problems. Staff was very helpful with questions. They let us store our luggage in the hotel after we checked out. I would stay again.	
Nov 14 2009 	Exemplary - What a boutique hotel should be...	This was our eighth trip to NYC, but our first time staying at Library Hotel. The location is so convenient - literally 1 block away from Grand Central Terminal and the NY Central Public Library . Immediately upon entering the lobby, one begins appreciating the elegant decor. The service: No attitude, and very gracious. We got a room on the 7th floor - very large (by NYC standards). The room was clean, and turndown service was prompt - No housekeeping issues. The 2nd floor public area is a welcoming space (again, decorated like a library) where continental breakfast is also served daily. It is also open 24hrs/day. The rooftop bar and lounge are great places to congregate, with views of the local Manhattan skyscrapers. Free Wi-Fi throughout the property also! Free passes for the NY Sports Club were offered to us, since the hotel doesn't have its own fitness facility - a nice touch. We were sad to leave this boutique hotel.Upsides: Service beyond the call of duty, great location, large rooms by NYC standards, great rooftop bar &amp; lounge, overall excellent value.Downsides (very minimal): Street noise permeated the walls on the lower level rooms (but not significantly). The water pressure in the shower was a bit low. Also, the hotel entrance was a tad tough to find when first arriving, and the front desk didn't have a USB wire for our laptop (but that was our fault for forgetting to bring one).	
Nov 13 2009 	Oasis in the City Jungle	The staff were extremely helpful and freindly. We upgraded to a Junior Suite King and seeing the size of the other rooms this was a very good idea, by prepaying the cost increase was only minimal above the Deluxe Room Queen. I recommend you do this as the extra pace in the room makes it so much more comfortable. The level 2 reading room is fantastic being able to get a coffee whenever you feel like it make the hotel feel more homely. If you are a light sleeper maybe ask for a room away from the main road.We cannot recommend this Hotel enough it deserves it high ranking	
Nov 10 2009 	Underwhelming but still good	Stayed here for 5 nights. Great location, esp as it was our first visit to NYC. We chose this hotel mainly because of the reviews we read on Trip Adviser. I guess the standard of hotels must be pretty low for this to be in the top 5 ranked! It is perfectly fine but for the cost and the expectation we were let down.Positives - helpful staff, small hotel so not feel part of a big process, decent room size (I assume NYC always have small hotel rooms), help yourself to Tea, Coffee, biscuits and fruit all the time! Cheese, wine etc good quality and generous - help yourself. Good cleaning service and nicely decorated rooms. Newspapers and lots of books!!!!Negatives - breakfast whilst good quality, nothing was cooked. So same old each day. Was I wrong to expect a better breakfast option? The reading room was a major selling point but it has an awful claustrophobic feel to it. No one whilst I was there seemed to enjoy it, the carpet makes any conversation stand out, there were not enough seats for everyone when busy at Breakfast, the lighting is too bright. I know it seems like I am moaning but this was the hotels USP but they aren't maximising it. They should use the ground floor restaurant for Breakfast. That would have really improved our opinion.I suppose I don't believe what they offered is value for money but it is still a good hotel and I have nothing to compare against in NYC. So it may be very good compared to the competition. I wouldn't stay here again as I would probably stay in Tribeca area instead.	
Nov 9 2009 	A Trendy hotel with a chic vibe in a great location	A very cool surprise. The lobby is deceving as it is not indicative of the vast spaciousness of the rooms. The room are ultra chic, very cozy, and provide for a great experience when you are there. the location of this hotel is perfect, central to outstanding dining and nightlife. The staff is cordial and knowledgeable. And the LIBRARY theme is a unique spin on the hotel and travel industry. Two enthousiastic thumbs up. We will return and we will recommend to others.	
Nov 4 2009 	Most pleasant and accommodating staff I have ever experienced - won't stay anywhere else.	I stayed in an appropriately named petite room, which had plenty of storage space. I was in NY for the 2009 marathon and upset that I didn't sleep well due to cars continually thumping over a loose manhole outside. When I complained, Laurence stepped out from behind the desk and charged into the middle of the street with a potential temporary solution. When that didn't work, he came back in, thought of something else and tried another method. It didn't work but I was impressed with the length to which he was prepared to go to help me. Other concierges were very helpful with restaurant and play recommendations and bookings. In addition, the breakfast is very good with a lovely fresh fruit bowl, yummy bagels and rolls, yoghurt,hard-boiled eggs, etc. That and the wine and cheese in the evening really help to save money in such an expensive city. The staff there was also very friendly and helpful.	
Nov 3 2009 	Lives up to the billing	Like many others before me, I did some homework on this place before booking. I had high expectaitons going in and am glad to say that the Library Hotel exceeded those expectations. From offering us a free breakfast on the morning before we checked in (we got in early from a red-eye flight), to the promt and helpful responses to all of our inquiries, this was the perfect place to stay. The location is great and the hotel is better.	
Nov 3 2009 	This is what a hotel should be ........ Excellant	To find a hotel that ticks all boxes - are hard to find BUT the Library hotels is such one.From start to finish the staff were superb and couldn't fault their professionalism in any way - courteous , friendly. The hotel does make the vistor appreciated - even on check out day - the offer to use the hotel facilities is a major plus , if you are waiting for a late flight. The ambience / atmosphere of the hotel is fanatastic and the location just makes it a great place to stay when visiting New York.	
Nov 1 2009 	Great service 	We stayed at the Library Hotel for 7 nights in September. I would definitely stay there again and it's a joy to find somewhere that breaks free from the mould of your average hotel. The staff were friendly and very helpful, especially those serving breakfast. The lounge was a bit small for this purpose however the staff were prompt to offer a tray and we enjoyed breakfast on the 14th floor lounge on a couple of occasions. The location is excellent - just round the corner from Grand Central Station. Our room was quite small, but sufficient for our stay. The only thing I would change is hte soundproofing. It's not that great and the street noise was pretty constant. My wife and I both ended up using earplugs, but overall, it wouldn't prevent us returning.	
Nov 1 2009 	Personalized service makes this little gem shine!	The Library Hotel stands out amongst the hundreds of other hotel in New York City, for three distinct factors: location--whether for business or pleasure; comfort--calm, relaxing and subdued luxury: and finally, SERVICE--from associates who genuinely care about the quality of your stay. I have just returned from my fourth stay at this fine boutique hotel, and I wouln't consider staying anwhere else in NYC. In this case, there is added value to the cost of your stay, and this little gem of a hotel stands heads aboive the competition.	
Oct 30 2009 	One of NYC's best values - a homey 60-room literary-themed boutique	A homey, 60-room, literary-themed boutique, located down the block from New York's famous Public Library, and among Midtown East's corporate skyscrapers. It's one of New York's best values, mostly because of the perks: an upscale bistro on the ground floor, a lively bar on the penthouse floor, free Wi-Fi, free gym passes, and free daily pastries, wine, and cheese. Pros:-One block from Grand Central, with access to six subway lines-Thoughtful design based on old-fashioned Dewey Decimal System-Upscale bistro on ground floor, lively bar on penthouse floor-Free Wi-Fi-Free gym pass to New York Sports Club, (four blocks away)-Free daily pastries, wine, and cheeseCons:-Rooms near the elevator can be loud-No cots or double rooms availableThe Library is located in a prewar, Art Deco building just a block from Grand Central, one of the city’s biggest transportation hubs. In the reading room on the 2nd floor, where free coffee and pastries are served 24 hours a day, and free wine and cheese are available from 5 to 8 p.m., I rubbed shoulders with a trio of British guys in tight jeans and Converses talking about their film shoot, a twentysomething American girl in Uggs catching up on her e-mail, and a well-heeled couple on the tired side of their 50s poring over a map of New York. It’s a really mixed bag here -- young and old, business and pleasure, hip and nerdy. The bar on the top floor is lively at night with both guests and nonguests (think well-heeled business types and their clients). As is Madison &amp; Vine, the restaurant and wine bar on the ground level (with the same owner as the bar, but unaffiliated with the hotel proper), which serves delicious upscale bistro fare.Service is impeccable -- classy but not pretentious -- a remarkable feat for a city where service is typically snobby at best and standoffish at worst. The Library Hotel defies New York’s smug stereotypes, though I did giggle a little when the staff referred to me with an honorific “Ms. A call to room service for extra towels yielded the goods in two minutes flat and the requested soy milk for my coffee in the 2nd floor reading room appeared within seconds. The hotel offers a turndown service. I returned to my room after only a few minutes away and found the bed neatly turned down, the blinds closed and the lights on. I loved the chocolates the staff left on the pillow along with a note with the next day’s weather (rainy and 43°F, brrr). My room, 1100.004 -- all rooms are organized in Dewey Decimal System, it’s the Library Hotel, get it? -- was a tiny 200 square feet. But to be fair, 200 square feet in New York is pretty average. Though I’ve seen closets more luxurious than my shoebox room, I grew fond of its smart, classy, understated character. But maybe that was just the 660-page tome “How the Mind Works”, by Harvard professor Steven Pinker, haunting me from above the TV (my room had a psychology theme).For detailed pictures of the room: http://bit.ly/uZ7mJThe hotel itself is calm and serene, except for its penthouse floor (14th), where there's Bookmarks, a rooftop garden and bar with three different personas. There’s the “poetry garden,” a greenhouse with a wraparound terrace, the “writer’s den,” which has a working fireplace and its own heated terrace, and the bar itself, which has a sleeker, more mod feel than the rest of the hotel. All three rooms were buzzing when I arrived at 10 p.m. on a Monday night.For detailed pictures of the hotel property: http://bit.ly/2aKDvX	
Oct 28 2009 	They do that bit extra to make it a really nice stay.	I stayed at a couple of places on this trip and the Library was by far the best one. The staff were very helpful and friendly from the outset. Obviously the services such as the cheese and wine (which was really nice!) give you a good feel about the place but I particularly liked their relaxed attitude - saying I could invite a friend to have the wine and cheese and that I was welcome to use the lounge during the day of departure, even after checking out. The location is excellent and the rooms were very nicely fitted out. It is certainly not the cheapest but it is well worth it - they do that bit extra to make it a really nice stay.	
Oct 27 2009 	most welcoming great service excellent location	It was my first time in NYC and I found the staff extremely helpful. Warm and welcoming atmosphere, I will definitely stay there again when I'm next in NY. I strongly recommend it.	
Oct 26 2009 	Lovely hotel	What a great hotel! We mentioned it was our honeymoon when I booked it online and when we arrived they had upgraded us to a nicer room and left a bottle of sparkling wine in the room for us. They made the whole stay very special--all staff were super friendly and made us feel very welcome. Plus there's free internet and free bottled water in the rooms and free breakfast every morning. They even offered to let us use the 2nd floor lounge after we had checked out as our flight wasn't until the evening.	
Oct 26 2009 	This is a gem of a Hotel in the centre of NewYork	We spent 5 nights at this hotel and could not fault anything about it. The staff were extremly friendly and helpful and helped make a great holiday.The breakfast is also included which was very nice (continental type breakfast) there was a wide variety of choices available.One really great touch is the wine and cheese evenings every night from 5 until 8 which is included in the price of the room.The hotel is centrally placed very close to Grand Central Terminal, Chrysler building and 5 minutes walk from Times Square.	
Oct 24 2009 	Fabulous	Lovely little hotel with lots of character. Conveniently located for everything. Had a brilliant time, would recommend. We booked a deluxe room, it was big enough for 2 with a good sized desk for working. Roof top bar is great and the restaurant below is really nice	
Oct 23 2009 	comfortable quiet hotel with friendly staff in a great location.	The theme is what first caught my eye, the price was reasonable (considering it is in Midtown Manhattan) and the location excellent.From the moment I arrived, the staff was very friendly, knowlegeable and helpful. Not just the concierges, but the bellmen, waitstaff and housekeeping too. Even though the hotel was old, it was very clean and well kept. The continental breakfast in the morning and the wine and cheese in the afternoon were nice touches and enabled me to have a light meal (for free) occasionally. The rooftop bar (with a choice of indoor or outdoor seating) in the evening was a pleasant place, but did get crowded on weeknights. Otherwise the hotel was very quiet.My original room (the petite) was as small as its name suggests, but was comfortable and clean. They asked if I wouldn't mind moving to a larger room for my last night at no extra charge due to some problem or other (they didn't say and I didn't ask). It was large and elegant and really nice. Next time I think I'll shell out a little more money for the larger room!I will stay there again next time I am in New York and highly recommend it. I don't know if its a great place for families with young children, but older children would be fine.	
Oct 22 2009 	Clean Friendly Charming Comfort for the Senses!	Having never been to the BIG APPLE, I was overwhelmed with the task of finding a &quot;nice&quot; hotel for my 87 year old mother, 16 year old daughter and myself (50 something). After much searching on the internet, we found the Library Hotel. I was delighted to find the Book Lover's Deal and called the hotel directly to ask questions and speak to a real person. The young man I spoke with said he recommends this hotel to his relatives and indicated the complimentary continental breakfast, wine and cheese receptions and snacks provided throughout the day are rare offerings at hotels in NYC. Unfortunately, we had rainy cold weather during our stay, but the hot tea and snacks were definitely a comfort, especially enjoyed by my mom who stayed at the hotel when my daughter and I took off! The Library's location was excellent...within walking distance to Fifth Avenue shops, GCT, NY Public Library. We even got to watch a film being made just down the block! The Madison &amp; Vine restaurant on street level provided us with a tasty meal before heading off to a Broadway show. The staff was very friendly and helpful- they offered to hail cabs for us and to our surprise, a bottle of wine, with glasses was in my mom's room upon arrival. I had told them when booking our reservation, she had just turned 87!	
Oct 20 2009 	had a great stay	a well situated hotel. We were very well treated, loved the free wine and chesse at 5pm and the availability of coffeee and pastries all day, espeecially as we had to leave early for our flight. Not the cheapest but you get what you pay for.	
Oct 19 2009 	Friendly clean great location good value	We were very pleasantly surprised with the Hotel, the room was small but absolutely fine for our needs, it was clean with good finishes and a lovely bathroom. The staff were very helpful and the continental breakfast and afternoon wine and cheese a lovely bonus. The location was perfect, we were able to walk almost everywhere.	
Oct 15 2009 	You will feel like you are their only guest...	This was my third trip to New York City, but my husband's first. By far the best hotel I've stayed at. It is amazing that the staff remembers your name, and it is such a nice feeling to be greeted by name all during your stay. You will feel as though you are their only guest. Being Southerners, the friendly and intimate atmosphere of this hotel was most impressive to us. The hotel is walking distance to many sights, and for those that are beyond walking distance, Grand Central is nearby making transportation very convenient. Any requests we made were handled quickly and efficiently. The staff was knowledgeable about the city and attractions, and were glad to make recommendations and reservations for you. (The restaurant they recommended for us was not a disappointment.) My only regret is that we didn't have more time to just relax and enjoy the hotel. It is a great place to come &quot;home&quot; to at the end of an exhausting day!	
Oct 14 2009 	Just Fabulous!	I am a native New Yorker and visit the city for work and pleasure several times each year. I have stayed at many different hotels, large and small. I can say without a doubt, The Library was the Best! The service was amazing, truly amazing! From the front desk to room service from wait staff, to maintenance staff, wow, wow, wow. I just cannot say enough. We stayed for five nights and have not a single complaint. The room, although a bit small, was perfect for us. Comfy bed, luxurious linens and towels, robes and toiletries, all perfect. And so very Quiet! Now where can you find a midtown , next to everything, NYC hotel that meets these standards?One &quot;mini&quot; criticism- If you are a TV watcher, you might be disappointed. The television was small. But, why on earth surrounded by all these wonderful books available at the Library and vacationing in NYC would you care?We also saw the Broadway musical Next to Normal, I highly recommend this emotionally charged play which is available at TKTS for 1/2 price. I wanted my tickets in advance and was still able to get a discount through Theatermania.comI love love love NYC and The Library!!	
Oct 13 2009 	It was fantastic!	This was our first time to stay at the Library Hotel in NYC. It was fantastic. It was so clean and cozy and neat and nice. The staff were so friendly and professional. Great books were everywhere and we love books. It was quiet and full of dignity and yet the night is everywhere at your idsposal. We got a wonderful sleep and the breakfast was delicious and in the evennings, all kinds of cofee and cookies and snacks. The rooms have referigerators and snacks and drinks. We could not say enough good about the Library Hotel and we intend to stay again and again.	
Oct 12 2009 	Broke my heart to leave	There are not enough words tosay how much I loved this hotel. When booking I mentioned that I was bringing my boyfriend to New York as a suprise for his 30th birthday and asked if there was any chance of an upgrade. On arrival the extremely polite and friendly staff told us we had been upgraded from a petite to a queen room. The front desk staff gave us loads of maps and info on the city and recommended things, places, restaraunts etc that we might like to visit. They also explained how the subway worked. Incredibly helpful!When we got to our room there was a birthday card and bottle of Presseco waiting for us to celebrate my boyfriends bithday, which I thought was a really nice touch.Our room was lovely. Really clean, nicely decorated and fairly spacious for a NY hotel room. The bathroom was nice with a good shower. Robes and slippers were lovely and cosy. And the best bed I have ever slept in. If it weren't for the amazing city outside I probably wouldn't have gotten out of it. The breakfast in the hotel was fantastic. I don't normally have breakfast but the bagels were so good I couldn't resist and it was really nice to take it up to the roof terrace. And the wine and cheese in the evening is a stroke of genius. Good wine and plenty of it. The location of the hotel is fantastic. Easy walking distance to Empire State, Times Square and the Rockerfeller Centre. I'm sure any visit to New York would be amazing but staying in this beautiful hotel made it perfect.On the day we came to leave both me and my boyfriend felt really sad. The receptionist said to us 'Don't look so blue, I'm sure you'll be back soon'. I hope she's right.	
Oct 5 2009 	Felt at home	The owner of the hotel is from Slowakia, you can feel the European touch: Windows to be opened, air condition to be switched of, breakfast with fresh handmade fruit-salad, Wine and chees with Gorgonzola and Camembert (not low fat).The room was clean, the linen was changed every (to much in my opinion). Negative was the inside of the wardrobe and the drawer, dusty and some hairs...The location next to Central Station is perfect. Times Square is in walking distance.The rooms are noisy. I had to use ear plugs, which have been offered by the hotel.	
Oct 5 2009 	THE place to stay for a romantic getaway.	Highest quality, impeccable service and all the little details are done right. Easy &amp; fun walk to Times Square, 5th Avenue up to the park, Rockefeller Center, Empire State, Grand Central...really nice. Creative drinks on the rooftop bar.	
Oct 4 2009 	I would love to stay at this hotel again!	The Library Hotel was fantastic! The location was great: within walking distance to the garment district, great 5th Avenue shopping, and wonderful restaurants. The staff was VERY helpful, giving us dinner recommendations and making the corresponding reservations every night we were there. They provided us with umbrellas on a rainy day and even band-aids for our blistered feet! Everyone we came in contact with was very friendly. The 24-hour refreshments on the second floor were perfect for us. The breakfast was perfect and the hot tea and snacks were great when we got back after shopping (we were normally coming in too late for cocktail hour). We had a junior suite which was perfect! The size was plenty big for me and my step-mother. I love that we had a small seating area (the pull-out sofa). The bathroom was small but great. I just can't say enough about this hotel! I would love to stay here again!	
Oct 3 2009 	Perfect location and superb room with balcony over Madison Avenue	The hotel is in a fantastic location for doing the sights of NYC. The views from our room(the only one with a balcony) were amazing. Although overlooking Madison Avenue very quiet once the patio doors were closed!The cheese and wine a welcome treat after a full day's sightseeing. The staff are very helpful and courteous. We stayed for our wedding anniversary and a card and bottle of bubbly made us feel quite special.	
Sep 28 2009 	Jolly nice hotel	My partner and I stayed as a treat on the last night of our week long holiday - had it been our first night we would have stayed there throughout. Whilst I have stayed in larger rooms the standards here were exceptional. Beds, robes, bathrooms - all great. But the greatest accolades go to the kind and efficient staff. We left some laundry overnight and it was delayed beyond our time to leave; the hotel offered to waive the costs and send our laundry back to the UK for us with their apologies. We walked the quarter mile for our bus to the airport and 10 minutes later our breathless receptionist waved the bus driver down as he was about to set off and boarded the bus with a 'parcel for Mr Radford' - above and beyond the call of duty I would say.	
Sep 27 2009 	Excellent Service	The staff at the Library Hotel really made the extra effort to make our stay enjoyable. From personal recommendations for restaurants, travel advice to Broadway selections, they were spot on. The rooms were always clean (not to mention tastefully decorated) when we got back and the roof terrace absolutely charming. Lunch at the restaurant on street level was the quintessential NYC experience, taking in all the hubbub and air/ noise pollution. The Library is also a short walk or taxi ride away from the sights and the shops.	
Sep 27 2009 	Perfect 10	We stayed 5 nights while exploring NYC for the first time. Stayed in the king suite and it was wonderful and roomy. The breakfast buffet was awesome and best enjoyed on the 14th floor outdoor/indoor bar. More than enough food to start the day. The workers were amazing...especially John, extremely nice and very helpful. The breakfast room was a nice place to unwind after 12 hours of exploring...even had a baby grand piano! Would stay here and only here on next trip to NYC!	
Sep 23 2009 	Beautiful hotel	We only stayed here one night, but enjoyed the room thoroughly. Had a view of Manhatten from 3 sides of room. Nicely appointed bathroom. Hotel staff helped us find a town car to get to Newark airport (not an easy thing to do with luggage). Very helpful.Great location, we could walk to Central Park, Empire State Building, Times Square, Grand Central Station. Would certainly stay here again if we go back to New York.	
Sep 22 2009 	Great staff wonderful relaxing atmosphere.	We found the staff to be very helpful and friendly. The complimentary breakfast and late afternoon wine/ cheese receptions are very nice. We have stayed here twice and we are absolutely sold on the value.	
Sep 22 2009 	Charming staff in a great location	We had a superb trip to New York and stayed at the Library for six nights. The staff were helpful and welcoming and arranged a bottle of wine for our anniversary. The location here is wonderful, right on Madison Avenue and accessible to uptown attractions and Soho shopping. We stayed in one of the larger rooms overlooking Madison. I'm sure this made the room noisier than others in the hotel but the classic view of a New York streetscape down Madison from our bay window was well worth the compromise. The complimentary breakfasts in the quiet lounge on the second floor were so much better than a huge buffet in a swankier hotel.This is a reasonably priced hotel for its amenities and I'm sure we will return.	
Sep 17 2009 	Great hotel great location!	The hotel is very nice. The rooms are a bit small but very well maintained. The Queen size room is good sized and the maid service is prompt. The free breakfast in the moring is very nice and relaxing. The entire hotel atmoshpere is a great refuge from the ctiy. Perfect for business or pleasure for a single or a couple.	
Sep 16 2009 	The perfect NY hotel	We stayed here for 5 nights as an anniversary holiday, and this hotel made the holiday perfect. From the moment we arrived we felt welcome, the service was warm and pleasant but never over done. The friendly concierge good advice on local restaurants (Benjamin's over the road was wonderful) and travel. Our room was a good size, well appointed with a very comfortable bed, and nicely understated bathroom. Breakfast is OK – there was a reasonable choice of pastries, although I’d have enjoyed a fresh coffee rather than from a machine. The restaurant, Madison &amp; Vine, on the ground floor was so good we went twice. Over all the choice of a hotel can make all the huge difference to a holiday; this one more than made up for some squally weather, grim British Airways flight and the typical endless waiting around at airports. We’d find it hard to image staying anywhere else in NY.	
Sep 15 2009 	Handy but serious IT problems for a business traveller...	Great location, nice staff and the breakfast and wine/cheese are good. The rooms are small (anything below a queen and you can't swing a cat), but clean, newly fitted out and to be honest most rooms in New York are small. The hotel theme is cute and extemely well executed. Its been a long time since a hotel theme made me laugh. I was on level 12 (religions) and had the African Religions room, replete with photo books including voodoo rituals. Very funny! (Although I did notice the photos above the bed, supposedly of African tribesmen included one photo of an Australian Aboriginal in traditional body paint, perhaps a decorator with a sense of humour?).The IT infrastructure, on the other hand is a dog. The hotel is wireless, and on first locating the network it shows 11Mbps..acceptable. But every time a connection is established it drops automatically to 5.5Mbps, and as soon as you push data at it it drops immediately to 1Mpbs or less. Not funny. I was so bemused I repeated it over several days at different times with exactly the same result. I complained to the desk and was given a cable to plug into the data socket on the wall. Dead. I was sent to the breakfast room to use the data socket there. Dead.In the end I went to the computer room and pulled the cable out of one of their machines and plugged into it. Perfect.I'm sorry, in this day and age and in a hotel marketing to international travellers, this is well below par.It also misleads about laundry availability. I was arriving Saturday night and needed some laundry done Sunday. It is advertised as a 7 day laundry service, but on asking I was told that there is no service Sunday without special order and a 50% surcharge.Room service is from a neighbouring restaurant which isn't open Sunday night.	
Sep 11 2009 	Loved it!	Great little hotel - very convenient outside of hustle and bustle of Tiems Square. Great service and comfortable room. The breakfast, cookies, chees and wine were all a big plus!	
Sep 11 2009 	The BEST hotel I've stayed at in NYC!	My husband and I have been to NYC several times in the past few years. This time, we decided to stay at the Library hotel, even though it wasn't near our friends in the city. Let me say---THIS WAS A GOOD CHOICE! The staff was courteous and amazing, the hotel room was fabulous, and everything about this hotel was great. I would recommend it to anyone who wants a boutique hotel experience in NYC.	
Sep 9 2009 	Perfect location in a relaxing hotel	The location of the hotel is close to all sights and perfect transportation options around NY area. Located on Madison Ave it has found a quiet corner, which is fantastic after a day out and about. Breakfast is eaten in the Reading room and is of good quality but I would not agree on it being a luxury bfast.I stayed in a Petit Single and thought the layout of the room was perfect but the bed was wobbly.I would definately recommend the hotel to anyone travelling to NY and find it a gem of a hotel.	
Sep 8 2009 	Most amazing hotel in the most amazing city	My boyfriend and I stayed in the Library hotel for 3 nights in July and I cannot recommend it enough. From the moment we checked in the service was absolutely impeccable, the wine and cheese nights in the evening are brilliant, the lounge is so comfortable and cosy, the rooms are beautiful and the bathrooms perfect. The roof terrace is a lovely place to enjoy a glass of prosecco and watch the sun set and the location could not be more perfect, there really is nothing to fault this place on. This will be the only place I stay in NY in future and I've already recommended it to several friends who have booked and loved this place. Perfect!	
Sep 8 2009 	Perfect NY Hotel	This hotel would usually a bit beyond my means (£275 a night for a queen and the cupid package) but I booked it because I was proposing to my partner whilst we were in New York and wanted something a bit special.I wasn't dissapointed (neither was my other half).The hotel is everything all the other reviews make it out to be. The wine and cheese is such a lovely touch. I took the 'Cupid Package' which was perfect and exactly what I wanted. The room was covered in pink rose petals! Also included was a bottle of Rose Champagne, some champagne truffles and a dozen pink roses in a vase.The staff were descrete and very helpful and the room (whilst stlightly small - aren't they all in NY) was perfect.I would 100% visit agiain and fully recommend this hotel.	
Sep 6 2009 	tennis fans-a perfect hotel for the us open patron and everyone else	great boutique hotel a block from Grand Central Station, beautiful rooftop terrace, complimentary wine and cheese before the night session, generous continental breakfast before the day sessions. lovely accommedations with a VERY helpful staff. rooms on the smaller side but beautifully appointed and with every amenity. Wonderful hotel!!!	
Sep 5 2009 	What a beautiful place to come home to everyday	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 10 days and loved it. The staff were very kind and helpful.The rooms were very comfortable(bed was so comfy) with lots of room we thought for New York. We stayed in a jnr suite(Astrology Room). The breakfast of a morning was fabulous as it started everyday for us in a nice relaxed way. It also was great to have a good healthy breakfast before you headed out for the day. The turndown service was really nice too(lovely to come home and find bed turned down a bottle of water and cute little chocolates). We found the location really convienient for everywhere we went. We used the subway alot just get a metro pass and people will help you. Newyorkers really friendly and helpful. We loved the Library Hotel and would love to go back.	
Sep 2 2009 	STAY AT THIS HOTEL!	We stayed at the Library Hotel last week and had the best time. The service was amazing and the staff were absolutely wonderful. We were upgraded which was great. The rooms were clean and comfy and all the added extras (cheese and wine, breakfasts, etc..) were an added delight. The location is really good, so close to fifth avenue, time square and grand central station.We would definitely go back and stay at the hotel!	
Sep 1 2009 	Fantastic!	We stayed at the Library Hotel for five nights. It was fantastic. We had a Deluxe Room and it was very spacious for a New York hotel. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom very spacious. The personnel was very good, but the exchanged the towels everyday - that was not necessary. The view was stunning and we enjoyed it a lot.Breakfast is included and it is very good value. There are many tables and all the guests have their own table. The atmosphere in the room is very nice with many books and a great view on Madison Avenue. Between 5pm and 7pm the hotels serves cheese and wine and that is, too, great value. We enjoyed a delicious wine and cheese platter after a long day in the city. There is free internet and printing on that floor as well.Location is great, very close to everything, including the subway. There is a great bar on the roof (check it out, also if you're not staying at the Library Hotel) and a good restaurant on the ground floor. The staff is very friendly and really helpful. There are so many people working there, that they nearly have to fight about who's allowed to open the door for you.We could definitely recommend the Library Hotel. It was fantastic.	
Aug 31 2009 	Excellent	We've stayed at a different hotel every time we've come to NYC - the Mark, Hotel Elysee, Benjamin, Iroquois, Casablanca, Mariott Midtown and now the Library. I would say that this is the best one so far. Perfect staff - great check-in and very friendly every time we asked about anything. Good included breakfast with fruit, bagels, yogurt and pastries. The location is excellent for a romantic/sightseeing/shopping trip. When we bring our young kids back we may opt to stay a little closer to Central Park though. The Queen Deluxe Room was fairly small, so I can't imagine how small the petite rooms are. I really liked the theme - we were on the Language Floor in the Romance Languages room, and all books were in Italian. The free internet worked well.No complaints at all - highly recommended.	
Aug 30 2009 	VIP SERVICE - THE BEST IN NEW YORK	Celebrated our 30th. anniversary at this hotel for a one week stay in New York. The front desk staff was amazing. For reasonable prices, this is one of the best in New York for service, cleanliness, friendly staff and great breakfast. Walking distance to all the main sights. Highly recommend and will definitely return to this beautiful hotel.Gail and Richard - San Diego - CA	
Aug 30 2009	Perfect hotel	The Library Hotel is everything a good hotel should be. The staff were unfailingly courteous, helpful and friendly. The room was beautifully decorated (and air-conditioned), although quite small - we had a 'Petite' room and next time I would probably upgrade to a bigger one. The location is great - the hotel is on Madison Avenue, but was very quiet at night. The breakfast was delicious, there was free coffee and tea available 24/7 in a comfortable sitting room on the second floor, a wine and cheese reception every evening, a huge selection of free DVDs to borrow, wi-fi and wired internet access, and a lovely rooftop bar. I will definitely stay at the Library Hotel again - it was a wonderful experience!	
Aug 29 2009 	A Great Stay!	We have stayed at much more famous hotels in New York in the past, but the library has been the best. The rooms were very good, a nice size with a really good beds and good comfortable furniture, although the shower was a little weak. All of the staff were outstanding, from the concierge/reception staff, through to the maids and the maintenance team, all were very friendly and keen to ensure that we had a good stay. The Continental style breakfast was good and the cheese and wine reception each evening was a nice touch and very enjoyable. The hotel is in a great location, not far from the Empire State Building. There is a fabulous steak house (Franklin) just over the road and a great diner (Pershing Square) around the corner. The rooftop bar was lovely too, with decent cocktails and again, great service. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone. Previous trip advisor reviewers were not wrong	
Aug 28 2009 	Best Kept hotel secret in NYC	Having spent years travelling to NYC and trying every decent hotel around, the Library Hotel has become, BY FAR, my favorite hotel for my next stays. It is the BEST KEPT SECRET in the city. Awesome boutique style, filled with charm, elegance, personality, and simply addictive. You just don't want to leave it. The staff is probably the friendliest and most professional I've seen in the past 10 years. Absolutely amazing package of price, service, comfort (despite the small size rooms, but who cares!!), elegance, and originality...	
Aug 21 2009 	Problems with AC but I will come back for sure!	If you're not looking for a bargain hotel, and you're wiling to pay for a small boutique hotel that gives you all of the amenities that you could ever need, then the Library Hotel may be for you. I could write a couple of pages of praise, but I'll try to keep this readable. The staff is very friendly and exceptionally helpful. Complimentary bottled water in the room was a joy on a hot day, and the continental breakfast and wine and cheese were terrific. Both were replenished throughout and not just laid out to be picked over. if you arrived later in the morning or afternoon, there was still plenty to eat. We upgraded to a Queen deluxe room, and were very happy with the size, but we peeked in the &quot;petite&quot; room, and it looked VERY small. Glad we upgraded. The entire hotel was very very clean and well maintained. The computers for public use on the second floor were outdated and slow. We tried to look at a local restaurant, but the computer didn't have Flash installed, so we couldn't see the menu and it wouldn't let us install the plug-in. They're still running IE 6.0! Yuk. These computers need updating, badly, but it was still nice they were there. The printer was convenient. They are still having problems with the air conditioning. Every night, our room got warmer than we would have liked, and on the last night, the AC quit working completely. They apologized, but did not offer us any compensation for the uncomfortable conditions, and trust me, we were sweating just sitting still. Overall, we had a great experience there, but if the AC had failed any earlier in our trip, we would have found another place to stay. We'll be back at Christmas!	
Aug 14 2009 	this is the best place i ever stay i just love it and can't wait to come back	From the moment your taxi pulls up you are surrounded by sensitive staff who seem especially able to judge the care factor you require and to get it just right!the environment is the most civilised I know, the rooms extremely comfortable and quiet and the ambiance in the reading room just perfect for recovering from a demanding day at the office, or sight seeing or shopping. Well done	
Aug 13 2009 	Poor A/C in hot weather	Walked in to sweltering lobby and not very cool roomNext mornng 2nd floor cafe area overwarm Hotel fixed 2nd night slightly betterBut price point should mean decent a/cRooms tinyRooftop bar a delightNot inclined to return	
Aug 13 2009 	stay hereit's a definite must!!!	wow,this hotel is a cut above the rest, it is small but i prefer that to large chain hotels.the location is not to be beaten,we walked everywhere. i was really really worried about the location and picking the right hotel for our hooneymoon as it was all up to me to sort everything.well i pulled it off and that is thanks to this hotel,on arrival we were upgraded and had a lovely welcome note to the new mr and mrs and a bottle of champagne,the staff could not be more helpfull,seriously i am very hard to please,not stuck up i am working class but i expected alot as it was my hooneymoon and the trip of a life time but these guys made it an extremely pleasant stay and would recommened this hotel to anyone.the breakfast and cheese and wine evening were great,you don't get this at any if no other hotels. stay here you wont regret it,bit pricey but so is new york on the whole. enjoy!!!	
Aug 12 2009 	An oasis of calm in a fast paced city	We stayed at the Library Hotel for 4 nights - Friday through Tuesday - and were very impressed. The staff could not have been more friendly and helpful - to the extent of confirming dinner reservations, issuing bus tour tickets etc.The hotel is in the Midtown district and well located for a lot of the major sights. Times Square, 5th Avenue, Empire State, Top of the Rock, Central Park are all within easy walking distance of 10 - 25 minutes.The building is small and friendly and each floor/room is themed. We were on the History and Geography Floor and had a selection of books according to this theme in our room. As the name of the hotel would suggest there is a reading theme and lots of interesting books to dip in and out of, both in the room and &quot;communal&quot; areas.The breakfast room is small with only 8 tables of varying size though there was never a problem getting a space whilst we were there. August is off peak for New York though and I suspect this could be a problem at busier times. The breakfast itself was good and of a continental style, with a wide selection of cakes/pastries and cereals.The same room is used for the complimentary wine/cheese every night between 5pm and 8pm. Again always enough room and a decent choice for what is only designed to be an opportunity to chill out with a quick snack and tipple.There is a small roof top bar which is quaint and cosy.The bedrooms were comfortable (though not massive - this is a small converted building after all) with plenty of storage space and all amenities - including lovely cosy dressing gowns.We really enjoyed our stay here and would definitely recommend it.	
Aug 10 2009 	My New Favorite NYC Hotel	We stayed at the Library Hotel while celebrating our anniversary in August 2009, and were blown away by the experience. This hotel is one of the few remaining great values in NYC. It is located on 42nd street only about a 15 minute walk from Times Square and the theater district. Most hotels near midtown seem to start at $300.00, even with an upgraded room (a Corner Queen Room) our rate was only $277 a number (before tax). The great location at such a reasonable-for-New-York price is reason enough to stay here.The hotel is rather unique physically. It is very tall and skinny, with only a few rooms per floor. As you may have guessed, the whole hotel is library themed, and the theme pulled off in an elegant way with none of the 'cheesy-ness' that I have noticed with other themed properties. The theme is apparent when you first walk in, the wall behind the check-in desk is done up to appear like it is a card catalog. Each room is decorated based on the dewy decimal subject that corresponds to its room number. Our room was 705 which corresponds to music, and it featured artwork of musicians, along with 50-70 books that were on the subject of music. Each room has several shelves of reading material that corresponds to the room's theme. The 2nd floor lounge is designated 'The Reading Room' and contains several hundred volumes of assorted reading material, a grand piano, and cookies &amp; other snacks 24 hours a day. In the evenings, it hosts a complementary wine, cheese, reception that has a fantastic selection of wines and snacks, and has an attendant to replenish things and keep the room tidy (this is important, as many of the other hotels that i have stayed at that have 'wine and cheese' receptions tend to put out a small assortment of stuff that is picked over in 15 minutes leaving nothing but a mess). In the morning, there is a wonderful continental breakfast (again with attendants). The top floor features a wonderful top floor bar that open to the public in the evenings, and is open 24/7 to hotel guests. It is gorgeous up there, and would recommend taking your breakfast up there to eat. The service at the hotel was fantastic. Check in was swift, and professional, and we were allowed to leave our bags with the bellman after checkout so that we could explore the city for a few more hours without having to lug everything around. The facilities were extremely clean, the staff was very attentive, without hovering, and seemed more interested in making sure you had a good time than scrounging for tips. Even the little details were all in place. We were surprised by a complementary bottle of sparkling wine in our room to celebrate our anniversary, the toiletries were high quality (and included the sewing kit and shoe shiner that you never seem to get anymore!), there were fantastic robes and slippers in the room for our use, the turn down service left mints as well as delicious gourmet cookies. Finally, this is a small thing, but a pet peeve of mine, the Library offers free internet access to their guests. For some reason, 'nice' hotels seem to want to charge an arm and a leg for internet access, not the Library though, it is included with your room, as are passes to a local gym if you wish to work out during your stay. All around, this is the best hotel that we have ever stayed at in New York city, even outshining significantly more expensive properties.	
Aug 2 2009 	A good concept poorly executed	We were initially attracted to the Library Hotel because of the unusual 'library' concept. True, each room is loosely themed around a section of the Dewey Decimal system, but this could very easily be further exploited. There are books around the public areas of the library which guests are free to take to their rooms, and there is a view of the front of the New York Public Library from the breakfast room, however we were expecting to find wall-to-wall books in our room, rather than a small bookcase.Having said that, we were very warmly welcomed and well-advised on any questions we had. The rooms are small but we have been advised that this is standard for Manhattan. As this is our only experience of Manhattan hotels, we can't verify how true this is. The facilities were clean and adequate for our needs and the free DVDs to borrow were a nice touch. I would also have liked some extra pillows (but equally I didn't phone reception and ask so may not be a fair criticism...)One area that could do with some major improvement is the breakfast. This is not a cheap hotel and to be frank the continental breakfast was unimaginative and skimpy. The selection was poor, limited to bagels and danish patries with jam or cream cheese and a boiled egg if desired. There was also some fresh chopped fruit if desired. In my experience, a continental breakfast can be more varied than this and certainly more satisfying to the cutomer. On the same note, the hotel offers a cheese and wine reception in the evening. We availed ourselves of this one night before going to the theatre and found a couple of mediocre wines and a few cubes of uninspiring cheese. We didn't bother going again. This is a shame as it could be a good selling point given the price of the hotel.All in all, a good location from which to explore midtown Manhattan with friendly (if young) staff but the luxuries which we would have expected for this class of hotel were minimal or badly thought out.	
Aug 2 2009 	Simply Wonderful	We stayed in the Library Hotel in July this year. I booked the hotel based on the reviews on Trip Advisor and its proximity to Broadway where we are going to a show. From the moment we arrived the staff were so helpful and the hotel lived up to all the reviews I had read. The bedroom was spacious and very comfortable with had such attention to detail. The complimentary coffee and snacks was a very welcome added extra. I really can't convey how lovely our stay was. I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting New York.	
Jul 31 2009 	Amazing time at the Library Hotel.	We stayed at Library Hotel for 5 nights in July. The hotel is in a perfect location and close to many attractions (2mins from Grand Central Station, Times Sq, Bryant Park, Chrysler building and 5 mins Empire State. A great location for Broadway too.). On arrival we were greeted with champagne for our forth coming wedding and a thoughtful note from the hotel staff. Fantastic hotel, knowledgeable staff, lovely breakfasts and a really comfortable room. Just Perfect.What a fabulous hotel with extremely helpful front desk staff – especially Billy who was a star. Really great service. We also must mention Michael as well, lots of great advice and tips for our stay. On a less positive note the manager who I believe is called Scott made me feel like a criminal after losing my credit card through no fault of my own. Scott was also responsible for giving my fiancé and I some really duff information regarding where to watch the Macey's fireworks display but this was the only negative occurrences that we encountered. Beautiful surroundings with a great roof top terrace and wonderfully decorated. The complimentary cheese and wine nights were great although very few guests mixed, lovely breakfasts and tranquil rooms. Very blissful. All our needs were accommodated for. We would not hesitate to recommend the hotel and would come back again.	
Jul 29 2009 	Fantastic hotel perfect location very helpful staff. Roof bar wonderful!	July 17 - 18 2009. I loved the Library hotel. I booked a petite single room which was perfect for a 2 night stay. Location is ideal on Madison Avenue - you can walk to most places or grab cabs. Staff very helpful and friendly, nothing was too much trouble. The rooftop bar is a real bonus + wine &amp; cheese served between 5 - 8pm.	
Jul 28 2009 	Incredible staff + thoughtful amenities+ perfect location = one amazing stay!	I recently visited the Library Hotel for four days with my sister, who is fighting cancer. This lovely hotel was a perfect choice, for the terrific staff members were incredibly helpful in every way. The breakfast room and the rooftop garden provided good food and a quiet spot above the midtown hubbub.The location was convenient for museums, shopping, and Broadway shows. I wish it were a bit less pricey, but it's worth every penny.	
Jul 22 2009 	At Library Hotel Home away from Home	I stayed at Library Hotel 4 nights during Independence day weekend. This Hotel is in perfect location and in thevescinity of many attractions. I booked ahead of arrival the day tours as well as g Broadway shows for each evening there - 15 minutes walk to theaters saved me a bundle on taxis. Passed by every night through beautiful Times Square. The Saturday Broadway show was canceled and I did not book any day tour for Saturday, so I had an opportunity to enjoy the Hotel whole day. Let me tell you guys, the minute I walked out oftaxi, early in the morning, I walked into Heaven. I came early because I had a tour booked for the morning of my check in. The staff was extremely curtious, beyond any Hotels expectations. Even if I would forgotten anything they would be there to remind me /ask if I needed any reservations or suggestions etc. Take advantage of it, it put my mind at ease. I normally don't mingle or commune much with the hotel employees as they are busy and even if there are no people at front desk does not indicate that they are just there standing and doing nothing, in fact they are busy with checking and ensuring that each guest is expected and accommodated accordingly and in timely manner and much more. When I arrived early in the morning, my luggage was stored, and in a minute I was in the taxi and off to my tour. I arrived back at check in and in aminute was accompanied into my room. The front desk staff was always there for me even if I did not bother to ask. The girls in the kitchen knew I was looking to toast my roll and would do that for me every morning or helped me with peanut butter (I had no glasses and could not see well small prints). This was my first time single on vacation and I was a little not at ease, but the hotel staff made me feel comfortable and accomadated to all my needs, like getting a taxi for me or finding a book, I loved being pampered. I could write forever about every detail, but check it out for yourself. My room was cozy and the bed was the most comfortable I ever slept on and that alone was a big plus after a long day of sight seeing-s and shows. I loved the way the room was designed - piece of art, oh and I always found a place to sit during breakfast or wine andcheese. I extend my appreciation to Igor, Mike, Billy and the Hotel Manager. And I wish I knew the girls' names in the kitchen thank you so much for being there for me and offering to help even if I did not ask for. Back home my mind was still on vacation. I came back and had so much to share and talk about the good time I had at Library Hotel and tours and shows. It took me a week to get back to reality. Oh, and if you are a smoker, they have an excellent garden terrace on 14th floor beautifully decorated and landscaped, and one last thing I enjoyed playing the baby grand piano every evening after coming back from theaters.	
Jul 20 2009 	Great service location and amenities	The staff were very helpful and friendly. Never felt rushed, got us great Broadway tickets and gave travel advice.The room was stylish, well organised, clean and compact.Good central Mid-Town location, easy to get to transport and shops.The 5pm complimentary wine and cheese was a great wind-down after a busy day.The best feature was the staff. The worst was ...?	
Jul 18 2009 	As good as promised	I chose this hotel based largely on its standing with TripAdvisor reviewers, and was not sorry. Much has been said of it already, so I'll briefly add that I agree with the many positive comments. The hotel is lovely, comfortable, clean, friendly, and brilliantly located. I got a great fare by taking advantage of a pre-pay offer, and so it was a good bargain as well. I visit NY often and have stayed in a variety of hotels, from budget to high luxury. So far, the Library is by far my favorite, and I would stay there again in a heartbeat. In fact, I can hardly imagine wanting to stay anywhere else.	
Jul 18 2009 	Wonderful stay	My boyfriend and I spent one night at the Library Hotel on July 15th. The room was clean, the bed was very comfortable and we had a super view on Madison Avenue. We were on the seventh floor… Of course, it was a little noisy in the morning, but what else do you expect from New York City? We were looking for a real urban experience and the hotel is well located, a few blocks from Broadway, Times Square and Central Park. The wine and cheese reception and continental breakfast were nice. The staff was friendly and helpful. Even if it’s quite expensive, we would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Jul 16 2009 	Overall - excellent.	The hotel is well located in midtown Manhattan and easy to find from Grand Central Station or the airport bus drop off point. It was our honeymoon and the hotel offered us an upgrade and a bottle of sparkling wine; a congratulations note was also left in our room. The room was nicely furnished, though on the small side. I suspect though this is the norm for New York. The staff were all very friendly and helpful.Cheese and wine is included from 1700-2000 each evening. The only bad points are that the wireless internet connection is poor (I appreciate that our room was on the 11th floor but that shouldn't be a problem). Also, although breakfast is included, the self service area is very small and we often had to wait before we were able choose what we wanted. The room they use for breakfast only has around 10 tables and it is sometimes necessary to sit with others. I would question that for a hotel with 60 rooms, 10 tables is not sufficient. Overall though, we enjoyed our stay and would recommend.	
Jul 13 2009 	Very pleasant stay at the Library hope to return.	We enjoyed a good stay at the Library in June of this year. Room was a little small but well appointed and comfortable. Service was very good indeed. Has a low key, comfortable and relaxing atmosphere. Simple but good breakfast and the wine &amp; cheese in the evening an added bonus after a long day site-seeing. Would recommend enjoying a drink in the evening sunshine on the rooftop bar. Hope to return soon.	
Jul 11 2009 	Expensive Friendly Small Stains Bright Worn 	I stayed in room 304 “World Culture” and EFSSBWN is how I would describe this hotel.1) Expensive: $280 for the standard size room plus $50 tax for a total of $330.00 for one night2) Friendly: I have to be honest that the staff was very friendly. At check in and checkout they were very nice. 3) Small: The standard size room was the smallest I have ever been in at any hotel in the world. They could barely fit a full size bed in the room. A queen size bed would have taken up the whole room. I was expecting a small room but this was really really small…be warned.4) Stains: A number of stains on the comforter and pillow case. Very disgusting.5) Bright: The room is very bright at night from the lights in the street. The lamp post outside is right outside the window and the window shades are highly inadequate. If you like a dark room at night request a high floor or stay at another hotel.6) Worn: While the hotel is nice there are many little things that seem neglected and worn. 7) Noisy: Room 304 was very noisy. All night long I could hear trucks and buses driving past the hotel. Also, around 11:30PM a garbage truck picks up garbage in front of the hotel and makes a lot of noise. They need to install sound proof windows for the lower floors. The Library Hotel was a unique experience but due to the above mentioned faults I will not stay at this hotel again or recommend it to anyone. Maybe a higher floor is better but I only stayed at the Library for one night and will never find out…(since I will not be staying there again).	
Jul 11 2009 	nice hotel shame about the staff	My partner and I visited New York and it was a surprise holiday for me as I had been recovering from an illness. We arrived at the hotel on an extremely hot day mid-afternoon, after a long journey obviously, to find our room was not ready so we had to walk around for an hour or so. By the time we returned to the hotel we were hot, bothered and tired. Unfortunately, we then seemed to be the butt of a private in-joke of the staff which was upsetting and ruined out stay. The hotel itself was in a good location and the extras in terms of afternoon tea and wine and cheese were very welcoming. However, I would not go there again, in spite of some last minute insincere smarming by the desk clerk.	
Jul 8 2009 	The perfect place to stay	Fantastic hotel, knowledgeable staff, lovely breakfasts and a really comfortable room. Just Perfect.	
Jul 5 2009 	Living Paranormally at the Library	Just spent 3 nights here with my wife. Observations are:POSITIVE:Great location (close to Grand Central Station, Empire State Building, Central Park, etc...).Nicely appointed rooms (we had the &quot;Paranormal&quot; room on the 11th floor).Good breakfast (continental breakfast was pretty good and included fresh fruit, bagels, muffins, cereal, yogurt, etc...) and good views of intersection of Madison Avenue and 41st St. from dining room.Cool roof-top bar and lively restaurant attached to the hotel downstairs.Friendly staff.Room was fairly quiet (helped being on the 11th floor and away from traffic).Docking station for Ipod in room.Free Wi-Fi.Free pass to NY Sports Club.NEGATIVERoom was pretty small (as was bathroom/bathtub).TV was small.Weak brewed coffee (go for the self-serve espresso machine instead).Small/slow elevators.	
Jul 5 2009 	A great place to stay	We have just had 3 nights at the Library. We chose this hotel because of all the positive reviews, and we can now add to them.Everything is first class, even the bedroom which was small. but very attractive. The only complaint is the safe, I am 6' tall and I had to stretch to use it.The staff are all excellent and the breakfast and evening cheese and wine are first class.Everything is left to you the guest to enjoy, no rationing you can have what you want.We would definately return .	
Jul 5 2009 	A haven of peace in a world of rush	We spent 3 nights at the Liberty Hotel and couldn't have been happier with our choice. The hotel is well located near the public library just off Madison Ave. Our 4th floor room was very quiet and well appointed. The pleasant breakfast room (breakfast is included) is also used for the afternoon complementary wine and cheese. The staff was extremely kind and helpfull. We would definitely choose the hotel for our next visit and have already recommended it to friends going to NY.	
Jul 4 2009 	Unprofessional terrible incompetent staff	I called the Library to find out about availability . Egor, the front desk person, gave me misinformation regarding how to pay for the room. I followed his instructions and booked online only for him to call me and tell me he had given me misinformation. I asked to speak to his supervisor to try to fix the problem. When my guest arrived and checked into the hotel, Egor felt that it was appropriate to trash talk me to my guest. This is unbelievable. Do not stay here, especially for business, because you never know what they may be saying to your guests or clients that you book rooms for.	
Jul 3 2009 	Beautiful Hotel	I stayed here with my boyfriend in June and can not recommend this hotel enough. It really does live up to its rave reviews. Its location is spot on and the staff were superb...nothing was too much trouble. It has everything you could need for a city break and more, the wine and cheese platters in the evening were a real treat. We sampled the menu at the hotel restuarant on the first night and we were not disapointed, it had a great atmosphere. Whilst the rooms are on the small side (petite full room) it did not put us off in anyway and found the room more than catered for our needs. I would definately stay here again and look forward to doing so the next time I visit the Big Apple.	
Jul 2 2009 	Wonderful hotel fantastic staff would visit again for sure	Myself and a friend made our inaugural trip to NYC for our birthdays and chose to stay at the Library Hotel based on reviews on this site. We were from Toronto and Ottawa respectively so very excited to visit the big city :). The reviews were spot on - a fantastic hotel with loads of character and terrific staff. We stayed in the Germanic Religion room on the 12th floor - small room but enough space to move around comfortably. The washroom was an ample size and very nicely appointed. Highlights of the hotel were definitely the 2nd floor reading room where we had breakfast our first morning. We enjoyed the food and the company - got to sit with a lovely couple from Boston. Our first night on the town we may have overdone it and arrived back at the Library Hotel very late - but not to worry - the night manager, Leonard was very gracious and helped us to order food for a late night snack. He also recommended a couple of DVDs to watch (the hotel has an amazing collection of the top 100 AFI movies) over the course of our stay. He and all of the other staff were amazing. When we checked out, the staff helped us secure a car to the hotel, store our luggage (they have a nice, 1:00 p.m. check out time) and said we could use the 2nd floor reading room for snacks, washrooms, etc. even after we checked out which was amazing.All in all -great value for the money, great location, great rooms, great staff. I'd stay there again and definitely recommend it to any others.	
Jul 2 2009 	Superb	Stayed here with my mom last summer. First time for both of us staying in NYC. After flying in and taking a cab into the city we made it in time for breakfast being served that day. It was late morning and we were able to get coffee and food so we could go out and enjoy the day in the city. The staff was incredible (they even hailed cabs for us as my mom was a little unsure about the whole process). Wine and cheese on the terrace was a nice touch. I liked that we weren't in an overwhelming high-rise. Definitely a quiet location for the city. It felt like we were coming home after a long day in the city. We can't wait to return. It is pricey, but you get what you pay for-in this case immaculate rooms, top-notch service, and a fabulous breakfast!	
Jul 2 2009 	Excellent hotel	central location, very helpful staff, clean and cool. - rooms are small but you don't go to NY to sit in a hotel room. I would stay here again.	
Jul 1 2009 	Great location great people great place	We spent 5 nights in this lovely boutique hotel in mid-town Manhattan. We were located on the 12th &quot;Religion&quot; floor as were our friends. We all had a fabulous time. The rooms were comfortable and (for Manhattan) quiet. The public areas are excellent. The breakfast and wine and cheese were both good. We loved the roof top bar. The reception staff were very friendly and helpful. Their restaurant recommendations were particularly good.	
Jun 28 2009 	Great hotel and location but not cheap	Great hotel and location; service excellent - but deluxe rooms were on the small side even for new york and price was a little steep (especially for UK travellers)	
Jun 26 2009 	A great end to a great vacation.	After returning from a wonderful round trip vacation on the Queen Mary2 we could not have picked a better hotel to end our vacation. The staff of the Library Hotel was as good as the white star service aboard ship. The library hotel is an innovative hotel with amenities to die for.Great 2 day stay.EB/WB	
Jun 23 2009 	Wonderful service	We stayed here for our first anniversary trip to NYC. The staff knew their way around the city and were extremely helpful with recommendations. If you don't know the city, don't bring a city guide, just let them know what you want to do! The hotel is small and very cute, and its location can't be better. The only con was the size of the bed (a little bit small).	
Jun 22 2009 	Excellent hotel that stands apart from the rest!	My wife and I just returned from a weekend in the city to see a Broadway show, and we stayed for 2 nights at the Library Hotel, thanks to many positive reviews here on TripAdvisor. All I can say is that all the good things said about this hotel are dead-on! We found the hotel to be in a GREAT location (we took the train into Grand Central from upstate), the staff to be extremely nice and helpful, and the rooms to be extremely nice! We had a Deluxe room, which was a bit bigger than some of their normal rooms (from what I hear), and we found it to be perfect for a couple traveling in the city. The rooms are not huge, but are really VERY well appointed (has everything you would need, in my opinion). The bathroom was beautiful and FAR bigger than you might expect. The 24/7 free coffee/tea/cookies was really a nice touch. We didn't get a chance to attend the free wine and cheese in the evening, but that's another nice touch that you won't find many other places! We even ate at the attached restaurant, Madison &amp; Vine, and found the meal to be far better than we were anticipating...delicious! During our stay, I kept thinking to myself, &quot;Unless you had a reason to be located more uptown, there is no reason NOT to stay at the Library Hotel!&quot; We DEFINITELY will be back!	
Jun 19 2009 	Every nice things said about the hotel are true.	The stay does feels like an exclusive club rather than just a hotel. Service was friendly and attentive. The location is excellent - quiet and close to all the shopping and sight seeings on Fifth Avenue. Grand Central station is just a street behind. I would have liked a bigger room but I was told that is NY standard. The room was very nicely furnished though. Overall it was a highly satisfactory experience. I would definitely stay at the Library in my nex trip to NYC.	
Jun 18 2009 	Excellent Hotel	We stayed here in Dec 07 (sorry it taken so long to review) and have nothing but praise for the staff and the hotel in general. Yes it's not cheap (we needed a junior suite because there were 3 of us including my young son), but i really don't mind paying when it's worth it and The Library definetly is worth it. Breakfast is excellent and we loved the complinentary cheese and wine / snacks in the evening. All the staff were really friendly and helpful, they made you feel really welcome, which isn't always the case when travelling with young kids. We will most certainly return some day, we love New York City and The Library.	
Jun 18 2009 	We couldn't have made a better choice !!	We stayed 6 nights here during my wife's 60th celebrations. From checking in to checking out the staff were welcoming, helpful and clearly very keen to ensure we had a great stay. We had room 1106, which has the advantage of a balcony looking straight along Madison Avenue. Room size is fine, bed is excellent and there's plenty of space to store stuff and spread out. We really can't fault the Library, we'd looked through lots of reviews of this and other hotels before we made our choice and we have to say that it delivered everything we'd hoped for as NYC newies. Location, great; afternoon wine &amp; cheese, a welcome respite from the city hustle and bustle; breakfast choice and quality, just fine, a little busy on 1 or 2 days but we took a tray up to the 14th floor roof garden which was calm and ideal for a smooth start to the day; help from the staff with ideas and reservations, totally forthcoming without being over the top and gushing. Their efforts in getting us a cab on a very wet and very busy Friday night to ensure we made our final dinner reservation were typical of their standards. We just can't fault the place and would return without hesitation.	
Jun 11 2009	truly one-of-a-kind hotel	The Library Hotel is truly a unique hotel, an excellent idea that actually works. The idea of a library. For a person with literary inclinations it's the ideal hotel with impecable service and excellent staff. Although the internet made the library a lost paradise, New York shows ther can be a slice of paradise for any person that strives towards a world of culture. The rooms can feel a bit small, as the area is not known for massive and roomy accommodations, but the books in the rooms ( yes, there are books in the room, as you can choose which type of room you want according to the books in it ) give you a different perception of space. The bathrooms are great and, oddly enough, pretty large and uncrowded, as the hotel offers amenities galore, and whatever isn't in your room, the staff would gladly help with. While there the restaurant was closed, but the second floor reading room, a sort of &quot;club level lounge&quot; found in luxury chain hotels, was a great little spot for snacks, or a light breakfast, always packed with goodies, both for the stomach and for the brain, as a piano sits in one corner of the room surrounded by books and magazines with a gorgeous view of the street. The staff at the desk and all around are more than happy to help you, and even to give you free stuff ( thanks for the coffee mugs guys ). There's no reason to talk about cleanliness because it goes without saying that it's a great boutique hotel. Maybe they need a better pencil provider because they tend to break easily. We had stayed at Morgan's and Affinia Dumont while on the same long trip, and both had been just as spectacular ( morgan's breakfast place Asia de Cuba is probably better than the second floor lounge here, but there's an assumption that they served it there because of the restaurant closing ; affinia dumont's rooms were huge compared to here ) but there was an extra something at the Library Hotel. Maybe it was the fact that a couple of the guys working at the front desk were originally from Romania, or maybe it was because of a bias towards books. But all three deserve 5 stars, with the Library hotel deserving a &quot;+&quot; at the end.	
Jun 11 2009 	Excellence for a musical weekend	Stayed for a long weekend to see my great musical hero in concert The Library Hotel is lovely- warm friendly helpful staff, lovely room , perfect location No coffee in room but available all day on second floor and an excellent continental breakfast included Nice touches incuding turndown service with a weather forecast Broadband included though rather slow! Would stay again any time - thank you to all the staff for a great stay!	
Jun 10 2009 	simple classic perfection	I stayed here for a busines trip last year and I can't seem to stop talking about it. I reccommend it to every person I see. Between the beautiful books to the gorgeous bathrooms, I couldn't help myself to indulge in this inner city escape. It was hard to focus on work. I will be back, promise!!!!!	
Jun 5 2009 	Very good hotel but ...	... a few things could be improved to take it to the next level. For one thing, red wine ought to be served at cellar temperature not room temperature. Good wine is available both in the restaurant and roof-top bar but the polite and pretty aspiring young actors serving us seem to have missed the sommelier's briefing. My feelings about the place were also affected negatively by the failure of the hotel to honour the Cdn. dollar booking rate we were quoted online when we booked our room, blaming the internet booking agent for an error and refusing to compromise on the price in any way. The staff was very polite in how they explained to me why they should bear no responsibility for this but I think they were simply wrong, and that they ought to have given us the hotel at the slight lower amount we were quoted and then taken it up with the online company.Finally, the wireless internet didn't work very well. Staff eventually gave me a cable to let me hook up to a land line which worked well but maybe the hotel should consider investing in a better router.I see this is a pretty critical review that I have written. But I am writing it this way because I think this is a really good hotel overall, and not mentioning these things will prevent it from becoming even better.	
Jun 3 2009 	Delightful hotel with impeccable service and amenities	Just got back from the Library where we went to celebrate our 25th Wedding Anniversary. Complimentary champagne in our room, with a card started our trip beautifully, and it just got better and better. The staff are all delightful and cannot do enough for the guests; nothing is too much trouble. Highly recommended!	
Jun 1 2009 	Highly recommended	We stayed here on our honeymoon. We had previously been staying at the Grand Hyatt around the corner and had an awful experience at the Hyatt. In contrast, the service at the Library is impeccable. Congratultory bottle of champagne on arrival, theatre recommendations, dinner recommendations, everything you need. We loved the library area on the second floor and the rooftop bar. Decor is very modern and a little bit quirky. Decor in rooms great. The only down side is that the rooms are very small - we booked a deluxe room and it was still very small - had to put suitcase on the bed to get clothes out of it. But overall, we highly recommend it and would definitely return when next visiting NYC.	
May 28 2009 	Book now...	What a charming and lovely hotel. The service was very good, and the staff all very helpful from the moment of arriving until leaving. Great touches for any hotel and especially a new york hotel (this was our 6th trip to new york) with the rooftop terrace, cheese &amp; wine reception and breakfast in the lovely reading room. We had read the reviews on tripadvisor and debated between a few hotels before picking this one and didn't regret the choice.only downsides would be size of rooms small - i know everyone says NY hotel rooms small but this was smallest we'd stayed in - and we'd booked one up from the basic, also we were there on memorial weekend and the surrounding area was quiet ! Perhaps this is a weekend thing as it's in business type district.	
May 27 2009 	Welcoming high quality haven	From the initial warm and helpful welcome after a long flight from the UK to our check out five days later our stay at the Library Hotel lived up to its high rating. The room was very clean and well appointed, but seemed rather small, but I understand this is usual in NY. It was serviced thoroughly each day, including turn down in the evening. All staff were very helpful and friendly, often with a warm smile. The reception staff, especially Michael, shared their good knowledge of the city and the neighborhood, with recommendations for sightseeing and eating. We particularly enjoyed Convivia, a local Italian restaurant with very skilled cooking and great service and Sinlingua, an innovative Mexican restaurant. Both were booked for us. The breakfast buffet provided good choice including many healthy options. The only drawback is that the serving area is crowded at busy times. The wine and cheese buffet and opportunity for tea and coffee through the day were added bonuses. All in all we throughly enjoyed our stay at this haven of peace, providing gentle relaxation without any stuffiness, in a super location.	
May 27 2009 	A Little Gem and Perfect Location	My husband and I stayed at the Library Hotel for a week in May '08 (which I can't believe is a year ago now - have been meaning to write this review for some time!). However I highly doubt that the standard of the hotel has changed in this time, as the Library Hotel was very professionally run when we stayed.We stayed in the Dinosaur room on the 5th floor - the room was small but fine for my husband and I, who were out during the day and evenings anyway. The closet was sufficient and there was enough room for our luggage. Bathroom was great, shower was strong and hot. Our toilet did leak water though / water didn't drain properly once - but it was dealt with promptly and fixed, and the problem didn't return.The front desk and concierge were lovely - all energetic young staff (Nick was great) which gave an historic hotel an upbeat vibe. The breakfast/lounge room was very relaxing and well appointed. Continental breakfast was sufficient with enough variety, and the snacks available during the day were handy. The kitchen staff were lovely - in fact all the staff were friendly and polite and genuinely suited to hospitality. It seemed to me that they really enjoyed working there, which makes a big diffference in a hotel. There was also a little study room with high speed internet that was available 24hrs.For us as tourists having a week in NYC, the location was fab - midtown with easy access up and down town. Easy walk to 5th Ave and Central Park. The location was one of the main reasons we chose to stay at the Library Hotel and it was worth it.Would definitely stay at the Library Hotel again. Only recommendations would be: a) pick a room that's on one of the higher floors - we being on the 5th floor meant we were still quite close to the road below and it was quite loud 24hrs. Construction work was going on nearby so that didn't help. Earplugs helped! But then, we are from Melbourne which is quiet compared to the city that never sleeps!b) don't eat at the adjoining restaurant - we did the first night as we just got off the plane and needed a quick meal - but with so many good restaurants in NYC, it's worth being more choosy. The french onion soup was very salty, meals were average.	
May 23 2009 	For those who like small hotels great location	I stayed 4 nights with my 13 y.o. son in a junior suite. I would stay again at this hotel, definitely since i prefer small hotels and this one was very charming. Our theme in the room was fashion design which my son did not care for at all (i had requested &quot;mystery&quot;...) perhaps they should consider one room with a sports theme...At least access to espn on tv! Chose the hotel from previous newspaper article about it featuring the &quot;library theme&quot; and from tripadvisor reviews and for its midtown location. Booked with broadway package to facilitate getting the broadway tx i wanted (hair and billy elliot plus yankee's tx). Although service from Continental package was efficient and friendly i have the impression i might have overpayed for convenience and third party tx reservations. I would recommend booking with the hotel and getting tx for the yankees with stubhub for better prices.The location is perfect, one block from subway (green line), central station (excellent coffee counter- Joe the art of coffee- entrance on lexington, gray passage), one block from ny library (check out the stuffed animals at the origins of Winnie the Poo), Bryant Park in the back for a great place for a lunch (in the summer, outdoor movies on monday night), walking distance to the theaters, central park, am museum of natural history and museum mile on the east side, to NBA store and Nintendo world- Rockefeller center, to the Morgan library and the empire state bldg, and also walked easily to greenwich to watch some street basketball (6th ave and w4th st) followed by a stroll in the washington sq park, picture of the washington mews as well (hot chocolate afterwards at Max Brenner near union square).I found the room to be very clean and of adequate proportion (not too small), we hardly spent time in it anyway, Even on the 7th floor, it is noisy but we are centrally located in a city that never sleeps! (Madison st and 41st). Did not use my earplugs and slept very well. The hotel itself is quiet, hallways empty - less than ten rooms per floor.We appreciated the breakfast in am, good choice, service discrete and prompt. Only waited a few minutes one morning for an available table and another day shared a table briefly with another guest which is perfectly fine for me and even nice, in a city where people keep more to themselves in general.Only visited briefly the 14th floor terrace but i would imagine it is a charming place to relax after a day of walking. Did not use the available access to fitness center nearby (ran in central park instead) nor access to dvds but nice to know it is available.Kind staff at the desk as well as the bellboy and the hotel felt safe. Less than 30 minutes from LGA (afternoon). In summary wonderful stay at the library hotel.	
May 21 2009 	Fabulous NYC boutique Hotel !	Having just returned home from a week long stay in NYC at The Library Hotel we must add our kudos to the long list of very satisfied travellers who have stayed there as well.After considerable time spent surfing the net in an attempt to secure the BEST possible accomodation experience on our first trip to NYC we were extremely happy with our choice and our stay. We loved our room, it was well appointed, comfortable and had a great view onto Madison Ave. The breakfast and the wine and cheese were more than adequate and well appreciated. The staff were very friendly and accomodating and always willing to chat about the city and give us great information or make arrangements for us. We easily walked everywhere; to Broadway, seeing the sites, shopping, etc. The location is great and so is the experience of staying in such a charming and welcoming hotel. Do not miss going to the rooftop bar or eating in the restaurant off the lobby called, Madison and Vine. We loved our whole experience at the Library Hotel and would highly recommend it. Enjoy NYC...it is a wonderful experience!One sugggestion though...NYC really is the city that never sleeps, if you are a light sleeper take ear plugs with you. You'll fall asleep easily though with all the walking that you'll do (take comfortable shoes!).	
May 18 2009 	Outstanding contemporary charm	My husband and I just returned from two night stay. I can't say enough nice things about this little gem of a hotel. From the second we got out of the taxi the service was impeccable. Our bags were taken from the taxi with a smile and a welcoming hello, and we received a warm greeting from the desk staff along with recommendations for lunch. Room itself was IMMACULATE and although small, very well appointed and convenient. It is obvious every detail was well thought out and the decor itself was refined and luxurious, in a warm yet contemporary style. Everything seemed brand new. We are used to the enormous rooms in Vegas but didn't feel a bit put out or cramped here. The wine and cheese event was delicious, every offering top notch quality as was the breakfast. Downstairs open air restaurant and rooftop just added more magic to a great trip. Service everywhere was friendly and fun. Easy walk to 5th avenue shopping. HIGHLY recommended.	
May 18 2009 	New York Gem	Understated class and elegance; this hotel felt like a home from home as soon as our weary feet crossed the threshold. With complimentary breakfast and cheese/wine every day, this hotel becomes a great value retreat in the madness of NYC. Rooms are well appointed and moodily-lit. Front-of-house staff are eager to help or advise on the best places to eat or drink. The bar on the 14th floor is absolutely brilliant too; packed most nights with New York's beautiful people stopping by for a drink after work or a romantic soiree later on.	
May 16 2009 	A hotel..... Really?	I picked the &quot;hotel&quot; because it was our first trip to the city and I wanted to stay somewhere that we would really feel comfortable. Not offense to Comfort Inn or the Hilton but I wanted something..... more. We certainly got what we asked for! I wasn't so thrilled with the size of our room, it seemed a little bigger when looking at the pictures but this is how it is in the city! The staff is wonderful! They were very helpful and attentive. For example I just had to go to the Empire State building and that was all I talked about for weeks leading up to the trip but the staff informed me that I would have a much better view, a more pleasnt trip, and better pictures form &quot;The Top of the Rock&quot; at Rockafeller center. ( Boy were they ever right!) Our return flight was not until much later after check out and they held our luggage for us all day. Our flight also arrived hours before check-in time and they offered to hold our luggage, but the manager got us into our room early wich was wonderful to refresh ourselves before taking off. The breakfast was very nice and fresh and they serve until 10:30 on weekdays and 11:00 on weekends which is really nice when you want to sleep in a little. I could go on and on about how wonderful it really is. The only complaint that I have is I wish it were a little closer to Times square. It isn't too far but when you are a first time visitor to such a HUGE city and you walk everywhere almost, 5 or 6 blocks seem like FOREVER!P.S. Whenever our room was cleaned they would also leave a card on the nightstand letting us know what the weather was going to be like the next day! I loved that!	
May 12 2009 	Our new home-away-from-home in NYC	My husband and I stayed at the Library Hotel for 2 nights over Mother's Day weekend, to celebrate our 11th anniversary. We chose this hotel because of the high Tripadvisor rating and we can see why it's rated so highly! A great stay from start to finish. We had not selected a particular room when booking, so we were curious to see which one we would be assigned upon check-in. We should have guessed - as soon as they found out it was our 11th anniversary, they put us in the Erotic Literature room on the 8th floor! Before you get any ideas, just know that it's a very comfortable, elegant, tastefully decorated room. The bathroom had everything we needed and everything was very clean. The bed was extremely comfortable and had very nice linens. We felt right at home. Continental breakfast is included in the room price and it is excellent - a selection of fresh juices, coffee, tea, fresh fruit, pastries, bagels, cereals, oatmeal, and so on. Serene and beautiful surroundings, perfect location just steps from Grand Central, great service, attention to detail - this hotel is worth every penny and we will definitely be back! This was such a nice change from staying in the huge hotels in Times Square. Highly recommended.	
May 11 2009 	One word - PERFECT!!	We stayed at the library hotel on a recent trip to New York. We spent five nights there and all I can say was it was PERFECT. We have very high standards and felt that this hotel was OUTSTANDING in every area.The hotel staff clearly have the highest standards - I have never stayed in a hotel that takes so much pride in it's service.As soon as we arrived we were made to feel extremely welcome. As my wife had pointed out it was my birthday during our stay, there was a bottle of bubbly and a birthday card waiting in our room.First impressions of the room were that it was clean, very well furnished, quite petite, but entirely adequate for the two of us.This hotel has a lovely rooftop terrace and the staff make it clear that you are more then welcome to take food up there, your own drinks, breakfast or buy drinks from the bar up there.I cannot begin to describe how good the service was. We were given maps of New York, advice on where to go, and even given a number to call if we encountered any problems during our sightseeing.Breakfast was wonderful with a fantastic continental spread put on each day. Nothing in the selection was allowed to run empty or go stale as they were quickly replaced by the friendly staff.There was a library theme running through the hotel with different slections of books on each floor. You are encouraged to read the books at your leisure and also borrow DVDs from their lare range to watch on the DVD player in your room.The location of the hotel is perfect for sightseeing in Manhattan as it is near all the main attractions.We are already planning a return trip to New York and will undoubtedly return to this hotel.Do not hesitate to book - there are only around 40 rooms so book now and don't be disappointed!!	
May 11 2009 	No need to look elsewhere for a hotel in New York	The Library Hotel is simply one of the best I have ever stayed at. This was my second stay and I do not see the need to look for another place when I go to New York City; the answer is always: Library Hotel. The location is fabulous: you need only walk a few minutes to the subway at Grand Central Station or Bryant Park, and buses to the three airports arrive and leave several times each hour one block away from the hotel. Being able to have continental breakfast is a great plus (and will offset the somewhat steep price of the rooms); the same applies to the complimentary wine and cheese (plus carrots, celery sticks, and crackers, especially the New York Flatbreads) offered every day from 5.00 to 8.00 p.m. and to the beverages, fruits, and cookies available round the clock. Ask for a Deluxe Room Full rather than a Petite Room Full, especially for an extended stay, as the latter appears to be very small from what I have seen through an open door. I am already dreaming of my next visit to New York and of another stay at the Library Hotel.	
May 11 2009 	Charming hotel in great location	This is charming and trendy hotel in great location. Rooms are small or even tiny. Rooms are nicely decorated. Roof top terrace bar is absolutely must to go! You can see Empire state building while enjoying your drink.You can also borrow DVD´s and watch those in your room.	
May 10 2009 	An awesome stay - will definitely return to the Library Hotel	My boyfriend and I are just returning from a 3 day stay at the Library Hotel, and have just loved our experience. The hotel staff was incredibly friendly and helpful, from getting us a cab during busy hours (hotel staff actually spent 10 minutes on the street trying to get us the cab), to making restaurant reservations for us at the awesome Benjamin Steakhouse across the street for very last minute.The morning breakfast was great, lots of variety, and constantly replenished, so you don't feel like you're eating leftovers if go for later breakfast. Great coffee is served all day, as well as fresh pastries and fruit. The complementary wine and cheese is also great, with a nice selection of food and wine. I recommend the wine and cheese on 2nd fllor as opposed to getting a drink on the 14th floor terrace.Our room was very clean and comfortable. Although some could argue that the rooms are small, they are no smaller than any hotel room you would get in Europe, and has everything you need for a very confortable stay. Hotel noise is also very limited as there are not many rooms per floor.Also, we drove in to the city and got a discount to a parking lot around the corner due to our stay at the hotel, and this was the cheapest we've ever paid for parking in New York.We will definitely be back at the Library hotel for our next stay in New York city.	
May 9 2009	Something to add	Really cool hotel! Everything is perfect. What should be added? Ashtray to the entrance, second coffee machine and easier program for check out operation. Sometimes you will not feel too comfortable sharing your hotel with office people, that adore bar at the 14th floor. But that's ok.And... nobody from the stuff told anything about free sport club... Ask them next time	
May 2 2009 	Classy hotel in perfect distance of everything. Free food and wine!	This hotel was lovely. We stayed for 5 nights on our honeymoon. The rooms are small (it is New York) but perfectly formed and anyway, we only used them for sleeping in, we were out all day otherwise. Beautiful decor and all themed after Dewey Dec System categories - we were in 802-Classics - so we had a bookcase full of the classic titles. Breakfast had plenty of choice (taken in the Reading Room) and at any other times of the day there were always complimentary pastries and cakes laid out along with tea, coffee, juice. Between 5 and 8pm, there would be complimentary cheese and wine laid out, all very nice. It was lovely to come back from a day out and have a civilised snack, reading the papers or books, before going for a late dinner. You can see the NY Public Library from the window. Just near Grand Central for the subway but we walked everywhere else since it's in Midtown. Would definitely return. Loved it.	
May 1 2009 	A little gem in a special city	My wife and I picked the Library Hotel from an overpowering list of hotels claiming to be a little bit special. How lucky were we to pick this hotel as it was without doubt just so very different from most of the hotels on offer. We stayed for seven nights leading up to Easter and found every aspect of the hotel just as we hoped for.Not cheap but worthy of the claim to being a boutique hotel and with an atmosphere that was an oasis of calm in the frantic heart of NYC, perfectly situated, pleasant and helpful staff, endless supply of coffee and pastries, cheese and wine to start the evening and the reading room encourages you to take time and relax when all other senses are suggesting that you need to do otherwise.We loved the 2 minute walk to Grand Centraland access all areas, the 2 minute walk to the Public Library and the very short journey to Bryant Park which is a magical place to watch the world go by.I can promise that we will return soon and hope that it does not get too popular before then.John and Louise Callaghan, Ayrshire Scotland	
Apr 30 2009 	Terrific Ten-Day Trip	I stayed here from 4/4 to 4/14, a ten day trip, for a mix of business and pleasure. So this wasn't a short stay, and it was multi-purpose. So I got some unique insights into the hotel, their staff and the surrounding neighborhood.I had a set of meetings at NBC for the 2010 Olympics, so I wanted to stay somewhere within walking distance to 30 Rockefeller. Plus I wanted to bring my wife and pre-teen son along for part of the trip (it was spring break, after all).I first learned about LH after finding it in concierge.com. The high-rankings here and trip reports were encouraging. That plus we got a decent rate for a suite, which was important because my wife and I shared our room with our son (he slept on the fold-out sofa bed--very comfortable).This being my son and wife's first trip to NYC, I was very concerned about the hotel, the location and the &quot;vibe&quot;. None of which disappointed!STAFFFirst, the staff really makes this hotel work. I had the pleasure of many conversations with Billy, Michael, Marlene (your first mention!), Monique, Sood, Jayla and others. They helped us with maps, reservations, tips, business arrangements. Plus they're just cool folks to talk to. They made this one of the best hotels in NYC and you can tell they're proud of it. They're the reason this hotel is the one I will always return to.That plus the excellent lamb gyro cart across the street!BUSINESSDuring my stay, I had four of my employees come out from San Francisco on two different trips! The logistics of handling all the room combinations were a bit confusing, but Sood took care of everything.And Jayla quickly and professionally took care of our needs to rent the Penthouse / Boardroom for 3 days so we could do our work. Lovely location, above the Bookmarks bar.The 2nd floor lounge, while crowded in the morning for breakfast (if you can't get a table, grab a tray and head up to Bookmarks--you'll have it to yourself), was quite a luxury. It really felt like our own private living room. Great view of a small slice of NYC life on the corner. Also handy for keeping an eye on the #4 bus heading uptown.FUN Now this is mid-town, so it's not residential and is quite on the weekends. But nearby you have jumping off points via the Bryant Park subway station. Bryant Park itself is quite pleasant. A patch of green amonst the high-rises; the New York Public Library's main branch &quot;back yard&quot;. Get a sandwich from 'wichcraft there: Tom Colicchio's chain of gourmet sandwiches. Very good.No brainers: NYPL and Grand Central Station.Ten minute walk north: 30 Rockefeller. My son *loved* ice skating. I had no idea he's be into it so much; that was the highlight of his trip, and so, naturally, mine. Also, skip Empire State Building (3+ hour lines) and get a ticket up to &quot;Top of the Rock&quot;. Breathtaking views of the skyline. Go at sunset to see the city change.FOODNever made it to Benjamin Steak House, but it's #1 on my return trip.Grand Central is a short 3 min. walk. So much to eat and see there. Junior's stands out. So does the shoe shine at Eddies.Ask the staff about HB Burger and they'll rave about it, for good reasons. Get the homemade tator tots and &quot;world's smallest ice cream sundae&quot;. Just a short 5 min. walk towards Times Square on W 43rd. You'll find BXL next door, if you want an obscure pint of Belgian beer.Junior's at Grand Central Station had the best Ruben (I was on a quest) in the area. Good pizza at GCS, but I don't remember the name.Just 15 seconds from the entrance is Food Exchange. Good for a quick lunch or dinner. Excellent salads.Looking for a posh spot for cocktails? Ask Michael or Billy to set you up with the Campbell Apartment (at GCS). Dress smart and don't order a cosmo. This is a classic place, not many folks know about. You feel like you've stepped back into a '30s speakeasy. We left our son in the room (after getting a complimentary DVD from downstairs) and walked a block for a couple of cocktails: wonderful. ROOMSWell I had a suite the whole time (Mystery) and it was just fine for the 3 of us. Big king bed, comfortable sofa-bed. Generous bathroom. I needed earplugs at night at first. But leaving the fan on washes out the background noise. No big deal. You're in the city man! The smaller rooms (don't remember the name, but the least expensive ones). Well, they're small. But smartly appointed for a single traveler. My colleague remarked at the thoughtfulness of the layout--the designers did a great job with a relatively small space. Bookmarks: wait till you see this spot. Fantastic. If it's warm out, get there early to grab a spot on the deck. Beautiful.CONSOk, I have to list a few otherwise people won't believe the post.- Breakfast can be crowded. And cramped where people grab the bagels, coffee, tea, fruit, cereal, yogurt. But jeez, it's complimentary, fantastically convenient and tastes great! The breakfast staff works hard to keep everything stocked and the tables cleared. So this is a more a function of how well liked this amenity is and how they are economizing the space on the 2nd floor.- Elevator lights are hard to read. You'll push the buttons 3 or 4 times. Part of the charm.- TV signal, at least in my room, suffered from interference or something. Not an HD quality signal. More like mid 80s cable. Who cares.- Only 2 elevators, so you may be waiting a bit for a ride. - Complimentary wireless was spotty and not always dependable. But neither were our cell phone modems.PROSDidn't you read this whole note? I've never commented or reviewed a hotel in my life. This place is like home and I'm looking forward to my return trip!- Scott S. from Vertigo	
Apr 28 2009 	Calm luxurious and close to perfect for this single female traveler.	My husband and I stayed in the Library Hotel just after it opened. The rooms aren't large, but they contained everything we needed and we had a good experience. When it popped up as an inexpensive option for a recent two day pleasure trip to gallery hop I grabbed it. I called the hotel to confirm my reservation and request a high floor. They gave me the floor (11) and reassured me it would be mine, even if I checked in late. He was true to his word.As I arrived a bit bedraggled after 10pm, the manager sent up a free glass of Merlot. The bed was excellent, with sumptuous linens and lots of Heideigger to read to hasten sleep. (I was in the Philosophy room). The next morning, I enjoyed a cappuccino, some plain yougurt and fresh fruit with berries in the lovely second floor reading room. I arranged to check out early, they stored my luggage, and I returned around 5pm to retrieve it. The front desk attendant encouraged me to go to the reading room for happy hour. It was bliss. A glass of champagne, good blue cheese with English biscuits, crudites with dip. I lingered over the New York Times and promised myself I'd write this review. EVERYONE was just amazingly warm, giving and pleasant. The downsides are what has been mentioned: small rooms, outdoor noise (this is NYC and construction happens 24/7) a small breakfast room. But the service is spectacular, and everything you truly need in a hotel is there: good bed, linens, security, food, plush towels, and great food.	
Apr 27 2009 	Mug of coffee in hand I go downstairs to the front desk ....	You can't do that in a library, much as I like libraries. You can do it at home, but home doesn't have a front desk. It has a desk though, and sometimes you just have to get away. The Library Hotel is the most unalienating hotel I have ever stayed in. Most of the things I like best in the world were there: books (new); coffee (very good), wine (tasty), breakfast (my favorite meal and you can pretty much have it all day at The Library), privacy, comfort, calm, Internet access (computers and printer)--it is like being at home but much less work, and New York is outside. It is like staying in a hotel but it redefines the word hotel. It's not cheap but it's not &quot;cheap.&quot; There are lots of taxes but there are also many gestures and thoughtful considerations which make a traveler feel very well taken care of. I feel torn about divulging too much about the hospitality, ease, deliciousness, general delightfulness (clever design, intelligent treatment of small spaces), and convenience of The Library -- because I like the notion of a well-kept secret. But there is a spirit of generosity in The Library that deserves reciprocation. I thought everyone working there did a wonderful job. This is the first time, on departure, I've ever looked up the owner of a hotel. Architects yes--but I haven't had a positive sense of an owner's ethos before. The Library has even managed to get the neighborhood (the sublime Madison Avenue) to build a great big public library up the street! And stud the sidewalks with bronze plaques with quotations from literature. Ah--the power of the name!	
Apr 21 2009 	Don't Stay Anywhere Else!	I stayed in the Library Hotel for a week in mid April with my 12-year old daughter. It was our first trip to New York - and her first trip to the USA. We loved the hotel. The reception staff were very helpful and gave us tips on where to go. Make sure you ask for the shopping maps and the discount vouchers! The Reading Room was a great place to go at any time of day and we loved the breakfasts. The 14th floor was wonderful too. The housekeeping service was fantastic and we liked our &quot;weather forecast&quot; - brought to the room each evening as part of the turn down service. If you want an evening in, you can simply pop down to reception and borrow a dvd from their huge selection. On top of all this, the hotel has a fantastic location. Most attractions - and many, many shops - are an easy walk or short subway ride away. All in all, I would highly recommend this hotel. If I go back to New York, I know where I will be staying.	
Apr 20 2009 	lovely hotel great holiday	Overall a great location with friendly staff. The rooms are compact but extremely comfortable. However, what makes this hotel stand out are the small, thoughtful touches. Wine and cheese in the evening was really appreciated, and a complimentary bottle of wine in our room got our holiday off to a lovely start. The small rooftop bar was a great place to stop off before going to dinner. I would recommend this hotel and would go back.P.S - we got engaged in room 802!	
Apr 20 2009 	Great charming boutique Hotel for New York needed rest	We spend a week in the Hotel and it was just fantastic. The combination of location, decoration, excellent service and advice on places to have dinner or check out is fantastic. It has wonderful &quot;book&quot; personality and provides shelter and relax very needed in all intense New York trips. The reading space available 24 hours was a gift. Never felt overwhelmed by people or activity, just the right balance. And it's walking distance for key areas like the Theatre district (broadway), Empire State Building, 5th Avenue shopping area to mention few. Special thanks to the people that work in the Hotel, they make it very special, from the team serving breakfast to the guys in the Front Desk. Excellent!	
Apr 19 2009 	A surprising value with an amazing 14th floor	I booked this hotel for 3 nights in mid April based on the reviews I read on this site. Indeed, the room was quite small, but the bathroom was more than adequate and nicely appointed. I found the premises to be extremely clean, bright, and pleasant. The staff very gracious and helpful and the breakfast served, although not gourmet, certainly had enough options with fresh fruit, bagels, pastries and cereal to get the day started. I do agree that there should be more tables in this room, it was mostly full during our stay. The wine and cheese each evening is a very nice touch and so pleasant not to be nickeled and dimed for such a treat. The fourteenth floor is a gem. One of the days we were there it hit 70 degrees and I was able to sit outside on the terrace for an hour in the afternoon to read - it was heavenly. It is hard to believe this is little oasis is hidden in the middle of Manhattan. We did return for a nightcap there one evening at 11 and the atmosphere was just as pleasant - music not too loud, not overcrowded, just a pleasant hum of activity. We were on the 6th floor and I was impressed that the windows blocked as much noise as they did. I suppose a floor or two higher and we wouldn't have heard a thing. The location is best for accessing Grand Central station. Other than that, there was not a whole lot to walk to.	
Apr 16 2009 	Stylish boutique hotel with library theme	We were delighted with this 'find' of a hotel on Madison Avenue. Each room is individually named from the Dewey scale - we stayed on the 'language' floor in 'Romance' room! There are book cases everywhere and you are welcome to read the books whilst staying there. The rooms are compact but very stylish. The breakfasts were excellent - piles of fresh fruits, freshly baked cherry/blueberry muffins and pastries, bagels and toasts. Between 5 and 8 you could indulge in cheese and biscuits, and dips with prosecco, red or white wines completely free of charge. We invited friends over whilst staying there and had a very enjoyable time before going out to dinner. There is a rooftop terrace where you can have wines beers and cocktails in the evening. They also over a turn down service with a chocolate left by the bedside. Very pleased with our stay.	
Apr 15 2009 	A gem	We stayed at the Library Hotel for 3 nights over the Easter break. A fantastic hotel - we would definitely stay there again. All the staff were very helpful, especially the concierge service who went out of their way to help us - our stay wouldn't have been the same without their recommendations - thank you Michael! Although our room was small, this was no surprise as we had read the many reviews (and hence had gone for the junior suit). The room was clean, elegant, modern, well furnished and perfectly fine for our needs. The only downside was that the air con was a little loud. Breakfast was basic, and the room it was served in would benefit from a few more tables as it was a little crowded. However, these are minor irritations - outweighed by the modern decor, its quirky character and the rooftop bar on the 14th floor - a fabulous surprise - it had a great vibe early in the evening. The location is very central - great for tourists. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Library Hotel and would return again.	
Apr 14 2009 	The Library Hotel Could Easily Be Called the Lively Hotel	I wouldn't stay anywhere else in NYC. The staff is excellent-friendly and knowledgeable. I appreciate meeting the other &quot;guests&quot; while enjoying breakfest, tea, or the daily late afternoon wine and cheese reception in the &quot;reading room&quot;. The rooms are small but the ambiance is appealing and the space is sufficient for comfortable living. Located close to Grand Central Station it's easy to get around the city on the subway. I met my friend in the roof top, glassed in bar and he was impressed.	
Apr 12 2009 	Nice hotel. Nice location	Liked the theme room concept. Even got the possibility to book the specific theme we wanted. Breakfast for free all day long. Nice terasse next to the bar on the top floor.	
Apr 11 2009 	Location service 	We stayed there for my wife's 40th birthday, and the room upgrade (to queen) and greetings right from the word go, were great, which the staff maintained for all our time there. Despite the upgrade, the room was still small, all too common for NY rooms !, however it was very clean and had all we needed. The location is great, far enough away from the real people hot spots, but within walking distance of most attractions, as well as having bus stops, subway and grand central all within a couple of minutes walk. The downsides were the noise, as the air con was loud even on a low setting and windows didn't block out much street noise and we were on level 5. The other downside was the breakfast which was a little limited in scope, but more importantly there was no space for us on two of the mornings, so a breakfast tray and a trek to the 14th floor was required, not ideal ! Lastly, we were not allowed to keep our room for one extra hour from 1300 to 1400, which disrupted our plans. Overall, we enjoyed our stay and would recommend and return.	
Apr 10 2009 	compact rooms but a brilliant hotel	One of the best hotels I've ever stayed in. Not the fanciest, certainly not the roomiest, but a joy to go back to after a hard day's fun in New York. The library theme is entertaining, you get books in your room, and the famed complementary cheese and wine were a great, generous, start to each evening. The staff were welcoming and helpful. The breakfasts in the library/dining room overlooking the street were fairly basic but adequate and pleasant. The room was very clean and tastefully fitted, with free wifi and bottled water each evening. This hotel put me in a good mood each day. And I think it was incredible value for money. Midtown is not the most exciting location but so convenient if you want to explore Manhattan and beyond. We walked to most parts of the island from here. I was very sad to leave.	
Apr 9 2009 	simply the best !!!	I dont often take the time to write reviews for anything but the library hotel go that extra mile for their guests and deserve credit for it!We have just returned from a week long stay at the library hotel in NYC ,my wife and i went to celebrate my 40th birthday in style and we were so pleased we chose this hotel.Im pretty fussy on service levels and my wife is very fussy when it comes to cleanliness!no worries on either count here! the room (a deluxe queen) was a good size,well laid out,very comfortable,had everything we needed and more and was impecibly clean.the cheese and wine reception every night from 5 to 8 is not to be missed,24/7 tea,coffee and cookies in the reading room is a great extra,and the complimentary continental breakfast is plentiful and delicious! everything about the library hotel is first class,the location is great and all the staff are a credit to their industry,Egor especially was an absolute diamond,nothing was too much trouble and he has an excellent knowledge of the city,local restaurants etc.things like a free DVD library,turn down service with the next days weather and chocolates every night,a clock radio alarm with i-pod dock,are things you dont expect either!I would recommend this hotel to anyone travelling to new york,its a calm,luxurious oasis in the middle of manhattan and next time we visit will be staying there again.I dont think you could find a better all round mixture of the things that are important in a hotel in New York than at the Library hotel....well done and thanks for making our trip so memorable,we'll be back!!!Andy.S England	
Apr 4 2009 	A wonderful hotel in a great location	This is a wonderful, wonderful hotel. From the moment we were greeted by the superb staff all the way through to when we regretfully had to leave this hotel proved to be one of the best I've ever stayed in. This trip was a vacation, but on business trips I have stayed in many NY hotels, all of them more expensive that The Library - none is better. Our room was great, the breakfast each morning was a relaxed and perfect way to start each day, and the wine and cheese each evening was a great place to stop by before heading out for dinner. I cannot recommend this hotel enough.	
Mar 31 2009 	Lovely Place Nice Features Great Staff Good Location	While our room was smaller than we expected, it was clean and nicely furnished. The staff was great and very attentive. The included breakfast was just what you needed to start the day and the wine/cheese time was a great way to end the day. Also check out the rooftop bar/lounge, it was a pleasant surprise. Overall the decor was nice and modern with a deco twist. It is also in a great location, just a short walk from a ton of places.	
Mar 29 2009 	One of the best hotels i ever stayed in	This hotel is by far one of the best hotels i have ever stayed in. The service is fantastic. The front desk staff are extremly courteous and friendly and go out of their way to help you out.The petite full room is small but excellent. Very very clean and very well decorated. I love the character of this hotel, each room has a different theme, ie Advertising, Religion etc .. and has a small library of books in each room for you to read. I really recommend this hotel and i will be staying here on any future stays in New York.	
Mar 28 2009 	Fantastic Find; Will Definitely be Back	We have stayed at many NYC hotels over the years and this was by far our favourite. The location was fantastic, but not actually on a busy thoroughfare; the room was exceptionally clean and sufficiently spacious (including the bathroom which had a full tub and separate little vanity area), especially by Manhattan standards; The decor was modern but not cold; the breakfast and wine and cheese had food of excellent quality in a great ambiance; the public areas were very nice; the staff were very attentive but not oppressive; overall, excellent value for the money and we will definitely stay there again on future trips.	
Mar 27 2009 	Change My Address	As my husband and I were returning to Providence on the train, we were trying to figure out how we could manage to live there. To say we love it . Absolutely! Staff, rooms, amenities, all fabulous.	
Mar 26 2009 	Midtown with a friendly smile	The friendly welcome, a service that's always there, the offer of free drinks &amp; snacks during the day, the free wine &amp; cheese hour from 5 to 8, the concept of your own private library within the room, all this within 5 minutes footwalk to Central Station, Empire State Building or Times Square - there's no better place to stay. The rooms could be larger, but they're cosy.	
Mar 24 2009 	I - N - C - R - E - D - I - B - L - E!!	This is lovely little hotel was a phenomenal find. I've stayed in many hotels in NYC, both high end and low. The Library Hotel is by far the best: great value, attentive service from a friendly staff and the most convenient location possible. They really put their money where their mouth is. The hotel's decor is elegant and features wonderful flower displays throughout. My room was a petite single, which was small in terms of floor space but didn't feel that way because of the 12 foot ceilings and the architectural details. The public spaces are plentiful and comfortable. The evening reception and the breakfast offer generous quantity and outstanding quality!My fourth floor room was on the 41st Street side near Madison Avenue. It was noisy but I always travel with ear plugs so it wasn't an issue for me. I would have complained that they put me in the language I like the least but the bookshelf included an English translation of a book I've wanted to read so that took care of that objection :)I appreciated the ease of using the business center to print my boarding pass. I really appreciated the fact that the hot water was instant. As a conservationist, it was at treat to not waste water waiting for it to turn hot. The only thing that keeps The Library Hotel from being the absolutely most perfect boutique hotel ever is that they are not participating in the &quot;green hotel&quot; movement. But that is a small objection in comparison to the overall experience. I can't wait to return.	
Mar 24 2009 	Great hotel in superlocation	A great boutique hotel, very comfortable with complimentary great breakfast and complimentary wine and cheese every evening! Very easy access (walking distance) to so many places and super close to subway for locations further away. The room was clean and elegant and the staff was really helpful. Nice spaces to sit and relax including an open air terrace. In relation to luxury/supertrendy hotels, this was smaller and not so posh, but in terms of great value for money in the luxury category, we could not have made a better choice!	
Mar 19 2009 	A lovely welcoming boutique hotel in heart of NYC	We have just returned from a four night stay at the Library Hotel for St Patrick's Day. We had a deluxe room on the 8th floor at the back of the hotel so we werent bothered with noise at all. The hotel itself is beautifully decorated and the staff are so welcoming. Its lovely being able to come to the hotel and relax in the 2nd floor lounge - its like a home from home. The bar on the 14th floor seems to be a popular spot at weekends, we visited after dinner on the sat night and it was jumping - we loved it as it meant we didnt have to trek around NY to find a cool bar! Only thing I would say is that the wicker tables and chairs dont really fit the theme of the rest of the bar - dark, modern wicker would be much nicer. Value for money? I would say yes. rate includes a lovely continental breakfast with some really great coffee, biscuits and cakes during the day and the best bit - comp cheese and wine every evening between 5 and 8 - perfect after a busy day sightseeing! Overall, I would have no hesitation in recommending it to family and friends - its a gem of a hotel in NYC.	
Mar 16 2009 	Elegant and unique	Yeah our room was very small and my husband was particularly crabby about the room size, but the truth is that I had booked a petite room—this is what we could afford. The room was impeccably clean and had two small bookcases with interesting books... what a great idea! We felt pampered with the complementary coffee and cookies served all day and the wine &amp; cheese served every day in early evening. Guests have access to a small terrace with magnificent view to the city. Front office staff was not particularly friendly but was kind, Restaurant staff was friendly.No doubt I would recommend The Library. Wish we will be able to return…	
Mar 3 2009 	Great location and fab service with a smile	I stayed here last week for five nights with my 8yo daughter. We had a small room but it was big enough for the two of us and had a super comfy bed. The hotel had nice decor and i really liked hte bathroom tiles. The brekky was good enough and the free wine and cheese every evenign from 5pm to 8pm was a nice touch and it was even nicer that we could invite some friends back to enjoy some of that free wine and cheese with us one night. The service was great, very responsive and always with a smile. It was easy walkign distance to a lot of the sights and the subway was nearby so it was easy to get to everything.	
Mar 3 2009 	Smart and Funky	What a great little hotel!My wife and I stayed here for four nights during our trip to New York. The first five nights were spent at another mid town hotel which was probably better value overall but the Library really excelled in being funky.We stayed in the &quot;ethics&quot; room and thought it was very nice. It was a bit small but this is New York and you don't spend too much time in your room (well you shouldn't). The breakfast was nice and for something more you are just around the corner from Pershing Square at Grand Central Station - great breakfasts!The Library Hotel is an easy walk to most of the NYC tourist attractions and Broadway is about a 15 minute walk. Anything more than a 15 minute walk is easy to get to on the subway so get with the locals in the subway - so easy to work out.	
Mar 2 2009 	We'll be back!	My husband and I recently stayed at the Library for a weekend of fun in the city. The hotel staff is very friendly and helpful and our room was very nice. The only problem we had, and I didn't consider it significant enough to complain, was that the bathroom door would get stuck when you closed it, and it was somewhat difficult to open. Other than that, the room was lovely. We enjoyed the rooftop bar and the second floor lounge was nice for reading the paper and planning our day. Overall we had a very positive experience, and we will definitely be back to the Library.	
Mar 2 2009 	Fabulous	Our experience began with a call from Michael, the concierge 2 weeks prior to our stay; he offered to make any reservations we might need and was full of suggestions. We took him up on 2 of his recommendations and they were right on.I emailed the hotel later to explain I had food allergies and asked if they would please make inquiries for me ahead of time, so that I did not have to &quot;go through&quot; the whole scenario with each restaurant....which is a bore for everyone. These folks were terrific... When we arrived, we were greeted like old friends - and we'd been upgraded to a junior suite. The room (Ancient Language Suite) was very nice - it reminded us of spot we'd visited in Seville last spring. There is a joke in my family that we should not bother carrying bags anywhere until I check-out the room; no problem here. I have read complaints about the room sizes, but honestly with the 2nd floor library and the entire 14th floor at guests disposal - there is plenty of room to stretch out, for us anyway. When we return, and we will; I would request a room on a higher floor and on the 41st Street side - we faced Madison where there was road work Friday during night which made it awfully loud; I am a light sleeper. The room was impeccably clean.To our delight, when we arrived at Madison and Vine (the hotel restaurant) we'd been &quot;assigned&quot; Semo as our server (the maitre de )who over saw our dinner in the kitchen to make sure there was not an issue with allergies.Dinner was wonderful. Someone from the Library also personally spoke to the owner of Benjamin's Steak House (across the street) to make sure there was not an issue on the following night.Complimentary breakfast and wine/cheese reception were very nice, as a matter of fact when I asked if guests could join us prior to dinner the hotel was immediately receptive and generous (gratis for our guests).We will be back.	
Mar 2 2009 	Sincerity Felt	This is my 1st trip in NYC and it's a solo trip. I feel warm and safe to stay in the hotel.What I like about the hotel:- Close to both subway AND airport bus stop- The district is busy but rather safe- All food/ snacks provided are of high quality- Computers with internet access- Nice little touch such as daily weather forecast- Warm ambience- Staff are nice and helpfulCan be even better if:- larger room size (I stay in single petite, it's really petite, 200 sq ft)- some hot dishes in breakfastAll in all, I feel the determination and sincerity of the hotel to provide gd service to customers. I would pick the same hotel if I have the option to choose again, and I would be happy to return if I have the chance to visit the city again.	
Feb 27 2009 	a hotel with character	We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Library Hotel. It is a peaceful, quiet oasis in the midst of busy Manhattan. Organizing the floors and rooms according to the Dewey Decimal System gives a unique feel to the experience. The room was very clean and comfortable with lovely furniture and interesting decorations according to the theme of the room. Service was excellent - I will definitely stay there again.	
Feb 23 2009 	Wonderful Experience!	I surprised my wife with a weekend trip to NYC and picked the Library based on Trip Advisor and Fodor's. We absolutely loved the hotel. We arrived after 11pm on Friday night and the staff was so friendly and helpful on check-in. We stayed in a deluxe queen room, which was cozy but not too small at all. The theming of the rooms is a really cool feature that made the stay much more special.The location is central to so much of what New York has to offer. We were able to walk to Rockefeller Center, Radio City Music Hall, Times Square, Grand Central Terminal, and Central Park. If we had a little more time, there was much more of the city within walking distance.During our entire stay the staff was friendly and helpful without being fake and annoying (like some other hotels where the staff tries to be &quot;friendly&quot;). The breakfast was very good for a continental breakfast, and the free wine and cheese in the afternoons was a nice touch.We definitely plan on staying at the Library again.	
Feb 23 2009 	Much to recommend it but the ventilation system is severly lacking.	I agree with many of the points made in the positive reviews on this site. In particular, I would highlight: the quality of the breakfast; the wine/cheese offer; and the borrowing library of DVDs. The staff were mixed: some were very friendly, some were not.However, I do have two areas where The Library certainly does not excel: room sizes - VERY compact, if well designed; you certainly couldn't have two people sharing my room comfortably (I had a &quot;Petite Room Full&quot;). 200 sq ft is actually very small, so it may be worthwhile upgrading to a larger room. The more important issue though is that I discovered - and the staff admitted - that there is no individual control for temperature in guest rooms, at least in winter. One can only alter the degree of fan, but the very warm temperature can not be adjusted at all! When I questioned this, I was told to turn the fan OFF! This would result in no ventilation in the room at all, unless one opened the window and suffered from construction noise on Madison Ave. I was amazed that other guests have not picked up on this, as I find this a serious problem. So my room was either too warm, too stuffy, or too noisy (when I opened the window, in desperation, I needed to use ear plugs).The Library has much going for it, but it really should bring itself into the 21st century and update the ventilation system, allowing for individual temperature control in all guest rooms.	
Feb 21 2009 	loved this centrally located boutique hotel	great place, loved the room and the books, great staff who know new york well and are always so friendly and useful, loved the breakfast and evening cheese and wine receptions, great bathroom with amazing products. Overall, never felt so spoilt in my life!! We went there for a romantic get-away and loved every minute of it!! The location is so central you can walk anywhere.. save up and go!!!	
Feb 20 2009 	Flawless stay	Stayed at the Library 1 night, room was beautiful (junior suite), wine and cheese a great idea, very good comp breakfast in the morning and nice staff , overall a great stay !!	
Feb 19 2009 	What a fantastic place to stay	The location is absolutely perfect for tourists with some great restaurants located within a few minutes walk. The bedrooms are very well laid out and a good size for New York.The complimentary wines and cheeses in the evening ads a relaxing touch after a hard days sightseeing and shopping. Staff were extremely helpfull.	
Feb 17 2009 	Perfect!!!	I can not recommend this hotel enough!Central Location, Lovely, helpful staff. The rooms are comfy, clean, not small by any standards.Breakfast is plentiful, snacks and coffee available 24/7(cant go to bed without a cup of tea!) and the wine and cheese buffet is the best idea ever! We werent that bothered about going out for a meal every night, and the buffet is a great way to fill you up and save money!The hotel also offer a selection of DVDs, which are lovely to pop on when we where having baths and chilling in the evening...then dont have hollyoaks in america. lol It is noisy at night, but thats NYC, not the hotels fault. We used the earplugs that we received on the plane and it was fine.A haven after long days in the big apple!	
Feb 16 2009 	Petit rooms but fine place to stay	Stumbled on this one through the rave reviews on tripadvor.com. I have no way to compare it to other hotels in NYC, but I was still surprised how SMALL the hotel rooms are. Hotel rates in NYC seem generally overinflated, but what is to be expected in a city where &quot;the market takes what the market can get.&quot; Apart from the size, I must concur with my fellow travellers here:the hotel was clean, the staff extremely friendly and helpful and the location near Grand Central a great plus when using the subway to get to all the exciting sites and places around NYC. You can also walk to the Crysler Bldg. or the library from here.The wine and cheese offer in the evenings as well as the breakfast were appreciated. Wonderful Bagels!The libary hotel is a great base to stay to explore the city. It made my first stay in NY a pleasant one.	
Feb 15 2009 	Our New NYC Favorite!	My husband and I enjoyed a wonderful Valentine's Day weekend getaway at the Library Hotel in New York. We stay in NYC frequently and have found many great hotels but this one blew away the competition. Everything was perfect: A gorgeous, clean, comfortable, well-appointed room; fantastic, friendly service; an ample, delicious breakfast to start the day. My one regret is that we were out of the hotel during their evening wine tastings, but. . .next time we'll do that! We've traveled a lot--in the U.S. and abroad, on business and pleasure--so for a hotel to make this big a positive impression takes some doing. As my husband said, &quot;Okay, now we've got a new favorite hotel in New York!&quot; I agree.	
Feb 15 2009 	Excellent Boutique Hotel	Arrived at JFK, walked out of the terminal and got the bus to Grand Central Station. Arriving at GCS, you literally turn around, walk away from GCS, take the next right and its 1 block up on your right hand side. So easy.Hotel check in was done with ease and staff very friendly and informative. Got the dinosaur room which I think is a Junior Suite on the 5th floor. Room is cosy and well decorated. There's a built in wardrobe, TV, DVD player, mini bar, hairdryer, shower, toilet etc. They provide the shampoo and shower gel. On arrival in the room, there is a bottle of sparkly waiting. Nice touch. Handwritten notes from turndown service gives you information on what the weather is doing the next day. They even leave a chocolate behind for each of us.Included in the hotel cost is breakfast which includes bagels, bread, fruit, cereals etc. This is not included in many hotels in NYC so this is a bonus. Complimentary wine, cheese and biscuits on the 2nd floor everyday between 5 and 8 is very nice and all in a lovely surrounding. They 14th floor has a bar and balcony.When it rains they have umbrellas for you to borrow. DVD's are yours to borrow for the night if you are stuck for things to do.The hotel is in an ideal location (2 mins from Grand Central Station) where you can get the subway to Battery Park, Brooklyn Bridge etc. Hotel is situated on Madison Avenue where all the nice shops are. Easy to walk to Times Square, Empire State Building, 5th Avenue, Madison Avenue. All around 10 min walk. Located (I think) centrally to all the usual tourist sites.Bear in mind when booking the hotel room, you can't pay for it at the time. It did cost us an extra £500 from booking it to paying for it as the exchange rate dived!! Neither the less, it is all worth it.	
Feb 14 2009 	perfect	location, room size &amp;amenities, staff, complementary wine &amp; cheese; internet, all perfect. do visit the rooftop bar!	
Feb 10 2009	Lovely Library	As a 20 year old visiting New York for the first time I decided to spend a bit of extra money on a nicer hotel, with which to feel safer in. I found The Library on TripAdvisor and really looked forward to it. The thanksgiving deal they were doing at the time meant I booked three nights for about half the price. I arrived at about 11pm which wasn't a problem as I had requested a late check in. I was greeted warmly (literally, the lobby was very warm) by Igor who checked me in with ease. I was very keen to get to TOTR by midnight so I asked for directions to Rockefeller Centre. Igor got out a map and showed me where I needed to go and even gave me a voucher for a discount off the price of a TOTR ticket. The doorman brought my heavy bags up for me. I booked the petite single room (and was given the oceanography room hehe) but was surpised at how petite it was. I'm a five foot, 45 kilo girl (in other words, tiny), but was still surpised at how small the room was. An example: my suitcase took up an entire side of the room between the bed and the wall. However, I wasn't there to spend all day in my hotel room and it was just me so it wasn't a problem. On the upside, the bed was very comfy- particularly the pillows. Everything is nice and new and clean. There's a tv, mini bar, dvd player and the bathroom is nice (again, small), however when I ran a bath a bit of dirt came up from the plug hole which was weird. The bathroom has ammenities, nice white towels and a hairdrier. One thing I liked was the DVD collection the Library rents to you- The Film Institutes Top 100. One night I rang reception and asked for Forrest Gump which they brought straight up without any fussed and just asked that it be returned before I checked out. Oh, and the maids came once (perhaps even twice, i'm not sure) a day. What else? The hotel has a computer with free internet access which was a bonus and the morning breakfasts were beautiful. I had encountered other hotels on my trip which also offered breakfast but the Library's buffet was the best by far. Fruit, pastries, cereal, bagels and espresso coffee. And they even provide reading material (as you do at a library) while you eat. Upon checking out the staff called a cab for me. All in all, a really lovely hotel. You really can't go wrong. One day I was in Sephora having an assistant applying make-up for me (I was looking for a foundation) and when I mentioned where I was staying the woman squealed and said even though she lives in NYC, sometimes she books into the hotel for the weekend for a mini-getaway.	
Feb 9 2009 	A Wonderful Manhattan Boutique!	My husband and I stayed four days at the Library Hotel in late January for our tenth anniversary. We found the hotel charming, cozy and friendly. We would love to stay there again and highly recommend it.There are so many reviews on this site that I risk repeating others, so I will attempt to answer some questions that I had after carefully reviewing Trip Advisor. First, my husband does not like bed and breakfast inns and is suspicious of boutiques. Given that this was an anniversary trip, I was trying to avoid a huge, impersonal convention-type hotel. We both loved the Library Hotel and it provided the perfect balance. The staff are efficient and friendly but never intrusive. Even the public spaces in the hotel afford plenty of quiet spots to &quot;escape&quot; with a good book and a cup of tea. Our room faced Madison Avenue but it was not too noisy. The hours for breakfast and wine/cheese are wide enough to accomodate any schedule.Second, we booked a Junior Suite with King bed (Ancient Languages) and felt the room was large enough by Manhattan standards. The layout was efficient with space for two people and their gear.Third, we made this trip without our son, but I was wondering whether he would enjoy it should we ever have the chance to bring him. While I would say the hotel is geared toward the adult traveler, a child who is a real book lover, library lover and familiar with Lemony Snicket (which describes our son), would probably appreciate it. However, we did not notice any families with children during our stay.We would highly recommend the Library Hotel -- we took advantage of a mid-winter special rate on their website so be sure to check before assuming it is out of your budget.Enjoy your travels and your reading!	
Feb 9 2009 	A	I'm a huge fan of bed and breakfasts, but that's a tough goal if you're traveling to New York. I found boutique hotels to be the next best thing to a bed and breakfast. In December 2008, I checked out three boutique hotels in Manhattan. Out of the three, I enjoyed the Library Hotel for its quality service, scrumptious breakfasts and most of all, its decor and book motif. Staying here made me feel at home even though I was in the heart of New York's nerve center. While I found the Library to convenient for my family, I think it's perfect for the business traveler and couples.	
Feb 3 2009 	Died in bliss at the library	After spending Christmas at the Library, all I can say is that I wouldn't want to stay anywhere else. The staff are extremely friendly and efficient. The location is excellent, about a 2min walk to Central Station where you can catch the shuttle to Times Square. Although you can easily walk to most attraction- Library, Empire State, MoMA, UN. You are provided with complementary chocolates &amp; bubbly on arrival. The breakfast is great- contenental. And the all day cakes and cofee sooo good.We were here for Christmas. It was so beautiful.If you are considering going to NYC and like us (my boyfriend &amp; I) on a tight budget- please stay here. Yes it is waaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyy expensive but we did it by staying in Youth Hostels everywhere else. Have fun!	
Jan 29 2009 	Nice Hotel Good Value for Money	I went to Library Hotel in the end of last year.I must say it's a very good hotel, I stayed on a Single Room that was not small as I was expecting, the only thing was the safe was on a very high position. The room is decorated with books as well as the breakfast lobby on the second floor. The ambience is very familiar and nice.The Hotel is very central one block away from 5th avenue in front of New York Public LibraryThere was some confusion with my return trip to the airport but nothing much...I would recomend this hotel for a good place to put your money, for example was the only one that didnt changed the prices for the new year.I would say a perfect gem in NYC	
Jan 28 2009 	good experience	this hotel is in a great location.. lots of nice places to eat nearby and as others have said some really nice touches to the room, with the book themes and the collection of dvd's you can borrow from reception. My hubby had let them know it was my 30th birthday and they put a complimentary bottle of bubbly in the room which was lovely. The rooftop bar is very nice with excellent views... the petit full rooms are a little on the small side but average size for NY. Would definitely return and maybe splurge on a suite...	
Jan 27 2009 	wonderful	The library is a wonderful, intimate hotel. Wireless internet, gym access, continental breakfast, wine and cheese in the afternoon, all included. I didn't feel like I was being hounded by countless fees like in most hotels. I hesitate to call the atmosphere &quot;club like&quot;. I didn't feel a sense of exclusivity as much as being included. The staff is warm and friendly, the guest were relaxed and unassuming. The 2nd floor library is a lovely space open 24 hours a day and providing cookies, juice, tea, coffee, wine and cheese. The small rooms are clean and nicely decorated.	
Jan 27 2009	One of THE BEST Hotels 	I am the family travel agent! I worked extremely hard on this specific trip ! October 27 - November 1st 2008...It was a combination 85th Birthday celebration for my mother-in-law and a family reunion for 11 people- two who had never met the others-ala boyfriends and fiances... I began by trusting my fellow trip advisor writers. It took me over a month and a half to decide what hotel would be THE one for Bea! She deserved the Best! When I began the actual booking The Connoisseur at the Library Hotel was exceptional. In very MANY &amp; lengthy discussions we slowly figured out all the details and I mean DETAILS!!! I was polite but very emphatic and was greeted with nothing but pure assistance and personal touches galore! We were in contact constantly and it was always a delight and funny. Very personalized!The Hotel includes a fabulous continental breakfast which is loaded with fresh goodies. NOT your typical breakfast. It is served in their library sitting room with beautiful views and ambience. Paintings,piano, art work, and of couurse BOOKS to borrow and read EVERYWHWERE!!! They serve complimentary wine, champagne, beer, and appetizers after 5pm in this room as well. There is fresh fruit and coffee 24hrs in here.The bar is for all of NYC. It is located on the 14th floor with unbelievable views. Couches with a fireplace and even outdoor seating with heaters made it so enjoyable for martini indulging! We loved coming up here to wind down our evening especially with the 21 yr olds!We booked 6 rooms-each with specifications and surprise EVERYTHING was PERFECT when we arrived. NOTHING was changed or hidden. YEA! Even with two arrival dates, two parties, and from two different states. We were picked up and taken to the airport by The Library Hotel who made the limo arrangements for not much more than a taxi! Worth every penny for the lack of worrying.I gave him my list for dinners, sight seeing, activities, sports bars, and brunch. We had a lot of fun selecting the venues. I had already selected &quot; Blue Hill&quot; for Beas' birthday dinner. All I can say is SUPERB!!! Outstanding food and service! On Halloween/Fri night no less in Greenwich Village. A MUST DO!!!Benjamins Steak House was surprisingly excellent! They were willing to seat all 11 of us at one table. A rare find in NYC! Most do not seat more than 6 people at one table. The menu was classic but had many choices prepared beautifully. It is located literally right across the street from the Hotel. So easy to walk to that first night.He helped me select where to watch The Texas/Texas Tech football game. Our brunch was a wonderful French restaurant - Amore'sEveryone loved their room. Wonderful and different themes on each floor with books to coincide with the Dewey decimal System. The amenities were lovely, elegant and we slept like babies. The linens were divine! Our room was on the 10th floor and the noise was minimal. It's NYC!!! We felt very safe and pampered. The front desk doted on all of us and we received bottles of champagne etc...To sum up.... A trip of bountiful memories made possible by The Library Hotel A Ton of Thank You's from Jan King Halbern	
Jan 26 2009	Still my top pick in NYC	Our second stay at this fabulous little hotel was as outstanding as the first. Our room was comfortable, impeccably clean, and aesthetically pleasing. What make the Library so special, however, is the friendly and personable staff. They go out of their way to help their guests, answering questions, finding just the right restaurant, giving clear directions about how to get places, and showing a genuine interest in all who come and go throughout the day. I have stayed at many hotels in NYC -- some fancier, some comparable in size and style -- but none matches the warmth and charming character of the Library Hotel. We will be back! Cheryl, Denver, CO	
Jan 26 2009 	Good but not for a honeymoon or romantic break	We stayed in the Library hotel for a week in January as part of our honeymoon. The location is fantastic and within walking distance of all the main attractions of the city. Rooms are small but that's not really a shock in NYC! Roof top bar is great and the staff there were very friendly and chatty. Also the restaurant downstairs did lovely food-very tasty! Also as many other reviewers have said the breakfast and cheese &amp; wine reception on the 2nd floor are excellent perks-lovely ways to start and end the day.However two things disappointed us: firstly we were on our honeymoon and I suppose expected some sort of reference or congratulations from staff upon checking in-there was no reference whatsoever. My husband had ordered flowers (at extra cost) for our room which with there as was a bottle of sparkling wine that he had ordered (well if I'm being picky he had ordered champagne but the bottle was of sparling wine but anyway...). On checking out these costs were added to our bill and I asked (on the off-chance) if one should not be given free of charge as we were our honeymoon. As a result the cost of the sparling wine was taken off which was a nice gesture but the fact that I actually had to ask for it took a way from it a bit I felt.Also we had a booking for a helicopter flight around the city and went down to ask at the front desk if they could help call and confirm the flights for us and the numbers we were dialling ourselves didn't seem to be working. However the guy at the front desk looked shocked when we asked and then gruffly and begrudgingly did it. I was sorry we had bothered to ask himMaybe not huge problems but it just took some of the gloss off our stay...its a really lovely hotel and still great for a couple or friends wanting to see the city but not for a very romantic break and definitely not for a honeymoon.	
Jan 23 2009 	Best location in town	We only spent 5 nights at this wonderful small hotel but it felt like we were leaving old friends when we had to go. Well equipped, comfortabe room, superb location and some of the best concierge/reception service we have ever received. Each room is themed on a section from a library and we found ourselves in the Ancient History room complete with books on Ancient Rome, Greece etc. They also have the delightful 'Reading Room' with floor to ceiling shelves of books of all kinds where breakfast, all day tea and coffee and evening cheese and wine is available..Although quite expensive we would definitely stay here again.	
Jan 23 2009 	Great Stay Again!	This was our third stay at the Library Hotel, and it was as good as ever, despite the falling pound. We took the end room, the Suite, this time, and the room was delightful, and the view down Madison spectacular. Also, the bed is huge. The staff were as helpful as usual, and the 2nd floor Lounge is such a good idea. If you wanred to find something to complain about, the wireless internet was slow, but it was free. The traffic is a bit noisy, if you have 6 windows, but this is New York. Also, the venetian blinds are not that efficient which could annoy in the summer. The aircon needs updating, it is rather noisy. However, still the best hotel we have stayed in in New York. Situation is excellent. We will be back.	
Jan 22 2009 	Very very good...	To set the scene....!!! I am a picky traveller.... stayed at The Library for 4 nights in Jan 09 having done extensive research on Trip Advisor....Liked the hotel very much. Comfortable room, well appointed bathroom, quality bedlinen and comfortable bed. Helpful reception staff. Situation pleasant just off Madison Avenue and location very good as you could walk north to Central Park in 25 mins, or (south west?) a few blocks to the Empire State - you can see the top of the ESB from The Library. Hotel is right near the NY Public LIbrary and Bryant Sq, a block from Grand Central. 10 mins brisk walk from Times Sq. We booked a petite double, but upgraded to a suite on arrival. All petite doubles are apparently opposite the elevator on each floor, so if you are a light sleeper, you may want to take that into account. That said, the rooms appear well soundproofed, just some street noise which you would expect in NYC. The higher the floor, the less the street noise should affect you.We liked the breakfast and the cheese and wine buffets. All nicely presented and very fresh. There was also an Italian coffee machine or flasks of filtered coffee, pastries and cookies available 24/7 in the 2nd floor reading room,. A couple of times when we woke at 5am (jet lagged), we fetched a mug of coffee or tea to bring to our room; it was a very welcome facility.Check out is by1pm. Sadly a late check out was not available (we had an evening flight), but we were encouraged to store luggage and make use of the cheese and wine buffet that evening even though technically we had checked out. Doorman hailed us a yellow cab to take us back to JFK, all very easy.Happy to answer any questions if anyone wants to mail me.We would most certainly return to stay at The Library again and would highly recommend it to others. If you take the complimentary breakfast and daily cheese and wine reception into account, we think it offers good value for money.	
Jan 7 2009 	Can't fault it!	Stayed for a couple nights between Christmas and New Year in one of the Library's std room.Can't fault this hotel - Ok, it's not a huge hotel, but has an excellent boutique feel about the place and very comfortable. Our room was not big, but so well thought out that it is not really noticible. Bathroom in particular is really well thought through. Even though we were on third floor we didn't really hear any street noise (other than some unusually noisy delivery to a building being renovated opposite one morning). Room was clean, well lit, warm enough etc etc]Complimentary brekfast was good - cerials, fresh fruit salad, pastries, fresh juice + coffee - not a massive choice, but exactly what I'd eat normally. Cocktail bar on top floor is an excellent place to end an evening as well - cocktails are good as well.All the staff are very friendly and can't help you enough.Not sure if the restaurant on the ground floor was part of the hotel or not (I guess so as you could order room service from there). Not a great number of restaurants nearby (that we found), and we ate in the restaurant one evening and the food was very nice although the wine is expensive (and they didn't have any of the cheaper bottles left - i just hate that, always so convenient - for them). Location was excellent 10 / 15 mins walk from Empire State, Times Square or Macy's and about 20 - 30 mins walk to central Park or Bloomingdales. One block from Grand Central and the Chrysler building - it really couldn't be a better spot.Would i go back? - absolutely no question I would, great value for money!!!	
Jan 1 2009 	snooty but savvy	Our 5 night stay at the Library hotel was quite nice. I've never been to New York before, and was excited to stay in a manhattan hotel that was right in the thick of things. The hotel is located close to the New York Public Library and Grand Central Terminal, as well as a fair walk (20min) from Central Park. The rooms were small, but nicely furnished, I realize that space is limited in manhattan. The hotel offered a complimentary wine and cheese every night which was delightful! Breakfast in the morning was also very nice, they offered many cereals, muffins, coffees, teas, fresh fruit, oatmeal and juices. There is also a rooftop bar/lounge which is very pretty. The staff was polite for the most part. Upon checking out we realized we had been charged for using the phone in the room. The staff that we initially dealt with in trying to correct this was extremely rude and told us &quot;it was ridiculous for you to assume using the phone was free&quot; and that &quot;at this hotel, we don't NEED you to stay here, we get enough business as it is.&quot; Once that statement was said, an assistant manager came over to apologize and helped us with the bill. She told us that we were right in that it doesn't actually say on the phone in the rooms that there is a charge for using them and she quickly removed the charges from our bill. Other than the rudeness of the one desk staff I would say our experience at the Library hotel was excellent. I'm sure there are other hotels in New York that are worth checking out where they would be extremely glad to have you stay as a guest. I will never forget that desk staff telling me &quot;we don't NEED you to stay here...&quot;. And that is very sad!	
Dec 29 2008 	Enjoyed our stay	We spent one night here in a petite full room the day after Christmas. The room was small, but well-organized and did not feel too small for us. We paid about $300 including taxes. The staff were friendly, the room was very nice, and the reading room was lovely. There is a daily complimentary wine and cheese reception in the early evening, which we were invited to visit both on the day we checked in and again even after we had checked out. (The hotel had held onto our bags while we were out and when we returned to pick them up at around 6:00 p.m., the concierge suggested we have a glass of wine in the reading room before catching our train home.) The location is pretty convenient, as it is quite close to Grand Central.	
Dec 22 2008 	Great Holiday Deal for a Lovely Hotel	After making reservation online directly with the hotel, they phoned to confirm and let me know about concierge services. Never had a hotel do that before! I had them arrange town car service as my arrival and departure flights were both in the wee hours of the AM. There was a bit of lack of clarity as to limo pricing (roundtrip vs. one-way), but that is the only thing I can fault the hotel on.I was given room 703 (Performing Arts). Very small single room. Comfy bed with nice linens. Chocolates and hand-written weather forecast for the next day (nice touch) on night stand. Bathroom was lovely; plenty of hot water; lowish water pressure at times. Two complementary bottles of water each day. Stocked mini-bar (no red wine, only white). Robe and slippers. DVD player; you can borrow any number of DVDs from the front desk.Complementary evening wine and cheese was very nice. A white, red and sparkly (Proseco) option. Veggie tray, cookies, and crackers. All self-service. They seemed to keep it well-stocked.Included breakfast offered boiled eggs, various breads and smears, muffins, pastries, tea, coffee, hot chocolate, fruit, yogurt, etc. Front desk staff was always friendly and courteous.Excellent location near many sites and Grand Central. The way they do things reminded me a bit of Casablanca (also in NYC). $225/night on a holiday weekend deal. I've paid much more in New York for a lessor hotel with lessor amenities. I'd stay again.	
Dec 22 2008 	Great time	We just returned from a weekend in NYC and had a great stay at the library Hotel. The staff is very friendly, the hotel is in a great location to everything. They serve a decent breakfast in &quot;the reading room&quot;.This hotel should be recommended to everyone, just having a staff that makes you feel welcome in New York gives this hotel a 10 in our book.	
Dec 21 2008 	Library Perfection for our long weekend from uk	We booked Library Hotel in june after seeing reviews on trip advisor and others, for our long weekend (thurs, fri and sat nights) in december from Scotland.We were made to feel at home as soon as we entered the hotel, as the guys on reception welcomed us like long lost friends.The gem of this hotel is the second floor library lounge, casual wine and cheese every evening and with continental plus breakfast served in the same room in the morning, it is a perfect place to either read alone or meet fellow guests.My jet lag wakening on first two nights at 3am did not effect my stay as i could pad down to the lounge in my pj's, make a coffee, tea or hot chocolate and have a pastry and read until i felt like going back to bed again. (it really did feel like i was in my own house, standing at the window with hot chocolate in hand watching madison avenue continue to buzz below with taxis and people in the early hours of the morning.) great base for just wandering mid-town. easy walks to shopping,theatres, library and bryant park christmas market during our stay, just round the corner to grand central and the metro lines to both up and downtown east side.we booked and were given architecture room on seventh floor, cosy, quiet and beautifully appointed room with nice shower room (bath typically american and not big enough for a long soak after a days walking)Madison and Vine restaurant on ground floor accessible from lift lobby of hotel, nice atmostphere and reasonably good simple food.we will be back.	
Dec 21 2008 	amazing little gem in NYC	fantastic location in the middle of manhatten next to grand central station. beautiful hotel rooms individually styled with different book themes. lovely breakfast in a nice reading room to get you ready to explore what NY has to offer. The staff are friendly and always happy to help with additinal things to improve your stay e.g sorting out dinner reservations. There is a roof top bar which is open to the public and is open until 11pm, however this isn't noisy and when in your room you wouldn't know it was there.	
Dec 17 2008 	Enjoyable Stay	We spent three weekend nights and greatly enjoyed the small European feel of the Library Hotel. The service is very attentive and personal, and the second floor Library gathering room is comfortable and welcoming. The breakfast was more than continental, less than British full board, and just right for my husband and me, as we intended to have lunches and dinners at special places during our visit. We had one of the suites in the front, with great views towards the Library and up Madison; the suite was airy, nicely appointed, and the bathroom was sparkling and modern. The bed was comfortable and the sheets were very high quality. The hotel is very conveniently located, a block from the Library and about a block from Grand Central Station and easy walking distance to the theatre district. I definitely recommend the hotel.	
Dec 17 2008 	Perfect little Gem	We have just returned from a long weekend at the Library Hotel. This little gem of a hotel is just perfect, with friendly staff who cannot do enough for you.It has excellent rooms (big for New York) which are tastefully decorated and extreamly clean.The complimentary breakfast, cheese &amp; wine, coffees, cakes etc, were really appreciated (and saved a fortune on buying from coffee shops)This hotel delivers on everything it promises and more. We requested a room on the highest floor possible and they ensured this was done, upon trying to find a local Italian restaurant they booked a table for us immediately.I would highly recommend this hotel. It is quiet and tranquil in the hustle of the city. Perfectly located for all shopping and site seeing. We went without our children for a quiet break alone, and whilst staying at the hotel we did not see any children, this was great for us and certainly made a difference. If any children were staying we did not see or hear them. This is certainly a hotel which is perfect for couples only.We will definately go back.	
Dec 12 2008 	Good choice if considering staying in NYC	We did a lot of research prior to booking this hotel and chose it mainly based on the reviews on Tripadvisor. The hotel is a good choice if you must stay in Manhattan while visiting NY. The rooms are comfortable, and the location is good. The staff are great (except for one of the Librarians who was a little snooty) and it was lovely to chat with fellow guests over a glass of wine in the evenings.However, do beware when using the telephone; we bought phone cards to use for making calls (including local calls and 1800 numbers) and upon checkout, were very surprised to find that we were charged for each phone number dialled and additional minutes. We would have expected more of a hotel of this callibre.	
Dec 9 2008 	The best place we have stayed In New York	From the time we arrived to when we left the staff were friendly and couldnt have been more helpful. Igor on the front desk is friendly and went out of his way to ensure we had everything we needed.The hotel is perfectly located so that it is away from the hustle and bustle yet close enough to easily access all the sights of Manhattan.We upgraded the room on arrival (because I need a big bed) to a Queen room the Fairytale room and it was great. Very comfortable and it had all the facilities we needed.The free cheese and wine every day between 5pm and 8pm is a brilliant touch which we sadly only managed to avail of once during the trip.Not the cheapest hotel we found on the net but worth every penny.	
Dec 8 2008 	Fantastic hotel location	My husband surprised me (a book lover) with a trip to NYC and a three night stay at this hotel. I could not have enjoyed the experience more! The staff was warm and welcoming, from the moment we walked in the door - at 11:30pm! Our room was cozy and comfortable and we both loved the Dewey Decimal numbering system.The breakfast included is the perfect amount and I had no less than three decaf cappuccinos a day from their fabulous little machine (which was accessible 24/7). After a day of touring, we enjoyed coming back to the hotel and lounging in the 2nd floor sitting room with a snack and also watched a DVD in the comfort of our room late one evening (they have all the DVD's on AFI's top 100 movies list which you can borrow from the front desk). The slippers and robe in our bedroom were added bonuses, as was the evening wine and cheese reception.The other guests were friendly and definitely a more &quot;upper class&quot; group than you would find in your average chain hotel (but didn't find a single one who was too stuffy), which really added to the experience. We were treated equally to the other guests by guests and staff, despite the fact that we were easily 10-15 years younger than the other guests, which was really nice (and rare).The location can't be beat and after my experience, I look forward to returning to NYC and staying here again!	
Dec 4 2008 	A quiet haven in New York	What a charming and serene experience staying at the LibraryHotel. The staff were genuine and quietly efficient. It was justlike coming home every afternoon to a warm and welcominglounge offering afternoon tea! A superb location - stylish and very comfortable in every way! A real boutique gem!	
Dec 4 2008 	The hotel made my holiday brilliant!	Had to come and say what a superb hotel. Room was lovely (stayed in the Geography room) and the staff couldn't have been more friendly or helpful, thanks for all your help with restaurant bookings.The cheese and wine evening is a great idea too!10 out of 10, can't wait to come back.	
Dec 3 2008	Don't Miss It	What a wonderful place! Was just like coming 'home' each evening. Take off your shoes, put on your slippers and walk through to lounge for a cup of tea! Go back to your room, change for the evening and then enjoy a glass of wine and some cheese and nibbles before venturing out in cold again. I could not fault this place at all. It's location was perfect - quietly situated but near enough all of the sites, shops and theatres and the subway.This was an 18th Birthday treat for my daughter and the staff could not have been more kind. Each and every one of them went out of there way to wish her happy Birthday, from the moment we stepped out of the car from the airport and the champagne and card were a lovely surprise. I have been lucky to stay in some very nice hotels, but I do not think I have ever encountered such a great staff.We also dined in the Madison and Vine bistro on our first evening, it was very busy being the eve before Thanksgiving, but the food was nice.	
Dec 3 2008 	Happy Holidays!	After a great deal of trawling through lists and lists of hotels we decided to book The Library to celebrate my wifes 50th birthday and we were not disappointed. Yes it is quite expensive - we were there from Thanksgiving to 1st December so all hotels are a bit more expensive anyway but actually you save quite a bit on time and money by considering the following:-1. The hotel is centrally placed in midtown so if you're reasonably fit you can walk to most places(and therefore see and experience more of he city) and save money/time in the process.2. The complimentary breakfast is excellent- great food to start the day.Most other hotels either don't provide this or charge for the privilege.3. As the hotel supplies coffee/tea pastries etc., all day long we went out shopping say on 5th avenue and returned to the hotel a few hours later to recharge ourselves- again saves on costs4. The wine /cheese in the evening was great- we'd often chat wth fellow guests and save another bundle of cash on pre dinner drinks/hassle of finding a nice bar somewhere.We had a Junior King suite which was perfect for my wife and i and our 17 year old son was more than happy with a large sofa bed in the same room. The room was kept in pristine condition- immaculately clean,flat screen tv, luxurious bath/shower and complimentary bottles of water .A couple of tips if you go to New York and you want a special message displaying to a loved one/birthday treat is to phone Hersheys Times Square(or call in when you're there) and for $5 for 15 minutes they will display a message on the moving screen facing Times Square for all the world to see- My wife couldn't believe it when she saw the message about her birthday- we were lucky since as Hersheys was actually closed on Thanksgiving for $10 our message was shown from midnight the day before and all day Thursday.Another tip is try and book a helicopter flight- we used Helinyc.com who were excellent. Check the weather forecast before you go and enjoy some fantastic sights on a trip to remember. We booked the basic &quot;New Yorker&quot; trip costing about $150 each person for 15 minutes and again we were lucky as we had the helicopter to ourselves.The south seaport - pier 57 i think , near Brooklyn bridge is also good for shopping/city views and reasonable restaurantsAs far as restaurants go we had a couple of OK meals at recommended places and they were quite expensive- Benjamins Steakhouse on 41st /Madison ,Trattoria Trecolori on 47th/Broadway and Padre Figlio near UN building on 44th/2nd/3rd ave. The best meal but again a bit expensive was at Salute- Madison and 39th- i don't mind paying a bit more for quality and this meal was superb.One word of warning going back to airport if you ask your hotel to book taxi- make sure you know how much the taxi is going to charge you ...this isn't a problem going to Manhattan from the airport since from JFK its around a fixed $60 incl tip/tolls but going back they can try and charge you what they like. Our hotel told us our people carrier cost would be $88...i was OK with this but when we arrived at JFK the driver tried to charge us $150....after a little chat the driver accepted $88. One final point when arriving at JFK...DO NOT GET INTO ONE OF THE UNOFFICIAL CABS WHO MIGHT TRY TO LURE YOU WITH A CHEAPER DEAL ...when we were there we heard of cases of muggings/tourists being taken to a different destination and made to give money from an ATM ...queue up and after a few minutes the attendant will get a yellow cab for you to take you SAFELY to your destination.All in all an unforgettable trip and we will return to this fantastic hotel and city.Happy Holidays!	
Dec 2 2008 	Loved it!!	Stayed at the Library Hotel for 3 nights. I can't fault it in anyway. Everything was perfect. From the moment we checked in, the staff couldnt have been any more friendly or helpful. They were great. The location is great, pretty much in the thick of things and right beside the beautiful Bryant Park. The rooms were small, I was sharing with a girl friend and luckily we'd been away together before so we didn't mind it snug. It would be better for a couple in the room that we were in. However that in itself isn't enough to complain about. Room had iron, ironing board, hairdryer, slippers and the most amazing bath robes ever!! The other great thing was the plug sockets took European plugs - super handy as we only had one adapter between us. Breakfast was great, yummy bagels and fresh fruit. Yoghurt, cereal etc - proper continental. The &quot;Reading Room&quot; was open all day for tea's, coffees and cookies. And the cheese and wine time in the evening is wonderful.... a nice treat when you come in from the cold and before you head out on the town.I can't reccomend this hotel highly enough! I will certainly be staying there next time I go to NYC.	
Nov 29 2008 	Great find!	Almost everything was perfect! The service and the cleanliness were most impressive. It was so nice after being in subways and around nyc all day to know I was going back to a clean room and I am a VERY tough customer when it comes to clean rooms! The rooms are small but there's too much to see and do in New York to stay in your room much anyway! The ONLY complaint I have is that our bed was not comfortable at all. However, due to the cleanliness, the service, the amenities, and the location we would definitely stay there again and recommend it to others. I just can't imagine a better location (1 block from Grand Central Terminal) or a friendlier and better trained staff!	
Nov 25 2008 	Perfect but petite	Lovely decor, fabulous location, wine and cheese in the afternoons is great, but rooms are small	
Nov 22 2008 	Perpetual Guest	We first found this hotel four years ago. Although the rooms are small, the privacy, ambience and staff more than make up for the lack of space. The bar, restaurant and reading room are unique and welcomed in an ever busy non-personal transit world of the traveller. Recommend to those who do not like the high end hotel chains but still want to benefit from the luxury.	
Nov 19 2008	Pleasant stay	We had a great stay here recently and it is so well situated just near Grand Central and within walking distance of so many of the sights. The staff were excellent, especially the poor bell boys who handled our luggage (a lot). I did have an issue with one staff member (see below) but on the whole had a good stay.I was with a friend for 2 nights and then alone for 2 so had 2 different rooms. The first was the junior suite which was very roomy and well appointed. We did use the sofa bed which took up quite a bit of room but we were only in the room to sleep. It was noisy as it fronted Madison ave but ear plugs worked a treat - I even slept through a major accident right outside apparently.The second room was a full size petite and it was small but still enough room for me get around. It fronted 41st Street and was again noisy but the earplugs dampened the noise.The complimentary wine and cheese at night was lovely and a really nice atmosphere to just relax and chat in.Breakfast was good - lovely staff where nothing was too much trouble - and a good selection of things. Little touches like the next day's weather forecast, complimentary water and chocolates on the pillow at turn down were lovely.The hotel restaurant is excellent too and you can have a full meal or just a snack at the bar. Nice for after the theatre.I had only one real issue and that was with the dark haired girl at reception. I do feel she should seek an alternative career path as she has serious attitude bordering on just plain rudeness.When I checked in a gave a credit card to guarantee the account. My friend checked out after 2 nights and I stayed a further 2 nights. When I went to check out I gave another credit card to put the charges on but was told that the first credit card had been charged when my friend checked out. I asked why they did this and was told it was it was because I changed rooms!!!! I hadn't left the hotel just changed rooms. She was exceedingly surly and quite rude. I also have checked my card, the one I gave to guarantee payment, and have found that the original charge is still being held. I have been back for a week now and I would expect this to have been released.On the whole a good hotel and I would stay there again.	
Nov 17 2008 	An almost perfect stay	We stayed at the Library hotel in the last week of October 2008 as part of our honeymoon around the US. The positives - the hotel is in a fantastic location right near the public library and within easy walking distance to Times Square and many other NY landmarks. The rooms are relatively small, but if you are spending all your time in your room in NYC then you are there for the wrong reason. The continental breakfast provided has excellent variety and the wine and cheese receptions in the evening were a pleasure to comeback to. Igor (Chief Concierge) was funny and extremely helpful - even providing exact details to a small concert hall out in New Jersey with maps and directions. The negatives - Firstly, as mentioned by other reviewers, the hotel will not take payment at the time of booking. Given we booked our accommodation when the Aus dollar was at 98c to the US dollar it was disappointing that payment would only be taken at checkout when the dollar had dropped to 59c. This meant our stay cost and extra 1500AUD than it would have when we booked. Secondly, we had huge issues after we had checked out with our credit card. We were advised when we checked in that the cost of the accommodation plus $100US per day for incidentals would be placed on hold. This was fine. Unfortunately when we departed (and our account had been finalised) the amount on hold was not released resulting in the hotel ‘double dipping’ so to speak. When we contacted the hotel to ask them to release our funds (given we had paid our account in full) we received a very unfriendly response from a front desker named Lennard who informed us that it was not the hotel and that banks are quick to blame hotels for their own mistakes. After a few (VERY EXPENSIVE) phone calls to my own bank in Australia I was able to confirm that it was indeed the Library that still had the funds on hold (a total of 2800USD). After another unpleasant conversation with Lennard, we were forced to call our bank in Aus back and ask for them to call the Library hotel. Luckily our bank had more luck when they spoke with Lennard and were able to resolve the situation immediately. But it really did spoil what was a fantastic stay. OVERALL - Would we stay there again? Absolutely - the rooms are clean, well serviced, the food was great and the location is excellent. Would we do anything differently? Yes, we wouldnt provide a credit card as security to avoid the unfortunate situation we found ourselves in.	
Nov 16 2008 	Wonderful Hotel	We stayed at the Library for seven nights in late October. It is an amazing hotel that well deserves its high rating in Trip Advisor.As others have observed, the location is very central and provides great access to restaurants, Times Square and other sights. Staying at the Library is different from staying at a regular hotel. It felt more like a like homely club. This is because of the friendliness of the staff and the extras you rarely get from a hotel:&gt; the complimentary breakfast and wine tasting/ nuts/ cheese in the evening were fantastic;&gt; tea and coffee can be made at any time of the day in the dining area, so the American convention of not providing an in room electric kettle was not a problem; &gt; small touches, such as the handwritten weather forecasts with the evening bed turn down, were really appreciated and helpful.Our room was the largest available (Junior Suite) and quite roomy enough. The room and bathroom were beautifully appointed. It did have one disadvantage - it faced Madison Avenue, so was probably noisier than other rooms (which fronted the quieter 41st Street). We quickly worked out that, by leaving the air conditioning on overnight, the traffic noise was pretty much blocked out.Our only gripe was that we were unable to pay for the accommodation in advance. As the Australian dollar plummeted from about 98 US cents when we booked the room to 65 cents when we stayed, this was a problem! But leaving this aside, the Library Hotel is strongly recommended as a wonderful place to escape in New York.	
Nov 13 2008 	Fantastic Stay	Really enjoyed our stay at the Library. Very friendly staff, very well located and high quality facilities. Would definitely stay there again	
Nov 11 2008 	Excellent Stay Start to Finish	We stayed at The Library for four nights in October 2008 to celebrate our 30th wedding anniversary and we couldn't have picked a better place in the world! This was our first visit to NYC and I guarantee you that it won't be our last. Everything was just perfect from the morning we walked into the lobby right up to and including our check out. The staff are truly exceptional. Breakfast, all day coffee and goodies were great and the hotel location was very central for a couple of newbies exploring the Big Apple. Mere words cannot describe this gem you have to experience it for yourself. We'll be back!	
Nov 10 2008 	Treat yourself	You should Indulge yourself periodically and the Library hotel is a great place to do it. From the fun premise (rooms furnished according to the Dewey Decimal system) to the great location, and helpful &quot;librarians,&quot; it's a delight. Sparkling clean rooms, all day snacks-even champagne, charming roof deck and a late check out time, what more could you want?	
Nov 10 2008 	The Perfect Hotel experience	My husband and I just returned from a 2 night stay at the Library . It is definitely one of our top 3 world-wide. The rooms were equipped with slippers, robes and all the amenities of a very gracious best friend's guest room. Books are at hand everywhere - well selected and not dusty! The guest lounge on the 2nd floor has wonderful cappacino and espresso available all day; a leisurely and delicious array of breakfast treats till mid-morning and truly nice wine and cheese in the early evening; all included. The location was great - very accessible for walkers to 5th Avenue, Rockefeller Center and other sights.The service was perfection; we never walked out the door on a threatening day or night without the offer of an umbrella and the cleaner shut off the vacum while we waited for the elevator. There is a restaurant adjacent to the hotel as well as a roof garden lounge which we did not have time to try. What did impress us was the quiet of the hotel and of our room. What an oasis! For the solo traveler the Library also appeared to provide great security.	
Nov 7 2008 	lovely hotel but have realistic expectations	We loved this hotel! But I agree with some of the other reviews - the rooms are small (but the size of ours was fine for us), and it can be a bit overrated by some people I felt. Nonetheless we'd definitely go back. Our room was clean, secure, quiet and comfortable. The book theme was lovely (although it wasn't of any real use to us as we were put in the fantasy/fairytale room and we have no interest in fairytales!The location was great, and the breakfasts were perfect. There really isn't anything at all to complain about I don't think, but at the same time we thought that it was a pretty normal hotel with some really nice touches. The free wine and cheese hour is a fab idea!	
Nov 7 2008 	Great hotel in the heart of NYC	Stayed here for three nights following a cruise and we were really pleased with the level of service, the quality of the accommodation and the terrific location of the hotel.We arrived at 10am on the day before the NY marathon and had expected to store our bags and then head out for a while before our room was ready (we had advised the hotel of our early arrival by email); however, the hotel already had our room available, which was terrific and gave us a chance to unpack and freshen up before heading out for the rest of the day.The staff are all very professional and accommodating and couldn't do enough for us during our stay. The rooms are fairly small, but there was room for the two of us to move around as well as accommodate three large suitcases and we were just in a standard room. Room and bathroom spotless and welcomed the slippers and bathrobe for use.The complimentary refreshments, continental breakfast and cheese and wine are an added bonus as was the free internet access, which allowed us to complete check-in for our flight home before we even left the hotel, which was great.The attached restaurant, Madison and Vine, looked lovely but didn't seem to have a great choice for vegetarians, but as another reviewer said, with the dining concourse at Grand Central Station literally just around the corner, this was no big deal.Fantastic location within reasonable walking distance of all major attractions and would definitely recommend the hotel, having stayed elsewhere previously.We're sure to be back!	
Nov 2 2008 	If size is an issue do NOT stay at 'The Library'...	We had booked the Library Hotel for 5 nights in October to celebrate a 30th birthday, having read so much about how great the overall experience of staying in this boutique hotel was. We booked it at the sum of $575 plus tax a night for a Deluxe Queen. Upon arrival, we were shown up to the room (Architecture, by the way) and were completely floored by the size of it. It was EXTREMELY small. I had heard that most hotel rooms in Manhattan are smallish and not to expect much sizewise, but quite honestly, this shocked us for that price. I was SOO disappointed as we had booked this three months previous to our arrival and had really looked forward to staying here! The rooms were decorated adequately, various architecture books on a side table and a nice bathroom, and the hotel had kindly provided a bottle of champagne on arrival but under no circumstance would I pay that money for this type of room anywhere else on earth! The breakfast provided is a very generous continental spread, served in a 'library' atmosphere, which was really good and the bar on the rooftop is lovely, but after the first night, we started our search for an alternative hotel. I failed to believe that for that price/size, you couldn't do better in Manhattan. We found one at twice the size and almost half the price in Bryant Park, and were delighted with it!The 'Library' manager was extremely helpful and accommodating upon our checking out. I don't imagine they have guests doing this very often, but quite honestly, for 5 nights in this city, if you're going to go all out and spend that sort of money on a room, you want to get some bang for your buck!	
Oct 30 2008 	Fantastic Hotel	We stayed here for 5 days in October for our honeymoon and well, we couldnt be happier.The location of the hotel is great - easy walks to everywhere and then the Subway is on your doorstep if the feet give up.The hotel is very nice, yes the rooms are on the small size but its a boutique hotel and to be honest, how much time do you spend in the room anyway?.The staff deserve a special mention, especially those on the front desk: Attentive, Helpful and Friendly are 3 of the superlatives i can mention - from finding us a great Mexican meal on our final night to actually being interested in our days and nights out - they bumped the experience up into the 5 star territory. They make you feel like you are staying there not just another number in room 1000001!!.Also worth a mention is the breakfast &amp; cheese &amp; wine evenings - all in the price and very valuable for it. Fantastic idea and no skimping either - great selection in the breakfast items and the cheese was top drawer too.Overall a top rank hotel with out of this world staff.Quite simply - Brilliant	
Oct 30 2008 	Secret gem in the heart of NYC	We spent five nights at Library Hotel in October 2008 and here are the comments on this stay:- Great location one block away from the Grand Central Station, at Madison and 42ond - Very ‘famous’ neighbourhood with the Chrysler building around the next block corner, the Grand Central two minutes away and the National Library down the street- Some nice restaurants in walking distance (Benjamin Steakhouse – haven’t had meat in a long time? Go get cured!), Todai (All-You-Can-Eat Japanese Seafood Buffet Restaurant at 6, East 32ond), the Grand Central Dining Concourse Hotel itself:- Very nice, quite small, with early twentieth-century flair with nice lobby and extremely friendly, reliable and helpful reception staff (don’t think I ever encountered a team this well working together and professional before! Every one of them.) For those who can't live without reading: the MUST on the East Coast.- Bistro-like restaurant on the ground floor (unfortunately didn’t get the time to ‘dine-in’) and very nice open air terrace bar on the 14th floor (attention: this is also open to non-residents thus getting crowded ‘after hours’ and with no reserved space for hotel guests ... :-(.)Rooms:- Rather small (try not to pick the cheapest category), but stylish, with loads of theme books on the shelves)- very nice270°- view on Madison Avenue and 42ond till up to Central Park from corner rooms - Loved the windows you can open- Tiny but well equipped bathrooms with mat glass wall inlay towards the room, allowing some daylight to shine inSpecial:- The complimentary wine and cheese bar in the early evening (great if heading for a concert with dining afterwards!!)- Nice complimentary breakfast, though slightly cramped, with helpful staff and a ‘lean’ choice ... but then, it’s (nearly) free ...We were very pleased with our stay there and can recommend the hotel (though quite pricey... – it’s central mid NYC!). Staying there gives one the notion of bustling New York with landmarks around every corner.	
Oct 30 2008 	perfect!	We stayed at the Library Hotel for our honeymoon and cannot praise the hotel and its staff enough. The service and facilities were excellent. Staff were at all times helpful and gave great recommendations. We had booked a petite double room which was indeed small - but perfectly formed. The complimentary breakfast &amp; wine and cheese each evening for guests were a big bonus. We will definately stay in the Library again. We would highly recommend it.	
Oct 28 2008 	Fantastic Boutique Hotel in central location with lots of extras - great!	We stayed at the Library Hotel for 3 nights on a trip from the UK to celebrate my husband's birthday. A fantastic boutique hotel with superb attentive staff and many extras like the cheese &amp; wine reception every evening, bed turn-down service/bathrobes/slippers/chocs, breakfast and complimentary refreshments/pastries all day. These made our stay all the more special as we usually stay in the large hotels (Marriotts etc) and found this beats those hands down for that personal touch. The rooms are small but well appointed and after all, you are in NYC - how much time do you spend in it?! Very centrally located, infact we walked to almost everything and only needed a taxi twice. Would highly recommend the hotel's restaurant Madison &amp; Vine, The Roc at night, Empire State in the day, Circle Line 1hr boat trip around Liberty, The Blue Fin restaurant on Broadway, Mama Mia on Broadway and Grand Central Station Oyster Bar, WOW, we did so much, too much to mention here! You will love it.	
Oct 27 2008 	Hidden Little Gem In NYC	My boyfriend surprised me for my 30th b-day by taking me to NYC. He had used trip advisor to find a hotel and also some tour guide books to settle on this hidden little gem. The hotel was close to grand central station which made it easy to use the subway system and also close to lots of other areas of Manhattan (i.e. Times Square, Empire State Building, Shopping etc.) The room was contemporary decor and elegant. The service was beyond outstanding! Super pleasant staff that were constantly treating us like we were in a 5 star hotel on 5th ave! The evenings offered wine and cheese in a beautiful piano room with a view and the top floor had a beautiful rooftop bar with outdoor patio! The breakfast was listed as continental, but was way better than what I consider to be continental! They even had a latte maker/machine! Check out was late and they had a luggage store for late departing guests which made it nice for us. They picked our bags up from our room and stored them without a second thought! This decor was charming and the service beyond 5 star! My boyfriend has been to NYC a couple times always staying at bigger hotels and was completely impressed with his selection of the Library Hotel and vowed never to stay anywhere else again! Its a total hidden gem in NYC! enjoy....	
Oct 26 2008 	Location Presentation and service Fantastic!	This is an amazing boutique hotel perfectly located in the heart of New York. The staff are excellent, helpful with sightseeing ideas for our brief stay (2 nights) and restaurant suggestions (we ate in the attached restaurant first night - the food and service excellent!.The room was well appointed, we were on the corner so traffic noise was constant but we were so tired at night it didnt keep us awake! The theming of the Hotel was very well done.We would highly recommend this Hotel.	
Oct 26 2008	Our visit to The Library	We stayed here in July 2008 having toured the west coast of America. We found it to be the icing on the cake what a way to finish our amazing trip. The hotel was everything we could of wished for. The room was well appointed with all that you needed . The only adverse comment was that the wardrobe was too small, but this did not spoil our stay. Complimentary toiletries &amp; dressing gowns were available and the little touch of a chocolate and a note to inform you of the weather for the next day was a very nice touch making our stay feel very personal. The staff couldn't do enough for us.The hotel is in a very good position . Within walking distance of all the major sites. If you were too lazy to walk anywhere the bicyclce taxis where everywhere if you were prepared to take your life in their hands!! Top of the Rock has incredible view across the city , it was amazing to see The Empire State Building from this angle. MIchael and the other staff couldn't do enough for us. The complimentary breakfasts were very good with cereals, bagels fruit, pastries the choice was incredible not too mention the complimentary evening drinks and nibbles. The hotel has connections with the New York Library and has wide variety of reading materials in both the rooms and the breakfast area making it a very interesting place to stay. We would certainly go back again.	
Oct 23 2008 	Impressed and delighted	From the moment we arrived the welcome was friendly and informative - each and every member of staff went out of their way to be helpful. Our room was comfortable and very clean and the public rooms were all impressive. Breakfasts were good and the cheese and wine buffet excellent. The location is great, very near Grand Central and a 15 minute walk from both Central Park one way and the Empire State the other. I would recommend this hotel and would certainly stay there again.	
Oct 18 2008	I think I built it up too much in anticipation of the stay	I love the concept of this hotel and I wanted to stay at The Library Hotel for years, which we finally did in the summer of 2006. Perhaps it was the room that we selected; however, it was very small and wasn't quite as charming as what I imagined. If we stay at this hotel again, we will select a larger room but we've pretty much decided to keep to lodging in the Upper Westside, where we really enjoyed staying for the second leg of our trip in 2006.A positive aspect of this hotel was the close proximity to the NYPL and to Grand Central Station. It also scores points for creativity!	
Oct 12 2008 	Wonderful small hotel in Mid-town!	We just spend 1 night in NYC for our 15th wedding anniversary, so we were looking for something small and intimate...we found it at the Library Hotel! Front desk staff were very friendly and helpful (thank you for the Prosecco!). Our room was quite small, even with an upgrade, but it was well appointed and clean. Overall theme was unique and hotel &quot;extras&quot; were an added bonus (terrace bar and breakfast room - did not have time to check-out the fitness area). We would definitely recommend a stay here and will use it ourselves again in the future.	
Oct 8 2008 	WIfe's 30th	Couldn't fault it! I booked it on the back of reviews from this website. I also chose it over other 4/5 star hotels because of its size - not some 1000 room hotel where you are just another number - but a place where the staff knew you. Walter, Michael and Billy were extremely helpful and great to talk too. Location was great - right in the centre so you had great access to all the visitor attractions. The breakfast was good - selections of pastries, cereal and freah fruit along with juices and coffees. What also helped was the complimentary cheese and wine between 5-8 which helped you unwind a little after a day taking in the sites before heading out again in the evening.Can't wait for the next trip to NY as will definately be checking into the Library	
Sep 30 2008 	Wonderful place	I have just come back from a long weekend in New York and can safely say that the Library Hotel is one of the best which the city has to offer.The thing which really sets the place apart is the standard of service which was uniformly high. Each employee seems to try to do everything they can to make you feel like you are their only guest and they are your private staff.Added to this are the fabulous location and sheer quirkiness of the library concept and you have a recipe made in heaven.I never need to find another hotel in Manhattan.	
Sep 30 2008 	Wonderful honeymoon	Having decided to marry in NYC we then used TA to choose a suitably romantic, luxurious hotel. Not being fans of big impersonal hotels we found the Library fitted the bill perfectly. Apart from being spotlessly clean and wonderfully quiet it had a lovely bed and bedlinen, a spacious bathroom and lots of storage space. We particularly liked the little touches like the makeup/shaving mirror &amp; clock radio. We really appreciated the all day coffee etc in the beautiful reading room, not to mention the cheese &amp; wine in the evening - wonderful to come back to after a hectic day!What really made it though was the staff who made us feel really special - what more could one ask for? I would especially like to thank the 2 room maids who had come to check the minibar &amp; came to my rescue when I was having trouble getting into my wedding dress!Returning to the room after our wedding was such a memorable experience as the roses my husband had ordered were arranged beautifully, there was bubbly on ice and rose petals scattered on the turned down bed - no wonder I was in tears when we had to leave!Thank you Library Hotel for such a wonderful stay.	
Sep 28 2008 	Relieved	Loved this place. Was so relieved as we had never stayed in NYC before. Used Trip Advisor to make the decision on this place as it was ranked #3 then. Saw some other hotels for the same price per night ($350) and would choose this one over them by a mile. Beautiful room - small, but very modern and clean. Friends stayed in Jersey to save money, but we agreed it was worth paying extra to be so close to the action. Perfect distance from Times Square - not too close or far. VERY helpful staff, great continental breakfast in the beautiful reading room. Would stay there again although would not be able to afford more than $350 if the rates were higher and given that there are no other real amenities, I do not think it should be priced higher than this. Would take this over a big hotel any day though b/c when you are in NYC - you don't see the room anyways!	
Sep 7 2008 	good location but not as expected	We booked a 4 night stay at the Library Hotel over our wedding anniversary but were very disappointed. The hotel itself is fine - the rooms are clean and the staff were helpful and friendly. It didn't however have the wow factor we had expected from the reviews and website. Our room - one of the most expensive in the hotel - was very small and dark, our 'library' with philiosphy books contained about 12 titles. When compare to other hotels of similar price in the area i had expected more. If you're looking for somewhere to crash out while exploring new york i think this would be a good choice - the location is excellent - but if you're looking for something a bit special then i'd stay elsewhere.	
Sep 6 2008 	What a find - thank you Tripadvisor!	This hotel is a gem. Whilst the rooms are European rather than American in size they work very well with all the facilities you need - and the staff could not have been more helpful or attentive. The theme of library and books creates a uniqueness that is carried into the Reading Room and the Poetry Garden on the roof with glimpses of the Empire State Building. Breakfast is varied and adequate, the provision of unlimited coffee and refreshments for the rest of the day a boon - and the complimentary wine and cheese in the early evening provide a tranquil oasis and are a great opportunity to recharge the batteries between day and night! This hotel and its sisters deserve the very high ranking they have on the list of favourite hotels in New York. See also the reviews of Madison and Vine, their bistro - it's a good choice any time - but particularly if you want somewhere easy to fall into after an evening arrival!	
Sep 5 2008 	Excellent smaller hotel	A very nice smaller hotel conveniently located in Manhattan. I have been here on business and with the family: it is great for kids though not by any means &quot;targeted&quot; at kids, because of the penthouse lounge views over the city and the raidable snack supplies! But it is sophisticated and smart (not overrun by my family!) and quiet and clean and well appointed... for in my view about $150 a night less than larger &quot;name&quot; hotels. I've never had any problems and have always been impressed by the service... if you want a snack, a DVD, a book (it IS the Library Hotel) they have it, and are eager to send it up. Really nice. And very quiet rooms. Much better than some other &quot;fashionable&quot; small hotels I have stayed at in NYC, where sometimes style trumps comfort.	
Sep 5 2008 	Everything 	We stayed in the Library Hotel for the first 4 nights of our honeymoon. It was ideal &amp; just what we were looking for to start our 3 week break in the States. Librarians greeted us with a bottle of champagne &amp; a nice welcome note after our long trip from Scotland. We were given a good room 'Paranormal' &amp; the name certainly didn't put us off!! Staff were great &amp; gave us plenty of advice on places to eat etc. Benjamins Steakhouse a great NY experience just across the road. We stayed in a total of six hotels across the States during our honeymoon and this was one was definitely up there as our favourite. It was certainly very unique &amp; relaxing given its surroundings.Rooms were immaculate, DVD collection came in handy &amp; ideally located for tourist spots, theatre, restaurants etc. Free internet use came in handy &amp; complimentary continental breakfast was a bonus.We would only crticise the prices on the rooftop bar. Very relaxing up there but be sure to soak up some of the free wine before heading up!!	
Sep 5 2008 	An oasis of calm in the big apple	The Library hotel is a real oasis of calm in the otherwise frenetic big city. Located close to Grand Central station (including the bus shuttle to JFK) and handy for the subway, the hotel is a great find. Each room is individually designed to match a different literary theme and although the rooms a very small (this is New York after all), the guest lounge and rooftop bars are good places to chill out and relax.The staff were faultless and little touches like the DVD library (including 100 films all set in New York) were a really nice touch.	
Sep 4 2008 	NYC at its best.	The very conscientious and considerate staff at the Library Hotel made my brief stay in the city a great pleasure. I arrived two hours before scheduled check-in time and the staff hurried to arrange a room for me. Following a very brief wait (less than 45 minutes) I was situated in an “upgraded” room – larger than I had reserved -at no additional cost. Even during my brief (one night) stay I made use of the library sitting area, business center, wine and cheese hour and rooftop bar. Can’t imagine anything that could have made my stay more enjoyable. The wonderful staff sets the tone, the beautiful accommodations and quaint setting conveys the mood, and the amenities complete the package. I can’t wait until I can return with my wife for a much longer stay.I must say I was reluctant to write this review because I want this little gem of a hotel to remain my secret. djm	
Sep 3 2008 	More than perfect!	A wonderful special hotel in New York!Everything carefully studied.The staff is very professional and prepared to all requirements.Simply perfect!	
Sep 2 2008 	Wonderful boutique hotel	The Library Hotel's location is perfect--just a short walk to Grand Central Terminal, where I could take the subway or make connections. The hotel is in easy walking distance of many New York attractions. Since I was traveling alone, I wanted a hotel that was in a good, safe location. Because of the hotel's proximity to the subway system, I never took a cab during my stay. I was able to walk or to use the subways to get everywhere I needed to go (including many different areas of Manhattan, the Bronx, and Queens).I stayed in a petite room, and I was booked into 800.003, the poetry room (just as I'd requested). The room was very comfortable and quiet. I enjoyed returning to the room each night to find turn-down service. The hotel staff were friendly and accommodating. The second floor lounge was a wonderful place to sit and read, and the foods offered throughout the day were plentiful. At breakfast, the offerings typically included several different cereals, eggs, fruit, various types of bagels, croissants, pastries, and assorted muffins. Beverages included coffee (plain, espresso, cappucino), tea (numerous types), milk, and juice. Throughout the day (including late night), one could enjoy cookies, pastries, coffee, tea, water, and lemonade. In the evenings, the staff served wine (white, red, and sparkling), assorted cheeses, crackers, breads, and mixed nuts.Madison &amp; Vine--the restaurant on the ground floor--offers room service to guests at the Library Hotel.I have recommended this hotel to several of my friends since I returned from New York. I love the small size of the hotel and the truly luxurious touches. Since I am an English teacher, I regretted not having more time to be in my room to read the books of poetry there!	
Sep 2 2008 	Faboulous visit to the Library!	We completely agree with the comments made by the previous couple that this is indeed an excellent hotel. My daughter and I stayed here for five nights, having previously stayed at The Casablanca Hotel two years ago; that was good but this is even better. The location is excellent, we couldn't fault the rooms, lovely and quiet, fabulous roof terrace and bar and of course we found the breakfasts and evening wine and cheese to be very good as well. However, special mention must go to the staff; Nick, Igor and the team, who were completely professional, courteous without being gushing and nothing seemed to be too much trouble. We had a fabulous time in New York but the staff absolutely made it so much more for us, everything you would expect from a Boutique Hotel. Thank you to them and hope to visit again very shortly. Kate and Holly Stafford, Wiltshire, UK	
Sep 1 2008 	Enjoyed The Library Hotel	This is the second visit. Great access to Grand Central. Staff very courteous. Breakfast buffet very nice, like the 14th Floor Bar and Terrrace. We'll stay again if we need to be in this area of Manhatten.	
Aug 31 2008 	an oasis of calm!	Arrived at the hotel at 9 a.m following a very bad 24 hours (cancelled flight!) and luggage missing.......to be warmly welcomed by front desk staff. Although it was far too early to be able to check into our room we were offered breakfast and the use of all hotel facilities. We were also directed to the best places to buy emergency clothing! That set the tone for our two night stay! Staff could not have been more helpful. Their recommendation for a 'special' restaurant was spot on (including as we found out later requesting a 'booth'). The hotel itself was everything the many reviews have said it is -and more! Our room on the 12th floor was extremely quite; very clean and comfortable. As others have stated the cheese and wine on offer in the evenings was a wonderful touch and set the tone for going out to dinner.The whole 'book theme' made the hotel very special, unique and contributed to the calming effect following a day of walking around NY.A special comment needs to be made about the very personal approach of Walter and Nick who with humour and openess made our stay in NY more relaxing than anticipated as we left JFK that morning. Thank you.	
Aug 30 2008 	Wonderful Hotel in NYC	I booked this hotel on their site. The staff was nice and helpful as soon as i reserved the room. Every room is named by a specific topic, and inside you can find book about it; i asked for &quot;ancient history&quot; room, and they reserved this room.The reception and doorbell staff is very helpful.The room was clean and well maintained, and so the bathroom.Inside my room i found a complimentary bottle of champagne, and everyday 2 bottles of water.The breakfast was very good and complimentary (not common in NYC, where you can spend great amounts of money for breakfast), and so the afternoon tea and wine/cheese in the evening.The rooftop bar was simply great, and the staff was wonderful (great compliments to the girls!!!).I'll return to this hotel without any doubt. Library Hotel makes me love more New York.	
Aug 29 2008 	Just what it should be!	My husband and I celebrated our 20th anniversary with a trip to NY and stayed in the Library Hotel - and loved every minute of it! A complimentary bottle of champagne awaited our arrival, and the room, staff and little extras (turn down service, wine &amp; cheese in the afternoons, helpful concierge) all made for a memorable visit. We wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel - the bed was very comfortable, breakfast was great and the location is perfect for walking everywhere. Can't wait to visit again!	
Aug 25 2008	Great Hotel !!!	The Library Hotel is unique and well worth exploring. It's in an excellent location in midtown Manhattan. The staff are respectful but very warm and helpful. The room was comfortable and nicely appointed. I strongly advise checking out their excellent website to get a feel for the concept of the hotel. We couldn't have been more pleased with all the hotel offers. An excellent place. I'm sure children are welcome, however, this hotel is probably geared more toward adults. It's a smaller &quot;boutique&quot; hotel, which we like. It is very sophisticated and refined. Not cheap, but no nice place in Manhatten is! Highly Recommended!!! Randall &amp; Deanie VincentWalker, Louisiana	
Aug 25 2008 	a treat in new york	We stayed at this hotel for 4 days in August 2008. The staff and the information/service that they provided were superb. Room (junior suite) great. Location central. Breakfast, snacks, wine and cheese,what more can you ask for. We were very pleased, thought it good value and would go again/recommend.	
Aug 24 2008	Spot on service fab location great atmosphere	My husband and I got engaged at the Library Hotel in their roofop Poetry Garden a couple years ago, so this boutique gem is incredibly special to us both. We recently returned for a quick anniversary celebration and were very happy to once again experience the charm and amenities of the Library. The reception/lobby staff here are incredibly accommodating, approachable and gracious. How often are you personally contacted by a hotel to ensure your stay is in order? Hotel location is fantastic (Weather permitting, walk over to Bryant Park Grill for an outdoor lunch and a spin on the carousel!) We adore the Library for its uniqueness, character and overall ambiance. It's also great to have bottled water, good coffee at any hour, breakfast and wine/cheese at your disposal. The value here is excellent. Don't hesitate to book. We will be back!	
Aug 21 2008 	Great Hotel shame about some of the staff	My husband, daughter and I stayed in a junior suite at The Library Hotel for a week long stay in New York and have to say that nearly every service offered at this hotel is second to none- room cleaning and turn down service in the evening is a wonderfully luxurious touch (if not a little inconsiderate of the global environment). The biggest let down for us was, I hate to say, the overall standard of service offered by a few of the main reception staff, who could be haughty and even rude when approached for information and advice. This spoiled an otherwise great trip!	
Aug 15 2008 	Simply perfect!	There is nothing negative I can say about this hotel. We arrived quite late and were greated by helpful and frendly staff and a nice chilled glass of wine in our room. Which was the perfect start to our stay. The breakfast, complimetary tea and coffee and the wine and the cheese in the reading room are all lovely. The bar balcony overlooking NY library, the Empire State buliding and the Chrysler is beautiful, I could have spent hours there! Also it is ideally located for exploring New York without being noisy.OK so the rooms may be smaller then some other hotels but they are clean, beautifully decorated and to are large enough to be comfortable.Would I stay here again? Without doubt. Would I reccommend it to friends and family? without a moments hesitation!	
Aug 12 2008 	Excellent Hotel Couldn't imagine staying anywhere else.	My husband and I stayed with the Library Hotel in late July on our first trip to New York. It was the perfect location to explore the city from, close to most major sites in the city. We arrived at 12pm due to a very delayed flight and after 28hrs of travelling from Australia there fast, friendly and very effecient staff made checking in a pleasure.We were prepared for a shoe box size room, but were pleasantly suprised to find our room was a generious size plenty of room for the two of us plus 2 very large suitcases and carry on luggage. The bathroom was beautiful, as was the rest of the room.Breakfast was a pleasure each morning, great bagels and coffee a perfect way to start the day in New York. The breakfast room was tranquil and relaxing, and the all day coffee and snacks kept us going.The free wireless broadband in our room was also a great extra. The rooftop garden was beautiful, great view of the city.This is a great place to stay in New York, we couldn't have asked for anything more. We are very much looking forward to staying here again in the future	
Aug 9 2008 	LOVED EVERY PART OF THE HOTEL!	We had such a wonderful time! The room was awesome! We stayed in the Love Room that had the only balcony. The view was beautiful. The room was a relaxing escape from the crazy city. The service was great! The staff was very helpful and friendly. All the different lounge areas in the hotel are decorated very nicely. The breakfast is superb every morning! We were on our honeymoon and WE LOVED IT!	
Aug 5 2008 	The Library Hotel - a hidden gem!	The Library hotel is an ideal base for both holiday and business travellers to New York. It is centrally located and within walking distance (or a very short cab ride) of most of Manhattan's attractions.The hotel itself, while relatively small, has a homely atmosphere due to the friendly and helpful staff (librarians). It is a peaceful haven and with continental breakfast, all-day coffee and pastries and evening cheese and wine available it is a wonderful retreat from the hectic life outside. It is ideally located so as to return to it on a few occasions during the day to refresh before facing &quot;life outside&quot; again.By the way there are plenty of books to read if you find the time!!!	
Aug 4 2008 	Lovely staff--but very noisy!	The staff at the Library Hotel couldn't be nicer. The breakfast room is lovely and the food is fresh. Even the elaborate espresso machine turns out stellar coffee. Every non-resting moment we spent there was great.However, our room was so noisy that sleep was a distant dream. When we arrived--too late to change rooms--we realized our heating and cooling system had a fan that rivaled stadium cheering. It was literally too loud to talk above. We tried, once abed, to turn it off but then became too hot (it was August in the city) and, once we turned it back on, we were again blasted. Furthermore, the room we booked--a junior suite on the sixth floor-- was on the corner of two of NYC's busiest streets. This room, unlike others I have stayed in in the city, seemingly had no barriers to keep out the city sounds. In short, my husband and I were up all night. I hate to be so critical of a place that hires such lovely staff. However, ultimately those of us who stay in hotels are there to sleep and that luxury was, for us in our sixth floor suite, out of reach.	
Aug 4 2008 	Fulfilled our Expectations!	My husband and I stayed in the Library Hotel for three nights in July. I booked the hotel based on reviews on Tripadvisor and did wonder if it would prove to be that good. Well, it did! We had a delux queen room on the 7th floor which was very nice. It wasn't huge but neither was it terribly small. Size wise it was fine for our three night stay even with two large suitcases. The bathroom was clean and well lit and had a large bathtub and powerful shower over the bath. There was constant hot water and the toiletries were plentiful.The library room on the second floor was very pleasant and the availability of teas and coffees at all times was very welcome. Breakfast included pastries, cereals, fruit, eggs, juices and was more than adequate.We checked out the rooftop bar which looked wonderful, but we didn't actually stay and have a drink.The staff in the Library were helpful and knowledgeable. Our flight left New York at 9.30pm and the weather during our stay was extremely hot and humid. We were given the use of the penthouse floor rest rooms to freshen up after our day out sightseeing and could avail of the wine/cheese on the 2nd floor before we left even though we had checked out earlier that day. This was a nice touch and was appreciated.Probably best of all is the Library Hotel's position on Madison and East 41st St. Grand Central Station is only 1 block behind the hotel and allows access to the subway system (very manageable and safe). A coach service from JFK will drop to and from Grand Central for only $15 one way.It is possible to walk to the Empire State Building &amp; Macy's on 34th St and it is also walkable to Times Square, Broadway, 5th Avenue and Central Park. The Library Hotel is in a brilliant position for exploring Manhattan. We had a wonderful time and I can't wait to return to New York again. I would be happy to stay at the Library Hotel on my next visit.	
Aug 4 2008 	Beautiful and quiet	The Library is a beautiful, clean, lovely hotel in a great location. The staff from arrival until we left 4 days later were attentive, knowledgable, and helpful. The rooms are numbered with the Dewey Decimal System and each room has a little theme (ours was a the &quot;ancient language room&quot;) and they are tastefully decorated to create a calm inviting setting. They have complementary breakfast, drinks and snacks through out the day, complimentary wine and cheese daily, a rooftop bar, streetlevel resturaunt, oncall doctor, free movie rentals, and are within walking distance to 5th Avenue shopping, Grand Central Station, and St. Patrick's Cathedral. We are thankful to have found this place!	
Aug 1 2008 	Wonderful Hotel Library	My husband and I visited New York for a week in mid-July for his birthday, and to see the New York's Art Commission's Waterfall exhibit.After investigating many sites and collecting a lot of information, including reviews from TripAdvisor's travelers, we decided on The Library Hotel for its location, east midtown Manhattan, just two blocks from Grand Central Station, great restaurants and ambience, as well as convenience for the subway.After reviewing the Library Hotel's website, I called their hotel directly to book the type of room and location I wanted, and to have any questions that I may have had answered right away.The Library Hotel has a theme of a library, hence the name, and each floor has a subject; ours was Philosophy. Books were everywhere, and we wished we had much more time to enjoy the hotel's facilities.The staff at The Library Hotel were outstanding, wanting to help us with maps, restaurant reservations, etc. and even though we had done a lot of research ourselves and had our time in New York planned out, they made it very easy to accomplish everything we wanted to do - especially, as we were there during the 98 - 102 degree heatwave. We travel a lot, and the staff in this city hotel made all the difference to our stay.We booked a queen size room, on an upper floor, which was beautifully appointed, and the bathroom had a tub/shower combination, which the tub was really appreciated after pounding the concrete streets all day in 100 degree heat. Whilst the room was not overly large, we were very comfortable, and the air conditioning responded instantly to our wishes.Included in the price of the room was breakfast, which, whilst no hot food was provided, was excellent and filling with a large variety to choose from.From 5:00 p.m. - 8:00 p.m. complimentary wine and cheese was served, and you could help yourself to as much as you wanted.There were two rooftop patio-bars, which looked lovely, but we never had the time to sit and enjoy them.Madison and Vine is a new bistro attached but separate on the ground floor of the Library Hotel, and we had read mixed reviews about it, but we had dinner there the night we arrived in New York, and had excellent service and food.I would certainly stay at the Library Hotel again, for its location, facilities, and wonderful and helpfull staff.J. Perkins, San Rafael, California	
Jul 30 2008 	Excellent choice	We had 3 nights at The Library at the end of June. The hotel is 5 minutes’ walk from Grand Central Station and the Public Library 1 block away. We had rooms on the 10th floor away from the lifts (as requested on booking). The rooms were clean, nicely decorated and comfortable with plenty of towels and toiletries. The rooms also have a safe and complimentary bottled water is provided. We were shown to our rooms and given lots of information about the facilities and also warned about the mini bars which are electronically sensitive – so if you don’t want an item don’t touch it! We slept soundly – it was remarkably quiet. A good continental breakfast is served until 11.00 in a pleasant lounge on the 2nd floor which has wall to wall book cases and a piano! Everything was plentiful and topped up regularly by staff. Complimentary hot drinks and cookies/pastries are available in the lounge all day plus wine with cheese &amp; biscuits are served between 5-8pm which - a great way to start the evening or end an afternoon’s sightseeing! The hotel has a nice rooftop bar which is open to the public (think from 5pm) – but is a relaxing place to sit out during the day in comfortable surroundings if you are tired from trekking around the city. Both on the Friday and Saturday nights we were there the bar was entertaining private parties, though on the night we visited for a nightcap the waitress managed to find seats for us in the open air area which was greatly appreciated. (We had lunch in the adjoining ground floor restaurant Madison &amp; Vine which was excellent - not sure if it is connected to the hotel or not). The best thing about the hotel is the service – without exception every member of staff we encountered was friendly, cheerful and helpful. We had some great tips for bars and restaurants. The best service we have experienced in a long time. In summary the hotel made our weekend for us – loved it loved it loved it and if we ever make it back to New York would be our 1st choice of hotel.	
Jul 30 2008	Great Little Treasure in Midtown	The rooms are spacious by NYC standards, and the location is ideal. We had a room with a bay window that fronted Madison, so that you could see directly down 41st into the Public Library and up and down Madison all at the same time. Not a very tall hotel, so you're not going to get panoramic views, but actually very quiet considering. The staff are very helpful and go out of their way to make sure you have a great stay. The little extras (breakfast, etc.) go a long way in making this a fantastic place to consider while in NYC. Also, you never feel overwhelmed like you sometimes do at the larger NYC properties. And by the way, as you might expect, there are books everywhere, including a copious supply in the rooms, if that's your thing.	
Jul 29 2008 	Perfect hotel for our stay in Manhattan.	The staff couldn't have been more helpful. The location was great. The room, while small, provided all necessary amenities and more. With the substantial parking discount and the lovely breakfast, the cost was quite reasonable for the City. We look forward to staying at the Library Hotel the next time we come to NYC.	
Jul 28 2008 	Perfect NYC hotel	The Library Hotel is amazing. After a 20 hour flight from Australia, the hotel staff were so helpful in getting us settled in quickly. The hotel serves complimentary wine and cheese each night, and even though we arrived in well past the service, they brought some wine up to us to enjoy while we relaxed. The location was perfect with transportation nearby and every shop conceivable within walking distance. The roof top garden was lovely and really added to the unique feel. Free internet and breakfast each morning was also included with the wine/cheese evening. The rooms were amazing with all the books included, and you were surrounding by more in the lobby and breakfast room. Loved the concept. Even if you're not an avid reader, book this hotel. It's a great location, service is superb and all the amenities are spot on. I would definitely return.	
Jul 27 2008 	Beautiful hotel in NYC	We very much enjoyed our stay at the Library Hotel. It is a rather small but very modern and comfortable hotel in a very central location to discover the big apple. The service was excellent, the folks at the reception went every extra mile to make the restaurant reservations that we had forgotten to make in advance. The rooms are small (though not for NYC) but beautiful, each with a different motto/theme. We can very much recommend the love room, the only room in the hotel with a balcony! We will return...	
Jul 24 2008	The icing on the cake of an amazing trip to New York City!!	This was our (myself and my family's) second trip to New York City and what a fantastic trip it was.The Library Hotel was fantastic. The staff were lovely - always making a point to ask how we were, what we were up to, offering their advice on local NY attractions and restaurants and their restaurant recommendations were brilliant. (Pastis and Spice Market in the Meatpacking district are absolute MUSTS!) Nothing was ever too much for them and they were always smiling. They really want to help you make the most out of your trip to NYC.Before we went, we read many reviews saying the rooms were extremely small but this was not a problem. They were a good size, luxuriously equipped with fresh bottles of water everyday, turn down service with a weather report and chocolates in the evening, fresh towels every day and they even gave us fresh slippers and dressing gowns during our stay!On our first time in Manhattan we stayed in Times Square. This was a central and touristy location but we all found the location of The Library far superior. Based in Mid-Town, many key attractions in New York were close by to the hotel which was great. Anything else was a short taxi ride away and, being NY, the taxis were very cheap! There are some nice restaurants nearby - recommended highly by the hotel staff - and the views from the rooftop bar is superb at night time. You really feel like you are in the hubbub of NY when you drink a cocktail on the terrace overlooking the Empire State Building - a very NY thing to do! What is great about staying in The Library is that you are central enough to drop off shopping halfway through the day - if you have hit Fifth Avenue - and whilst doing this, can pop into the Reading room for as many complimentary coffees/teas/lemonades/cakes as you like, ready to hit the shops again! Though I did not read any of the books in our room (after all, you are in New York!), their collection is extensive and they help provide a very special and unique experience to your stay in the carefully designed hotel. I loved being able to return to the hotel in the evening after a busy day in New York, borrow a DVD from the hotel's collection to put on in the background whilst getting ready and then head to the Reading room for a glass (or two!) of champagne with some cheese and nuts, before leaving the hotel to eat and one of Manhattanâ€™s 10,000 restaurants. I would stay here again, without a doubt, and look forward to doing so in the future. If you are looking for an elegant, comfortable, true New-York hotel which oozes character, set in a fantastic location in what has got to be one of the best cities in the world, then look no further. You have found it.	
Jul 18 2008 	Loved this hotel	This hotel is fantastic - very comfortable. The service was exceptional. We loved the breakfasts and the cheese and wine at night.The location is perfect for exploring New York. The only downside was that there were very few bars open nearby after 9pm.	
Jul 16 2008 	The best hotel in New York!	My husband and I have just returned from a week in New York to celebrate our 40th wedding anniversary. We chose the Library Hotel after searching for Romantic Hotels online. From the moment we walked through the door on our first day we were made to feel special. They had put a bottle of bubbly in the room together with a card congratulating us. The staff are wonderful, everyone is friendly and welcoming and the room was just perfect, we had the music room. We could have stayed in the hotel all day just reading books, they have a wonderful variety and it was fun to choose different ones when we sat having cheese and wine in the evening before going out. This is not the cheapest hotel by any means but it is well worth the money, when we next go to New York we will definately not consider staying anywhere else. We recommend this hotel wholeheartedly,	
Jul 8 2008	Great concept!	I enjoyed staying at the hotel for my July 4th weekend with friends in NYC. I really liked the library concept. As a reader, I was on the religion floor and I noticed the room actually has a lot of interesting books. It seems it’s a concept the hotel takes seriously - that’s great! My only regret was I was not able to spend more time using the hotel facilities - I was out enjoying the city most of the time.I loved the style of the room. Although very small I never felt claustrophobic. Not to mentioned it was good value for money for NYC. I really appreciated that the number of rooms was small per floor. I couldn’t really figure how to use my ipod with the room speakers but I guess I could’ve always called for help - just didn’t have the time. I enjoyed the Azur toiletries in the bathroom but thought the tiles were not as cool as rest of the room. Oh yes, thanks for the free internet.Only major room for improvement is the parking situation. It’s not very convenient considering the garage is two blocks away and the hotel does not have valet parking. Also, the parking staff could’ve been better. The guy I had to deal with on Sunday around 11 p.m. was very difficult. This was just before my long drive back to Boston and the whole interaction left a bad taste in my mouth. But in general I had a good time and will return. Thanks for everything.	
Jul 8 2008	Fantastic hotel and great staff!!	We have just returned from The Library and had a fantastic time at this lovely hotel. The staff were all so helpful and friendly giving us great suggestions on where to go for dinner etc. The rooms were immaculate and of a high standard...we stayed in the de luxe rooms. Drinks all day and wine and cheese in the evening, was a lovely touch and graetly appreciated. The breakfast provided was perfect. Roof top bar was lovely at the end of the evening but you could also take your breakfast up there. Great location and easy to get to most places by foot. We would not stay anywhere else. Thank you to all at this Hotel we had a fantastic week.	
Jul 7 2008 	Great Experience!!!	We had the most wonderful experience at The Library Hotel. We arrived hours before check-in and just wanted to drop off our bags before we headed out but they got our room ready right away and had us checked in in no time at all. They knew our names and were so freindly my husband and I were blown away in the first 15 minutes. The room we stayed in was clean and the room service was excellent. The weekend we were there it rained the whole time and someone was at the door ready to offer us an umbrella to take with us and give us suggestions on where to eat! The rooftop garden and bar was fun and relaxing. Everything about the hotel was great. We will not only stay there again but we will not stay anywhere else in New York from now on!!!	
Jul 6 2008 	Books Wine and Location the Perfect Hotel. The LibraryNYC.	I try to stay at The Library whenever I travel to NYC. and as long as they continue to offer special rates I will. The Library makes me feel like it is my own private club. Lemonade and cookies when I arrive, wine and cheese before I venture out in the evening and croissant and coffee, while reading the paper to start the day, what could be better. The rooms are small which makes it even more cozy and comfortable, the beds are the most comfortable. Location is also the most convenient of all the hotels I have stayed in NYC, even the parking garage around the corner is easy in, easy out and you get a discount with a stamp from the hotel. And as I implied in the beginning it is pricey, more than I would pay normally but as they offer special dates, with special rates through out the year I get to enjoy this gift to myself throughout the year. Yeah!	
Jul 4 2008 	Cute rooms and unbelievable staff feels like home	Date of stay: 04 to 06june 2008 in deluxe king (love room with erotica package) and 20 to 21june 2008 in petite room (photography room).We stayed in this hotel on our way to French Polynesia for our honemoon and on our way back.This is an amazing hotel.First, the rooms. They are on the small side but extemely well organized and maintained. They are very clean and the shower gel / shampoo, cotton and towels are available in great quantities. And if you miss something, ask the front desk and the next minute, you have it. Overall, these rooms are very very cute and it's a great plesure to come back home every night.The common facilities (2nd floor). This is were they serve the breakfast, the wine and cheese (from 5pm to 8pm) and rest of the time, tea / coffe and cookies are available 24/7. Like the rest of the hotel, this area is very well maintained and clean. It is great to stop by there and read quietly the newspaper or any book you can grab from the many that are available there. Breakfast is fine, nothing really special but everything is there. Wine and cheese and perfect as apetizers before going out.And last but not least, the staff. They are amazing !!! The best assets of this hotel. Nice, helpful, full of good ideas whatever you need, always smiling and happy to see your face whatever the time of the day. We came back to the hotel 2am one night and wanted to watch a dvd (they are available for free at the front desk). They are so many that we asked for some advice and I felt like they could have told us about each and every dvd available (and there are a lot !) what was the story, how they rated the movie, if they feel we would like it or not. And this is just a small example but everything is like that. They really make you feel like home and this is the most important thing about this hotel, once you step in, you immediately feel like home.Best stay ever and a great thanks to them if they read this review !We'll come back to New york before the end of the year and we know we'll stay in the Library hotel...	
Jul 2 2008 	Just the best so glad we chose the Library	We stayed at the Library for 5 nights in May for my husband's 40th birthday. I had emailed in advance to ask for the Manufacturing room (a deluxe), which we got, along with a complimentary bottle of fizz, which was lovely! The rooms are small, yes, and with two reasonable size suitcases, it was a little difficult to maneouvre them about - if we'd had smaller cases, no problem. But the bed was very comfortable, and the room was perfectly fine for our stay, the bathroom was well equipped, and overall no smaller than some hotel rooms in chains like Malmaison here. The staff were friendly and helpful, suggesting places we might like to go (it was our first visit), and providing us with maps and information. Breakfast was a godsend for me as I need to eat regularly (and early!) and there was a good continental &amp; healthy selection. Also having the complimentary drinks throughout the day was a perk when we got back from a long day out and needed a cup of tea. And the daily cheese &amp; wine reception was just fantastic!! Where do those onion/seed crackers come from?!The terrace bar was lovely on a warm evening - it did get busy up there though, and if there is an event on, you do feel like not bothering/aren't able to go up there. Most of the time we were out and about anyway, but the couple of times we went up there, it was very relaxing and quite cosy, even though it was busy.Its location was perfect - just a block or two from Grand Central and the Public Library - quiet, really didn't hear any noise at night, but still really central to everywhere we wanted to be. We walked everywhere round Midtown - from the Empire State to Central Park, and only took the (sightseeing) bus to get downtown.We can't fault the Library at all - it was perfect for us as we prefer the smaller, quieter hotel rather than staying somewhere like the Royalton or W or Morgans as some of our friends recommended. Being able to get breakfast &amp; drinks was also ideal. I would not hesitate to recommend the Library, and have done so to all our friends who haven't yet made it to NY!	
Jul 1 2008 	Another great stay	My husband and I stayed here for 2 nights on the way home from anniversary celebration in both Miami and Vegas. We previously stayed at the hotel in November and absolutely loved the place. It`s so friendly and cosy and everything you would hope for in a New York hotel. Rooms are small but space enought for two huge cases and to move about freely- what more could you want. We love the little extra touches ie cheese and wine and ample breakfast. My husband and I never normally get up for breakfast on holiday but we always make sure we do when we stay here!We hope to return to New York in the near furture and this place will be a definite must yet again as long as the prices don`t go up too much.....ha!	
Jun 26 2008 	Very Nice Stay	The rooms were very clean, beautifully appointed, and amazingly quiet. The daily breakfast and afternoon teas were very nicely done, and the service was first rate.	
Jun 24 2008 	Stay Here !! This Is A Great Hotel	My wife and I un-expectantly went to New York for the last 4 nights of our vacation. We had to quickly find and book a hotel. We looked in TripAdvisor for a small high quality hotel.( not easy to do ) We tried both this hotel and the sister hotel The Casablanca. Even though this hotel was shown to be full, the reservation staff got us in for the 4 nights that we were looking for. The stay for the entire time we were there was nothing short of fabulous. The location is very close to the tourist spots, the subway, and of course shopping. We walked to Central Park and the MET, but laziness took hold and we did cab it back.The room ( queen size ) was large (by New York standards) and was more than enough for 2 people, it was complete with all of the usual amenities. ( 1 small complaint - the water pressure in the shower could have been better, but this is a very minor criticism ).The bed was comfortable, the color scheme was very subtle and the room was just relaxing to be in.There is a room on the 2nd floor that the guests of the hotel can have complimentary coffee, juice, pastries 24 hours a day. There is a nice continental breakfast served in the same room in the morning, along with snacks and wine in the late afternoon. (again all complimentary). We enjoyed having a glass of wine when came back in the afternoon, before heading back out for the evening.Saving the best for last, the service. From the housekeeping staff through to the on-duty Manager, everyone that you came in contact with was friendly, polite and professional. What a pleasant change to see and feel this.Would we stay again - YESWould we recommend this hotel to others - YES (already have actually)Stay here if you can, you will be very pleased.	
Jun 24 2008 	Greedy management spoiled our stay	I chose this stay as it had such great reviews and sounded very appealing. Unfortunately, although I agree with most of the reviews posted, we did not completely enjoy our stay.The room was great, the free facilities during the day and evening were lovely and the location is great.One of the appeals for us was the advertised roof top reading area and bar. Wonderful after a hectic day I thought...sadly this was not to be the case.You should be aware that although the Hotel advertise this in their lovely brochure and website as one of the Hotel's facilities, management chose to bar guests from it's use and charge others to use it for all day conferences and evening wedding receptions. Throughout our entire stay were were barred from taking the lift to the top floor to enjoy the advertised Hotel Facility as from 8 until 5 there were all day conferences and during the evening social events such as wedding receptions. The Hotel point out that it is not their responsibility as management hire this out and then conference organisors take over the area, hence barring us at the lift!So the management of this Hotel charge guests to stay having advertised this as a facility and then hire it out again to external parties...a nice money spinner for them and they could't have cared less that we were not happy about this!I would not stay at this Hotel again as the staff let themselves down and could not deal with our complaint with any degree of maturity or concern...a robotic glazed look and &quot;please feel free to contact management if you are not happy then have a nice day...&quot;it spoiled my stay there as there were plenty of Hotels we would have stayed at had they not advertised this wonderful sounding, never to be seen roof top area....The boutique rooms were as expected too, nicely decorated boxes with a few random books placed to demonstrate the Library theme....a rip off in my opinion and not an ethical management company in my opinion.If financial companies mislead customers in this way they would be fined!!!	
Jun 23 2008 	Best Hotel I've Stayed in	I am normally not phased either positively or negatively by hotels as I stay in so many, but I have to say that this one stands out as one of the best I have ever visited.The staff were professional, helpful and entertaining. The location was perfect. The room was stylish and modern (although not the largest ever). The communal facilities/areas were outstanding (including free use of computers without the usual complicated log in processes). Although fairly pricey, it was worth every penny and a long way from being the most expensive NY hotel.For anyone considering a different hotel to save $50-$100 a night - don't! The price of the hotel will quickly be forgotten, the quality of this hotel will be remembered.	
Jun 21 2008 	Perfect location for a special trip!	This hotel is a quaint &quot;New York Boutique&quot; style hotel. We booked this for our first trip to New York City for our 25th anniversary. I went on the recommendation of a co-worker and are we glad I did. The property was immaculate and amenities were bountiful. From a continental breakfast to the wine and cheese reception every night as well as a 24 hour reception area with snacks and light drinks available...all included in the price of the hotel. There is easy access to computers and printers, a rooftop sitting area and a wonderful 2nd floor reception area. Also, we mentioned the occassion when we booked the hotel and a nice card and small gift was waiting in our room on arrival. Great touch!The rooms are small, which I am told is typical New York, but they were well appointed and pristine.The location is right on 41st and Madison Ave. Easy walking distance to Grand Central Station, 5th Avenue Shopping, Times Square, Rockefeller Plaza, Park Ave. New York Public Library and who knows what else we couldn't get seen in the 4 days we were there.AND, all this pales in comparison to the courtesy, professionalism, speed and overall friendliness of the staff. This was a big trip for us and the Library Hotel was the solid lynchpin to a great introduction to NYC. My thanks and compliments to the hotel and their staff.	
Jun 17 2008 	Great quiet hotel in the middle of NYC	My partner and I stayed in New York over new year 07/08. We chose this hotel because of the reviews on TA and we were not disappointed!The hotel itself is lovely, really comfortable with great staff. Sure, the room wasn't huge... but perfectly adequate for what we needed. For a city hotel it's just what you need: in the centre of Manhattan, close to grand central station, great service, comfy beds... those little extras really make the difference too. We really made the most of the breakfast (which gave us a great start to every day), the cheese and wine evenings and the complementary internet access.I would say that this hotel is best suited to couples or older groups of people wanting to discover NYC, but wanting to come back at the end of the day and relax.We stayed in the double room (one of the smallest) and the only issue we had was the noise from the lifts at night. I had no problem with this, but my partner is a light sleeper. Once we were given ear plugs it was fine. I would say that if you are a light sleeper you should either take ear plugs or consider a slightly more expensive room. Don't miss the bar on the top floor. Great for breakfast, but even better for a cocktail to finish off the evening.I have been to NYC before, and hope to come again. I will not stay in any other hotel - The Library was perfect for us.	
Jun 16 2008	Library was great - staff was AMAZING!!!!!!!	From the moment my sister and I arrived at the library hotel our experience was fantastic! After a long day a travel we were greeted at the door and by the time we got to our room they were calling with our dinner reservation to Kellari Taverna. The room was small but very clean, comfortable and quite. Well appointed. We had a quick glass of wine and some cheese and crackers and walked to the restaurant. We ended the night at the rooftop bar - Bookmarks. Just perfect! Day One we had a great free breakfast on the 2nd floor and then we were off to Ground Zero, Wall Street and Soho. Before we left that morning we told the front desk that we wanted to see The 39 Steps and while we were out sightseeing they called to say they got us 6th row tickets and they were being delivered to the hotel. We returned that evening and asked for another dinner suggestion - Salute! and it didn't disappoint. We were then off to Mansion to experience the club scene. The staff gave us free passes and called to check the wait. When we got there it was if they were waiting for us. We got out of the cab and they ushered us right in even though there was a line. Day Two we walked down Madison to MoMA and then shopped the rest of the afternoon. When we returned we decided to ask for some nightlife recommendation and my sister had mentioned it was my birthday. By the time we got upstairs there was a bottle of wine and two boxed coffee mugs (I had asked for one as a birthday souvenir). We had a bite to eat before the show at Madison &amp; Vine in the lobby of the hotel. Great food! The staff hailed us a cab and sent us off with an umbrella. The 39 Steps was fantastic. Our next stop - The Hudson Hotel bar - very cool! We were concerned about getting a cab and the staff said to call them if we were out and needed a cab and that they would call one for us.Day Three and my sister and I were heading back home to Chicago and Scottsdale respectively. We took in the street fair on the Avenue of the Americas and walked around Times Square. Hotel checkout is 1:00 pm which is a nice change.My sister and I are already planning our return. The people from wait staff, to cabbies, to sales clerks, to passerbys on the street were some of the nicest and most helpful people I have ever met. Whomever said that New Yorkers were rude is dead wrong!!!! To the FABULOUS staff - Igor, Leonard, Walter, Michael and Monique, I say thank for making my birthday and trip to NYC a memorable one. See you next year!!!!!! This staff - Igor, Walter, Leonard, Monique and Michael was so helpful and fun!	
Jun 15 2008 	A Serene Haven	We spent 3 nights here while doing a flying visit to New York, we chose it having read all the tripadvisor reviews and it was every bit as perfect as described. It really was a traquil retreat from the hot buzzing streets. The staff were a delight, always helpful suggesting places to eat etc. We had a deluxe queen room which was small but perfect, everything one needed, clean and a lovely comfy bed.The breakfast, all day snacks/coffee and the evening wine and cheese were wonderful, it really was a treat to stay here and we would certainly come back.	
Jun 13 2008 	Just Like a Library Should Be: Quiet	My husband and I stayed at the Library Hotel just last weekend for our second anniversary. The stay was wonderful. The staff was welcoming, helpful, and left us alone, unless we had a question. The room was very nice and the size was exactly what we expected for a Manahattan hotel. Definitely clean and orderly. Would absolutely stay here again.	
Jun 8 2008 	Fantastic stay	We had a wonderful experience during our stay. Our room was clean and comfortable. The second floor reading room was very enjoyable and the breakfast was quite nice. We thoroughly enjoyed the afternoon wine and cheese, and it saved us when we were running late for an evening show and didn't have time for dinner beforehand. The best part of this hotel is the staff. They were unobtrusive but always exceedingly helpful. They steered us toward excellent restaurants every time we asked. Our only wish was that the upstairs bar stayed open later, but we would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jun 8 2008 	Quirky charming and excellent service	We spent one week here in early April - my first trip to NY (second trip for bf). Our very delayed flight from South Carolina meant we arrived very late, to be greeted on the sidewalk by charming bellhop who whisked away our bags. The reception desk staff were delightful - welcoming, jokey and still professional. They offered us a glass of wine, but when we reached our room we discovered a whole bottle of prosecco. Was that ever welcome! We then went to seek food, and got a load of recommendations for fast-fooderies within a block or so, and ate well. Our stay continued in this vein.The breakfasts were ample and delicious (but no pancakes or waffles - a bit of a disappointment). The pastries and toasted bagels were excellent (we loved the concord grape jelly), and the vast range of drink-as-much-as-you-like teas, coffees and hot and cold drinks generally was very welcome. Especially since one could return during the day, to the same room (the library/breakfast room/wine-zone), and top up on cakes and coffee (or whatever one fancied).Each evening at 5-ish for a couple of hours was a free wine (including more prosecco) and cheese/nibbles feast. We took good advantage. We also took the opportunity to borrow books to read during our stay, and also borrowed a movie (on DVD) one night (that night we also got the hotel to order us in a take-away - the ultimate luxury in many ways).The hotel is really well-placed for all the mid-town sites, and a couple of minutes stroll from Grand Central (excellent oyster bar). Our whole trip to the US was 3 weeks, so after a few days in NY we used the laundry service to get some clean clothes, and this was excellent - very beautifully presented clothes were returned to us, and the cost was not excessive.I would definitely try to stay here again if returning to NY. Our bedroom was pretty small, but everything fitted, and the beds were extremely comfy. The free slippers are still going (a couple of months on), and the bathroom was well-designed. We heard no noise from other rooms. There was a little street noise (if I remember rightly, we faced onto 41st and there was construction going on opposite) but not enough to be annoying.	
Jun 5 2008 	nothing wrong here!!	I loved this hotel! My husband and I were in New York, without kids, for a long w/e and we had a blast. At check-in, the front desk was so nice and had maps and great info for us. Our room was beautiful, we did go for the suite, so the extra room was nice, we definitly were not expecting anything huge, and from previous reviews were expecting even smaller, but we thought a good size for new york city! the wine and cheese was awesome, I ate/drank so much the first night I couldn't eat at at the restaurant we had reserved! Breakfast also great, people in the reading room (where everything is served) were so polite and the drinks and food were always fresh and plentiful. If something was running low, they would tell us it would be right out and it was! The bar on the 14th(?) floor was Crazy busy the 2 times we tried to go up, but what do you need that for when you have wine on the 2nd floor? Location rocked, we walked everywhere, probably saw about 10% of the city but loved every minute! Would recommend it to anyone.	
Jun 4 2008 	Great hotel in an ideal location	I have just returned from 4 nights at the Library Hotel and absolutely loved it. The hotel is in an excellent position being well connected to subway and bus routes but also within easy walking distance of many major sights and attractions: Empire State (10 mins), Library and Bryant Park (1 min), Grand Central (3 mins), Chrysler Building (5 mins), Times Square (10 mins), Rockefeller Plaza (15 mins). You really feel right in the centre of the action while the hotel itself is welcoming and relaxing.The hotel is beautifully furnished throughout and with great attention to detail. The bedroom was on the smaller side but this was in no way a problem and in any case I was barely in there! Bathroom was lovely and bed extremely comfortable. The 2nd floor reading room is very nice and the 14th floor terrace bar and conservatory are a real bonus as it’s a great opportunity to have a drink in the open air. The team of staff were charming and very helpful both before arrival and during my stay.Breakfast was good (pastries, bagels, fruit, cereal, yoghurt etc) and free coffee and pastries were available throughout the day. In the evening on weekdays there is also a complimentary wine and cheese reception in the 2nd floor reading room which is brilliant for unwinding after a long day sight-seeing. I can also recommend the Madison &amp; Vine restaurant on the corner of the hotel; good food and great staff.Overall, the hotel benefits from being smaller than others as there are some great personal touches, quality can remain high throughout and the atmosphere is friendly. As a solo female traveller I was extremely comfortable at the hotel and also staying in that area of the city. I would certainly stay there again on any return trip to the city. Excellent.… and New York is fantastic, definitely worth a visit!	
Jun 3 2008	Great location staff and peace and quiet.	We stayed at the Library Hotel for four nights over the Memorial Day holidays and could not have been more pleased with our accommodations. It was like staying at a good friends home where you have access to their cookies, chesse, wine, coffee and tea's when you feel like it. The rooms were very accommodating as we are from Dallas where everything is bigger and they managed to place comfort and everything possible that we might need into a very pleasant space. I truly believe that this is the place to stay for singles, couples and women visiting NYC. We could not have enjoyed our stay in NYC any more. Make sure that you ask them for discount coupons to many of the NYC events.	
Jun 3 2008 	Peaceful paradise	My wife and I had the pleasure to stay in the Library hotel in NYC from May 21st to May 28th 2008.I never thought that could ever exist such a hotel like this in the hearth of the capital of the world. The hotel is small, but it’s full of charm and sophistication. It seems like be at home. The treatment is discreet but full of nice facilities and services that are running every day at every time of day. Breakfast, free wine tasting, food and beverages, books, classical music, just to mention few of many other nice thing.The stuff is really polite and helpful. Rooms are extremely clean and tidy. I’d suggest for sure this hotel to all my acquaintances.	
May 31 2008 	The Library Hotel was the perfect place	The Library Hotel is in a great location, with a wonderful staff. Public transporation 1 block away. We stayed in NYC from 5/16/08 - 5/23/08.	
May 27 2008 	Check out the Library	Beautiful building, ideal location, lovely decor, relaxing atmosphere, and friendly staff (especially those in the Reading Room). Highly recommended.	
May 24 2008 	Pedacito de Cielo!	My husband and I are from Ecuador, And we spent our anniversary in NY. We couldn't have chosen a more wonderful place for our stay. We practically didn't leave the hotel... spent hours reading in this cozy little library, where you could enjoy cappuccinos, muffins and scones all day long, while listening to soothing, great chosen music. We never missed their Wines and Cheese afternoons. Our room was located at the 11th floor. It was very quiet, tastefully decorated and incredibly comfortable. I loved the amenities! If I ever go back to NY I wouldn't doubt about my hotel's choice... although I hope next time I will dare leave the place and actually SEE the city! Yogini was very kind and efficient at taking care of our reservation.	
May 18 2008 	Loved the Library!! 5 star.	Having read the reviews on trip advisor i fell in love with this hotel and it didn't dissapoint!We had a fantastic stay here, it's the nicest hotel we've stayed in.Staff are so friendly and will do anything to make your stay enjoyable.Room - yes, it's small but it's luxury and we spent most of the time sightseeing anyway. The bed was sooooo comfy!Breakfast was great, cereals, coisants, danishes and bagels etc.Location - on madison avenue. Around the corner from Grand central station and we could see the Empire state from the rooftop gardenOverall we loved this hotel and the staff and will be staying there if we go to NYC again.	
May 14 2008	Very glad we stayed here	We spent three nights at the Library Hotel in May and have only great things to say. The hotel is well situated in midtown within walking distance to alot of shopping, dining, and theatre. Catch the subway one block away at Grand Central Station or if you prefer hail a cab. The room was a good size with room to move around. The bed was very clean and very comfortable. The bathroom was beautifully tiled and sparkling. The hotel includes a complimentary breakfast that was quite good and have wine and cheese from 5pm to 8 pm every night (also complimentary). The lounge is always open for coffee and tea. We found the staff top notch. They were always polite, well prepared and ready to help us with phone calls and a club booking.The area is busy and noisy at night as there is always some construction or something going on. My husband needed ear plugs to sleep at night. That's the city for you. Be prepared. If you are looking for a small hotel that looks to your comfort you won't be disappointed with the Library.	
May 13 2008	Great Stay at The Library	Stayed here for 3 nights in the room named as Fairy tales and i must say that it was a great hotel, the staff at the front desk were always very helpfull and there was always a nice hello from the staff when you got back from a hard days shopping/sight seeing.They offer great breakfasts here as well in a room that gives you great views along Madison ave. The hotel restaurant down stairs on the street was a good place to eat and have a gin and tonic to watch the street life. The rooms were imaculately presented and could not be faulted.The only thing i did not like was the cost of the hotel as it was in my opinion expensive £250=$500 ish per night, but hey you get what you pay for.If you are considering where to stay in NY, just book this and you will not be dissapointed.	
May 12 2008 	Loved this hotel and enjoyed every moment of our stay.	Excellent hotel and staff. This was our second stay within a matter of months. The accommodations and staff are both exceptional. The staff always goes out of their way to make the customer welcome and any request for service is never too great.We went this second time to celebrate our anniversary. The hotel staff and mgmt welcomed us with a complimentary bottle of champagne to help us celebrate this special occasion.The hotel services a complimentary morning breakfast, snacks all day and a wine and cheese event in the afternoon. This hotel is worth a visit. This will always be our first choice when visiting New York for business or pleasure.	
May 3 2008 	An oasis of comfort	It was my first time at The Library - the husband's 4th or 5th as he's stayed there on business before. We stayed a week in 001Modern History on the 9th Floor and this elicits my only negative comment. Now, I know they were pretty full (and we had to be reassigned a couple of days before arriving from the single petite that the husband's daft business travel agent had booked for him!) but they did know it was our 15th anniversary and I just don't feel prominently displayed books on Nazism and the 1st World War, and portraits of fascist dictators and Neville Chamberlain above the bed really help foster a romantic atmosphere. But having said that all the rooms are pretty similar in decor, it's just the pictures and books, so having popped the gory war analysis out of plain sight I just tried not to eyeball Neville everytime I got into bed. Negatives over - the rooms are small and expensive, yes it's New York - yadda yadda yadda... BUT worth it for the comfort and joy of having a decent sized well-lit bathroom with actual surfaces that you can put things down on and the little extras like the cheese and wine or prosecco in the evening; cawffee and tea and biscuits on tap; and the communal spaces including a wonderful little outside roof terrace. Decent hot shower, good quality toiletries (love that scrub soap), robes and slippers, dvd's and takeaway delivered to your door, and the gloriously friendly, charming and informative staff (special mention to Igor and the lovely lady in the Reading Room studying child pyschology) - what more could you want from a midtown hotel? Okay so I agree with other posters about the comedy shower curtains (too short and they stick to you like wet tissue) and girlie issue - please can we have a full length mirror somewhere? Oops more negatives - I lied but that's positively it! Loved it here would be happy to stay anytime so I hope this review doesn't mean we can't get a room next time!! Oh and make sure you make time for a Hemingway cocktail in the bar...	
Apr 29 2008 	Very Good but doesn't quite live up to the hype	We booked a Junior King Suite (the most expensive room they have) several months in advance and as it was my 40th Birthday, we specifically asked for the Love Room (due to the great reveiws here on TA), but gave 3 other alternatives in case that wasn't available. We checked back a few days before arrival to see whether we had been allocated that particular room and got a non committal answer along the lines of &quot;we can't guarantee anything but we'll bear it in mind&quot;. We were quite disappointed therefore on arrival to be given room 406 (ancient languages) which wasn't even one of our 3 alternantives, and bearing in mind the many tales on here about people getting upgrades without even asking we were a little miffed to get such a low floor (with the added noise that brings). However, on the plus side our room was nearly ready when we arrived at 1030am and we were offered the chance to wait in the Reading Room and have breakfast while it was finished. That was great, but the breakfast room was absolutely packed and there was nowhere to sit, so we trekked back to reception!Again, on the plus side, we were immediately offered help with our bags both on checking in and checking out. When we got to our room we were pretty happy. For a suite it was certainly on the small side, but for NY probably quite spacious. I do wonder though how tiny some of the other rooms must be. However, the room was well appointed, the bed was super comfy, the room and bathroom spotless, and there was a bottle of sparking wine left for us along with a birthday card. The 14th floor area and roof garden was closed for a private function on the day we arrived, but open later that evening and we noticed that many people took their breakfast trays up there, presumably because the reading room on the 2nd floor was too busy. They should perhaps consider putting a few more tables in to the Reading Room, as there is plenty of space, or maybe a breakfast bar with stools along the window. Or they could shift breakfast to the more spacious 14th floor. Maybe it's a mistake to have a room where the ambiance makes people want to linger, when the relatively few tables make it essential that there's a quick turnaround at breakfast time. The quality of the continental breakfast (pastries, fresh fruit etc) and wine/cheese in the evening was good. There was also free wifi and a couple of PCs with printer access, which was useful for printing airline boarding passes. We've also stayed in their sister hotel The Casablanca, and on balance probably preferred that to the Library. At the moment this hotel is rating number 3 of all the hotels in NY. Whilst it's very good, I can't believe there are only 2 places that people think are better overall.	
Apr 28 2008 	If you like boutique/special hotels you'll likely love this	They gave me an upgrade to a King room for the Queen price as they were sold out of Queen and I really did not want the twin size/Petite bed so that was a good start :) Just there for a sat. eve meeting a friend from out of town - I am in DC. I have wanted to stay here for a LONG time and it's always booked so I was excited about this stay. It's clean, beautiful, very comfy and cozy. The rooftop garden is ABSOLUTELY FANTASTIC - 5 stars for that! Lovely 2nd floor has books on various subjects, comp. breakfast/wine for happy hr and is really great for just hanging out 24/7. The bedroom itself was large as I understand it's recognized as a jr. suite. The bathroom was clean, modern, for NY, fine in size. It's just a nice modern layout with the book selection being great. My biggest problem is that the view overlooks 41st St and with the blinds, you'll get quite a bit of light in. Also, I had expected more comfy beds - the mattress is quite hard. I've stayed in other hotels, same price level with comfort/style levels being much more comfortable bed wise. otherwise, it's great! ipod speakers in room which was also enjoyed by me :) But you know, they give you a lot of comps - wifi and the happy hr/breakfast so it could be worse :)	
Apr 26 2008 	Disappointed - Didn't live up to the rave reviews-Ignored our honeymoon	First off I'll say that this is a nice hotel in a good location with mostly pleasant staff. However based on the rave reviews here on Trip Advisor I really expected more - something memorable and special.I read numerous stories here of people being upgraded randomly to nicer rooms and stories of the hotel somehow having a special dessert delivered from themselves when a couple was out at a restaurant. It sounded pretty good to me and seeing as we were staying there as part of our honeymoon (which they were aware of) I thought we might stand a chance of some special treatment? I was wrong. They didn't even congratulate us at all or even mention it the entire time we stayed with them!!! I was really disappointed. People wait their whole lives for the one-off experience and the perks of a honeymoon, even if just for the friendly congratulations you usually get. I have stayed in a lot of nice hotels and even in some less pricey hotels around the world and most of those hotels made some effort even if it was just one of our birthdays. At the Library Hotel our honeymoon was completely ignored. I even mentioned on the sign in form where it asks what was the purpose of your stay and the guy at the desk checking us in did not even mention it. It just seemed very cold and impersonal. I felt embarrassed that I had booked this place as I really talked the place up to my husband beforehand and yet it was nothing really special.I booked the hotel months in advance and had made a simple request for a quiet room on a high floor. We were just given the 4th floor (out of 14 floors) so I asked if there was any possibility to move to a higher floor. Eventually the guy at the desk said there was one other room (on the 6th floor) we could move to because the couple it was allocated for had not checked in yet and had made no special room requests. This really annoyed me as it meant that this room was available and they just chose not to give it to us even though we had made a special request months in advance. I'll note here by the way that we are a very friendly couple and are not abrasive in any way so there's no way we would have rubbed them the wrong way.Also I could not believe it but no one even offered to help us with taking our luggage up to our room!!! We had just arrived off a very long flight and were wrecked but they just watched us haul everything ourselves as they chatted at the front desk!!! It was really awkward and once again I was embarrassed for booking this place. Anyway we ended up on the 6th floor. The room was ok but quite small. The roof garden on the 14th floor was really nice but on all 3 occasions that we tried to go up and enjoy it we could not as it was booked for private functions!!! That was disappointing also.As well, we made a call to the front desk on the day we were checking out to ask to borrow a scale as we needed to weigh and balance our luggage ahead of our flight. I was surprised that they did not have one at all anywhere in the hotel.Anyway, that's it. I still feel let down by the experience. The hotel has its good points certainly but having a personal touch and some feeling of caring are also key and they did not have this at all. I wish I had booked somewhere else as I found better deals online at nice hotels in NYC after I booked initially but I didn't switch based on all the rave reviews. Think twice about what you're looking for before you book.	
Apr 26 2008 	A charming gem in Mid Town NYC.	The hotel caters to all possible interests by arranging the floors and rooms according to the Dewey Decimal System of book classification. We stayed in 7.01 which is Architecture; the room has a wonderful supply of books including an invaluable guide to New York skyscrapers. The room is a good size and the bed very comfortable. The bathroom is spacious and has a good supply of the all the essentials.The Library manages to create a feel of a home from home. One can almost imagine that one is the guest of a very wealthy friend in Manhattan. In the 2nd floor art deco style reading room you can enjoy complimentary cheese and wine as well as coffee.Breakfast is a relaxed affair with fresh juices and a good selection of bagels. pastries and cereals. Complimentary copies of the New York Times is provided.Make sure you take advantage of staying two minutes walk from Grand Central Station and indugle in a cocktail whilst people watching; it is fabulous.	
Apr 20 2008 	WOW amazing hotel	We stayed in The Library Hotel for the final night of our honeymoon. The check in was very efficient and the receptionist was genunine and friendly. As this was the final night of our honeymoon they had upgraded us to the Love Room which made the final night of our honeymoon very special. The room was beautiful and the balcony provided a lovely view to sit and enjoy New York.The bed was really comfy and they had a bottle of sparkling wine waiting for us. The complimentary contiental breakfast was lovely and had a good selection of fresh items which were regularly refilled. The free tea, coffee and pastries throughout the day was also another lovely touch.The hotel has lots of lovely touches which make it that little bit more special.Had we known it was going to be this good we would of stayed here for all of our stay in New York. If we return to NY we will defintiely book to stay here again.Book this hotel if you are going to NY it is worth every penny.	
Apr 18 2008 	Best boutique hotel I've stayed in	This is honestly one of the best hotels you will find in any city. The attention to detail is incredible and the staff are the nicest team of people I have ever encountered. They really cannot do enough for you and went out of their way to help - looking places up, calling to make reservations, printing out maps - literally everything you needed, they were happy to do.The rooms are carefully considered and whilst compact, do not feel oppressive. They are spotlessly clean and the bathrooms are lovely.The location is unbeatable, right next to Grand Central so easy to get anywhere on the subway, but we walked everywhere, because it was so easy from where we were.The countless supply of books and the welcoming bar and reading room mean its tempting not to leave the hotel but just sit and drink coffee, raid the ever-present supply of muffins and pastries, and read one of the thousands of books! But there was too much of New York to see to allow that!Wouldn't even consider another hotel for my next trip - it has to be The Library.	
Apr 16 2008	Interesting hotel but can´t see how it makes the top of the list	I spent 5 nights at The Library Hotel given the very positive reviews here. I cannot fault them for false advertising, what they call a petite room in the website is really minuscule. Bathroom is adequate for New York and amenities are non-descript. If you are a bookworm it is very nice to have a library available in the hotel and I have to say that even the selection in the room was of high quality. Breakfast, happy hour offered in the 2nd floor were a nice experience, not cheap but also not exaggerated.Service is nothing special, mostly polite and efficient with the exception of one employee. So 1 out of 3 in my experience not making the cut for New York (a place that I usually do not have high expectations in term of service). I don´t see the reason to stay at this hotel given that much better alternatives are available in this price range, perhaps a bit more expensive but just the fact that you are not in a closet sized room more than compensate for that.It would be a great place if they had half the number of rooms.	
Apr 15 2008 	The best Hotel in New York	What a great hotel. We stayed for 4 nights and loved every minute. Because of the location of the hotel it made a great base, close to everything. The staff were fantastic and because we were traveling from the UK they sorted out a lot of things for us beforehand via email and gave us loads of useful info. The room was lovely, really clean and comfortable. One of the best parts of the hotel though is the reading room which you can use for reading the paper or any of hundreds of books but also just use it as a rest point with great views down madison ave. You can grab a great cup of coffee 24 hrs a day and we used this place a lot to just have a quick break from the crazy streets. We felt safe here. We did decide on our trip if we could every come back to New York we would always stay here. I can't recommend it enough. Great, Great, Great.	
Apr 13 2008	The Library tranquility in the heart of New York	The Library Hotel lives up to the reviews on tripadvisor. It really is a gorgeous small hotel and we looked forward to returning to our room each day. The breakfast and snacks offered throughout the day were excellent, we often made the most of the free wine and cheese in the afternoon - an added little touch that makes the Library unique. Its location is another bonus, in the heart of midtown and just around the corner from Grand Central Station - yet, rather surprisingly we couldn't hear the hussle and bussle in our room and slept soundly each night. Our room was lovely, no complaints and very clean - the staff have to be some of the best around and if you need some good, honest advice on where to eat, drink or dance the night away the team on reception are ever-so helpfull.One slight grumble was the the mini-bar recorded everytime something was moved around in the fridge as a 'sale' so we had to spend 15mins on check-out going through a rather long itemised bill explaining that we hadn't consumed any of its contents - but this was a minor grumble. We would definitely stay at the Library on our next trip to the city.	
Apr 7 2008 	Wonderful hotel in a great part of Manhattan	The Library is not just for bibliophiles although book lovers should take special pleasure in selecting a room based on the Dewey Decimal System. The hotel has a great location near the glorious Grand Central Station and is within walking distance of the New York Public Library and other midtown attractions. I loved the Library for its high style and comfy accommodations. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay here.	
Apr 4 2008 	An enchanting experience	My stay at the library hotel was amazing! Each room has a different genre, in the room there is a great collection of books that follow the genre of the room. Each room pretty much looks the same, the only diffence was the books. The staff was a dream come true, they didn't talk to my eleven year old datughter like she was two, they talked to her like they talked to me. They were friendly and helpful. We are from New York City and didn't need any information on things, so I am not sure how there concierge service is. On the second floor they have free coffee, breakfast and snacks which was great. They also have a outdoor area where you can sit and read on the top floor. This hotel isn;t big and is a botique hotel which we also loved. On top of all that it is located in a great spot, Madison and 41st street. Without a doubt, stay at this hotel!	
Apr 2 2008	Amazing wedding venue!	My fiance and I were lucky enough to chance upon the website of the Library Hotel while looking for locations for our NYC wedding. We were looking for a relatively small venue for 30 guests (we and our friends and families were travelling from the UK) but we didn't want to compromise on style or sophistication. Right from the very first phonecall the hotel events co-ordinator and other staff were warm and friendly and were genuinely keen to ensure that our wedding (and in fact our whole seven night stay) was a roaring success. To say that our experience at the Library Hotel was a dream come true is an understatement! The suite in which we stayed was perfectly proportioned and immaculately presented; the complementary breakfast and wine and cheese receptions were delicious and a very welcoming touch; the uncompromising helpfulness and flexibility of all staff who were working on our wedding day was greatly appreciated; the friendly yet unintrusive approach of the staff who waited on our guests during our afternoon wedding reception added to the feeling of New York sophistiaction that we had hoped for; and the food and drinks that were served both at our wedding and throughout our stay were second to none!My new husband and I hope to return to the hotel very soon as it holds some very special memories for us!	
Mar 20 2008 	Perfect!	Upon arrival we were told we were upgraded, which got them points right there. The hotel staff were incredibly nice and welcoming and offered to help with anything...restaurant suggestions, directions, etc.We were expecting a super tiny room and were pleasantly surprised. It was small granted, but well laid out so it really did not feel small. The bathroom was fabulous! The bed was incredibly comfortable.We were in NY for a wedding and the 14th floor lounge offered us a perfect spot to go with our friends after the dinner and just visit. Again the staff was very courteous and friendly and the drinks were super tasty.It was a great experience!	
Mar 17 2008 	Perfect	I stayed at this hotel over Christmas 2007 and it was perfect. The rooms and hotel were very peaceful and made our trip a very relaxing stress free vacation. It was a perfect location to walk to the shows and dinner. We couldn’t have asked for a better hotel or location in NYC. Keep up the good work!	
Mar 13 2008 	What a great place	This is a bit belated but I wanted to write something to say how wonderful a hotel this is.We stayed for an extended weekend just before Christmas and it was perfect. The staff was friendly, the room was spotless, the bathroom amenitites were top notch, and the bed was comfortable.Great free snacks and coffee in the clubby feeling lounge.Front desk/concierge was great in making calls to restaurants we already had reservations for in order to get us extra special treatment (it worked). Perfectly located. Can't wait to head back next Christmas.	
Mar 12 2008 	I have already recommended this hotel - and that says a lot	We visited NYC for what was basicly a first time to The Big Apple as a tourist. We wanted a central location, actually a top priority, and this was as good a central location you can find. Easy walking to Times Sq, Madison Sq Garden, Empire St Bldg. And having the Grand Central on the other side of the block means you have direct access to subway network to reach any other sites.The hotel experience itself was also a near-spotless performance on the part of the Library. The people we met were friendly and helpful. The room, incl. bed, cleanliness, views and size, was very good. The A/C-heating, however, is not noiseless, to put it polite. when everthing else is fine, such things can become an issue. This is the only negative remark I'm going to need to make. Overall, everything you read in the reviews here is there: and yes, we did like to come by during the day and sit in the quiet comfort of our very own club, the Reading Room, with refreshments and of course, for me it was the NYT.There is always the risk that having acquired such a reputation, the management or personnel are tempted to slip from the standard they have set for the hotel. Let's hope this doesn't happen. If they keep it this way (and do not raise the prices any higher) many more visitors will be happy with the Library and the hotel is a continued success.	
Mar 10 2008	Truly lovely hotel excellent stay	Had a deluxe queen room for 2 nights at the Library. Very friendly and helpful staff, excellently clean rooms/grounds. Amenities such as free wine/cheese reception in evenings and free cont. brkfst help soften the blow of $399 rooms. excellent location. I contacted this hotel to help me get restaurant reservations for a large dining party during my stay and they helped me immensely, before they even saw me in their hotel. It POURED rain during our stay, they had generous umbrellas for their guests, just excellent attention to detail. I would highly recommend this hotel and its comfortable beds. They also had a clock w/ ipod docking station that surprised and delighted me! Rooms are a nice size for NYC, definitely not ridiculously small and the bathrooms were quite nice as well.	
Mar 7 2008 	excellent hotel great service	the library hotel is a unique hotel in a great city. its small scale (about 60 rooms) is a boost to service in a city where some hotels take up entire city blocks. You instantly feel welcome upon arrival, the staff may be young, they are very friendly and will do their best to make you feel at home. Our room was a decent size, and well equipped. The hotels serves complimentary breakfast (including newspapers), rare in new york if i am not mistaken. Coffee and juice are available throughout the day, and every evening there is complimentary aperitive: wines, cheese and crackers are served from 5pm to 8pm. A perfect moment of relaxation when you come back from a day in the city, and the perfect stop before going out to find a restaurant. Great location, too, just off grand central station (subway connections) and times square. Great hotel! We are already saving for our next visit.	
Mar 3 2008 	Very Nice Indeed	I stayed at Library Hotel this past Sunday night and I was very pleased with the experienced.I actually live in Brooklyn, so I wasn't exactly coming in from out-of-town. What I wanted was a one-night stay in Manhattan in order to recharge my batteries. I work long hours, often from home, and when I actually have a day off, I find myself drifting back towards my desk to work. As such, I literally needed to get out of my own home in order to get some rest and peace. I chose Library Hotel based, in part, on what I read on TripAdvisor and I got the recharge that I needed.The hotel is very nicely done. It's modern, but not in an &quot;in-your-face&quot; kind of way. The staffers I encountered were exceptionally nice and helpful. My room (including bathroom) and all the common areas were spotless. The wine &amp; cheese reception was a nice touch. I slept in and didn't partake in the breakfast. The 14th floor bar was closed because it was Sunday (as was room service, which is fine because I know the restaurant and I'm not impressed by it), but you could lounge up in the bar area if you wanted and it looked like a fine place to enjoy a cocktail. I got a pretty fair rate directly through the hotel because it was a Sunday and this is a rather slow time of year.The only drawbacks I could see is that the rooms are small. I stayed in a Junior King Suite and it was easily the smallest &quot;suite&quot; I've ever stayed in. I, however, knew this going in so I wasn't very concerned and the room itself was fine. The bed was incredibly comfortable and the shower pressure was excellent. The bathtub was not huge, but I'm a big man and I fit in it without a problem.Here's who I think would absolutely love Library Hotel: Bookworms (obviously); travelers who prefer a boutique hotel experience versus a high-end chain; travelers looking for a quiet alternative to other mid-town locations; and, people who enjoy staying in at night at least once during their stay (the common spaces, DVD library, stacks of books, etc. provide plenty of free entertainment, plus there's the nice lounge upstairs).I probably wouldn't stay at Library Hotel again, but that's because I live here and the next time I &quot;vacation&quot; in Manhattan, I'll look for something higher up the luxury scale and with more amenities (a bigger room being the biggest thing). However, I will and have already recommend it to my friends who come for a visit and want to stay somewhere nice, a little bit different and in a good location.Library Hotel gets high marks and their rating on TripAdvisor is well-deserved.	
Mar 3 2008 	The Library is the perfect read	I have stayed in many boutique hotels in the city, but the Library Hotel has to the one that has impressed me the most. The staff is gracious and friendly. the public rooms are extremely well maintained to the point it felt like I had visited on opening weekend. Breakfast, Snacks, and wine and cheese throughout the day in the 2nd floor Reading Room is a great bonus to your room rate. The location is perfect for those that do not like to walk outside the front door of their hotel into a steady stream of people (Times Square), but also want a location with many walkable dinner options and close enough to the entertainment as well. I walked easily to see a couple plays and to a few Zagat highly rated restaurants.Do NOT let the price scare you, this is not one of those hotels that you will feel you did not get your money's worth. This is a beautiful space that you will not want to leave and you will be recommending to your friends.	
Feb 25 2008 	A reader's delight	My husband and I live in a county not too far from Manhattan and work only a block or two away from this hotel. Our plan was for a weekend to enjoy the city, instead of only working in it. We are both avid readers and The Library Hotel was the perfect atmosphere. We enjoyed the ambiance and the infamous Love Room was delightful. The staff was charming and very accommodating, but to tell the truth, we aren't the demanding sort. Breakfast is continental, but fine for most purposes and the Rooftop Garden Lounge is just perfect for that pre dinner drink. We'll be back soon, I hope.	
Feb 18 2008 	Sharing a room with Lowell and Frost	Superb little hotel a block from Grand Central. The Library has a cheerful staff, impeccably clean rooms, and lovely public spaces. Breakfast is good, although perhaps could be better in a place of this caliber. Access to an expresso machine all day long is no small amenity. Open wine bar starting at 5 pm, with drinkable white (but ghastly red). The room bookshelves each take a theme: the 'poetry' room, on the 8th floor, contains the works of Robert Lowell, of Frost, of Pound, and many others. It's a single, small but tidily arranged. A third party arranged my stay: at the posted average price of $400+, one has to wonder; at the special price of the mid $200s, available on some websites, it's surely the best bargain in midtown Manhattan.	
Feb 18 2008	Excellent	This must rank amongst my best hotel experiences.As other reviewers have noted, the location is excellent: half way down Madison Av between Central Park and the Financial District and only a couple of blocks away from the big department stores. It is also close to local subway links.The reception and bell staff were friendly, responsive and very helpful. The rooms are all themed. My room was very small, but that did not matter because the communal rooms in the hotel were such that you'd incline to spend time there... the bistro looked very nice, although I didn't try it. Free drinks and breakfast were served on the second floor - itself a nice library. The so called &quot;roof garden&quot; and designers den exceeded all expectations. I only visited late in the evening: it was intimately lit, just the sort of place you might take a date to I guess; the cocktails were excellent and the bar staff equally so. The bedroom (and the bed) itself was comfortable; the shelves stuffed full with books. Nice little touches like chocolates and weather forecasts appeared by the bed in the evening; there was an iPod player; a CD/DVD, complimentary DVD hire and a well stocked mini bar.Would certainly go back. It perhaps lacks the facilities of the big chain hotels, such as a swimming pool and a gym, but the ambiance of the hotel, the room, the staff, the decor and the communal areas more than made up for it.	
Feb 16 2008	Great location!	The location is close to subways but I wish we chose something more in midtown. Our room had a very warm modern design. The staff we encountered were responsive and courteous. We dined outside the hotel because there were so many nice neighborhood options.	
Feb 15 2008	the real new york library	We booked (sorry) the library hotel for our last two nights of our honeymoon. The staff and the room were fantastic. In my initial email I stated that it was to be our last two nights and they upgraded us to the love room which has a balcony overlooking madison avenue and with partial views of the real new york library. Nothing was ever too much and Bill, thank you for getting the pizza's when we arrived too late for the two very nice restaurants next door. We tried the pera the next night, which was turkish/mediteraean food. It was lovely, although a touch expensive overall. My wife baulked at the cost of the library originally, but by the end of it, she agreed that t was well worth it. Great location, romantic and accomodating. Thank you all at the library.	
Feb 14 2008 	Library Hotel Exceeds All Expectations!	The Library Hotel is a gem, or perhaps a poem. I stayed for three nights while visiting family and attending the dog show and every interaction I had with a staff member was positive and friendly. The hotel's public areas (the second and fourteenth floors) and private rooms are spotlessly clean, well designed, and very attractive. The Library theme is charming and fun for anyone who has ever used the Dewey Decimal system. I will never stay anywhere else in New York City and I am already looking forward to &quot;booking&quot; my next visit.	
Feb 12 2008 	New Yorks Gem	Long before we arrived at the hotel, our questions were being answered promptly via email. On arrival at the Library Hotel, we were met by extremely helpful reception staff, who not only take pride in their hotel but are keen to promote NY on the whole. The room was spotlessly keen, had everything we needed and more and was remarkably quiet considering the constant city traffic that was ever present outside.The breakfast set us up for the day and the hotel staff were keen to advise on what to see, how best to get around and to suggest various places to eat.Booking tickets for events was never too much trouble and we had the best seats in the house at Carnegie Club on Saturday Evening.All in all, we are more than happy to write this review, recommend the hotel and look forward to visiting again.	
Feb 10 2008 	Greatest service ever!	My wife and I stayed at The Library Hotel for 4 nights. In that short period of time, the staff made us feel like we were family. The attention to detail and the exceptional warm and friendly staff made our stay the perfect experience. We were surprised with things such as a VIP desert being delivered to our table at Uncle Jacks Steakhouse compliments of the hotel when we didn't even think they knew where we were going to eat.In summary, We both agree that travelling would be perfect if every city we travelled to had a Library Hotel!	
Feb 7 2008 	Excellent	Outstandingly comfortable with a very personal atmosphere, staff very friendly without being intrusive. Reception staff most helpful with any type of query, rooms first rate and so good to stay in a small hotel so close to the museums/art galleries/shops and central park. Also having refreshments available at all times a real bonus in such relaxing surroundings	
Feb 3 2008 	Great for a weekend getaway!	We work in NYC, but live in northern NJ, so as a Christmas gift to my husband, I arranged a Saturday night's stay in the Library Hotel. It was great to see New York from the tourist perspective, as opposed to the daily grind, and the Library Hotel offered a lot of bang for the buck!The Library Hotel was a beautiful, serene place filled with loving details. We stayed in the Fairy Tale room, which had all sorts of delightful children's books to peruse, as well as corresponding framed prints on the walls. We loved the wine and cheese before dinner, received a complimentary bottle of prosecco in our room (since we're newlyweds), and feasted on the delicious breakfast and read the New York Times the following morning. I loved the bath amenities, and the robes and slippers were perfect.It's difficult to make full use of a hotel in one night, but I feel we really got our money's worth. I'm glad I picked this hotel for our romantic weekend.	
Jan 29 2008 	Library Hotel - stay there!	Cannot recommend this hotel highly enough. The location is as good as it gets for NYC, the rooms are small but perfectly formed, the staff are pleasant, the breakfast is lovely...the hardest part was convincing yourself to leave it every morning!	
Jan 28 2008 	Amazing serivce and beautiful hotel	This hotel was everything that it promised to be, and more. The location is fantastic, right around the corner from Grand Central Station. It is situated in a beautiful brownstone building on the corner of Madison and 41st, and the interior is just as elegant as it look on the website. The second floor lounge is a great place to relax after a hard day, the hotel provides free wine and cheese there every evening from 5 - 8pm and you can just grab a good book, rest your feet and enjoy the surprsingly good wine and prosecco on offer. Breakfast is also served in the second floor lounge and is quite basic, but certainly does the job - especially in city where most hotels are room only. There is a good choice of cereals, bagels, buns, pastries, sweet or savoury spreads, eggs, delicious fruit salad, juices, and different flavours of tea and coffee. We requested the room that we wanted in advance and were told that staff cannot promise any particular rooms in advance - however, we were lucky and got our first choice anyway. As most other reviews have pointed out the rooms here are tiny, but they are perfectly formed and very comfortable. We were on the 9th floor and you could hear traffic noise, but this is a small boutique hotel in New York City, you expect to hear some noise and the benefits more than make up for the small room and the traffic noise.Perhaps the greatest asset of this hotel are the staff, they booked restaurants and attraction tickets for us, nothing was too much trouble. Everyone was so friendly and helpful and gave a very personal service. We would definitely stay here again, and recommend it to anyone visiting New York. A general tip for getting around in New York, don't be afraid to use the Subway, especially staying so close to Grand Central. It was much easier and cleaner than we expected and at $24 for a week pass it was by far the best way to get around. In the evenings we caught cabs everywhere - but they are also much cheaper than we expected and easy to just flag down (but make sure you know the address of anywhere you are going - not one driver we had could have got to restaurant just on its name)	
Jan 27 2008	book for life	Myself and the hubby are fairly seasoned travellers and with work I have to stay in hotels on a monthly basis, so 1 hotel begins to look like the rest, well not so here. The hotel itself is very unique in style and has a 14th floor that would entise you to not move from the hotel for the length of your entire stay (fire at night, conservatory and outdoor eating area) The rooms in the hotel are smaller than normal but it really cant be the reason not to stay here. Hotel is extremely clean and its location is extremely central to pretty much everything in New York (one block away from grand central station). Above everything we cant say enough about the staff, extremely friendly and more helpful than I could ever credit them for (and not in an overbearing cheesey way). Its my 3rd time in NY and we both agree if we go again, we will book here again. The breakfast is included and the coffees great!	
Jan 22 2008 	Lovely hotel and staff except for hotel room ventilation/heating system	Our party of three stayed five nights in a Jnr Suite at the Library Hotel in early January. We had made a room floor request when we booked through the hotel's website, but we did not get any of the three we requested. However, check in was smooth and quick. Room Accommodation:The Jnr Suite was adequate, though space was limited. We shifted the coffee table to the side and used the sofabed and also the king size bed. The king size bed was very comfortable, though the sofabed could have had a better mattress. The bathroom was a nice size with plenty of essential items including shoe shine, cottonbuds, and the usual soaps and shampoo etc. We also got two complimentary bottles of water in the bathroom each day. The street noise wasn't too bad from our 6th floor room. Our only negative with our stay was the psycho ventilation/heating system in our room - the first two nights were freezing and the last three nights were swelteringly hot. No matter how you adjusted the temperature control it did what it liked.Business centre and wi-fi:We brought our own laptop and found the free wi-fi access useful. And the room safe was big enough to securely store our laptop when we went out. We also used the free business cetnre on the 2nd floor which had a printer stocked with fresh paper. Very handy for online check-in and also printing out information for sightseeing etc.Reading Room, breakfast and refreshments:The 2nd floor Reading Room where breakfast and refreshments are served is fantastic. A brightly lit and well-furnished room that looks onto Madison Ave, and also down towards the NY Public Library. We used this room constantly as the Jnr Suite can get a little claustrophobic with three people. The breakfast is wonderfully prepared and presented, with a great selection for a continental breakfast, and the staff go our of their way to accommodate. Throghout the day you can also enjoy complimentary teas, coffees, pastries, biscuits, and fruits (usually apples, bananas and oranges). The wine and cheese is pretty good too - about 5 different kinds of cheeses, two choices of wine, grapes and bread, biscuits. The best thing is that you have a friend or family in NYC meeting you, they are welcome to enjoy the complimentary wine and cheese with you.Location:The location was good. Nice part of midtown away from the noise and hype around Times Square. Also good for transport on subway, cabs and buses. Easy walk to lots of sights as well. We didn't find any particularly good eating places around the Library Hotel, but we found it very convenient to use the Grand Central subway and cabs to go to better eating locations in Soho, Greenwich, Chinatown and the Meatpacking District.Other facilities:If youre a book lover you will find something to read... the selection wasn't as wide as I expected, but there are books scattered throughout the 2nd floor, lobby, in your room and in the Poetry Garden and Writer's Den on the 14th floor. The 14th floor was very cosy during the day and had a more hip feel when the bar was open in the evenings. Both areas were much much smaller than I expected. Complimentary bottled water on the 14th floor is a nice touch.Staff:Staff throughout our stay were polite and helpful. Some were more genuine than others. We really loved the ladies working on the 2nd floor who prepare all the food and refreshments.Stay again?:Would we stay here again... probably, yes.	
Jan 21 2008 	attractive comfortable great location terrific stay	We celebrated my husband's 60th bday in NY, where he was born.Our family also booked into the Library - we were all very very pleased. The decor is simple and elegant - the staff are accommdating - the breakfast room and breakfast are wonderful - rooms smallish but gorgeous - bathrooms fantastic - the location was superb - the library theme was not &quot;Vegas-y&quot; or too cutesy. Our room was very very quiet. Prices are extremely competitive. Unless we win the Lotto we'll stay here every time we're in New York! Thank you, Library, for making the trip so great.	
Jan 18 2008 	Grand and Central	We cannot recommend this hotel highly enough. We arrived after a long flight and subway journey, probably looking tired and dishevelled. We were greeted warmly by the staff and offered a glass of wine to be sent up to our room. Each room has a different theme, which adds to the individual touches that can be found throughout the hotel. Our room was wonderful; clean and modern with every thing you could want. The bed was fantastic – never slept so well. Lots of lovely little touches too – a turn down service with the next days weather report for example.Sadly, we were too busy taking in the city to take advantages of all the services the hotel offered, such as the rooftop bar and the wine and cheese events. However, we can fully recommend the delicious breakfast, served in the library. Free internet access is also available as are tea/coffee and cookies at any time. All the staff we met were a credit to the hotel. Very friendly and nothing was too much trouble. I felt they genuinely wanted to make your stay as pleasant as possible, rather than the false “have a nice day” approach.The hotel is in an excellent location for all the major sites – just 5 mins walk from Grand Central station.We were really sorry to leave at the end of the trip, and if ever we go back to New York would definitely try to stay here again.	
Jan 15 2008 	Extraordinary hotel	I stayed in a petite single room at this extraordinary hotel in the middle of Manhattan from January 3 to 7. I loved everything about it and was surprised to find such a good deal in NYC. The free goodies like coffee (not just filter coffee!), tea, cakes and not to forget the wine and cheese offered in the evenings made my stay even more worthwile. The room was small but just perfect for a me alone and I liked the styling and the super nice bathroom. Every member of the staff was absolutely friendly and helpful. I'm definitely planning on going back to this great (small) hotel!	
Jan 15 2008 	Just got back and can't wait to return!!	Arrived on a BA flight from LHR - JFK at 4.30pm and was checked through security and in a cab winging our way to the Library Hotel by 5.10pm, a quick 40 minute taxi ride with amazing city views (keep your eyes peeled just before you go into the midtown tunnel!) we arrived to a very warm welcome from Bill and the other staff at the Library.What a fab place, warm, friendly and comfortable, with good facilities and a relaxed and homely atmosphere. Our Queen deluxe room on the 8th floor was small but perfectly formed with a really comfy bed and everything we needed for our stay.Close to all the good sights, one morning we walked 30 blocks up to Central Park and back!! but MSG, Empire State, Rockafella Plaza etc are all within a 10-15 minute stroll! There is a bit of street noise between 8am-10pm (this is a bustling city after all) so if you are a light sleeper or nap in the afternoon i suggest asking for a high floor at the back of the hotel or taking ear plugs but it never bothered us, after a heavy day shopping and sight seeing we didn't have any trouble sleeping at night!!The 2nd floor lounge with all day free coffee, tea, cappuccinos and pastries, fruit and cookies was excellent for relaxing in and reading the days papers.I highly recommend the 2 minute walk to Pershing Square (opposite Grand Central Terminal) for the pancakes or brunch.. gorgeous!All in all a fab little hotel, we are sure to be back soon!	
Jan 14 2008 	Loved It!	Loved the hotel and the staff. The concept is great-lots of fun for avid readers. We had the fairy tale room-very cute. The lounge is great and I LOVED the 14th floor area. What a beautiful, romantic spot inside and out. Great drinks! Madison and Vine was so nice to have right downstairs! We will be back for sure.	
Jan 14 2008 	A perfect haven in a manic city...	We stayed at The Library for 4 nights over Christmas and it couldn't have been better.All the previous reviews were spot on - the rooms are good sized and well equipped for New York standards, the breakfast very good, the wine and cheese in the evenings excellent and the staff...well...quite exceptional, and possibly the best staff anywhere we've stayed. They helped organise our Christmas Day dinner at the River Cafe in Brooklyn, and we couldn't have been more pleased. If you ever need a romantic dinner in New York, check it out...!The location of the hotel is great too and you don't feel like you walk too far to get to all the major attractions (Times Square, 5th Avenue, Macy's etc.) and with Grand Central 2 blocks away, commuting around Manhattan is a breeze.All in all I can't recommend this hotel enough and if we ever return, we will definitely stay here again.	
Jan 13 2008 	My New Favorite in NYC!!!	I have been wanting to stay at the Library Hotel ever since they opened and just got the chance due to a very reasonable discounted rate ($300 for a queen room) over the Christmas holiday. They did not disappoint!PROS:1. Fabulous staff - not just one or two but every single one. They were courteous, helpful and completely approachable in a friendly but not pushy way. They made us feel at home and I never felt as though we were bothering them as some hotel staff can make you feel. I don't often mention names in my reviews but these people were so stellar I must give them credit: Igor, Monique, Marlene, Manuela and especially Arman, the eminently polite bellman who seemed to work 24 hours a day while we were there. Sorry if I missed anyone - if you were working 12/24 - 12/27 you should be included in my cudos. One day it rained and Arman was at the door with beautiful umbrellas to hand out. Exceptional service and attention to detail. Owners - you have one terrific staff - be nice to them!2. The absolutely ingenious idea of a hotel based on the Dewey decimal system. It was very cool! I didn't get my requests of Fairy Tales or Paranormal but it was fun at check in to run through the choices until I found one I liked. I turned down Manufacturing, Dinosaurs and Libraries and ended up in Romance Languages. As much as I want to keep this gem my own little secret I haven't been able to stop myself from telling everyone about the design of this hotel. Awesome!3. The free (yes free) continental breakfast, snacks, wine and cheese that are available to all guests in the beautiful 2nd floor lounge. I had not a penny of additional charges on my bill when I checked out. I can't remember the last time that happened. So when you think the rate is too expensive don't forget to account for the free stuff.4. Rooms were beautiful although small, remember this is NY. My daughter and I had a queen room and it was just big enough. 5. Location is great at Madison and 41st right in the middle of everything.CONS: (These are more like minor suggestions and would never keep me from going back.)1. I was a little disappointed that the rooms were not more individualized. The only difference appears to be the handful of books specific to the room. You've got this great concept why not take it further and make the room more specific to the subject. At the very least there should be a lot more books in the room: on every surface and yes in the bathroom as well. You know, us readers like to read in there. 2. Madison and Vine restaurant was very expensive but only so-so. To be fair I am not sure the restaurant is even owned by the hotel so it's just a heads up. Best pizza I have ever had was right around the corner - I think it was called Bravo Pizza. 3. Regular rates are still a little on the expensive side even for NYC but I guess it's supply and demand...Well that's it. Believe me folks I travel a lot. I go to NYC about once a month for both business and pleasure and this hotel is the best I have ever been to in NYC. I will look forward to many more visits to this wonderful hotel!	
Jan 13 2008 	Amazing little hotel	We stayed in the Library from the 25th of December to the 4th of January for our honeymoon.It was the most amazing little hotel. The staff are wonderfully friendly and will do anything for you. We emailed the hotel before we arrived and they organised basketball tickets, hotel reservations and every little request we had.The room we had was one of the suites. Although not the biggest of rooms it was perfect. The bed was the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in. The little chocolates and weather reports at the end of each were a lovely touch.The breakfast and wine and cheese were always appreciated and just the right amount, especially in a country know for excess!When we return to New York in the future we will always stay in the Library and it made our honeymoon the most perfect holiday in the world.Thank you to all at the Library.	
Jan 11 2008	Impeccable as always	My fourth time staying at The Library; that should tell you everything! Thanks Igor, for giving us exceptional service!	
Jan 9 2008 	Relaxing stay	Arrived late on our first day and was pleasantly surprised by the friendly welcome from reception. Even though we arrived just after the wine and cheese had finished, we were offered a plate of cheese and wine in our room. The library on second floor was another haven, somewhere pleasant to hang out. Good selection of books around the hotel, tea, coffee, pastries and biscuits available 24/7. The location of the hotel made it convenient to drop in during the day in between various activities and have a short break and quick snack. Saved a fortune not frequenting Starbucks. Breakfast is described as continental which it is, bagels, Danish pastries, yoghurt, cereal, fruit salad, fruit, hot and cold beverages. Went at different times during stay and didn't have a problem with food availability as it was regularly refreshed. A knock on the kitchen door would get something that had just run out replenished. If you are expecting an American style breakfast and/or table service then plan to eat elsewhere. Stayed in two rooms types one the Petite Queen and the other the Deluxe Queen. Yes the rooms are small, but for short stay perfectly acceptable,clean and well laid out. I found the beds to be comfortable. If there are two of you and you like hanging your things up then the Petite Queen is not for you, as it only has a single closet. The Deluxe Queen has adequate closet space, on par with most hotels I've stayed in. The bathrooms have all that you need and the amenities provided are a nice touch. There is some noise from outside, but this is New York and I didn't find it intrusive. The heating was effective and relatively quiet. If you are used to radiator style heating systems you may be bothered by the noise of fan based heating system. There was a DVD player in the room and free DVD library, as we managed to pick a week when there were no movies out that we wanted to see, it was nice to catch up on some that we hadn't seen. Two computers with free internet and print facilities on the 2nd floor was also very handy.If you are arriving from JFK then the direct bus to Grand Central station one way $15 return $27 is worth considering as its only a 5 minute walk from the hotel to the stop. Much cheaper than the super shuttle and a bus every 20 mins or so.To summarise, I had a really good time, would stay again if I'm in New York.	
Jan 9 2008	Will go back!	We stayed at the library hotel just after New Year and it was a fantastic hotel. We loved the breakfast, the wine and cheese, the rooftop bar. The staff was attentive and courteous. The location is central in New York and very walkable to a lot of sites. We would stay here again in a heartbeat.	
Jan 8 2008	Loved the Library Hotel	Stayed at the Library Hotel for New Year. Great location - one block from Grand Central and a 10 minute walk from Times Square. The deluxe room was clean with some nice touches (i-pod dock, chocolates, turn down). We have stayed in other New York Hotels and like the more quiet, intimate atmosphere of the Library Hotel. Contrary to a previous review, we did not have a problem at breakfast time with lack of food. We felt that the selection was fairly described on the hotel's website. The complimentary cheese and wine each evening is welcome. The staff were very helpful, especially when planning our transfer to the airport at 5pm when the New York taxis change shifts (the bus from Grand Central is much easier). The hotel restaurant, Madison &amp; Vine, was adequate but nothing special compared to the great selection in New York. We would have rated the Library Hotel as a 5, but there was one negative. The hotel guests were not able to use the bar on New Year's Eve (this was reserved for people who had purchased tickets for the restaurant at $250). This was surprising, given that we had paid for the room and we presumed, the use of facilities for the duration of our stay.	
Jan 7 2008 	Perfect place for NY getaway...	We have recently stayed at the Library for six nights and would highly recommend it.The room we stayed in (402) was perfectly presented, with ample space for the two of us and our three suitcases. The bathroom was larger than expected and spotlessly clean.The maid and turning down service were excellent, especially as they managed to turn our chaotic state of room back to its original pristine condition each day.The communal area on the 2nd floor is a perfect place to relax, grab a coffee, muffin etc. mid running around Manhatten and the wine / cheese evenings each night are a great start to an evening on the town.Breakfast was very good with all that you would expect from a basic continental buffet.All the staff were very helpful without being intrusive, and provided good advice on excursions / restaurants etc.Overall there is not anything significant to fault about this place and we will definitely stay here again when we come back to NYC.	
Jan 6 2008 	I love this hotel	I heard NY hotel rooms are so tiny, not clean, and staffs are not kind.But my preconception had gone when I could have a pleasant trip to USA with Library hotel.The room was small but comfortable, towels are new and clean, I couldn't find any dusts or hairs in the cleaned bathroom.staffs are frinendly, and breakfast was very good.I want to stay again.	
Jan 5 2008 	What a Great Find in New York!	We recently had a fantastic stay at the Library Hotel - what a great find! It is cosy, quiet, welcoming and in the most fantastic location. The staff were friendly and helpful in every way. The rooftop terrace bar is the perfect place for a pre-dinner cocktail and the reading/breakfast room, which is also open for coffee/tea throughout the day and for pre-dinner drinks and snacks, has just the right mix of homeliness and luxury. In a city oozing with hotels this one should not be bypassed.	
Jan 3 2008 	Best staff one could hope for	I was really expecting big things from this hotel once l read all the great reviews. I must say the staff are ALL EXCEPTIONAL. They really are so helpful,extremely friendly and warm.The hotel is so central you couldn't wish for a better location. The only drawback l would say is the rooms and bed are sooooo small, but apart from that the rooms are very clean,well appointed. I would stay again without doubt but would make sure in a larger room.	
Jan 1 2008 	Wonderful Honeymoon Destination	My husband and I were looking for a good honeymoon hotel. We stayed at The Library on the recommendation of a good friend. We were very pleased with our stay. Each of the rooms has its own theme, and is equipped with theme-related books. When my husband made the reservation, he booked us into the larger &quot;Love&quot; room with the Erotica Package, which included many tasty and fun amenities. The staff was very friendly and helpful upon check-in. The complimentary daily wine and cheese reception was fantastic, as was the complimentary breakfast. The rooftop bar is very expensive, but a wonderful place with views of the New York Public LIbrary and the beautiful expanse of Madison Avenue.Our reservation actually included two rooms. The &quot;Fashion Design&quot; room was the same basic configuration as the &quot;Love&quot; room, but was a bit larger. The &quot;Love&quot; room has a lovely terrace overlooking Madison and 42nd. In lieu of the terrace, the other .006 rooms have more floor space - very large, in fact, by NYC hotel standards. Both of our rooms were very comfortable. The beds where plush, and the linens seemingly new.Finally, because of horrible winter weather, we had to leave our hotel a day early, after the standard checkout time. The hotel staff was unbelievably helpful. The doorman braved the elements and knee-high deep snow and actually found us a cab. And the hotel desk clerk did not charge us for the last day of our stay. Excellent service with no problems.	
Dec 31 2007 	Horrible Beds; Uncaring Management	I booked this hotel based on the great reviews here at trip advisor. This would be mine and my partner's third christmas in New York. We planned to stay seven nights. After our five hour flight, we checked into the hotel (Room 1201) and wanted to take a nap before enjoying the city. The room was tiny as mentioned in previous reviews (even smaller than other places you can stay in NYC) but overall adequate. However, we found the bed to be unbearably stiff and uncomfortable. The pillows also were flimsy and not nice. We realized that we would not enjoy our trip if we had to spend so many nights on such an uncomfortable bed. I have traveled all over the world and stayed in hotels from Europe, US and Australia. This ranks as one of the worst if not worst bed I have found. We decided to go over to the W Tuscany, which was much better. King size bed, heavenly bed, 31&quot; LCD and room three times the size.The real disappointment came when dealing with the management. I didn't feel it was fair to pay the &quot;early departure fee.&quot; I can understand if we had not shown up or left early for no reason but we immediately told the front desk we did not like the bed. Well, after calling several times, and no one calling me back, Peter the general manager finally called me. He pretty much told me that he would not remove the charge, would talk to the owner and would call me back. I'm still waiting for that phone call. This should be a warning that if you don't enjoy your stay and want to leave, you will be charged and management won't care.	
Dec 23 2007	Sad stay	I wish that I can agree with the previous comments. However I can not say that I will return to this hotel again. Beautiful hotel small but clean rooms and the second floor is a plus.But the service just was not there. The front desk was snotty at times and not very accommodating. :-(	
Dec 21 2007 	Enjoyable night	Only really stayed one night and it was a very nice Botique hotel. Staff were good and the room was in excellent condition.	
Dec 20 2007	Quite simply just the best	My partner and I arrived at the end of November for a 3 night stay, after booking the hotel through 'Mr and Mrs Smith'. This was our first ever visit to New York and we were determined to have every aspect of our trip as perfect as possible, and The Library most definitely didn't disappoint.From the moment our taxi pulled up at the kerb we were made to feel incredibly welcome and the staff couldn't have been more accomodating or helpful.We had a deluxe queen on the 12th floor that couldn't be faulted. The bathroom was immaculate and the bed was one of the comfiest I have ever slept in. The quality of the pillows, duvet and linens didn't escape my notice and the Ipod docking station was also an appreciated touch. I concur with others that your first impression of the room is 'blimey, that's a bit small', but to be honest we didn't find it a problem. There was ample room for our suitcases, shopping bags and clothes, and to be frank if you're going for a romantic break away you want to be cuddled up close together don't you! The in-room hairdryer was better than I expected. My one from home actually didn't work as effectively and it was a complete waste of me taking it as the one provided was perfectly adequate.The location of The Library couldn't have been better placed and we were able to walk everywhere that we wanted to go, and after a heavy day pounding the pavements it is no exaggeration to say how fabulous it was to make our way to the 2nd floor for a glass or two of champagne or wine and a plateful of grapes, cheese and biscuits.As I have already said the staff really are what help to make this boutique hotel outstanding. Sadly for me, I got caught short 'red flag' wise on our first night and after an initial panic I donned the fluffy white bathrobe from the bathroom and padded down to reception at approx 4am. The guy behind the desk immediately put me at ease and thankfully had a secret stash of the necessaries discreetly tucked away. Now that's service! I then made my way back to the 2nd floor, now being fully wide awake, and it was sheer heaven to curl up on one of the chairs, flicking through a complimentary copy of Vogue whilst sipping on a latte, readily available from the fab machine and watching as New York slowly began to wake. As the staff were discreetly preparing the continental breakfast (which I found to be pretty damn good as I munched my way through cereal, yogurt, fresh fruit and pastries every morning) they didn't bat an eyelid at the strange woman with bed hair wrapped in her dressing gown, and ensured that my coffee was continually refilled!The rooftop bar, although pricey, was a lovely little haven to escape to and the hotel's restaurant, although we didn't eat in it, was busy for all three of our nights.We really were very sad to leave The Library and will most definitely be back! It's an incredibly special place.	
Dec 19 2007 	A beatiful stay	We stayed at the Library for 5 days at the end of November during our holiday in NYC. The hotel is very nice, clean and original. We asked for a specific room (the website describes the rooms, each one has a subject :) and the management has satisfied our request. The room (the 905, &quot;Geography and Travel&quot;) was comfortable and clean, the furniture looked as new, the bathroom had a bathtube with a shower. The hotel is conveniently located in Midtown, very close to a lot of interesting and useful places (Bryant, Rockefeller, Grand Central, Central Park, subway, etc. etc.) . We are very glad we chose the Library, the value of a hotel is a sum of many factors, last, but not least, the people at the desk, always nice and ready to help for every need.	
Dec 13 2007	Shhhhh Don't tell anyone	It has taken me a while to write this review mostly because I would like to keep the Library Hotel a secret. This hotel is really the best place in all of Manhattan. From the moment we walked in the door to our last goodbyes at the front desk The Library was an amazing experience. We have stayed in many five star hotels and I think five stars are not enough for this hotel. The rooms were spotless, comfy and cozy. The staff was very professional, knowlegeable and just all around nice and kind. The location is terrific. The breakfast and wine and cheese hours were very well handled. It was so wonderful to be able to start your day with their breakfast and end or just get your evening started with wine and cheese in their library. Don't ever think twice about booking a room at The Library. It is worth every penny and more. After our stay at the Library we now dream of returning to Manhattan and The Library Hotel...	
Dec 13 2007 	One of the Best hotels we've stayed in!!	We have just returned from a five night stay at the Library - and I can't rate this hotel high enough! The staff were all very courteous and extremely helpful, and the location could not be better - easy walk to all shops, empire state etc - and just round the corner from Grand Central.We've stayed in a lot of five star hotels around the world - and this beats a lot of them!Lovely rooms, great breakfast, and the nighlty cheese and wine was a huge bonus, after a busy day sightseeing.Would recommend the hotel to everyone!	
Dec 11 2007	loved the library hotel	We stayed at the Library Hotel over Thanksgiving and it exceeded our expectations...and we are picky!!!! Agree with everything in the last reviews. We had a junior suite on the 8th floor which had double aspect windows and an amazing view. There was no noise from traffic or elsewhere. Breakfast was great as was the complimentary wine and cheese. The staff were all incredibly helpful, remembered our names and went out of their way to help us. We cant recommend this hotel enough.	
Dec 11 2007 	The Library delivers - again!	This was our sixth stay at The Library, and this will be my sixth review. I only wish I could give it 6 Stars, because this hotel deserves it. All of the reviews that rave about this place are absolutely correct, and I can only reiterate their compliments. For this review, I will focus on the friendliness of the staff. Upon our arrival, the bellman recognized us from previous stays and gave us a hug. It was like we were coming to visit friends. During our visit, we spent some time in other, very high-end hotels. The stuffiness of the staffs with their noses up in the air only reiterates that The Library gets it. Provide a superior product with great customer service and your business will be rewarded. Well done Library - again.	
Dec 10 2007 	New York's Never Been So Good	We've stayed at some lovely hotels in New York but this little gem is just about the best! When you arrive, a top-notch staff introduces themselves and is at your service throughout your stay. The rooms are on the small side but perfectly laid out to utilize every inch of space. The bathrooms are actually quite large and marble and rich woods are everywhere. The most unique amenities are the simply lovely wine and cheese hour (actually three hours) in the evening and a continental breakfast in the morning that will knock your socks off. The location, as others have noted, is superb. We wanted to see some of the Christmas sights and we could walk to all of them e.g the tree at Rockefeller Center and the Christmas shops at Bryant Park.We were really sad when they closed the Stanhope Hotel last year and thought we'd never experience that kind of hotel hospitality in New York again. Happily we were wrong. We've found the Library Hotel and our new home away from home in New York.	
Dec 10 2007	Fabulous Hotel 	My Mum and I stayed at The Library for 4 nights in late November for my 30th Birthday! The Hotel was fabulous and exceeded our expectations. Staff were friendly and knowledgeable and the rooms were clean and well appointed. We were on the 12th Floor and it was so quiet we were even able to sleep with our windows open without the sounds of the city disturbing us! We could even see The Empire State Building from our window!The location of the hotel was fabulous - right on Madison Avenue and just a block away from Grand Central Station, Bryant Park and the fabulous shops on 5th Avenue. We walked almost everywhere during our stay there and felt we were close enough to the action without being right in the huslte and bustle of Times Square.The hotel facilities are fabulous - the breakfast and complimentary wine and cheese from 5:00pm to 8:00pm in The Reading Room are the perfect touch - and just what you need to give you an energy boost amongst all that sightseeing and shopping.We've already decided to return to New York next Thanksgiving and will be staying at The Library Hotel!	
Dec 8 2007 	perfect hotel	We stayed at The Library for 5 nights and it was a fantastic location for our first time in NY. Easily walkable to 5th Av shopping, central park, empire state, bloomingdales, macy's, barneys etc. We were able to walk everywhere we went, even back to the hotel from financial district. It is the best way to see NY.We had a deluxe queen and it was slightly on the small side but this is NY and we were prepared for this. Plenty of room for luggage and to move around though. I was surprised at how little street noise we heard, given that this is NY. The staff were also very helpful and friendly.The public areas were lovely (reception, breakfast/reading room and rooftop bar). We also had dinner in Madison &amp; Vine, the restaurant and it was lovely. A cool atmosphere with an &quot;after work drinks&quot; vibe.I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone wanting a great midtown location.	
Dec 7 2007	perfect	Great central location within easy walk of Fifth Avenue for shops and Central Station for the metro. Plenty of good, reasonable restaruants within walking distance. Staff very helpful and friendly - informal atmosphere and like a home-from-home with tea and coffee available in the reading room 24/7. Rooms full of nice touches like iPod/radio player, slippers etc. Would certainly stay there again and the best hotel I have stayed at in NY, having been there 7 times.	
Nov 27 2007 	Excellent	Excellent hotel, in good location, staff excellent, will hopefully return. The Library on 2nd floor was a welcome retreat from the cold and crowds of shoppers, it was nice to be able to help yourself to a hot or cold drink and nibbles. The wine and cheese served 17.00 to 20.00 was a great idea, and all free of charge.	
