	Great location Huge room snotty concierge and front desk	We are a world traveling gay couple and rarely find homophobia. Upon arrival at the hotel we were greeted by a young lady at the front desk. She asked us three times if it was correct that we wanted a king size bed. When we assured her that it was correct she sneered and looked like she was going to be ill. Maybe she was, to her defense. It was not a warm greeting.The next day we asked the concierge what time the TKTS discount broadway ticket booth in Times Square opened and he said he had no idea and walked off. That stunned the both of us. Later on in the day a different concierge was on hand and was very helpful. The room was huge, comfortable and clean. The location can't be beat. We will recommend this hotel for friends but will probably stay somewhere else on our next visit to NYC.	
	It was like home	I really really liked that hotel, it was in a very nice place, easy to reach with any means; the service was perfect , the price is effordable and worthy and people very gentle.	
	Beautiful Hotel but RUDE Front Desk Personnel get it low marks	The hotel was surprisingly beautiful but the woman at the front desk was horrible. She misdirected me to my room and when I went all over the hotel trying to find it, she kept insisting that he directions were accurate. It took her colleague to notify her that her directions were flawed and even with such notice she still didn't apologize but only looked down at her computer. Later I needed to call the front desk and this same person answered - she quickly interrupted my conversation with a response and hung up. Beautiful hotel but this staffer should be working in a MOTEL, not a hotel. I recommend this hotel but be mindful of the rude staffers	
	Apparently Many Folks Think They're Leona Helmsley	I stayed this past (2009) Thanksgiving and have no complaints whatsoever.The room (king smoking on the 14th floor) was very large and comfortable and clean.My best tip?**The Roosvelt deli at the west end of the block. Cheap, friendly (!), open 24/7.I think it's safe to assume the property will be renovated as part of Holiday Inns' &quot;makeover.&quot; When they do so, if they ask my two cents' worth, I'd bring up two things:1) Brighter lighting, and 2) Ice machines on every floor -- currently they're staggered.Meanwhile, I must say I liked it. I travel more than I'd prefer, but I would definitely stay at this property again.	
	Basic Accomodations....you get what you pay for	This is not a bad hotel by any means...it is just very basic and run down. The decor is old and drab, the location is by no means great. However, its not far from Columbus Circle, so if Central Park is your choice, you are right there. Unfortunately, I got stuck with this hotel on Hotwire. Sometimes you get good, sometimes you get bad....this time it was drab.	
Nov 24 2009 	Will not go back	If price is all you care about, then this is the place for you. We were booked into this hotel by our company because of the price but could not wait to leave. The wifi connection was so terrible that I had to go to a local Starbucks to get any work done. The doors on the guest rooms slam so hard when they close so loudly that the walls shake. The walls are paper thin and you can hear everything around you. When you get off the elevator you are hit with the smell of old hotel. We were not impressed with anything at this hotel. The rooms were decent size and the breakfast in the restaurant was okay. We had one concierge that was great but the next one we spoke to was too busy counting money to give us the time of day.	
Nov 22 2009 	A great deal.	I booked this hotel because it was a Holiday Inn and was in an affordable price range for a short stay in NY. I was pleasantly surprised. The staff was very helpful &amp; accommodating. The hotel was clean, quiet, and comfortable, and it was located near the places I needed to go. Its not a fancy place but was great for the price.	
Nov 19 2009 	Very good hotel close to main locations	Very good quality/price relation. Clean, spacious room and very good location	
Nov 18 2009 	More than we bargained for!	I had stayed in this hotel previously in 1991 and enjoyed the location and easy access to the areas of the city we were visiting - but what a scruffy, run-down establishment it has now become. There is a peculair smell in the lobby area and the corridors and rooms are delapidated and showing their age. Chipped paint, peeling wall-paper and frayed carpets were a feature of our room along with a major infestation of bed-bugs which bit me extensively! They did agree the room would be fumigated following my complaint but they did not appear surprised to hear about the additional room occupants! If you know what is good for you - STAY AWAY!	
Nov 17 2009 	Great location and fine hotel	I was a little worried after reading some of the other reviews, but this hotel turned out to be perfect for us. We were walking distance to Central Park, Times Square, Rockefeller Center, etc which made life easy for us. The hotel room was clean, but a little dated. The cleaning staff were amazing! The front desk and the concierge were not overly friendly, but don't let it deter you from this hotel. I would stay here again!	
Nov 16 2009 	Complete rip-off	This hotel is very basic and not in a particularly convenient part of town. Our party of 12 stayed for just two nights before embarking on a cruise. One night we met in the hotel bar for a drink. The barman was asked for two Scotch &amp; Drys. Without any comment, he poured two measures of the most expensive Whisky he could find. We were charged USD40 each for the whisky. I think he hoped that being in a large party we may not notice, but when we asked him what was the average whisky he had to admit it was USD11. His tip is included in the bill so obviously the higher he got the bill the more he received in tip. No one at the hotel was able to help us as the bar is administered separately to the hotel and the regional manager would not be visiting until after our departure. Be careful about what you order in this hotel as they are there is get as much of your cash as possible.	
Nov 15 2009 	Not as bad as	some of the other reviewers found this hotel. Frankly, after reading some of the reviews, I was very apprehensive about staying there. Arrived as the NY 40th Marathon was ending and many of the runners seemed to have chosen this hotel for its proximity to Central Park - a big bonus, particularly at this time of year - glorious Fall foliage. If you have a thing about smoking definitely stress 'non-smoking room' when booking and Tower A. Internet access is expensive $1 x 4 mins (and the system cheats when it comes to printing boarding cards!). On balance I would definitely stay here again and recommend it to friends - central to just about anywhere in Manhattan. If you want a really good experience with city tours, small groups, exceptional guides and drivers go for OnBoard Tours, www.newyorkpartyshuttle.com/tours - great.	
Nov 14 2009 	ok price clean rooms location good hotel could need renovation	Did check in late, then our room with twin beds was already taken, but the staff where helpful and gave us another room for the first night, also got free breakfast because of that. 3 star hotel, and ok price compared to others I could find at the specific time. The lobby looks good while rooms and hallway could use some renovation perhaps, but to me it didnt really matter. The rooms could also perhaps use some sound isolation, because we could hear people that where out in the hallway or in room next door. Free wireless internet is included. In overall, for price and location this was quite ok.	
Nov 11 2009 	Good Value - Great Location	As a first time vistor to NYC I was not sure what to expect after finding this hotel at $150 per night - which seemed a great deal compared to most other Manhattan hotels I researched. I was there for a 5 night stay with my wife and 2 young kids. On arrival staff were friendly and we were pleased with the room which was spacious enough and clean. As other reviews have highlighted, the decor is faded and a little tired, but at this price in Manhattan I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel as long as you're not looking for luxury - and if you are then pay the (significant) extra $$$'s so you won't be disappointed. On reading some reviews it seems to me that some are expecting more than what they paid for - it's a Holiday Inn at a discount price after all. In our experience, even with young kids, you'll be out exploring NYC most of your time and the hotel is for crashing in at the end of a tiring day.We did not use the restaurant at all during our stay, so I cannot comment on the service or the food. There are too many options for eating out in this city so staying in a hotel to eat did not appeal to us. The location has to be the best thing about staying in this hotel, we loved the fact that we could walk to Columbus Circle subway station in a few minutes and hop on to get anywhere in the city. Central Park is also within a short walking distance, and the Times Square and Theatre District is only a 10-15 min walk away. There are also restaurants, pubs and diners nearby when you want to stay close. The neighbourhood is pleasant and safe and not too noisy. We were out with the kids after dark many times and did not feel at all threatened here.To sum things up, this is a good value hotel situated in a great location for tourists. If I ever come back to NYC, I would definately book this hotel again. Just don't expect luxury for this price in Manhattan.	
Nov 9 2009 	don't do it	location is nice but goes from bad to worse once you walk through the door. staff very surly and unhelpful. tried to charge me $100 more per night than confirmed in writing. room and hallway had a very strange smell. rooms very run down. so bad that i checked out immediately and went to another hotel. intercontinental chain should be ashamed.	
Nov 7 2009 	Very impressed	The hotel was in a great location. The rooms were clean and spacious. We stayed 5 nights and our maid brought us fresh towels and tidied the room everyday. We had breakfast coupons so we ate breakfast at the hotel. The breakfast was good, no problem w/ service. The bar was expensive, $7 for a beer and $12 for a cocktail. Did not hang out at the bar due to this. Found a great bar 1 block from hotel w/ better prices. (DJ Reynolds Irish pub) Lots of great restaurants around the corner. a diner across the street, my husband walked into the diner the morning we left and got us a cappuccino, very good. some street noise during the day, but it seems to quiet down around 10 pm. Would stay here again.	
Nov 3 2009 	MUST READ Hotel is ok but not as great as portrayed	My wife and I stayed at holiday Inn Midtown for 10 days. She had surgery at Sloan-kettering and was confined to the hotel for 5 days. The Pros good location for tourists, ok for us. Cleaning ladies are stars of the hotel extremely helpful and kind. Hotel meal was good. Staff all apprear professional and orderly. The Cons room has damp musty smell, Air condition off do to (season change) it was hot!! We had windows open all week at least the 6 inches they would open. Good sleep was hard to come by due to the noisy new york traffic just outside. During our stayed we saw one full grown roach run across the floor. The hotel does have a wheelchair my wife could use but customers are not allowed to take the wheelchair outside (it was useless). After my wife surgery the Dr ordered us to stay in new york an extra 3 days; However Holiday Inn was no help on extending our stay. We made resevations and move to another hotel a few blocks away. No continental breakfast. Meals were pricey and not included with rooms	
Oct 31 2009 	Location: Excellent Rooms: OK Everything else: Poor	We stayed here in mid October for 5 nights. When I booked the hotel I had requested a high floor, non smoking room. We were given a smoking room by mistake, which we instantly got changed to a non smoking room fairly easily. The new room (which didn’t smell) was in the main tower on the 8th floor.The 3 lifts in the main tower were very busy early in the morning when everyone is going out for the day. Waiting several minutes for the lift or trying to cram yourself into a packed one wont be uncommon.The room we were given was also right next to the lift shaft so the dull rumble of lifts going up and down could be heard but thankfully stopped during the night…which was the only time when it really mattered as we were out sight seeing all day.As the other reviews have mentioned this hotel is in desperate need of renovation, specifically the lobby and the hall ways on all floors. They look tired and depressing.The rooms were large, clean, had a comfortable bed and were of the typical “Holiday Inn” standard which is what I was expecting so no complaints there. They were missing a room safe though which i did find odd.The plumbing in the bathroom was a little outdated and I found the shower getting excessively hot whenever I heard a toilet flush in a nearby room.This is by no means a 5 star hotel so don’t go there expecting that. The location is excellent and for the money I paid, I was fairly happy with the whole experience. I’ve also uploaded a video of our room which you can watch.When we checked out we left our bags at the hotel as we had a evening flight and wanted to do some more exploring on our last day. The bellman offered to arrange a car back to JFK for $60 (tip included). I’ve read on tripadvisor that some people were put off by this but I actually thought it was a good deal and took them up on the offer. The ride back to JFK at 4:30pm took about an hour and 20 minutes and was in a nice SUV.I paid $60 for a cab from JFK to the hotel (flat rate + toll + tip) and I’ve heard that getting a cab back to the airport would be difficult as no one will want to take you anyway so the car make sense to me.If I was to return to New York I wouldn’t stay here again, only because there are better reviewed hotels in more or less the same area for the same price.	
Oct 31 2009 	very good	When we checked in the staff were very friendly and helpful. When we got to our room it was very big and clean and the beds were very comfortable however the bathroom was just ok it needed redecorating. we didn't have any meals at the hotel and the other thing is that you have to walk quite a bit to the nearest subway station.	
Oct 31 2009 	Faded and tired	We travelled across the USA on a tour organised by Great Rail Journeys of York between the 7th and 27th October 2009. We had 3 nights in New York at the Holiday Inn Midtown.We thought this was a hotel in big need of refurbishment – the decor was dark (greens, deep reds and browns) and faded and tired looking. While we were there a large number of new mattresses were being delivered! Our room was clean and was adequately serviced. The bathroom was ‘old fashioned’ with extensive use of plastics in the bathroom and with an erratic shower but both queen sized beds were comfortable and gave us a good nights sleep. TV reception was poor and we could clearly hear the family next door. There was no in-room safe. We didn’t eat in the hotel and the Pool was closed for the season. The concierge was helpful but on arrival it took the staff over an hour to deliver our luggage to the room.	
Oct 29 2009 	Good Location But No Smiles :(	This hotel wins on price and location! You can't argue that it represents good value and the rooms/bathrooms are more than adequate. However, it is greatly let down by the staff who treated us as if everything was too much trouble. We had booked 2 rooms for a family re-union each travelling from opposite ends of the world but in spite of booking some 4 months ago the hotel could not put us on the same floor. Caution to others: As we were travelling on flights from different parts of the world we arrived at significantly different times. As I had made the booking the hotel would not allow our family to check in until I arrived, in spite of them having a copy of the booking confirmation and the same surname. They were also charged for leaving their bags in the hotel until we arrived.On one occasion our room hadn't been serviced (OK, we accept anyone can make a mistake) so we went down and asked for some shampoo and coffee (one complimentary coffee is given each day), when this was finally brought to the room the person went off with the huff because we did not give a tip for something that should have been done anyway. Bell staff were also keen to push guests into unofficial overpriced &quot;taxis&quot; as opposed to the cheaper yellow cabs. Throughout our stay we never got a hullo or a good morning and we were given to feel that guests, far from being paying customers were just a nuisance. We did however like having a coffee machine in our room and an ice machine in the corridor. From here we moved on to Holiday Inn By the Falls in Niagara in Canada, where the difference in attitude of the helpful staff was like a breath of fresh air. Visitor's tip (and New York runs on the other sort of tip so this is the only one you’ll get for free): If you stay here, try the Morning Star Restaurant for breakfast (turn right when you come out of the hotel, cross the road and it's on the corner), it's good value and the staff are all very helpful with suggestions and ideas on where to visit (it's a shame they did not work in the hotel!I would recommend this hotel on price and location if it was not for the staff.	
Oct 27 2009 	Fine hotel great location incl roof pool!	This hotel is fine for a holiday. The rooms are small (like all Tourist hotels) but OK.Great is the POOL at the 14th store with a view over the city. Great after a day shopping in the heatness of june!	
Oct 19 2009 	Tired	Part of a longer journey to USA - stayed 3 nights.Extremely poor reception with non American staff. Overall impression of the hotel was that it needed a refit - drab. Very good sized rooms.Position good for Opera and Central Park but out of the way for other attractions and not particularly well sited for the subway. Did not eat in the hotel as breakfast options available locally	
Oct 15 2009 	Convenient but that's about all.	My partner and I stayed for a week in September in a north facing room (no direct sun for most of the day) Very dark ; the room had a distinctive damp smell the entire time (even after cleaners had been through). The bathroom was particularly bad. Ended up buying deodoriser from the corner store. The room itself was tired and the hotel needs a renovation at some point. No effort was made to present towels etc in an aesthetically pleasing way. When we arrived these things were just strewn over the bath rail as if staff did not care. Other hotels pay attention to these sorts of details and are standard for rooms of a similar price. Perhaps for $300 a night that's what you get in NYC ?I will say though the concierge team were helpful and the housekeeping staff were pleasant as well . However, the porters did not acknowledge us or offer to help in any way the entire week. In fact they were more interested in leaning on their desk and talking amongst themselves. No attempt was made to help us with our luggage when we arrived. On our second day we ventured up to the pool area and were greeted by what I think were pool hands who looked like they had been dragged off the street. ( they were not wearing uniforms and could not be identified by name tags which in itself is a worry as they could have been up there to rob or harass guests) They made no attempt to acknowledge us our offer us assistance and were clearly hostile young men. We ended up leaving the pool as we felt unsafe and unwelcome . Again, in this context one would think front of house staff would at the very least smile rather than grimace at guests.Finally, while the condition of the hotel is not totally offensive it is rather tired. The porters and pool staff made me feel so uncomfortable I would not stay there again. The reception staff (except the woman who checked us in) were indifferent and reluctant to offer information on the odd occassion we made a request.I have on a previous occasions stayed at the Holiday Inn in Soho and had a far superior experience to the one I had at the mid town location for less than what I paid at Holiday Inn Midtown. In fact had I not have booked a non refundable advance purchase room (big mistake) I would have left after 1 night and gone to Soho as their rate through Expedia.com was cheaper for the week we stayed.	
Oct 15 2009 	Great Place For Tourists	If your visiting New York for a week or less I would recommend this hotel, sure it's nothing special but it's reasonably priced and in a good location. If you're like me then you only want somewhere to put your head down for the night as you'll be out sightseeing etc., and this is the place for just that.The hotel is about 10-15 minute walk from Times Square and there are plenty of places to eat, on 7th &amp; 8th Avenue, again within walking distance.Also, I would mention that this hotel seemed to be on one of the more quieter streets in New York, which does help, as New York is probably the noisiest city I've ever visited, so you'll be glad of the reduced noise.	
Oct 8 2009 	perfect location	It was a great location-near Central Park and a reasonable walk away from Times Square. The rooms were good-sized and it was clean &amp; mod priced	
Oct 8 2009	New York city in August	We stayed at the 57th st Holiday Inn and what a great neighborhood that is in the summer. Just a quick walk away from Central Park, and Lincoln Center. A block from the subway. Overall a great trip. That hotel is nasty though, and we stayed there based on reviews from Trip Advisor, so I don't know what's going on with that. The swimming pool was saving longue chairs for &quot;members&quot; of the pool. Not hotel guests. We had to sit over on the &quot;sun deck&quot;, but there were no chairs there. The pool was a scam. Just accept that there is nowhere reasonable in Manhattan with an outdoor pool.	
Oct 5 2009 	Spot on Location and Great Value	Stayed here in May - booked direct on hotel website. Got room on top floor with amazing views of the city. Left curtains open at night just for the viewRoom bigger than I had expected and very clean. Downside - not enough lifts. Very handy for the subway and only 20 min stroll to Rockerfeller Centre. Would stay there again without a qualm	
Oct 4 2009 	good value clean facilities. Will stay again! NEW MATTRESSES SEPTEMBER 09	travelled with my wife and two young kids to New York. Booked the holiday Inn becuase it was not ridiculoulsy priced like a lot of New York Hotels. VERY happy with it, clean bacthrooms, clean rooms, nice pool and for everybodies information as we left (september 8 2009) they were changing EVERY mattress in the entire north tower for a brand new one.I seem to find a lot of whingers on this site who want the Waldorf Astoria on a Holiday Inn budget, If you want the best then open your wallet. But if you want good, clean and honest accomodation that is a walk to central Park, 9th avenue restaurants, even Times square then you cant beat the Holiday Inn.and the restaurant served a very reasonably priced breakfast!	
Oct 4 2009 	Do you like BIG cockroaches?????	We stayed at this Holiday Inn for 2 nights-- we got a good deal on the internet, and the location seemed good-- close to public transportation and a block from a PINKBERRY! :) It's an older hotel, so it was showing its age. It was very noisy, and we heard every time someone on our floor flushed a toilet. Both nights, at 4 in the morning, we were awoken by people running down the halls and screaming and yelling to each other. We would have been okay with that, however the second night our daughter woke us up screaming because a 3 inch cockroach was crawling across her face. We caught it. When we checked out, we brought it to the manager, and he was not impressed. He did not even apologize, and simply looked at the cockroach as if it was a normal occurrence, shrugged, and said, &quot;There's nothing I can do about it,&quot; with a bored countenance. We will never stay there again!	
Oct 4 2009 	OK - if your only sleeping there!!	This is a very dated hotel in need of a refurb. The rooms were clean enough - but with no air con it was pretty stuffy. We opened the windows at the few inches that they would allow and ended up covered in mosquito bites, which was pretty uncomfortable for the rest of the holiday. If you plan to be out of the hotel most of the time and will only use it to get washed/showered etc and sleep there the its ok, although it is a bit out of the way, but there is a subway a couple of blocks away. The only saving grace really was that we were just around the corner from 9th avenue which has a lot of really nice restaurants and bars where the I was told the New Yorkers eat and drink - we tried a few and they were extremely nice and prices weren't too bad either!!	
Sep 27 2009 	location excelent	After reading all reviews of holiday inn i was not happy about going.What a great surprise i got.We booked with american holidays that could have made a difference in the accommodation we got.Our room was very spacious clean and excelent view from the 17th floor overlooking the swimming pool and the bay to the right side and new yorks skyline.We never closed our blinds once as we were fascinated with what we could see.I was very worried about people saying the smell of tobacco all over the loppy and on the corridors i dont know what part of the building they were in.The building is old but is well kept clean fresh towels every day sheets changed when we wanted.Bathroom is small but you can live with that as we did for five days.i found every one to be very helpful.I will definitely stay there again.	
Sep 24 2009 	I couldn't wait to check out!	I had arrived in New York at about 10pm and was just staying for the one night at this particular property, I must have received the last available room in the hotel as it was on the floor above street level and SO loud... The bathroom was was tiny, and the bathroom sink was located OUT of the bathroom next to the room door, just by itself... very strange. Not very private if you are going to share a room. The next morning, I woke to scratching noises.... and yes, as I rubbed my sleepy eyes, I peered down to see a rat run across the floor. I ended up building a pathway of furniture around the room so I didn't touch the floor!! Needless to say, I packed my things in record time and checked out. When I checked out, I informed the staff of what had happened, and I kid you not, they looked at me, then continued to type away on the computer - NOTHING WAS SAID. I am a frequent traveller and have stayed in numerous properties around the world, this is certainly one that I would not recommend. An absolute rip off for what you get in return.	
Sep 21 2009 	Good stay in a handy location.	We stayed at this location as the starting point for our roadtrip to Cape Cod &amp; Boston, the hotel is a good average hotel, nothing to really shout about but a great base to explore the city from, no major issues, our room was clean &amp; well maintained, plenty of room for our family of two adults &amp; two children, the rest of the hotel was also clean &amp; seemed well maintained, the only stumbling point was the elevators, only 4 elevators in a large hotel full of tourists adds up to a wait ,I know this but all the same bit of a pain at times.The rooftop pool was great &amp; had a small bar serving drinks &amp; simple snacks(hot dogs,ice cream e.t.c) a nice touch when the weather is hot.As I have already said one of the good points is the location, we easily walked to several places with no problem including Central Park &amp; Times Square from the hotel,Check in/out easy &amp; quick , maid service very good , all in all a great place to stay when visiting NYC.	
Sep 19 2009 	Good value	I give this hotel 4 stars mainly for its value. I prepaid and got 5 nights for $135 per night which is an absolute bargain. Hotel is in an excellent area, rooms whilst old are clean and large. Had quite a few dealings with different staff and found them all very courteos and helpfull. Pool area was clean and relaxing and was one of the reasons I booked the hotel. Would stay here again if I got a good deal again	
Sep 18 2009	A good deal and love the location!!	When I booked this hotel, I was very skeptical after reading other reviews. I am a Priority member and I stayed in the Tower A twice. One time at the lower level and one time at the higher level. Yes, you can hear the slam of the door and people talking outside the hallway. The elevator was ok for us. Only one time around 11:30am when a lot of people checking out, the elevator was slow. Other times were fine. There a little places like lamp, or remote control not working, or mold on shower curtain, but that did not really bother me. I guess I am not a fussy person. The service is not friendly, but I expect that from New York City. All I care is the location and the big clean room. One time the doorman asked us if we want taxi and he got hotel limo for us to go to La Guardia and charged us $35 which I felt I got ripped off. (when we come back to the city and took taxi by meters, it was only $27). So, next time we went to JFK, we got cab ourselve. Because the location, it is very easy to get a cab on your own. You save the tip for the doorman. I would stay at this hotel again because the price is good and love the location and don't need to be crowded with other tourists in places like the hotels in Time Square.	
Sep 14 2009 	Good value for money	We have never been to New York and went for our 25th wedding aniversary. After reading reviews on small rooms decided to go for a well known chain, the fact it had a pool on the roof helped (not that we had time to use it much but an added bonus). Very helpful staff, clean rooms and good location.Deboragh and Stuart North East of England	
Sep 13 2009 	Not very good!	The room was clean, but the bathroom.... IUt needed major renovation; the toilet bowl was disgusting..The lobby also needs major renovation.This hotel is convenient only because of its location. It is not worth more than $50.00 the night...	
Sep 10 2009 	Good Clean hotel	We stayed at this hotel back in August.....I have to say the rooms were very clean...It is not a 5 star hotel but the location is pretty central to many attractions. The staff were very courteous although the lady at the desk when we first arrived was a bit standoffish, but perhaps we were all tired from a very long trip and we were a bit hypersensitive.The cleanliness of the room made up for it though......On one instance I left a little note for the cleaners to clean the glue off from around the toilets and to my great surprise they did. The corridors and elevator leading to the rooms were not so terrific but I would give this hotel a 4 star for overall cleanliness and location.	
Sep 9 2009 	You are in New York! its a place to crash after a busy day!	We arrived after midnight and were very tired, the night receptionist was lovely very helpful he checked us in quickly and efficiently. They had double booked so put us for the first night into a top floor suite, i was quietly disapointed on seeing this as it had two rooms but only one bed and a pull out sofa bed. We looked for extra bedding and there was none apart from a sheet and a pillow already on the pull out bed. Who cares we were so tired it didnt matter! the next day we were moved to a 7th floor room and that was fine.The rooms seemed clean, they provided an ironing board, hairdrier etc normal things.There is an ice machine on the 7th floor. There is no mini bar.I am used to having a safety deposit box in the room and was disappointed to have one in the reception area, so didnt bother and kept my stuff with me.It would have been nice to have a kettle in the room, perhaps thats just a British thing, its quite sad but we bought tea bags and boiled water through the coffee maker(you have to be quite resourceful).Breakfasts were ok, you are seated on arrival in the dining room and offered orange juice and tea, coffee or chocolate.Most of the menu involved an egg in some form or another, the pancakes were nice and the french toast was lovely! They always offered just Corn flakes but there were quite a few others so just ask.Every thing was charged separately and we had a priority club card which had points accumulated on it and this provided a discount of $10 off the bill.(it normally cost around $20.00 for 2 of us each morning.The location was really good its near most of the attractions we only had one taxi and walked back every night from the Time Square area.We regretted only turning right out of the hotel every day when on the last day we discovered the amazing cafes and resturants when you turn LEFT! This hotel was practical its all you need if your priority is sightseeing and sleeping(recovering from blistered feet!). Sign up to the Priority Club card through this chain of hotels as we had accumulated enough points to benefit from 2 free nights and a discounted breakfast. (It all helps as you can spend the extra on a good show or some Comedy Club tickets.	
Sep 5 2009 	Very happy with my stay	Stayed here for five nights on my own during a trip to New York on holiday. Check in was quick, friendly and efficient. Room was clean and had quite a cosy feel to it for a place of this kind. All the cable channels were on the TV. Housekeeping was faultless. I didn't try the breakfast. Rooftop pool was a reasonable size and had a lot of sun loungers available for use (NB - pool is only available during summer months). Overall, the place felt welcoming and at about £90 per night represented decent value for NYC. I would definitely consider staying again.	
Sep 3 2009 	Not a nightmare...just a bad dream	We chose this hotel strictly for its location and price point so we didn't expect much since we just wanted somewhere safe and clean to sleep in that was in a good central location. The hotel delivered...but BARELY. Stayed from August 31 to Sept 3, 2009.First the good:As mentioned the location and price were definitely acceptable. Very safe and close to the subway and points of interest like Central Park. Housekeeping was very friendly and always greeted us with a smile. The room was spacious (we were in tower B). We didn't have time to use the gym but it is very well equipped (privately owned) but free for guests. Head east to the end of the block and you'll find a fantastic diner called Morning Star Restaurant. Family owned so the service was &quot;New York&quot; charming (and I mean that in a very good way). Not much to see from the outside...not much from the inside but the food was perfect and the service very very friendly. I regret not remembering the two waiters names but they are really good guys. So friendly and helpful, feel free to ask them for any advice, directions or suggestions on what to do. This price was also very reasonable unlike many other flashy diners.The bed was very comfortable and the a/c worked well although despite being a little bit noisy.Now the bad:For us, customer service is very VERY important. The parking guys were okay but I was not impressed with them leaning on our car as we unloaded our bags ourselves (bell hops were no where to be seen). I guess they really didn't care since they don't work for the hotel but for a contracted parking company called Apex. On a brighter note the cost of valet parking was reasonable ($25/day) and we did get our car back quickly without any noticable scratches. We interacted with 3 different front desk people on 3 different occasions and each clerk we spoke to never offered a smile or anything that resembled warmth....in fact one of them actually stopped smiling as I approached them. They did their jobs but honestly, how hard is it to be just a little friendly? HELLO!! You are in the HOSPITALITY business! A small fridge will cost you $10/day. I discovered this when I called to request one but decided to think about it. The next day I decided to invest in the convenience of a fridge since the ice machine was not on my floor (the one above was broken but the one on the floor below was barely working). This time they inform me it would cost me $25/day. I attempted to clarify why it was $10 yesterday and today it was $25...they respond &quot;we are sending one up now&quot;. &quot;Well how much will it cost&quot; I reply, to which they respond &quot;complimentary&quot;. I still don't know what exactly happened there but this is one of those times when 2 wrongs actually do make a right...The wifi at this hotel is very VERY slow and inconsistent. There isn't a wired option and sometimes it would give you a message that too many users are connected!The bathroom....NO counter space and an interesting stench...a body order / urinal like bouquet greeted the nose upon entering the room. The entire hotel also had a unique aroma...old cigarette smoke complimented with cheap air freshener with a delicate touch of must. The decor was also very depressing and in serious need of renovations.Summary:Decide for yourself if this is the hotel you would like to stay in. As for us, in the future we will invest a little bit more money for the niceties that this hotel apparently cannot deliver.	
Aug 31 2009 	Run by idiots! Disgusting hole!	When we arrived at the hotel we were asked for out credit card as security and told we would not be charged for the room until the end of our stay, which we were happy to do. Later that evening when I went to purchase something on my credit card I was astonished to find that the Holiday Inn had cleaned out my credit card! I demanded that the funds be credited back to my card immediately and the staff were rude and dismissive and simply refused. I had to have family transfer money from overseas because the hotel had cleaned me out!!!! When we arrived to our room we were over come by the smell of cigarette smoke. When I informed the front desk that we did not book a smoking room they were again dismissive. We were placed on the 14th floor and most of the time the lifts were not working. It was on average a half hour wait for a lift and the fire escape was locked so that wasn't even an option. It was so bad that we needed to factor in &quot;lift time&quot; to our daily plan. The room had minimal lighting and amongst the smell of stale cigarette smoke you felt like you were living in a cave. None of the power points worked and neither did the T.V. The overall appearance of the hotel is depressing and run down. The staff are all suffering from chronic depression and the concierge just shrugged her shoulders when asked to recommend some activities. I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone. This hotel ruined my holiday. It's dodgy and disgusting.	
Aug 29 2009	Non smokers beware!	First time in NY and looking for a bargin 3 night 4 day break. This hotel fits the bill. Friendly helpful staff, roof top pool although we were too busy sight-seeing to see it, good location, spacious rooms which I believe are a premium in the Big Apple.If you book with EBOOKERS, who were great and efficient, remember to read the small print because even if you book a non-smoking room with them they can only request it to the hotel.YOU MUST RING THE HOTEL DIRECT TO REQUEST IT!14th floor stinks of stale cigarettes!!!!Once in your room its not quite so bad.We couldn't change rooms as they were full and had to request new pillows as they also smelt. Didn't ruin our fantastic trip but just wanted to pass on the tip.Also dont bother with the transit bus from JFK to Manhattan. We had to wait 30 mins for a crowded stuffy mini-bus.Take a cab, it must be worth the extra few dollars.Fantastic trip. Good hotel Already saving to return.	
Aug 21 2009 	Wonderful stay!	What a lovely place to stay in New York! The location is the best, staff friendly and helpful, room was clean and spacious...The hotel is located only a couple of bloks away from Central Park and metro station is close too. You could easily walk or take a train to see spots further away. There are nice places to eat breakfast, lunch etc. close to the hotel. We didn't eat in the hotel but would have tried that too if we had had more time. The staff at the hotel was very friendly and helpful. Especially the concierge who helped us with musical tickects and many other things. Our room had enough room to fit three friends in the same room easily and it was clean. The bathroom could use a little renovating but it didn't bother us. We saw the pool on top of the hotel and it looked nice and clean but we didn't have time to use it. If I ever go to New York again I'll definately stay at this same hotel.	
Aug 19 2009 	Acceptable stay again	We stayed here again for one night to attend the NY International Gift Show. The check-in staff were friendly and efficient. Our room (1140 North Tower) was large and clean. The furnishings were a little worn but acceptable. The air-conditioner worked better this time. We had to ask the front desk to turn off the message light on the phone--I couldn't get it off. I also asked them to repair the deadbolt while we went to dinner, but this repair wasn't accomplished during our stay. The concierge wasn't very helpful in finding a restaurant--we were told just to walk down 9th Ave. But overall the hotel is a great find--both for value and location.	
Aug 18 2009 	What a lovely surprise	As the title says, it was a lovely surprise after reading some of the reviews on here, I was quite anxious about our trip after some peoples opinions but i needn't have worried. The hotel was clean, the rooms were large with very comfortable beds/pillows. Ideally situated in quiet streets away from the hustle and bustle, but also within a short walk too.The concierge was extremely helpful in checking our flight times and confirming with the airline that we would be travelling, he organised the transport to the airport (limo) at not much more than 2 taxis would have been for 7 of us.Food: Europan (turn left on 9th Ave)great for snacks if you have just arrived and in need of something quick, try Brooklyn Diner they do the most amazing scrambled egg and polenta. The sight seeing tour bus (circle line) was the best money we spent 2 day hop on hop off with tour guide - brilliant.I wouldnt hesitate to recommend or go back to the Holiday Inn - free safety deposit boxes too!!!! And the pool, what a bonus just what you need after a long day on your feet, shame it doesnt open a bit later though.	
Aug 16 2009 	Great Value 100% recommeded	This hotel is a little gem in very expensive Manhattan, very close to EVERYTHING! We just walked and took metro. I also love that this hotel is participating in a Linen Reuse program which saves water and energy to our planet as well as reduce waste water an chemicals...well, since I travel with my little children, one of them had an&quot;accident&quot; at our second night so I just placed the sign &quot;Please change linens today&quot; in my door and voila! The staff was also very helpful, the room was spacious and very clean, well, maybe they could use new carpet...The restaurant was good. We bought breakfast coupons, it was very useful for us. Im very pleased and happy with my stay at that hotel. Just note that they don't have refrigerator or microwave in the room(I've stayed in other HI across the country and they do), so we ended up renting one, 10 dollar per night because we needed milk and juice for the children, it was cheaper keeping it in the room than buying at the restaurant . I mean, it is not 5 stars...but it is extremely good for what you pay!	
Aug 13 2009 	A Pleasant Midtown Surprise	I took my kids to Manhatten for a few days of sightseeing, and wanted to be central, with short cab or subway stops to most attractions. This hotel is very close to Columbus Circle and Central Park, and not too far from most midtown attractions like the Museum of Natural History, St. Patrick's Cathedral, Empire State Building, FAO Schwartz and Times Square (with Toys R Us). The neighborhood is mostly residential so the streets were relatively quiet. The front of the hotel is on 57th St. between 9th and 10th Avenues, and the back is on 56th St. With two blocks of rooms, all rooms are either on those two relatively quiet streets or facing the other tower, so street noise is minimized.There are some small shops and eateries around the hotel, and of course it being a Holiday Inn they have a restaurant on site, but we didn't use it at all. The brand pretty much determines it will not be a luxury facility, and as is typical of the brand, it is a popular destination for foreign tourists, so if that bothers you I wouldn't stay here. Overall though I was expecting much worse for the price. We stayed a Sunday and Monday night and paid about $128/night plus tax, which seemed pretty reasonable for the location and time of year.	
Aug 12 2009 	Great hotel	We stayed here for 2 nights. Everything was great...especially the price! I got the room for $119!!!! On the internet with AAA discount! This was a great rate for NYC! It is very convienent to anyplace you want to see! It was clean..Check in and check out was very quick! We got to the hotel around noon and immediately was given our room. Had a few drinks in the lounge, it was nice...only thing missing would be a free breakfast! And the rooftop pool closed at 6pm. Would be nice to stay open at least till 8 especially for kids.	
Aug 5 2009 	Great value with a pool!	We traveled with our 12 year old daughter and one her best friend, 13 years old friend. We needed a hotel with a pool, even in New York, not easy to find at a reasonable price with 2 double beds! I usually prefer a 4* hotel than a 3*, but this one is a great value, especially in Midtown, close to everything. Good size room, and a outdoor pool on the 12th floor! The girls thought it was great, and so did my husband and I. The whole personnel was great, same for the front desk personnel and the concierge. Great family value.	
Aug 4 2009 	Would definitely stay again!!	After reading the other reviews about the hotel I was a little skeptical about what I was getting myself into. But, upon arrival I was pleasantly surprised about how great the hotel actually was! The lobby is open concept and very clean &amp; friendly, our room was ready early (no waiting), we requested a refrigerator and it was installed not 5 mins from arriving. Our hotel room was very clean and we received great service every day... fresh towels, beds made etc. The hotel felt very secure as anyone who comes in after midnight has to show their room key and check out was a breeze. We requested a later check out which wasn't a problem. And after once we were all packed up, we left our luggage in the bag check which felt completely safe and it was FREE. All the staff were VERY nice, which made our trip run smoothly and more enjoyable.	
Aug 3 2009 	Every service has its own price at this hotel	We booked our room through hotels.com and requuested for 2 double beds, when we arrived they said they don't have any and request is not guaranteed (thank God they still have non-smoking) - the front desk lady was not very nice either. We asked for rollaway bedand waited for almost an hour for housekeeping. Apparently the request has to go through front desk because they charged $25/night (we stayed at the Hilton two nights before at different city and the rollaway was free!!). On the last day, we wanted to go sightseeing the city and asked for the bell service to store our lugagge and again they charged $2/bag more if it's oversized bag. As already mentioned by everyone else here the parking is $25/night, funny thing is we left our camera in the car and wanted to get it from the car ourselves but the rule of the valet is we weren't allowed to go to the car ourselves until we leave the parking garage. To top it off, when we were already checked out and wanted to fill out the gas, we found a scratch ding on the right mirror of the rental car!!!! We know it wasn't there before because when we rented it we did an inspection with the rental car salesperson and you can tell somebody was trying to cover it up with somekind of paint. DO NOT PARK YOUR CAR IN THE VALET GARAGE IF YOU WANT IT SCRATCHLESS!!!	
Aug 1 2009 	Excellent low budget hotel with pool	My wife and I stayed in the three days in the Holiday Inn and were happily supiorsed by the friendly and helpful staff. The room that we had was clean and for New York standards very large. The location of the hotel is ideal. You are in walking distance of the theatre district, Times Square and the Moma. The subway is just a few blocks away. We loved the pool, but were a little disappointed that it wasn&quot;t open longer.	
Jul 28 2009 	Safe area for a good price in expensive NY but nothing great about the hotel.	When we arrived from CA, we had been traveling all day and didn't get to the hotel until 1AM. We had reserved a NON SMOKING room w/2 double beds and had confirmation of that. However, we were put into a NASTY smoking room, where when you got off the elevator, you almost got sick off the smell. Our youngest son cried for about an hour because of the smell...not a great start. I ended up sleeping 3 hours and went to the lobby to try to rest. In the morning, I went to see about getting moved to a NON-SMOKING room and I was told there weren't any available even though the night clerks had told us we could move in the morning. After I was forceful and told them that they needed to find us a non-smoking room OR find us another hotel at the same rate we were paying, they magically found us a room. Once the manager arrived, I spoke with her about my conversation at check in and that I wanted the room fee waived for that night. She had the audacity to say, &quot;You were happy with a 20% discount last night. when you checked in.&quot; I told her that we didn't really have much of a choice since there was no manager on staff when we arrived and with it being 1 o'clock in the morning and because we were traveling with children, we just needed shelter. She ended up giving us 50% off for that one night and free breakfast in the hotel restaurant (nothing special). The rest of the stay was pretty much what other people have posted. Not an exceptionally friendly staff. Nothing special about the hotel. But, a very good price for where you are staying in a chain where you know what the hotels are like. With our AAA card, we got a rate under $140/night... that's pretty unheard of for the area for a family of 4. I would only recommend the hotel if you get a rate you can't beat in a hotel where you feel like you'll be safe and it's relatively clean. If the chance of being put in a smoking room is an issue for you, like it was for us, beware that it might happen and it might not be worth it.	
Jul 24 2009 	Great central location	The hotel was very nice and clean. It's location was walking distance to Times Square and Central Park. i don't think that a hotel should charge you to park if your staying at the hotel and the breakfast was expensive for what you ordered, but otherwise a nice place to stay.	
Jul 17 2009 	FANTASTIC - PERFECT LOCATION	Stayed here for ten days at the end of June 2009. We were in the smoking bit so naturally there was the lingering smell of smoke in our room but a couple of cheapo air fresheners solved that wee problem. We were 14 floors up so had a fabby view of part of the skyline all lit up at night not forgetting the perfect view of the independence day fireworks which others paid $25-$50 dollars to see ahem. The room was cleaned daily. Only downside was sometimes there was a wee bit of a wait for the elevator but hey ho being 14 floors up and only 3 elevators to serve them, what does one expect?Couldn't fault the location, about 10-15 minutes walk to Times Square, how fab is that? Had our breakfast at a wee restaurant/diner on the corner of 57th Street and 9th Avenue called the Morning Star. A quaint wee eatery run by mainly family members - ace food with fast, friendly and efficient service, just perfect to set myself and my family up for a day sightseeing in this fab city. Other fancy restaurants served the same food minus the ambience and &quot;crack&quot; for three times the price, we ended up having our dinner there every night. Big hello to George and Harry and Ron. Miss them all already.I luv New York, it was my third visit. If I was to go back, wouldn't hesitate to book a room in the Holiday Inn	
Jul 17 2009 	Good value good location.	I stayed at this hotel for three nights with my Mother, and two daughters, four girls in the room with two double beds. We ended up on the 11th floor which had a nice city view. I had booked another hotel, and switched at the last minute because the price difference was $300+. I am glad we switched because it was a huge savings and paid for all of our meals for three days. If you are sightseeing in NY, most likely you will not be spending any time in your room at all. We have two young children and were never back at the hotel before 10:00 pm, then went straight to bed. The room is good-sized, bigger than most I would say, fit all four of us nicely. It was not state-of-the art, or plush. It was average, but substantial, clean and served its purpose. The bathroom vanity area was small, my biggest complaint. The carpets could use some updating. I usually like a fairly nice hotel (at least 3-4 stars) but went with this one based on price. If you want a good deal, good location, and don't mind if it's not a plushy or trendy hotel, then this is a good place to stay. Also, we did the CitySightsNY Double-decker bus tour and loved it. It is a hop-on hop-off bus tour, and you have two days to use the bus. We saw almost all of the major sites in the city atop the bus, stopped at the places we wanted to see, and then hopped on the next bus. I would highly recommend that tour. Great way to see the city in a short amount of time.We loved NY, can't wait to go back!	
Jul 14 2009 	Absolutely Horrible	My husband and I chose this hotel for our first trip to New York. All I can say is...DO NOT BOOK THIS HOTEL. Customer service is HORRIBLE. The hotel itself is disgusting. As we were walking down our corridor, the smell of dust and smoke REEKED! Our room was so disappointing. Everything piece of furniture was dirty, grimy and disgusting. In short, the pictures on the website are deceiving...DO NOT STAY HERE!	
Jul 12 2009 	Long but Wonderful Stay	It was with some trepidation that I made reserations here. Some reviews glowed and some glowered. I am happy to report that my stay was delightful, and I have some answers for the naysayers.Room too hot in summer? Check to make sure your windows are closed. I noticed right away that a small side wondow was open. I prompltly closed it. this also lead to my discovery of the room darkening shade. Previous experieence has taught me that they can block out rays that can keep the room hot. Mine stayed shut for my entire six day stay.However, I noticed several open windows across the way in the south tower. Perhaps someone from the staff should go close those to keep the air in.This is not to say that the room temp is solely up to the guest. Holiday Inn management needs to look at shortening the floor length drapes to sill length. This will allow the drapes to close completely without blocking the AC. The drapes were flocked with an insulating maerial so the heat should be reflected outside, keeping the cool air in.Antoher issue I fretted about was smoke scented rooms. I brought along a bottle of Febreze. I thankfully did not have to use it. Yet, I have no doubt managment would have graciously honored my request to move if it had been necessary. And about the staff...they are efficient but they are not your best friend. When I needed help, it was there. Do not expect these people to be joyous on every occassion. They have a difficult job. Requests made with kindness will be met with the same.	
Jul 9 2009 	A nice stay in a great city	We stayed here for 4 nights and we were give this hotel by Virgin Holidays. The hotel lobby and main area is very clean and spacious, but once you go into the lifts and to your floor the hotel seems a bit old in places, the corridors did smell of a wierd odour. The rooms were fine and comfortable and the daily maids were very good. The bathroom was very small and the door did not close. Had no trouble with road noise and slept fine. The beds were comfortable. We had breakfast in the Gotham Cafe and it was very tasty and very resonable. Walking to the heart of NY - Timesn Square, took about 15 minutes. but it was a very nice area and walk. Would use the hotel again, but would look somewhere else first if could get a better price. New York is a wonderful city and everyone who visit will have a great time, can't wait to go back.	
Jul 6 2009 	good value not the best but definatley not the worst	I stayed here December 2008 with my 2 sister and mum for 4 nights for a christmas shopping trip. We all thought this hotel was quite nice but nothing out of the ordinary which might sound like we weren't impressed but in terms of value for money it was really good. The rooms were a decent size and were clean but they could do with a bit of updating. The only downside was that I thought that they were a lttle out of the way as on a map it doesn't look too much out of the way but in reality when we'd had a full days shopping and walking about the last thing we wanted was to walk back to the hotel. After a few days we used taxis which was great. To be honest if was to go again I'd go back to the Wingate Inn by Wydnham which we have been to as to location was spot on but if that was fully booked i'd certainly consider this one again.	
Jul 5 2009 	Excellent value and location. I would recommend this hotel.	We stayed here for 5 days in June 2009. The hotel is good value and in a great location: close to Central Park (5 - 10 min walk) and Times Square (10 - 15 min walk), there is also a subway station very nearby. The room was a good size and very clean ( cleaned daily ). The hotel staff were always helpful.I would recommend this hotel, you would struggle to get better value for money in Mnahattan, I would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 30 2009 	Dirty Hotel with Horrible Service	This hotel was chosen for a function we were attending. Prior to arrival, we attempted to change our reservations; unable to deal with a competent person - so 'assumed' we could do it onsite. WRONG. The customer service was horrible. Entering our room - it was dirty (dust, grime and a used cup); requested a room change to be told &quot;no&quot; ... demanded a re-clean - which they claim they did (but not to my standards). We thought about going to a new hotel, but there is no refunds given (period). Also, on our first night there were not wash cloths. We called the front desk and housekeeping for them to act like they've never heard of such items. We could go on and on ... but the bottom line is - we will never stay here again, nor would we recommend it to anyone.	
Jun 30 2009 	Please dont go there	Do stay here if for no other reason than the service is terrible. We booked the room weeks in advance and when we arrived they had the check out date wrong, a day longer than we were staying, then stated they couldn't and wouldn't alter it. We were informed that by booking the room we had to still pay for the day even if we were not there. Then we asked what if we cancel our reservation now and just get a room, they advised that they would still bill us for the 4 nights. As of yet we have not resolved the issue with the management. The room was fine for what it is, but I cant see us staying there again.	
Jun 29 2009	Well position hotel for tourist visit	Visited this hotel for a couple of nights as part of a UK tourist group. All the room facilities /cleanliness were good. The main lobby always seemed crowded with guests coming and going. Used the restuarant for breakfast which was adequate although some members of our group found the service very slow. found the bar prices extortionateHowever the hotel was well positioned for access to all the tourist parts of New York and was in a safe enough area. There were a range of small shops/cafes nearbye. If you are looking for a really good meal and drink without breaking the bank try Kennedys Irish pub 300 YDS along 57th St. As good a meal as I have had even in much classier places	
Jun 27 2009 	Terrible Service No Water for a Day Slamming Doors But a Great Location!	The negatives of this hotel overshadow the positives, so I will start off with the negatives.The bad: First off, floors 3-18 had no water for about 30 hours. This meant that if you went to the restroom before you realized there was no water that there was no way to flush the human waste down the toilet without water pressure.Second issue, guests would discard food trays outside of their rooms in the hallways. These trays would have discarded food on them. The trays would be in the hallways for days at a time. There were two on our floor alone, and one of them we had to walk by every time.Third issue, after walking by the same discarded tray of rotting food for over 48 hours, the smell started getting to my pregnant wife. So I picked up the tray and took it to the front desk so they could do something with it. I explained to the lady that the tray wasn't mine, and had been sitting in the hall by the elevator for over two days and that the food was starting to rot. Instead of apologizing, the woman at the front desk (where people check in) said, &quot;Why would you bring this to the front desk? What do you want me to do with this? (censored inflammatory religious reference) What nerve!&quot;Also, when the hotel floors 3-18 lost water, AC, and the ability to evacuate human waste from guest room toilets for about 30 hours most of the staff was rude and deceptive about the reason why and the amount of time to restoration. The staff refused to relocate me and my pregnant wife from the 12th floor to another hotel, and said that I was free to do so at my own expense. However, at the end of the trip they did refund me 50% (of one day) for the 30 hours we were without water, which is a satisfactory solution to me.The hotel also has a noise issue with doors. All of the doors slam so hard that they woke me and my wife up each time someone on our half of the floor entered or exited their room and allowed the door to naturally shut.Pool hours for the hotel were 10am to 6pm. You'd think they would be from maybe noon to midnight. My wife and I weren't able to make use of the pool because of the 6pm closing time.The elevators are slow and crowded as well and sometimes don't always function right.The good:If it wasn't for the horrible handling of the food tray situation and lack of water issue I would have had a very enjoyable stay!The best part of this hotel is the location. There are a LARGE amount of subway lines at the &quot;Columbus Circle&quot; station and you can actually access them from an underground tunnel that's at 57th Street and 8th Avenue (great if it's raining). You can quickly and easily use the subways to go anywhere, including Citi Field, The Brox Zoo, New Yankee Stadium, Anywhere in Manhattan. Also, you're within short walking distance of Times Square, the Broadway theatres, Restaurant Row, and beautiful Central Park.Although we received generally bad service, there was one very nice young gentleman that manned the front desk at night, he was a gem.The rooms aren't huge, but they aren't small either. The bathrooms are a little small and ours was showing ware, but nothing that was too bad. After all, it's a Holiday Inn, you're not there for a swanky bathroom.The TV's are alright and have lots of local and national channels to keep you entertained.While I had a few negatives listed about the pool above, it actually is a nice facility (just with bad hours). The rooftop pool, located on top the of south tower (perhaps above the 10th or 11th floor) has a great view of Manhattan and New Jersey. The pool facility is well maintained.The room cleaning staff, while they didn't fluently speak English, were very polite and did a great job of cleaning and replenishing the rooms with towels. The lady that took care of the 12th floor noticed we had the &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign because we didn't want room service each day and offered us towels when we came back to our room, which was very courteous and high-level of her.Also, the wireless Internet, while not blazing fast, was more than sufficient and much better than other hotels out there. It was easy to setup and use, and I was able to use it from my 12th floor north tower room.	
Jun 26 2009 	Great Value! Great Location!	We recently spent four nights at the Holiday Inn on 57th Street. We were pleasantly surprised at the location and cleanliness of the hotel. As we were arriving late, I emailed and requested a nice room with a view for our first visit to NYC and the staff was very accommodating. We had a lovely king room on the 12th floor overlooking 57th Street. We couldn't have been more pleased. The hotel is well within walking distance of many attractions and we felt very safe walking even after midnight. We ate breakfast in the hotel dining room and it was priced reasonably. The only inconvenience was the elevators which were small and slow. Other than that, we could find no fault with the hotel or the area. One thing that is a big plus for me is having windows that will open. We would definitely stay at this hotel another time.	
Jun 25 2009 	Great Location at a Great Price	We recently spent 6 nights at this hotel. The location was top notch. We could walk to the theater, Central Park, Times Square, the Lincoln Center and 5th Avenue comfortably. There are several good places to eat nearby. The hotel itself is a bit dated but the room was good size by normal standards and huge by NYC standards. The layout of the bathroom and dressing area was a bit cramped and could have been laid out better. The only real negative were the elevators. They are extremely small and if you over fill them, they will get stuck between floors. We found ourselves stuck on more than one occassion when, despite our warning, people crammed into the elevator. The value was tremendous- most of our nights were in the $150-$170 range. I have already recommended this hotel to several friends.	
Jun 23 2009 	I HAD A GREAT STAY HERE!	The Holiday Inn on W. 57th Street definitely exceeded my expectations. My room was small, but clean and well appointed, with great bedding. The staff was helpful. The gym is actually a serious, no-frills local gym located in the basement, very much like the one I go to in Los Angeles (Body Builders in Silver Lake). The shop in the lobby offers plenty of snacks and the prices are not exorbitant. I took advantage of the reasonably priced shuttle to JFK, but be advised that you should book your shuttle seat 24 hours in advance. The west side location is very convenient, a short walk to Columbus Circle and Central Park. Overall, I give the Holiday Inn 57th Street high marks. They are definitely making an effort in all areas, including pricing. This is a particularly good place to stay if you are a former New Yorker or know your way around the city and don't need to be babied.	
Jun 21 2009	NOT THE WORST BUT NOT GOOD EITHER	Very tired drab shabby hotel smells badly of cigarette smoke good location but thats theonly plus that I can think of	
Jun 15 2009 	Great Location at a better than average price	Stayed here for 2 nights with my family. The rooms were larger than the average NYC hotel room I've experienced. Check in was easy as was check out. I rated this at 4 because the price, location and room size couldn't be beat. Keep in mind that this is not a fancy hotel. It is a bit worn around the edges but it is clean and comfortable. I was not expecting much but was pleasantly surprised when I saw the property and room. The place was quiet. One negative was The A/C didn't work that well. Luckily it was cool the days we were in town. Our room was on floor 2 and faced the parking lot. I did not hear any street noise. Big plus is central location. I have an 8 year old and 5 year old and we walked a lot. The hotel is within easy walking distance of the park and Times Square. We walked from the Natural History Museum to FAO Schwartz to Times Square. For longer treks we used the subway. I gave my 8 year old a subway map and he guided us through. Subway is easy enough for an 8 year old to navigate. There is a subway station a couple blocks up at 57th and 8th ave. We ate breakfast in the hotel restaurant. I was not impressed with the restaurant at all. Food was average and service spotty. I'm still rating the hotel a 4 because I know better not to eat in hotel restaurants especially in NYC where food is on every corner. I would stay here again based on location and price paid.	
Jun 14 2009	Great place to stay	I've stayed here several times and continue to be impressed with the pre-trip help and the service when I arrived. For the price and what you get I believe it's the best deal in mid-town. You can get nicer but you also will pay $200-300 more. It's in a quiet part of town and five minutes from subways. A great deli is a two minute walk down the street with great food. Plus, you're a ten minute walk from Central Park. I can't recommend it enough.	
Jun 13 2009 	Would never stay here again or recommend it to anyone...	The hotel is old and smelly and dirty!!! I originally asked for a nonsmoking room and they gave us a stinky dirty old room. I requested the front desk for antoher room and was told that they normally wouldn't change the room but eventually they gave me another room. The new room still smelled bad with the wall papers peeling and the popcorn ceiling falling all over the coffee pot. It was disgusting but since the hotel had no other rooms available I couldnt request to be moved again. The air conditioning got my teenage son sick . The bathroom is small with molds on the ceiling and the beds are old and lumpy. I could go on and on and on. The only good thing was the location - it was walking distance to 5th avenue.	
Jun 12 2009 	Nice place for the price	We stayed here over the weekend and found it to be very nice and not too far from the main attractions. wee walked everywhere and only took a taxi at the end of the night to get back because by the time we did head back it was late and we were exhausted. Overall nice place if you are just looking for a place to sleep which is what we were looking for.	
Jun 10 2009 	Great hotel - no complaints	Myself and two other female friends stayed at this hotel and we were very pleased. The room was great and very clean. The bathroom couldn't be better. We paid $160 including taxes. I've stayed in other hotels for the same price which never even came close to meeting the standards of this hotel. I think this hotel is a real find for the money. The staff were all extremely friendly and helpful. They held our baggage after checkout while we explored Manhattan all day. I highly recommend this hotel. It is in a safe area, there is a nice restaurant for breakfast that is not too far, on 8th Ave near 55th street called the Applewood. There is also a very nice Italian restaurant on 9th Street near the hotel, Ralph's Italian Restaurant. The food was great and inexpensive. I think you would be happy with this hotel and its location.	
Jun 10 2009 	Great Value	Good sized rooms; didn't feel cramped. Only the bathroom was small. Walls were a tad thin as you could hear other folks slamming doors and such, but quiet at night. Free WiFi. Good water pressure, good A/C, clean rooms. Another guest said the pool is really nice. Great diners within walking distance. Very centrally located!	
Jun 9 2009 	Not as good second time around	We have stayed here before and thought we would on our recent visit to NYC. However, the hotel seemd to have gone down hill a little bit. Not in an obvious way, but more subtely. The room was not vacuumed once while were there (5 days) and neither were the sheets changed. Service was given if asked for but only if you tipped the staff. It just seemed to care a little less about the customer and more about how much money it could make than the last time we visited. We will not be staying for a thrid time at this hotel	
Jun 8 2009 	OK but if you need a taxi hail one outside don't ask the bell staff	Hotel was ok the room was very spacious but the bathroom was small and there was nowhere to put anything also the shower was a bit rubbish. This was my second trip to NY but the travel agent mucked up the original hotel and this was a last minute booking. Got great seats for broadway show via concierge. Breakfast excellent as we were on a b+b basis - lovely coffee and waiting staff. Only real negative was that the bell staff tried to rip us off re taxi to JFK. They said it would be $60 but the yellow cabs clearly state $45 + tolls and therefore we hailed one outside. The shuttle costs $24 per person to JFK and you spend half the day going round picking up people from other hotels so if you are not travelling by yourself I suggest springing the bit extra for the cab.	
May 29 2009 	tired and dated hotel	i stayed in the south tower which is tired and dated.the bathroom leaves a lot to be desired, the standing room in the bathroom was about 6 square feet, the bath is very small with mould on the tiles and paper peeling off under the sink however the room is large and the hotel is in a great location ,5 minute walk to central park and 10- mins to times square	
May 27 2009 	According the expectations	Hotel is well located close to Broadway especially if you like visit shows in Broadway theatres. 9th avenue's cafes and restaurants and Central Park are just in walking distance. Hotel itself doesn't offer any big suprises. Service is OK and rooms clean, but if you're looking five stars luxury this is not a right place to choose.	
May 27 2009 	A great hotel by US standards	Generally, I've found that US hotels aren't quite up to the standards that us Europeans are used to. This was a good hotel with friendly staff. Carpets needed renewing and bathrooms are small, but the hotel is generally good. Ideal location for exploring Midtown.	
May 24 2009 	If you are just interested in location you can't beat the price.	The location is hard to beat. It's a few blocks from Central Park in downtown Manhattan. If you're just looking for a safe place to lay your head, you'll have a difficult time beating the price.The rooms are older, but extremely clean and well-kept. They're spacious by NY standards. Our a/c was old and had a difficult time keeping up with the heat (might be a bigger issue in July/August). Other than that, it was comfortable. Bed was a little lumpy, but passable.Business Center is $1 per 4 minutes, but in-room Internet is free with your own laptop. The meeting areas are nice and appear to be newly renovated.Service is hit and miss. 100% of the people we saw employed inside the hotel were Russian (and most everyone outside was not). Some were polite; others were cold and impassive. One at the front desk was noticeably rude to the Japanese party ahead of me. No smiles or warmth, just efficiency. Perhaps the business clientele appreciate this; as tourists, we did not.Parking is expensive, about $30/night; it's about the same as anywhere else in the area, and at least it's covered and well protected.The pool (yes, a pool in Manhattan) is open during the summer only.Doormen were great, and a great source of information.If we had it to do again, we would stay farther out and take the train. However, you won't be able to beat their price for a safe and clean place to stay in Manhattan. They are almost half as expensive as everywhere else in the area. Recommended for budget travelers or those only needing a safe, clean place to stay.	
May 22 2009 	Excellent location large room for the price	This hotel isn't super modern or fancy--but what it lacks in style it makes up for in service and location.All the staff was helpful and the rooms were very clean. We stayed in a room with 2 double beds, which was huge (especially by NYC standards). Located just a few blocks from Columbus Circle and Central Park, close to Metro in a safe neighborhood. We ate most meals at the Whole Foods in Columbus Circle.My only complaints are really minor--slow elevators and expensive on-site restaurant. Skip the hotel food and venture out into the neighborhood--there are lots of diners as well and a McDonalds and Wendys down the street. Also, if you don't have a laptop, you have to pay per minute to use the business center computers.I plan to stay here on my next visit.	
May 21 2009	Not fancy but convenient comfortable clean with pleasant staff	My daughter and I went to New York to celebrate her graduation from University and we were pleased to find the hotel a good value for the price, convenient to Time Square/Broadway and Central Park. We found the lobby of hotel to be attractive, and the rooms quite well kept for an older hotel - and the only negatives were the hallways were kind of drab, the elevators were slow, and the bar was expensive (even for New York) . We were on the 7th floor and considering that we were in a busy area, the hotel was remarkably quiet. The staff were helpful and overall we were very happy with our four night stay.	
May 21 2009 	Great NYC Bargain	This hotel was a great find. It is only a few blocks from Central Park. On the positive, the location was good, it was safe, the service was good and the price was excellent (especially for two full beds in one room in NYC). It was not perfect. The rooms were dated which made them seem a little dingy. But the bedding, towels and linens were all clean. The first room we were in had a ceiling leak in the bathroom (exposed pipes and hole in ceiling). We asked to be moved, and were moved promptly, and given a free breakfast coupon. The second room had a strange layout, but it was fine for our needs. It was a great bargain, especially if you want a lot of space in NYC - the rooms were very large for NYC hotel standards.	
May 15 2009 	GREAT VALUE !	Just returned from 5 nights. This hotel is great value. Found all staff to be very friendly and helpful. Had room on 11th floor which was large in size and very quiet and had all necessary amenities except a fridge. Room was very clean and more than adequate for our stay.Concierge arranged a limo back to JFK which we shared with another couple for $60. For breakfat try the Moonrock Diner on next block left out of hotel or Brooklyn Diner 2 blocks away.Saw Jersey Boys on Broadway- Brilliant!Go up to Top of the Rock for great city views!	
May 12 2009 	Good enough	This is not a hotel with a huge wow factor - but it is really ok. We had a room on a higher floor and there was not much noice from the street. Nice neighbourhood and about a ten minute walk to Time Square. Room was ok, no lyxury but clean and comfortable.	
May 12 2009 	Good location. Bed only	2nd stay. Hotel is well located but dont expecte too much. room was musty but you re not in NYC for the hotel rooms!	
Apr 29 2009 	Great location and value	We initially booked on internet for 3 nights but extended to 6 . Only gripe was when we arrived we had booked non smoking but they only had smoking rooms left. We moved into non smoking the next day and sought compensation. We received vouchers for 3 (6) cooked breakfasts. Tariff on w/e $206 weekday $168 both include taxes. Rooms are large with dated but functional fittings.The beds were comfortable. Full size ironing board and free wireless internet but no fridge	
Apr 28 2009 	Better than just OK.	This is not a bad hotel. In fact, it is better than OK. But, it is a bit dated with dingy colors and wallpaper. The staff was very pleasant. We had a couple of issues. The pillows were that foamy stuff we dont like. I called and they were replaced with new feather ones. The hall smoke alarm kept beeping with a low battery. We told the housekeeper and it was replaced quickly. We noticed room service trays left in the hallways for very long periods of time. Not only is that unsightl and smelly, it is an invitation for bugs. We mentioned it downstairs and they were quickily removed. Our only real issue was the air conditioning. Not unpleasant, just never as cool as we like a sleeping temperature. It is close to the Metro so that was great.	
Apr 26 2009 	New York at its best the Holiday Inn was ok .	This was not my usual stay in a hotel it was me (the father) and my 16 year old daughter so when I walked into the room and seen just how large it was I was so happy, the last thing you need is to be squishing around each other in a room as I said she is 16 so spent most of her time in the bathroom and was not happy as that was very small not what she is used to at all at all lol We did not have breakfast there but if anyone would like a good place to go there is the Moonrock Diner Café when you come out the door of the hotel turn right and one block up on the left the staff and food are great.Back to the hotel we booked this hotel because of the price I got a great price on line paid up front and was very happy with our large room, Carl the Concierge was a great help even for the stupid questions lol.The hotel and rooms do need a make over its old old old but I found it to be very clean.You cant beat this hotel with a stick as for its location one block over and 2 up and your in central park and even by taxi its at max 9 bucks to times square we used a bus and Subway and a little tip if you have a subway ticket you can use it on the bus also.Look its New York and we had room 730 it over looked the road and no matter what your going to hear noise if you did not hear it your in the wrong city lol saying that it was not that bad.Over all I would stay here again for the price and location alone if I had been looking for some thing fancy “ forget-about it “.	
Apr 19 2009 	The Pitts	try to find somewhere else.This hotel is like a drive in motel .Needs a refurb .	
Apr 19 2009 	Lousy service check other options	Hello,We booked this hotel since we were able to use airline loyalty points. I wish that we would have made other decision.We are family with 16 years old boy. I have booked hotel room with 2 double beds and also had a voucher stating it. When we arrived to the hotel, we were informed that there is only a room with king-size bed available. Since our teenager is over 180 cm tall, I could not accept that he sleeps in roll-over bed. Receptionist was very unpolite, never have met anything like her.We discussed with manager on duty and she insisted that roll-over beds are brand new and comfortable. She promised that we could change the room next day if we like. They never delivered roll-over bed to our room. I had to go to reception again since after long flight we wanted to go to sleep. When &quot;brand-new&quot; roll-over bed came, it was horrible. Dirty, lousy mattress and too short to sleep properly. The result: our teenager did not sleep and had problems with his back.Next morning I had to go reception twice in order to get the room changed to one that was promised to us. We did not get any help with the luggages but need to carry everything by ourselves. Other challenges: If you live in lower floors, you need to wait a long time (10 - 20minutes) to get an elevator to go down. There are only three elevators and people staying in rooms above 10th floor fill those in. Breakfast is lousy. Go to deli on left side of the hotel, just in the corner. They have excellent pancakes, sandwiches and good coffee. There are small tables, so you can eat in.Due to recession, there are more hotel rooms available in Manhattan. Go and check other options than Holiday Inn Midtown, 57th street.	
Apr 14 2009 	Pleasantly surprised and pleased	Interesting location to the west of Midtown with a hint of realism about the people away from the bright lights but not too far. Easy walking distance to the likes of Central Park and Times Square. Subway stations also 3 or 4 minutes walk away and great fun to use - suggest buy the $7.50 Metro Card for unlimited use for day. The sightseeing buses also good value and can often get a deal if talk to the uniformed salesmen on the street cornors (yellow and red outfits). The commentators all have an interesting slant on life in NY. Deals can also include Empire State and Boat trip around Manhattan. Warning, if going up the Empire State get there by 9.30am or leave until 4.30pm due to long queues - mainly due to security.Hotel was friendly and what we expected. Breakfast was ample and reasonably priced. Felt very safe on the streets and would use again..	
Apr 11 2009 	in two minds	This is an outdated place. Old rooms that need refurbishing, not really very clean and staff is helpfull but not friendly except Carl at bookings (musicals,theatre,restaurants,clubs,...) who's a gem.Location is good and price reasonable for NY.	
Apr 11 2009 	Wasnt bad but check your bill at the end!	Stayed at this Holiday Inn, as it was slightly cheaper than the rest of the hotels in the IC chain.Its about 10min walk from the PATH station (that goes to and from Newark Intl). Checking in was good and quite quick. As a Platinum member of the Priory membership club, was given vouchers for continental breakfast each morning, which was unexpected. Got to the room which was on the 5th floor. Room was a twin bed room and was quite spacious for New York. The room itself looked a bit tired but was clean. The bathroom set up was a bit weird for me, with the sink outside! The bathroom itself wasnt that nice and smelt of damp with some &quot;friendly&quot; mold growing in the corner. The room was equiped with a large TV and coffee machine, but no tea for us Brits! :-( I would have liked a safe in the room but after looking everywhere for 15mins, couldnt find one! The rooms were cleaned everyday to a good standard, but no one seemed to notice the mold in the bathroom!We used our vouchers for breakfast, and had some extras sometimes from the menu. Prices for breakfast did seem reasonable and were quick.The best thing about this hotel is its location! You could be in times square in about 15mins by walking. Did this most days - day and night - and felt quite safe.On the last day we were advised that we could actually use the breakfast vouchers we were given against the menu and minus $5 off the bill (which the reception conviently forgot to tell us). However this caused more problems than not, as when it came to the bill on check out we were still charged the full amount. The reception seemed to not care and couldnt be bothered to help and resolve the problem. So after realising it was like talking to a brick wall, we paid and left in a huff! Overall, because it was only slightly cheaper than the rest of the hotels in the IC chain I would probably go with them next time! But was pleased with its location.	
Apr 9 2009 	Perfect Location!	My Mom, Grandmother and I stayed at the Midtown Holiday Inn on a Friday - Sunday in April. While the hotel room itself was adequate, the location could not be beat! A 15 - 20 minute walk will take you to Central Park in one direction and Times Square in the other direction. The three of us fit comfortably in a room with 2 double beds. I would stay there again! For breakfast, be sure to try the Morning Star Cafe for breakfast - right on the corner at 57th and 9th. We also ate breakfast one morning at the Brooklyn Diner, which was a little pricey, but very good. Dinner options:- Ate at O'Neal's (49 W 64th Street) before the theater one night - very good upscale American food; moderately expensive- Also tried Patsy's (236 W 56th Street) - great Italian food, so-so service and high prices!	
Apr 8 2009 	Not a bad hotel in an ex location and at a good price	This hotel is what you expect from a holiday inn, ex location, good price, fairly sterile atmosphere but it was clean. Our rooms were fairly large, everything we needed was provided in the rooms, hairdryer, plenty clean towels, crisp clean sheets, plenty of hot water and an iron and ironing board. Rooms properly serviced everyday. Staff were polite and accommodating. Apart from the hotel needing to complete decor overhaul, the food was not great. None of our group were impressed but we did find several ex places to eat very near the hotel. Moonrock diner is where we ate a lot of our meals. They do ex pancakes for breakfast, with huge portions and interesting specials for dinner and at a super price. We met Rachel Allen there one morning! They are about half a block on right when you go out the front door of the hotel, very near Kennedys pub on the opposite side of the road to the hotel. Super deli on the left of the hotel at the end of the block for take away - huge sandwiches, really tasty and open 24 hrs. The location of this hotel is ex - we walked to 5th ave on the first day but got taxis to most of where we needed to go. No problem getting any outside the hotel. We would return to this hotel, mainly for the location and price.	
Apr 6 2009 	Nice staff/but dirty and old	The location is decent, but the hotel needs some MAJOR remodelling. Rooms are old, smokey, and dirty. Bedspreads look dated. Bathrooms tiny. During my last stay, a bunch of kids were living next door with their mother, and you could hear every word until 11 PM when they went to sleep (finally). I was in a room with an adjoining door that was paper thin. Old dinner plates with caked and dried out food from room service stayed in the halls outside rooms for nearly all day. Very unsanitary. TONS of tour buses and tour groups use this hotel. (Think...kids on field trips going to see Mama Mia). The people who work here are great and friendly. You get the impression that they know the place is a dump, but it's cheap and it's in Midtown so why bother fixing it up. Also, the elevators are extremely SLOW , cramped, and stop on nearly every floor. They do have a very good fitness center. The restaurant is so-so. Toast was dry (? day old bread??). Coffee was decent. The gift shop was a joke. The cash register wasn't working so they had to call in maintenance to fix it.	
Mar 31 2009 	a good value for the money	i actually expected less from this hotel, for the price in midtown manhattan. we stayed 3/27 to 3/30. the concierge on duty friday and saturday (evelyn?) was SO helpful. very honest and happy to help. i was impressed by her. the entire staff is wonderful, the waiters in the restaurant, the friendly people in the gift shop, and the doormen. the hotel itself is old, and the rooms are not very big, but it's clean, and it felt very safe. i would definitely stay there again.	
Mar 25 2009 	Excellent Location - Great value (At least in LOW season)	We spent only one night from March 20th to March 21st, but it was great. Central Park is at 3 blocks from this Hotel. Times Square is a 15 minute walk tops, West 57St has nice restaurants, and there are all sorts of ammenities close by.The Hotel has two towers, A and B, the B looked in better shape than the A, but we stayed in a room in the A and it was great. Comfortable beds, nice and clean, good bathroom, etc.I don't know if it's a low season thing, but we only paid $152.10 for the night before taxes (AAA rate), I thought that was a great deal for a Manhattan Hotel Room.	
Mar 11 2009 	Good location terrible staff	Good location, good rooms. One night there was hot water and nobody told us. We got back from a shopping day at Woodbury and there was hot water and a fwe coming down on shower. Any apologyse for that and there was no advice and no one told us what had happened and when the water would be abble for the guests. So, that night, we had to stay at the hotel (good room service). Whole hotel was being repaired, so it was dirty. But the price was okay and great location.	
Mar 10 2009 	Excelent for the Price	If you want to go to Ny and intend to walk all day to the best atractions in the city and, at night, arrive in a absolutely clean and comfortably room NY in a excelent location (too near from train station, Central Park, columbus circle, Broadway, Times Square,..) for a very good price, this is a real good choice. Do no wait for luxury, modern decoration, and a gorgeus swiming pool view (this is not a new resort resort). I would came back for sure.	
Mar 9 2009 	Good Value -- Fine Location	It's a Holiday Inn -- so sterile atmosphere and lack of character and warmth are par for the course. The room itself was clean overall but there were some small but noticeable old stains on the furniture, carpet and bed spread. The bed linen was clean and nicely prepped. The room and hallways look slightly dated and are starting to show some wear and tear (often coated over with paint). The room itself was on the small side but served our needs. Unfortunately, sleeping was hampered by the lack of dark curtains around the windows (only sheer curtains are provided). Cleaning staff were very friendly and helpful. The front desk were indifferent and sometimes unhelpful but not rude. One bothersome note was that bellhops insisted on taking our bags to our room (annoying in itself) -- but they did not accompany us. This meant we had to sit in our room for 15 minutes waiting for our bags to arrive and wondering if our passports were safe (and then tipping for the privilege). What's the point of this? I carried my bags into the hotel surely I can take them up an elevator?The location is very central. We got a good deal on the room and for that reason I would return here again (assuming I could get a similar deal).	
Mar 7 2009 	Clean clean clean	Easy walk to Lincoln Center, Carnegie Hall, Columbus Circle and Central Park, close to bus and subway, you can't beat the location. Our quiet room was good size and comfortable, with a good bed, piles of soft pillows, sheets under AND over the blanket which I always appreciate. Large squeaky clean bath with plenty of towels. The people couldn't have been friendlier or more helpful. We got a great rate and thought this hotel was a gem. Would go back in a heartbeat.	
Feb 28 2009 	Hope to stay again....often!! Very Impressed	We were very pleased with the service we received as a family with three young teens....everyone at the hotel was friendly and helpful ...from front desk, housekeeping and bellhop services....morning paper, coffee, extra towels and amenities.... storing our luggage on our day of departure. We couldn't be more impressed with the service at a fantastic location, and a reasonable price!!! Close to many tours, museums, restaurants and attractions.....walking distance to Times Square, Broadway District, Late Nite with David Letterman....Central Park, Park Plaza Hotel, 5th Avenue, Trump Tower, etc....great restaurants, and shopping......we are already planning another trip!!	
Feb 28 2009 	Cheap 	After trailing the net for a decent 3 star hotel in Manhattan, I soon realised it was quite a task to find one without bed bugs or other vermin infesting the hotel. The only review I read of a 3* hotel within this area was the Holiday Inn, and my stay there was, as many reviews highlighted, was a very pleasent experience!Upon arrival, we were greeted by the bell staff and checking in was not a problem. I do not smoke, but we had unfortunately booked a smoking double room. The floor and room did not smell of smoke though, so this was a good thing!The decor of the hotel rooms is dated, as is the furniture. The room itself was big, more than enough space for 3 of us to lounge in (the room could have easily held another person). We booked 2 double beds but found these to be rather small in comparison to that in this country, so ideal for 3, 4 maybe pushing it on the bed front!Amenties of the room were :-HairdryerComplimentary lotion, shower gel and shower capCoffee Machine (topped up with the extras everyday at no charge)TVInternet Access via the TV at a costIroning board and IronRadio alarm clock (*ours was a bit dodgty and kept going off at all hours!)HeatingThe bathroom was tiny - but from reading other reviews to have a big bathroom is a luxury in New York as space = money and what you pay at a Holiday Inn hotel is value at it's finest! Therefore it wasn't really an issue! Although what I did find odd was the basin sink was outside the bathroom?!?!? Not sure if it was just the room we stayed in, but hey!There was a school opposite the room we stayed in - we went during spring break so there was no traffic / noise in the morning. The windows are single glazed so I'm guessing you'd hear a lot during term time...Also the walls are thin, and you can hear the water pipes from other walls. Note for the light sleepers - take ear plugs!There is parking at the hotel, but it's charged at something like $45 a day. Best to check if you are planning on hiring a car whilst out there. The transport links are pretty good - there's a subway a few blocks away at the time warner building (oh yeah Ricky Martin lives around the corner from the hotel!!!) and there are always cabs passing the hotel.There were a few drawers to neatly store clothes in. Again, reading other reviews, there seems to be a major theft problem in other hotels, but I can't say I had noticed anything missing now or there, and at times I left my phone and camera in the room and it was exactly where I lft them when I came back. If you go in the summer months, there is a rooftop pool which is open within certain hours of the day. Obviously being February and freezing, this was locked off, so I can't really say how big it was!Location wise, the hotel is situated around a 50 min taxi ride from the airport. NOTE: Cabs are a flat rate of $45 (+tip) from the airport to any Manhattan destination. Do not be fooled by the cowboy cabbies that hover and approach you in the airport asking for $50+ and discouraging you from lining up!!! Same applies on your return. There is something called an airtrain, but if you are travelling with a few people works out to be cheaper getting a cab. If there is a long queue, just be patient as the cab wait line goes very quick!!!!The hotel is a few around 15 blocks from Time Square - not far to walk, maybe 15 mins at the most - and I'm not the quickest of walkers either!!! The tour bus stop is a few blocks from the hotel as well, so if you do decide to take the red/ blue city tour guide, best to familarise yourself with the surrounding streets.Up the road is a starbucks (I can see why they say there's a starbucks on every corner, there literally is!) - cheap compared to England so nice to have breakfast in as the hotel is very pricy with its menu. Hotel internet access was something like $4 per minute which is a rip-off - starbucks have free wireless access for anyone taking a laptop with them.There is also a nice little Turkish restaurant (halal) across the road from the starbucks near the hotel which is priced well - full meal costs under $10 and is beautifully cooked!!! We ate there every night with no problems, the staff are really nice and friendly.There's also a McDs by the cosmopoitan building (you'll know it when you see it - it's a weird shaped building made from mirrors where they make all the top magazines - located about 2 minutes up the road from the hotel). McDs stop serving breakfast at 10am - and it's really cheap!!Just a note in general - New York is very different to London. You can haggle in stores!!! (*obviously not places like Macy's and Bloomingdales, but independant stores!). I did not know this but being a non-US citizen you can claim back 11% on purchases with tax. From what I can remember, clothing is the only thing not taxed in New York...and broadway / sporting tickets.The hotel have an entertainment booking desk - again this is pricey, best to go out to the broadway theatres and buy best available seats on the day. I also found (i.e. I went to see Mary Poppins) we were charged at the theatre box office $31.50 for our tickets. When asking at the hotel, they said the cheapest seats available were $60.00 for the same show in the same seats! Same applies to the knicks game, Madison Sq. Garden box office = $80.00, hotel = $110.00. Best to save the pennies and book direct when out and about.One bad thing, out of the control of the hotel of course, was the water was really harsh in New York that it made my skin have rashes! Take some cream / lotion just in case if your skin is sensitive.All in all, the Holiday Inn is what it is here. Had no problems getting towels and bed linen changed everyday and the maid service was pretty good as we were an untidy bunch at the best of times. Only bad thing was the the TV choices (or maybe it's the broadcasting networks with shabby choices!) and prices for food and entertainment at the hotel!!! I didn't like New York - the people are so rude and London is so much better, but if I had to go again I probably would stay at the Holiday Inn again.	
Feb 25 2009 	above and beyond our expectation!	My friends and I stayed in this hotel for about 4 days. It was extremely amazing and meet our expectations. Location couldn’t have been better, anything you need is either up the street or around the corner. This inn is not your typical holiday INN. Rooms where immaculately clean and spacious…. (well, ours was). Furthermore, house keeping did there job well. Everything was organized and updated. Overall, I would give this specific hotel 10/10.	
Feb 25 2009 	Great Location	As 2 girls celebrating their &quot;40TH'S&quot;,decided to have a shopping trip to NY without husbands and kids!! We've just returned after a 4 night stay at Holiday Inn Midtown. After reading some previous reviews, we were unsure what standard of hotel to expect. We were pleasantly surprised.......yes, the decor in some fo the corridors could be updated.....but for the price, it was clean, staff were friendly and very helpful and the maids daily service very thorough. We were lucky to be on the 17th floor......a room with a view if you can get it!!!! The room was a super size (Plenty of room to leave your daily purchases!), with 2 double beds, which we both commented on being the most comfortable beds we had come across in a hotel.The location was great. As it was our first time in New York, we were delighted to find so many places of interest in walking distance. Close to Times Square, Central Park, theatre district and many good restaurants........We made use of the hop on hop off city tour buses which you can catch several streets away.Would definately recommend this hotel, if like us, you are there to shop, shop, shop and take in all the sights. We both hope to return to Holiday Inn Midtown for our 50th's (and possibly bring our hubbies!!!)	
Feb 25 2009 	shopping trip and friends birthday what a place	the staff where very friendly, allways willing to help got us booked up to do the sex and the city tour also mama mia and reserved us a table in tonys italian restraunt just off times square so if any1 is going check it out beautiful food but the drink can be expensive so go for a jug of there sangria mmm lovely	
Feb 20 2009 	Great location and great price	If you're looking for an inexpensive hotel in midtown Manhattan, the Holiday Inn is a great choice.While in toen on business for 3 days, I got a room with a queen sized bed for less than $110 a night, which is unheard of in midtown Manhattan. My expectations were not very high -- this is a Holiday Inn, after all, not the Waldorf Astoria -- but I was very pleasantly surprised.First of all, the location is unbeatable. The hotel is on 57th Street -- a major thoroughfare -- is less than 2 blocks from the subway, and is close to Columbus Circle, Central Park and the Theatre District. There many good restaurants within walking distance of the hotel, as well as a drug store that is open 24/7, various bodegas/delis/ manicure places and anything else you may need. It is also extremely easy to get a cab either at or near the hotel.The hotel staff was very pleasant and accommodating. When I booked my reservations online, the only room available at the price I wanted was a smoking room, but upon check in I asked if they had any non-smoking rooms available for the same price. They did, and switched my reservation with no problem. The doormen also hailed cabs for me and helped me with my luggage upon my arrival and departure.Room service was extremely fast and the food was good. I called room service around 9am all 3 mornings and received my order in less than 15 minutes each time. The food was good, reasonably priced and the portions were very generous.My room was very quiet and extremely clean. The bed was very comfortable and the heat was easy to adjust. The maids were very thorough. Oh, and each room comes with free high speed wireless internet access, which is so convenient! You can connect to the internet in literally seconds and the connection is extremely fast. There are no catches at all, it really is free.I didn't check out any of the other amenities but I know there is a bar/lounge, restaurant, pool and fitness center. Again, this isn't a luxury hotel, but I was pleasantly suprised by the efficient service. I would absolutely stay at this hotel again, it's a great deal in an ideal location.	
Feb 11 2009 	Not bad for its price and location	I stayed at this hotel the first week of February 2009. I booked a standard room with a Queen size bed through the Holiday Inn website and got a rate for $89 USD per night. With tax and other fees, the total came out to about $105 USD.The hotel is a little old and the rooms are a little outdated but for the price and location, can't really get a better deal in Manhattan. The hotel is located only a few blocks away from Central Park. It's about a 5 minute walk. Subway access is only a few blocks away too. The bed was comfortable and the floors were clean. However, there was some dust here and there. I really didn't mind the dust. Everything was fine with this hotel except for one thing. Maybe this is not a big thing for some people but for me, it was a bit of a nuisance. I guess its due to the old pipes or something but the water coming out of the bathroom sink and bathtub was a bit white (kind of looked like salt water). It wasn't crystal clear like you would get in your home. That was my only complaint about my stay at this hotel.Staff were friendly and polite. If you're looking for a cheap yet acceptable hotel in Manhattan, this hotel is probably your best bet. For under $120 USD, you get an acceptable room and great location.	
Feb 8 2009 	Comfortable clean well run and reasonable hotel	Great location near Columbus Circle and Central Park south. Easy walk to the subway.My wife and I have stayed here three times and have always been pleased. Rooms are clean and well maintained. Staff of the hotel has been courteous and helpful. Certainly not a luxury hotel but for the price an excellent value.	
Feb 5 2009 	Very nice!!	We stayed at this hotel one week before Xmas and we couldn't believe that it could be so nice being so cheap for NYC!!! The room was clean and nice, room service every day, there are lots of delis nearby so don't order breakfast in the hotel!! If you're going to NYC to do sightseeing and you're not afraid of walking all day, you won't need any transportation, it's really close to times square and 5th avenue! I would definetly stay there again	
Jan 28 2009 	A great location 	This hotel is a great value. The room was a good size, neat &amp; clean. It's in walking distance of Jazz@Lincoln Center, where we went that night. We had breakfast at the Gotham Cafe, which we recommend---good service, food &amp; price.	
Jan 8 2009 	Excellent location - couldn't be better	I stayed in this hotel recently with a friend of mine. After reading some of the terrible reviews of other hotels, I was afraid that it would be a dive. The decor is a bit shabby and dated BUT we needed two doubles as my friend is a light sleeper and snores a lot ! The room was surprisingly big for NYC where space is at a premium. I have to say the room was spotless so I couldn't fault it. I did get roomservice one nite, but it wasn't great , so I would give that a miss if I were you. The best thing about this hotel was the location. If you stayed any closer to Times Square you wouldn't get a wink of sleep ! This was only about 10 min walk to everything. We found a really classy/ upmarket diner five mins away called The Brooklyn Diner (212 W57th Street) ~It was full of locals and little bit pricey but lots of people watching to do and the staff were really chatty and nice here. The day we left the hotel, our flight wasn't til that evening unfortunately but the concierge arranged for our bags to be checked and then they organised a towncar to the airport, which was no dearer than a cab and it was MUCH more comfortable. The only bad thing about the hotel was the bathroom was a bit on the small side, but I have stayed in more expensive hotels like the Sheraton Manhattan and the bathroom there wasn't much bigger, so like I said space is at a premium in NYC I suppose.	
Jan 6 2009 	A budget stay in Manhattan. Good location too!	We spent the last day of our NYC trip in the Holiday Inn on 57th St. It was a January deal at $129 per night (book through the hotel website), it was the cheapest and the most convenient hotel we can find on the net.Staff services were standard, as expected in any budget hotel chain. The rooms were situated on two different wings – one has all the odd-number rooms, and the other has the even numbers. We were not told which wing our room was on, so we got to find that out ourselves…We stayed in the standard suite in the “even-numbered” wing, and were amazed at the spaciousness of the room, given how small rooms can be in Manhattan. The room was very clean and odour-free, with king-size bed, TV, fridge, coffee-making facilities, and a standard bathroom include all the basics. It was a little strange having the wash basin and mirror outside the bathroom, and the ironing board in the bathroom where the toilet and the bath tub are. Location is between 9th and 10th Avenue, and if you are willing to do a little walking, then the shopping world at 5th Avenue is no more than 20 minutes away. There is not much of a nightlife in the surrounds, but Time Square is not too far away – about 15 or so blocks away (each block is not very big, so don’t be afraid!). There are some eateries if you keep walking towards the 9th, 8th avenues, but there is a Starbuck nearby if you need a quick feed. Duane Reade (a 24-hour convenience store) is also nearby if you need any essentials.Breakfast is available on the ground floor. The food was reasonably priced from $8 to about $15! Food was fine, with standard offerings. The food tasted a bit bland, but the fresh orange juice was very nice!Overall our stay in the Holiday Inn at 57th St was fairly standard – pleasant and expected. This hotel is more suited for travellers toward the end of their New York trip where they want a clean, cheap and quiet place to stay for a night or two before heading back home.	
Jan 6 2009 	Good location	Very well located, a very short walk to Central Park, 9th avenue (with lots of great restaurants) and Time Square. Room was a good size, don't be put off by the slight shabbiness of the corridors though, the rooms are better than this. Other than that, main complaint was the slight smell of smoke that seemed to hang around the corridors and the bathroom.	
Dec 31 2008 	Very Convenient	The Holiday Inn is a suitable family hotel. We arrived late at night and check inn efficient. Staff were very friendly, with exception of breakfast room manager who could do with a lesson in people skills. His staff were fun in the mornings though. Rooms were more than adequate. We were able to walk to most venues including Broadway shows.Those further away were accessible via the hop on/hop off bus which also was within walking distance. We were told to get breakfast at nearby cafe's, but the hotel breakfast was not much dearer and much more convenient. Was of good quality and many choices. We dined in restaurants en route to night venues. Never felt unsafe walking. Rooms were clean,beds comfortable,bathroom well presented and fresh.	
Dec 27 2008 	excellent hotel	Stayed at this hotel for 3 nights with 5 friends, we had 3 rooms, 2 doubles and a twin. the rooms were very spacious with tv and great veiw of new york city. we had clean towels and flannels every day and nothing was to much for the reception staff.very clean, tidy and friendly hotel.Exellent location, most things with in walking distance such as central park and times square.would definatley stay here again.	
Dec 27 2008 	great location	We stayed at the Holiday Inn Midtown from 8th - 18th Dec, 2008. Room was clean but beds small and uncomfortable. The other guests were noisy, coming in late at night, slamming doors, talking loud. (not the hotels fault, just ignorant guests!). We walked to Time Square most days; took a 3 day &quot;Hop on Hop Off&quot; tour; bought tickets for the Statue of Liberty at the hotel, but they neglected to tell us that our ticket didn't include entry into the Statue and that we had to book those tickets 2 days in advance. Hence, we missed going inside. We found New York people to be generally unhelpful, uncaring (unless a tip was at stake) and pushy. The restaurant &amp; room service at the hotel add on an automatic tip of 15% to all bills, taking away our right to choose how much we think the service deserves. There are plenty of cheap take out places and corner markets to buy food &amp; supplies. We would recommend any other time to visit NY other than winter. As much as the city is beautiful with the Christmas lights, the cold, the crowds and the general attitude of the locals was hard to deal with. The traffic is a nightmare and walking is the best option.We had a fantastic day trip to Niagara Falls however the flights home were 2 and a half hours delayed due to the traffic at JFK. Then the shuttle back to the hotel took another 2 hours. Shopping in Canal St was interesting and a great place for bargains. We went to the Rockettes Christmas show which was an absolute hightlight of our stay, along with the World Trade Centre tribute and site tour and the Intrepid Air, Sea &amp; Space Museum	
Dec 25 2008 	Highly Recommend the Holiday Inn Midtown	We travel a fairly good bit. Have stayed in everything from Westin's to Mom and Pop Hotels in the middle of nowhere. So we ahve a wide range of experience. We were looking for four things in a hotel. 1. Cleanliness. The hotel was very clean we did not experience any bugs, dirty rooms or any problems. My wife is pretty picky on cleanliness and she was very content. 2. Space for a family of four. We stayed for five nights. We need 2 double beds for two teenagers as well. The rooms for what we saw in New York other hotels were large. 3. We wanted a good location. We were two blocks from the subway. A fifteen minute walk from Time Square and Rockefeller Center. We were two blocks from Central Park. The location was &quot;out of&quot; the crazyness of Time Square but close enough to be there with hardly no effort of walking ten to fifteen minutes. The subway station at Columbus Circle got us anywhere we didn't want to walk. 4 Price. For what we paid (avg. 180 a night) you could not ask for more. The staff was tremendously helpful. Got us discounts to the events we wanted to go to. Gave great information. Got us a car back to the airport cheaper than a cab. Could not ask for anything more.	
Dec 17 2008 	The only hotel in NYC for around $300 per night that was available	Stayed for 4 nights at this hotel. It was clean - a room with 2 beds was large enough to accomodate 3 people comfortably. It also has a rooftop pool and a gym.It's a few blocks south of Central Park. I couldn't say there was much of a &quot;vibe&quot; to this neighbourhood - just some office buildings and a construction site were on the block but cafes and restaurants on 8th Ave were just a couple of blocks away. We felt safe at night - 57th St is quiet and adequately lit. The subway isn't too far away - 5-10 minute walk.This is a large hotel and I rang many hotels all over the city months ahead to try to get a room and this was the only hotel for around $300 a night that I could get in. Save yourself the trouble of calling smaller hotels and try this one first.	
Dec 14 2008 	"Good choice and excellent value"	We stayed at this Hotel Dec 2nd - 6th 2007 and were more than happy with our choice. The rooms are large, clean and very comfortable, we also had the benefit of an excellent view of the skyline at night. The location is very good, most places withing walking distance, although very cold in December. The amenities excellent &amp; everything on hand, the staff on the information desk were particularly helpful and even arranged a SUV to JFK at short notice. We were a little apprehensive after reading the odd negative review but very pleased with our experience. This Hotel is very good value for the price. Will definately stay here again in future. A TripAdvisor Member, London	
Dec 8 2008 	loved it ;]	stayed at the hoilday inn from the 1st until the 6th and had a fantastic time the hotel was perfect for location ,very clean,towels changed daily, fresh coffee every day , very friendly staff and helpfull would definatly stay again and recommend it,for eating try kennedys across the road it is absolutely gorgeous food the chicken in basket was huge and well worth it,	
Nov 30 2008 	Basis with staff who need some customer service training	Firstly I do have to say our trip overall was a bargain so taking into account price this hotel was value for money, however it was not without some problems. On checking in we were given our room key on the 9th floor. The room itself was opposite the lift and on entering smelled damp, but worse than that were the suitcases and belongings in the room. Our room was already occupied! Luckily we are honest people and returned straight to reception rather than have a nose through other people's belongings! However the receptionist could not understand our disbelief at their error. She kept saying &quot;It's not my fault&quot; and was quite indignant rather than apologetic. I said that I hoped she would not hand out our keys to new arrivals, to which she again replied &quot;it's not my fault&quot; although after checking her computer finally said &quot;aah it was my fault&quot; although it was still not accompanied by any apology for the mix up! When we finally got into an unoccupied room it was basic and seemed clean. Luckily we had brought earplugs as whilst on the 8th floor was still noisy and located near the lift. Sound proofing is not a strong point of the hotel. The room itself was chilly and we discovered our heating was not working however the hotel sent an engineer immediately to fix and once on the heat meant we were no longer freezing.Our one and only experience of the hotel bar was using the free vouchers given to us by reception as an apology for the room mix up on check in however the surly girl behind the bar did not exactly make us want to stay and have a second drink or leave any tip as she was really quite rude. This was confirmed when a second customer arrived and queried something with her about a previous drink to which she responded that it was clearly shown on his bill. He then replied it would have been fine had she actually presented him with a bill. All in all it was a soul less bar area, chilly and unfriendly.Finally when we checked out which was early AM my friend screamed as a cockroach ran around the sink area. We assume it had been running over our toothbrushes on previous occasions which was a thought we would rather not dwell on. I reported it to the lovely (not) receptionist on checking out only to be informed &quot;madame this is New York, all big cities have cockroaches&quot;. Hhmmm yes I appreciate that but where was the customer service during this whole stay. Had I paid some of the rates quoted on this site for this hotel I would have felt very hard done by, as it was we paid minimal rates as we booked a package so probably about £50 pppn. My advice would be if you are paying any more than this research other hotels even smaller boutique hotels where they actually care about the customer and wish them to return.Yes, the location was reasonable however cabs are so cheap you can get where you want at minimal cost. Personally when I return in March I would not stay here at any cost! Even the concierge told us to avoid the hotel for drinks/cocktails!	
Nov 26 2008 	Great Stay at the Holiday Inn!!!	Stayed at this hotel for 4 nights in November and it was a great stay, have stayed in New york several times but this hotel is hard to beat for price and room size!! Got a great deal booking through Hotwire.Room was spacious and clean, bathroom was on the small side but clean. Staff were friendly and the location was abit further out than I would normally stay but for the price it's a bargain - nearest subway was columbus circle (two blocks up)Would stay at the Holiday inn again!	
Nov 26 2008 	Great value at the Holiday Inn	My two friends and I stayed for three nights in a triple room at this hotel. I have been to NY many times and usually stay at more upmarket hotels, but on this occasion, price was more important than design. On this level, the hotel did not let us down (we paid £160 per night for a triple room, far less than similar hotels in this neighbourhood). The hotel is basic, a little dated (think floral bedspreads and dark wood furniture) but more importantly is clean and well located. For a cheap option in NY, I can't recommend this place highly enough. A 10 min walk to 5th Ave, friendly staff and a large, refurbed bathroom added to the experience.	
Nov 25 2008 	Practical and comfortable	this hotel is very sufficient for a short stay, though its not glamourous and doesnt make you feel like a prince or princess on madison avenue, it does provide clean comfortable rooms.Being an older hotel, it does have a darkish feel to it in the entryway and hallways and the carpets are a little stinky (very minimal). I have chemical sensitivities and was not bothered by this. If you like fresh new york city air(ha ha) you can open the windows in rooms partially (personally, I found this very comforting). The dining room was bustling in the morning and feels like a place you wouldnt mind hanging in for awhile, I didnt have anything besides tea and muffin so I cant rate the food.The convenience of the location (and safety) is a nice plus.I would recommend it if your not looking for fancy, welcoming lobby (try times square for that) and you just want a good place to rest.	
Nov 24 2008	Extremely Friendly Hotel	Just back from a very enjoyable stay at the Holiday Day Inn West 57th St Midtown, Found our room to be very large and extremley clean. Was very warm had to turn heating down but this was not a bad thing as it was very cold outside. Room was cleaned every day to a very high standard clean white fluffy towels, clean sheets and everything that we had used replenished. The staff on reception and on the doors couldn't do enough to make our stay very enjoyabe. Great location for getting about, could always get a taxi as soon as you stepped outside and was also within walking distance to most places of interest.Would like to visit New York again same time next year and will definatly book this hotel again.Well done Holiday Inn keep up the good work.	
Nov 23 2008 	Great place to stay! Will come again.	This was a great hotel to stay in. We were going to Fox News to see Hannity and Colmes for my son's 8th birthday. I was told to stay closer to Times Square but the prices were out of my range. Finding the Holiday Inn was such a blessing.It was clean, comfortable and 2 blocks from the A,C,E subway at Columbus Circle. It was centrally located and the room was a good size. The staff was well informed and friendly. We had a great time, and it was safe enough to walk home from the studio. I will absolutely stay here again. Great deal as well. The price was well below what you will spend in TImes Square and it is still very convenient to all areas of NYC.	
Nov 21 2008 	Great Budget Hotel	This hotel is great if you're on a budget when visiting NYC. The check in was fast, the staff were courteous, the room was clean and spacious. Didn't try the hotel's restaurant though. We were quite pleased and would stay here again. Would be nice to visit here in the summer and try the rooftop pool.	
Nov 17 2008 	Good location large room	This midtown hotel is a bit further west than I prefer, but the entire city was nearly sold out and this was a good option. Large room, promt and inexpensive room service (food was ok), clean and pleasant overall.Rooftop pool which is nice, can be difficult to get a cab because of the location/street direction/traffic flow. I found myself crossing busy 57th many times to get a cab because the large tour busses were occupying the bellmans attention.Rooms were a bit tired and well-used, especially for $369 a night, but New York prices are what they are, and with the UN Conference I was lucky to get a room.	
Nov 16 2008	Excellent Location	As i was taking the trip to NY with my 27 year old daughter i was a bit worried about the negitive reviews, although the Hotel requires a complete revamp everything was clean, and the hotel staff very helpful, room was large ; bathroom small ; strange with wash hand basin outside bathroom sited in room, A/C did not work : downside was all rooms when their toilets flushed the noise was unbelivable also no easy door closures, so you heard a constant slamming of doors through the night. Did not use Resturant, used Deli on corner good value for moneyLocation ExcellentStaff ExcellentRoom Clean (Need revamp)Bathroom Small Shower GoodFlush &amp; Doors NoisyA/C (Not working) KELLY &amp; EMMA CARDIFF S WALES	
Nov 14 2008 	Great Location Hotel what we paid for	Me and my partner have just returned from a four night stay in NY and had an excellent time.Check In was fine, no problems, no queue. We were given a room on the 8th floor, had a view looking over 57th Street. Room was quite large, we had 2 double beds. Bathroom was clean and had what we needed. The room was a standard 3 Star and the hotel isnt pretending to be anymore than this. I was a bit weary before i went with reading some of the reviews but i know i paid for a 3star and that is what i got. The rooms were spacious and clean and really that is all we needed. Only complaint was some noisy guests coming in at all hours but that was no fault of the hotels. Didnt sample any of the food in the hotel so cant comment on that but the room service prices are expensive. Location was fab, walking distance of central park and times square. We got a taxi to battery park to get the ferry for statue of liberty and this only cost $15 which we thought was ok for the other side of manhattan. We landed into Newark airport and the taxi fare was $56 plus $10 toll fare plus tip so it worked out about $70, but returning the hotel arranged a shuttle transfer for us and this cost $24 per person (cheaper to JFK) so this was quite good.Overall, for the price and location this is perfect for anyone just wanting a bed for the night and wanting a base to explore new york!!!	
Nov 12 2008 	unhappy with room!	i stayed at this hotel three years ago and seemed pleased with stay,so idecided to take a vacation with my daughter and husband this nov and stay at holiday inn again. i asked for two double beds which turned out to be the size of full beds ,difficult for two people to share. also the bathe room was so small,getting out of the tub to be carefull not to step into toilet.on top of that they only had heater connected, so when we arrived temp was in low sixty. room was hot and could ony open a slight few inches for air the hotel gave us a desk top fan. very disapointed with hotel stay. and besides the rate of hotel was almost four hundred dollars a night. not good.	
Nov 11 2008 	Not bad	We were skeptical when we booked because the rate was so reasonable for NYC - 212 a night. We booked anyway thinking we were going to be out and about and would only sleep here. We were pleasantly surprised. The hotel was very busy and the staff we encountered were obviously overworked, but extremely helpful and eager to meet our needs. Our room was clean, the bed comfortable, and we slept great. We received recommendations for dinner, bars, subway travel, etc. Our waiter even remembered us from breakfast and welcomed us back the next day. The only complaint we found were the female bartenders. They acted put out when they had to wait on us, and one bartender even told us after two beers, I have no more of that kind so you will have to pay up or try something else, no offer to get more, or offer another suggestion. Both women bartenders on two different occasions were more interested in checking their email and talking on the cell phone than dealing with customers. The male bartender on the other hand was restocking the bar, greeted us upon our entrance and came out from around the bar when we were sitting to ask us if we needed a refill or snack. This hotel overall, really was a gem find for us, and we would stay here again. it is close to central park and Lincoln center and a short walk to times square. Far from Macys and ground zero but easy subway access.	
Nov 4 2008	Good hotel and location	After reading some of the reviews posted we were a little concerned, but need not have worried. No problems booking in, the staff were polite and helpful, the room was large and the bedding clean, the bathroom was on the small size and in need of refurbishment but the water was always hot. We asked for assistance with the safe and someone arrived at the door within minutes. Ideally placed for sightseeing, we took our 10 year old son and walked for most of the time, he got as far as Times Square without moaning. We used a small restaurant just around the corner on 9th Ave called Route 66 for breakfast, would recommend it. Be prepared for all types of weather in October, quite warm one minute, absolutely freezing the next. Used a limo service to and from Newark Airport, cheaper than getting a taxi. We enjoyed our stay at the Holiday Inn on 57th Street and would stay there again.	
Nov 4 2008 	Decent location but needs a makeover	Stayed for 5 nights towards the end of October and was glad to leave to be honest.Let me start by saying that I am no expert on New York Hotels, this being my first visit. But I expected much more from a Holiday Inn, the previous week I had stayed in a Holiday Inn in San Francisco and the difference was chalk &amp; cheese. However my sister was staying at the Novotel on 42nd? and said the rooms there were also below average, so maybe it's a NY thing.The room (16th floor) was very dated and smelled damp each time we entered. Also that awful Artex ceiling, which had damp patches. As a Platinum Priority Club member I was given vouchers for a complimentary continental breakfast, which mentioned Muffins, Bagels, Croissants etc. On the morning I tried it I was told by a waiter that I could have coffee, orange juice, and toast since they had nothing left. I never went back.Also tried the restaurant one night, which miraculously transforms from the breakfast room to an 'Italian Trattoria'. The only difference is the menu. It was a joke. The waiter clearly forgot to process our order and 45mins later presented us with toast, &quot;to keep us going&quot;. Toast!My starter then arrived, then 30 secs later another waiter came out of the kitchen with our mains, spotted that I had just started my starter and did a U-turn back into the kitchen. No doubt our meals were kept under a hot-lamp for the next 10mins.I had no problem with the staff, other than the waiters. The bar and reception area's are fine. Was given a late 2pm check-out which was helpful, and the bell-boy arranged a car to JFK ($60). Safety deposit boxes are available at reception (no safe in room), these are free but you pay $100 if you lose the key.As mentioned already its located well for Central Park and Times Square is a 20min walk.Overall we enjoyed NY but next time I will look elsewhere for a hotel unless it gets rennovated. I noticed there were 2 blocks, maybe I was in the old block? (My room faced 57th St).	
Oct 27 2008 	Not special! Pratic! Good Location	The hotel was has a good location: near Central Park (perfect if you would like to have running there) and not so far from the Fifth Avenue (3 or 4 bus stops). Brodway and the most important museums are not so far! the hotel is not special and new! Rooms are very old .. also the bathroom. New York City is very expensive for an accomodation. I know .. but USD 380 for a double room // night is too much.	
Oct 26 2008 	Holiday Inn 57th Street is perfect to expore NYC	Styed here for 7 night from 27th September and i have to say the hotel was brilliant!!!I was really scared before i went as i had read some negative reviews however they were all thrown out the window when we arrived there. We has a room on the 9th floor facing the street which was amazing as we had a brilliant view and could soak up the NY atmosphere!!!There was 4 of us in the room with 8 suitcases but it was still hugeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!! We had no problems with the bathroom and were right by the lifts however this caused us no problem. Check in and out was quick and the staff were all really friendly. The hotel is in the perfect position. Its only 5 min walk to Colmbus Subway station which was brilliant and only a $6 taxi ride to times square. 5th Avenue is around the corner and just behind the corner are loads of resturants. Definatly go to the morning star resturant. The food is brilliant and the staff are the best!!! They were so nice and gave us loads of help. Also the moonrock diner just up the road is really good. There are loads of shops 2-3 mins walk away so it easy if you need anything.Honestly this hotel is great in terms of its location, rooms and service.If your looking for a clean and comftable hotel then this one is great. Don't expect 5* quality but this hotel is still briliant. I am already planning my nest stay there next year!!!	
Oct 24 2008 	Not to bad for a short stay	Stayed here October 2008 and was not surprised, as withall holiday inns they have a certain standard which isunchanged in most places though out the world.Basic but clean.The room was nice the bathroom big and all the generalstuff you like to have like and iron, hair drier, tea and coffeefacilities.The main draw back we had was that we where placedin a room beside the elevators which where rumblingup and down the shaft all night. how we know it wasthe elevator was when it hit a floor you would geta noise like a microwave when the doors opened.other than that this place is perfectly dine for a short stay, would not recommend for 7 or 14 days.	
Oct 16 2008	Well positioned hotel for sightseeing.	We stayed here for a couple of nights. The room was ok and there was a coffeemaker. However the bathroom was a bit small. There was a powerful shower over the bath.The aircon unit in the room was pretty poor and didn't seem to cool the air - it just moved it around. This factor plus the heavy bedding made sleeping uncomfortably hot.The subway station at Columbus circle is not far away which made getting to see the sights very easy. Also Times Square and Central Park are within walking distance.	
Oct 13 2008 	Not bad at all	The Midtown has a lot of positives and only a few negatives. The positives are that you can walk to Times Square (it's a about 8 blocks or so, not much by NYC standards). A cab ride to Times Square cost us about $6 one way. It is located near a lot of stuff. Another positive is that the room is larger than a lot of rooms we were considering. We were able to have 3 girls stay comfortably in one room (enough room for a rollaway bed, which is rare in NYC.) Bathrooms are very small, but eh, who cares, there was enough room for us to sleep and get ready, which is all we needed. The free continental breakfast is good as well. (You have to ask for the coupons or they won't give it to you.)The negatives were housekeeping staff that did a less than stellar job. My dad spilled water on his bed at around 5pm and called to ask for a bed change and a new blanket. We left and arrived back at 10pm and nothing had been done. He called again and asked someone to come up and do it. Someone arrived 10 minutes later with some towels. Random! So he called AGAIN and asked for sheets and blankets and someone brought them up and didn't even put them on the bed. Our room didn't get made up one day at all.BUT at these prices and for a pretty good quality room with a good location, you can't be too picky. I would recommend the hotel!	
Oct 8 2008 	Its like they didnt try!!	I live in New York but had to move to a hotel while my apartment was having some treatment. I am on a very limited budget, so I settled on the 'best quality' for the 'best money'. The room is ok as long as you dont need much and there is wireless internet in the hotel. Those parts are nice. But the front desk was very RUDE every time we met. They spoke down to you and were confrentational. When checking in, my girlfriend needed a copy of my credit card and ID when I had spoken with someone earlier in the day and they said everything was good to go. She called me to ask and I asked to speak with the desk. That request was denied, and the conversation between the desk and my girlfriend went like this:'What question does he have?''Cant he just ask you it?''I need to know what hes going to ask''What? (to me) Shes not beig helpful''I AM being helpful! Miss he can just call me at the hotel''Well Im on the phone with him now, right in front of you''Have him call...'Then i called and she denied any of the conversation had happened. She said 'I was right here and thats not what 'she' said.' Turns out, SHE WAS THE ONE WHO SAID IT!! Bottom line, the staff is rude and i will never stay here again. Plus the rooms have a lot of things missing that make it a pain in the butt.	
Oct 5 2008 	Okay convenient	Good location is its major plus, friendly staff and charming and helpful conceige. The place was clean and neat. The room was average, but the bathroom was tiny. no closet in the roomBar and restraunt were good	
Sep 25 2008 	Surprised!	After reading reviews about this hotel, I didn't expect much to be honest. This was our first time in New York. Hotel is really nice from the outside and when you enter the buidling the lobby and reception are surprisingly better than photos posted on the website. Staff were friendly. Rooms were big, clean and nice. Was overall really pleased and happy with the room. However, the air con unit had a plastic bug strips under it, so asked to change rooms to a higher floor just incase. Staff were great and said this was no problem. They even gave use free vouchers to use for breakfast and water. This room was perfect and really enjoyed our stay there. Breakfast was great especially since it was free and staff were really friendly and nice. Never went to the bar or restuarant, but this also looked very appealing.Stored all of our luggage for the day and also booked our taxi with doormen - all very friendly and helpful. We also used the safe facilities in the hotel found this also satisfactory. Would stay here again - great for shopping.	
Sep 17 2008 	Really Pleased!	I thought this hotel was great. As a first timer to NYC it's in a great location and handy to everything. The rooms were nice and big with comfy beds and quick wireless internet connection. Front desk were sometimes a little grumpy yet still helpful and the rest of the service was excellent, would definately stay here again!! Would highly recommend it - I went with another friend and we both were very impressed with the size and cleaniness of the rooms and the location.	
Sep 12 2008 	Value for Money	Ideal choice if looking for a value for money hotel near to Central New York - Times Square - 15 mins walk or a couple of subway stops - Colombus Circle subway only 1 block away from hotel.Rooms spacious and comfortable - not luxurious but value for money. We were given a non smoking room but smelt of smoke but once we asked to move they dorted out very quickly.Swimming pool very nice after along hot day walking around.Staff very helpful, we had a pleasant stay and can't really fault anything. Would recommend if on a budget and not after luxury.	
Sep 8 2008 	lovely hotel good value for money	booked hotel then saw bad reviews on trip advisor,so was a bit worried. hotel was basic but very clean,very well situated about ten minutes walk from times square ,but away from the noise so you are able to sleep.had most of our meals in hotel and found them really good and not to expensive and a bar in hotel for those who like a quiet drink after a days sightseeing.staff were very helpfull,and a waitress i the restaraunt gave my daughter tips on where to shop.overall loved hotel.	
Sep 5 2008 	Feel good about this choice	This is not an all-star hotel, but so what? If you are like we were (not knowing anything about New York), we had real concerns about where to stay. We took at shot at this hotel and were very happy. It is reasonably priced. This isn’t the place for you if you are looking for luxury, but the staff was helpful and the location was perfect. It is a very easy in an easy out of New York by car. The location is very close to the subway. Further, we felt very safe walking the neighborhood at night. Walking to Times Square was no big deal at all after dark. I was very, very happy with the location, which meant everything to me. The room was nice enough. We had no problems with the hotel at all. We will stay there again without question. I’ve read some poor reviews, but I didn’t have any of the negative experiences that some have noted. I read reviews before I left, and I felt the hotel was really underrated by reviewers overall. We were in New York to see the city and have a decent, safe place to stay. This clearly met our needs on every level and more. Oh… easy parking, too. You can just park the car and leave it for the extent of your stay. You are so close to Columbus Circle that you don’t need your car at all. For Yankee fans… very easy to get to the stadium. Just take the D or the F (make sure you know when you need to take the local F train… D does not always stop at the stadium).	
Sep 5 2008 	Good Location	We stayed at the Holiday Inn to explore the city &quot;NY&quot; this hotel is located 2 blocks of the subway entrance and Central park. There are some nice restaurants just one block away. The hotel has large rooms (for a city hotel) beds are good and the shower works and gives plenty of hot water. Instead of other visitors on thsi forum we found the hotel breakfast area just fine, you'll get a decent meal for a fair price and doesn't have to leave the building.The pool was very nice too, a little swim after a hot day and much walking is sure welcome. There aren't much more hotels which have this service. So overall a good place to stay.	
Sep 4 2008 	Nice great location but tatty	Old review but time flies!Very friendly lady in reception, made me feel very welcome straight away which was good after the delays at Gatwick and a roller-coaster taxi ride from JFK (a unforgettable NY experience in itself!).I remember reading that the last redecoration was 10 years ago and it showed. Not awful, but was definately a very lived in look. Needed stripping and redoing. The lifts were good but the corridors outside were more tatty and often smelt of cigarrette smoke. The way room service trays were dumped outside the service room near the lifts wasn't that great, partially because that was next to my room. Wasn't that it was there, it was that it stayed there for ages.But the bed was very comfy, free wireless internet, view wasn't amazing as I was in the south tower but I was out most of the time so that made no difference. You're not going to get an amazing view here, but you don't expect one!Good location, 25 minutes walk from Times Square going south and very close to Central park and Columbus Circle metro going north. Lots of restaurants, diners and bodegas nearby that will keep you fed even if you only go round the corner from the hotel (great doughnuts).This hotel was good for what I needed it for which was a base, somewhere to collapse at the end of the day and somewhere to drop my goodies off in the day.	
Sep 4 2008 	Great Location !	stayed at the hotel with wife and 2 teenage daughters for 5 nights.Had one room and was big enough for us all but bathroom was slightly small. room was clean and airconditioning worked adequately. requested high floor not facing the road and got this and found it to be very quiet at night. easy walking distance to times square and central park but not in the hustle and bustle of downtown. breakfast was ok but did not eat at the hotel as there are hundreds of eating places around. ideal for all the shows -walking distance and the hop on hop off tours.would stay here again and would recommend this hotel for good value accomodation in New York.	
Sep 4 2008	holiday inn midowtn 57th manhatten	Hi, My daughter and I spent 5 nights at hol Inn 57th on 27th Aug, we couldnt fault the hotel. Comfy beds, pleasant staff, great showers. 10 minute walk from central park, 25 minute walk to 42nd st, subway 5 minutes. Good location, and quiet too. Hop on and off bus good although it finishes at 16.30, so then you have to use local buses, trains etc. Taxis seemed cheap enough, drivers not very pleasant!! Recommend transfer buses from hotels, well organised and on time. We booked all our tickets for top of rock, tour buses and cruises and transfers this end, saved a lot of time and hassle and good prices too. We used attraction tickets direct and booked on line. All in all a great find in a quiet location. Roof toop pool a bonus in august as weather really hot. pool closes from 1st sept and opens sundays only. Good luck and have a great time - we did!!!!!!! comfy shoes a MUST!!	
Sep 2 2008 	Expected More	When we arrived at this hotel the lobby and bar area etc were very inviting and we expected the same of the rooms.....with it being a Holiday Inn and big brand name, we expected it to be the same standard as a holiday Inn in the UK..however i would say that the UK standard is a lot higher.The rooms themselves were okay- the decor was maybe a bit old fashioned and there was a line of mildew/mould on the net panel on the window. The room also never had curtains which closed which made good viewing for the rooms opposite in the building across the car park.The bathroom was very small and again there were spots of mould round some tiles and overall we just felt as if it wasnt as clean /fresh as it could have been.The location was ok...we used the subway usually which was handy but was a good few blocks walk to get there ...we would probably stay nearer the center next time and closer for walking distance to places...although there a few nice eateries round about.Also, the hotel reception staff could be quite blunt/unhelpful but the bar staff and bellboys were very pleasant.Overall the hotel wasn't bad..but if i was to return to New York i think i would stay somewhere different!!	
Sep 1 2008	Dirty 	I picked this hotel only because my brother had just started school nearby and we wanted to be in the same vicinity as him during our stay. I knew it would be a gamble because many holiday inns are disgusting, but I figured we'd take a chance.We checked in and out easily and quickly, though none of the staff was particularly friendly. They did have our room ready on time, so that was a plus. It's a huge holiday inn with tons of people going in and out and a very crowded lobby. If you needed personal attention, that would probably be a problem but since we are familiar with NY, it was ok for us. The main problem was the room. We stayed in Tower B on the 5th floor. The room was OLD. Stained carpets, faded bed spreads, cracks in the bathroom, very old furniture, etc. The window in our room had fingerprints all over it (in other words, hadn't been cleaned in a long time). The beds were very worn, with a big divet in the center from so many people having slept on them. The sheets were worn (some discoloration/stains on them as well). The bed was bouncy and uncomfortable and the pillows very lumpy. Air conditioner is 100 years old, very noisy and not very cool. The bathroom was ok except for a very old shower curtain and MOLD on the ceiling. Black mold all over the ceiling. Gross!The bottom line is, it's hard to stay in a room like that and feel comfortable. You feel grossed out because everything is dirty and worn and you feel unclean even after you bathe and you can't sleep comfortably. In addition, there were several trays of half eaten food in front of one of the doors in our hallway on Saturday when we checked in. On Monday when we checked out, THEY WERE STILL THERE. Over 48 hours had passed, and half eaten food was all over the hallway. The elevators are also old and gross and smell. Some people are not picky at all and I realize that and they probably wouldn't be bothered by any of that stuff but for me, it's a huge turn off.I would not stay here again and don't recommend it to anyone who is even slightly picky about where they bathe and sleep.	
Sep 1 2008 	not good	We spent five nights in the Holiday Inn and we were not impressed, apart from its location ,which is in walking distanceto most things ,it has nothing else going for itthe whole building needs a good deep clean and update, in our room someone had drawn over the walls in red crayon , our bedding had cigarette burn holes in it, and the bathroom was horrid with the artex falling off the ceiling when we had a shower.If you can stay some where else..	
Aug 28 2008 	Comfortable rooms good location	I stayed in this hotel twice in August 2008. Once on the 8th floor of the A tower, second time on 3rd floor. Hotel is centrally located, close to Central Park and subway. Rooms were spacious, ok equiped and beds comfortable. Bathrooms somewhat small and without good lighting, but also ok. Both times my rooms were facing the street and it was pretty loud diring the night. Earplugs solved that problem. During my second stay I discovered that my bathroom was not cleaned (don't ask me what I found there..). They appologized and quickly gave me other room and breakfast voucher. They said there is nice swimming pool on the roof of the hotel. However, opened only between 10a.m and 6p.m. so I didn't have chance to see it. Overall, this hotel represents good quality for the money I paid.	
Aug 25 2008 	Great Hotel	Excellent location. Great base to get to all the amazing attractions that NYC has to offer. Hotel rooms very confortable with a great selection of amenities for a 3 star hotel. Massive beds that are very welcomed after a long days sightseeing in the city.Plenty of places for breakfast nearby namely Moonrock diner on 57th. Great service and very good food.No hesitation whatsoever in recommending this hotel	
Aug 19 2008 	Good Value for the Money	Well located...very reasonably priced hotel in Manhattan. We stayed four days. Room is a good size for the city, very clean with very comfortable beds. No safe in the room however..so plan accordingly. We are two women who travel to NYC on business a few times a year. We would not hesitate to return to this hotel. Not luxurious but clean, comortable and in a fine part of town.	
Aug 15 2008 	Bad Breakfast and dirty glasses	This Holiday Inn did not have the classy touches to which we are accustomed in other Holiday Inns. For example, the Holiday Inn in Charleston, S.C. had free fresh fruit and bottled water at the front desk. The breakfast smorgasboard was impeccable and could suit ANY tastes. The breakfast at NY-57th was limited and truly not delectable or attractive. The glasses were dirty. Internet was provided free (with access code) at the Charleston Holiday Inn. When I asked about this at the front desk, I was told that there are different owners of Holiday Inns across the world. So, well, there you have it. But, we won't be staying at Holiday Inn-57th again. Oh yes, the bathrooms need to be cleaner.	
Aug 12 2008 	Great location - Good Value for the Money	Would definitely recommend this hotel. Room was very large - bathroom was a bit tight and slightly dated. Staff was very attentive . Location was superb - close to the action but on a quiet street. - 2 blocks from the park. Rooftop pool was much nicer than expected - big pool and lots of lounge chairs. Had dinner @ the Eatery which was close by --- VERY good - reasonable prices and hip atmosphere. Be sure to consider this hotel when visiting NYC.	
Aug 12 2008 	It's aall about the location!	I stayed here for 4 days in June for some pre tour sightseeing.MY freinds had a arrived a day before and got a smoking room which is odd as they are non smokers and their room stank of cigerette smoke.Thankfully I had a non smoking room.The room was extremely large and more than enough room for luggage etc The bathroom was very very small but the showerhead was amazing!We chose this hotel due to it's location.Midtown is the perfect place to stay for NY sightseeing.The subway is close by and it is an easy walk to times square.Overall this is not a posh hotel by any stretch but it is clean and close to everything.	
Aug 12 2008 	Been there before will come back again	This is one of very few reasonably priced, but still nice hotels in Manhattan. It is not right in the heart of the action, but is near it in a nice residential neighborhood. For me, this provides some reprieve from the craziness of Midtown, and a little feeling of living like a local.Definitely a tourist hotel, with lots of bus tour groups, Brits and other Euros.This is also a great value for regional travellers, as valet parking is *only* $25 per night; a bargain for Manhattan.The rooms are standard size for an American hotel, which is to say quite large for Manhattan. Furnishings are contemporary, though institutional.My only serious complaint is the use of double beds instead of queens in the &quot;two double&quot; rooms, and uncomfortable, institutional mattresses.In room fridge would have been nice, though drinks did stay cold on the A/C vent.	
Aug 8 2008 	No surprises - a pleasant surprise for a family vacation	Travelling with kids, a hotel with a pool was the key consideration in our decision to pick this Holiday Inn Midtown. It was the only only hotel in our price range with a decent sized pool in the area we wanted to stay. That the pool shut down at 6 PM was a bit disappointing but not the end of the world - there is more than enough to do in Manhattan. For those looking for a Manhattan hotel with a pool, it is important to note that the outdoor pool is seasonal - it is only open in the summer.Needing a hotel room for a week long vacation in New York, we chose this hotel. We were not disappointed. It was well located and, despite being tired as some of the other reviews note, well kept up and clean.And the rooms are big for New York - at least at this price. We had a room with two double beds, two adults, two kids, two days of shopping and all of the stuff that that entails. It was the size of a standard hotel room in places where space is not at a price premium or even a bit bigger. The staff was tremendously helpful - a plumbing issue in the bathroom was fixed promptly. The concierge provided good recommendations for meals and advice on airport transfers that would be cheaper and more convenient than a yellow taxi.The only disappointment was the restaurant breakfast. (We did not have other meals in the hotel). But it was still adequate - although three (of four) dirty juice glasses on the table left an impression that the restaurant`s management was not really focussed on details. But that should not really be a concern - there are so many delis and restaurants around the hotel that decent meals can be had quickly at a good price within a very few blocks of the hotel.	
Aug 6 2008 	It's pretty good. I was pleased	You know.....when you are in NYC you don't plan on staying in your room very much. When you are there you want to be relaxed, get a good nice sleep, and have a warm shower. This place will give you that. It is close to, but out of the crazyness, of the whole down area. I was there for 4 days with family and friends. I had a room that overlooked downtown and the pool. I did not take in the pool, but there were always a bunch of people there. The consiearge service people were great. I didn't eat at the resturant there and overpaid for a Coke and water at the bar ($10). This place is not going to pamper you and you wont be in the lap of luxary by any means. The rooms are a great size and were clean. Beds were comfortable and the room was quiet. the would be great for budget families and people who are going to spend most of thier time out and about in the city. We were a few blocks away from the subway which could take you up or down the island very quickly and easily. Taxis were always around. Overall it was a solid place to stay.	
Aug 3 2008 	Loved the pool	Holiday Inn Midtown NYC - Loved the pool!Our family of four (my husband and I and our two teenage daughters) just spent eight nights at this hotel, and we would stay here again in a heartbeat! Service was great, the room was large, air conditioning worked well, and we were also able to open the windows. The bathroom was a bit tight, but that's life with two teenagers! The sink area was separate from the bath and toilet, which was a help. But the best thing about this hotel was the pool! We arrived in the middle of a heat wave, and the 11th floor outdoor pool saved us! Hot and tired from sight-seeing, we arrived each day at the pool at about 4 pm, and spent a few hours cooling off and lounging about on the plentiful lounge chairs. By 6 pm (when the pool closes), we were ready to head out for dinner and more NYC excitement. ( bring along one of those little travel clothes lines with the suction cups, so you can hang your bathing suits over the tub). All in all this hotel was a fabulous choice for our family.	
Aug 1 2008	Great Location!	This hotel is in a great location but the property is old and the rooms look old as well but they were clean. I was a little concerned with noise at night but found this to be a quiet section of NY and we were never awakened during the night. I will certainly stay at this hotel on my next visit to NYC. I found the front desk staff to be less than attentive but this is NYC and you dont visit here for the outstanding customer service. The bellmen were really good but they are working for tips. I would recommend this hotel to anyone traveling on a &quot;family&quot; type budget. There are plenty of great delis and restaurants within walking distance and a subway entrance is just two blocks away. Overall I think the hotel did a good job.	
Jul 29 2008 	Nice Surprise	When booking this hotel we didn't expect much. It's been years since we've stayed at a Holiday Inn. We were pleasantly surprised.Our room was huge! The most spacious room we've had in any of our stays in NYC. We were in the North Tower on the 5th floor. We had a king bed with a large desk and chair along with another lounge chair and ottoman. Of course the night stands and the TV armoir. The bathroom was small consisting of the toilet and shower only. Excellent shower pressure and HOT water. The vanity was seperate off the main room, which I love. I was thrilled with the space.The only other amenitiy we used was the rooftop pool for a couple hours. It too was surprisingly great. Very clean! They have one side of the roof for the pool and lounge chairs only. The other side has tables for eating and more lounge chairs. Very nice.Our only complaint was the noise we heard from the other rooms. The rooms don't seem sound proof at all. Every time a toilet flushed or a shower ran from the room next door or across the hall, it woke us up. It was quite loud. For the location, the value, and the room we would stay again.	
Jul 27 2008 	Good Value for New York	New York - Holiday Inn 57th Street.We had booked a 10 night stay in the hotel for 3 people sharing a 2 double bedroom. I had selected the hotel having read some comments from reveiws on Trip Advisor. There were some positive reports in there along with some negative comments. If you are booked to stay here - do not worry you have not made a bad choice. Upon arrival the reception staff were business like but not over-helpful or friendly. - Although if you ask clearly for a particular facility or request we found it was always met.The corridors and rooms were generally tired looking and in need of refurbishment. The rooms were clean and of a good size. The bathroom was clean and the shower worked effectively with plenty of hot water always available. We had 2 double beds in the room and the air conditioning system worked effectively throughout our stay. I had requested prior to our arrival a non-smoking room facing the rear of the hotel on the 9th floor or above. I was told that our request could not be gauranteed but we got exactly what had been requested. We had no disturbance from the noise during our stay. The longer we were there the more we appriciated our choice of hotel, which we basically used as a place to sleep and nothing more. There was no safe in the room, but a safe deposit box was provided free of charge at the reception. The staff also arranged our transport back to the airport at the end of our stay and this worked pefectly. We requested a late departure on our final day leaving the room at 6.00pm. We paid an extra $99 + tax, and this also worked out perfectly.We did not eat in the hotel, but did use the bar and the swimming pool on the roof. The pool was a real bonus, but this closes at 6.00pm each day. I would stay here again as we found the staff to be helpful when any request was made. There are also a number of very good restaurants and breakfast diners on 9th Avenue. The subway is only a 5 minute walk away and we covered the whole of New York by using the 7day sub-way pass at $24 - this must be one of the bargins of the year. The MoonRock Cafe and Route 66 provide good breakfasts and restaurants of particular mention are Thai Basil ( Nothing to do with Faulty Towers), Puccini, Kashkaval and Sombrero.Enjoy your stay.	
Jul 23 2008	A bit tired	Stayed at this hotel for three nights at the start of East-West tour of USA. It is in a good location and comfortable enough.Some parts of the hotel are a bit tatty and a little tired would be the best description.	
Jul 22 2008 	Not a Great Stay	We stayed here for our annual girls night out in the city. The room was adequate, although during the night we discovered we had a broken latch on our window and it wouldn't stay shut. The next morning we got stuck in an elevator. It was over 5 minutes before hotel personnel responded to our ringing of the alarm bell. There was no telephone in the elevator. We were stuck over 20 minutes in 90 degree plus weather and hotel management was not at all solicitous towards us when we finally got out. Would only recommend this hotel if you're looking to save money and don't care about being treated well.	
Jul 21 2008 	Average	I stayed for one night as part of a business trip and felt that it was adequate for such a short stay. The shortcomings might have been more irritating on a longer stay.The hotel is quite dated (like most Holiday Inn's these days) but functional. It does seem very heavily used by tour groups, and it's probably better suited for this purpose than business because the internet is glacial and taxis hard to come by.It's a bit out of the way (for a Midtown hotel) - not a long walk to the sites really, but not in the thick of the action either. It gives the place a fairly underwhelming atmosphere. .My only advice is to ask for a room on the lowest possible (or highest possible) floor. The lifts are tiny, very slow and don't have programmed &quot;intelligence&quot;. I saw many people from floors 3-14 stranded because the lifts were full of people from higher floors.Overall, the hotel was reasonable value for money, though more by comparison to the high prices charged by similar chains than for anything particularly uplifting. Solidly three star but it seems the hotel management is trying hard.	
Jul 2 2008 	Perfect Budget Hotel!	I stayed here with a group of Girlfriends in March. It was the perfect hotel to explore the city. The rooms were huge! Lots of room to store the shopping and extra bags! The rooms were spotless and cleaned daily. The ice machines in the halls were very handy. I will be fefinately staying here when I go back to New York. If you are looking for a budget hotel to stay for a few days of shopping this is it. Its not luxury but your not paying for luxury! It is the perfect place to discover New York!	
Jun 23 2008 	slooooww internet	Stayed here for 3 nights on a business trip. I only came to my room to sleep. Unfortunately I still had to get some work done from my room so I used the free internet and I have to say it was slooow. I think they regulate internet access since it is a decent sized hotel.The room was adequate, Checking in was quick. I forgot to check out but called them from my office and checked out. No issues with that. Location is not a great advantage anywhere in Manhattan since you are just a stones throw away from some sort of action. But yes, if you fancy a walk in Central park after a long day, it is not too far.All in all, an average hotel. I would not mind staying here again. For the price, definitely got my moneys worth except for the low speed internet.	
Jun 21 2008 	Softest towels ever!	We stayed at Holiday Inn Midtown on the recommendation of a friend. He stayed there for business a few years ago. We had a room on the 17th floor so we had a long ride whenever we went somewhere. The rooms were clean but the tub stopped draining one day and we complained about it. They sent up maintenance while we were out but the next time it was still somewhat clogged. The next day it worked fine. As for restocking the room, the housekeepers gave us new soap everyday but I had to get my own shampoo from their closet. The best thing about the place was that THEY HAVE THE SOFTEST TOWELS I HAVE EVER HAD IN A HOTEL. I have stayed at some 5 star places that could get some lessons from this place. The AC worked fine since it was during heat wave in NYC. We didn't eat at the hotel and didn't use the pool. The desk staff was nice enough. The concierge doesn't work for the hotel and didn't really do much when we asked for help getting tickets to a show. I would stay there again if I had to, but would look for someplace closer to Times Square or further downtown when we go again.	
Jun 17 2008 	Decent Hotel	I stayed here for one night after my flight out of NYC was cancelled. The lobby and room were both average: nothing to write home about, but both were tastefully decorated and clean. The bed was comfortable. The bathroom showed its age a bit, but the fixtures worked well. The room and bathroom were both above average in terms of size. The hotel is in a nice location for many attractions. The price was also very reasonable for Manhattan. This is a good choice for those looking for a decent hotel at a reasonable price.	
Jun 9 2008	It's New York!!!	I was apprehensive about booking rooms at this location after reading the reviews on this website. However, after hours of researching hotels, I decided to take my chances. Yes, it's a Holiday Inn that you would normally pay $80 a night for elsewhere. But this is New York City, try and find another room this large and with this rate at the time that you want it. I arrived to find that the staff was very helpful. The restaurant staff was very personable also. Yes, gratuity was added in ...but most places in NY are this way. What is the old saying....&quot;When in Rome....&quot;. I will say that in Tower B that air conditioning is something to be desired. I tried to keep the drapes pulled so that the afternoon heat did not heat the room anymore than needed, but as we were not in the room much, we learned to cope with it. Other than than the air and maybe an update to the bathroom, this hotel was okay. Not the best I've stayed at , but again it's New York City!!	
Jun 8 2008	Just as good on my second visit	I stayed at this Holiday Inn in March 2006, and again in April 2008. On both occasions, I couldn't have been happier. When I booked this latest time, I requested a non-smoking room and also mentioned the room number I had been in on my previous visit. I asked if I could have a room in a similar position, as I had loved the view over the downtown area. I was delighted when I checked in to find the staff had actually given me the exact same room. The room was - once again - clean, comfortable and quiet. The breakfast in the downstairs restaurant was good too. I will certainly return to this hotel if I am lucky enough to visit New York again.	
Jun 7 2008 	OK For One Night	We arrived with our car, and the attendants took care of it immediately. We were checked in early without any problems. The room was clean and everyone was helpful. The only problem was the air conditioning. It was set at the lowest temperature, but the room was hot and stuffy. The location is great! You can walk to everything.	
Jun 3 2008 	Holiday Inn Midtown	Being a Priority Club member, I have stayed in a lot of Holiday Inns across the country. When we decided to visit New York, I checked out the prices and discovered the Holiday Inn Midtown to be reasonably priced, compared to other hotels within walking distance of Times Square. The location was good--two blocks from the subway and 10 minutes walk from Times Square. But the hotel itself was a disappointment. Lots of painting was going on during our stay, so our first impression wasn't the best. The room was a good size, but even at the coldest setting, the air-conditioning was less than satisfactory. There were cobwebs in the corners of the ceiling, and the coffee maker looked like it hadn't been dusted in quite a while. The paint in the tiny bathroom was peeling, but other than that the place was clean. We stayed four nights and asked that the bedding be changed after the second night. One of the new sheets was torn. The desk personnel were friendly, but the concierge was abrupt and always in a hurry. The internet service in the hotel did not work the entire length of our stay. When we went to the cafe to use our free continental breakfast coupons, we waited15 minutes without any acknowledgement from the waiter, so we left. I guess you get what you pay for, but this was the worst experience I've had with a Holiday Inn and paid the highest room rate ever. I don't think I'll be returning to this hotel.	
Jun 3 2008 	Dont go there!	First impressions when we entered the hotel lobby was only okay, then approached the front desk only to be greeted by the rudest people i have ever met! From leaving the elevator to our room the smell off the carpet, old green carpet and dirty walls we were not impressed at all, then went into the room to be greeted by a dirty bedspread, white net curtains that were supposed to be white but a filty dirty yellow colour. Honeslty if anyone is thinking of staying in this hotel DONT, for the the money we paid for it, i think it was altogether €830 for four nights which was ridiculous and you do not get a breakfast in the morning. I wouldnt mind spending the money if you are getting good value for it, but here you are not. One things for sure if it was a hotel in Ireland or Uk, it would be closed down. we are a young couple and very easy going, but this took the biscuit, i know you probably say to yourself sure all we want is a bed, but when there is a smell off your pillow as you go to bed at night you begin to wonder has the rooms ever been properly cleaned!	
May 31 2008 	No rave review here	My husband and I stayed here on the last three days of our honeymoon, and I have to say our first impressions of the hotel were not great. Upon arrival we checked into our room, only to be given a smoking room. We requested a non-smoking room, to be told there were none available at all, but if we were to come back by 9am the next morning we could be swapped the next day. When we got to our room it had two double beds, which were tiny and basically resulted in my husband and I sleeping in separate beds for the remainder of our honeymoon. The stench of cigarette smoke was by far the worst I've ever smelt in my life, and it reminded me of some seedy dark bar. It caused my husbands asthma to flare up as well. When we arrived at our room the television was on, and would not turn off at all. When we called front desk for assistance, it seemed like we were causing them much inconvenience, and the handyman also seemed a bit peeved to be called out. The next morning at 8.15am we went to the front desk to follow up on our request for a non-smoking room, only to be met by a very unpleasant staff member behind the desk. She told us that we could not be assigned another room, because we already had one, and there was nothing actually broken or wrong with the room to warrant a change. I understand if the hotel is fully booked however she was quite rude in the manner of dealing with our request, which annoyed me the most. Cleanliness was not great - we left our room at 8.15am one morning and I noticed some breakfast dishes in the hallway outside one of the rooms...no big deal except that the exact same dishes and leftover food were still sitting there when we returned at 5pm that day!Unfortunately those few small things managed to really sour my view of this hotel. The rooms were generally adequate and other staff were quite helpful. The location was fabulous, easy to walk to lots of food shops, broadway and times square. My advice to other travellers would be that if you want a queen size bed and non-smoking room, be absolutely clear WHEN YOU BOOK that you must have those and that you will not compromise!	
May 27 2008 	Adequate accomm.	This hotel is perfectly adequate if you are travelling to New York and don't want to blow most of you budget on your accommodation. We were a group of 3 girls on a shopping trip for 4 days. We had a room with two double beds. The room was pretty big - well able to hold all our stuff plus all our shopping. Having the washbasin outside the bathroom was a bit strange but we got over it. The hotel is in a good location with a bus just around the corner which goes downtown. it's only a 5-10 min walk fron Central Park. Overall I'd stay here again if just using as a base for shopping / touring and not looking for luxury.	
May 17 2008	As good as you need	Stayed for 5 nights &amp; found the hotel fine. The room was so much bigger than we expected, unsure at first that the basin was outside the bathroom but it worked really well in the end as my partner could shave in peace while i hogged the bathroom. The bedwas really comfy. One night we used the bar &amp; found it very quiet &amp; didnt bother again.Location was fab, approx about 12 mins walk to Times Square.Unfortunately on the last day my partner left his wallet in a cab but the staff were amazing &amp; couldnt have been more helpful - in the end the manager asked his friend to run us to the airport as we were really pushed for time for our flight home (we waited as long as possible trying to locate the cab). During our journey to the airport the manager rang his friend &amp; he retuened us quickly to the hotel as the wallet had been handed in, complete with everything untouched.Would recommend this hotel, the time you spend in the hotel is so limited it suited us fine. Although it could do with a make over	
May 10 2008 	Better than I thought	I needed to be in NYC for one night with my fiance for an event on the upper east side on May 2, 2008. All the hotels in that area were running $400+ and I didn't want to spend that much money. I wasn't willing to try the &quot;hostel&quot; experience - I'm just not one for sharing bedrooms and bathrooms. So after searching for over two weeks for a hotel on all the sites: orbitz, kayak, expedia, etc. I finally found the Holiday Inn with an availability for under $350. I called the hotel directly and they offered me $310 for the night.I reserved the room and read all the reviews on TripAdvisor. It looked a little run down, but safe and clean and a convenient 10-15 minute walk to our event on E. 61st Street.Our check-in went fast and our hotel room was ready as soon as we arrived. Service was very friendly and helpful. We valeted my car in their underground garage for $25 overnight (half of what the garage across the street was charging!). We had a standard 2 double bed room, the beds were confortable and clean. The bathroom was clean as well. Very small but typical of many New York hotels. Because I was only in town for one evening, we never had a chance to check out the hotel restaurant or room service so I can only review the actual room that I stayed in (Room #1004). Overall, it was a surprisingly a nicer hotel than the pictures online portray. If you're traveling to New Yotk City and need a reasonable hotel to stay that is right next to Central PArk and a 15 minute walk to 5th Avenue, I recommend this Holiday Inn.	
May 9 2008 	By New York standards perfectly decent	As seasoned travellers to New York, we know not to expect too much from affordable hotel accommodation in a good Manhattan location. The Holiday Inn Midtown was fine - clean and comfortable with helpful staff. It was the only place we've stayed that let us check in early and out late at no extra cost. When we had a problem printing our boarding passes at their business centre, they refunded our money and allowed us into their backoffice to use their PCs. Service was excellent. Liked the free daily newspapers and pillow menu. The few problems we had were fixed within 5 mins of calling housekeeping - TV reception, bulb blew in bedside lamp, blocked toilet. We had a room at the back overlooking the rooftop pool so we didn't have problems with traffic noise.Location was excellent. 9th Ave between about 50th and 57th is full of good restaurants. Our favourites were Eatery (but it gets v busy so best to book ahead), Wondee Siam II, Q2 Thai, Mangia i Bevi. There's also a kind of hole in the wall of a shop that sells great pizza by the enormous slice for $2.50. We enjoyed being a bit away from the mayhem that is 34th-42nd streets. We've stayed in those parts before and found it too busy and noisy.There are a few subway stations nearby and Central Park is a short walk away. We were sligthly anxious that the hotel was a bit of a walk from anywhere but we needn't have worried. I'm 6 months pregnant and managed no problem to walk everywhere.Only gripes about the hotel were:The plumbing: although the shower was very powerful, it tended to cut out and vary in temperature from time to time. The bath towels: these were the size of a postage stamp and would barely go round me without a big pregnant bump in the way!The lifts: these were fine until a large group of tourists were all checking out at the same time and it took - no exaggeration - 25 minutes to get from the lobby to our room on 17th floor and back.The decor: we always laugh at how backwards US decor is in comparison to the standards comparable European hotels. Holiday Inn was fine, just a little dated.All in all a good hotel and we'd definitely go back if we got a good deal again.	
May 3 2008 	Just ok.	Stayed at this hotel for 3 nights on our first trip to NYC. Location is great....you can walk to loads of places very easily. There's a subway nearby. Can't fault the rooms for size but the standard of cleanliness was just ok. The whole place is desperately in need of a revamp. The bathroom was the most basic I've ever experienced in a North American hotel.The &quot;bell boys&quot; were a bit strange! (All very big men in sharp suits. ) At no time did anyone offer help with luggage. No-one was rude exactly but they were very offhand &amp; just a wee bit intimidating! Go across the street to the Morning Star diner for breakfast. Great food &amp; extremely friendly staff who are more than happy to give you directions &amp; advice on the best way to get around. Definitely do the movie location walking tour of Central Park....great fun !!As I said the hotel has an excellent location and the room was big but if we visit NYC again ( and we'd love to ....it's a fabulous city!!) I wouldn't choose to stay here.	
Apr 29 2008 	great location	I took my daughters, ages 13 and 11, to New York for a mother/daughter weekend. We had Holiday Inn points so we stayed at the one on 57th St. I thought the hotel was perfect for what we wanted to use it for....a place to sleep. We spent very little time in the hotel. We arrived at noon and were able to check right in and go to our room ...we didn't have to wait until 3:00 for check in as is customary with most hotels. We didn't get back to our room until after 11:00 both nights. The room was pleasant and we thought the beds and pillows were comfortable. Although that could have been because we were dead tired every night. Because of the location we walked everywhere we went. I had read reviews about the staff being rude but I did not have that experience. Everyone we encountered on our trip was friendly and helpful. Some reviews also complained about dirty or smelly rooms. Again, that was not our experience. We are not pretentious about where we sleep as long as it's clean, quiet and cool. That is exactly what we got here. Our room was on the 5th floor of tower B. Only once did I hear a door shut...other than that it was extremely quiet. It was rather warm in the room the first afternoon but the next day we closed the curtains to prevent the hot sun from coming in and it was nice and cool when we returned in the late afternoon. I would recommend this hotel to a family or young people who want to spend most of their time out enjoying the city. It's not fancy but it's a good value and excellent location for anyone who wants a quiet, comfortable, clean place to lay their heads.	
Apr 23 2008	here at last	After travelling from Washington then Baltimore on to the Niagara Falls we were glad to arrive at our destination.The hotel was fine and central,clean room,the only fault we found was the lobby staff were a bit abrupt.This was our second visit to the city if we ever returned we would find different accommodation.	
Apr 21 2008	Great location but not good value	Great location for touring, but so many other things were dysfunctional I wouldn't recommend to anyone. A/C is only functional by the hotel; no individual control. The room was more than 80 after the hot afternoons. I felt like we were in the hot south with no a/c. Hotel gave us a very small fan. No exhaust fan in the bathroom. The closet area was dark and stinky. No one told us how the windows opened even after complaining to the front desk of a hot room. Mattresses were old and soft.	
Apr 20 2008 	Decent stay but better options	Don't know what was paid for the hotel, so I really cannot comment on the value. Basically this is a no frills HI that would be less than $100/night anywhere than NYC. Ok but you'd get a much better deal via any travel site, or do better paying a little more for nicer digs. Good: decent but small lobby; rooms were actually large by NYC standards; had interior courtyard room away from city noise, which was good since we were on a low floorOther: rooms were spread in other towers, odd configuration; average basic furnishing and linens; mixed cleaningBad: small double beds when two queens could have easily fit; very noisy with hall/neighbors, dated dirty small bathroom	
Apr 16 2008 	Great Value for Money	We booked this hotel after much research, a little wary of some of the reviews, but the price for the position was the best by far that we could get. Myself, partner, and 2 teenage boys shared a room and it was fine. As described, clean, functional, but in need of an update. The staff were great - helpful, friendly, and efficient. The position is excellent, not too noisy, we walked everywhere except the most Downtown locations.	
Apr 15 2008	my home in NYC	Have stayed here a few times and would have no reason to go anywhere else. A group of us stayed there during the NY marathon. Staff were nice. My priority card meant something and I liked that. Could skip Q and could extend check out to afternoon at no cost. This is by far the best hotel I have stayed in in NYC at the price. Rooms are up to the higher Holiday Inn standard and are perfectly clean. Lifts are a problem OK there is not enough of them. Bar is fine and breakfast typical USA. Food is not an issue with so many diners and restaurants nearby. You can order in for a late snack if you want. Location is fine being about 5 minutes walk to 59st Subway and about 15 minutes walk to Times Sq. Its in what looks like a good neigbourhood nicely near but nicely away from the hussle bussle.I will be back.	
Apr 10 2008 	Big rooms good location	Just returned from 5 days staying at the Holiday Inn with my teenage daughter and it was aboslutely fine for our requirements. The rooms were big. Much bigger than other hotels I've stayed at in the city, which is great when coming back with loads of shopping and for spreading out. The bathroom had a separate toilet which is a bonus and while not huge it was perfectly adequate and the whole place was very clean. OK it isn't spanking new and the lobby, lifts and restaurant all feel very functional rather than stylish. But it's a Holiday Inn so you should know what to expect. We had breakfast on the first day only and that was typical hotel fare and the cost of drinks in the bar were high. But to be honest unless you're staying in one of the top places who goes to a big city like New York and eats or drinks in the hotel?Staff were friendly and helpful and concierge didn't try and rip me off when asking about tickets suggesting I book direct rather than through her which is a good sign.The real bonus was the location, I was a bit worried when I booked as on a map it looks a little bit out of the way. But it was perfect for what we wanted. It's a 10 min walk to the subway, the edge of Central Park and Columbus Circlethe 20 mins to the City Line ferry terminal, 15 mins to Times Square and 10 mins to Park Avenue etc. I'd considered staying near Times Square but the real benefit with this hotel is that it is in a residential neighbourhood, so it's pretty quiet and there are a few local shops and delis within 200m.It is right on the edge of the Hells Kitchen area and the walk down 9th Avenue towards Times Square passes loads of bars, restaurants and cafes that have a good local vibe and feel to them. It's certainly not Soho or Greenwich Village as it still has the big wide roads but it felt far more real and les touristy than some other areas.Maybe not ideal if you are planning to be back and forth to the hotel all day but that will depend on where you want to be in the City and the closeness of the subway means that pretty much everywhere is easily accessible.	
Apr 7 2008 	Exactly what we expected	For $220 per night (£120) between 3 of us, we think we got a bargain for the 4 nights we stayed! The room was basic, but large and clean: Staff courteous and maid service every day. We have used Holiday Inn all over the world, and this compares favourably. After all, it's only somewhere to sleep, and that was no problem - we were on the 4th floor at the back, no external noise at all.After reading other reviews, we tried Route 66 Diner on 9th Ave for breakfast - just the once, very disappointed with the service so we then tried Moonrock Diner on W 57th between 9th &amp; 8th: what a difference! great service, excellent food and much more comfortable.Be warned, when eating/drinking in New York, before leaving a tip, check your bill as 15% service charge seems to be the norm now (some charge 20% for parties of 6 or more).In addition, some waiting staff still expect a gratuity on top!!!!!Overall, New York was a pleasant experience, suitably enhanced by the £-$ exchange rate. We went with suitcases half empty and filled them with bargains, particularly from World of Golf (W34th opposit Macys) and Golfsmith(E54th between 3rd &amp; Lexington)	
Apr 7 2008	Needs a serious update	Stayed for 5 nights at the Holiday Inn 57th Street - this is now the second visit. I remember it was fairly average first time round but certainly nothing has changed. The rooms are a decent size for New York and location isn't too bad for Central Park and walking to Times Square.Unfortunately the whole hotel is now in serious need of updating - the lobby, restaurant, lifts and rooms probably haven't been changed in 10 years and even then they were probably still another 10 years behing the times. The bathroom is so basic and awful that you could cry when you first see it. Queues for the lift every day are a nightmare - you could walk down the stairs instead but bizarrely in &quot;A&quot; Tower, you end up walking out into the street rather than going into the lobby. The staff are pretty much OK but don't really go that little extra distance for you. The hotel is always so full (or, as the check-in staff admitted, always overbooked) that there is little chance of changing rooms.Only recommended if you get a good deal - don't pay over the odds for this as it really isn't worth it!	
Apr 2 2008 	Good price no real complaints and smoking rooms!	Just got back, stayed from 27/03/08 for 3 nights- two 60+ couples, first visit to N.Y.Booked via Hotel web-site. by pre-paying we got two 2 double beds rooms for £136 pn each. Rooms were very spacious and clean, we were on the 2nd and 3rd floor and heard little noise except on one night when there was a do on and it was loud but a quick call downstairs and reception assured us it would finish at midnight, which it did.Drinks in bar expensive $8 for a small glassof wine. $22 for a bottle- go round the corner and you could get 11/2 litres for $11, and you can buy a corkscrew from the local liquor store (open until midnight ) Breakfast was good , $53 for Juice ,tea/coffee, bowl of fruit (to share) ,eggs,bacon ,fried potatoes and toast, for four including taxes. No problem getting about, walking to Times Sq enabled us to come across districts we might have missed , 46th St 8th Av-Jazz club plus 3 course meal $25. We also got the 48 hour Grayline pass, which included a free night time tour. Staff?! Fella on the Tours and info desk was really friendly and helpful. Plenty of bell boys ( yes they still call them this) but no offers to show us our room or carry our bags- and we had a tip ready. Bags were stored for no charge on last day , even though the notice said there was a charge of $1 per bag,When we went to pick up the bags ,we were asked if we would like them to order a taxi to JFK For $60- we pointed out that the flat rate was $45 but the odious fella said we would have to pay tolls and tips and may have to wait a while if we tried to get one ourselves- this worried beloved so we agreed. I followed him out and he just hailed a cab and got one within a minute- deffo a scam and left an unpleasant taste after a good stay.No problem with lifts ,always available and it was nice getting a smoking room withuot feeling like a social outcast	
Mar 25 2008 	Terrible customer service	Stayed at this hotel for 3 nights over the St. Patrick's Day weekend. The hotel clearly does not train their employees on the value of good customer service. When we checked in, the front desk clerk looked up our reservation and said we had booked a smoking room with two double beds. My friend that booked the room, who is clearly pregnant, said no, I booked a NON smoking room with two double beds. The clerk proceeded to be argumentative and said that they were completely booked and had only a non-smoking room with one king bed or a smoking room with two double beds. We decided to try the &quot;smoking&quot; room with the two double beds and got our keys. Upon entering the room, it became apparent that the clerk gave us the wrong room - she gave us the non smoking with the one bed. Hmmm. Went back downstairs and another person (perhaps an assistant manager?) helped us. Told her we were given the wrong room. She checked the computer and low and behold, she was able to find us a non-smoking room with two double beds; which is what we had reserved in the first place. Interesting. On our last day, we were sitting in the lobby waiting for our shuttle; sat in worn out chairs with a little round table between the chairs that had a sign that said something to the effect of no eating and no drinking. Really? Can't eat or drink anything in the lobby? It wasn't as if the lobby was at all pristine; it's in desperate need of a serious make-over. Whatever. So after sitting down in the chair with one leg tucked under me (I'm on the short side and my legs didn't reach the ground in that chair!), a guy that was working the bell desk approached us and told me that I needed to put my leg (the one tucked under me) on the floor. REALLY??? Was he being SERIOUS?? The bottom of my shoe was not touching any part of the worn out chair, and the sole of the shoe was rubber so there was no risk of damaging any part of the chair. My friend and I were completely speechless. Absolutely, unbelievably, ridiculous. The hotel staff definitely does NOT make their guests feel welcome at all, nor do they make their guests want to come back! Wanting to complain about this experience, I approached the front desk to get a comment card in order to give them, well, my comments. The clerk said they don't have comment cards, but that I could write my comments on a blank piece of paper and give it to her. Wow -- it just kept getting better and better! By this time I was so completely appalled at the lack of customer service and the lack of motivation on the part of the staff to establish any customer loyalty. With so much competition out there, the company should re-think their policy on customer service. It's the little things that make a trip memorable and keep people coming back. I will never return to this Holiday Inn. No one ever greeted us the entire weekend, whether we were coming or going, or walking through the lobby. I prefer to stay in hotels that treat me like a guest. They don't have to go out of their way to make me feel comfortable, but I do prefer to be treated with respect.	
Mar 24 2008 	March 2008	I wouldn't use this hotel again!I am a Platinum member of the Prioirtyclub -this is the first Intercontinental group of hotels that gave no respect to that status. Usually you get considered for an upgrade, or you get a bottle of water as a minimum -nothing offered or received. Other members beware.The check in staff were edging to-wards being rude. The Female check-in person was unfriendly, unwelcoming, and abrupt.The main gripes were: The lifts -too few and extremely busy with long waits (walking down isn't an option from the 10th or higher floors)The Rooms -noisy (especially at night) - I got very little sleep over the 5 nights we stayed. There were quite a lot of events \ parties in the hotel - one particular event was a teenagers party with quite a lot of unaccompanied youths misbehaving and making quite a lot of noise past midnight. The location is quite good a few hundred metres from Columbus Circle &amp; Central Park, but it is a long way north of Time Square; though the Subway can ease the pain with a station about 500 metres away. However breakfast was excellent value with extremely helpful staff. Something like bacon, eggs, toast, and drinks, was around £3.50. The front of house team could do with being trained by the breakfast crew -excellent service.	
Mar 22 2008	Great Location	Visiting New York for the first time and as we were only there for 4 nights and wanted to see all the main tourist sights we did not see the point in paying over the odds for accomodation. We chose this Holiday Inn based on previous reviews and were not disappointed. Previous descriptions are accurate in that the rooms are clean if in need of some basic decorating. The staff were helpful without being over friendly and in fairness sorted out a mix up over the rooms very quickly and with the minimum of fuss. Previous comments referred to long waits for the lifts but we did not find this a problem.Where this hotel really wins is its location. We found we could walk to Times Square in 10-15 mins and most of the other central attractions were also within walking distance for a relatively fit adult. In summary we would definitely recommend this hotel as a base for seeing the sights of New York but don't expect 5 star luxury.Finally I cannot comment on the food as we did not eat their but can highly recommend the Route 66 Diner which is just around the corner. Try the 'Lumberjack' breakfast, you will not be hungry until night time!	
Mar 20 2008 	This could probably be any other hotel in NY	I am a member of the hotel group and booked The Holiday Inn requesting the usual: a quiet room not near lifts/youngsters on a high floor with good views. I had the misfortune to meet as I checked in a very unprofessional and aggressive young manageress who actually said that 'we do not care if you are a member or not' and 'we treat all our clients alike'. She further gave me a room on the 7th floor Tower B (where everyone could look in my room), no views at all, between a guy that snored most of the night and a guy that coughed all the night and when not, was busy smoking. All the doors could close only with a bang and across the hallway were 2 young girls that came from clubbing talking loudly at 2.30am!!!!!!!. You could hear the elevators, this contributed to a bad very first impression on NY and the hotel. The next day however was a very kind older manageress that said that members should be treated differently and moved me to the 16th floor Tower A with excellent southern views, no noisy neighbours apart from the one above me that played his ball in his room and huge bangs from closing the doors.Conclusions: - the hotel desperately needs a renovation, hallways look old, door are terrible- some hotel staff/managers are very professional, some not- probably weekends are busier and you might have my experience- rooms are large but basic with a coffee machine and child size baths- the hotel is some 15min walk from the downtown's attractions- there are lots of supermarkets/cheap restaurants nearbyTips on NY:- get a NY pass with access to lots of attractions (front of the queue pass in some cases and access to UN where you can send your postal cards with your pic on the stamps!!!!!!!!!!!!)- probably some 75% of the taxi drivers are very rude and they expect a tip or they just take it themselves- for original shoe shops and clothes and not the Designer stuff go to Broadway in Soho or $10 fake designer sun glasses (that come even with security bar code) in Canal St- underground staff is also very rude but New Yorkers are very kind and will go to extreme length to help youIf you go to sleep and wake up with an excellent view and then experience only good things, trust me is very easy to fall in love with New York.	
Mar 19 2008 	don't expect much from the staff!	my boyfriend and i stayed here for 3 nights on a romantic getaway to nyc. while good enough value for money, the staff have to be the nastiest and least helpful and friendly i've ever met!!! specifically those at the concierge desk. they kept trying to rip us off about taxis to the airport etc! i've been to nyc plenty of times before so knew what i was doing, but i don't know how many times the staff tried to tell us the meter would be run in a taxi and we'd be better off paying for a private car that cost much more - it's clearly stated in every yellow cab that the flat fare to jfk is $45 plus tip( which is what we paid in the end when we finally got away from them!!). these guys were trying to get us to book a private car for $60 plus tip and wouldn't let it go(obviously they've their own scam going on)!!!!!the rooms were fine and quite large by new york standards and cleaned daily. breakfast wasn't cheap, so handy if you're stuck! i won't be going back there again, simply beacuse of the staff!	
Mar 13 2008	Better	I stayed here again recently because they finally found some sanity in pricing, and things were a little better.The cafe downstairs still adds gratuity to the tab, but the service has improved. I found if I request a room on the back side (away from the street) of tower A, I'm not wakened by horns and semi trucks at 6am now. It's still a small room with no micro/refer, but at least it's reasonably priced at &lt;$150 a night now.You can't beat the location. It's a safe area, stores everywhere, and subway and taxis are near as well. It's back on my list for the price.	
Mar 9 2008 	Great half-term!	We stayed at the holiday Inn Midtown Feb 20th 2008 for 5 days. Myself &amp; 2 teenage daughters.We had a a large room on the 17th floor overlooking the Hudson river and a great view of the skyscrapers when it snowed.The rooms were clean and we had maid service everyday. The heater was great and the beds the most comfortable I have ever slept on in a hotel. Extra blankets provided minutes after the request. No problems at all.Cannot comment on the restaurant as we preferred to eat out. if you like eggs for breakfast try Route 66 on 9th avenue around the corner and one evening we ate at a Thai restaurant on the same road. it was fabulous!We had the perfect trip.	
Mar 8 2008 	Large rooms	Average hotel, what you would expect for a Holiday Inn - except in the context of NYC, it is above average. Clean and orderly, staff are a bit impersonal but they were helpful. Best feature is its room size - extraordinary compared to other places we stayed at during our trip. A normal sized hotel room by any other standards (with the exception of London). Location is a little out of the way although it is still in Midtown. It's a few blocks away from the subway which in NYC, is about as far as one can get. Good value for money though.	
Feb 29 2008 	It's what you'd expect from a Holiday Inn	Myself and my partner stayed at the Holiday Inn on 57th Street in Feb '08 for 4 days over the weekend.On arrival the frontage is very pleasant, bright and clean. The bell boys were very helpful and right there on leaving the taxi. Carried the bags in on the gold trolley, tipped as is expected.The lobby was large and open with a fully fitted bar situated to the right and down a few steps. The staff at the desk were friendly and pleasant to speak to, no complaints.Our room was on the 16th floor overlooking 57th street. The view was ok over the highrise buildings towards Central Park but no 'landmarks' in sight. Windows could have done with a clean.The room was well-sized, two double beds (only needed one but the other took the cases!) with a clean, although somewhat dowdy and low-lit, bathroom. The bedding was clean and everything worked as expected.The bar area in the lobby was well-equipped however expensive, a vodka/coke and a bottle of lager came to $18.50. The American locals' conversation about NASCAR however, was worth a few bucks.We can't comment on the food as prefered to eat out.The location of the hotel was pretty good, 2 blocks south of Central Park and only a 10 minute walk from Times Square.All in all, it's a Holiday Inn, no frills but what you'd expect. Would stay there again although for the financial district and south Manhattan it is a subway ride or taxi away.	
Feb 16 2008 	A pleasant surprise	A very reasonably priced hotel in an excellent location. Staff friendly and helpful. Rooms spacious and beds comfortable. We would reccomend this hotel to anybody on a tourist visit to New York	
Feb 8 2008	Lovely Stay . from Ireland	Both myself and my Wife visited the states for the first time and booked in to the hotel on Sunday the 3rd of feb. The lobby was spotless which is always a good thing.. First impressions were very favourable.. The Gentleman on the front desk was polite and helpful.. We went to our room on the second floor of the north tower and although the carpet and wallpaper was aged the room and the two doublebeds were again spotless. The rooms all have a coffee maker , iron and an iron board,T.V and hair dryer.. Our room was to the front of the building and it was very very noisy due to street traffic.. I went to the front desk and asked a lady on the desk if i could have a room to the back of the building due to the noise...She was a little blunt with me and said in a boss like voice &quot; But there is nothing wrong with the room&quot;. This is when i turned sour with her, as only a tired Irish man can and asked her if she had been listening to me.. the room was fine the noise was not .. &quot;Do you need a hearing aid&quot;..She quickly gave me a room in the south tower and literally threw the key cards at me... I left them on the desk untill she handed them to me. Every other member of staff that we met were very nice during our stay..there is always one!. The gymnasium staff were really nice people and had time to have a little word with everyone. Breakfast was good and the waiters were all very genuine and hard working people. The beds in the rooms were very comfortable, the best hotel beds that i have ever slept in. Air conditioning in the room was good and multiple settings for the perfect room temp..In a nut shell the hotel is very well located, the Staff except one were very professional and helpfull,The rooms were exceptionally clean and with daily maid service they were kept that way.Allways fresh towells every day.I would like to stay here again on my next trip to this wonderful city.	
Feb 7 2008 	great price huge rooms for NYC	My sisters and I stayed here throughout memorial day weekend this past May. I was expecting a regular holiday inn and figured the rooms would be small..they were anything but. Probably the biggest room you can get in NYC..there was four of us to one room and we were not at all cramped. The bathroom/shower was a little smaller than we would have liked, but it didnt affect our stay whatsoever. We couldnt figure out how to turn the shower on so we called down to the front desk and someone was sent up within 5 minutes from when we made the call. Excellent service. The busboys are wonderful and as soon as you left the hotel lobby to the streets they were hailing cabs down if you needed one. Very efficent. Plus, to park our car there for the weekend was extremely cheap! The only downfall I had was when we checked out of the hotel we put our bags in the storage room so we could walk around before we left. Nothing was stolen, but the man was pretty rude and kept reminding us that whatever we leave here they are not responsible if something happens, etc.. he must have mentioned it 5 times. I would have liked to be a little bit closer to Times Sq and Broadway considering we were there for a girls weekend and theatre trip. But, honestly, for the money you cannot beat it.	
Feb 2 2008 	Typical Holiday Inn. There's better in NYC	I found a very low rate for this hotel ($99.00) on a Thursday night., so decided to try it out based on the reviews I'd seen here. I was surprised to find a typical, not special, holiday inn. The hotel was nothing special. The staff seemed inconvenienced by my presence. From check-in, to the wait staff in the breakfast restaurant, to the really annoyed man who took my money in the breakfast restaurant, to the rather put-off man at check-out who really did not want to make change for a $10.00 bill, everyone was phoning in their customer service. It was the first time in a long time I've experienced such a lack of effort on the hotel's part.The elevators were always crowded. They are simply too small to accommodate the number of guests using them. I was lucky enough to get a top floor room, so could enter the elevator easily. But it always stopped five or six times on the way down, and could really only hold about six people, so people on lower floors were not able to get in (not that they did not try). There is a sign in the elevator that asks guests not to steal the elevator signs. Not a good sign. The room was comfortable and here's one real plus: very quiet. I did not hear any street noise and there was very little plumbing/mechanical noise. I usually wake up a couple of times each night when staying in NYC and slept through the night here. The linen and bathroom were clean and fresh, the bed comfortable, and the television worked very well. The hotel wireless internet was free and worked well. The location is a little north of Times Square and a little out of the way from the sites of NY, but it's just three blocks from the subway and the hotel seemed to do a good job securing cabs, airport transport, etc. for guests. It was worth it to take advantage of the low rate, but I would not say it was in the thick of things. I'd stay here again if the rate were low enough to be a really big saving, such that I would be willing to put up with the indifferent staff and the somewhat dated and overused fascilities.	
Jan 28 2008 	Terrific Family Hotel	Stayed in the busy Holiday week between Christmas and New Year. Absolutely terrific hotel for a family. Had such a bad experience with accommodation back in March in New York was really stressed about bringing the family and suitable accommodation. Holiday Inn was in the perfect spot close enough to walk to times square etc but further enough away that the noise wasn't too bad at night. Nothing fancy here but reasonable sized rooms, clean, well priced and in a good position. Had a fantastic time will always stay there now we have found the Holiday Inn.	
Jan 23 2008 	really good central location	We stayed here for 3 nights in October during a whirlwind tour of NYC. We loved it so much we're going back in May. The hotel is as you would expect from a corporate chain; there's a bar, a restaurant which isn't overly imaginative but the food is good and edible. The room was clean, the shower worked and the bed was comfortable. The parking was handy and not expensive compared with London. Hey, you're in a city. Don't expect miracles. Overall, the staff were friendly; the concierge service was good but don't bother asking for restaurant recommendations. You're only a 5 minute walk from Lincoln Center which has a fabulous steak restaurant, Porterhouse. Not overly expensive and well worth it. You're also only a 10 minute walk from Times Square and the bus tours of NYC which are worth every single penny and some. We booked with Grayline tours; did the uptown, downtown and night time tours and had a great time. The night time journey over the 59th Street Bridge is a bit scary if you don't like heights but the views are superb. These bus tours are a fantastic way to see the city if you've only got a short time. We LOVED Ellis Island and would certainly go back again.	
Jan 16 2008 	Really great hotel	My sister and nieces and myself stayed in the holiday inn. We went to NewYork for a shopping holiday and a chance for a girlie holiday .I have to say the Holiday Inn was a great hotel ,staff were so friendly and helpful .Rooms were to a high standard ,beds were dressed every day and towels were changed and rooms were cleaned on a daily basis .Coffee machines in all rooms this was a big plus we all love our cuppa.Restaurant was great we had breakfast and lunch there on a few occassions .The only little problem we found was we did have a nice walk to get to 5th avenue and macey's. It was at least a 15 /20minute walk .But we loved the hotel it was a great holiday and we will return again to NewYork and stay in the Holiday Inn.	
Jan 8 2008 	All that we required	We stayed here for 4 nights in early December 2006. It was all that werequired. We found the room to be spacious, clean and reasonably quiet(YOU ARE IN NEW yORK FOR GOODNESS SAKE). We were happy with the front desk service and the concierge went out of his way to advise us on howto get where we needed.	
Jan 2 2008 	Good Hotel	This Hotel is fine if you are just going to New York for a shopping trip as we were. The shopping isn't great close to the hotel but a couple of blocks gets you to time square and travelling over a few avenues gets you to 5th, so everything is close enough. It is very close to the subways, the rooms are really big and spacious. They are a little old fashioned but are spotless and good value for money.	
Jan 2 2008 	Good hotel and great price!	So 4 of us booked our trip through hotwire months ago to be in NY for New Years Eve. The price was great! We paid $396 a person for hotel and airefare for two days. Sunday- Tuesday.No problems checking in, Room size was great, bathroom was great size, Staff was very friendly and helpful. Room service was good. Great cheese sticks and chicken strips for a late night snack! Best part about this hotel is the location, it's on a less busy street, so the noise level was not bad at all. We were on the 9th floor and yeah you can hear some cars, but it was hardly something that would wake you in your sleep. This hotel was in walking distance to basically everything, as long as you don't mind walking. FAO Shwartz, Central Park, right down the street. We walked to Time Sqaure, Rockefeller Center, Top of the Rock, tons and tons of shopping. It was great. We got help flagging a taxi when we were leaving, it was raining pretty bad, and the cab was right there waiting for us. It was great. We will stay here everytime we go to NY in the future. A few bad points, nothing major, some wallpaper coming off of the wall in the bathroom behind the toilet. No biggie, oh and the toilet, there was problems flushing it, you just had to put some muscle into it and then it was fine. Nothing I called front desk about. Ice machines are located on even floors and pop machines are located on odd floors, but the pop machines we found were all sold out. Our room didn't have a refrigerator, so that sucked. Bring your own snacks for night. After room service stops, there are a few deli's that are open down the street, but just bring your own snacks so you don't have to walk late at night.	
Dec 31 2007 	Large comfortable room	The Holiday Inn at 57th Street &amp; 9th Ave. is a very good location for seeing the sights of New York City. Right down the block is a subway station where you can get the 8th Ave. express to Greenwich Village - only 3 stops. Try the Route 66 Grill just around the corner for breakfast - very nice wait staff and good food. The hotel room was clean and large - we had two double beds and a rollaway double and could still move around. Bathroom was tiny but it did have a sink area outside the toilet/shower. We weren't there long, but the service we had, including parking, was efficient and polite. They stroed our bags until the evening after we checked out. Did not eat at the restaurant but did go down for takeout coffee which was ok. I would stay there again. Good value for the size of the room - we paid $199 for four people.	
Dec 21 2007 	Good value for NYC	Have stayed here a number of times and it remains a good value for NYC. Most recent stay of earlier this week found the rooms to be very clean. Front desk service was fine. This is nothing fancy but the rooms are quite spacious for NYC, and the prices are very reasonable. Close to Columbus Circle, Central Park, and good delis down the street where you can get a reasonably priced snack.	
Dec 19 2007	Gret Hotel and Great Location	Just back from a girls weekend to New York and we stayed at the Holiday Inn Midtown, we do not have one complaint about this hotel. The front dest staff were very polite and helpful and the rooms are a good size (4 of us in one room) and they are very clean, considering all the shopping that we done, our room was a mess with all the bags but when we came back that evening to our room it was perfect and all our bags neatly piled up by the wall. The location is great if you don't mind a little walking, just minutes from central park and a lovely stroll to 34th Street, even though the subways are just there we walked everywhere, it was great and we found a great little diner on the corner of 9th ave (morning star) the breakfast is hudge and then up the street are 2 great bars...Thumbs up for this hotel from all of us, we would stay there again, great job to all working there...	
Dec 19 2007 	Not bad at all	I was somewhat concerned about this hotel, because I did not find any recommendations and I really just booked it because it was the cheapest hotel I could find in Manhattan at Christmastime.I stayed here 10 straight days including having my family with me for 2 of the days.I know New York and I love it, however, West 57th is VERY noisy all night long. Perhaps its the easy access to the Westside Highway but emergency vehicles are almost constantly coming down 57th. It is also the preferred route for UPS tractor trailers for some reason. I had a third floor room, so I heard everything. For those who might have trouble sleeping in those conditions - be warned.I had a room with double beds, and it is a very spacious room for NYC at the rate I paid. The bathroom is ok, clean, everything works. Housekeeping was excellent, and when my kids were there and made a mess, the room was spotless when we returned. The bedspreads are disgusting and you just want to tear them off immediately. Chintzy old flimsy bedspreads straight from the 80's They need to upgrade. Otherwise bedding was decent and clean. Double beds were very small, and some adults might find them too small to sleep two people.Restaurant has excellent breakfast, but a little pricey. Wait staff was all very nice. General hotel Staff for the most part was very pleasant. Concierge is a very nice lady.Several decent places to eat along 57th, I liked the Morningstar on 9th and 57th and went there once for breakfast, twice for dinner.On one of my last nights there, I had to perform an emergency computer repair and was in need of a phillips head screwdriver. I dont normally carry those kind of tools, so I called front desk and asked if I could borrow one from engineering. They said they would call and send someone up. I had my doubts about whether it would really happen, but 10 minutes later a maintenance guy was at my door and allowed me to use his screwdriver. He stopped by about 1/2 hr later to retrieve it. I just thought that was unusually good service for such an odd request. It was a pleasant surprise.I did not drive into the city, but if you were driving in this is a great hotel, as you can get right off the Westside Highway and park in their garage for a very reasonable price	
Dec 17 2007 	A Lovely Stay	Stayed in this hotel from the 19th to the 23rd of November, 2007.Holiday Inn Midtown was clean, and comfortable. The lobby was grand and the lifts were plentiful and in working order (important in a NY hotel!). Location:A short stroll from Broadway. Once on Broadway, you just walk on a bit before you are at the heart of it all. 20 minute walk to Times Square. Not close to Century 21, Ground Zero or ferry to Statue of Liberty, but overall the location was pretty good and you aren't more than a short walk or taxi ride to the major sights and places.Rooms: My room was very large for a single room - I was actually given a double-bed! The bed was extremely comfortable; best few nights sleep I've had in a long time. The rooms were warm and well insulated. The television had the big channels on it, as well as options to buy movies etc. Bedroom was lit by a series of lamps. I like having just the one switch in a room for a main light, but didn't really mind this system. There was also a service directory, telephone and phone book in the room. The coffee machine wasn't used; I'm a tea man and there was no kettle! Bathroom: Small but sufficient. The showers were grand and there was new shower supplies dropped in every day, as well as towels. Toilet flushed. Not much else to say here really!Eating: Had breakfast in the hotel every morning. Good service. Not mad about the food but it wasn't a quality problem - just not to my taste most of the time.Atmosphere: Staff were friendly, although the Conseirge was a rip-off. Everybody had a smile on their face.Facilities: No hot water first day. This was due to a problem on that block not just in the hotel. Eating facilities were decent, but really it'd be nicer to eat out. Gift shop was good value and useful. The bar was comfortable and a nice place to relax after a hectic day. Internet facilities cost a dollar for ten minutes. No complaints there.This being a Holiday Inn, the aim is to deliver a decent spot to stay rather than to delight. There were no chocolates on the cushion for example (although the free USA Today on the first morning was a nice touch)! However, I have no problem saying this is a great place to stay, especially seeing as you will be spending most of your time out and about. Good value and will hopefully be back again.	
Dec 11 2007	Suited me just fine!	I visited NYC with my mom for a few days in mid June. Our room was at the end of a hall on the 4th floor. The room itself was huge (compared to the budget/European-sized hotel rooms I've grown accustomed to in recent years) and clean. No complaints about the bathroom either. The hallway smelled of a bleachy cleaning solution, but I guess that's better than it smelling like a dumpster.The front desk staff were very friendly, especially during the late hour we arrived. If you don't need to sleep near Times Square, this hotel's location is prime. It's close to a subway stop near the SW tip of Central Park, and there is a bus stop close to the entrance to the hotel, so getting around was never a problem, even at night. While mom had to work, I was able to walk alone in the morning and afternoon, but I don't ever recommend walking alone at night (a typical precaution though).	
Dec 10 2007 	Lovely Hotel	Worried about some reviews but the hotel was excellent. Clean and friendly staff. Nice bar area to relax in etc. Food available but never tried it.I could not fault it. Not too far to walk to times square etc.quite a few eating places close by.Recommend to all.	
Nov 28 2007 	Ideal for the tourist	Just came back from a 3 night stay at the Holiday Inn. I had read some of the reviews before I went and did wonder what this hotel would be like, but on the whole it was an ideal place to stay. The rooms were clean, and cosy and although we only had one bed between 3 of us, we mentioned it to the hotel staff and by the time we came back at the end of the night there was an additional bed added to the room. The bed itself was huge and very comfy.In some reviews some people have mentioned about the sink being outside the bathroom, this is not in all rooms but for ours it was beneficial, especially when you have 3 people trying to get ready.The staff were excellent, especially the lady on the concierge/information desk who was always helpful and interested in how you had got on that day when you arrived back to the hotel. The bell boys as well were excellent, if it hadn't been for them we may have missed our flight as I had booked the limo for the wrong day, so watch the time difference!This hotel is also excellently situated, on 57th street between 8th and 9th avenue. The sub is just up the street and that takes you to anywhere you want to go, and Times Square is in easy walking distance as you pass all the shops and eateries on your way there.The breakfasts in the restaurant was good to, we ate there most days as that way that was you set up for the day shopping/sight seeing.I would definately recommend this hotel, as it is location is ideal and you do not go to New York to sit in your hotel room.	
Nov 28 2007 	nice place to stay by the andos	just returned from a 4 day stay at this hotel. it was a large, clean room with huge king sized bed only problem was this was for 3 people, we advised the staff and they had this sorted in no time.all members off staff we spoke to ie porters, waiters, reception etc were very plesant and ready to help. rooms were average looking, but very comfortable, have seen much worse but who goes to nyc to look at wall paper.location of this hotel was good, top of street was a subway and found these easy to use and took you to almost any destination required. short walk also to times square, radio city music hall and the rockefeller center.all in all i would stay at this hotel again as staff were great and found this to be a good location for getting about .	
Nov 24 2007 	Great location...average hotel	This hotel was in an excellent location, literally round the corner from Central Park and right nr the subway. In New York you can't get a hotel which is nr everything as it's such a big city but this location was definatly one of the best, the furthest things away from us where the statue of liberty and world trade centre site as they were both down in the financial district. We were only there 4 days but managed to fit quite alot in, we went to the empire state building, maddame tussauds, Times square, World trade centre site, statue of liberty, central park, battery park, and also shopping on 5th avenue.We never used the buses while we were there we always used the subway which was only $3. But to be honest you can walk to times sq from this hotel.Only problem was the staff at the front desk were quite rude, we only ever ate breakfast in the hotel which was nice, quite a bit to choose from.	
Nov 18 2007	Only average	Stayed here last week with friends and to be honest it was ok. The locastion was good with easy access to the subway and Central park. Room was clean and well kept. Only critism is the lack of the &quot;personnal touch&quot; my friend wished to surprise his girlfriend with flowers in the bedroom on arrival but the hotel wasn't able to accomadate this request also you can only book breakfast to be brought to your room on the morning your request it. On the whole a good place to bunk down.	
Nov 14 2007 	It's not terrible	Not a bad location. 8th and 9th Avenues are a looong blocks, so it's a walk to get to the better part of the area. But the walk is nice if the weather holds.The rooms are OK. Typical of a Holiday Inn. Tiny bathrooms. OK amenities. I stayed here on a business trip based on price. I would do so again.	
Nov 14 2007 	Better than Mid	Travelled with 2 girlfriends. Price from airport to hotel was $75 inc toll and trip. Check in was quick no queue. Room 700 on 7th Floor with two double beds was spacious and very clean. Storage was limited but adequate with plenty of mirrors. Bathroom was small but modern shower was fiddly but good water pressure. There was no extractor fan in the bathroom so it did get steamy but overall we were happy with the room.All staff we encountered were very helpful we didn't eat at the restaurants or drink at the bar but they looked very good and the prices seemed reasonable.	
Nov 13 2007	Great Value 	The room was huge - we had a king size room. Cleaned very well daily.The staff are friendly and helpful. The hotel is in a great location.A couple of sub way stops from all the main attractions. The hotel is a 5 minute walk to the subway station. Just far enough out of the mayhem to be more relaxing, but close enough to make getting about easy. Central Park is about a 10 minute walk away. We paid less than £500 for a 3 night stay, which was cheaper than most of the others.We ate breakfast in the hotel restaurant, which worked out about £6 each for a main dish and coffee or juice. Kennedy's Pub and Jake's Saloon were both close by - good beer and food, reasonably priced.To top it all it was $2.09 to £1!	
Nov 12 2007	Fab hotel and staff	Stayed in the hotel from the 5th November till the 9th. We were a bit worried about the hotel after reading some of the reviews, but it was lovely and the staff were so nice especially the bell boys who with out them we would of missed our flights, the rooms were clean and you can ring for extra pillows. Time square is about 15min away. We didnt even get directions and found 5th ave and time square by ourselves its so easy to get round, just turn right out the hotel door and head straight for 5th ave and for time square head straight and about four blocks up make and right and straight into time square.My advice for an enjoyable trip when going to Woodberry Common outlets bring a suitcase or trolley to carry the stuff round, and even in the city because walking all day with bags is hard. And finally NEVER get a cab unless its yellow we found out the hard way by being in a car crash outside Macys we didnt no it was an illegal cab and were nearly killed, we were terrified to get the cab even to the airport, but apart from that i would go back to this hotel and check out kennedys bar up the road feels really like home.	
Nov 9 2007 	its ok	stayed here late october,all the staff were great,the hotel does need some refurb,but the rooms were clean with comfy beds. our room on the 3rd floor was quiet,and the area very safe anytime day or night(didnt see any down and outs as someone said) great location,good for breakfast. my advice is look at the pics because what you see is what you get,i wouldnt have a problem staying there again,just dont expect the best holiday inn,although i think this hotel is a franchise of the holiday inn name and run using the name and logo	
Nov 5 2007 	Great location!!	I was bit worried with bad reviews but was pleasantly surprised! The room was very big with 2 double comfortable beds. We were on the 5th floor and it was very quiet. The decor was dated but it was clean and who spends time in their hotel to look at the wallpaper!! Was in good location only 2 blocks from subway and bus stop outside. The lady concierge was really pleasant and helpful. I would go back to this hotel again!	
Nov 1 2007	Don't be be too hard on the place!!	Stayed here with my grown up son, the main reason we chose it was we could get a room with two decent beds - we weren't going to share a double bed and two rooms would double the price.The room was OK, yes I agree it was a bit tired but it was large with two king size comfy beds, no fridge, no safe but good aircon and although we were on the road side (12th floor) traffic noise not a problem. Good location, easy walk to Central Park, Times Square, 5th Ave and port area for boat trips. The staff we experienced were friendly, efficient and couldn't be more helpful.So it was cost effective and served our purpose well - we were enjoying New York, shopping, watching the Giants and the Yankees -having a ball, not skulking around in the hotel thinking about the bad review we would write when we got home!!	
Oct 31 2007	hate the holiday inn midtown	warm in manhattan tonight, and hotel has only heating. i am a platinum card holder so called (anyway) to ask about situation. manager on duty ms. judit had nothing to say other than she would send security to my room. so security arrived, i guess to assess whether or not i might be a terrorist. appalling property and misleading description on internet. have a rate of $405/night, with 'up to' $20 for breakfast. this translates as a coupon for 'one of the following': muffin, croissant, toasted bagel or toast'. that's not a $20 contribution to breakfast. the only good thing about this hotel is that one does not have to pay for internet. but one has no option of being upgraded. and i have to say that it was 'funny' when i was offered a 20% discount for tonight, and after i pushed, this suddenly went up to 30%. am not sure where i am at this point. didn't expect to bargain in nyc. but this is, after all, a cheap place (in spirit), and i would never recommend staying here. the holiday inn express at penn station is much better if one is looking for an ic property. otherwise, it is worth paying more for a 'real' hotel.	
Oct 28 2007	Loud! Dumpy!	I've stayed lots of places in NYC, and this is probably one of the worst. It's not dangerous, dirty, or trashed, but it's also not nice.The main complaint is noise - it doesn't have double paned windows, and the street noise is out of control, even in my 15th floor room. A smaller complain is the suuuuper sloooow lifts.Amenities wise, there's a lobby bar/restaurant. Didn't try them - this is NYC. There's also a pool, but I was there in October.The location is OK - it's a long but manageable walk to times square, and not too far to a metro stop.I would look for a deal at the hilton times square, or stay at the Sheraton NY Hotel and Towers, which is a bit rough also but has a much better location and isn't much more expensive.	
Oct 26 2007 	not for the faint hearted	stayed here with my 2 children on the return leg of a Hawaii trip. Been around the world 3 times, visited 25 + countries and countless large cities and never been quite as disappointed in a hotel as I was with this one (although the sheraton in tahiti came close). I chose this as a &quot;safe&quot; option as it is a chain we know and love. but its like stepping back in time 50 years...dark, dingy, smelly, in desperate need of refurbishment, service dubious at best. restaurant awful! rooms smelly, damp, dirty with the tiniest bathroom ....you cant shut the door if you go to the loo....it is close to 5th avenue but the walkway is littered with down and outs.if I hadnt of paid in advance for the room I would have checked out on day 1. for the money you can find better...dont stay here!!	
Oct 23 2007	Disappointment in Midtown	Just back from a five-night stay at the Holiday Inn Midtown.Very much disappointed with the amenities and level of service at a 'chain' hotel in the heart of one of the great cities of the world.No corkscrew or wine glasses for the room -- and no one interested in addressing it either. Room was unattractive anddue for some upkeep. The location was good, and rates were apparently reasonable for NYC hotels.The hotel experience took away from what was otherwise a great trip to a great destination.I would not stay at this hotel again.As is often said -- it is the little things that count -- and this hotel failed miserably in this area...	
Oct 21 2007 	Good for tourists	Rooms were fine for family of 4 to be comfortable. Clean and not noisy. Free Wi-Fi is great to stay in touch with office or do quick NYC check for updated info. Not a place to spend more than a couple hours each day-very basic. Easy to get to trains and bus. Walked to shows from hotel (15 minutes) , hail a cab right outside hotel easily. Felt very safe - concierge asks for proof of room key after 11pm. Chose not to eat any meals here - a walk to Hell's Kitchen area has much better food and great atmosphere.	
Oct 5 2007 	Pleasantly Surprised	I was worried from the various reviews that this place would be a dump but can say I was pleasantly surprised. Yes this place is a bit dated and yes there were some a/c problems but for the location it can't be beat. This hotel is in a very good location, 2 blocks to Columbus Circle, Central Park and the subway. And anything and everything you may need is within walking distance.The room was average but not tiny or small like I had heard about NY. This hotel has a roof top pool too. I think its a pretty good value and I was charmed by the neighborhood. I did not eat in their restaurant so I can't comment. Drinks at the bar are pretty steep $23 for two. There are so many recommendations in that area don't even know where to begin. We had a great dinner one night at the Rennaisance Diner, on 9th about 3 blocks down. I also enjoyed a bagel and coffee every morning at the Lunch Box across the street on 9th.I think this is a good place to stay, it is conveniently located near the theater disctrict and never felt unsafe. This was my first time to NY and definately not my last. I would stay again at the Holiday Inn with a good rate.	
Sep 23 2007 	Smelly tired and generally disappointing	Several of us stayed from the UK for a customer event, thinking of saving budget whilst our clients stayed in the Hudson, a block and a half away. Big mistake! No sign of my reservation - staff were charming and ever 15 minutes sorted out room - frankly, it would have been better if they'd been unable to find one! Threadbear furniture, grubby bed cover, noisy but asthmatic and generally useless a/c, and carpet that seemed vaguely sticky. Whilst the bathroom was generally clean, closer inspection showed some very old showerhead deposits. Overall, the room remained horribly stuffy for 2 nights despite a/c being on full blast, and retained a vague smell of something decaying. Hotel shop doesn't sell water! My colleagues all reported similar experiences. Maybe I'm spoilt at Westins and Sheratons, but this hotel was genuinly poor and 10 years + overdue for refurb. The first poor review I've EVER entered. A bargain at $320 plus tax? I think not....	
Sep 18 2007 	Great Place to Stop	Found it a great place to stop, clean rooms, meals OK, the staff were friendly and helpful. The location is also very good. I would have no hesitation in stopping there again if visiting NY in the future.	
Sep 12 2007	Great location	Well, well, well, new york city was a blast and me my husband and son we absolutely loved it there,! from times square to the statue of liberty, every bit of new york is beautiful. The holiday Inn is in a great location, huge rooms with 2 double beds, very polite staff, the rooms were very clean and the roof top pool was a nice touch, ideal location for many attractions, can,t recomend this hotelhighly enough. We came from england for 5 nights and would definatleystay here again. rayjancra	
Sep 1 2007 	Good Price But Not The Best Stay	Well, well, well, New York City was a blast and I absolutley loved it there! From Times Sqaure to the Statue of Liberty, every bit of New York is beautiful! The Holiday Inn was not so much the same. I'm not saying it was horrible but it was definetly not the greatest. Here are some positive and negative aspects towards the hotel I experienced:Positive:- Free Internet- Iron and Iron Board in room- Good Location- Friendly Front Desk and Staff- Spacious RoomNegative:- Got Stuck in the elevator- Window washers appeared outside my window twice at 7am- Carpet was dirty- Bathroom was small- Toilet sounded like it was crying everytime I flushed it- No Conditioner and small shampoo bottle (bring own toiletries) I'm not sticky and I'm not snobby at all but i expected a little better of a hotel. It did not ruin my trip, but if I were to be staying in New York City again, I would rather choose another hotel.	
Aug 23 2007 	Average but a good tourist choice	This is the second time I have stayed at this hotel. The first time was 3 years ago, and I was happy with my stay. Reading some of the reviews here made me a bit reluctant to book again, which, I eventually did.In my opinion, this is a totally standard Holiday Inn, which is definately not suitable for business travellers, but is a good tourist's choice. As for the problems, some of which were written about in reviews here:The airconditioning is definately inadequate (I removed the filter from the airconditioner, which improved its performance greatly).Bathrooms are very small, and the sink is outside of them (this may be an advantage for some).The overall appearance of some of the rooms is &quot;shabby&quot;.The rooms facing 57th street are extremely noisy - ask for one facing the inner court.Lifts are slow and full, especially in the morning.Vending / ice machines in the corridors make terrible noise - be sure that ask for a room far away from them.Doors slam shut by themselves, and most guests don't seem to care about letting this happen, causing noise for their neighbours.The lobby is too noisy to hold a conversation in.Internet (for those who don't have a laptop) is ridiculously expensive - $1 for 3 minutes.On the other hand:Rooms are quite large (for NYC), and are clean.There is a rooftop pool and sundeck.Breakfasts were good.The location is great (in my opinion, much better than the Times Square area).Subway is 5 minutes away.Bus is 1 minute away.Lots of diners / restaurants in the nearby.Hotel has a good tourist info desk / concierge.On the whole, I would recommend this hotel for families on holiday in New York for a few days. It is good value for money, even though it is only an average hotel.	
Aug 21 2007	Location/Price	New York is very expensive Hotel wise/person and for your vehicle. We picked the Holiday Inn Midtown because of the price versus the location. The rooms were clean(not exceptionally), the rooms were small, very small- but hey you are just sleeping there, and the bed was adequate. The hotel is also in a safe area. If you are price/location motivated this is a great hotel. If not look elsewhere. There are lots of dinning and shopping venues close by and the hotel is extremely easy to get to off of the west side highway.	
Aug 19 2007 	What a horrible experience!! Not for business travellers!!	I was here on business, and will say I have no desire to ever repeat the mistake!! I booked a non-smoking room, got to the hotel only to find that they had booked me in a smoking room. I mentioned that I had booked a non-smoking, and the clerk states they could not make any changes until the manager came back from break. I was kinda pissed so I called American Express, they confirmed that it was a non-smoking, they talked to the clerk, who could not do anything because the mgr was on break.I was too exhausted to move to another hotel. Mgr comes at 9 apologises and promises me a room at 10:30 pm, gives me a drink voucher. I come back at 10:30 room is not ready, I had to wait.I was told by the front-desk clerk, she would let me know when the room was ready. She never did, I walked up to her at 11:30 and she comes up with some lame excuse Ithat she could not see me in the bar ( I was the only African-American man in the bar, with a drink order coupon).The room when I get in had a mediocre AC (yes the week of the tornado in Brooklyn). I called to get it fixed, and kept getting promises that they would fix it. I woke up one early morning to go outside to cool off, that is how bad it was.The only bright spot was the bellhops who helped people get cabs and car service when the subway flooded. They were a dedicated bunch. I hope another hotel steals them away.Verdict, if the you are on business, this is not worth it, you need to look professional and be rested for the next day of business meetings, and this hotel is not going to provide you with the right amenities. If this is your only choice, I would look at finding a hotel in Jersey.	
Aug 17 2007 	Pleasantly surprised and happy with our stay	Stayed at this hotel for 3 days with my husband and 3 teenage daughters. I was a little concerned having read some of the reviews beforehand but was pleasantly surprised. We had a warm welcome which was effecient and quick and then found our rooms to be very clean (and I am really fussy!) and comfortable. The beds were great and all the linen and towels were fresh. Yes some of the furniture was basic and the carpets were a bit dated but we weren't expecting an elaborate hotel for what we paid. The air conditioning was fine and the temperatures were 93/94 outside!! Yes the lifts were a little slow but we weren't in a rush. The concierge and reception desk staff were all really helpful with all our requests. It wasn't in a noisy location at all and perfectly postioned to take in all the tourist bits especially Central Park. Easy to get cabs, near a subway station and the 57 bus stops nearby. Overall a great location and a very comfortable hotel.	
Aug 2 2007 	Fantastic great location. Clean 	Stayed here for the second time in January 2007, Arrived just after 1pm and was checked in straight away, even though checkin wasn't till 3pm. The hotel is in a great location (quiet, partly residential area) Huge rooms with 2 double beds, very polite staff. Can't recomend this hotel highly enough! Will stay here again :) Check out the fantastic little Deli just outside the hotel on the left :) best cheesecake ever!!!! rachael_keogh@yahoo.com	
Jul 25 2007	Good for the price	We stayed at the holiday Inn Midtown in for 2 nights last week. The negatives were that we were told that the parking would be $23/night. They didn't tell us that to park an SUV, the fee would be $33/night so we were a little annoyed with that. We told the manager, but she didn't care. Another negative was that the toilet in the hotel room made an exremely loud flushing noise! It would definitely wake you up from your sleep! Also, the shower head in the shower wasn't placed up high. It was in the middle of the wall, which was weird. You had to hold the shower head cord the whole time. The staff at the hotel were all pretty apathetic, except the people that work at the concierge/info. desk were very friendly &amp; helpful! The lifeguards at the pool were pretty nice except they were spraying people in the pool with a big hose quite frequently. They found it very funny, but not all the guests were as amused. We didn't eat at the restaurant cause some people told us that the food wasn't very good. Th positives were that we liked the location of this hotel and the room was clean(but nothing fancy).The price was $199/night so that was a good price for a room in NYC.	
Jul 24 2007 	Great Location good service	My wife and I stayed here for 4 nights over the weekend. The location was ideal for using the public transit system, bus lines outside the door and the subway two blocks away. Our room was big for NYC and had a huge closet. We had a small problem with the toilet but we called housekeeping and it was fixed in 15 minutes. The hotel had lots of tour guests from many different countries. The complimentary continental breakfast was a welcome surprise. Not a great view from the rooms but overall money well spent.	
Jul 10 2007	Ok but no AIR!	The hotel was clean and the rooms were a lot bigger than expected. Honestly, though the room was hot, muggy and none of us got a great night of sleep. We had issues with our AC unit and the managment did nothing to help us out. I have read other reviews and this has come up several times. Seems either the management or Holiday Inn really doesn't care.	
Jul 8 2007	Great location	Hotel is located near to some good bars and places to eat. Room was good and staff very helpful.Did not have the chance to try out the pool as we only stayed 2 days.	
Jul 5 2007 	Hotel is in a great location	My sisters and I stay at the Holiday Inn Midtown in June 2007. The location of this hotel was great, it is within walking distance to major attractions and very close to the subway. The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful. The owner of this hotel actually came up to us in the hotel restaurant and introduced himself. A few days later, the owner of the hotel passed us walking down the busy streets of NYC and asked if we were enjoying our stay. Things like this do not happen very often, especially in NYC.The hotel is definately much smaller than a lot of others in the area, but it was very affordable and comfortable. The rooms were good size and easily accomodated our needs. Some of the downfalls, there was no refridgerator in our room, the bathroom was pretty small and the sink was outside of the bathroom. The elevators were very slow and only one of them worked while we were there. We took the stairs most of the time.I would stay at this hotel again, due to the location and the price.	
Jul 2 2007 	Good value for Manhattan	My husband, 2 teenage daughters and I stayed at the Holiday Inn, Midtown April 2007, it was very cold and it snowed! We were quoted a cheaper rate through the travel agent of £92 per room, per night. Reading some of the reviews we were a little concerned what the hotel would be like, however we did not need to worry. We had two rooms, both rooms were of a good size, 2 queen sized beds in each and quite a large bathroom and nice and clean with all facilities. The pool was closed during our stay in early April, too cold to swim outdoors anyway and never had time.The hotel is a short walk to the subway and about a 15 minute walk to Broadway. Recommend Route 66 diner for breakfast a short walk away, the friendly hotel staff will direct you. If you can afford the helicopter trip would highly recommnd it, have brilliant photos! Take the free Statten island ferry and get a great view of the Statue of Liberty and chat with the locals. Thoroughly enjoyed our 5 hours at the NY York Yankees game too. Visit Woodbury Common a 1 hour bus ride away for shopping bargains and ask for your coupon booklet on arrival for more savings. Have a good trip.	
Jun 30 2007 	Only in an emergency...moldsmelly and more...	This week we were stranded in NYC due to weather and some problems with our airline. We needed a room for two nights as that was how long it would take to get out with confirmed reservations. This place was one of just a few with any rooms left so I was glad just to have a place to sleep as we had been flying from Europe for a long time. I booked from the airport a non smoking room etc. upon arrival only thing they would give me was smoking..took it what choice? So for over three hundred dollars (yes you read right) we were in a very dismal dirty room that smelled way more than smoke, had mold on the tub and the plumbing did not work properly. Way too tired to deal with it we just slept and left the next day for a much better option at a lower price. Only pleasant thing was the coffee shop in the morning...I was almost scared to go down; however it was fine and the service was good...did find it interesting that for just two people they add 15% service...bet they get lots of extra tips as most people will not see that on the bill and just figure it is yet another NYC tax...it is not identified clearly other that a small sc on the total bill. Anyway if you have a choice you can do way better than this one and for less money...location was not good for us either depending on what you want to do...again with so many choices in the city not sure why anyone would choose this.	
Jun 27 2007 	Great location	Nice hotel with excellent location. The subway is only a few blocks away and it is close to lots of good dining. Plus there's a Daffys a few blocks down! The staff was very friendly and helpful. the pool offers a great view but is only open from 10 to 6, so after a full day of sightseeing we were disappointed that we couldn't relax in the pool. The bathrooms did not have vents in them so after a couple showers the room got pretty steamy. We had a small problem with our reservations, but the staff handled it well. Overall a nice hotel in a GREAT location with friendly and helpful staff.	
Jun 22 2007 	Good stay - no problems	This is a nice hotel, currently being refaced at the entrance - and it looks like it will be prettier when finished. Big rooms for NYC. Roof pool is a nice touch. Clean hotel/ well managed. Nice enough area and very walkable to Columbus Circle shopping &amp; Metro/ Central Park/ Times Square etc. Book with confidence. Staff were pleasant and helpful. Elevators can be a bit slow - one of the three seemed to be out of order. No complaints. Carmines restaraunt was good (quality Italian restaraunt with huge portions). Tavern on the Green was a good restraunt also (Central Park). Both are only a short taxi ride away.	
Jun 22 2007 	Good location hotel needs a refurb	We visited this hotel 18 months ago and came back to it in June 07 because of it's location. The hotel itself is in need of a makeover, it's looking a little tatty around the edges. The rooms are clean, but definited in need of refurbishment. The layout of the room is a bit strange, the sink being in the bedroom itself in a little corridor outside of the bathroom. Fine if you're with your partner, but perhaps not private enough if you're sharing a room with a friend. The dinning room is busy at breakfast time, but the service is very quick and efficient and the hot food is freshly cooked and very good (we didn't eat dinner there). The room rate is reasonable for New York (if the hotel were refurbished). The best thing about it is it's location. It's two blocks from Central Park and the subway giving good access to Manhatten. There are a couple of good Irish bars along the street, and also a couple of really good restaurants.	
Jun 22 2007 	It has a pool	This is the least expensive place to stay in Manhattan with an outdoor pool. The rooms were a good size, and it is fine value for the money. You get what you expect from a Holiday Inn. There are freelocal papers at the front desk. It is on a main street, and so the rooms are pretty noisy. The lobby is often busy. It is convenient to several subway lines and the Park.	
Jun 13 2007 	would definately go back there.	Just returned from a 4 night stay at this hotel and before I went, was a bit apprehensive after reading some of the reviews. I must say that any I have no complaints and would recommend it to anyone.It's location is handy for 59th Street subway Columbus circle. The reception was a bit too dimly lit for me, but clean enough.The hotel consists of two towers. One 18 floors overlooking 57th St, and the other 10 story overlooking 56th Street, with a pool on top.My room was on the 7th floor of the 18 storey. It's true that there is some traffic noise, but this is NYC. I would think that the bottom floors on this block may be kept awake at times. There was some noise from within the hotel, doors banging etc but no more than any other hotel I have sayed in. There was more noise from the water system. I think it was rooms above flushing their toilet, the pipes must run behind the walls, but it didn't really bother me. The A/C worked fine, although the fan was quite noisy. There is also some scaffolding covering the 57th Street frontage as there is buliding work going on during the day.My room was large enough for the three adults in our group. The bathroom wasn't massive but adequate. The important thing for me was that the room was clean. The room paintwork was a little chipped and had a few coats of paint, but that is to be expected.The area around is typical NYC, it's a working city and full of character. Some run down buildings and some ultra modern. There are always people around and I felt perfectly safe walking back after 11pm.Didn't eat in the hotel, but went down 57th Street to 8th Ave, turned right a couple of hundred yards and ate breakfast in a deli called the Bread Factory. Allsorts to choose from and reasonably priced. Friendly too. There are loads more around. There are about 3 Starbucks too, for a late night coffee. Plenty of supermarkets too.It would be interesting to know if the negative reports were in the other tower. As I said, we were on the 7th floor of the tower overlooking 57th.	
Jun 2 2007 	Noisy noisy noisy	This is the second time we've stayed at this hotel. It is the &quot;librarians'&quot; hotel for Book Expo. Last time our room was in the back tower facing onto 56th St. This time it was in the front of the building looking out on 57th St. 57th St is a busy, two-way street and gets lots of truck traffic, even late at night. We were on the 12th floor and it was still very loud. Plus the hotel room doors, like all too many, slam really loudly. It seems easing the doors closed is just too much to ask of 99.99% of all hotel guests, so you get the constant slamming of doors at all hours. Even worse, our room was directly across the hall from an ice machine that, inexplicably, was sitting right out in the hallway instead of in its own little alcove or room. Even when most folks were asleep, the machine kept making more ice and then noisily dumped it into the hopper.We had lunch in the lounge here the first day. The food was ok and somewhat fairly priced, but the beverages were outrageous. A flat Diet Coke, maybe 4 oz worth, was $4. Same with a small bottled water. Then they add 15% gratuity. I can understand adding gratuity to the bill for a large group, but adding it at a bar for a small group denies the patron the opportunity to express his or her level of satisfaction with the service, and therefore guarantees poor service.We tried to have breakfast in the hotel restaurant one morning, but after waiting 25 minutes for a waiter, despite asking for one after 15, and seeing no fewer than 4 bored waiters wandering around with pitchers of coffee and juice, we got up and left. Pitiful service, no doubt because they know they have a guaranteed 15% coming to them no matter how bad the service.The hotel was in the process of renovation, so I won't comment on the cleanliness, although it wasn't too bad. Our room was a decent size, but the bathroom sink was separate from the shower/toilet room. Take note anyone thinking of sharing a room; there is little privacy while you shave/brush teeth, etc. The counter around the sink was so small that we had to keep our toiletries on the floor under the sink. I would rather have had a slightly smaller room with a full bathroom.	
May 29 2007 	Not too bad again	Stayed here again, second time in about six months. HI gives a fairly decent military rate ($212) so we're satisfied for what we got. Yes, hotel is outdated, but the rooms are quite large for the price. AC, TV, water/shower all worked fine. Breakfast was the only meal we ate there, and was decent. Service quick, so nice to get &quot;in and out&quot; and on our way. We like the location...right near Central Park, few blocks to Columbus Circle metro stop, lots of restaurants and stores within walking distance.One thing struck me as odd...we bought a bottle of wine while out shopping, and took it back to the hotel. We asked the lounge for two wine glasses to take to the room, and they charged us a $5 each glass deposit! Now seriously, folks, where am I going to run off with a cheap wine glass? Had to take the glasses downstairs to the front desk at checkout to get the fee taken off my bill. Not a big fan of that. Overall, will probably choose this hotel again if we can snag a decent price.	
May 21 2007 	not unpleasent	All Staff very helpful, rooms clean only downfall was the air conditioning never worked though it was promises everytime we asked. New York is very Humid at times and it was very uncomfortable without A/C. The telly kept turning off? Very annoying. Carl at the ticket desk was fantastic if you want to book anything in New York he is the person to see.	
May 17 2007 	average but comfortable	Stayed in April. Had a good holiday. room large and comfortable. location ok but depends what you want to do. reasonable walk to time square but close to central park.only had breakfast in hotel twice and it was ok. Pleased that we had no noise or temperature problems, Did not find reception staff either helpful or otherwise.The concierge was not helpful in fact quite patronising the one time we ask him a question.Missed having a fridge and being able to make a single cup of instant coffee.Considering prce and lack of extras was disappointed you had to pay when they stored your bags for a few hours post check out.Was not sorry we stayed here considering price but would only stay again if I could not afford something more central.	
May 15 2007 	Excellent location only problem is the air conditioning	We stayed there in early May and found the location to be very convenient to restaurants, the subway at Columbus Circle, Central Park, and theaters. There were many restaurants on 9th Avenue, and a couple of good reasonably priced local diners. Being my first time to New York in years, my first picks were like the Doubletree or Hilton, but rooms were very expensive for our dates. So I booked the HI based on price and location. I didnt expect much, but I thought that the rooms were just fine, just like your standard Hampton Inn type of rooms. Ours did not seem way out of date, but I think I heard someone talk about 2 towers, maybe one is renovated and the other is not?The only negative was the air conditioning or lack thereof, during our stay. The front desk said it was off in the whole building due to fluctuating outside temperatures. We slept with the window open two inches (all that it would open) If this is an ongoing problem, I would not recommended staying there in the summer.	
May 14 2007 	Great Location;--But Very Lame Accommodations!	Best part of the Holiday Inn on West 57th? Truly a fantastic location!! Close to shopping, theatres, Central Park, great restaurants!Hotel also has a great concierge! Friendly &amp; extremely knowledgeable concierge staff!Free wireless was another treat! The not so good: Please note: If you book this hotel online (which I did), please read the fine print. Turns out, if you get this great cheap ($250 a night deal, which is really not that cheap) online deal, it's completely nonrefundable!! The whole hotel stunk, literally stunk! There was a &quot;tinge&quot; throughout the hotel &amp; in my room. Air conditioner was broken....Hey, it was nearly 80 degrees for 2 days with no air conditioning! That truly sucked!Will I stay there again? Maybe if this place were a hundred bucks a night, I might consider it....just 'cause of the great location. But for $250 per night--I expected a more pleasant smelling hotel and a few more amenities....Ta Ta to the Holiday Inn for me!	
May 9 2007 	$250 doesn't pay for much. Not what I expected!	The location and the concierge staff were wonderful: close to time square, central park, theaters, shops and restaurants. However, everything else was pretty substandard.This was my fist visit to the big city and I wanted to stay in a central place. My trip was work related, so I wanted a hotel that was functional at a low price- my employer won't pay more than $250 per night. I arrived at the hotel and they did not have a non smoking room. One of the elevators was broken and there were over 20 people waiting in line. The room was small and it was stinky- I had to buy Lysol and candles. The bathroom was too small- not enough counter space for my toiletries. In fact, the bathroom door could not be closed without whacking the toilet seat. The closet was also too small- I was there for 12 days and needed more room for my stuff. Skip the restaurant: When I arrived I was starved, and I ate a club sandwich. It was expensive and pretty awful.During my stay there was an incident on my floor. Someone kept yelling call security, call security. Well I called security!!!! The next morning I tried to complain and they said that the computer did not show a reported incident. The manager was not in, so if I wanted for file a complaint I had to wait until the next day. $250 doesn't pay for much in the big city!!! To think that I stayed at an beautiful resort in Cabo for half as much. I am glad my employer is paying the bill-	
May 7 2007 	Location Location needs RENOVATION	I have stayed at this hotel on at least 5 previous occasions. THIS WAS THE LAST! Although the locations is ideal, the physical plant, guestrooms, common areas and restaurants are in DESPERATE need of renovation. The building has not had a makeover since the late 1980's. We suffered for three days without air conditioning. (apparently, this is a frequent problem at this hotel.) This hotel is a blemish upon the Holiday Inn name. The company should give this this franchisee, HI57 LLC, the boot!	
May 3 2007	More than good for the money...	It took hours on Trip Advisor to find a hotel in Manhattan that was under $300 per night and yet had a decent review. This hotel met those requirements. ($250/night). The hotel was clean, well decorated rooms, big rooms, friendly and helpful staff. The location was great too. We walked everywhere or hopped on the subway just a block or two away. Great little restaurants around the corner. One previous writer mentioned it being dark and deserted. The side walks were never empty even when we walked home after plays.	
Apr 19 2007 	No thanks!	I had a group stay here in April. The rooms were small and dirty. I have booked some doubles, and mostly singles. When the group arrived they didn't have the doubles available so the put a rollaway in the room!! At almost $300.00 per night I expected better. The front desk was rude and really didn't seem to care if we were there or not. I contacted management and got about the same response. The employee in charge of groups never even returned my call. Very poor hotel, very poor customer service.	
Apr 17 2007	A good place for a base!	Couldn't fault the place for it's location for all the attractions in NYC. The staff were friendly, especialy the porters but at times the reception in my view was undermanned and they struggled with our group - (13 men on a 60th stag). The Bar service was good, although a little pricey, and it offered no draught beers. Though the food on offer from there was adequate for something quick and simple.  As for our hotel room, functional and had all the facilities you'd expect to find - but the rooms are about ready for a re-furb. The bathroom is very basic, with the wash basin on the outside in the main room for some odd reason - handy though if you're sharing the room. Our room was had the option of a connecting door for the next room, but the sound did travel quite alot. So hope and pray you don't get noisy people next door. The only real gripe was the fact that we did book a bed and breakfast deal, wich a voucher is offered for $5.00 off the breakfast. But, and a big BUT comes into this - it's only offered to the lead person in the room - in our case, there was 3 so hence we thought we were short changed. after complaining and moaning that we felt that we had a rough deal the girl behind the counter did issue us with vouchers apiece . I can recommend the Detroit omelette by the way! All in all we enjoyed our stay at the hotel and would most likely use it again.	
Apr 16 2007 	No	A pure kiprooms were dirty - carpet was shockinglocation poor too far up the citycheap and cheerful	
Apr 13 2007 	Just average hotel	I returned from a stay at this hotel with my 2 teenage daughters for an Easter Spring Break trip. It's just far enough off the beaten path to be relatively quiet, especially if your rooms are on the back side of the hotel. We never heard the horns and sirens from the streets. There were, however, a fair number of rowdy teens in the hall yelling and slamming doors at all hours. I never saw security. The acoustics were lacking in that respect, as I was also awakened early in the morning by slamming doors. The room was clean, but the hotel is rather dreary with beige and green walls, old stained carpet and dark drapes and bedspreads. It is definitely in need of renovation. The 3 computers are in the lobby and charge for services. I had a house drink in the bar and it was $10.50. Ouch! Plus, they tack on a $4 fee for accessing movies in the room, which are steep to begin with. There is a small TV unit with 3 small drawers, that's it. No drawer in the desk. There is a tiny closet with one shelf, no storage in the bathroom except on the sink.No room safe or frig. There was an iron/board and a small hairdryer as well as a 4 cup coffee pot. All cups were plastic., one chair in room. We had 2 rather hard double beds with stiff linens. The shower head in the bathroom was fixed in one position. They provided a shower cap and a tiny bottle of cheap combination shampoo and conditioner.  We stored our luggage on the last day for $2 a bag and they had a cab for us. That was the extent of service we used, but they were very polite. We had an average breakfast in the dining room- not bad, but there are so many better options near the hotel.  They have 3 elevators, but they are very tiny and we had trouble at times catching one. The stairs lead to the back outside of the hotel and aren't well marked, but that's an option. Overall, this is a pretty good option for a reasonably priced hotel. I wouldn't choose it for a romantic or special trip, but for a clean and safe place, it's fine. I rated it 3 stars, but in reality it's about a 2.5.	
Apr 10 2007 	A great place to stay in NYC	This is a nice hotel, we had a large room with a great kingsize bed. Nice and clean too. The location is smashing. Not far at all from Times Square, a 10 min walk to 5th Avenue (Tiffany's, Burberry etc) and its also on the doorstep of Hell's Kitchen, which has loads of trendy bars and restaurants to try.	
Apr 1 2007 	Great Location	Family of 4 stayed around St Patrick's Day week. Location was ideal just 5-10 minutes to Times Square area. The room was larger than I had expected. Clean and very good for the price. Staff very helpful. Typical NY delis around the corner on 9th. Terrific bagel place on 10th. Great if you're looking for a place to sleep.	
Mar 31 2007 	Large room for NY	Holiday Inn Midtown offers a larger than average room when it comes to NY hotels. It's 3 blocks from Columbus Circle, so location was fine too. Room was clean, no problems in that area either.The window curtains did not block the sun very well. That was a problem for me, cause I wanted to sleep until 9.Also, my room had no fridge. I don't know if this common in NY, but I never paid 200 dollars per day on a hotel without a fridge.	
Mar 28 2007 	Just OK after switching rooms.	My husband and 1.5 year old daughter stayed at this Holiday Inn over Christmas for one week. The initial room we were shown was really terrible. No cover for the toilet, old dirty carpet, chairs and bedspread. We requested another room from the front desk and then they gave us a room right next to the vending machines (extremely noisy!). Thankfully, we did not spend much time in the hotel because we were visiting relatives and only needed a place to sleep. The location was great for us. Walks in Central Park were near by, as were grocery stores, restaurants, and lots of shopping! The bus stops right in front of the hotel too! So, overall, I'd recommend this hotel ONLY if you don't plan on spending a lot of time in your room.	
Mar 24 2007 	Great Place To Stay	Just returned from NYC staying at this hotel, great location within walking distance to most attractions, staff at the front desk were a bit unfriendly, the restaurant staff were first class, we ate there every morning the breakfast was great giving you a good choice of food, the rest of the hotel staff were great very helpfull. The hotel could be doing with an upgrade the toilet in our room was very small but over all it was fine, Clean and house keeping staff looked after you well.Will definetly be back next year, as it was our first time in NY we did not know what to expect, we never at any time felt uneasy going about even at night, St Patricks day was brill the parade was excellent, shops were great restaurants plenty of them. I would not hessitate to recomend this Hotel to anbody.	
Mar 23 2007 	Neighborhood folks give this hotel high marks.	I had stayed at this hotel some years ago while attending a professional conference, so I knew of its reputation. Nevertheless, I imagine the best review a hotel can get is that the people who live locally like the place so much that they have their out-of-town family and guests stay there. This is what my airport shuttle companions told me while driving from La Guardia to Columbus Circle. When I commented on the amount of construction taking place on 57th Street and its environs, the desk clerk suggested a room in their &quot;B&quot; wing which faced an interior courtyard rather than the street, adding &quot;Besides, there are two conventions in town and the house is full.&quot; Because I agreed to accept a smoking room rather than the non-smoking room I reserved, I was given a certificate good for a free drink at the bar and another certificate good for a free continental breakfast. So far, so good.The room turned out to be in an older wing of the building, and the smell of smoke permeating the corrider carpeting led me believe that the room itself would probably have cigarette burns on the furniture and carpeting. Nothing could have been further from the truth. The room itself was smell-free and had recently been scrubbed and vacuumed within in inch of its life. I can see why the locals like this place for their guests--the rooms are squeaky clean.Room service was good too. I ordered a salad plate and a bowl of minestrone at 10pm, after I had finished unpacking. It arrived in 38 minutes, brought by one of the most cheerful servers I've ever met. Have hearty, simple food well-prepared, and you can't go wrong.	
Mar 23 2007 	Nice Hotel but I am iffy on the location	I liked the hotel. It was clean and the staff were all friendly, knowledgeable, and accommodating. The gentleman (Carl) at the concierge desk was great. I would recommend this hotel for any budget traveler and specifically for people who have small groups who want to spend their money on shows and food.Location and hotel would be the downsides for me. I agree with others that the hotel is centrally located. Most things are in walking distance. It was about 20 minutes to walk to the Met Museum of Art, Times Square, and Broadway shows. However, the subway system is not convenient if you want to cut down on the time. And the location was very dark (not well lit on the surrounding streets). As a single female I did not want to venture out after 9pm, and when my mother came in the next night she didn't want to walk around together after dark. Neither of us have problems after dark in the Time Square area or in most cities we visit - it was just a feeling around this hotel. We have both visited NYC before and aren't timid.Because of the location making me uneasy, I ate at the hotel. The food was subpar for the price. I recommend venturing out to Kennedy's about 1.5 blocks away. The food was a little more than the hotel but completely worth it. The Thai restaurant in the hotel directory (Thai Basil) and the Boston Market on 10th were also very good. The little grocery shop on the corner (10th and 57th) had very fresh produce for the morning (beat paying 4.95 for half a grapefruit at the hotel).Good hotel. I think I would stay there again. Just not alone. I would also go to Kennedy's for late evening snacks (even after 9pm) because it was that good.	
Mar 21 2007 	Not luxurious but adequate for a base to tour NYC	We stayed here for 6 nights recently and found that the location of the hotel was quite good for touring New York City. However, the rooms were very dated and looked, frankly, a bit worn out. The ensuite bathroom in particular looked in need of attention. The shower curtain smelled a bit, the bath was very shallow and in general it looked like it lacked care and attention. I was surprised that free shower gel wasn't provided as this seems to be a fairly standard offering nowadays.The food in the hotel was ok. I was surprised to find that breakfast wasn't the usual Holiday Inn buffet, but just a menu-based affair - actually this worked out better for us, because they offered nice big bowls of fresh fruit and you just paid for what you ate - so if you don't feel like very much, you don't have to pay for the whole buffet. We went for dinner there one evening and it was nice. The menu isn't bad. The bar is small but pleasant and they serve a range of bar snacks like chicken wings, sandwiches etc and this can be handy if you happen to be around the hotel at lunchtime.TIP: Don't miss Kennedy's Irish bar just across the road and down a block. They have a lovely restaurant, great food, huge portions and there's a very nice ambience.Staff in the Holiday Inn were friendly on the whole, but some were quite cold. The concierge was very helpful with tour bookings and booking us a stretch limo back to the airport - it was a nice touch ... he asked if we had children and when I said yes, he said he'd make sure we got a stretch limo. We were very excited!!I found that there was little or no sound-proofing between rooms and the noise of tvs blaring could be heard through the night - this would normally drive me mad, but NYC wore me out so generally I was able to sleep through it. When we were there there seemed to be quite a few school groups staying in the hotel and that might have been the cause of the excess volume of the TVs!All in all, I'd recommend the hotel for its location and price, but would call it (relatively) cheap and cheerful rather than luxurious and pleasant!	
Mar 16 2007 	great location 	I stayed there for 6 days with my brother, and we definitely got, what we expected - great location, nice neighbourhood (local feeling), friendly staff and clean room!We would definitely go back! Great value for our money!	
Mar 1 2007 	Good Value 	My wife, teenage daughter, and I stayed at this Holiday Inn over President's Day weekend and were quite pleased with the value for the money. We paid $204. per night (including all taxes) and have often paid much more in NYC and gotten much less.While not a luxury hotel, the room was clean and large. I stay in NY several times a year and I have to say it was probably the largest room I've had.The location was much quieter than other hotels we've stayed at. It seems like it's in a quiet zone as we heard very few cab horns at night. The room's appointments weren't brand new but were fine. Unlike another family who stayed there the same weekend, our HVAC was working fine and the protective construction scaffolding over the sidewalk was not an issue (didn't spend too much time looking at the outside of the hotel).The hotel provides free access to the basement-level health club which had a good selection of equipment and the usual towels, TVs, water, etc. It is, however, a windowless basement, frequented by people (and their trainers) who are there to work out, not see and be seen! If you're a runner, the location is just a couple of blocks from Central Park, one of the greatest places for city running in the world.We didn't eat at the hotel (who eats hotel food in NYC?!) but instead had great vegatarian, ethopian and indian dinners all within a 15 walk from the hotel. The concierge was very helpful in providing recommendations. Or just walk south on 8th, 9th or 10th avenues and find something that suits you.Skip the hotel breakfast and walk over to 8th avenue, head south a few blocks to the Bread Factory for a great breakfast.There is a major subway hub 2 blocks away at Columbus Circle (at the Time Warner building) where for 2 bucks you can take a train to Greenwich Village, 34th street shopping, The Natural History Museum, etc. While the hotel is not in the theater district, we opted for an easy walk back to the room after seeing a show rather than take a cab.Parking for 3 days was $54. Not a bad price at all for NYC.We checked out before noon on our last day and threw our bags in hotel storage for the day. While there was a nominal charge posted for bag storage, the bellman didn't charge us. All the hotel employees we encountered were very pleasant.While I do have to stress that this is not the Waldorf-Astoria or Palace, it is a very good choice for families or others who want a clean, comfortable, roomy, moderately-priced midtown location.	
Mar 1 2007	Ideal base to experience New York	My stepmum and I were treated to a trip to New York for our birthdays by my Dad. We arrived at the Holiday Inn tired but eager to go searching. The staff could not have been friendlier and acted as great guides and advisors to this city. The rooms were clean and comfortable and cleaned every day. We had 2 large double beds in our room although the bathroom was a bit small and dated. I would recommend the Holiday Inn to anyone who wants a good base and I will stay again when I return to New York in the near future!!	
Feb 20 2007 	You get what you pay for...	Stayed there Pres Day weekend with my wife and con. After checking out MANY hotels online, I booked based solely on price.5th trip to Manhattan in the past 4 years and first stay at this hotel.Positives- nice people, larger than average room (for NYC), decent location for midtown and Central Park.Negatives- front of building surrounded by scaffolding (don't recall being informed of that beforehand), room that never got warm even with heater running continously, overall worn appearance. Also would have been nice if gift shop sold some bottled drinks and/or water (since vending machine was not working), and how about a complimentary cup of coffee in the lobby in the morning...??? Overall not a bad experience but just reinforces that you do get what you pay for. If all you're looking for is an okay place to sleep and budget is the primary concern, this would fit the bill.	
Jan 31 2007 	sooooooooooooooooo disappointing.	We travelled to New York with friends for a long weekend break expecting to enjoy our stay in the well known HOLIDAY INN chain, but were sooooo disappointed.The staff were so far removed from friendly &amp; courteous it was shocking( APART FROM HOUSEKEEPING &amp; CONCIERGE WHO WERE ALL HELPFUL &amp; NICE)Room was not as booked (smoking)Room was dirty upon arrival. reception sent someone up to clean/ make bed etc &amp; offered a free breakfast the next morning as compensation the following morning, then insisted we paid for it on checking out!Never again, the experience ruined our stay in New York., Shame on you Holiday Inn.	
Jan 31 2007 	Great rooms good location great prices	The hotel exceeded our expectations based on what previous reviewers wrote. Our room was fabulous, very much up-to-date, clean, and comfortable. The bathroom was a bit out-of-date. The lobby was very nice and it looked as if the conceirge desk was very helpful. They had signs at the desk that said they would help book and suggest attractions. The one time we wanted to talk with them there was a long line (this is the only time I think there was a line!). The on-site restaurant was fabulous for breakfast. The dinner was a bit drab, didn't offer many options, and had horrible cheesecake! The restaurant was always a bit chilly, so wear a sweater. Overall the stay was excellent.	
Jan 28 2007	Nice Hotel Location ok	I stayed here with my boyfriend in October for 5 nights. The hotel is lovely &amp; clean. The staff were very nice and helpful at the reception , the concierge &amp; the room porter's. On every second floor there are vending machines for cans of minerals.(make sure you have one dollors handy as they cost 1.25$ but r the nicest in the world if u wake up in the middle of the night gasping!! They also offer pay -per -view movies, which is really good, esp if uv been out all day &amp; ur in bed early with ur feet up. The room service is also really good, but avoid the steak( very fatty). The hotel isn't in a bad location , it is about 10 blocks from broadway &amp; times square. But If I was going back I think I would stay closer to the main area. I couldn't honestly fault the hotel as it is really nice, and really holds its head high to be rated as a 3 star. The reason I think I was a bit disappointed in the location is because we walked the length &amp; breath of NYC, so by the time I got to Broadway (I was saying oh nooo not another 10 blocks!!) To stay somewhere closer good spots are the wellington, or the edison. also the Pennsylvania Hotel which is a good location, but to be honest as a travel Agent I have heard some nasty stories about it..I would highly reccommend the Holiday Inn, but I wouldn't oversell it for it's location.However there is a subway stop on 59th street that will bring you downtown, soho etc for $2pp one way.Shopping Tips for NYC: go to Pearl River in Soho, go to Cliquers on 34th Street across the road from Macy's and down a bit towards the empire state building. And also watch out for a chain shop called Rainbow, there is one on 34th St &amp; 57th St ( next to the Holiday Inn. ALso if you are going in October try to stay for the night of the 31st and go see the Halloween Parade( the New Yorkers take it to the next level.) I was so disappointed that we were coming home on the 31st and missed it. One more tip for NYC.. if you want nice accommodation &amp; not too expensive book the radio city apartments, excellent location, really clean and handy.You can book these through [-] or through your travel agent as sometimes the radio city give out their allocation to agents, so their website may not have availability but you will get it from another agent,but book early as they are really popular. Also one more tip: when coming from the airport instead of getting a taxi which will probably rip you off, book a shuttle on [-], it is so convienent &amp; inexpensive. When you arrive in JFK go to the Ground Transportation desk and hand them your confirmation, the mini bus takes about 8/9 ppl and in turn drops you off at each hotel, on the return you ring super shuttle 24 hours before you travel home to reconfirm your booking and flight number, they will give you a new reservation number and a pick up time to be outside your hotel. The best thing about this is that when you pay for it at time of booking you know how much you will be charged etc, as taxis in nyc charge while they stand in traffic. If you want to tip the driver then that is up to yourself. And finally I just have to say that the 2 shopping trips one to Jersey Gardens &amp; one to Woodbury Common are great. If you are stuck for time and money then go to Jersey Gardens(30 mins of a journey &amp; it has a Nike Factory shop, Tommy Hilfiger, Ralph Lauren etc, it is indoors and compact. Also it is a lot cheaper and shorter journey to get to than Woodbury Common, You go to the 2 nd Building on the left ( when you are standing in front of it looking at it) at the Bus Port Authority , go to the desk ask for your return ticket to Jersey Gardens , go to exit 222 and look for bus NJ Transit 111( this may change from time to time, ) Woodbury Common is also great but it takes an hour to get here and costs about $48pp for the bus alone as you are buying this from a new york sights seeing company.) Woodbury Common is outdoors and has loadsa shops, george Beene, Donna Karen, Armani , Gucci, Adidas Factory, Nike Factory. But to be honest if you are not into Gucci etc, Jersey Gardens is def the place to go. It has everything woodbury Common has but less expensive to get there!!Happy Shopping!!	
Jan 28 2007 	very good stay	Had a very nice stay at this hotel, good location, clean and tidy, friendly staff. beds a bit old and food just ok, but overall it was a very nice visit to the big apple.Thankyou Holiday inn.	
Jan 26 2007 	Great location and very comfortable hotel	We stayed in this hotel from 18th Jan to 21st Jan and have to say the stay was most enjoyable. The conceierge was very helpful, the staff were really nice. The rooms were spacious and clean, bathroom was a bit small, but we managed, be careful though when booking cos not all rooms have bathrooms. The location is great, would recommend this hotel as its very comfortable.	
Jan 25 2007 	Excellent location	We stayed at the Holiday Inn Midtown for two nights in January, rooms were very spacious and clean as was the hotel. The staff were excellent especially the concierge desk. We enquired at the desk as soon as we arrived regarding best places to eat, shopping, tours and shows and the advice we were given was spot on. We did a lot of walking whilst we were there as the hotel was in such a convenient location. Would certainly stay at this hotel again and would have no hesitation in recommending it to friends.	
Jan 18 2007 	Well beyond my expectations!	I have never written a review for anything before but after reading some of the reviews and actually staying at this hotel myself, I felt compelled to do so. I know there are lots of other hotels that are more luxurious (and no doubt pricier), but the Holiday Inn Midtown was very clean, affordable and more than met our needs. The purpose of my trip was a girls' trip to visit friends in the city and go see a broadway play. We stayed for two nights. We arrived about two hours prior to check in and there was no problem getting into our room early. The staff was very friendly and helpful with everything from restaurants to shopping to subway routes. The rooms are huge for NY and the linens were very clean (I love crisp white sheets.) The water was very hot and you never had to wait between showers. The location of the hotel was close enough to almost everything if you don't mind walking. For people who don't want to walk a few blocks this might not be the hotel for you. When we checked out, they stored our luggage because we had a late afternoon flight. We didn't even have to ask. Finally, something that I have never had happen in all my years of travel - when we received the bill, the nightly rate was actually lower than what we were quoted when we booked. That was just icing on the cake. My friends and I go to NY at least two times a year. This was our first stay at Holiday Inn Midtown, but after much discussion, this stay won't be our last.	
Jan 12 2007 	Top Value Hotel in a Great Location	Stayed 4 nights at the Holiday Inn Midtown 57th St just before Christmas. After searching the net for good deals, I finally chose this hotel primarily based on the nightly rate, but also for its location. This hotel is great value compared to many similar hotel brands in New York. On arriving at 7pm, check-in was fast &amp; efficient. Front desk staff &amp; concierge were all polite &amp; helpful. Rooms are extremely spacious by NY standards, with plenty of space for suitcases etc. The bed was very comfortable &amp; never had any problems sleeping at night. The decor is ok &amp; room amenities just fine. Housekeeping was efficient. The hotel is well located &amp; within walking distance to the main tourist spots. Central Park is just a couple of blocks away, &amp; Times Square, a leisurely 10-15 minute stroll. We walked everywhere, apart from to the financial district, when we used the subway. Always felt safe when walking around, even at night. There are loads of great traditional Diners near to this hotel &amp; most are open 24hrs. This means you can always get something good to eat &amp; you dont need to rely on the hotel, where the restaurants are on the pricier side.I would definitely choose this hotel again as it really was a good value for money base to explore NYC. This is not a luxury hotel, but then it doesn't pretend to be. Its a clean &amp; affordable option with spacious rooms &amp; friendly staff. If you're going to New York to shop &amp; do the tourist thing, then the Holiday Inn Midtown is a good choice. Why spend loads on many of the other big chains (Hilton / Renaissance / Westin etc) when you can get the same amenities for much less. Since you'll hardly ever be in the room, save your money - stay at this hotel &amp; shop til you drop...!!!	
Jan 7 2007 	Loved the Holiday Inn	Our room was very large and clean! Breakfast in the hotel restaurant was very good, but not really cheap.The location is very good for all midtown attractions - to walk! Also the subway is not far to walk.Would stay again here!!!	
Jan 4 2007 	Hard to Beat--Location and comfort	I have read some negative reviews on the Holiday Inn Midtown. Well, I suppose it is impossible to please some people.This is a very decent place, if one is not seeking total luxury on a budget. The bathroom are great, the room meet international standard (and I travel a whole lot).Trying to do better than this in Manhattan? Good luck, then.	
Dec 25 2006	Good location - Decent for NYC	We stayed at the Holiday Inn midtown on 57th on Dec 19, 2006. The location was great, we were able to walk to Radio City and Rockefeller Center easily. The hotel staff were friendly. The staff at the front desk recommended the restaurant Puttanesca (located at 859 9th Ave at 56th) for dinner. It was delicous and a short walk from the hotel. On Wed. morning we grabbed a bite at Pick a Bagel on 57th as we walked to Radio City. Pick a Bagel was quick, cheap and good. We were able to park our car at the hotel for $23.00 for 24 hours. We arrived around 7pm on Dec 19, and on the 20th we saw a show and did a few tours and then walked back up to the hotel to get the car at the end of the day. Perfect location. The price was $220 for one night -- good price for NYC during the holidays. Don't expect luxury -- the hotel was a cheap, clean, place to stay. Needs a bit of reburishing, however I would stay there again.	
Dec 21 2006 	Unbelievable value and location!!	After painfully searching for a good location and value in midtown Manhattan, I stumbled upon the Holiday Inn on 57th street! this place is awesome. For a run of the mill Holiday Inn, its location is prime, close to everything and in walking distance to all the touristy spots! Plus the price couldnt have been better! I went through the Holiday Inn website directly rather than through Expedia and Travelocity because frankly, you can get a better deal going directly through the hotels and you dont have to pay up front!! The rooms were huge for NYC standards and clean and the staff was helpfull and friendly!! I can honestly say I never expected this from a chain hotel!! Do yourself a favor...STAY HERE!!	
Dec 5 2006	Holiday Inn Mid Town - What a gem in the big apple	We stayed in the holiday inn on W57th from 24 Nov 2006 to 30th Nov 2006 and found it to be excellent. We stayed in the Sheraton Manhattan Last Year and the Holiday Inn was way better and cheaper!. The staff were both friendly and helpful the room was huge by Manhattan standards and it was spotless. We were a little apprehensive as some of the reviews were'nt great. There are a couple of diners nearby which were good the morning star across the road is alright a bit cramped and expensive for what you get. The moonrock diner between 8th and 9th on 57th is excellent - more reasonably priced and the food and service are way better. The Flame on 9th avenue is also v good sandwiches are excellent. If you like greek food try Nicks on 9th Avenue about 4 blocks down from the corner of 9th and 57th heading downtown. When we were leaving the porter organised a hotel car to bring us to the airport at very short notice $60 flat including toll and tip. We are making an annual trip to new york for christmas shopping and will definitely be returning to the Holiday Inn. - Clare Dublin Ireland	
Nov 27 2006 	Good Place to stay	Myself and My Husband stayed here the end of Oct 2006. Hotel is very nice, in a quiet area, very safe to walk at night. Room was very big and clean. Bed was hugh and very comfortable!Hotel Staff were very helpful, esp the guy over the shows/transport. Would stay again when i go back...	
Nov 16 2006 	Great place to stay	Booked Holiday Inn after cancelling the dreaded Hotel Carter.Check in was smooth and receptionist was very polite &amp; chatty. We had a king size bed which was very comfy. Room was warm and clean but like other reviewers said it's a bit dated but I'm not bothered about furnishings as long as the place is clean then I'm happy. Maid cleaned room daily.Our room was at the back so was really quiet. Location was very good. Close to Central Park, about 5 min walk to Columbus Circle Subway, 15 mins from Times Square. felt safe walking around the area late at night.Booked theatre tickets from the hotel and had them at a great price. Better than queuing at box office. Don't have a drink in the hotel, it's expensive instead walk around the area and you'll find some great resturants &amp; bars.Also don't be pressured by the bellboys into booking a limo-taxi to the airport for $70, they say it's the cheapest way to the airport, it's not!!! Just get yourself a cab or shuttle bus.All in all I was impressed by this hotel and would stay again.	
Nov 13 2006 	Tired hotel in need of updating	We spent Saturday night there. It is a good location, about a mile walking distance from Time Square, Central Park and Rockefeller Center. The room was very tired. It was an unusually warm day for Nov. 11, and the air conditioner did not work. The room was very stuffy and warm even with the windows open. The bathroom was in dire need of an update. Hotel personnel were nice and the lounge was good too. Breakfast dining room was also fine.	
Nov 11 2006	Desperately Needing Refurbishment	ON THE PLUS SIDE: Good location on 57th Street, 5 minutes walk to Columbus Circle subway, 10 minutes walk to 5th Avenue. Fairly good amenities - bar, restaurant, gift shop. Some staff very helpful. Good local diners (especially The Flame on 9th). Good size double rooms.ON THE MINUS SIDE: The whole place looks tired, dated and grubby. I had a mouldy crumbling bathroom with a toilet that only flushed sometimes. Sinks are in the bedroom not the bathroom! Stained carpets, furnishings and walls. Slow elevators. Some staff downright rude. Drinks and food in the bar and restaurant vastly overpriced. Room service available but no menus/tariffs/details of this in rooms. Everyone in my party of 41 said their rooms were cold.Not good value for the price.	
Nov 11 2006 	Would recommend	We did lots of research and when our first and second choice hotels weren't available we decided to go for this one which had some reasonable reviews. We were really impressed with the hotel nothing fancy but the staff were all really friendly and helpful. We had a slight flood in the bathroom (our fault) and maintenance were quick and sorted the problem out with no fuss. The bathroom was a bit small but the room was fine with two double beds we were on 16th floor overlooking 57th Street. We didn't find the room to be noisy in fact one of the advantages of this hotel is it is just away from the noise main routes through NY but convenient enough for all the attactions. Didn't use the hotel restaurants as there were a couple of diners just along the street which were great value. We would definately consider this hotel next time we come to NYC.	
Nov 1 2006	Necessary Evil	We were able to priceline this hotel for a Wednesday night for $220 + tax and fees. We had a horrible time finding a hotel at a reasonable rate (even though we were able to get a three star beautiful hotel downtown for $120 a couple days later), so we finally bit the bullet and upped our bid in order to receive a hotel in Midtown. We had Letterman tickets so the location was ideal. The hotel was at least safe, the lobby generously sized, but the rooms were small and run down. Check in was fine- we were able to check in at 11 am which was pretty early. All in all, it was a necessary evil and sometimes in Manhatten you have to take what you can get. At least the letterman tickets were free!	
Oct 28 2006 	OK but wildly overpriced!	I paid an average of $285.00 per night for a six night stay in September 2006. Manhattan hotel prices are notoriously absurd, but I thought this was a lot for the accommodation. There was nothing spectacularly wrong with the room or the hotel, but the room was old and worn. I imagine it must have been nice in 1975, but it didn't look like it had been renovated since then. Like a lot of budget hotels in New York the water temperature moved rapidly from lukewarm to scalding, I just thought that $285.00 qualified me for something other than a budget hotel, and I definitely expected more from a Holiday Inn.On the upside, the room was large by Manhattan standards and clean. The bed was good, and the linen of more recent origin than 1975.However, I'm sure one can do better for the money, and I am unlikely to repeat my stay.	
Oct 26 2006 	nice location	We just returned from a long weekend in NYC. We booked the Holiday Inn on 57th after reading many reviews. We were a little concerned when we checked in and were told that there would be no heat or air conditioning during our stay because they were switching over the system. We stayed on the 11th floor and we were able to open the windows a few inches, which actually kept the room comfortable. To start the location was excellent. Many restaurants and pubs nearby and close to the subway. The front desk staff were very friendly and helpful. The beds were comfortable and we had plenty of pillows. The tv worked well. Now the not so good, the bathroom was not in very good condition. There was mold growing on the ceiling and on the grout in the tub. The sink had a leak and would create a puddle whenever you ran the cold water. We only paid $213.00 per night and were not expecting much and were satisfied overall. If your on a tight budget it's not a bad place to stay.	
Oct 11 2006 	Overpriced dump	I was truly disappointed with this hotel. The website photos are - least to say - a glorified impression of this motel-wanna-be-hotel. I paid $300 a night in October and for this rate it is totally NOT worth it and a total dump. OK, if you get a killer rate and want basics, this is it.When I entered the lobby it stank mildew. The bellboys were just standing chatting and had no interest in helping with the luggage neither when I arrived or left. The day I left they tried to force me to book a limo-taxi for the airport and got aggressive when I declined; they earn commission on these bookings. Instead I got a taxi for $20 less than their quote, even if they swore I would never find anything cheaper than &quot;their&quot; rate.I don't need extreme luxury if I travel for short trips and look for budget accommodation, but for this rate I would expect something much better. The location is not good either and there are far greater hotels in NYC for better rates on better locations. The location, a bit off-beat, really kills that awesome NYC feeling you get when you visit the Big Apple and you somehow feel a bit cut-off from the real center.Room services was normal and my room was clean, the food quite allright but not a single glass for water. They actually refused to bring me a pitcher of water with my $35 dinner order and demanded me to 'order bottles'.... I refused to pay for water at $300 a night and $35 for an ordinary meal! My cleaning staff were about as sweet as they come. It seems to be a popular hotel with old people and tourists who clearly are on budget. I felt I was living at Motel 6 - not the Holiday Inn.I wouldnt recommend this hotel to anyone who has to pay anywhere over $200 for the rooms, even if it's New York and hotels can be costly even for rubbish.	
Oct 4 2006 	The Girls Hit New York City	I stayed here in July with my two daughters (16 and 13) and we had great service. Our room was not facing the street and it was very quiet. My girlfriend's room was facing the street and was very noisy. After the first night she asked to get a different room and was given one right away with no problems. The front desk staff were very friendly and helpful. The hotel is about a 15 minute walk to Times Square but it is a nice walk. Central Park is right around the corner. We even rode the subway the last two days with no problems. Tiffany's is right down the street at Fifth Ave. Walking with my two daughters at 11:30 at night was never a problem and we always felt safe on our way back to the hotel. (This was the summer though and the streets were alive with people all the time). We never used the pool as we were out of the hotel by 9:00 in the morning and back at midnight. I would not hesitate to stay at the Holiday Inn again.	
Sep 23 2006 	Enjoyable 5 nights	Stayed at this hotel from 9th to 14th September 2006. A great start to our holiday. New York is amazing and this hotel is absolutely fine. We had read some bad reviews and did not know what to expect. We had a king size bed that was just huge and had lovely clean linens. Cleaniness of the room and hotel was good. All staff we spoke to were polite and friendly. The concierges were very helpful and knowledgable. The area round the hotel feels safe and there are some great places to eat. The Morning Star cafe is the place to go for breakfast, lovely atmosphere and good food. Would recommend this hotel and would have no worries about going back there to stay.	
Sep 12 2006 	Great price quality and location	Myself, my husband and best friend stayed here for 4 nights in August. I did heaps of research on this site so was hoping I made the right choice! I got a great price for booking directly on the Holiday Inn website (USD168). Keep in mind that a year ago I stayed at the Sheraton Towers for triple the price so was comparing to that.Anyway, we found it to be excellent value for the money. It was in a great location, (57th and 9th - a little bit of extra walking, but we needed it with all the food we ate!), the room was big, actually larger than the Sheraton. It was older and a bit worn but again no worse than the Sheraton. The bathroom was a good size.The hotel services were good - the Concierge gave us his direct line to the car hire place and told us to ask for the hotel rate which saved us some money! It had all the benefits of a big hotel bar, room service etc.OverallI would highly recommend as a cost effective hotel in Manhattan. Will defintley be staying there again.	
Sep 11 2006 	location location	After reading other reviews we were really apprehensive about staying at this hotel but most of our fears were groundless. Our room was fairly large and very clean- the housekeeping staff were great! The pool area was clean although the staff up there were very brusque and unwelcoming. The restaurant was also very good although again the staff were not as helpful as we had found everywhere else in the States The bar was as others said- you had to wait for your drink for some time as the staff were doing paperwork,fetching food, or talking on a mobile phone! That said the concierge were great with advice and booking tours etc for us and the hotel was in a great location in walking distance to Times Square, Central Park and the shopping, the Shows.You have to see a broadway show! We went to the TKTS office to see what shows were half price the night we wanted but nothing grabbed us. We wanted to see Lion King so went to the box office and got brilliant tickets for $110! and it was well worth every penny( or rather cent!)	
Aug 29 2006 	great	Went with 3 girlfriends who are all picky and we were happy with this hotel. The rooms were a good size, more towels provided when asked, water presure good, room service good and friendly staff. I like staying on the east side but the prices were too high and I got a great deal at the holiday inn. I am planning another trip and looks like im staying here again. I would upgrade if I could but prices are again too high and I had no problems with this hotel except the bar closed at midnight so we had to continue our evening with a bottle to go up to the room. If you can't afford rockstar prices this is the best place for you.	
Aug 29 2006	Not so bad really!!	I have read the other reports and must admit that we did not find this Holiday Inn that bad. For a big city hotel it does its best nand the staff are very friendly and helpful. It is well located for most attractions especially Central Park.	
Aug 14 2006 	Would not recommend to anyone!!	My husband and I stayed at the Holiday Inn Midtown for 4 nights in August, 2006. We had never been to NYC before, and thought it would be ideal for a short holiday. The city and attractions were fantastic, however our experience with this hotel was extremely disappointing. We are well travelled and have stayed in hotels all over the world. Never have we had such sub-standard accommodation. We do know what to expect from a 3 star property, having stayed in many without incident. Our room was on a non-smoking floor, which we had requested - however the smoke from the room below came through the vents continuously and consequently, not only did the room have the foul odour which pervaded the entire hotel, we were subjected every day to strong cigarette odour. I have quite severe allergies and could barely manage to complete our stay here. There were food service trays in the hallways every day - the same ones that were there when we arrived. During the entire 4 days these were never removed and the odour of rotting food grew in intensity very quickly. Our room was not serviced each day. On our way out one morning we encountered a member of the housekeeping staff who threw a number of disheveled towels in our direction and were told that was it for the day! We had to return to our room to leave the towels. The shower handle fell off at least twice during every shower and the shower itself was anything but powerful - a mere trickle would be an exaggeration. I could never get all the shampoo rinsed from my hair before the water turned ice cold. Unfortunately, the only positive thing I can say about this hotel is that all the concierge staff we dealt with were pleasant, knowledgable, friendly and would obtain tickets quickly for any attraction you might want. Overall, this was one of the worst hotels we have stayed at throughout our many years of travelling. We did not eat at the hotel, but did find adequate restaurants (although expensive - I guess that is what you should expect in New York) in the area. We did feel safe walking at night as there were so many people about. Overall, even though this is an inexpensive hotel by New York standards, we have stayed in many finer Holiday Inns and I cannot honestly recommend this location - just too many negatives!	
Aug 13 2006 	Bypass this hotel	Pass this hotel...do not use precious reward points, go directly to the Doubletree Guest Suites on Times Square...This is not worthy of the Holiday Inn chain, and we have been at a few not so clean Holiday Inns, but this was bad. We have also been at the best of the Holiday Inns. We were at Midtown July 18-21,2006-my first inkling that we had picked the bottom of the litter was when my 7 y.o. daughter and I got out of the cab with our luggage,and there were 2 bellman around and noone acknowledged us for 15 minutes-no kidding! I spoke up twice before we got some help, then the rude desk clerk demanded a charge card and I refused since the 3 nites were on Rewards Nites; they didn't need a charge card. We were assigned the first room on the 9th floor in the tower,the hall stunk like garbage,the AC didn't work(it was a heat wave), their were dirty dry cloths in the bathroom on the tub, the room was filthy, and there was not clean linens on the one bed. There was an inch of dust on the wall floor and between the wall and bedside table(I take an air purifier so I need to look for plug-ins).The room stunk like mold and mildew, and the shower wall had visible mold on it in many places. I called the manager and said it was unacceptable, he moved us to the 5th floor in the tower-the hall smelled better and the room was better but still needed some cleaning.Sheets didn't fit either. I requested the room to be really cleaned the next morning-this shower wall had a few spots of mold on it-not as bad as the prior room, but there was still alot of visible dust in between the wall and bedside table. My daughter and I ret'd from breakfast. while housekpg was in the room, and she had really been working on the shower wall and cleaned the visible dust. She did tell me that every employee(busboys, clerk,etc.) was to take turns doing heavy cleaning on each floor every 10 days and it was obvious that wasn't being done. The housekeeper got us new bed linens that fit and I will say the room was tolerable the rest of the stay, but not to the point that I would recommend this hotel. The AC still didn't work the best and there was always an odor in every hallway we were on. The rooftop pool was very clean and nicely kept, and was refreshing for my daughter and I to go to after long days of touring the city. The lifeguards were also nice enough to allow it to stay open past the 6pm closing time on a couple hot days. The outside Holiday Inn street sign is very nice, but very misleading to what is inside. I can't help but think we were given the bottom of the barrell because of using reward nites, and it was my daughter and I staying. I am writing Holiday Inn corporate office as this hotel is no short of being awful. To top matters off, my husband received a $219.99 charge from the hotel for one nite on the 14th, that wasn't even in the reservations.The accountant had no problem removing the charge but is the principal-be leary! Our bill was $0.00 when we left!. We were at the Doubletree Guest Suites on Times Square, which is where we will stay from now on. My daughter really wanted a pool, and that was hard to find when preparing for this trip, so that is how we ended up at the Holiday Inn-Midtown. I am sure there probably are some nice rooms in this hotel but only kept up to snuff for certain visitors!I regret spending our points for this place.	
Aug 10 2006 	ick ick ick!!!!	I stayed here last weekend with my two children. We were given a room on the 2nd floor, and as soon as we got off the elvator, there was a disgusting, rotting smell. Turned out it was someone's room service food in the hallway (meat with a sauce? coffee with milk?), super ripe, with a film on top. Called front desk, assured they would remove. The bathroom was disgusting: dirty, one towel, water on the floor, strange sewage marks, etc. We came back from dinner that night; the food was till there; called again.The next morning food was still there and the smell had pervaded the room itself. I have travelled a lot, and generally budget and hostel level, and this was grosser than anything I have seen since the hostel in New Orleans during a heat wave when I was a teenager. In other words, my standards are not super picky. So I called again, was offered free breakfast ( kids eat free anyway, so whatever). Went out for the day, came back and the food was still there, now with flies and strange colorings. The room was stinky as hell and the air conditioning was not great (this was during a 90-plus days, even into 100 degree, btw).So I went to the front desk and had some sharp words, which I have never done before. I offered to clear the food myself and the front desk person yelled at me...Talked to the manager, very calmly, and she was wonderful. She swapped my room for a lux 9th floor corner room, tra la. That was great!However, when we left the next evening, I stopped in on the 2nd floor (this is perhaps a 3-minute walk from the front desk) just to see...it was still there.So there's some pretty serious internal and sanitation issues there.I go to NY at least once a year...lemme tell ya, my friends' sofa beds will be fine from now on. Gross!!!!	
Aug 5 2006 	Great hotel!	Well, I'm very remiss in reporting, but we, my son &amp; I stayed here last January (2005) for 3 nights. We enjoyed this stay very much. Hotel was great. We were on an upper floor in the tower. We specifically asked for tower when we checked in. Room was large and everything was neat and clean. Would definitely recommend. Very convenient to subway and Central Park.	
Aug 3 2006 	Never Again!	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for a week in May 2006. We had been to New York several times previously and we chose this hotel because of its proximity to the Lincoln Centre as we had booked to go to three operas. The location is fine - not the best bit of town, but quite acceptable and safe and the room was very spacious. However, the price was far too high and I felt that the room was dingy and unappealing. The bathroom was even darker and very old fashioned and the lobby doesn't have a welcoming feel about it at all. While we were there various groups of young people were staying and so the entrance area always seemed to be full of luggage, people and noise. I did not think it was up to what I would consider to be Holiday Inn standards and I would never stay there again. I did try to change hotels after a couple of nights, as we hadn't paid in advance, but unfortunately it was around graduation time and most hotels were full.	
Jul 30 2006 	Great Location and Nice Price!	I have no idea what the last posters were talking about in terms of the room being so small and pricey! I booked our room on July 25 and 26 for $160/night and it had two double beds. At first I thought the beds would be small but they were more like queen sized beds. The room was bigger than any hotel room I've ever stayed at. You could have fit one more of the beds in there at least!!! For the price, this room was absolutely fantastic. Can't beat the location, walkable to Times Square, Rockafeller Plaza, Central Park, etc. Like a previous poster said, we walked many places that we should have probably taken a cab to but because it was so convenient we just walked instead.The restaurant was perfect for breakfast! It was myself and my two daughters and because kids eat free breakfast was only $13 each day including a full breakfast for me, coffee, juice, hot cocoa for the kids and their choice of pancakes, waffles, french toast, eggs, etc. The first morning the water, Alvaraz, even begged me to only order 1/2 of the adult portion for the kids when they didn't want to order off the kids menu so that they wouldn't be charged for it. I highly recommend the cinnamon french toast!! yummmmieeeee!!!!I go to NYC once a year with my girlfriends and will absolutely make this our new hotel to stay at from now on!	
Jul 25 2006 	Great locaton but	Recently stayed at the Holiday Inn on 57th. Great location for all the major tourist traps. Rooms were a bit small the a family with two kids but bearable. Toilet small and noisy but the wash basin was seperate which was good, except for the leaking taps and slow clearing drain. The A/C was a godsend. Housekeeping were very efficient with the cleaning and towel changes, so efficient that they actually appeared to have gone through our shopping bags and tried to tidy them up, sadly they missed the photos that we had in the bags and they threw them in the thrash. Management did not seem to care about this and I got no apology for this at all. The breakfasts were a bit pricy but were tasty. The saving grace for the hotel to me was the great guys they have as concierges, Carl and Kelly were absolutly brilliant. The Morning Star 24hr diner accross the street ins quite good but if you bring someone special on a trip there, bring them to the resteraunt La Biarritz, a small french place one block over to the right, fabulous food. Overall, I would stay here again only if I could not get another hotel at the time of my stay in the city.	
Jul 21 2006	Would go again!!	My family of four loved the location of this hotel. The room was very, very quiet and the beds were very comfortable. The curtains were the &quot;room darkening&quot; types of curtains, so this allows you to block out the daylight if you need to. Sink area was separate from the tub/toilet area. There was an ironing board with iron in the bathroom. I thought the bathroom sink area could have been bigger, but that is really my only complaint. Room A/C worked well, maid service was good, front desk staff was very friendly. We would return to this location because it was quieter than some sections of the city. We were within walking distance of Times Square and Central Park, and we managed to walk to a lot of places we probably should have taken a taxi to. What a nice city!	
Jul 18 2006	Good Choice	After 20 hours in aeroplanes and airports, it was great to finally put our heads on a pillow. The Holiday Inn chain provides a more than adequate accomodation option. Check in was smooth and our room was adequate. As far as value for money goes, the Holiday Inn New York is well worth it. Clean rooms, friendly staff and close to everything. While we didn't eat in the hotel, there were plenty of choices in the immediate area. We travelled with two kids and the area appeared very safe. Often we were still out late at night.For location and value for money, I would have no hesitation about staying here again.	
Jul 18 2006 	Small but adequate!	OK - say it with me &quot;TINY ROOM&quot;. The hotel was fine, clean, and centrally located, but the rooms were painfully small. The service was good and the food was OK, but for $349 per night for the &quot;smallest room I have ever had&quot;, this hotel was overpriced.	
Jul 13 2006 	Good for New York even if not a Good Hotel	As many regular travellers with a &quot;normal&quot; nightly budget will know, New York may be one of the World's Great Cities, but its greatness is in no way based on the quality of its middle-of-the-road hotels: these tend to have small rooms, aging decor and poor customer service.So although in any other city this Holiday Inn would be &quot;just another cookie-cutter Holiday Inn&quot;, these attributes in New York, in particular the room sizes, elevate it above much of the competition.And the location, not far from Columbus Circle, is very convenient.Would I go back? Yes, I have been doing so for years.	
Jul 2 2006	Nice hotel	I stayed here with my Father from june 7th till 13thThe room was huge the beds also And you get every morning USA today for freeHotel staff was also niceAnd you can walk to central park in 5 minutes Subway is also 4 minutes1 block from the hotel you have a nice little restaurant dont know the name anymore but the food was good and cheap	
Jun 28 2006	Holiday Inn ...great with caveats	Holiday Inn at 57th was a great base for a week in the Big Apple . Fine room , we even looked out on the roof pool ...it was ace. Didnt try the food , 10th Ave Diner was fab for breakfast , and the Brooklyn Diner a bit farther away was great but a bit more pricey !!Some draft beer in the Hotel bar , and a bit of personality might have enticd more than one drink per night there . Overall we''d stay there again at the rate we got . also desk staff and concierge s were very helpful Other stuff , the town is everything we expected . River Cafe FAB FAB FAB .....the view is to die for. TKTS is terriffic and the lines really moveSwing 46 is rubbbish ...they tried to charge 20 dollare for 40 minutes of music , and we were the only people in the band area ....come on ... Shop till ya drop , though Century 21 is a bit mixed up ! Macys rocks !! and for the guys Macys have a bar AND a Barney's !!Lookin forward to the next trip !!	
Jun 28 2006	Loved the Hotel	After reading some of the reviews for this hotel we were a bit hesitent about what to expect, my husband and two friends stayed for 4 nightsfrom 16th June 2006 and found it to be a lovely clean and very central hotel to stay in, in new york, the rooms were nice and big and the staff were very accomodating. The location was fab, easy walking distance to most of the attractions and very safe, would RECOMMEND anyone to stay there, don't believe all the negative remarks, would definately stay there again.	
Jun 27 2006	Great location	Myself and my friends stayed here for a weekend in NY from 16- 19 Jun 06, the location was briliant, the hotel in is a nice area with a great little Irish bar across the street. It is also within walking distance of Central Park, 5th Ave, Times Sq etc etc so is perfect for tourists. The subway is only down the street too if you don't want to walk.The room was clean and spacious enough for the 3 of us. The only downside was that there are no curtains that you can draw at night time so the sun beams in the window from sunrise, though this isn't much of a hassle if like us you are up early to see the city! Overall a good hotel and I would stay there again for sure.	
Jun 18 2006	Great time in the Big Apple	My husband and myself went to New York June 12th to the 16th and we had the best time. New York is truly the city that doesn't sleep. The Hotel is in a great location as you can walk everywhere. 20min the Empire State bldg. 15 to time square 10 to the theatre area 5min to central park. The shopping is great and the food is excellent. Nice Italian restaurant on 56th and 9th. After walking around New York for a few days We were very pleased with the location as well as the hotel itself. The hotel rooms are standard size so that was great. The swimming pool was great place to relax after walking around all day. The staff were extremely helpful. We will be going back again.	
Jun 16 2006	Great spot but don't have the breakfast!	Great spot. Very central to everything! but use the subway. After the first day on foot as we were unsure about subway your feet give up! Central park just around the corner. Huge rooms, great facilities.There is a gym on the ground floor which was good. Staff would be a bit 'iffy' particularly on the night we arrived they basically told us they had no room becuase we were a day and half late due to cancelled fligh although I had rang to inform them! I fought my case, very easily, i must add and sge sorted us out. Very busy spot too and if your in tower A looking onto 57th on 2nd floor as we were the street can be a bit noisy at night. But DO NOT have breakfast there. We had one omlette, 1 cereal, 2 teas and toast and a glass of o-juice each - 32 dollars!!! crazy. try out the brooklyn diner (eastwards on 57th) - lovely spot or just past morning star (don't eat there!) there is a brilliant eaterie but the name escapes me! Just cross the street at morning star go past it on left with small chinese-run grocers on right and it's up on your left.I would recommend the holiday inn midtown - only avoid the costly breakfast	
Jun 14 2006	Pleasant Stay at the Holiday Inn on 57th Street	My recent stay at the Holiday Inn on 57th Street was quite good. I stayedin a room in Tower B that was quite large by NYC standards. Everything throughout the hotel was clean and well maintained. The room itself wasvery typical of that you would expect at a Holiday Inn. The only reason I didam not rating this hotel &quot;Excellent&quot; rather than &quot;Above average&quot; is that themattress/box spring in my room was uncomfortable and creaked wheneverI moved--larger, more absorbant towels would also have been welcomed.The location of this hotel is good for exploring the city. A majorsubway hub is only 1.5 blocks away at Columbus Circle. Lincoln Center,Central Park, and the theater district are an easy walk from this hotel.While the immediate area surrounding the hotel is residentual, thereare numerous restaurants nearby, especially along 9th Avenue goingsouth toward the theater district. The only meal I ate in the hotel's restaurantwas breakfast, which was good, but not outstanding. The service in thehotel's restaurant was good in spite of the fact that the gratuity was automaticallyadded. The hotel's parking garage provided a good value for NYC parkingat only $20/day for hotel guests. There are no in/out priviliges, but you reallydon't want to drive around NYC anyway!Overall, this hotel is a good choice for someone who wants a clean, pleasantplace to stay that is moderately priced ($200 or less) by NYC standards. Thishotel is certainly not appropriate for someone looking for a luxurious experience.I certainly would stay at the Holiday Inn on 57th Street again.	
Jun 14 2006	Great central hotel	Myself &amp; a friend stayed at the Holiday on West 57th in May 2006. The hotel is centrally located, 2 blocks from central park, 10 min walk to Times Square. The rooms were clean &amp; spacious with all you would expect from a holiday inn including TV, Phones, hairdryer, Iron &amp; ironing board &amp; our room had 2 double beds. Within a 1minute walk you have a choice of many restaurants including chinese, indian, italian, mexican, sushi, pubs. There are also a couple of starbucks close by which make breakfast a lot cheaper than eating in the hotel.The staff were all very efficient &amp; professional &amp; the concierge service is good.My only word of warning in this hotel is BEWARE of the international telephone charges as they are extremely expensive!!Other than that I wouldn't hesitate in recommending this hotel &amp; I would stay there again.	
Jun 12 2006	a great option - air con is installed - staff a bit iffy.	What a good hotel... I was in 1532 of Tower A. Especially if you're a tourist planning on seeing more than just the inside of a hotel room. Location was fine - 10-15 to Times Sq ($5 taxi ride). Subway near by goes to a multitude of good locations. Rooms were roomy. We had four people in ours one night and that was fine. For the price, (I got $170 including tax), I was happy here for the 7 nights. In New York, you get what you pay for. I'd rather spend my money elsewhere.Airconditioning was installed contrary to previous review.Beware, room service is VERY expensive. Best to go to the Morning Star Diner across the street on corner of 57th and 9th. Cheap and cheerful. There's also a fantastic by-the-slice pizza shop on around 55th and 9th that does fantastic pizza.One thing, the staff here do have a MASSIVE attitude problem, but, I wouldn't let that affect my stay at all. One thing that irritated me was that I received a phone call from the front desk to say that my sunglasses had been handed in (had my name in the case), went down to reception two hours later and noone knew where they were. They were eventually recovered but they all seemed to have a chip on their shoulder...aside I might add, of the night concierge and valet staff. They were super friendly and helpful.In closing, a good find if you're in NY, want somewhere comfortable, and not too expensive. Wouldn't pay more than $220 per night here though (including taxes).Friends of ours stayed at the Doubletree on 51st and Lexington, good hotel, but in a business area. Same price range though.	
Jun 8 2006	The best hotel I have ever stayed in!	After struggling to find a hotel to stay in for my birthday holiday in New York I decided on the Holiday Inn. I was a little bit nervous about the size of the room after looking at reviews for various hotel - they all complained that the room's were tiny. Imagine my surprise when I walked through the door at the room was massve. Our bed was big enouigh for 4 people and swing a cat????? I could have swung a horse without it touching the side. Here is a list of the points1) Huge room (if you hadn't already gathered!!)2) Room Service and restruant food was excellent (a little pricey but never mind)3) Rooms cleaned and towels changed every day4) Staff extremely polite5) Concierge very helpful (the more tip you give the nicer they are!!)6) Good quiet air con7) Excellent location (15 mins walk from Times Sq)What more could a person ask for?	
May 31 2006	Great Location	This hotel was a real find. Had stayed in New York once before much closer to Times sq in a hotel with the smallest rooms ever. The Holiday Inn however was much better, great room sizes and friendly staff. The conceirge was very helpful to us and made everything easy.Its very close to Central Park and about a 20min walk to Times square. In the other direction Tiffanys is about a 25minute walk. The pool on the roof was great for a relaxing few hours.Breakfast was good, we went out for all the other meals, there is a great Irish bar along the road called Reynolds with good food and Stella on draught!	
May 16 2006	Hotel fine staff not	Actual hotel fine- good location, quiet with amenities. Room modern and large but no minibar. However, we had problems when checking in-the room had been booked in January (and we didnt arrive until May) and fully paid for (or so we thought), but the staff informed us that they had tried 3 times to get paymnet from a credit card but that it hadnt worked, but that had not bothered to contact us once and did not apologise. So when we tried to change a 5 dollar bill for quarters for the phone to try and sort the mess out, they were very reluctant. Not only were the staff reluctant to do this they were MOST UNHELPFUL and UNFRIENDLY our whole stay and acted as if every thing were a total hardship. One membr of reception and a bell boy was rude and never smiled once. So if you are looking for a hotel with friendly and courteous staff DO NOT stay at the Holiday Inn 57th Street Midtown.	
May 10 2006	Really a very good place to stay!	I liked this hotel very much, we felt at home during our 5 day visiting to NY. Rooms were very spacious, lobby very nice, personnel very friendly (bagboys helped us for NBA tickets) etc. Really, you get a great hotel at a moderate price.	
Apr 27 2006	Great locale nice cleam rooms but no A/C!	This was a great hotel, great location, great service - but the one thing that stunned me is there is no AIR CONDITIONING! How can people even survive there in the summer? As it was, we luckily only had one hot day when we were there, and almost roasted alive... even on the days when it started to get cold outside, the inside was still hot and we had to keep the windows open. If it's wintertime, though, this shouldn't be a problem. There is just no way anyone could be comfortable there in the summer though, which is a shame, because the rest of the hotel was great.Other than that, the rooms were very clean; service and the hotel staff were great and friendly. The location is in a nice residential area, but close to Central Park (3 blocks), Lincoln Center (3 blocks) and Carnegie Hall (2 blocks). It's a nice but not too long walk to Times' Square. Price was very reasonable, I thought, for the location.Great breakfast place on 58th and 9th - the Flame Diner.	
Apr 19 2006	Great location and reasonable price	We stay in NYC frequently and chose this hotel due to its proximity to Carnegie Hall and the price. Location was great. Room was attractive and clean. Staff was friendly. We paid $205 with all taxes for a double room. Free internet in the room. Bar area very nice and staff knowledgable. Parking was $20 for 24 hours. I would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 16 2006	Great location	This hotel is around 15 miles from JFK and was around $50 in a taxi, ALWAYS use the yellow taxis as they are cheaper than the private ones, there is a 10% 'gratuity' on EVERYTHING!Hotel is spacious, the rooms are basic but very clean and tidy, there is an enormous bed which I loved! Lifts are very small though and at peak times there can be a wait.The bar was very expensive but had the atraction of a very attractive barmaid.Toilet had a powerful flush which was noisy but you hardly heard anyone elses.All in all a comfy and clean hotel which was very close to the centre, central park and broadway were minutes away on foot. (Ask at reception for directions to the cut price booth for theatre tickets, up to 50% off. I saw the producers with a half price ticket - right up front!).I would happily go again....	
Apr 12 2006 	Nice Room Good Location Mafia Staff	The hotel was in a good location, close to the theaters and to central park. I liked the room, it was spacious and had everything we needed. A view would have been nice but it was acceptable for being in nyc. The hallways were a bit 70s and reminded me of a cheesy motel. The reception hall was ok but the staff seemed to bring it down. The receptionists were very attentive but the supervisors/managers always seemed like they &quot;had a late night&quot; and the bell hop boys were disturbing. They hung around their stand like a bunch of baltic mafiosos, usually talking about guns. They made you feel creepy. They were not pleasant -- which was strange for a city with a high proportion of friendly, nice people. The concierge, a blonde guy, was super helpful and friendly and I wish I had the money to leave him a big tip. He is the type of person who lights up your day.	
Apr 6 2006	Fantastic hotel!	This hotel was an amazing value for the price. The room was large by any standard, especially for NYC. And it had just been remodeled so everything was clean and new! Having access to the real gym downstairs was a big perk for me. Didn't try the restaurant but the lobby and bar area were spacious and nice. Location was great too... close to shopping, the park and the subway.	
Apr 5 2006 	clean 	this is not a 5 star hotel, but probably one of the few ny 3 star hotels that actually deserves 3 stars. first i am writing the review from the hotel with its courtesy wireless internet which is nice. second, i arrived at 7:30am and they checked me in with no problem whatsover. third, the rooms are very big in ny standards (which means average size anywhere else). And finally the room felt very clean, which again is not something that should be taken for granted in ny. yes the room was a little noisy (my room was facing 57th street, which is a pretty busy street) but since i used to live in ny, it doesn't bother me that much.	
Mar 28 2006	Wonderful price good location felt very safe	This hotel was wonderful after being stuck at the Carter Hotel first(total dump)...Our room felt very large as compared to other rooms I have stayed in, in the city. It was fairly basic but just perfect if you aren't the type to never leave your room on vacation...and actually see the sights. I felt comfortable leaving my belongings there, and the security at night made me feel extra safe...checking keys when people entered the building. Overall, I would recommend to anyone on a budget but still wants a comfortable place to stay and feel safe in.	
Mar 21 2006	Great hotel for the price compared to other NY hotels	My partner and I have just returned from a wonderful trip to NYC and this hotel was a great base. The rooms were much larger than expected with a large comfy bed and big TV. The bathroom was a reasonable size with a separate sink area which was great for doing my makeup. The room service and breakfast were good and all the staff were friendly bar one man. If you dont want to spend a fortune on accomodation and would rather spend it exploring NYC then pick this hotel..we enjoyed the walk to Times Sq it was quite near 5th ave too!and the subway is 2-3 blocks.	
Mar 17 2006	Better Than Expected	I have nothing to complain about. The accomodations and the staff were wonderful. We ate breakfast at the Hotel's restaurant and it was great. No complaints.	
Mar 6 2006	Great hotel	We stayed here late feb, early March and we found it to be good. The location was great, near Lincoln Centre and Central Park and within walking distance of Times Square. There were lots of shops and restaurants near us. The room was a good size, bathrooom was clean. We didn't hear any of the noice complained of by the other reviewer. All staff were extremely friendly, from reception and concierage to cleaning, they were all very friendly and helpful. Also useful is the vacation desk where any questions regarding activities in NY. They'll book for you there too! While it's not five star, it is good value. I'd definitely recommend this hotel!	
Mar 4 2006	old and noisy	So-so hotel. rooms good size. tired looking lobby. doors slam and really need modernizing to keep noise level down. We moved after a night to Holiday Inn Express. Much better there.	
Feb 23 2006	Great hotel!!!!!	This hotel was great, wonderful location, clean bathrooms, and nice staff. We arrived at 7am after being on a red-eye all night long, when we made reservations they said our room wouldn't be available until 3pm. When arrived at 7am all groggy and tired from the plane ride the checked us in right away, and we were able to take a quick nap, and go enjoy New York all day. it was great.I had to leave a day early because my flights got canceled for the next day due to the snow storm. I told the front desk of my situation and they didn't charge me for the extra night I would have stayed, even though I had booked it.That was nice of them! Plus when I was running out of there in a rush to make my flight, the front desk man ran outside and got a taxi for me, to save me time(and from standing in the cold).If you want a clean hotel, in a good location, with a friendly staff, this is your hotel.	
Feb 14 2006	Spend a little more and go elsewhere	My husband and I stayed here in February for two nights, but moved the third to the Casablanca down on 43rd St. The Holiday Inn was tacky, tired, overly worn, with a lumpy mattress, tiny bathroom, tiny room in general. The door bolt didn't work, and the noise from the hall was deafening. Save up and spend the extra money on the Casablanca. Well worth it. I would have written a glowing review of that hotel, but all the reviews already on there were exactly right. That place is wonderful.	
Feb 13 2006	At this price... or higher...you couldn't ask for more!	We didn't expect a lot... but hoped for a small room, clean and safe. Were we surprised! Good sized room. Clean and comfortable. Friendly staff and good neighborhood. Highly recommend this hotel!	
Jan 10 2006	a good option	This hotel is a good option if you can get it at a fair price as it is clean and comfortable and in a good location for time square and easy to get to all the sights in new york. It is nothing fancy though, and is showing it's age, but it more than makes up for it location wise. It is also quieter than midtown locations. We had a high floor and weren't bothered by noise in the night. Lovely large room too. The staff on the reception desk went out of their way to be nice too. Especially Yoldanda, a very helpful lady! This hoitel is well worth considering.	
Dec 14 2005	Great Safe Location	My husband and me stayed at the this hotel for 5 nights. It was our first time in New York, having just arrived from Europe we were plensently surprised at how big the rooms were. It isnt a really new hotel, but the rooms are large, comfortable and clean. The bathrooms were fine &amp; they have tea &amp; coffee facilities in the room. We walked back to the hotel numerous times very early hours of the morning and felt safe at all times. I would definately recommend this hotel and stay there again.The location is great, within walking distance to many New York attractions.Yes the lifts were slow once or twice but if we got sick of waiting just took the stairs.	
Dec 12 2005	Good location	Forget the other reviews of this hotel unless you care if you drink from a polystyrene cup or the room wasn't decorated to your taste.Good, safe location. Within walking distance of Times Square, Central Park, Fifth Avenue &amp; Rockeffeler Centre. Less than 5 minute walk to subway and two stops from 34th Street.Didn't eat in the hotel but plenty of good places around, especially the Flame diner on 8th Ave for breakfast.Hotel staff were polite and no problems with the lifts being slow.Only bad points are the plumbing on the 12th floor of tower A was a bit noisy and the room could do with being updated to make it more welcoming. However, it was very clean and safe.Would definitely stay here again.	
Dec 7 2005	Great location-Cleanlarge roomsWalking distance to most everything	Close to all attractions we were interested in,all eating places were better than average,people in and out of hotel were friendly and helpful, wireless internet was great. Rooms were large and clean along with bathrooms. Our room looked like it had been recently remodeled. Walked to all attractions,took the tours to downtown Manhattan and within walking distance to Central Park. Felt like we were always safe in and out of hotel even on the subway. If ever in NY again we would very likely stay here again.	
Dec 6 2005	No Complaints	Have just returned after a weekend break with my family. I've stayed in hotels all over the world and many of them much worse than this. Staff polite and helpful, room clean but in need of a fesh lick of paint. Have read reviews of others who make many complaints but have they thought it might be they who are at fault?. Would recommend the hotel and stay there again.	
Dec 2 2005	Thnaksgiving Stay	Stayed here during Thanksgiving week as I was in Ny for the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade.This is your standard Holiday Inn that you finn all around the country so dont't expect luxury. The room is large by NY standards. The stff was helpful even given the huge number of toursits in town for the parade. West 57th Street is a busy street. Good as it is very safe for walking around at night. Not so good if you are a light sleeper or are use to sleeping in the country. Being on the 8th floor I copuld hear some of the traffic noise as my room was on the front of the building. Try to get a room on a higher floor if possible. Very little interior noise from people next door or in the hallway. The check in was quick and efficient even though there were lots of people checking in for the holiday. We did get up to the room to find that it was still occupied. The desk clerk was very apologetic and the situation was quickly remedied with a room upgrade.I never waited long for an elevator which is amazing as many people were all leaving the hotel at the same time to get to their prime spot on the parade route. But be prepared the elevevators are samll.The location is great near Central Park and Carnegie Hall and the Crosstown Bus stop is very close.I would not hesitate to stay here again.	
Nov 21 2005	You don't get what you pay for (at $250 a night)	Staff and management attitude here is very bad overall. Leadership is abysmal, and is reflected in the outrageous treatment given to the guests by the employees. First, let me say this is a beautiful hotel and there are a few very good employees (especially the people who clean the rooms). However, for the most part, the employees reflect the worst attitudes possible in the service industry. 1. ATTITUDE. NO ONE SMILES. In fact, there appears to be a significant effort on the part of employees behind the reception counter, and in the restaurant, to avoid smiling, even when charming customers from various countries are smiling at them. 2. ATTITUDE. EMPLOYEES AND MANAGEMENT ARE RUDE. Employees behind the reception counter act as if it is a great inconvenience to them to have to listen to a customer. They interrupt before they know what the issue is, and they treat customers rudely. Again, not all employees, but most.3. ATTITUDE. CUSTOMERS ARE THE PROBLEM. There is no effort to fix problems, but, rather, to make excuses for why they can't be fixed, especially at the management level. The bell hop dropped my computer monitor. I reported it to security and they took a report. I heard nothing more about the incident. The next morning, I walked by a bell hop I believed to be the one who mishandled my monitor. He said something like &quot;two, two, two.&quot; I didn’t know if that was a curse, or if he was saying something to the man next to him who was on the phone. It sounded more like a spit than words.4. VALUE. YOU GET HALF OF WHAT YOU PAY FOR. There are two kinds of hotels. One provides a bed, the other provides a wonderful experience that makes guests want to come back, and to tell their friends. This hotel provides a bed (plus a bad experience). I can't recommend it to anyone.5. GRATUITIES (TIPS). GRATUITIES ARE MANDATORY, NO EXCEPTION. Gratuities are automatically added to every check, at the bar, and in the restaurant, even for one person. There was no clear answer about the percentage rate of the tip, only that it was “minimal,” whatever that means. This allowed the employees to take a &quot;could care less&quot; attitude, and most did. The occasional employee with excellent social skills gets screwed out of a good tip. 7. RESTAURANT. RESTAURANT SERVICE IS RUDE. Waiters walk away while the customer is ordering, the music playing is most inappropriate, and is set to produce the familiar echo of over-amplified third-world radio stations. When I asked one waiter if the tip was included, he quickly said it was included, grabbed the bill and my credit card and disappeared. The two numbers at the bottom of the check that looked like they could have been tax and tip weren't labeled, and seemed way out of proportion. He didn't bother to show me the tip, or tell me how it was calculated. The only thing that came back with my credit card was the receipt for my signature. I was in a hurry, so I didn't question him on it. It made me feel like he stole from me, even if he didn't.8. BAR. THE BAR IS BORING AND FRUSTRATING (BECAUSE OF THE STAFF, NOT THE GUESTS). I was at the bar for about an hour one night. There appeared to be two bartenders. One was constantly away getting food for the bar, while the other sat in a chair at the bar doing paperwork. The two employees appeared to be at each other throats. The bar was full, and people were upset that they couldn’t get service. But why should the bartenders provide service when their tips are automatically included in the bill? The bar environment would drive any employee crazy (and the customers hated it too). There was disco music playing from the PA system and a loud TV playing in the lounge area of the bar. It was the most pathetic bar experience I have ever had. 9. COMPUTER ACCESS. SOMETIMES THE WIRELESS NETWORK PROVIDES PLUG AND PLAY ACCESS. I was given a wireless network bridge to attach to my computer so I could use the wireless network in the hotel. This is a free service to customers with computers. For 8 hours I worked with the people providing bridge service via a 1-800 number. Most of the time was spent waiting on them to get back to me. Finally, they had me change out the equipment at the desk, and that solved the problem. They guy behind the desk said &quot;you should have just brought it back right away.&quot; That wasn't helpful or fair, since one of the people at the desk told me to make the calls to the support company. 10. VENDING. THERE ISN’T ANY VENDING. I went to floors 5, 7, 9, 11, 14, 16, and 18. Those are the floors with soft drink machines. Not one of the machines worked (see pics). This was reported to management on the first day I was there, and it was that way when I left. On the last day, I bumped into one of the bell hops in the elevator, and even he knew there were no soft drinks to be had from the vending machines. The hotel manager whined that he could only advise the restaurant that the machines needed to be filled. But why should the restaurant fill the machines that charge $1.25 for a soft drink, when they sell the same soft drink from a refrigerator in the restaurant for $2.00, plus never having to work to keep the machines filled? The boutique/store in the hotel is forbidden to sell soft drinks.11. HOUSEKEEPING. HOUSEKEEPING IS GREAT. The housekeeping staff did a marvelous job. They were very friendly and courteous and the room always looked great.Out of 5 stars (5 being the highest), this one gets a 1. The housekeeping staff kept it from getting a zero. It could have been amazing, but it wasn’t even mediocre.	
Nov 21 2005 	Great location. Very nice Hotel	After reading some review about this hotel. I was can of weary of staying there. But this was the best location to be for a stay in NY city. You could basically walk to everything, or you were within two blk of the subway, which could taking you anyware you wanted. The Hotel was great . Nice lobby, great bar and the people were very nice from the desk to the cleaning ladies. The rooms were average. Nothing too fancy. Bathroom was kinda small. But that was okay.If you have a family with you this place rocks, because its the only Hotel that has a swimming on the roof for the guest.. I would definitly recommend this hotel to anybody. And I would go back.	
Nov 19 2005	Better than expected	A friend and I spent the night of November 17th and we were pleasantly surprised. The 2 double bedded room was enormous by New York standards. We had a room on the 16th floor with an ok view of other buildings and roof tops. Shower had great pressure and plenty of towels. No special amenities so bring all your own toiletries. As a female, I always comment on the bath lighting for makeup application. Forget it here. However, our room (1622) had so much light from the windows and there was a large desk that I used and it was fine. The location is good for all attractions. Felt very safe as well. Anthony at the front desk said all the rooms in Tower B were renovated and from 8 and up in Tower A. We paid about $284.00 including taxes and got that rate by calling the 800 number. It was less than on their website. Enjoy New York!	
Nov 19 2005	good location and value but	Would stay again but would advise missing breakfast as staff to a man did not appear to understand the language of English speakers.Much better to obtain breakfast elsewhere or in the room.	
Nov 16 2005	Average- No Problems	I'm a little late with this review. My husband, sister and myself stayed for one night in July. It was a last minute trip. We usually stay in Time Square, however, this was the only hotel we could find for a reasonable price. Friday night, double bed was around $180 (tax included). The room was average size and clean. Staff was polite. We had a few questions about sightseeing and the lady at the front desk was very helpful. I'm not sure if I would stay here again, but only because I like being in the heart of Time Square. If I were on a budget and couldn't find anything else- I'd stay here.	
Nov 2 2005	Avoid at All Costs	We stayed at the holiday inn on Saturday, October 22nd. After checking in at 9pm and settling in the room we discovered there was no heat in the room. We called down to the front desk and they said there was no heat in the entire hotel!! The staff was rude, inconsiderate of the fact that we were freezing and accused us of checking in to the hotel after being told that there was no heat. We didn't sleep but a few hours that night because of the cold. The room service was horrendous. The staff, managers, etc. were beyond rude, and totally unprofessional. The room was small, cramped, smelled of smoke, and dingy. Stay somewhere else!! We were charged the full $300/night for the room and are fighting to get a partial refund of the rate....	
Oct 21 2005	Perfect Location!	My now fiancee and I stayed there at the end of August 2005 and we really enjoyed it. It's in a great location where we could walk to Times Square and even to the bus terminal. When we told my fiancees family who live in Brooklyn where we were staying, they were very impressed that it's in a nice area of Manhattan. Everything is within walking distance and our first day there we walked around Central Park which is only 2 blocks away. It's like an oasis in the city. The rooms were very clean and tidy and the housekeeping did a great job. We stayed for 4 nights and have no complaints. The only thing I would prefer is more lighting in the shower area but that's just a personal preference. The water pressure was great. I recommend this to anyone looking for an affordable place to stay in a great location and I will definitely stay there again next time we're in NYC.	
Oct 21 2005	average Holiday Inn	Stayed at the Holiday Inn on 57th for 4 nights. We liked the location as it was close to central park and places to eat. We did not experience difficulties checking in. The room was large (for New York) and clean. The coffee provided was not to our taste. The nearest subway is at Columbus circle only a few minutes walk. The information desk is useful and staff were helpful. In general a good budget hotel in an ok area. Do not expect luxury remember this is in New York. We have stayed else where in New York and so far this hotel is the best for the price. A good base to explore from.	
Oct 18 2005	Good Valu for Money in an expensive City	Second stay in New York though first at Holiday Inn. For £100 a night you do not get a lot in NYC but though the hotel rooms are a bit tired the facilities were clean and the accomodation average in size. We were on the back of the hotel which was a lot quieter than the hotel we were in last year so that was a bonus though we did hear more noise in the corridors as there are large gaps under the doors!!! The location was good being near enough to Central Park and 5th Avenue to walk to and also to the Intrepid Museum which we enjoyed. It seemed a safe area at night as we walked to restaurants in the evening of which there are many recommended by the hotel. If this part of town suits what you want to do then good value but do not expect posh!!	
Oct 14 2005	Quiet amd convenient	Good, quiet location and very convenient. It's a bit removed from the hustle and bustle of the Times Sqaure area, but we enjoyed that! Great restaurants w/in walking distance! The room was spacious - there were 3 of us and needed a rollaway bed and we didn't feel at all crowded. It was also very clean.Concierge was friendly and articulate, and we looked forward to chatting with him during our 4-day stay.I'd definitely stay there again. Next time we'll follow a recommendation to take the carriage ride through Central Park. We ran out of time and dry weather!	
Oct 9 2005	A honeymoon ruined!	We were on a tight enough budget for our honeymoon, however we did pay $2,230.00 for flight and accomodation for a 12 night stay in New York from Ireland. In the brochure the hotel was given a four star marking. The hotel were notified that we were a honeymoon couple and yet we were given a twin room. The room smelt awful and it took us several days to air it out as the window would only open so far. The decor was 80's roadside motel and the wallpaper was coming off the walls in the bathroom. There was a tired wicker basket containing the complementary soaps and facecloth that were always covered in a layer of dirt. There was absolutely no soundproofing so we were often woken by people leaving for early flights or the arguing couple next door. I had been recommended this hotel for its rooftop pool but we were never advised that it only opens between June and September and from what we could overhear in the elevator we were not the only ones to be disheartened by this. The staff were rude and had no customer service training evidently and looked bored having to help you out. We spent most of our time walking around the city exhausting ourselves so we wouldn't have to face going back there too early. It is a well situated hotel, and I'm sure it will make a good story to tell our kids about our terrible honeymoon, but at the moment I can't see anything much to laugh about!	
Oct 2 2005	good base SOME nice staff!!	Great hotel, Stayed back in march. HAd a great time here and found the hotel was a good base within easy reach of everything. Some staff were great and very helpful, especially the slovenian barmaid, she was lovely and the lady behind the trips and excursions desk. the rest of the staff made you feel a little like you were putting them out!!!! especially the porters/bellboy. and the restaurant staff were damn right rude on the only occaision we ate there. the rooms were standard for a holiday inn anywhere in the world, down sides were the coffee tasted like petrol and although this is good for future travellers, the hotel was being spruced up but unfortunately they were doing this as we were leaving and couldn't get our cases down the hall!!My main tip is to go across the street to the restuarant on the corner opposite, the staff are friendly, helpful, attentive and the food is amazing... but why potatoes for breakfast... must be an american thing!!!would recommend as a good base for the budget traveller.	
Sep 29 2005	Can't beat the location room was good service OK	Nothing fancy, this is your average Holiday Inn. The location is fantastic, plenty of dining options nearby, food stores, drug stores, cleaners, everything you would need while staying in NYC, 2 blocks from major subway station (Columbus Circle), Time Warner center, and the great Whole foods market, which was also a great and cheap way to eat. Walking distance to 5th Ave shopping, 2 blocks from Central Park (South West) and safe area to walk during late night out.When we arrived, service was prompt and courteous, there was an issue with the rate I got from Holiday-inn but it was corrected immediately, we even checked inn earlier than supposed to, and the room was ready.Room was nice and clean, bathroom had been renewed, I would say around 6 months ago. It was very spacious, we got a double room, and it is by far bigger than the NYC standard size room. We got a great rate for the dates, and it was the “Best Breaks” promotion from holiday inn, basically you would get $10 off per person on your breakfast ($20 if 2 people). We used it every day of our 6 day stay, the food was great and plenty of it, we paid in average $5 per day (tip included), ordering omelets and coffee, OJ some days, I would bet anyone, that this is the cheapest in Manhattan, and let me reiterate it was GREAT!!!Loved the city, and would definitely stay here again, totally recommended. Don’t believe everything you read about this hotel, try it for yourself.	
Sep 25 2005	Great Service at Holiday Inn Midtown	I spent 2 nights in the Holiday Inn Midtown in Sep 2005. The service and support by the frontdesk was great. Congratulations.The room was huge (2 double-beds) even though I was travelling on my own. My room was on the 15th floor and to my very positve surprise, taking a shouer was a pleasure (hot water from the very moment the tab is switched on - even 5* hotels have troubles about this).Location is great. Don´t miss to walk to Columbus square at night.Two things to improve: the lifts are to slow and the aircon needs some cleaning and efficiency -enhancement.Definitely recommend this hotel.	
Sep 25 2005	real nice hotel !!! great location	really nice hotelon a great locationroof top swimming pool was greatwe had lunch in the bar that was really nicea big room bigscreen with tv and a nice view on the streetnear the Park and also Times Square	
Sep 19 2005 	Good hotel in New York	Just returned after 3 nights on business staying in Holiday Inn, west 57th St.The hotel is pretty handy for the west side of town, only 15 minute walk to Times Square and handy if you are on business and are heading for the Javits centre.The rooms were huge, my room was 1418, it was well maintained although a little tired, great air conditioning and plenty of work space.The only bad point is the lifts, they cannot keep up with demand and I queued for over 30 minutes to get a lift to the lobby.Bar is small but adequate, there is VERY little seating in the front lobby.Good price and location in an expensive city, would use it again.	
Sep 18 2005	Ok for the price but nothing special about the place	We requested a room in the renovated A tower, and we got one there (eventhough we did not have a membership card, which I read was a requirement accoring to earlier reviews of this hotel)The room was what I had expected, can´t find anything to complain about. We paid 195 USD for a room for four people.We where served at the lobby by three staffmembers, two where really nice and helpful, one even searched the internet and called to find us the nearest Ihop restaurant. One was however really rude, and I would have fired her if I would have been in charge (she had no service mentality what so ever)One major complaint is however the elevators, they where really slow, and far to fue to care for such a big hotel. We stayed on the 16:th floor, which was a good thing, the elevator would be empty when it arrived, but we would stop at almost every floor going down. This happened every morning.The hotel is two blocks from Columbus circle subway station.	
Sep 11 2005	Good value; Good pool; Rooms ok; Good location	We stayed at the Holiday Inn Midtown for three nights in September 2005 - 2 adults and 2 children aged 16 and 12. Plenty of space in the rooms which were clean and standard Holiday Inn style. Wall paper came away a bit in the bathroom but apart from that - good all round. We were in the South Tower which was excellent for access to the pool. In the middle of summer, its worth staying here to get the pool which has great views of nearby skyscrapers. Very few NYC hotels have pools. Pool was clean and warm and nice sun terrace. Only criticism was that it was only open from 10-6 and could have been open much longer.We paid around 160 dollars a night on an internet advance purchase which was excellent value for the location, facilities and in comparison to other hotels that could have accomodated four of us in a room. Staff were helpful and we were able to check out at 2pm rather than the 11am usual. Location is good - couple of blocks to the metro and to central park. Lots of restaurants nearby and good access for the excellent CNN tour at Time Warner building.We would return.	
Sep 6 2005	An Excellent Room and Value	We spent two nights at the Holiday Inn at the end of August, 2005. Our room was large, spotless, and a great value at $156 a night (AAA rate, Monday and Tuesday nights.) True, it is a Holiday Inn (thin towels and plastic glasses) but I've stayed in worse places for more money in New York.Some guesses as to why our room was so good: I registered through the Holiday Inn website, not a travel site. Same price, but you can cancel and I bet you get a better room. I used my Priority Club number. Before choosing it I read the other reviews, which made me nervous, and I was going to ask for a particular tower, but forgot which one. We wound up in Tower A, which I guess was the right choice. A friend of ours who lives in Queens visited, and said her friend stays at this hotel all the time. We'll return, assuming the price stays good.Other plusses - just a block and a half to the A train, some good restaurants nearby (including a cheap place for breakfast.) The prices on the room service menu seemed very reasonable, but we didn't try it. I recommend this hotel highly.	
Sep 2 2005	warning...	Although I reserved (with a credit card) a double room ($219 a night) weeks in advance, I got there and was told it was not available &amp; they switched me to a single, without even reducing the rate. It took 1 1/2 hours to get a hamburger via room service. Conditions were filthy, e.g., remote &amp; phone were layered with scum &amp; toilet was clogged. Worst, I'd get back at 3 or 4 in the afternoon wanting a shower &amp; short nap before the evening's activites, and housekeeping had never touched my room, even though by the second day they agreed to clean the room if I called when I left. Management couldn't have cared less. Their parent company (ichotels) won't even respond to my email complaint to them.I didn't expect much for my money in NYC, but this was a real burn.	
Aug 20 2005	great deal	Ny husband and I, along with our sixteen-yer-old daughter just returned from a two night stay at the Holiday Inn Midtown. We travel to New York frequently, but this was our first stay at a Holiday Inn. The hotel is very reasonably priced with no frills. Our room was clean with maid service daily. The staff was polite and helpful and the parking was cheap for NYC ($18.00 a day!). The rooms are big with two comfortable double beds, a desk and a chair. It's not romantic,but it's everything you need if you are out all day sightseeing and viewing shows at night. We will book there again. It's all you really need.	
Aug 19 2005	Adequate hotel with unfriendly staff	We stayed here for 3 nights in July 2005. Arrived at the hotel about 2am in the morning after an absolute nightmare trip from the airport aboard a &quot;supershuttle&quot; blue minivan service that we had pre-booked (not recommended). Upon arrival we went to check in and there was not one ounce of friendliness about any of the staff. Not even an &quot;hello&quot; or anything. Just &quot;What's your name...&quot; very regimented. Coming from Australia which prides itself on customer service I thought New York would be even better but have to say I was bitterly disappointed!The hotel itself was pleasant enough. Bed was comfortable and air conditioning worked well. I think we were in the newly renovated block which helps. The bathroom was average, it took a while to work out the shower but it was enough to get yourself washed.All in all the Holiday Inn was Ok. The staff need a good kick up the bum to provide a more friendly service - they almost treat you as though they are doing you a favour by being there!! but unfortunately I found that to be the case wherever I went in New York. The location isn't fantastic but well within walking distance of Times Square.	
Aug 17 2005	Never Again	I stayed here for 2 nights and my god that was too long!Unfortunately at the same time a load of teenagers were staying too - presumably on a school trip.What follow was having to listen to them in the hall ways.Another great delight was the ice bucket machine which was opposite my room and the door wasn't closable to the room - again lots of nice noise.The room was huge but not fantastic. The bathroom was grotty and looked like it needed a good clean down.I barely saw any staff around to be honest and when I had to go down the receiption to get my suitcase they didn't seem bothered that I took it myself upstairs even though portage was included! Went down for breakfast and they weren't organised at all, the food looked manky and cold and the hosts didn't speak English. I walked out and headed for Starbucks which is close by.If you don't care about class and want to stay in a cheap place then this is ideal - not bad location that's all I'll say but as my first trip and hotel stay in New York it didn't make me want to go back any time soon.	
Aug 13 2005	Too many errors	On our trip in August 2005 we received the wrong room, had to return twice to lobby to get correct room. Small and slow elevators. Then when checking out we were over charged on our room and had to talk to manager to get it resolved. They blamed it all on the computer system. Rooms could have been cleaner. Food was good and staff in restuarant were very nice. Would not choose this hotel again	
Aug 7 2005	Great Location	Good Points: Location was Great, Front desk staff were nice and friendly, room was small but clean, the elevator was small as I read in other reviews but we never had to wait more than 3 minutes, the buffet breakfast was good.Bad Points: Restaurant staff was rude to visitors that did not speak English, (I couln't help but overhear this a few times), The prepaid breakfast coupon for $20 did not cover breakfast on the days there was no buffet (we had to add $8 and $28 plus tip and this is too much to much to pay), and in the bathroom - the side of the toilet seat was 3 inches away from the wall and the toilet paper holder jammed into your knee! Who would have designed this?, and last but not least - The cleaning staff do not understand the meaning of &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot;. This became quite annoying! Overall: I would definitely stay here again, especially after my husband and I spoke with other vacationers while touring the city. They told us their hotel horror stories and we were shocked to say the least. I did my homework before my husband and I went on our Honeymoon and it paid off! I'm glad I chose this Holiday Inn.	
Aug 6 2005	fantastic	I was visiting new York for the first time and i decided to go for the holiday inn because it was the cheaper option. I went to this hotel exspecting not much just an average hotel, although i was wrong to think this because when i got into the hotel it was terrific!!. The lobby was very cleen the staff were helpfull and polite, there was an information site at the hotel desk were you can find information were to go in New york. e best thing about this hotel were the views from the hotel window in my room it was a great view of mid-town manhaten. The room were excellent very clean. The location is in mid-town manhatten a couple of blocks away from central park 10 min wark away from times square. Theirs a bus stop right out side the hotel and a undergroung station ablock away. I would say this hotel was excellent cheap and quality.	
Aug 4 2005	Is a pool worth a permanently stained and smelly bathroom?	I just returned from a trip to New York and stayed in the worse hotel yet. I felt like I was traveling back in time. Everything was from the 1970's (including the shower curtains). Really, how much would it cost to replace the shower curtains once in a while. I know that this is a reasonably priced hotel but I expect things to be clean and they were not. The tub was permanently stained and the bathroom in general had quite an odor! The only saving grace was the pool and the beds were decent. Is a pool worth a really bad bathroom?	
Aug 3 2005	Great Value	We definitely plan on staying here again soon. The hotel is newly renovated, clean and within walking distance to Central Park, Lincoln Center and Roosevelt Hospital (which is why we are here). It also features a pool on the roof top, restaurant, all in all, a much better than average Holiday Inn. New York City hotels are so expensive, but you will not be disappointed in this one.	
Jul 29 2005	Disabled friendly; close to Time-Warner 	Both of the moderately priced hotels near Lincoln Center in which I used to stay are now closed, and I booked a very good rate ($141, non-refundable) directly with the hotel last January. Last March I broke my hip, and although my doctor cleared me to travel June 1st, I was still quite disabled. Called the hotel and asked for a shower chair and grab bars in the bathroom. Although they did not have any &quot;ramp&quot; (wheelchair, which I did not need) rooms available, they upgraded me to a disabled room at no extra charge (King bed, not needed, but larger room). Although there was no shower chair, there were sufficient grab bars that I felt safe taking a shower, although beware marble floors.Holiday Inn is a moderately priced chain, and I did not expect anything special from the room, but it was larger than I expected (also not needed, but nice). There are ramps in the lobby, and to the bar. I am a Priority Club member so did not need to wait to check in. The bellmen were very nice about getting me cabs and one even suggested taking a private car to the airport (not a limo) because the trip had been very tiring for me and he thought it would be easier, which it was, and only about $15 more.Although the building is old, and not as pristine as a pricier hotel, it certainly was adequate. The hotel bills itself as being at 8th Avenue, but it is actually mid-block between 9th and 10th, which puts it close to a microneighborhood I would not venture out in alone at night, but when my disability heals, I would feel reasonably safe walking back from Lincoln Center down 8th and over 57th. I had thought to use the pool, which I enjoy for relaxation after sightseeing, but did not as I had never seen it and was afraid I might fall.The housekeeping staff was very understanding about my keeping my &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign on all the time as I kept having to come back to the hotel during the day to rest. There was a somewhat depressing view from my room of buildings across 56th Street, and it took me a while to figure out how to operate the drapes and air conditioner. I never did figure out how to operate the television; certain channels worked at certain times of day and not at others, and I never did figure out how to operate the alarm clock but travel with my own. There is in-room coffee but I had brought my own.There is a pleasant bar, with pleasant staff, to have a drink after a performance, and although normally I would not eat in a hotel restaurant, because of my disability I did once this time and the food and service were acceptable and pleasant.There were some noisy events held during my 4 day stay, which affected the bar and restaurant area, but were not audible in my 5th floor room. The hallways are a little run down, but for the price I paid I think it was good value. I am planning another visit to New York in March 2006 and will definitely stay in this hotel again.	
Jul 29 2005	Location and Value	The Hotel was the standard Holiday Inn. clean, good size room andstandard features for a comfortable stay. There was enough room for a family of five in a room with two double beds and a roll away. Wearrived early 10:30 am expecting to check our bags and return laterto get our room. We were surprised when the clerk verified our reservation and put us in a room right away, even though check-in wasn't until late afternoon. There is a pool, a bar, a summer cafe near the pool, a gift shop, room service, restuarant, valet parking, bag/bell service and tourist info all for under $200 a night which is a bargin in NYC.The location is away from times square, but only about 5 minutes toBroadway and another 10 minutes or so to get down to the square. Itis not a plush Hotel, but it is perfect for a family looking for a comfortablestay at a reasonable price.	
Jul 21 2005	Manhattan's Best Kept Secret!	I used to live in NYC and got asked all the time, &quot;Where's a nice place to stay, but cheap?&quot;. I didn't have an answer for them until now. I'd recommend the Holiday Inn to anyone. Sure, it's basic, but it's clean and the roof top pool is a fantastic bonus! Great location too.	
Jul 18 2005	worst front desk in the world	paid upfront in february for 2 rooms (too many kids for one room) in july.2 hours to check in, to be given 2 rooms 5 floors apart.30 min wait to access safe deposit box in reception.cheap but not cheerful	
Jul 14 2005	Good location	Great location. A few blocks from the subway station and 5 blocks from Times Square. Clean and good size room.	
Jul 7 2005	Rude Staff not kid friendly	We took a group of 63 to NY and stayed here for 7 nights. The carpet and walls were dirty and the hotel was generally run down. Good location but rude staff. Cannot eat or drink in the lobby chairs. Rooms were a nice size and price was reasonable. We booked in December and they had us on 5 different floors scattered throughout for our trip at the end of June. I wouldn't book here again unless it was quite a bit cheaper than everywhere else.	
Jun 23 2005	Solid value with good location	The Holiday Inn on West 57th was a pleasant surprise. I was a little worried after reading some of the reviews. Our room was quiet, clean and large with two double beds and plenty of room for a rollaway bed. Even though the hotel was sold out, we never saw anyone else on our floor or heard them. The rooftop pool was nice, but the hours are limited to between 10:00-6:00, but our kids got to enjoy it three times. The location is good in a fairly quiet neighborhood, one block from the CBS Broadcast Center. While walking down the street one morning, we were invited in to see Ringo Starr perform!!! Lots of good neighborhood restaurants nearby. Try Cafe 66, the Moonrock Cafe and Broadway Diner. About a 20 minute walk to Times Square, 25 minutes to Macy's, Empire State Building. Three blocks from beautiful Central Park and the new Time Warner Center. All in all, a solid deal for approximately $200 a night (a bargain in NYC).	
Jun 14 2005 	Convention location is good	Stayed here cause the conference I attended put me here. Nice quiet street but the hotel is undergoing a badly needed renovation. No automatic doors for handicapped and the doormen were not helpful. Room was standard, clean and fairly quiet. Wouldn't be my first choice when I return to NYC but the group rate was ok.	
Jun 3 2005	A good hotel near Central Park	We had no complaints about the room, which was clean and tidy, but the restaurant was a disappointment. We like to use the hotel's buffet for breakfast rather than waste time looking for somewhere outside. This is the only hotel we have come across in the USA which has no breakfast buffet. It is waiter service only, and very expensive. But the service is no great shakes; an order for cereal produced a tiny Kellogs box and a bowl, for instance, no more service than you'd get with any buffet breakfast. For fast food at any time of the day we thoroughly recommend the huge selection at the food court in the Time Warner Building on Columbus Circle, a few minutes walk away from the Holiday Inn.	
May 23 2005	Great for the price. Excellent staff!	We stayed here from May 16th-20th. The city was virtually sold out and we got our room for 159 a night for 3 nights and 169 for the last night. We had requested a king nonsmoking room in the renovated tower with a rollaway for 2 of the nights. Tall request and they accomodated us with no problems whatsoever. The elevators were small but that was no big deal. The room was very large by NYC standards and very clean. The lobby is huge with a decent bar that also serves some food, and two computers with pay internet useage, which I found helpful b/c I needed to check my email.Every request we made of the front desk staff, cleaning staff, and valets was accomodated with a smile. They had several tour groups in the hotel and the hotel worked with them as well. Our room was pretty close to the elevator and we still weren't bothered by them.The hotel is in a great location- several subway stops within a few blocks. We ate breakfast at Morning Star 3 times and it was great food and service at a good price. 9th street closeby (short walking distance) had a ton of really restaurants and Kennedys pub on 57th was a great Irish pub/restaurant as well.All in all, this hotel was a great value for NYC. It is a typical chain hotel, decoration was average but that didnt bother me. My reqirements for a hotel on this trip were: decent price, good location, safe, and clean. The Holiday Inn Midtown met all my requirements.	
May 17 2005	Loved it	The pool was definitley a plus. It isn't luxury but its decent if you're only going for the actual city. One of the major perks of this place is that we were less than a block away from Morning Star restaurant. We've visited NYC before and made a note to eat there again. Their food is awesome, the service is quick &amp; efficient, and the staff is great (helpful too, ask for directions!).You're not too far from the subway either, and buses run by often.	
May 8 2005	Clean Room Great Location but problems....	Just spent seven nights at the Midtown Holiday Inn on 57th Street. Gave 25,000 points per night of Priority Club points to stay there. That was a lot of points, as you can get Crown Plaza rooms for the same amount, so I was expecting a lot. The rooms were big and the housekeeping staff were great and did a nice job cleaning the rooms. The location of the hotel is great in terms of midtown activities. Those are the positives.The week before we stayed there the temp was 87 degrees one day to the hotel decided to turn off the room heating system. The night we got there the temp out was 40 degrees and the room was cold. We tried to use the room heater and it didn't work. The next morning I complained to the manager and he informed me that once they turn off the heating system and turn on the air conditioning system, the don't reverse it due to the efforts it takes to make the change. They offered us extra blankets and we were cold most nights. One night we ran two hair dryers, the iron, and the shower as hot as it would go to warm up the room but it blew out a breaker switch and our floor lost power for about a half hour. The elevators are really slow and small, so make sure you are not on floors 3-8 because when they are coming down from the upper floors they are usually full and you have to wait to finally squeeze onto one.Places to eat and drink. Do &quot;Ralph's&quot; over on the southwest corner of 56th and 9th avenue. A great italian resturant. Great house wines and great food. Also, there is &quot;Jake's&quot; bar and grill on the northwest corner of 57th and 10th avenue, just down the street. A great place to go for a late night drink. CBS folks hang out there from across the street. Met some interesting folks from 60 Minutes in there one night. Also, the MorningStar Cafe on the northwest corner of 57th and 9th avenue is a really cheap place to eat breakfast or get a burger late at night. Pretty good food for quick and cheap in NYC.	
May 3 2005	Great Location...	The location was great, staff not that friendly.....the hallways stunk of stale cigarettes...not sure why as there was meant to be non smoking...but if you are just looking for somewhere to stay that is a central location then I would recommend this place...maybe it is a bit old and needs a bit of an update...the airconditioners are constantly going in the rooms - probably so you don't notice the smell...	
Apr 29 2005	OK but customer service is nonexistent	For the budget traveler this hotel is great. I did get upset at one point when the cleaning staff didn't even bother to clean the room. They actually had the nerve to take off the &quot;please clean room&quot; sign and throw it in the room and put up the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign!! We had left late that day and obviously a lazy person didn't want to clean the room. The staff is not friendly and act like they are doing you a favor. And this is not just the new york attitude coming through, they just don't have any customer service whatsoever. The positive were however are that the room service is quick, priced right and decent. The rooms are clean and very large by ny standards, ours overlooked the street and building, nice. And you can't beat the price for NY. We don't spend much time in the hotels normally so at $140 night for ny it was a steal. Next time I go I would probably stay elsewhere if I could find something for $200 night. Overall I would reccomend it for someone who doesn't care much about where they are staying and just want a clean place to sleep and shower.	
Apr 28 2005	Holiday Midtown Great Place to Stay	Our group, 28 Boy Scouts and leaders, stayed at the Midtown for 5 days. What a great experience. The staff was friendly and courteous and went out of their way to assist us when needed. The lobby is very spacious and made a great out of the way place for us to gather before we took off touring the city. The rooms are also spacious and nicely maintained. One morning, my wife and I forgot to bring in the Do Not Disturb hanger. When we returned at 4pm for a short time, we brought the hanger in. It was not with the intention of housekeeping taking care of the room. When we returned later that night the room had been cleaned with new towels etc. How many hotels/motels have done this for you?We had two buffet breakfasts at the Midtown also. Well done!The only possible downside is the number of rooms on 18 floors vs. the 3 elevators (small cars). Pre-planning to leave the hotel works best in the morning or use the stairs (unfortunately, the stairs cannot be used to go up - odd, huh).We recommend it.	
Feb 28 2005	clean and nice experience!!	after reading all the critics for ny hotels we were in a mess!!We went for it and it was all that we were expecting!!!A clean bed and a nice bedroom,no noises and good shower,what else can you ask if it is well located and good price!!Highly recomended.	
Feb 9 2005	fantastic first visit to new york city	Before our trip to nyc we were led to believe that our choice of hotel was not the best, and were slightly worried on reading comments through this website. However, on arrival we were greeted by very friendly and helpful staff. The hotel was very clean and tidy as was the room with everything that we could possibly need from iron/ironing board to coffee maker. We enjoyed our stay here and would stay again, and shall certainly recommend this hotel to others. Location great, short walk to times square. 	
Feb 4 2005	A very nice stay	As I am an avid NYC visitor - it's always hard to determine whether or not I am a good judge of the NYC hotel experience. In my many years of staying overnight in NYC - this has been by far the best! This hotel was clean, modern and very obliging. As I was attending the NYC film festival - this was a very convenient hotel to the Lincoln Center and the walk was very refreshing. The staff was welcoming and very kind to hold our bags while we shopped and stayed in the city well after check out time. The bar was lovely to have a cocktail in as well.	
Feb 1 2005	Variable hotel good value for NY	If you like a gamble, stay here. Sometimes you'll get a room which is pretty worn and tired; other times you'll get a nice big refurbished room on an upper floor with a king bed and a view. It might be coincidence, but since I finally gave in and signed up for their Priority Club (they won't give you miles on your airline card), I see more of the latter. What this place has going for it is the right balance between value and location. On West 57th St, it's close to Broadway from where you can stroll down to Times Square in about 15-20 minutes. Go the other way and you'll be at Central Park in about 10 minutes. To get that for internet prices of around $140 for a room in NY is pretty good. You also get access to an impressive basement gym at no extra charge, though it's probably best to eat and drink out (no shortage of choice) to avoid hotel prices. Only three stars because it's not outstanding in any way; it's just a good base at a reasonable price.	
Jan 27 2005	For $130 midweek a great deal. Of course nothing fancy!	For the price, above average. We had some very specific needs 1) high speed internet access (we don't have a dialup account anymore) 2) clean 3) centrally located, with a short walk to a safe subway station 4) Under $150 a nightHoliday Inn fufilled all of these critieria. With Hilton, Marriot, Renaisance and Hyatt all coming in at $220+ for a mid week rate, the $130 rate was exactly what we were looking for.ProsLARGE rooms. Clean. Convenient. Bathroom was very recently completely renovated. Some of these new &quot;boutique&quot; hotels in New York which have opened recently have tiny, tiny rooms. Several small grocery stores and a breakfast place one block away, which is very convenient.ConsI had to ask for a room change, which they did with no hassle, because even though non-smoking room, some previous person had clearly smoked. Wall paper in room peeling a bit. Rug and upholstered chair very tired. Staff has a bit of a New York attitude but I grew up in San Francisco so am used to big city perfunctory service. As long as they are efficient and have a reasonable attitude, thats enough.Good value for money, in summary.	
Jan 25 2005	Great place to stay	My daughter and I were pleasantly surprised at the size of the room on the 7th floor in A block. Lots of space and very clean. Staff were great - allowed us to check in early and check out late. Tourist info was very helpful. The Morning Star Restaurant across the road great for breakfast. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jan 22 2005	We escaped to this Hotel	We stayed at this hotel December 30 2004 to January 2. We first stayed at the Park Savoy Hotel on 58th street but we fled from there as soon as we could. The Park Savoy was dirty, small and dangerous (no fire escapes). We had stayed at the Holiday Inn on 57th before and they were able to get us a room on short notice during this busy period. This is a good hotel, not great. The rooms are big, for New York city standards. We had a real bath in our bathroom, not just a shower. Everything is clean and the staff is helpful. If you like the walk you can get to Time Square in 15 minutes. But you can also take the bus or subway.	
Jan 11 2005	Also dissapointed	We stayed at this hotel in Jan. 2005 for 3 nights and we were very dissapointed. We had read in advance that Tower A was recently rennovated but when we arrived, we verified that when we checked in and we were told that Tower B was the one that had been rennovated so we took a room there instead. If this room was rennovated, I would hate to see it beforehand. Also, the towels were practically as thin as papertowels and the pillows not much thicker. Worst of all, the housekeeping - on our first day we went to the Carnegie deli and put leftover sandwhiches in our ice bucket. We ended up not putting ice on them and as of our last morning, they were still in that bucket. Maybe the next guests will be hungry and will appreciate them?? A cup of tea remained on top of our tv for our entire stay as well. And speaking of cups, for this amount of money and this location, we expected them to be made of glass, at least the ones for tea/coffee but they were styrafoam and plastic instead. We won't stay here again. The only good thing was the location, but not worth the poor conditions.	
Jan 9 2005	OK stay at Holiday Inn New York City West 57th St.	Stayed over Christmas 2004 in Tower B. Had allegedly recently been refurbished but wallpaper was already peeling next to heater by the window.Room was nice and large and plenty of hot water and powerful shower. However, there were no glasses provided for the washbasin to clean teeth and we had to make do with plastic/polystyrene cup taken from the bedroom table provided for the coffee/ice bucket. At $160 or so a night what would it have cost them to provide a glass for rinsing out the mouth and cups and saucers for the coffee machine, for which incidentally only one coffee sachet was provided?Although we had a non-smoking room the cleaner cleaned the room whilst smoking so the smell was there.The staff are friendly and helpful other than when we asked them for a local New York phone number and they told us we had to dial Directory Enquiries from a local payphone at our own expense. However, when we asked for extra pillows they arrived within minutes.Unlike other reviews we never had any problems or delays with the lifts. If you are going back to JFK from the hotel, ask the bell boy or concierge to arrange a limo taxi for $55 not much more than a yellow cab but a lot more comfortable and safer.We would stay there again.	
Jan 6 2005	very disappointed	Stayed on 12/27/04, original reservation was for 2 nights but due to the condition of room 1122 in Tower A, checked out early. Our reservation requested non- smoking room, when we walked into the room, the air reeked of stale smoke. The bathroom smelled of sour towels , wallpaper in the room was FILTHY!! Furthermore carpet had lost its life about 5 years earlier, it was faded, dirty and smelled. When we asked the front desk to change rooms, the response was a smug, we have no other rooms available. We are filled to capacity. All this for 203.00 a night!! Will never stay here again.	
Jan 3 2005	New Years in Manhattan	Me and three friends stayed at the Holiday Inn 57th for New years 2005. The rooms were Holiday Inn rooms nothing special diffently not for the $250.00 a night we paid, But the staff was very nice and extremly helpful, (when tipped right) although the concierge was not very informative the bell and door men were. Would we stay there again probally so but not for the price we paid.	
Dec 26 2004	Decent Holiday Inn Fair Rate	Stayed at the Holiday Inn Midtown West 57th Street:12/16/04 - 12/20/04 (first 3 nights $190.00 rate and last night $160.00) - rooms on 5th floor and 6th floor.12/21/04 - 12/24/04 $160.00 / night - 10th floor.Big rooms! That is the most important point to remember for this hotel! Bathrooms - nice strong HOT water. Restaurant - okay - nothing special - only ate one meal at the hotel restaurant.Other folks have mentioned staff at the door - I thought the same - that they were going to open the door - but never did!	
Dec 10 2004	Good	Good clean hotel, situated a quick walk form Columbus Circle Metro station and Central Park. I expected not much but was pleasantly surprised by the rooms. Just make sure you ask for a renovated room. It is a hotel with like 700 rooms so do not expect to a personal reception and service from the personal working there, but the rooms will not dissappoint you. I would go there again.	
Dec 8 2004	Great value	I really can't believe some of the reviews on this hotel, I have just got back from NY after a five night stay at this fab hotel. We arrived late in the day, the receptionist was quick and nothing was too much trouble. I had emailed the hotel about 2 weeks before our stay and asked for a newly renovated room in A block, which we got. The staff were friendly especially Carl the consierge, he is a real credit to the hotel. We had breakfast in the hotel on our last morning and wished we had gone before, the waiters were quick, polite and again nothing was too much trouble. I have stayed in New York before at the Grand Hyatt on 42nd street, the hotel was grand indeed, but as far as comparing the rooms go for the holiday inn, they are much larger, cleaner and cheaper.On the whole if you are looking for a good quailty hotel, without paying th earth then the Holiday Inn is for you.	
Nov 25 2004	A Pleasant Surprise	On a cross-country trip, we decided to stop in NYC for a night and found a pretty good rate on hotels.com for the Holiday Inn. I had not expected a lot, but I was pleasantly surprised with what a nice hotel it was. The lobby was nice and has a terrific bar. We had some assistance with our baggage, which was nice. Without asking, we received a room with a great view.There is a great rooftop swimming pool, which I was eager to try out. It's really neat to enjoy the New York skyline while taking a dip in the pool. Our room was a nice size and was in good condition.My only criticism would be in the valet parking service. The staff was overwhelmed and quite rude in dealing with getting people's cars. I needed something from my car during my stay and got a bad attitude when I asked for it to be retrieved. I even offered to get it myself. But when the attendant brought me the wristwatch and sunglasses I had requested, he also gave me the digital camera I'd left in the car, thinking I might want that as well. That was a really nice touch of customer service when I least expected it.If I was going to New York again, I would not hesitate to stay here again. It's in a good location, a quick walk from Central Park.	
Nov 24 2004	Just Okay	We stayed here the week before Thanksgiving. I agree with some of the more recent reviews. The downside: The front desk staff was not nice - they seemed rushed and impersonal. THe exterior of the hotel was really shabby - it looks like something right out of the 1970's. I didn't even know they had a doorman! There always seemed to be employees standing around the lobby but no one ever bothered to help open doors or assist with luggage. We stayed on the 11th floor in tower A. The interior of the hotel is shabby. The carpets were old and the doors to the actual rooms were horrible. They stopped about 2-3 inches above the carpet so the light from the hallway comes into the room at night and you can hear people in the hallway like they are in the room. The also were steel/aluminum doors that look like the door to an elementary school - they were all dinged up and the bottom of all the doors on our floor looked like they had been kicked open by every vistor who ever stayed there. When we got to our room, the door looked so dirty and dingy that we were afraid to look in the room. The sink faucet never stayed on so when you turned on the water, it slowly got slower and slower until it stopped. Our room was very hot - we kept the windows open the whole time! We just couldn't seem to get the room cool enough.The upside: The room was alright - it was very large (we had a King-size bed). It was clean and the cleaning staff was really great. They were pleasant and nice, always said hello and left more than enough towels. We had no problem with the shower at all. The shower and toilet are separated from the sink so it was nice. Overall, there was nothing wrong with the room - it was just the impression we got from the appearance of the hallways, elevator and outside of the building that made it somehow seem dirty when it really wasn't. The location is great - close to subway (2 blocks), Central Park, 5th Avenue shopping. I recommend 9th avenue for eatting though. There are so many places to eat and great bars for watching sports.I would stay here again now that I know what to expect.	
Nov 23 2004	Nice hotel	We came to New York for four nights during the marathon-weekend and got a room on the 3.floor in the A-tower. I read a lot of negative reviews about hotels in New York and also about the Holiday Inn Midtown. But I was surprised: the room was spacious and very clean. We hadn´t much contact to the staff but if then they were very friendly. As another traveler wrote, sometimes the elevater is very slow. But this is not a big problem on the 3. floor. The location is great and close to the Central Park. As a traveler you get there all you need and I would return into this hotel.	
Nov 18 2004	Dowdy and Shabby	Really disappointed with this hotel. Whilst our room was generally clean and spacious the whole place, including corridors and public rooms, were 'shabby' and badly in need of refurbishment. Our shower nearly always seemed to run out of hot water in the evening and the hand basin never held water. A bit difficult when trying to shave. The curtains had come away from the curtain tracks. On the first night the whole room smelt strongly of disinfectant The reception staff were just not interested.The bar staff appeared to take no pride in their work. The glass topped tables were nearly always sticky and dirty, you certainly could not put anything down on them.	
Nov 17 2004	Another relieved traveller	Like the last couple of writers, I was very apprehensive about this hotel following negative reviews in the last few months but I have to say I was pleasantly surprised on arrival there last week.While the hotel is by no means fancy (which 3 * Holdiay Inn is?!), the rooms our party were allocated were large, comfortable and clean, which was all we wanted.We found the staff at the hotel to be efficient and amiable. On requesting additional pillows, these were delivered to our room within 10 minutes of phoning the reception desk on the night of our check-in. The negatives we experienced were that the lifts were very slow at certain times of the day, one morning the shower was cold and on the day of check-out the reception area was quite chaotic as there were insufficient staff to deal with the number of bags being retrieved from left luggage. My advice in respect of the latter would be to give yourself additional time to get your bags back - we didn't and ended up paying a waiting charge to our driver to the airport.All in all, we were quite satisfied with the hotel in terms of value, comfort and excellent location (very close to Central Park, subway station and within walking distance of Bloomingdales, other shopping).	
Nov 16 2004	Hotel should read comments	It was our first visit to NY and I recently stayed at the Holiday Inn W 57th, with my daughter. I am a Priority Club member but purchased my tickets through another entity. After coming in on a red eye, we stood in the Prioity Club check-in line. Before even being asked if we could be helped, we were asked if we were PC Members (there was no one else in the lobby.) I indicated I was and was hoping there was availability for an early check-in in the&quot;recently renovated tower.&quot; The Front Receptionist was very rude, however, she did remind us that we were indeed in New York City! The Receptionist then told us the renovated tower was only for Priority Club members, I reminded her that I was a Member and even offered to provide my number. She stated there were no rooms available at all and told us to return at 12:00 noon. We explored the area (great location, lots of small restaurants, Starbucks 1 block away), and came back at noon. We stood in the regular check-in line and a very nice Receptionst assisted us and gave us a room in the renovated tower without asking. The location is great for exploring the city, two blocks from the Metro, Columbus Circle, Central Park, Theater District, however, the hotel staff are not very helpful. When we first arrived, the Doorman watched us take our luggage from the taxi to the reception area, and did not even assist us with opening the door. This occurred throughout our stay, even with our hands full of shopping bags. It semed to be the people staying at the hotel who were the most helpful. The rooms were very comfortable, although the shower sometimes would not easily shut-off. The rooms were always clean and the beds made every morning after we left. We often would return late evening to the hotel and felt relatively safe walking in the area. There is a market 1 block up where we bought fruit and water. 2 blocks up are several restaurants (Chinese, Steak), which stayed open late. There was even a small clothing store next to Starbuck's where we bought gloves. Watch out for doorman when checking out. We were running late and asked for a taxi to be waiting. We were lead outside and then our luggage was placed in their Lincoln, which they then proceeed to tell us how much it was. Since we were short on time, we said ok. After our not-so nice check-in, we decided not to use the hotel other than for sleeping. We loved NYC and will return next year, however, we will not be staying at this hotel. This could really be a great hotel, if only someone would teach customer service to all the hotel staff.	
Nov 15 2004	Decent hotel for the money-no problems	We stayed at the Holiday Inn with a group tour in October. The rooms were fine-nothing fancy and clean. The hotel is probably a little older, but we had no problems at all. We asked for extra towels and we were told that they could not hand them to us at the desk, that they would send them up. Someone was at our door in less than 5 minutes. I would definitely stay at this hotel again if I was looking for a decent night's stay that is fairly close to the action without breaking my budget.	
Nov 9 2004	What a relief!!!	Phew!! I did as the person who reviewed the hotel before me did - emailed in advance of our check-in to request a room in Block A. We did this after reading some terrible reviews of the hotel. And we got what we asked for!!! Hotel room was excellent - 2 double beds, clean and comfortable! Carpets in the lobby seemed ok too! Bit noisy as we were fronting 57th street and other guests were inconsiderate and let their bedroom doors slam at all hours of the morning. Hotel employees were ok - I think the problem is that they are ALL speaking a second language (english) to them! Bar was quite expensive but hey, you're in a major city what do you expect! We paid $5.50 (£2.75 approx) for a bacardi and coke, but they were pretty strong. No problem with getting our bags to our room or anything at all. Bar snacks are LARGE portions, but cheap so be careful if you're not that hungry. All in all I'd definately go back to saty at this hotel if I visited NY again!!!	
Oct 30 2004	Relieved traveller	I must admit that after reading mixed reviews before our arrival I was a bit hesitant. I took note that the hotel was being refurbised and emailed the hotel ahead and asked for a newly refurbished room which I got. The rooms are spacious and because of the location of the hotel you are able to sleep of a night. It is just a shame that they forgot to give the bathroom ceiling a coat of paint. Take note that they have only refurbished part of tower A and this has now stopped for the time being due to them being busy(info from one of the managers).A couple of the reception staff did have an off day (but so does everyone) but on the whole they were very pleasant. I can confirm what has been said about the customer advisor, he was very pleasant and helpful and would give Liz Taylor a run for her money with that ring on his finger. Try Applejacks on Broadway for breakfast and the market on 8th Avenue on Saturday for craft shopping. If you want to pay your respects to some of the people who died at 9/11 go to the New York City Fire Museum in Tribeca, thus avoiding people selling Disaster magazines at Ground Zero. My husband and I went for our tenth wedding anniversary and after seeing where some of the other hotels that we had considered were situated, I was glad we chose the Holiday Inn	
Oct 28 2004 	Terrible hotel!	We stayed there 5 nights on 10 October, 2004. When I checked in the hotel, I asked the lady at the front desk if there are any privileges for Priority Club Platinum member, like complimentary room upgrade or complimentary continental breakfast. She replied in a very grumpy and unfriendly way, &quot;No, you get your points already, and you get more points than the others since you are platinum member&quot;. I found her very rude, and of course I didn't get any privileges from the hotel at all. What a service! Besides, there were a lot of the doormen standing at the front door when we arrived by taxi, none of us intend to help us to carry the luggages. When I was paying my taxi bill, my colleagues helped me to unload the luggages from the taxi trunk and put them on the ground behind the taxi, and one of doorman even pushed away my luggages as he was intending to help someone else (guest already checked out) to load a luggage into the taxi trunk. None of them even said a word to me or my colleague if we needed any assistance on our luggages. Probably they think Asian don't like to pay tips and they hardly make any complaints, that was why they were trying to ignore us!	
Oct 13 2004	Reception bar a ripoff!!!	We already had reservations for this hotel when we arrived but we were left waiting at the desk even though there was someone (counting a till) behind the desk, they never greeted us or said &quot;someone would be with us soon&quot; or called anyone. We had to wait for someone to come out from the back. We just went straight to bed because we were tired from the flight but we were woken at 3am with a loud ringing noise, at first we thought it was a fire alarm and ran out into the hall but there was nothing going on, so we rang down to receiption and they told us they would investigate this and that it probably was the lift alarm. Our room was very near the lifts. The ringing went on for another hour before it stopped, next day we complained and we were moved to another room. This room was fine. Reception in the hotel is very nice but carpets through out are very dingy, also we ordered a brandy and glass of water in the reception bar and we were charged $18! Ridiculous	
Sep 27 2004	Awful!	Please do not stay in this hotel. The Holiday Inn at Midtown may be cheap and in a good location but the rooms are terrible and the staff unhelpful. The first room that I was allocated was dirty and full of damp (so much so that the beds were wet!). When I complained I was informed that this was standard(!). The second room was not much better either. The white plastic curtains did not fit the window and the lamp shades were covered in burn marks.I certainly do not recommend this as a place to stay and I am sure that you can find a better deal for your money!	
Sep 8 2004	Not so cheap considering poor quality	New York was our last stop on a month long honeymoon/world trip. We booked the Holiday Inn as you generally know 'what you are getting' and NY Hotels are in general quite expensive. Having stayed in some luxury hotels around the world, we wanted budget we could 'trust' as we knew we wouldn't be in the hotel much with so many city sights to take in!....it was very disappointing and rather expensive compared to the quality we had found in Australian hotels!The desk were indifferent and abrupt towards us, tour desk guy was nice though and helpful. A very childishly grumpy man (who seemed to hate his job and everyone he encountered) took in our luggage on the last day we checked out, as our flight back to UK was late afternoon. After letting me stand for some time with the bags and 'fiddling around' ignoring me, he practically demanded a tip there and then - despite having being rude and unfriendly. I had spoken to him and he completely ignored me, only grudgingly answering the same question from my husband! We said we would tip when we collected bags as we genuinely had no cash - he wasn't happy! Thankfully someone else (who we did tip!) was on when we returned to get bags! I don't care how much these people 'rely' on customer tips in the US, there is a limit in my book - and this was it!....he was downright arrogant and nasty and nothing on earth would have forced me to hand over money for the so-called 'service' he provided! The room was shabby and had badly stained ceiling, bedding clean, but threadbare in places, we seemed to be on shampoo rations as these were not replaced, bathroom dark and tiny. Poorer than expected. Not the best Holiday Inn and I wish we had spent more on somewhere else now! Overall I think the staff annoyed me more than the shabby room, which is a shame! Location in fairness was spot on and easy enough to walk to times square, or central park etc..	
Aug 19 2004	Room was infested with BED BUGS	Our room was infested with beds bugs and my fiance and I received over 80 bites after just being in the bed for 4 hours. This hotel has no pest control measures in place and I caution anyone that plans to stay at this hotel.	
Aug 18 2004	Great Room Nice Design Interesting Staff	This is a great bargain. I've stayed at the Pierre and the Waldorf for work, and seriously, the room in the Holiday Inn was larger and more pleasant. The lobby has been redone lately and is very chic. If you can make a summer month, there's a nice roof top pool where Manhattanites can &quot;hang&quot; for a fee. One of the managers is a very dapper fellow with double breasted suit, two tone shoes, and curly white moustache. He clearly revels in the role of Manhattan hotelier. Look him up and listen to a most pleasing NYC accent. Times Square, the Park, Columbus Circle, tons of stuff is a quick walk away. We were there with 3 kids, and were all pleased. This place deserves your business.	
Aug 17 2004	Nice clean room in Tower A	With help of this site, we decided to stay at the Holiday Inn Midtown on July 5-9, 2004.Excellent Value for $149.00USD.The rooms in Tower A have just been renovated, nice furniture, bedding. Only the bathroom missed the renovation. But was OK.Our family of 4 felt very safe walking as late as 11:00 pm at night in this area.Yes, Morning Star Restaurant is good but nothing to really rave about.Try Pizza Villagio on 57 street for dinner, awesome value and great food!Pool was clean and lifeguarded. Closed at 6:30 pm. Lobby has brand new laid carpet, they worked during the night.Free safety deposit box at front desk for your valuables.We had good service by the front desk staff and chambermaids.Would highly recommend staying at the Holiday Midtown, NYC.	
Aug 3 2004	Cheap and it shows.	Stayed for two nights. Very rude front desk staff. Felt I was putting them out if I asked a question. Room was not clean, and the bed spread smelled very badly. I had to ask for a replacement. Had not been changed in a while...smelled like feet. We were not in the room much because we sere sightseeing....thank god. Ok value if you are not going to be using the room much.	
Jul 18 2004	Very Good Hotel and Value	We (wife, sister-in-law, two children, and myself) stayed four nights in early July. Our rooms were clean and quiet. Rooms are unusally large by Manhatten standards --- plenty of space even with two double beds, a desk, and a chair. Front desk personnel were efficient and the maids were very nice. The hotel is about 2 blocks from the subway. While only 2-3 blocks west of the Broadway/Carnegie Hall tourist area, the area around the hotel has a more residential feel which we enjoyed. This Holiday Inn is strongly recommended for anyone --- particularily good for travelers with kids who want a larger room and a pool (not easy to find in NYC). We ate breakfast the first morning at the Morning Star restaurant (corner of 57th and 9th Avenue) due to positive reviews on this site, and returned every morning === good food, excellent value, and good service.	
Jul 13 2004	Was satisfactory	Our room was large but the knob kept falling off the bathtub and the door to the bathroom stuck badly (so badly our two 12 year olds had a hard time getting out). When we extended our stay the front desk forgot to update our hotel card keys and we were locked out. But basically our stay was enjoyable and the hotel maids were great. If you asked them for towels or coffee even if it wasn't their room to service they would oblige immediately. Don't give your postcards to the front desk to mail. We gave our mail to the front desk on Monday and the next Monday only one person had received theirs. We mailed 20 cards. Be sure and eat at the Morning Star across the street (it is the best place in town). The gym downstairs is really nice. The pool is nice too but it closes at 6 pm. The gift shop is very reasonable. We would stay there again.	
Jul 12 2004	Great Value!!	We stayed at the Holiday Inn Midtown again this past weekend and were again very happy! We stayed there when my then girlfriend, and now wife, got engaged and found that for the price it was way above average for New York City. We like to stay there if we can find a great rate and for 149 this was a great bargain! We're beginning to find in our many travels to the city that a lot of hotels below that rate are either shared bathroom, or have a rat problem or are simply run-down, or all of the above! This hotel has a spacious lobby, is clean, has a good restaurant, the parking is reasonable, they have a roof-top pool and the rooms are bigger than most middle class hotels in the city! Highly recommend the Holiday Inn Midtown!	
Jul 2 2004	What a treat!	We were very impressed with the Midtown Holiday Inn. We checked in late, and the clerk apologized that the only room available was on the second floor, street side. She said it would be noisy, which it was. However, she also told us to call at 10 the next morning, and we could move to another room. This time we got one on the seventh floor, facing the other tower of the hotel. This was much quieter. There was also room for a rollaway bed, so our son could have his own bed. We paid $149 a night, plus $15 for the rollaway, which seemed reasonable for the location. The room has a coffee maker, and there's a D'Agostino's market across the street, so after the first couple of mornings of going to the Morning Star cafe (which had tasty and inexpensive breakfasts) we bought breakfast food at the market and ate in the room, which helped us save time in getting out to see the sights. The Columbus Circle subway station was in easy walking distance. We bought a one week pass for $21 each, and used the subway to get everywhere. We had no trouble using the subway, and many people were very helpful. Watch the cab ride on the way back to the airport. The city mandates a cost of $45 on the way FROM the airport to Manhattan, but it's metered on the way back. Our cabbie drove us through Times Square (the most congested area, day or night)at 2:30 in the afternoon and told us it was rush hour (yeah, right) and that. for $55 he would take us on a shortcut. We agreed to it, but then didn't tip him, so the cost came out the same as the trip in the other direction with a tip.	
Jun 18 2004	The Holiday Inn Midtown was fabulous!!	For the price, the Holiday Inn Midtown had large clean rooms and a great location! I heard lots of horror stories about NYC motels, especially size and cleanliness. It was a pleasant surprise!	
May 30 2004	Clean Convinient and Roomy.	I couldn't believe the reviews of the other hotels in New York. It seemed as though you had to have top dollar to be able to stay in a clean hotel. I've searched and searched. My sis didn't recomend staying at some other hotels-she claims pictures are decieving. I would definitely recomend this hotel to anyone interested in staying in New York. The carpet is clean (vacumed everyday), large rooms, nothing old about this room and the bathrooms are all newly tiled. Hotels have to keep up with the standards of holiday inn, which is more than i can say for many privately owned hotels in New York. It is conviniently located in the middle of everything you want to see. Only streets away from Central Park (The good/clean side). Two blocks away you find stores like Hugo Boss, Diesel, Channel and many others that wouldn't risk putting their business in an unreputable part of town. Grocery store, pharmacy, subway, and eateries are all within a block radius. The hotel has a fairly large loby for an inn, with a fully equiped bar and banquet halls.-that goes to show it's size. I would definitely stay here again!!!	
May 21 2004	Great hotel stay - Can't wait to go back!	My friend and I stayed here last September and this was a nice and convenient place to stay! We only paid $140/night for a room which included 2 double beds. That's a great price considering the location, and midtown is great place to stay in. The rooms are huge, and you can easily fit 4 people in the room. Nice location within walking distance to everything in Midtown! Just a comparison -We've stayed in 8 various cities in Europe for vacation the past 4 years, and the hotels there can't compare to the size and comfortability of this hotel(and we've stayed in supposedly 4 stars hotels there, and they were more expensive)! Staff at this hotel are friendly, people in NY are friendly also! Thouroughly enjoyed our stay in NY and will be back there again next year!	
Apr 26 2004	Glad to Check Out....	We stayed here once (and believe me, once was enough) for four nights and we could not wait to get out of the place. Someone warned me that New Yorkers are not as laid back as Floridians but my god, some of the staff at this place took arrogance to new heights.When we checked in we'd been given the wrong room - we'd asked for a double room with a king bed and been given one with two queen beds and it was a good job we hadn't brought the cat, because we couldn't have swung it round. This is probably the first hotel room I had ever been in where I could touch all four walls at once with every limb. When we asked to change to the room we'd booked (and paid extra for!) I expected the receptionist to pull a revolver and shoot us at the very least judging by the look she gave.And so it went on, downhill all the way from there - whether the staff mark an X against anyone's name who complains about anything, but the level of service in this establishment lacked anything remotely associated with manners. It was awful, don't go there!	
Apr 23 2004	Worth it!!	I had a really good stay at the Holiday Inn. Receptionist and Concierge were friendly and efficient. The room we had was big and spacious (lots of room to store shopping!!!). Location was good got taxis to most places the fares were so reasonable! Don't miss the Morning Star across the road for breakfast sooooo nice! Overall Holiday Inn was a nice stay and worth the money!	
Mar 2 2004	For NYC This room was big	I've stayed at one other hotel in NYC. The other hotel was much more expensive than this Holiday Inn. It had more moder fixtures, but was no where near the size of this Holiday Inn. The Holiday in is located on a nice residential street, and is within walking distance of restaurants, and shopping. This is not a fancy hotel, but it is roomy and comfortable.	
Feb 24 2004	For my first hotel stay in NY it was ok...	I stayed in Tower B, 6th floor. Didn't know until we went to our rooms, via the elevator (where the info was posted), that remodeling was taking placeon the 1st thru 5th floors. When asked if construction would disturb us, the front desk assistant, responded that it would not. Needless to say, at approximately 8:45am, we heard drilling and hammering. Fortunately, we were checking out at noon. Also, there are only sheer curtains hung at the windows, which made me a little uncomfortable about dressing in the room, since the window faced a couple of buildings.Other than that, it was a pleasant stay.	
Jan 20 2004	Great Value for Your Dollar	My husband and I stayed at this hotel in October. 2003.He had to attend a function at another hotel which was booked. So we chose this hotel.This is good location and a grat buy.The room are large and clean. If you can stay in the new part of the hotel.I would stay there again!	
Jan 15 2004	Good Value for the Dollar	Good choice if you're trying to keep room rate under $200 per night. I was in Tower B for 3 nights in early January for about $120 [er night. As mentioned by everyone, rooms are large and comfortable. Furnishings were nice and clean. Bathrooms are nothing special, but not dirty either. Maid service was dependable and friendly. Nearest subway stop is 2 blocks away. Walking to Times Square takes anywhere from 15 to 20 minutes. Central Park is nearby. Many sites within walking distance if walking is your thing. Otherwise buses and subway are close by. Good choice for the cost conscience such as myself.	
Jan 13 2004	Big Rooms	I stayed for 10 nights here on a special deal, on my 2nd trip to Manhattan. The rooms are big, bigger than an average Manhattan hotel. Service is fine, though Room Service have trouble with Australian accents! My room was not serviced for the first 2 days, but once I called to complain it was taken care of straight away. At the time I stayed, the hotel was used by Aer Lingus cabin crew as they seemed to book in each night. It is a busy hotel with European travellers. Not overly friendly, just standard and few complaints. Didnt have CNN when I stayed there, so I won't go again only for that reason.	
Jan 12 2004	Large Rooms Great Price and Clean	I've stayed at this hotel a number of times and never had a bad experience. The rooms are very large, especially by NYC standards and the price is a bargain. On my last visit, the staff went out of their way to find an even larger room for me (I was hosting a party). There are two towers to this property - Tower A and Tower B. Request a room in Tower A as the furniture is newer. I have two minor complaints. First, although street sounds are minimal, and soundproofing between rooms is good, the same cannot be said of sound between the room and the halls. Secondly, the wait for an elevator, especially during checkout time, can seem like an eternity. If you have no luggage, it's much better to take the stairs. I would suggest eating at any of the reasonably priced restaurants on 9th Ave., south of West 57th Street. Ninth Ave. is just around the corner.	
Jan 9 2004	Really good!		
Dec 29 2003	Good location but...		
Nov 8 2003	clean comfortable good location		
Nov 7 2003	Nice reasonably priced hotel in good location		
Oct 11 2003	Good location		
Sep 21 2003	Fab		
Aug 3 2003	Ask for renovated room on upper floors		
Jul 1 2003	Nice location		
Jan 12 2003	ok		
Nov 24 2002	Holiday Inn 57th Street		
Nov 25 2009 	formidable		
Nov 17 2009 	Une hotel très bien situé...		
Nov 15 2009 	Céntrico y a buen precio		
Nov 15 2009 	Tolle Lage und gutes Preis-Leistungsverhältnis		
Nov 10 2009 	?????		
Oct 25 2009 	No está mal pero es caro para lo que ofrece		
Oct 23 2009 	buon rapporto qualità/prezzo		
Oct 22 2009 	Gutes Preis-Leistungs-Verhältnis		
Oct 7 2009 	Holiday Inn Midtown NYC attenzione alle esigenze del Cliente		
Sep 28 2009 	Batante viejo		
Sep 19 2009 	?????????		
Sep 18 2009 	Excelente		
Sep 15 2009 	???????????		
Sep 7 2009 	das Holiday Inn hat seine besten Zeiten hinter sich		
Sep 6 2009 	Bien situè		
Aug 29 2009 	Desde Panamá volvería a ese mismo hotel		
Aug 24 2009 	Vraiment bien placé !		
Aug 20 2009 	Vivamente Sconsigliato		
Aug 18 2009 	Angenehm		
Aug 7 2009 	Vale quel che paghi		
Aug 6 2009 	boncompris pour visiter NYC + detente en été		
Jul 22 2009 	Très bon rapport qualité/prix"		
Jul 19 2009 	??????????????		
Jul 16 2009 	Agradable comodo		
Jul 3 2009 	Enchantement		
Jul 1 2009 	Un giorno intero senza acqua le alternative proposte una camera fumatori o pagare un altro hotel di tasca nostra		
Jun 22 2009 	grandes chambres pour new york		
Jun 22 2009 	TOP Lage freundlich erstaunlich geräumige Zimmer		
Jun 22 2009 	Bon hotel		
Jun 20 2009 	Un buen hotel a buen precio		
May 22 2009 	Malhonnêtes		
May 12 2009 	Zentral aber unfreundlich		
May 8 2009	Super Lage preiswert aber Service und Sauberkeit mangelhaft		
Apr 24 2009 	Medio hotle un po' distante dal metro!		
Apr 19 2009 	très bien situé		
Apr 16 2009 	Hotel correcto y bien situado		
Apr 16 2009	Schönes hotel		
Apr 15 2009 	Excellent hôtel		
