Nov 25 2009 	So beautiful!!	Stayed on the advice of my boss and loved it. The building had so much character! The rooms were average sized, but the bathroom was all in marble and so much nicer than the ones I am used to at the average run of the mill hotels we usually stay at.Close to Times Square and Central park, although not on the door step so if you want to be close but still a little bit away so that you can &quot;get away from it&quot; when you are in your room, this place is for you!	
Nov 24 2009 	Definitely NOT 4 stars.	This hotel is old and dilapidated. The run-down lobby had me concerned the moment I entered - then, when I exited the elevator on the 6th floor, the badly stained carpeting, and odor of mildew, dust, and stale cigarette smoke confirmed my fears. The room was large, and was once lovely I am sure, but now the carpeting is ancient, ripped and badly stained. Likewise, the furniture is outdated and badly badly scuffed. Worst of all for me was the pervasive moldering smell in the room.I requested to be moved, and was given a small room on the 17th floor. The window faced an airshaft in the back, but at least the room did not smell bad. The furniture was old and scuffed. The carpet was well-worn but less stained than the previous room, and the bathroom had recently been retiled in handsome marble. Unfortunately, the caulk around the tub was very poorly done, and was already stained with mildew. I do not know how this hotel maintains a 4-star rating, although I see that other reviews indicate much more positive experiences. I am accustomed to staying in clean, updated 4-star hotels, and I will not return to the Warwick. Yes, the location is central, and the rate is competitive, but - for this traveler - the shabbiness of the hotel is not worth saving a few bucks.	
Nov 21 2009 	Great historic hotel	PROS- Location! This is in the heart of midtown--perfect location for a first time trip- Recently updated rooms &amp; it shows A little girly but nice- Great housekeeping, clean room each day- Did I mention the great location?CONS- Don't expect directions or suggestions from the doormen or desk staff They didn't know the area &amp; said we could &quot;look up stuff in the phone book&quot;- Know that the on-site food options close early	
Nov 17 2009 	one of the very best	Stayed here for the second time coming up to christmas 08. We had a beautiful corner room with windows to both sides and the views with the snow falling was magic. To come in out of the cold and snow and turn up the heat to 90 degrees was beautiful and the bed was very comfy. We used the restaurant in the hotel on two occasions, not sure of the name Murals on 54th ? maybe, but it was superb although not cheap, 200 dollars plus a tip.If I come to NY again this hotel would be my first choice, provided the price was right. I should mention that all the staff were very nice and most helpful.	
Nov 16 2009 	Good location but disappointing	Warwick hotel is in a great location, in the heart of New York, nothing to object about this but the rooms are a little disappointing. I stayed for 3 days and I had to change my room because or the terrible noise. I was at the 11th floor and the view was a brick wall (at 1 meter of my window) and at night the noise was terrible (we couldn't find if it was from an air conditioner or what. After that we were moved to another room in the 3rd floor that looked unused for the last 20 years. In both cases the rooms were dark, not very big and the bathrooms were small and old-fashiones (they need to be renovated inmediately).The staff wasn't very friendly either, a little arrogant even.	
Nov 14 2009 	class hotel great location.	very classy hotel, and when I booked it was the cheapest 4 star hotel I could find on manhattan for the specific time. Rooms are very big, I traveled with family and we got twin beds and both beds where quite large. Internet is not included, need to pay an extra fee. Location is also great, everything is nearby.	
Nov 12 2009 	great location and massive room	this hotel is in a great cetral location 10 minutes from central park and 10 minutes from time square! our room was very clean and was a very good size the food and drink was quite pricey so we stayed away from the bar and restaurant they also sent up a second fridge free of charge for all our baby milk and food very helpful staff no complaints and free internet down stairs!!	
Nov 10 2009 	NYC Short trip	Was a Guest of Delta airlines. Beautiful historic and upadted hotel. Great location. More european Botique style hotel. Toured Cary Grants flor he lived in for 12 years with beautiful verandas overlooking NYC best views in the city. Close to everything.	
Nov 6 2009 	PERFECT!!!!! GREAT!!!! I REALLY LIKED IT!!!!	thank everyone elso for your reviws.this hotel was awesomme!great service, staff, breakfast and location. gave us free late checkout.rooms were rather big, with big beds, we had a twin room, wardrobes and bathroom.we were staying in a superior room on the 12th floor (12, 14,15 floors are the renovated ones).the location is gread 6th ave and 54str just minutes away from central park, times square, very good steak house, rothanon, 54 and madison.so overall enjoyable stay.	
Nov 3 2009 	Sweet Hotel	Got this place on Priceline and was disappointed at first but once we got there, wow....what a beautiful hotel. From the lobby to the old classic rooms and a terrific location. Would totally stay here again.	
Nov 3 2009 	Very good choice	I have stayed at the Warwick for the last 3 trips to New York and have always found it to be an excellent choice. This view may vary depending on which room you get since they are very varied. This time had room 616/7 which was a suite with a large lounge/dining room and good sized bedroom.Advantages- Great location within easy walking distance of Central Park, 5th Avenue, Bloomingdales, Times Square etc.- Good wifi ($12 per day)- Nice breakfast buffet and cooked items - Good bar- Excellent serviceDisadvantages- Some rooms are very small- Despite a recent refurb the decor has a period feel which may not be to everyone's taste.All in all a very good choice and different from the run of the mill chains like the Sheratons and Hiltons which are nearby. This is much more friendly and intimate.	
Nov 2 2009 	Highly Recommended	Went to Manhattan for a weekend getaway. We arrived a couple hours early and were allowed to check immediately - no problem. Not only that, but the friendly guy at the front desk upgraded us from a regular room to a beautiful, spacious corner suite, at no extra charge! Furniture, decorations, TV, and bed were all classy, clean and comfortable. The mid-town location was superb for us. The downstairs lounge is a cozy, comfortable place for a night-cap, and we also discovered a great little grocery/deli just around the corner where you can pick up a sandwich or snack and tote back to your room. When it came time to leave for the airport, the bellman found us a private limo driver who whisked us to LaGuardia in a Mercedes for about $25. Can't wait to go back sometime!!	
Oct 30 2009 	Warwick Hotel New York City	We stayed at the Warwick after much research online. We booked through priceline.com and paid $205 a night for 6 nights from October 18 to the 24. This is a good price for NY where parking goes for $20 an hour. The water pressure was fine and the room was clean and well appointed. We enjoyed our stay at the Warwick and would recommend it to everyone. Our room was perfect - larger than most hotel rooms in New York. Pressed 100% cotton high thread count sheets and a down duvet made the bed heaven. The most beautiful brown marble modern bath was so luxurious. The location is wonderful; the park is just a few blocks away and the subway/buses stops right at the hotel. 5th Avenue is a block away and on and on it goes. In reading other reviews on the Warwick it would be important to mention that some people’s expectations are unrealistic. Some people complain about numerous issues such as:- The size of the elevator “3 people can fit into it”. Reality is 6 people can fit into it and yes it would be considered smaller by today’s standard but when the hotel was built that was the standard size of elevator.- “The hotel itself looks quite small compared to the Hilton across the road and the lobby area is quite small”.The size of the lobby is smaller compared to the Hilton but so is the entire hotel. Unless you plan on spending your vacation in the lobby what is the problem?- “Our bathroom was very small- I could only just about squeeze in- there was only a shower, no bath”. Unless you are 500 pounds it was just fine for our use.- “Staff at the front was young and maybe a little indifferent”. I don’t know where this comment comes from as we didn’t find this ever. In conclusion we really enjoyed out stay in New York and the Warwick will meet your needs. Reading some of the comments you have to wonder are they ever happy with anything. Have great travels. Mike	
Oct 24 2009 	Great location and good value considering it's New York!	We stayed at the Warwick after much research online. In the end, we booked through hotel.com and got a discount through quidco, a cashback site. We paid approx £600 for 3 nights, which I thought was expensive but after researching hotels for 2 days, I decided it wasn't so bad. Our room was on the 26th floor- there are 3 lifts and we were fortunate not to have to wait very long for a lift each time we wanted to go up to our room. The hotel itself looks quite small compared to the HIlton across the road and the lobby area is quite small.We checked in at 12 noon even though they say check in is at 3pm- they had our room ready so that was good. The room was also small- but had everything we needed, a king bed, an lcd tv and a bathroom. Our bathroom was very small- I could only just about squeeze in- there was only a shower, no bath. I wasn't bothered but for those of you who want to have a soak, this room would probably not have suited.Overall, I think this hotel was in a prime location- midtown so near to everything and there are plenty of subways/ buses if you want to take transport. Bear in mind that everything in New York is pricey so all in all, this was a good deal and I would definitely recommend it.	
Oct 20 2009 	Not overly impressed	My husband and I spent three nights at the Warwick and enjoyed our stay. Upon our check-in, we immediately got an upgrade at no extra charge. The rooms are pretty compact but comfortable. I expected the bed to be a little more comfortable than it was. We were also a little disappointed that there were only three very small drawers for clothing. I left most in my suitcase and hung the rest. All in all the hotel was very nice, compact and charming, just not that outstanding. The elevator is big enough for about three people, which added to the charm, actually. For the price I think we'll try another hotel next time. Staff at the front was young and maybe a little indifferent. Good location though.	
Oct 13 2009 	Warwick and New York a joy!	We were fortunate to get a corner room which by New York standards was large.The mini-bar fridge came in handy to keep our beverages cool. The location was terrific for traversing midtown. Easy walk to Central Park,Times Square,Rockefeller Center and Broadway theaters.Our room had a couch, and flat screen well positioned for viewing. The small desk came in handy as a makeup area due to the small size of the bathroom and limited shelf space. An enclosed shower was offered in lue of a tub. The water pressure was fine and room was clean and well appointed. The bed was comfortable and the air conditioning was adequate.The staff addressed are needs quickly professionally.We enjoyed the Warwick and hope to return soon.	
Oct 9 2009 	Such a great stay!	Our room was perfect - Larger than most hotel rooms in New York. Chairs that were actually comfortable to sit in. Pressed 100% cotton high threadcount sheets and a down duvet made the bed heaven. The most beautiful brown marble modern bath was so luxurous. The front desk help and bellmen were super helpful and nice. And the location was the best ever. Got the rate of $225 on priceline - the lowest rate on their home site was $325.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great location	In the middle of everything or close to the transportation needed to get there. Staff is helpful, bar is expensive, but there is a great pub down the street. Rooms are small but fuctional.	
Oct 8 2009 	This hotel was a wonderful experience!	We checked in for a king room and they immediately upgraded us to a suite. It was immaculate. Everything from check in to check out was great. It is a little pricey, but totally worth it. Wonderful bar and restaurant, also.	
Oct 8 2009 	Good size suite; great location	Our family enjoyed a trip to NYC in July for the 4th and a birthday. This was the first stay at the Warwick and we really enjoyed it. The room was large enough that we didn't feel crowded by luggage. The location in midtown was great: walking distance to some things, short cab rides to others. This isn't a luxury hotel and restaurants in the hotel were just OK, but it suited our needs perfectly for the price.	
Oct 8 2009 	Perfect hotel for a wonderful family trip to NYC!	My family stayed at the Warwick for 4 nights in December '08. My daughter and I actually joined my husband there at the end of a business trip. He stays frequently at the Warwick for his business travel, but this was the first time I had stayed there. --History: The history of the hotel is fascinating. Check it out on the hotel's website. The building has so much character.--Great location: We were able to walk to so many of the places we wanted to visit - the Met, the Natural History Museum, Broadway, Central Park, Radio City Music Hall, Rockefeller Center and Fifth Avenue shopping, to name a few. The neighborhood is great, and we felt very safe. For those places too far away to walk (Statue of Liberty for example), several subway lines were within a few blocks walk.--The lobby was nice, and the front desk service was great. There are at least 2 elevators (I can't remember for sure the number), and although slow, were a reasonable size, so the waits weren't too long.--The room was very nicely furnished, and the beds were extremely comfortable. We had a room on the inside of the building with windows onto an interior courtyard. There wasn't a view of anything but a brick wall, but at least we weren't directly across from another room, and didn't have to worry about privacy at all. I was actually very glad for the interior room and would recommend that location! We didn't spend much time in the room except to sleep, and the location made it incredibly quiet. I couldn't believe how well I slept there - having been to New York before, I was expecting little sleep due to outside noise, but that wasn't an issue at all. The room and bathroom were very clean and updated, so that was great. The air conditioner didn't seem extremely responsive, so I don't know what that might be like in the summer. But when we visited it was cold and snowing outside, and we slept with the windows cracked open under the down comforters and were very comfortable! It was nice that the windows would open and again, the interior location still allowed it to be very quiet. The walls seemed thick - I don't remember noticing any noise from adjoining rooms, and the beds themselves were set back pretty far from the hallway, down a little entry hall, with the bathroom and closet between the sleeping area and the hallway.--We didn't eat in the restaurant while I was there, so I can't review the food, but the restaurant looked very nice. My husband had met colleagues there before, and said it was good.--Like all hotels in New York City, the room was pricey. But if you have to pay that much for a room anywhere in NY, the location and comfort made it worth the price.I would highly recommend the Warwick!	
Oct 1 2009 	Fab Hotel Fab Location	Stayed at this hotel during August. Got a great online rate direct with hotel. Been to New York on many occasions and i have to say this hotel is the best so far. The rooms are of a generous size for a NY hotel. The hotel staff were both helpful and friendly at all times. The location is undoubted....5 mins walk from Time Square and 5 mins walk in the other direction to Central Park. Would have no qualms about recommending this hotel and it's definitely on my list to go back to.	
Sep 17 2009 	Love the Warwick	I travel to NYC frequently and always look to see if the Warwick has a good rate. If they do, it's my first choice. I love the rooms, the location and the staff are always helpful. Definitely in walking distance of theater and Central Park. I always use the little market around the corner on 6th Avenue. They make great sandwiches and scrumptious desserts!	
Sep 17 2009 	Good Location with character and very large room!	My friend and I have just spent a 5 nights stay in NY at The Warwick. The hotel was in an excellent location, just 5mins walk from Central Park, and close to Times Square. We were very pleasantly surprised at the size of our room as we know NY hotel rooms are usually very small. The room was very big, quiet, confortable and perfectly adequately for our stay. The one thing that let the hotel down for us was the cleanliness of our room. On the surface it seemed ok, however my friend was horrified one day to find blood on her bed sheets (which was not hers). The staff were very apologetic, took the sheets away to investigate further and they dealt with this matter very professionally. All credit to Joel for handling this situation. We considered this a 'one-off'' as it didn't reflect the overall experience we had of this hotel. On our last day, while hunting for 'lost' suitcase keys, I looked under the beds and found a headband under mine (which wasn't mine) and coins under my friend's bed (which weren't hers). This would suggest that the hotel need to address thorough cleaning of the rooms between guest stays. Apart from the above issues, the hotel stay was very good. Joel assured us that he would take action to address the cleanliness issues and as long as this happens then I could recommend a stay here.	
Sep 17 2009 	Great hotel great location!	Booked our room at the Warwick through Hotwire.com. The staff at the hotel was very friendly and accommodating. We checked in very early in the morning (7am) and were able to be in our room by lunch -- well ahead of the 3pm check-in time. Our bellman saw us each day we were there and always asked us what we were up to and if everything was to our satisfaction at the hotel.We couldn't have asked for a better location in midtown since our weekend consisted of seeing 5 Broadway shows. A 10-minute walk to the theatre district was fantastic. Also, being only 2 blocks away from Radio City was great as the MTV Video Music Awards were going on the weekend we were there, so we got to see the daily setup at the venue.Rooms were nicely appointed and very clean. We were lucky enough to get a corner room on the 31st floor. Very spacious and great views.Only compaint is the bathroom. Not very much counter space and the temperature dial on the tub/shower was broken, so it took some skill to get the correct water temperature. Our toilet clogged one evening, but maintenance came up within 15 minutes to fix it.Like other reviewers have said, the elevators are a little slow. There are only 3 elevators (I think?) for the 32-ish story building, so the rides down did take a little longer with frequent stops.Would definitely stay here again for Hotwire.com rates. The rates to stay here if you book through the hotel are way beyond my price range.	
Sep 10 2009 	Not too impressed	I booked a 4-star hotel on Priceline for a very cheap price and got the Warwick. I stay in NYC hotels a lot...in 4-star places...this was my least favorite. The best thing about hte Warwick is the midtown location....close to the park, shops, theatre, what-have-you. Plus I found the gym to be more than adaquate with newer equipment. But, that isn't enough. I understand it is very old and has a significant history, but to us, it was a little too run down...from the shoddy store front to the lobby and rooms. Elevators were a catastrophe, expect to wait 5+ mins (not counting all the stops). The room we were appointed to was very small and the window was about 5 feet away from a brick wall. I felt claustrophic. When I called the front desk to request another room, they told me they were fully booked but that I would be eligible for a free room upgrade next time I stayed. Thanks, but I'm afraid there won't be a next time.	
Aug 31 2009 	Wonderful Place to Stay in NYC!	Excellent hotel, excellent location for sightseeing! Loved the hotel from the service to the spacious rooms, to the great breakfast! Would stay here again with no hesitation.	
Aug 29 2009 	Amazing Value - Great Hotel - Dreadful lifts	Was in NY for one night for a meeting and booked sight unseen a 4 star hotel on hotwire for $150 and got the Warwick. Having spent on numerous occasions up to $500 for a room the Warwick at that price is an absolute steal.An old worldly hotel that still puts emphasis on service and has nice sized rooms my only compliant would be the lifts which are small and temperamental.Didn't get to eat or drink in hotel bar/restaurant but looked very cool.Definitely recommend this.	
Aug 24 2009 	Great Location with Ice-Cold A/C	Just enjoyed 2 nights at the Warwick courtesy of Hotwire.ca. Got an amazing rate at a hotel with great central location that is within walking distance to 5th Ave, Central Park, Rockefeller Centre, Times Square, and subway lines. Very clean room with ice cold a/c --- a must in the sweltering NYC heat. We got a complimentary upgrade and enjoyed the view of the MOMA's roof from our new room. Would definitely return	
Aug 23 2009	If you can stay here - book it!	My mom and I stayed here one Saturday night and we couldn't get over our stay... From the moment we arrived with a friendly greeting and helpful bellhop and valet, to the front desk staff who gave us an amazing large room (we just stayed in mid august so the city is much less expensive, but still...) with balcony!!! I can't say enough good things, and my mom is picky (expecially about clean) and she was thrilled. Eat at Lou's Diner (one block downtown off 6th) for a much less expensive but yummy and clean breakfast alternative. Free internet computer in lobby, really close to park, shopping. Parking not too expensive for 24 hour period. Cary Grant lived here for 12 years. Book it!	
Aug 18 2009 	great location but not very clean (Cockroaches !!)	Great location (walking distance to Times Square &amp; Central Park)But the hotel is preety old and dirty as we had Cockroaches in our room ! Definitely not pleasant to find these 1.5inch long Cockroaches in your room.	
Aug 18 2009 	Well located for a lot of the sights	We stayed here for 6 nights. The room was spacious, the staff were very friendly and helpful. Breakfast is taken in a room with some interesting murals (ask your waiter to explain the hidden meanings!) Being located centrally, just off 6th Ave and a few blocks from Central Park was ideal. Broadway and the Rockefeller Center are within easy walking distance, as is Radio City. Times Square is about a 20 minute walk.	
Aug 9 2009 	Great Location Value 	My husband and I just returned from our NYC trip - we stayed 6 nights at the Warwick and cannot have enough good things to say about the hotel. We planned our trip several months ago and made several hotel reservations as we came across good deals. I figured that we would narrow it down to the one hotel that had the most pros and fewest cons. We settled on the Warwick and are very happy that we did. We got an awesome rate for a suite through Travelzoo with breakfast included. When we checked in, I requested an upgrade and got one. We had a 625+ sq. ft suite with a large living/dining area, a kichenette (no appliances), a large bedroom and 1.5 bathrooms (Room # 2121) on the 21st Floor. We had a view of 6th Avenue from the living room.The hotel is older and some of the furnishings could use an update, I must say though that the bed was extremely comfortable and the linens fresh and crisp. There was a lot of closet space in the bedroom (2 closets). The location of the hotel couldn't get any better - lots of great restaurants around, close to Broadway, Times Square, Fifth Avenue and many other attractions.The one small drawback is the $12 per day for Wi-Fi. I found out later though that the Business Center use was free and internet was available out there. The staff was excellent; from the bell desk, concierge, front desk to housekeeping. The staff made every effort to make our stay comfortable. We will definitely stay here again!	
Aug 6 2009 	Good substitute for pricier Hilton in midtown	Attended a conference being held at the Hilton in midtown but failed to book a room before the conference rates ran out. Tripadvisor led me right to the Warwick and ended up with a nice, clean room at less than the conference rate across the street! Older hotel but well maintained rooms. Room was spacious and well done. Bathrooms in great condition and all very clean. Staff were friendly and accommodating. Did not try the restaurants (why eat overpriced hotel food when in NYC?). Great place to stay in the Plaza District.	
Aug 3 2009 	Pleasant experience	Stayed at warwick hotel end of june beginning july for eight nights. Found hotel staff pleasant and helpful. Room reasonably large and clean. Great location within walking distance of many attractions. Would definately stay here again.	
Aug 3 2009 	Good value great location small problems	Stayed in a room at the back of the hotel, so there was no view. However, it was very quiet, which is hard to come by in the city. The room was very big and had great original woodwork, but the bathroom seemed to have been made over on the cheap. The toilet wouldn't stop running. One bulb was out. The staff was helpful. The small bar has windows on the street and is good for people-watching.	
Jul 27 2009 	We will definitely stay here again.	This is an old, beautiful hotel with quiet, large rooms and friendly service. It is ideally located, too -- close to Broadway, shopping, museums, and great restaurants. If you're looking for a reasonably priced hotel in the heart of everything, you probably can't do better than this. In addition, the elevators ran smoothly at all times, check-in and check-out were a snap, and the bathroom has been updated nicely.Seeing how we really weren't in the room that much, the view from our window didn't matter. But if this kind of thing matters to you, I'm sure the friendly staff will accommodate your needs. Our view was of a brick wall, but, like I said, we didn't really care because we used the room only to sleep.	
Jul 26 2009 	Amazing!	Who said New Yorkers were rude? The staff here could not have been more helpful and friendly! From the moment we pulled our car to the front door to the moment we checked out the staff made us feel at home. They were always smiling and always went out of the way to help. The day we left there was a police man standing with the doorman at the front. They saw us looking at our map, obviously trying to figure our way out of the city, and came over to offer their advice. The staff always called us by name and on several occasions offered assistance. Now, on to the room...I expected a bed with about one foot of walking space around it and a tiny bathroom. I heard from friends and family that the norm for NYC was a small room. Boy, was I ever surprised to open the door and see a room larger than my master suite at home. There was a walk in closet, wet bar that was the size of a closet, a large bedroom area, and a bathroom with great water pressure and plenty of hot water. It is a beautiful hotel with a gracious staff. I will definately stay here on all of my future trips to NYC. I will have to say that the Warwick Hotel and Staff are the cherry on the sundae! Oh, one last note. The hotel is located in Times Square so valet park and leave the car there or ride the train in. It is located close to Metro stops and within walking distance to most of the places you would want to go.	
Jul 19 2009 	Receptionist cannot answer simple question	Upon arrival reception asked to swipe my card for $400 &quot; for incidentals&quot;. I asked if the money would be still be available for me to spend or if the whole amount would be removed from the card. The receptionist said the money would still be available to spend. As it was a prepaid card this was an important issue and I double checked this fact with her. She was wrong and within 2 days my card was declined. When I took this up with reception they were less than helpful. They did not accept they were in the wrong and suggested I called the card issuer in the UK for help. This charge was claimed to be for the convenience of the guest when checking out, more like they do not trust anyone and want an amount up front.As for the room, it was so dark it did not need curtains, we had a great view of a brick wall less than 10 feet from the window. From the booking it was obvious we were a UK group visiting New York, and this is the type of room they give to impress. The only staff that were any use were the doormen.	
Jul 18 2009 	Great Location Great Room Great People	My friend and I stayed at the Warwick from July 3 through July 5. I cannot overstated how PLEASED we were with our experience. The hotel is on the corner of West 54th &amp; 6th Ave (Avenue of the Americas), within walking of just about everything we wanted to do while in NYC (Broadway, Times Square, Fifth Avenue, Rockefeller Center, Central Park, etc.).Our room had two very comfortable double beds and the room itself was spacious. The bathroom had marble flooring and sinks, and the shower head offered several levels of pulsation. Wi-fi is available, and the signup process is simple. The walls are a bit thin, though, and we could often hear loud conversation happening in the room next door.The personnel (particularly the front desk staff and the doormen) were absolutely fabulous. We arrived early and checked out late, and in both cases our bags were held for us. We received great tips for locations to watch the Fourth of July fireworks along the Hudson River. The shuttle company picking us up to go to the airport had a mixup, and the doorman volunteered to resolve the situation.I could go on and one about the quality of the service, the convenience of the location, and so on. Suffice it to say that we will recommend the Warwick to others, and look forward to returning ourselves in the future.	
Jul 13 2009 	Perfect hotel	Good location and price is good, just the room is small.	
Jul 11 2009 	Lovely hotel with first-rate staff	We stayed at the Warwick for a recent week-long vacation to celebrate our twentieth wedding anniversary. We couldn't have been happier with our stay. We had booked a package (standard room + breakfast buffet) on Travelzoo at a very reasonable rate. Upon checkin, we asked about an upgrade, thinking that perhaps a deluxe room was available. Francine at the reception desk upgraded us to a suite! Yes, it was at the back of the building and thus the views out the windows were of an air shaft, but it was completely worth it to have such a large and lovely room. There was even a small &quot;kitchen&quot; area, set off from the living room, with a mini-fridge and a sink. The room was spotlessly clean and the housekeeping staff did an excellent job each day.I can't say enough about the staff at the Warwick. From the bellmen to the reception staff to housekeeping to the wait staff at breakfast, everyone was exceptionally helpful and pleasant, attending to all our requests immediately. This is a hotel that knows how to take care of its guests. And you can't beat the location: as so many have mentioned, it is walking distance to Central Park, the Theater District, and shopping. Across the street from the Museum of Modern Art, which is free (though crowded!) on Friday after 4 p.m. Also an easy walk to several subway and bus lines so you can get uptown and downtown with no problem. We will certainly stay at the Warwick again on our next trip to New York.	
Jul 10 2009 	THE BEST!	This was our fourth visit to the Warwick...continue to be so very pleased with our stay there. This time we stayed in the &quot;Hollywood Suite&quot; Amazing...wrap around balcony...with great entertainment living room...2 bathrooms...all decorared in art deco style....This is the ONLY place we would ever stay whenever we return to NYC! Great reception staff....doorman [Jesus..the best!] and of course, Angela..what would we do without your assistance!	
Jul 4 2009 	Very positive experience	I agree with all the recent reviews. We've stayed at many different hotels in New York, and found the Warwick to be as good as any of them. Nice, spacious room, excellent service from the bellmen, valet parking, and front desk, and a very good (though frightfully expensive) breakfast. And the bar was comfortable and friendly. My only complaint is that you're charged for internet service which isn't even very reliable. But overall it's a nice, well-run hotel in a great location, and not at all unworthy of its glory days when the Beatles and other luminaries graced the premises. We will definitely stay here again if we can get a reasonable rate again.	
Jun 28 2009 	Nice hotel in a great location	My brother and I went to NYC for the night to see a show. We booked the Warwick on Priceline and it turned out to be a great hotel. At check-in we were upgraded to a suite on the 11th floor. It was a nice suite with a view of 6th avenue. The most important things for me in a hotel are the beds and the water pressure in the shower. Both at the Warwick were outstanding. Another plus was the location. A few blocks from Times Square and a few blocks from Central Park. The hotel was clean and the staff was friendly and professional. I have stayed in many hotels in NYC and the Warwick was one of the best.	
Jun 23 2009 	Wow for The Warwick	Found a great rate at this Upscale Hotel for 2 nites. Friendly front staff,upgraded us to a View Room, nice amenities, 2 umbrellas in 1 closet(bad weather - so very welcomed), and 3 free computers in room off lobbyavailable 24/7. Getting a twin-bedded room is tough at times but they eagerly accommodatedand we agreed that, aside from 1 cruise line we favor, the most comfortablebeds ever!!!Cannot comment on bar, gym faciltiies or in-room menu as we did not partake.Can recommend Benoit, Alain Duccase's resto 1 block away.The hotel was an easy, safe and deliteful walk from the Theatre district each nite.	
Jun 19 2009 	Great Hotel for the Price	I stayed at the Warwick Hotel during a girl's trip to New York in May 2009. The rooms are spacious and clean and the beds are so comfy.The front desk was very helpful with answering any questions we had about tourist attractions or directions. The hotel is within walking distance of Times Square.	
Jun 19 2009 	Great hotel fabulous location!	We have just stayed at this fab hotel. It had that small hotel feel, with nice staff and lovely rooms.The best thing though about this hotel is its location. You are between 5th &amp; 6th Avenue, a few streets south of Central Park, its not far to Times square or Broadway. If you walk down the street you are on 5th Avenue, even Madison Square Gardens is not far. Though there are loads of yellow cabs, walking is the best way to get around, and you get to see everything, if you want to go very far, get the bus, NYC's secret bargin!I would greatly recommend this hotel, we had a fabulous stay, though I recommend booking it though something like lastminute.com for good rates, otherwise could be expensive as it is a prestige hotel.	
Jun 9 2009 	Very good experience	Booked a 2 night weekend stay through Hotels.com, with a very reasonable rate considering overall quality of this hotel and superb location. Front desk staff were very polite and efficient. Upon my arrival, and without even asking, the clerk said &quot;I'll upgrade your room&quot; and proceeded to give me a high floor deluxe king. The room was in very good condition, although a bit on the small side, but this was more than offset by the noise insulation provided by the hotel's solid 1929 construction. Our direct neighbors were playing the TV quite loudly and seemed to be having a small party. All of this was quite audible from the hallway, but once inside our room we heard nothing. I would highly recommend this hotel for anyone wanting a first class experience in New York at a very reasonable price.	
Jun 9 2009 	Unbeatable Location	Spent 8 days at the Warwick - very nice accommodation. Like all NY hotels ask for an outside room - we had a great mini suite with King. The folks cannot do enough to make the stay comfortable. Close proximity to Central Park is an added bonus. Easy wlks to everything of interest for us and close enough to Dizzy's Coca Cola club to put a smile on any Jazz fiends face.	
Jun 1 2009 	Great hotel great location	My husband surprised me with a weekend to NY for my 40th birthday. He booked our room at the Warwick and it was a treat. Like many have said below - the location is excellent. We were able to walk almost everywhere we went from Lincoln Center to Times Square and beyond.Upon checkin we were upgraded to a room with a small balcony. It was lovely with a view of Central Park! One morning we even ordered room service and ate breakfast out on the balcony and other than having to listen to everyone elses air conditioning unit - it was a great experience (and they have great bagel and lox!)Our room was on the 23rd floor - so we didn't have any problem with street noise in the room and the halls were very quiet - never heard a peep from our neighbors.We visited Randolph's Saturday night after coming in from seeing a show at Lincoln Center - drinks were good - bartender was semi friendly - disappointed they closed so early - 12:30 - and the place was packed at the time too.We also visited O'Connel's (I think that's the name) the Irish bar right next to the hotel - late on Friday night - very friendly place with a very friendly bartender (who was actually Irish!)Concierge was very helpful in helping us find an address that was off the beaten path and printed out directions for us.We enjoyed our stay and I would definitely stay here again.	
May 28 2009 	Location Location Location	It would be hard to find a better Manhattan location than the Warwick. Chose this hotel because it is in the middle of Midtown and it did not disappoint my husband who hadn't been to NYC in a number of years. It is across from MOMA, five short blocks from Central Park and around the corner from Takashimaya! Easy access to subway, Carnagie Deli and so on. We had a large corner room on the 23rd floor which was wonderful. The bath was small but adequate and the shower excellent. Had to get the engineer in to get the sink to drain and the toilet to stop running but other than that everything was fine. Good housekeeping service and the staff was pleasant. The price was an excellent value for NYC.	
May 26 2009 	Cary Grant lived at this hotel for 12 years !	This hotel was built by William Randolph Hurst in the 1920's for his Hollywood friends to have a place to stay. It's magnificent, rooms beautifully decorated, staff is wonderful. They offer rooms, standard suites, and premium suites. We upgraded to a premium suite upon checkin. One of our complaints is that we were not informed of the added benefits that came with the room for upgrading. We were to find out later in our stay. Also, the electrical outlets are only 2-prong with the exception of the bathrooms. Coffee pots are offered if you request it, but you can only plug them in, in your bathroom!	
May 26 2009 	Perfect!	Great staff, clean, quiet and large room with a great location. Felt like part of the family.	
May 19 2009 	Good location tired rooms could do better.	I stayed here for 1 night on 9th May 2009 and expected good things after I read all the reviews. However, my room was at the front of the building (where there isn't much to see) and I was kept awake all night by the noise from the street. The windows offered no sound proofing at all. For this reason, ask for a room off the street. The room was tired, and needed refurbishing. The bathroom was small, but clean. Staff were friendly, and the location was good for shops, theatre, etc. Would I stay here again, probably not as I think you can do better for the money.	
May 14 2009 	Great Hotel Great Service Great Value and Location	My two night stay at the Warwick was without complaint. The rooms were comfortable, quiet and clean. Bathroom was clean with lots of towels. The King bed was comfortable, however the pillows were too soft for my personal preference. The staff I interacted with were courteous and efficient. The hotel's location offers easy access to the subway system and is within walking distance of many New York attractions such as Times Square. I would definitely stay here again when travelling to New York.	
May 12 2009 	appreciated the umbrellas!	we stayed at the hotel for 6 nights for what must have been the worst NY weather week ever!! we had naively gone expecting mainly fine spring weather but got rain, rain, rain. The hotel was great, spacious rooms with plenty of storage, bath and shower, flat screen tv (in standard room). The location was fantastic, near lots of things but also near a subway. The hotel umbrellas (almost) made up for our lack of bad weather gear. Didn't eat or drink there - expensive, but great places all around. We would expecially recommend the Astro Restaurant across the street for breakfast.	
May 4 2009 	Very good location with friendly staff	Great location just a few blocks from Central Park and Times Square. Check in was efficient and front desk staff friendly. Breakfast was good with wide range of food. We had a double bedroom which was big compared to other hotels. We ate in the Hotel Bar and were disappointed with the food and slow/unfriendly service. Would not recommend eating here.Concierge was friendly and helpful, although he recommended taking a shuttle bus from the hotel to JFK airport on our checkout. We assumed it was free, but cost $20 per person (expensive when a taxi costs $45 and there were two of us). Not sure if they're on comission? I would not recommend this shuttle service as it stops at other hotels before leaving Manhattan, which we were not informed about on booking. The whole journey took 2 hours. Driver was rude and unhelpful. The company's name is Airlink. If you were travelling alone, it would probably make sense to take the shuttle as it would work out cheaper, but bear in mind the extra time it would take to get to the airport.Overall good hotel, let down by poor service of waiting staff in Bar and quality/price of food.	
Apr 30 2009 	Lovely hotel quiet excellent staff A+++++++++	Lovely hotel in a great location. Easy check in and out. Excellent staff, very accomodating.	
Apr 23 2009 	Excellent location value and service	Checked into the Warwick on a Saturday at 6:00pm to find we were upgraded to a &quot;Deluxe&quot; room with a view. Rooms are very spacious (for NYC), beds are comfy with plenty of pillows. The bathroom is tiny with a poorly placed shelf that you could slam your forehead on while washing your face if you are not careful. There was also no tub, only a stall, but the bathroom was spotless and shower was refreshing. Location is excellent, right across from the MOMA and a short walk to Central Park, Fifth Avenue, Madison Avenue, and several restaurants (Bistro Milano was very nice). Service was excellent and the bar, Randolph's, is very nice though a bit expensive even by NYC standards. I highly recommend the Warwick and will stay there again.	
Apr 23 2009 	Wonderful Hotel in a Great Location	My entire family (extended) stayed here the first weekend in December, 2008. We had a wonderful visit at the hotel and could not have been happier with the location, rooms or staff. The hotel is spotless, the rooms are spacious and the hotel truly exudes a grand demeanor. We wanted for nothing and were able to enjoy our stay in NYC and get a good night's sleep when we wanted. This hotel is blocks from many of the attractions people visit NYC to see: Central Park, Radio City, Theaters, Times Square and the Time Warner Center. There are also fantastic restaurants on the streets surrounding the hotel - for all dining tastes.	
Apr 20 2009 	Absolutely Fabulous	Our first trip to NYC and we loved the Warwick. For $30 we upgraded our room to a street view and weren't disappointed. The room was big, the bed was plush, and the carpet was spotless. Coffee arrived on request and we were treated like royal guests. If I ever visit NYC again, you can bet I'll stay there, and recommend to my friends. Also, the hotel restaurant has beautiful artwork commissioned by W. Randolph Hearst, which contains some interesting figures, and the hotel bar, appropriately named &quot;Randolph's&quot; was named after, you know who! 15 minutes of free Internet, wireless in every room, free apples at the check-in desk, and the concierge was extremely helpful when we asked where we could buy a charger. He even escorted us outside so he could point us in the right direction.The Moma's only two blocks away. Times Square within walkin distance. Only two blocks to a subway station or to take the Metro. Who could ask for anything more.	
Apr 17 2009 	Great Location!	You can't fault the location of this hotel, it's literally a stroll to Central Park, 5th Avenue and Times Square and the Rockefeller Centre.Rooms are very very clean, housekeeping came in every day and left the rooms immaculate. We went for a deluxe room which was really spacious (apparently a spacious room is very rare in New York) and the beds were really comfortable. Service was great as well. Only downfall was a kettle / tea &amp; coffee wasn’t provided - not a massive issue though. All of the above is what you would expect from a hotel of this price, which is the only reason I haven’t given it 5 stars, if the cost were a bit lower I might have considered giving it full marks. However, that said when i go back to New York i will definitely stay in this hotel again.	
Apr 3 2009 	Great first time stay	We enjoyed our trip to New York City all the more for this wonderful hotel. The location was amazing, just a side street down from Fifth Avenue and a few blocks from the start of Central Park. We got a cute little stuffed bear with a t-shirt with the Warwick logo on it. The staff was very helpful and courteous. We got put in a room with 2 double beds first, which was not what we had reserved. We called down and requested a change to a room with a king bed. After waiting about 30 minutes, we got put in a nice room, spacious for the city, fairly big tv, very nice marble bathroom, roomy closet and a safe. The view was horrible compared to the first room we were in, as it showed the view of a narrow alley and barely any sun got in, but the room itself was pleasant. In-room breakfast was lovely and tasty, though fairly pricey, as are most things in NYC. We had one night's dinner in the in-hotel restaurant, Murals on 54, which was absolutely amazing. The food was fantastic, tasty, very creative and the right portions, that is, not too much and not just a stick of celery size. It was somewhat expensive, but it was worth it. Our waiter was pleasant and helpful. The restaurant decor was lovely and dynamic, the ambiance was great as well. We also visited the in-hotel bar, which was nicely appointed, though the drinks were expensive. When we were there, they were doing renovations on one of the elevators, which is in the old 20's style. So 2 out of 3 elevators were actually working and we found the wait to be somewhat annoying, especially on Sunday, when there was a mass exodus. Didn't see any kids there and we found the halls to be quiet.Overall, it was a great place to stay, comfortable and great location.	
Mar 25 2009 	A great getaway!	My husband and I just got back from a 3and a half day stay at the Warwick Hotel. This hotel was recommended by our travel agent and didn't disappoint. It was clean, comfortable and close to many interesting places. We walked everywhere and mostly bought our meals at a nearby &quot;market&quot; that had sandwiches, fruit, veggies, etc. A bit pricey but it is New York after all! It was fun to look at all the photos of the celebrities who have stayed/lived in the hotel.  My only complaints about the hotel are: 1) the room was too warm and you couldn't open the windows 2) there isn't an empty fridge in the room. When I removed the pop from the bar fridge to put in my salad, I was initially charged for 5 pops at $5.42 each!! Fortunately, the fellow at the front desk took that charge off the bill when we complained.  Other than that, it was a great spot and not too noisy at night which surprised us!	
Mar 24 2009 	Another fabulous trip	We stay at the Warwick nyc every time we visit. We traveled this time with our three kids, 20, 18, and 13. I reserved two classic rooms with no view (cheap rate through travelzoo-$179/night) and were upgraded to two wonderful deluxe rooms with views. They have coffee pots that they will bring to you and that was good. The rooms were extremely clean, housekeeping was there every day before noon. We visited the bar every day and sometimes the kids had a burger. The food is pricey but very good! No food in nyc is cheap so you just have to get over it. Had wonderful service. They had a van taxi waiting for us at 5:30 in the morning on a Sunday-great service and of course you tip these fine gentlemen for their efforts.	
Mar 23 2009 	Excellent Location and Spacious Rooms (small bathrooms)	We stayed here from December 5 - 7, 2008 and the holiday season was in full swing. This hotel is one of our most memorable stays because of the room size, amenities and hotel location. In the heart of Midtown, the Warwick is just a hop and skip away from Times Square, Central Park and 5th Ave. The Rockefeller traffic is horrendous - AVOID AT ALL COSTS! The hotel rooms are considered BIG for NYC. The rooms were clean and the bed was SO COMFORTABLE. The lights are a bit difficult to manage, because the lamps were not hooked up to the switch and a bit tedious to turn each one on and off. The elevators ran at decent speeds. The doormen and front desk staff need work. I thought staff at high end hotels recognize their guests; these did not. Maybe this isn't a high end hotel, but they place themselves on the price point of high end hotels. If you plan on going to a diner on 7th ave for breakfast, don't! Stay at the hotel. Get the breakfast package with your stay and enjoy a comfortable breakfast at the hotel. Eating breakfast at a diner on 7th ave is a waste of time and money. Overall, would return to say at the Warwick again.	
Mar 13 2009 	Fantastic stay once again!	Myself and my husband once again had a wonderful stay at The Warwick New York Hotel.Having stayed at this hotel for New Year back in 2007 we couldnt wait to return again.The staff are so friendly and make you feel completely at home,We would like to say a special thanks to George,Jack,Edgar,Jose,Tom,Sam,Laura,Hamel,Bob and Rudy for being such fantastic hosts and hope to see them all again on our next visit.I have recommended this hotel on many occassions to people wanting to vist New York.Keep up the good work Guys! Look forward to our next visit.  Julian &amp; Wendy Barnes	
Feb 27 2009 	Simply ... the best!	Flew into Newark. Hopped on Coach USA bus $25 return (includes a $5 discount on Grayline Hop on/off Bus on back of ticket). Got off at Bryant Park between 5th and 6th Ave. at 42nd St. and walked 12 short blocks with our rollerbags to The Warwick at 6th and 54th. Maybe took 10 mins or less. Airtrain from Newark stops at Penn Station 34th St. Need to take a cab or Subway to the Warwick. Front Desk staff and bellmen/doormen so friendly and welcoming. Stayed with my 18 year old daughter for her Grad present. Felt so safe and secure in the hotel and neighbourhood. We walked to everything - Herald Square Macy's, Lord and Taylor (for the Prom Dress), Times Square, Broadway theatres, 5th Ave shopping and Central Park. Never got in a cab once or needed the Subway. Location of the Warwick is the best. Hotel was very clean, great bed - no complaints about anything. If you are on a 'touristy' kind of visit - you can't beat the Warwick! Bring lots of money for food - Manhattan is more expensive than London!	
Feb 17 2009 	Great Location 	Just got back from one week in NYC (first time) and a stay at the Warwick. This charming hotel is a 2 minute walk to Central Park, across the street from MOMA &amp; American Folk Art Museum, and down the street from footwear shrine Manolo Blahnik. In addition to the location, the Warwick has lots going for it -- historic building, well proportioned rooms (the suites are very generous by urban standards 500 sq. ft+), excellent restaurant and truly helpful staff. A nice surprise to stay in a boutique hotel that took obvious care in the details (cleanliness of hallways, elevator, etc) and felt welcoming and safe for a single female traveller.	
Feb 17 2009 	Grand Hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Warwick over Valentine's weekend this year. We got an amazing deal through Hotwire.com and couldn't have been happier with the hotel. From the moment we arrived the staff was extremely friendly and courteous. The check-in was fast and smooth and we were in our room within minutes. The room was very large by NYC standards and very nicely decorated. We had a room with a King bed on the 28th floor. There was a nice sized entry way to lead in and then the room with the King bed, a desk with chair and another easy chair in the room. There was a nice armoire with a flat screen TV in the room as well. There was a huge closet and across from that, the beautiful bathroom done in marble. We used the concierge to book a last minute dinner the night we checked in and were very pleased with the restaurant. It's three doors down from the hotel, called Il Gatopardo, and it was fantastic! If I had to come up with one negative thing about the Warwick it would be the lack of water pressure in the shower - and that's reaching for something negative to say! The location is fantastic, well within walking distance of Rockefeller Center and Times Square. We highly recommend the Warwick and will definitely stay here again.	
Feb 16 2009 	Superb servicegreat location.	Great location on the corner of 6th avenue and 54th street.Room was avarage big, clean and had everything we needed..except a coffee machine.Very friendly and service-minded staff.Will stay here again if I get the right price :)	
Feb 2 2009 	Charming hotel great location	We stayed here for 10 days in the summer. We chose the hotel mainly because it seemed to offer a great central location, got good reviews and wasn't too expensive... a good quality mid range hotel.And it lived up to expectations.The location was the best aspect, on 6th avenue, just a few blocks from Times Square, a couple of blocks from the Rockerfeller Centre and a few blocks from Central Park. It was near subway and bus connections too. Perfect for us as we wanted to get out and about in New York.The lobby was relatively small with only a small lounge area. But there was a good restaurant and bar. We didn't really use these though as we preferred to head out to the many eating/drinking places nearby.The staff were friendly and helpful.The accommodation wasn't the best but it was perfectly clean and adequate. That suited us as we didn't want to spend a lot of money on hotel accommodation that we weren't going to spend a lot of time using.Anyway it suited us just fine. Perfect for exploring New York without costing a fortune.	
Jan 31 2009	Mixed experience	Our family of 4 stayed here for 3 nights, including New Year's Eve. We had booked a 2 bedroom suite 7 months in advance and had requested a high floor. The things we liked included a reasonable price for the time of year, friendly reservation assistance, large rooms, ability to check in early and the location. Things we were disappointed in included we didn't get a high floor at all despite assurances at reservation time, the room was quite dirty when we checked in (we had to get the cleaners back to clean it and I don't believe it had anything to do with the early check in, the room didn't look like it had been used for some time..), lots of blown light bulbs, one phone wasn't working and the heating was difficult to work out how to adjust. We seemed to have to keep ringing up to get something fixed! I can't believe we had to ask for a coffee maker and when it came, only 2 mugs were provided (for 4 of us) - once again we had to ask. Although there was a fridge in the room, you weren't allowed to put anything in it like fresh milk (that I was happy to buy myself)! Its a pity when when you book a large suite with a dining table, 2 bedrooms etc, that you have to ask for such things as coffee makers/fridges, a few basic mugs or plates at all - why provide the dining table???????? I also didn't like the bell staff - they watched us struggle with bags out of a taxi and only came to help once we had had done most of the hard work! Very keen to get tips, but not good service. We could organise a limo to the airport (we just rang the first listing off the internet) quite a lot cheaper than the bell staff (obviously taking a cut and more...). Room decor quite tired. I guess I might go back, but would check what else was available as probably price was the determining factor, nothing memorable about the hotel at all. I also recommend when you get to your room you check it and make sure you get all that the hotel says it provides! Just keeping ringing the front desk!	
Jan 29 2009 	what a great place	I had been warned that it was &quot;aging&quot;. Apparently, they had recently remodeled. We did upgrade at checkin. The room was sizable, 2 double beds, a decent sized bathroom and closet space. 3 of us had plenty of room. We were very happy with this hotel.	
Jan 28 2009 	A Guest of William Randolph Hearst...	My wife and I took advantage of a Warwick Winter Weekend special to book two nights in one of the Warwick's suites right after New Year's. The hotel is a gem. Originally built as a guest house for friends of William Randolph Hearst in the 1930's, it retains a bit of the allure of that period (ask Bob, the maitre'd of &quot;Murals on 54&quot; restaurant for an &quot;adults only&quot; tour of the murals painted for Hearst). The hotel is located across the street from MOMA (our deal included two free passes to the museum) and its just a few blocks from Rockefeller Center, Central Park, and Times Square. Restaurants abound in the neighborhood. We walked over to &quot;Mia Dona&quot; on East 58th (highly recommended). We had an after dinner drink in &quot;Randolph's Bar&quot;, a classic New York City drinking spot with leather couches and a great and talented barman. I'm more of a martini guy but my wife said the house specialty cocktail was delicious. This is a fine hotel. We look forward to our next visit.	
Jan 19 2009 	Pleasant stay	Stayed for one night at this grand old hotel. The room was large for New York City and the bathroom was nicely marbled but small with no place to put your toiletries. King bed was very comfortable. Room was very quiet. We had a good rate for a room with no view (which we were aware of when booking). It is in a great location; we only had about a 10-15 minute walk to the theatre at Lincoln Center. If I got the same rate, I would stay here again.	
Dec 23 2008	Great location.	Had a bed on the 3rd floor with two double beds. These rooms are VERY spacious by NY standards. The decor was nice, but maybe a little worn. There was a nice sized closet in the room which was great. The heater was way too hot and difficult to control the temperature. Also, we had children who stayed in the room next to us, and we could hear every single noise they made when they woke up each morning at 7:00 a.m. I wish we would have been in a room with no children nearby.The linens were very nice, but the bed was not very comfortable. I felt like it sunk to the middle.The bright parts of the hotel are its staff. They were all incredibly kind, attentive, and overall, way above satisfactory.The Randolph Bar was just okay. The drinks were very expensive (even by NY standards), and the calamari appetizer we had there was not good. I would probably avoid the bar.The location of this hotel cannot be beat if you are looking to stay in the midtown area. We got a very good deal on Travel*zoo. I would recommend this hotel for its value and staff, but if I could get a better deal in a nicer hotel, I would probably take it.	
Dec 22 2008 	Great Location	We stayed at the Warwick in December of 2008 and had a wonderful time. The location is right in the middle of everything and the room was quiet and clean. The king size bed was particularly comfy.	
Dec 22 2008 	the warwick	Stayed at the warwick hotel this december. The hotel is very posh, and the decor is lovely. They had 2 bar/restaurants which looked really nice, although we didn't use them. The location has to be one of then best in New York, close to everything, mainly Central Park. The rooms were very nice and beds were so comfortable, all toiletries were replaced everyday. Found all staff friendly and helpful. Would definatly recommend this hotel and i would love to go back someday...Would recommend getting one of the city scape bus tickets, we actually got ours extended for another 2 days free of charge. Its a good way to see the sights, and save walking miles. Woodbury common shopping outlet is great for bargains, and we got the bus ticket from the same company. Eating out was expensive, avoid the TGI.Friday we paid $60, just for a burger meal for 2 and a couple of drinks. One of the many food stalls along the streets offer a cheap alternative to breakfasts, $5. for both of us.	
Dec 16 2008 	Excellent in all	Checked in at 2am (JFK flight), room 2504 was justas advertised, large room 11'x18', king bed,facing 2 brick walls; tiny bathroom (discounted).Housekeeping was splendid; very quite room.Didn't use dining or room service.3 small elevators sometimes a little slow.Fine location, 1.5 blocks to 'F' subway,200' to the MOMA museum.Would stay again and loved it.stan	
Dec 3 2008 	Beware you can't control the room temperature!	Ok, let me first say, I booked this hotel through hotwire. Maybe this has something to do with my room, but we booked 2 rooms and only 2 had a problem.I was traveling with my parents, so we had booked 2 rooms. Upon arrival the man at the desk pointed out that I used hotwire. This made me cringe and I was afraid what we would get. We aske for the rooms to be on the same floor. He said in order to do that, we would have to take a room directly in front of the elevator. It was that, or take rooms that were 20 floors apart. So we relented and took them. My parents took the room at the elevator, and when I went to my room, it appeared someone had been there. The pillows were messed up on the bed, the bathroom had toilet paper in toilet, tissue in the trash, and the soap had been open and used. We immediately called and asked for another room. The girl on the phone was very apologetic and guess what, they actually did have another room on the same floor after all (rolls eyes.) The new room was fine, but very hot. There was a temp. control on the wall, so I lowered the temp in the room and we left for sighting.We arrived back in the room several hours later, and my room was still roasting. It felt like the only thing coming out of the vent was air, not heat or cold. I called the front desk and they sent maintenance up. He told me that the hotel was on one system, and that I was unable to control the temp in my room. I was at the mercy of whatever temperature the hotel kept its unit. He said at the moment they didn't have any air or heat on, so I was just getting air (not air-condition) through my vent (which I had already realized.) He told me to open a window to cool off the room. When he tried to open the window it was extremely difficult and only opened about an inch. Ok, so after a few hours the room finally cooled down, but then I needed to close the window. It was impossible to close. I called my dad and he came in the room, and together with both of us pushing with all our might, we were able to close it. It made a loud noise when we shut it. Guess what, the next morning when the room was roasting again and we tried to open the window, it wouldn't budge.So basically, my room was too hot the entire trip. My parents room seemed to have air and heat, even though the maintenance claimed that no one in the hotel could control their room temp.I must say, other than that, everything else at the hotel was pretty nice. Its an older hotel and has its problems, but the room temp. was my only real problem. But for me thats a big problem. I don't like sweating the minute I get out of the shower. Hotwire calls this a 4* hotel, but shouldn't a 4* include heat and air when you want it?	
Dec 3 2008 	Very nice hotel excellent location	We atayed at this hotel for 4 nights during the thanksgiving day week. Location is excellent and within walking distance to the main attractions such as Central Park, Rockefeller Center, and the Broadway Theater District.The room was spacious and very comfortable.Front desk staff were very polite and helpful.The less positive sides of the hotel were the bell boy outside the hotel, who just wanted his tip for getting us the taxi, but didn't bother helping with our heavy luggage, the elevators, which in the late morning were very difficult to catch, and the lack of free in room internet (to their defence I must admit there is a business center with free internet).All in all, staying at the Warwick was a very positive experience, and I would highly recomend this hotel.	
Nov 22 2008 	Best Location - American/European Charm	Walking distance from Lincoln Center, Times Square, Madison Ave, etc.Spacious comfortable rooms, smiling helping staff. My new home in NYC!	
Nov 2 2008 	A Great Hotel with a good location and level of service	The Warwick Hotel New York was an excellent choice of hotel for New York. The location was great with a 5 minute walk to Madison Ave. and next door to the MMOMA. The hotel staff were great and provided a consistent level of service throughout our stay. They were always welcoming and greeted us every morning and the service was never rushed. We stayed in a superior room and the hotel kindly allocated us a twin room after I rang with our request ahead of our stay. The rooms were very large for New York with comfortable beds and pleasant furnishings but faced a brick wall with construction works beginning at 6am every morning. The room was also very warm even though we set our air conditioning unit to the lowest setting. Many previous reviews commented on the dysfunctional lifts, however we experienced few problems and one of the three lifts was out of service with the hotel's continued $1.2 million advertised investment. Murals on 54 (the main restaurant) is OK but a bit soulless and quite expensive. We had breakfast there on our first morning but we much preferred Randolph's bar, which is a comfortable bar serving light food and drinks all moderately price. It is an excellent place to have coffee after meals or a light meal after the theatre. Improvements for the hotel could be a coffee machine in each room (these can be requested) and for improved AC in certain rooms. However, our stay was very comfortable and felt like 'a home from home' after a busy and tiring day sightseeing.	
Oct 31 2008 	Fantastic Mini-Moon	My husband I stayed at the Warwick for two nights in October and we wish we had stayed longer! Our &quot;official&quot; honeymoon is in December, so we wanted to get away for a few days after our wedding. We had booked a Warwick Suite, but were upgraded to the &quot;Hollywood Suite&quot; and it was AMAZING! Besides the spacious bedroom, bath &amp; living room, there was a fireplace (albeit &quot;faux&quot;) and plasma TV's. But the best part was the wrap around terrace. Unbelievable and very rare in NYC. Our room was in the corner of the hotel and one view was down Sixth Ave and the other looked out to Central Park. Room was very clean as well.The front desk staff was very accomodating and very nice. One of the elevators was out and they explained to us that it might take a while to get the elevator, but we never had this problem. We did not eat int the hotel's restaurants, but did order room service, which was very good, although expensive (but so are most room service meals in NYC). We had a drink at the bar one afternoon, and the bartender Jack was fantastic- so friendly and even told us a little history about the hotel. I would definately recommend this hotel- great value (especially if you are upgraded)- our room cost $625 for a 1 bdrm suite- most 4-5 star hotels in NYC charge $900 and up for a basic room, so its really worth it. It's location is fantastic- around the corner from Fifth Ave shopping and walking distance to Theater area. We really had no complaints whatsoever! Definitely try the Warwick on your next trip to NYC!	
Oct 24 2008 	Good but twisted	I stayed here one night on a business trip to NYC. Our party of 5 colleagues were all upgraded from Executive King rooms to suites, and I personnally got a King Premier Suite (2506).Like for car rentals where you always get the best upgrades for the shortest drive, I was sorry that my stay was so short. The whole suite. It was huge, and nicely appointed, with a U shape. Strange feeling of staing at Grand Ma's, with an oriental flair. Beautiful terrace with a great view of 54th street. reat King bed. LCD TV both on the bedroom and the living room.Rather small bathroom, decorated with marble, with Bulgari bath amenities. No separate shower stall, which at that cost, is a miss. Breakfast was ordered at room service, and delivered in the forst tier of the requested time bracket. Hot drink was missing. Fair price, considering this is NY = expensive : pancakes + juice $33 all inclusive.Problem is currently the elevators. There is a bank of 3, out of whoch one is undergoing renovation. It took up to 8 minutes to get an elevator to come up the 33rd floor where our meeting was taking place.Not bad overall I expect even for standard or superior rooms, if you get a goof rate.	
Sep 24 2008	The Warwick Hotel is a massive WOW!!!!	We stayed in The Warwick Hotel in December 2005 and we were so impressed that we booked again for a week in September 2008. Me and my new husband Gareth got married whilst we were in New York City 2 weeks ago. There are so many hotels in New York to choose from but we knew that The Warwick Hotel was in a great location and was a lovely hotel. One block from 5th Avenue, 2 blocks from Central Park and 2 blocks from Times Square. We booked a delux room through our wedding company but i contacted the hotel directly and asked for an upgrade to a suit for the day before the wedding until we left New York which was 4 nights in total. Our wedding company quoted us an extra £1500 to do this with them but The Warwick Hotel did this for $125 extra per night which we thought was fantastic.The first room that we had was excellent. It was very large with a king size bed, lots of storage space and even a good view from our window which is very hard to find in New York hotels. 4 days into our hotel we swapped rooms and oved into the suite. We were told to pack our suit cases and leave them in our room and the bell boys would take our luggage to our new room for us which only left me to swap room keys over when we returned to the hotel later that day. The service was brilliant!The day before the wedding, concierge made sure all of our wedding outfits were pressed and that a limosine was ordered for the next day.Our suite was incredible. For an extra $125 per night it was amazing. We had a large sitting room with plasma tv, sofa's, arm chairs, dining table, entrance hall, work station and amazing views of the city. There was a seperate extra large bedroom with king size bed, another plasma tv and small sitting area. Complimentary robes and slippers. Lots of storage space. Our friends was amazed when then visited. It was the height of luxury.We took 45 members of family and friends out with us and everyone stayed at different hotels in the city. We did find that The Warwick Hotel was a lot more expensive that all the others but i think you pay for quality and luxury. I would definatley recommend this hotel to anyone wanting luxury, excellent service, and a hotel in the heart of New York City. When we return to New York in a couple of years time we will definatley be going back to the Warwick Hotel .	
Sep 19 2008 	Nice hotel in an Excellent location	Stayed here for business two nights back in August, very satisfied.The location is fantastic, right across the street from the Museum of Modern Art, close to 5th Avenue shopping, and just a few blocks from central park.The rooms were recently renovated and the place looked fab, and very luxurious. Rooms were much larger than most standard NYC-sized hotel hotel rooms. The entire bathroom was covered in granite, nice furniture, and had a great view of 6th ave. The elevators were so small and so slow!!! That was kind of annoying. But the old world ambiance really made up for it, with the original fixtures and even mail slots that ran through all of the floors, pretty cool. Keep in mind this is a very old traditional NYC hotel with a lot of cool history. Front desk staff was absolutely delightful and nice, and really enjoyed their welcome.	
Sep 18 2008 	Fantastic Stay	We stayed at the Warwick for my 30th Birthday week and it was excellent. Fantastic room on the 26th floor - 2 double beds, with excellently appointed bathroom with shower over the bath. Extremely comfy beds and well appointed LCD TV and minibar.The staff were all courteous and helpful - they were more than happy to help this lost Brit in the Big Apple. Although we didn't eat at the hotel restaurant, we did drink at the bar - Rudolph's - which had an excellent atmosphere and cheap-ish drinks in comparison to its neighbours (i.e. the Hilton). There are several excellent restaurants and bars in close proximity and it is in very easy walking distance to Times Square, Radio City Music Hall, Central Park and MoMA; the subway (Broadway Line) is also very close by giving you access to the rest of Manhattan.The only criticisms were problematic lifts, however these were undergoing refurbishment so that is understandable and a minor dispute on check-out over telephone calls that were not made, however the reception staff resolved this issue without any trouble.All in all, an excellent hotel - my partner and I have already decided to stay when we visit again next year.	
Sep 11 2008 	Your items might get lost	Loved the location and room but our Ipod was taken from the room. We were told insurance would cover it but then they denied ever saying that. So we're out an ipod.	
Aug 30 2008	Great Location great historic hotel	Arrived very late (after midnite) and were surprised to be upgraded to a better room for no extra charge. The hotel is close to everything, museums, broadway, shops, central park and subway. The room was spacious and clean and the staff very helpful.The only downfall is the elevators as they are upgrading and only 2 of 3 were working. I already knew this before arriving from reading previous reviews. I found this to be a very minor problem. Also I found the AC on a bit too high for my tastes.I would definitely stay here again. For the price it is an excellent hotel.	
Aug 13 2008 	Very disappointing	I booked a one bedroom suite for three people and when we arrived the bedroom only had one queen size bed. The staff were very unhelpful and after alot of complaining we were finally moved to the correct room several days later. The lifts were very slow and it normally took 10 to 20 minutes to get to correct floor. I would not recommend this hotel if there is more than one person in your party.	
Aug 12 2008 	Great location decent hotel	One of the best located hotels - directly across the street from MoMA, a block or so from Central Park, close to Metro stations, shopping and dining. Two night stay was pleasant. The interior is a little dated but room and bathroom were larger than expected for this part of NYC. Front desk staff were just okay - no major problem but could have been a touch more courteous. Concierge was a real loud mouth. Elevators are being renovated and take forever to arrive. All in all, for the location in Manhattan, probably worth staying at if you can get a good deal on the price (I paid $479 for two nights).	
Aug 12 2008 	warwick	Nice hotel, we had a delux queen so a big room for nyc. Staff ok, nothing toi write home about. Would stay again for the price ($229.00)	
Aug 11 2008	Decent hotel great location	I booked two rooms at this hotel on Hotwire for about $90 less than the lowest rate on the hotel's site. Upon arrival at around 1pm on a Saturday, we were told that no standard rooms would be available for check-in until around 3pm, but that we could check into a better room right away for an upgrade charge of $30-$150. Now, maybe this was just a coincidence. Perhaps the hotel just doesn't have that many standard rooms. But one has to wonder whether they were deliberately cleaning the standard rooms last, or just simply following a practice of not allowing early check-ins for standard rooms. We really did want to check in, so we paid an extra $30 each for deluxe-level rooms. My room was of a very nice size for New York city, so the upgrade charge probably was a decent value. However, the bathroom was among the tiniest I've ever seen. The TV was a modern flat-panel, but it was small for its distance from the bed, and there were no HD channels. Everything was clean and in good condition.Only one bellman appeared to be on duty when we needed to retrieve some stored luggage, and the wait was about 10-15 minutes. There were a number of people in line behind us to get their luggage, and it was obvious they were getting frustrated with the wait. The storage room was immediately adjacent to the front desk, but no one left the desk to assist with the storage situation. For the amount we paid on Hotwire plus the upgrade, the hotel was pleasant enough and a decent value. However, I wouldn't necessarily go out of my way to stay there at full price.	
Aug 5 2008 	Good for the price	This is a comfortable hotel, but don't expect much above the basics. The location is great right accross from MOMA and neat the theater district, Park Ave., Central Park, Madison Ave., Grand Central Station, Rockefeller Center and just about everything else. Let's face it, when you are in New York for vacation and as a tourist, you spend very little time in your hotel, which makes this a great option. The Palace, Westin, W, etc. are all in the $600 range, while the Warwick is in the low $300's. Use the savings to have drinks in the lobby's of the other great old hotels like the Waldorf and Plaza.	
Aug 4 2008 	Warwick Suite	Hi,We have just returned from a 8 night stay in a Warwick Suite (no 2116).The suite was huge (especially for New York) with a seperate lounge with full sized sofa and dinning table for 4 people with a even bigger bedroom, bathroom was on the small size but everything was super clean. I would recommend you ask for a room as high up as possible as we could still here the traffic noise from below but the location made up for that. Also because we were higher up the lifts going down in the morning were never full so we didn't have to wait for the next one, this did however happen for people on the lower floors.The location was just great as my husband was on business so I was left to wander around the shops (such a hardship!) which were so close to the hotel as previous reviews have said so was central park, grand central station and times square. Also I felt competely safe at all times. As for food we only ever had room service breakfast always on time and food OK. There is a 'up market' supermarket just around the corner which sells amongst other things wonderful sandwiches and cakes! Also nearby restaurants we tried were all good although we did find we needed to book them in advance.Overall a good clean and well located hotel we would stay here again and recommend to family and friends.	
Aug 2 2008 	Perfect location	Stayed at the Warwick for our second trip to NYC, room excellent (very spacious and clean), service great and front of house staff very helpful. Location couldn't have been more perfect - close to shops, MOMA and park - great dinner rond the corner too. Would stay there again with no question. Only downside were it took a while to get a lift at times - they were often full by the time it got to our floor (12) - they did warn of this though (they are reinovating) and we managed to sneek in the service lift which avoided this problem. The place is steeped in history and still lives up to expectations.	
Aug 2 2008 	NIce Midtown Hotel	My wife, daughter and I booked a trip to NYC and stayed at the Warwick for 4 nights. The hotel is in a great location....walking minutes from major Manhattan attractions. The room itself was very clean, the beds comfortable, etc. We didn't take advantage of other hotel services, such as the restaurants (there are 2). My only beef was with the elevators. We were on the 17th floor, and 2 of the 3 guest elevators were in service at the time of our stay. Once you're on, they're very fast, but getting on during the peak times, morning especially, could be frustrating. A maid did show me the direction to a service elevator, which worked out well during non service hours.I would recommend this hotel to anyone travelling to NY. If we go back, we'll most likely book it again.	
Jul 29 2008	Good Value	The Front Desk staff is very friendly and helpful. The room was clean and very large - it even had a walk in closet! The location of the hotel, at the intersection of 6th and 54th, is perfect to get to just about anywhere. It is an easy walk to Times Square or Central Park (for example). The restaurant breakfast is overpriced and you can do better by eating at any of the many nearby restaurants around 7th and 54th. The hotel rates itself as a 4-star hotel, it really is closer to a 3 or 3.5 star hotel. It is an older hotel. The elevators are small, slow and old. If you are on the first 6 floors, you should expect to wait for 2 or 3 elevators to go by before you can squeeze on with your luggage - you may even have to use the service elevators to get down. On the whole, for the price I paid ($219/night via Hotwire) it was definitely worth the money and I would recommend this hotel and stay there again.	
Jul 23 2008 	Great location	We enjoyed our stay at the Warwick Hotel. Nice clean rooms, small but cute. Great location, close to Times Square, short walk to Rockefeller Plaza and close to Central Park!	
Jul 12 2008 	Wonderful Warwick	My daughter and I stayed at the Warwick Hotel for 5 days. Reception staff were extremely efficient and friendly, check in was very quick, our bags were taken to our room which was large with two double beds, walk in wardrobe, safe and en-suite bathroom. We had an inside room which was quiet and had no street noise at all, great nights sleep. We had a large LCD tv, armchair, desk and table. Our room was cleaned every day and was spotless. The only thing missing was tea/coffee making facilities, but there is a starbucks a block away which does wonderful coffees, hot chocolate and lemon iced cake, amongst others! Doormen get you a taxi in seconds, very helpful with directions. Lifts are small, but only on one occasion did we wait quite a while, but this is to be expected if you want the ambiance of an older more historic hotel, and we had no problem with them at all.Loved New York and the people, sights were fantastic, especially the Empire State building. Went to two shows on Broadway, also first class.Flights with BA were excellent.Wonderful holiday, excellent hotel would definately recommend it and would definately stay there again.	
Jul 11 2008 	Worth looking in to....	Booked one night on a Travelzoo promotion. Was upgraded to an executive level room with large desk, 37&quot; LCD TV, nice amenities. Room size was excellent for midtown Manhattan. Stayed at the Waldorf at same trip and preferred the Warwick. The only negatives I had were the elevators and lobby size, but those have been mentioned. Very good location, room size and rate for the money.	
Jul 10 2008 	Nice hotel good location.	The Warwick hotel served it purpose for a short NYC trip:clean, good location and nice staff. The decor is a little stuffy &amp; dated and my bathroom was hilariously small. I will be staying at the Warwick again and plan on trying out its restaurant, Murals on 54.	
Jul 2 2008 	Location is the Key for this Hotel	Stayed here with my husband and thirteen year old daughter while my husband had business. Location was great for shopping, close to Central Park, and close to theater district. Room was average and clean. Elevators are tiny and very slow, but signs announced they are being renovated. Lobby is pretty and restaurant is good. We stayed here because the seminar my husband attended had negotiated rates and a block of rooms. We stayed for three nights and were so busy shopping, sightseeing, and attending Broadway shows we really weren't in the room other than to sleep and shower.	
Jul 2 2008 	It was a great hotel to stay in / great location ...in the heart of the City!!	I booked my hotel on Travelzoo.com and got a great rate. I stayed in a standard room in which was very very big and spacious. Surprising because many New York hotels are very very small. The employees were very professional and friendly . The one thing I didn't like what the automatic room service charge and the automatic 15% gratuity that was for the roomservice aswell, I think that was alittle too overpriced. Other then that ...it was a great hotel to stay in . From the Door man to the front desk....I was greeted with friendly people and it made me feel very comfortable. Oh I forgot, the bathrooms were beautiful ....marble floors and very modern. and the best was so comfortable...I didn't want to get up and explore the city...lol....I definetly recommend the Warwick.	
Jun 23 2008	Warwick looks War Torn. Look elsewhere	The elevators were claustrophobically small. My trip from the highest floor (33rd) was always onerous due to small elevator car and multiple stops along the way. Room carpet was blatantly filthy in large areas (room #3301 to be exact). Toilet broke with normal use. TV Cable service was nonfunctional for most of one day on our two-day stay (no, I don't travel for the TV, but it is our routine to put on a movie between sight seeing and dinner). Only views were boring facades of adjacent buildings.I can't imagine all of these things happening simultaneously again, but with all the hotel choices in NYC I don't think I will be staying here again. The lobby was touted as having a major renovation, and it was handsome...but who stays in the lobby?	
Jun 8 2008	The Warwick is a Gem	This hotel is very clean, well located (only three blocks from Central Park) and fairly priced (under $350 per night via Venere.com). Our deluxe room with two double beds was spacious and we were upgraded to the 17th floor so we heard very little street noise. The bathroom was beautifully appointed but fairly small. We used the business office to send and receive faxes and the services were excellent, and although the front desk staff was not particularly friendly they were pleasant. The conceirge gave us faulty information on public transportation. The elevaters are small and, at times, very slow....allow extra time especially around 8:00 a.m. I would not recommend this hotel to families with young children.... Times Square would be more fun for them....but for all other travelers it would be an excellent choice.	
May 1 2008	Excellent location bit small	A bit of a mixed bag, this place.Check-in staff were polite and friendly but the lobby was absolute mayhem - this is due to its small size relative to the 30+ floors of rooms that it serves.My room was a a decent size and well furnished (more antique shop than modern) with a comfortable queen bed and lcd tv. However the bathroom was tiny - from any point in the room I was able to touch any of the four walls with a little bit of stretching. This appears to be a quirk of the x08 rooms which are nicely tucked away in the corner of each floor.As other posters have commented, the lifts are in need of renovation - only three are for guests, each with a capacity of about 5 people (not including luggage) - a tight squeeze given the hotel's capacity.Location is excellent though - a couple of blocks from central park, short walk to grand central and times square, and right on the avenue of americas for those on business.	
Apr 29 2008 	Great location and wonderful service	This hotel is in a great location if you are interested in art, theatre, and shopping. Our room wasn't large or ostentatious, but it was comfortable and more than adequate. The TV was huge. I loved the down-filled duvets instead of bedspreads and blankets. The service was impeccable and I can’t say enough good things about the staff.	
Apr 20 2008	Loved it	Just come back from 5 days in New York - Stayed at the Warwick. Found it very comfortable. Staff very pleasant. Good location - easy to walk to all the sights. Didn't get a room with a view but what the heck. Would recommend this hotel. HJM	
Apr 19 2008 	Excellent location and accommodation	We booked this hotel via Airmiles and it was a very pleasant surprise. We were there from 12th to 17th March and our 12th floor room was large, clean and comfortable and when we had a problem with a light it was fixed within an hour. The hotel is very well located, near enough to Time Square, a couple of blocks from Central Park (for early morning jogs!), museums and shops (if you must!). Returning in the evening there is a very good bar where the staff are as helpful as in the rest of the hotel. Try a Manhattan and enjoy your stay.	
Apr 13 2008	Loved The Warwick	I had a 2 night stay at The Warwick and I have to say it was fab! I had heard a lot about NY rooms being small but this one was rather grand and very nicely decorated. It had a huge comfy bed. The room was really quiet and peaceful. I didn't have a view so the windows opened out on to a shaft but as I wasn't spending that much time in the room, that didn't matter.I found it on lastminute.com and they had the cheapest rates of anyone. It was about £260 for the 2 nights (no breakfast). There are lots of cafes and delis around the hotel so I didn't miss out. I did have one meal in the hotel bar and it was good value for money.Location wise, the hotel is perfect. It's on W54th and 6th Avenue so easily walkable to Time Square, The Rockerfeller Centre, Central Park and all the posh shops on 5th Avenue.Can't recommend the Warwick enough!	
Apr 10 2008 	Great Mahhattan Option	The Warwick is an excellent alternative for business or vacation travelers to Manhattan. The location is superb-- just around the corner from the Museum of Modern Art, in the low '50s between Fifth and Sixth Avenues. Rooms are comfortable-- comfy beds, nice armchair, and the cozy bar offers a good dining option for solo travelers. The pricing is excellent for Midtown. Service is friendly and the doormen and bell staff are genuinely helpful, save at peak times for checkout and checkin. The exercise facilities were undergoing renovation when I stayed, and I did not have opportunity to sample the hotel restaurant, but note that excellent restaurants are a short walk away. This is a small hotel that offers good value in Midtown Manhattan. Not flawless, but pretty darn close. Check it out.	
Mar 26 2008 	The Best of New York	The Warwick New York is such a great property. I've just come back from a four day stay and it was memorable for the great room, super convenient location and beautiful interior.It's the best choice for anyone who's tired of all those minimalist 'boutique' hotels with bland color schemes, next-to-no furniture and tiny floor areas. At the Warwick, though, it's all about large rooms, big beds, beautiful elevators and ornate decorative detailing.A great hotel in a great city. Couldn't recommend it more highly.JC	
Mar 24 2008	Great Stay	Stayed here in early February for a theater and opera weekend. Arrived in the pouring rain. Check-in was easy. Room was very comfortable and quite large by NYC standards. Hotel is very well located for shopping, theater, dining, and public transportation.	
Mar 22 2008	Would stay here again	I would definitely stay here again for three main reasons. The rooms are very spacious for a NY city hotel and spotless. The location is spectacular. MOMA is directly across the street and so many places are within in walking including some great restaurants. The staff was great!	
Mar 19 2008 	Loved it!	We arrived at the hotel at lunch time and the check in procedure was fast and the staff were very polite and helpful, the Concierge 'Monnie' was fantastic. He was excellent at his job and gave us really good tips on where to go and where to eat. The hotel was in a brilliant location central to the shops and Times Square.The bedrooms are lovely and very clean the only down fall was that they wery warm at night. I would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting a nice and friendly place to stay on their visit.	
Mar 8 2008 	Terrible customer service and staff - beware of this Hotel!	Make sure if you make a reservation at The Warwick you read between the lines and try to interpret their vague &quot;cancellation policy&quot; because the staff at this Hotel is cold, heartless and unsympathetic to requests for cancellations including the Managers. They charged me a full night's stay for canceling though the &quot;cancellation policy&quot; did not state they would do that. They refused to cancel my reservation and they booked me as a &quot;no show&quot; instead so that they could justify charging me a full night's stay even though I tried to cancel ahead of time with good reason and was not a no show at all. When I spoke with a Manager I told them I would dispute it and they told me to &quot;go ahead and dispute it&quot;. They are obviously in desperate need of money, it's rather sad for a Hotel in Manhattan...beware of this Hotel (and if you cancel be sure to get a cancellation number). I would never recommend this Hotel too anyone ever!!	
Feb 24 2008 	Going Downhill	We have stayed at this property many times over the last 3 years and in the past have found the staff helpfull and the property on par with a New York 4star property.It seems they changed the front desk personnel about one year ago and since then the hotel has been going downhill.The elevaters were constantly getting stuck and my children were trapped for 10 minutes , Room service dirty dishes were laying in the hallway for two days , Bell service / car valet was a project in cordination that they left to us the guest to navigate . To top it off , we had booked the room based on their web rate where they offer a package including parking , at checkout they charged us an added 230.00 for 2 days of parking and claimed that IN/OUT priviliges were not included in that rate . Even though we showed them that their web site makes no mention at all of that , they nevertheless were not willing to credit it . It is a shame that this great location hotel that we used to love is being ruined by the new front desk/mangemnet downright lack of interest in customer service.	
Feb 5 2008 	Hotel Great for a weekend break central to everything!	Just returned from this hotel...had a very pleasant stay, clean, tidy, huge room with queensize bed!The hotel is undergoing some renovations, but this is not a problem, we heard nothing. Our room was on the 16th floor and was one that wasnt as yet renovated, ok, decorating was a little tired, but nothing atall to worry about..Hotel has had some famous faces staying there over the years, Beatles, Elvis, Cary Grant, Liz Taylor, James Dean and some others, which we werent aware of until we were there but found it all very interesting.We didnt eat in the hotel atall, so we cant comment on the food.Central park is only a few blocks away, which is a beautiful place and we were lucky enough to even see a wild Racoon and a beautiful red bird called, 'Northern Cardinal' I think.Most things are in easy walking distance, but if you dont like walking just catch a cab or the subway.Fantastic city, we loved everything about it, so much to see. In 4 days we managed to cram in the following, which we recommend;* Central Park* Empire State Building* Staten Island Ferry - is free! runs every 1/2 hour and sails past the Statue of Liberty* Ground Zero* Central Station* Central Park Zoo* Dakota where John Lennon was shot and over the road is 'Strawberry Fields' Memorial Park for him, with a mosaic of 'Imagine'* Rockefella Center* Little Italy and Chinatown* Times Sqaure* Macys and BloomingdalesThis is only a small list as there is many, many more things to do and see, we just ran out of time!Fantastic hotel &amp; city!!!	
Jan 17 2008 	Choose with Care	Great location, and if you like older hotels a great ambience. But... when booking make sure to book a refurbished room. The hotel is mid-facelift meaning some of the rooms look great (see the photos) and some are just small, poky, dark and a bit grubby around the edges (mine).	
Jan 16 2008 	Definitely one to consider	My wife and I stayed here over the New Year period for 4 nights. I chose this hotel due to it's location, reviews and, of course, the price. Having stayed at the Hilton opposite a few years back I knew exactly where the Warwick was and, if like me, you prefer being near the heart of the action then this location is nigh on perfect. The hotel itself is clean, comfortable, secure and, unlike most, has a bit of character left in it. Some comment on the outdated rooms, but they're absolutely fine in my opinion. A TV, shower, mini-bar and comfy bed....what more to you need in NY? If you're unsure where to stay you really should consider the Warwick. I doubt you'll be disappointed.	
Jan 12 2008	decent stay	My father rented a suite for a few days. It was a room with a living room, a common hallway which connected to the main hall, and a side bedroom. We enjoyed the location and the pub is nice as well. The rooms were a little old and tired, but they were not so bad. They were certainly big enough. The gym is not the best, but not too bad either. We only had a couple problems. One, I kept waking up the first couple mornings to the door to the main hallway opening and closing, over and over and over. I thought it was my father, bored. When I asked him, he said, no it wasnt him. Turned out the maid's closet with supplies was in our private suite hallway! So every morning, she was coming into our suite to get supplies. The fire alarm went off in my father's room at 2 AM. It went on and on and on. Nothing happened despite his repeated calls to the front desk. When he finally threatened to leave, the staff finally sent someone up to turn off the alarm. When we complained the next day, it was as if we were not speaking. They completely ignored us and did not even apologize. Considering the amt. of money my father spent for that &quot;suite&quot;, I think they should have been more receptive. At least apologize! We loved NY and will come back again, and still will probably return to the warwick.	
Jan 10 2008	Great Holiday Hotel	The Warwick hotel was a perfect choice for December 23/24th in NYC. The hotel was elegant but comfortable and nicely decorated. Randolph's Loung was a great respite from all of the shopping and sight-seeing with great casual fare and very nice drinks. It was a delightful pitstop, lounging on leather couches grabbing a bite and a drink between visits to Saks and Macys. The location and atmosphere at the Warwick are wonderful.	
Dec 31 2007 	The Warwick Felt Like a Home Away From Home	My mother, sister and I stayed at the Warwick for a weekend in October, and we all enjoyed it tremendously. It was a bit pricy, but no more than we would have expected due to its history, location, etc. We liked the cozy feel of the lobby, the excellent &quot;above and beyond&quot; service, and the location couldn't be beat. So close to great shopping and dining options. I noticed one complaint of the lack of in-room coffee, but for a few dollars one of us would run down to the restaurant downstairs and pick up three cups of great-tasting coffee and return to the room. We had no elevator issues. It was a wonderful choice for people watching, and the bar off of the lobby was the perfect hang-out upon our return from dinner out. I would definitely stay there again.	
Dec 26 2007	Enjoyed Our Stay at the Warwick With a Few Little Hangups	Overall, my husband and I had a lovely stay at the Warwick over the Christmas holiday, mostly thanks to the fabulous location not the hotel itself. Within just a few short blocks, you have Rockefeller Plaza, Central Park (near Wollman Rink), a subway station, several Starbucks, a lovely market with delicious sandwiches, 5th avenue shopping, St Patricks Cathedral etc etc etc. We could have even walked to our Broadway show (Wicked at the Gershwin) but I was in heels and didn't want to walk! The Museum of Modern Art is literally across the street and shouldn't be missed. To describe the location in a word: perfect.We were greeted upon arrival by a very friendly, efficient staff and were able to check in early. The hotel itself is old and in need of some updating, but if I'm not mistaken, this is currently in progress. We, however, were placed in a room that has not been redone and it was in pretty sad shape - wallpaper tearing, scuffs everywhere, a tiny tv and closet, water stains on the ceiling. The rooms have very little soundproofing and we could hear our neighbors quite a bit, so we cracked the window at night for some road noise, popped in some earplugs and we both slept like babies in the very comfy king bed. Also be prepared for the slowest elevators in the history of the modern world! There are three, but I think only two worked and they are tiny so they fill up very quickly. If we had paid the average $400-500 rate, I would have been devastated at how far off reality was from my expectations. But, we got a great rate of $235 and for that pricepoint, we were very happy with our room. I would not pay a penny more than $250 a night for this hotel unless you are sure you are getting an updated room.	
Dec 25 2007 	Great with a baby	Coming to NY with an one year old baby from Europe on the first major trip is always a challenge. The Warwick was an excellent hotel for us with the location and the wonderful staff. The hotel was clean and the rooms great (forget about a view though) but above all was the staff who made us feel welcome at any times even with a baby who's not silent at all times. Both at the breakfast restaurant and at Randolph's everybody was great!!!	
Dec 9 2007 	A gem of a hotel	Gem of a hotel very comfortable marvellous locationstaff polite and go out of their way to be helpful. Will book in again on our next trip	
Dec 7 2007	eh	good location. clean room/bathroom. very un-helpful staff. elevator was not working (could not catch elevator going down from any floor, had to ride up to top, then get to lobby). was given wrong room number when checking in and disturbed another guest when we tried to get into the room. went to lobby, and when they realized their mistake, wasn't offered any compensation (asking too much?). door man VERY helpful.	
Dec 6 2007 	Just OK	Pretty hotel, super location (1 block from Carnegie Hall, 3 blocks / straight shot to Rockefeller Center and Radio City Music Hall). Checkin and checkout were cramped (very small lobby) and slow. From the other reviews here, it sounds like the rooms vary a lot in size. Ours was fine. It was at the end of a hall (#514), so that may have helped. Bathroom was tiny, without a lot of place to put things, but still OK. Bed was very comfortable. Furniture is dated and a little worn (I agree with the other reviews) but the room was clean. Our room had a small dressing area beside the closet, with plenty of room to open suitcases.We didn't care about the furniture, bathroom size, etc. but there were two things that really bothered us. First, the rooms don't have coffee pots. There's a Starbucks 1 block away, but it was snowing and windy outside (a rough hike in the morning when it's below freezing). We ordered a $9 pot of coffee from room service each morning and they tacked on a service charge (final cost was $16 per pot). Second, it's easy to get an elevator in the lobby but almost impossible to get one from your floor upstairs. And the tiny elevators hold only 2 people with luggage (maybe 5 without). We were on the 5th floor and always took the stairs down. If we'd been on a higher floor (there are 30+), it would have been a problem. That said, we would stay there again (mainly because of the super location) but it would not be my first choice if I could find another place at a similar price.	
Nov 28 2007	A very average hotel	Situated in a prime location you would expect more from this hotel than you actually get. The staff were very average and the accommodation was very average, but the price was expensive! The decor was tired and needed addressing (we had a deluxe room) the ceiling in our room was cracked and the paint was peeling from it. The room was extremely dark - day and night - given the hotel is surrounded by high-rise buildings. The aircon was noisey so you couldn't have it on during the night. The bathroom was very small, although clean. I wouldn't stay here again - there must be better value/nicer hotels in NYC to stay in for the price we paid!	
Nov 27 2007 	Great Location clean but check room out and be prepared to ask for a change!	This hotel has mixed blessings, a great location, close to The Rockerfella Centre, Carnegie Hall and The Museum of Modern Art. The first room we had was too hot (no air conditioning or thermostat) and way too noisy, but, we were quickly given another room when we asked. The decor is very 1940's nostalgic, and the lifts are a little temperamental. The staff are friendly and helpfull. As for the timing of this trip, we went over Thanksgiving and this was a bit of a nightmare shopping wise as the shops were closed for the holiday, and the sales started in lots of stores on the Friday. But on the positive side, Thanksgiving day was a great day for sightseeing without the crowds!	
Nov 2 2007	Perfect location-beautiful historic and very comfortable	We stayed two nights at the Warwick March 24-26, 2007. We asked for and received a free upgrade to a deluxe room.It was spacious, clean and comfortable. The furniture and room finish materials were beautiful and the staff was very helpful and courteous. We walked to the theatre and New York highlights (Carnegie Hall, Empire State Building, and south to Ground Zero).The hotel restaurant had a reasonable pre-theatre three course meal and helped to get us out on time. I would highly recommend this historic hotel to fans of bed and breakfasts and inns. It had modern conveniences with a historic feel.	
Oct 27 2007 	Not worth the price...	Yes this hotel is in the best location, but so are hundreds other hotels in midtown Manhattan. For $400 a night this place is not worth the money. My husband and I stayed here for a night to attend a show at the Carnegie Hall. The hotel is okay, don't expect anything fancy. The elevator only fit 4 people at most. The restaurant is soooo expensive, I suggest going a few blocks dine at the local cafe. The lobby is tiny alon with the bathroom, even the suites have small BR. Remeber, this is an old building, so everything is pretty much like that....old. Shop around for a better deal.	
Oct 9 2007 	Not as bad as I'd expected	I'd read some pretty scary things about the Warwick on this site - saying elevators were too slow and small (false), the wifi internet was very slow (also false) and rooms had scratched furniture and dated furnishings (true). Overall, my 9 day stay was ok, although I found the room small and claustrophobic (especially the 2 days when they covered windows with plastic to do work on the façade). Receptionists seem a bit impatient at times, but all other staff (at bkfst and chambermaids) were very nice and balanced it out. If you get a good rate - anything around 300 bucks - this hotel is a good deal, but rooms are definitely not worth any more than that.	
Oct 5 2007 	Perfect location clean and friendly staff	I searched for hours trying to find the perfect hotel. Im 22 and went for a trip with my boyfriend. We both thought the hotel was in one of the best locations ever!The rooms were spacious, clean and the hotel staff were really friendly.The bathroom was really small but at the same time really clean and a huge bathroom is not needed! Marble madei t that extra bit better.The only thing i would say is that the heating wasn't working-maybe they switch it off in summer????However,it wasn't cold during August so that didn't affect us too much.It was quiet and you couldn't hear anything from your own room.Overall, definitely stay here again! Recommend it to anyone!!!	
Oct 3 2007	Great location	Have just returned from 4 nights at the Warwick. We were upgraded as we arrived and the room was big with a kingsized bed and nice decor. Great location only one block from nearest metro and most tourist attractions within walking distance. Loved NY, went to see the METS which was great and saw Avenue Q also v good and ate in some great restaurants. If you like ribs go to brother Jimmys on West 83rd friendly locals restaurant with the best ribs ever. If going to NY for first time definitely do the bus tours but avoid the horse and carriage ride its a total rip off!Would definitely return to the Warwick	
Oct 2 2007 	Excellent Location	My husband and I stayed at the Warwick Hotel for one night after our cruise. The location was great. Only 2 1/2 blocks to subway station, one block to 5th ave, and a couple of blocks to the rockafeller center. The room was huge and clean. It had a huge walk-in closets and a mini bar area. However, there are a couple things that they can update, such as the window curtain in the room and the carpet. They were quite dirty. The staff was very courteous and polite. I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Sep 25 2007 	Warwick Not As Good	We've stayed at the Warwick four times over the past several years. At first, we would get very nicely sized, immaculate rooms. Lately though, the price has skyrocketed and the room quality has deteriorated. I'd still recommend a stay at the Warwick, but for $300-400 a night, there might be better options.We stayed at the Warwick this last time for a nice weekend visit to New York. Of particular note, the desk staff were not particularly friendly, which is a change. They may have new staff. I did hear several people complaining at the desk about various things. Last item of note, the maid was not very thorough with cleaning the room every day. Location is great if you want to visit the touristy stuff in mid-town. There is a lot of construction going on in the neighborhood, including to the facade of the Warwick. We stayed over the weekend, so we did not hear any noise.	
Sep 22 2007 	Not bad good location.	My husband and I stayed here in April for a weekend getaway. It was a decent place, and as we were going to be going to MOMA, the location was perfect. The price was about average for the area, and the room was fairly decent. Bathroom was smaller than even NY standards. All in all, the room was good, but I'm sure for the price we paid, a better place could be found.	
Sep 17 2007 	Loved it!	Two of us stayed at theWarwick for eight nights in late August/early September and we both loved it! The staff are really friendly, the room was great and the location was just perfect. There was not one thing that we didn't like, room, bathroom, bed and facilities were all great.Fifth Avenue is a block away, MoMA is across the road, it's so hard to find fault. The staff were all great and very helpful in recommending bars, restaurants etc. If we ever go back to NY, we're definitely staying here again. Top class!!!	
Sep 15 2007 	OK for a 3 star hotel	Syayed at the Warwick for 3 nights early Sep. with my daughter. The hotel is a solid 3 star hotel. The beds were, however, extremely comfortable. The carpet was not very clean,and the wood all seems to be a bit worn, but it was clean. DO NOT use the wireless internet that is available for purchase at 12$/day, it was extremely slow!! The hotel location is excellent, and the staff are polite and very accomodating. I would stay here again.	
Sep 14 2007 	Not quite	I was psyched to get a $320 rate for the Warwick--I'm still looking for my favorite NYC hotel. And hey, it's got a cool history and a knockout location. The staff was also top-notch. Unfortunately, the rooms were not. Room #1: not the king bed I requested, and all beat to hell (carpet stains, damaged furniture, ceiling stain). I NEVER complain in hotels, but I this time I had really high hopes so I moved into a smaller, non-view room #2 for the night (that REEKED of cologne), with an apology and an assurance to be moved the next day. Also, mildew on the shower curtain. The next day, I came back at 3 and had to wait until 4 for room #3. Awesome size, great layout, windows on two walls, REEKED of smoke--and I am NOT one of those self-righteous ex-smokers! Room #4- nice and all, but not a knockout.This is no 4 star hotel. It's an average 3 with some not great rooms (they say &quot;spacious&quot; not by a long shot). Not dirty and nasty, but not 4 star rooms. The restaurant, Murals on 54, was nice--amazing octopus carpaccio and overall it was a &quot;nice&quot; hotel, but not nice enough.The user photos are very representative of the standard rooms. The &quot;official&quot; photos are all of suites, some of which I hear are amazing.	
Sep 10 2007 	Great location would stay again	Stayed at the warwick for 2 nights and found the staff excellent and helpful. Upon arrival We were upgraded to a very spacious deluxe room with great views over 6th Avenue.The hotel is ideally situated for exploring manhatten and we will definitely stay again.	
Sep 6 2007	Perfect!! 10 out of 10	Just returned back from a week's honeymoon in new york staying at the Warwick Hotel on 54th and 6th Avenue. I read nearly every review before booking after booking and cancelling 2 hotels previously because of bad reviews (Milford Plaza and Radisson). Booked directly with the hotel 3 months in advance and got a good rate for the 7 night stay. Arrived at the hotel at lunchtime which was too early for checking in, told the guy on reception that we were there on honeymoon and asked if an upgrade was possible. He made sure we could check in straight away and also upgraded us to an Executive king room in a great spot overlooking 6th avenue (Room 1720). The room was outstanding!! It was huge with a massive bed, seating area, mini bar, walk in wardrobe, desk, marble bathroom, separate area with fridge and sink and great air conditioning. We had views down 6th avenue also. Great location on 54th street as central park is a 5 minute walk uptown and times square is about 10 minutes walk downtown. 5th avenue is just around the corner. We did and saw everything in the 8 days we were there. Highlights that i would recommend apart from the usual are Niagara Falls day trip, helicopter trip, carriage ride through central park and dinner at TAO. One bad point to bear in mind is when we ate it the hotel bar, my wife's chicken was raw!!	
Sep 4 2007 	Just Great - Comfortable Old Hotel	The Warwick is just fine. However, as in all old New York Hotels, the rooms are not uniform, so my very good stay (quiet, clean room, 30th floor) could have been changed by having a different room.I can tell you that for 300 dollars (which was around the minimum for a hotel in NYC this summer) you'd be hard pressed to find better.I was adjacent to the brick wall (which, while maybe 30 feet away, indeed blocks all light of day!), and I think it was likely the reason I heard no street noise at all. The AC worked fine, was not terribly loud, and the towels and bed were quite nice. The TV was, oddly, an older 20 inch model, but it worked very well.I have stayed in a number of Hotels higher on the ranking list in tripadvisor, and none in this price range have had the location or quality of this one.I think some others (the Belvedere comes to mind) benefit from lowered expectations. They are well-run two to three stars, but at the end of the day, the Warwick has nicer rooms, is in a better location, and is only in this price range until they redo the Hotel, at which point I will not be able to afford it.	
Sep 2 2007 	Perfect stay!!	Me and my girlfriend stayed at the Warwick for 3 nights from Aug 29 - Sept 1 and loved it! We booked directly through the hotel and requested a quiet room away from elevators and ice machines, on the highest floor available, with a view of 6th. As it turned out, in our experience, it was worth paying the bit extra and booking through the hotel because we recieved a newly renovated, corner, deluxe room (#1809). The room was bigger than expected, even knowing that the Warwick has above average rooms for NYC. We had a beautiful king size bed, a separate sitting area, about a 30&quot; flat screen t.v and marble bathroom. The bathroom, while not exceedingly large by any means, was beautiful and spotless. Our room also had good views of 6th and surrounding buildings. As most have stated the location is perfect. Advice for new travelers to NY: take the subway as little as possible. It's confusing! Times Square is only a ten minute walk, 5th is right there, the entrance is central park is on 59th (Warwick is on 54th) so only a five minute walk. For us the only places that really required subways were the Empire State and Museum of Natural History. We arrived early and were allowed to check our luggage. When we checked out we were also allowed to leave our luggage with the hotel until our flight. When we went there were two bellman working though and at times it did take a while to check our luggage in and get it back. The elevators are small, but we never had to wait longer than a minute for one and they did not seem too slow to us. Perhaps one other negative is that we could easily hear doors banging shut from neighbouring doors so it was sometimes a touch noisy in the mornings. But there was little to no noise from the streets or people themselves. Overall our stay was above what we expected and we highly recommend this hotel.More advice for first timers: Try the Delicatessen Stage Deli on 7th Avenue. Many stars have eaten there and the food is awesome!! Sets you back about $25 a person.	
Aug 28 2007 	A very nice choice	Stayed here overnight for a quick trip into the city and we were very happy with our choice. Easily reached by driving. They allowed us to check in early. The room was SPOTLESSLY clean and if the weather had been better we would have had a beautiful view of Central Park straight down the avenue. Even with a deluxe room the bathroom is small but very nicely appointed and with top end products. Ideally located for almost anything you would like to do in NYC. Be aware, this is a hotel from a bygone era and the elevators are small, slow, and few but if you want charm, this comes with it. If you want a fast elevators stay in one of the new box hotels. Also, this is not a five star hotel (but not for lack of trying) so it won't have some of the &quot;fluff&quot; you associate with a five star, for us on such a short stay it wasn't missed.	
Aug 24 2007 	Don't stay here	We stayed at the Warwick hotel from August 15-19. There were constant lines at the counter to check-in and check-out, with often people complaining about something. Even though we checked in early and left our luggage with the concierge, our rooms were still not ready at 6:30 pm later that evening. When we did get our rooms, they were not adjoining as requested and dirty, especially the curtains which had black soot on them. After complaining, we were given adjoining rooms the next day right in front of the elevators, which were noisy. In addition, during the last two nights, there was a horrible smoke smell entering one of our rooms, probably from the room below. The bathrooms are small, the views are of other taller buildings right across the street and this was for about $300 per room. I will never stay there again. The only good thing was the location.	
Aug 24 2007 	Shabby elegance	Well, it's not the Peninsula, or the St. Regis, but then again I don't require that kind of ostentatious environment. The staff is courteous and accomodating. The food in both restaurants (Murals on 54th and Randolph's) is very good without that frou-frou quality of so many New York restaurants. Randolph's Bar is comfy and fun, with leather chairs and sofas to relax in and enjoy a well poured drink. The waiters there were wonderful, remembering us and our drink choices after just one night. The rooms are spacious and spotless. The bathroom was especially clean. The bed in our room was queen size and very comfortable. We even had a faux fireplace in our room! The furnishings and other appointments are a little shabby, but that is easy to overlook given the room size. It's definitely an atmosphere from the 30's or 40's, but not in a detrimental way. I will definitely stay at the Warwick again.	
Aug 19 2007 	Good Location	We had a good size room with the largest bed I have ever slept in! The hotel had a good central location and we were within walking distance of many sights. The only down point of this hotel was breakfast which was really over priced. There are plenty of other places to eat around though so I would suggest to venture out of the hotel.	
Aug 18 2007 	Chose another option	Expensive hotel. The staff was... the staff do not know how are the hotel rooms... so they gave us a room near a BIG aircondition machine (out of the room, but too noisy!).Avoid this hotel!!!	
Aug 6 2007	Tops in All Categories	After being booked to stay here for a business trip and reading the one bad review here, I got a little worried and thought about canceling the reservation to stay elsewhere.I'm glad I didn't. The Warwick was perfect. After staying in lots of hotels, I've noticed that the attitude of the front desk staff is often a reflection of the general state of operations. The staff here seemed genuinely pleased that I was there. Instead of sullen cafeteria-lady types, here were cordial professional people who smiled when they greeted me.When I checked in, I inquired about a AAA discount; it was too late for that, but the polite young man at the front desk offered to upgrade me to a suite (1603) at no charge.I was delighted with the suite. I'm sure there are larger suites elsewhere (though probably not in Manhattan), but this was more than adequate, and the decor and appointments were very nicely done. Not the soul-deadening sea of beige you see in so many places, but a tastefully upscale mix of whites and florals. The bathroom was 100% marble and spotless. There was even an extra sink, near the entrance foyer. Two TVs, of course--one in each room.I loved it that both windows faced the windowless brick wall of an adjacent building, with only a narrow vehicle-free alley between. Not a great view, of course--but I did not hear one single siren or honking cab or anything else. And in midtown Manhattan, that's saying something. I slept like a baby. A drunk one.The A/C was great. No problems. And I have to have A/C.Let me note that the suite was impeccably clean. I have no idea where Bobby Bedbug of the afoermentioned review contracted his unfortunate affliction. But I'd be very surprised if it was at the Warwick.The bed was had a soft downy topper thing that you just sink into. The only complaint I could come up with was that the safe had been locked shut by the previous guest. But at least the Warwick has an in-room safe, unlike the Millennium UN Plaza.And the morning newspaper was The New York Times! Bravo!Overall I would say that the Warwick seemed a bit more posh than even the Waldorf, where I also recently stayed. The Waldorf was very nice, of course--but that beige everywhere just made it seem a little less spiffy than the Warwick.My employer paid $300 (plus more than $40 in taxes) for my stay here. But they booked at the last minute.	
Jul 27 2007	Great Location and Ok Rates for the Big City	I have to say you can walk or get to any tourist destinations in a heartbeat! The room was small but not as small as a lot of the ones we stayed in NYC. The staff was polite and easy and I couldn't beat the price in the city.	
Jul 23 2007 	Great location great hotel	Just got back from a 10-day stay in New York City at the Warwick Hotel. I highly recommend this hotel. The price is as reasonable as it gets in NYC, the local is fabulous - within walking distance of almost all main attractions - tons of restaurants around there in every price range - all good. Our purpose was to see the Ring of the Niebelung over two weekends at the Met - we had been worried about getting back late at night after the opera but found it was absolutely no problem to walk - it's not far and even around midnight the streets are full of people, businesses are open and we felt quite safe. The hotel is, as others have noted, older but the rooms are quite nice - spacious and comfortable. Great beds, great pillows. The room was very quiet. The hotel is well maintained, clean &amp; we felt absolutely safe the whole time. We had a little safe in our room for our valuables. Staff are friendly and helpful. Prompt service from housekeeping when we asked for an extra luggage rack and hangers and when our toilet overflowed they were there immediately to fix it. The restaurant only seems to be open for breakfast but decent meals are served in the bar, which is quite nice.	
Jul 14 2007 	Position Position Position	We stayed at the Warwick for 4 nights and really enjoyed our stay.The rooms are not big but have evertything you require.We used their restaurant for breakfast only, which was excellent for a buffet.The staff were friendly and helpful for tours etc.The location is perfect on the 6th avenue,close to Central park, Times Sq,and Broadway.One downside was the shower, which was hard to use and not strong.Would recommend.	
Jul 1 2007 	Favorite NY Hotel	I think The Warwick is lovely -- it has a vintage feel but it's well maintained. It's very reasonable (I thought it'd be much worse for the price) and has very large, comfortable rooms for Manhattan. It's In a great area right on a busy corner, within walking distance to theatre, restaurants, shopping, and of course Starbucks -- a lovely lobby and friendly staff. Great bar with overstuffed leather chairs and dark wood -- classy and old school. I love it here and feel like it's an undiscovered treasure.	
Jun 28 2007 	Great Value!!!	As NYC hotels go, this one (under $300 a night) has good value - great location, reasonably nice rooms, access to fine bar and restaurant, and friendly staff. The place is dated and somewhat worn but the staff gave us an upgrade upon arrival (all I did was complain about our plane trip)...Noisy air conditioners kept us up during the night but it's better than sweating. No concierge - the bellboys will call for reservations but all they do is look in a book (we could do that). Some of the times they give out wrong info like hours for ticket booths at Times Square, parade times, etc.. Not that informed... so don't rely on their info...We stayed three days and were comfortable; we might be back!!!	
Jun 19 2007 	Don't let the bed bugs bite!	I stayed at The Warwick earlier this year, my third time in New York.Well, let's start with the positives . . . great location, two restaurants to choose from - one of which has a great bar menu, friendly staff and a buzzy atmospehere. The room we stayed in was large, good storage space, nice marble bathroom, towels, toiletries, TV etc.The negatives . . . unfortunately after staying one night at The Warwick I came out in what I thought was a rash, after night two even more red lumps and bumps and by night three I was covered in calamine lotion and a just a bit worried. Upon return to the UK a friend shrieked &quot;I had those at University - urrggghhh bed bugs - they had to burn my bed!&quot; A GP then confirmed it.So although I think some of the reviews and photos on this site are accurate, I won't be going back. If you do stay here and experience what I did, I can recommend a Duane Reade chemist just a minute's walk from the hotel :-)	
Jun 18 2007 	Pros and cons	Stayed for a long weekend-June 14-18, 2007.Pros: GREAT location (walking distance to everything), quiet, friendly, good shower, good housekeepingCons: room shabby (carpet/paint), 13&quot; TV, small elevators, no concierge(bellman do that job), blew fuses with hairdryer.	
Jun 12 2007 	A Perfect 25th Anniversary Thanks to the Warwick!	My husband and I decided to celebrate our 25th Wedding Anniversary in NYC. After much research, we decided to stay at the Warwick Hotel. We obtained great phone service and email service response when arranging and a very good rate directly with the Warwick. Upon arrival late in the evening, they were very warm and welcoming, even though it was after midnight. Then they surprised us by upgrading us to an Executive Room. The room was beautiful; so wonderfully large, quiet and impressive. A nice note and plate of delicious cookies enhanced the welcome.This started our vacation on a very positive note and continued all the way until we left. The location is perfect. Noise did not even bother us. We had the air conditioning on because of the hot weather, and being from San Francisco, we slept so well and it was very quiet for us City folks! It was quieter than our home!Everyone greeted us, Randolph's Bar was warm and cozy and great drinks. NYC and the Warwick gave us a trip to always remember!Note to the Warwick: May want to change the music in Randolph's to some of the famous jazz from NYC for an even more inviting atmosphere.We cannot wait to return and we will ALWAYS stay at the Warwick! Thank you so very much!	
Jun 11 2007	Good Hotel but in Summer...	This is an historic hotel. Great location. As of my stay, the entrance (on W.54 St.) and attached corner bar (with its own entrance on 6th Ave.) are under scaffolding. Valet parking is $40/day with no in/out privileges. The standard room is an interior type with one window which looks out into an air shaft. The TV is a nothing-special 19&quot; tube model. I gues because the building is so old, it's no place for someone who can't take the heat in the summer. The room needed to have the A/C on pretty much full blast to keep it sufficiently cool. This makes the room noisy. The hallways and elevators didn't seem to be air conditioned at all. This makes me put this hotel on the &quot;would not return&quot; list - unless I got an unbelievable bargain. Shower/tub water pressure / hot water were excellent.	
Jun 10 2007 	Great experience at the Warwick	My wife and I stayed at the Warwick for three nights this past week. As many others have noted, the location (54th and 6th) is unbeatable. In addition, for us, the price was right. The staff was attentive and polite. We had a deluxe, oversized room with a king bed. The room was spacious, clean and comfortable. The bed and pillows were very comfortable. Contrary to some complaints on this web site, we found everything in good shape -- no peeling wallpaper or faded curtains or bedspreads. Our only complaint was the noise. We were on the 16th floor near the corner of 54th and 6th and heard too much street noise. Also, as with many older hotels, the walls are thin, so we heard hall noise and the elevator dinging.Overall, a great experience. We would stay at the Warwick again and highly recommend the hotel to others.	
Jun 1 2007 	Decent Mid-Town Hotel	As many have noted, the mid-town location is very convenient to Broadway shows (about a 10 minute walk) and all of the top restaurants. The deluxe room facing 6th Avenue was surprisingly quiet, with the exception of the occasional sirens that penetrated the double pane glass.I was a little surprised at the 19&quot; television set in the room. Seemed a little outdated in this age of wide screen plasmas. But, what the heck, who comes to NYC to watch television anyway? The paper at the door is a nice touch each morning. Just wish they had a coffemaker in the room! All -in-all, a good value at a price range of about $300 per night.	
May 29 2007 	Fine hotel for NYC	Stayed here for a few nights due a conference being held at the hotel. Overall, the hotel was nice but a bit worn as others have commented. Check in was fine and workers appeared to be nice but did not have much interaction with them either.Fitness room was very small - just a few machines. Of course, it is an older hotel in NYC so that is to be expected. It is in a good location and within walking distance to many sights. I think this hotel would be fine for most tourist purposes but would not pay an extreme amount for it.	
May 29 2007 	Great hotel great location	This is a fantastic hotel in a fantastic location, couldn't get better really.All tourist attraction/museums are within walking distance, or a very quick subway/taxi ride away. And with Central Park only a five min jog away, you couldn't ask for more!The hotel facilities were good. There is a bar downstairs, restaurant and a business centre with free Internet access.When visiting New York again, I would definitely look to stay in this hotel again.	
May 28 2007 	Great Location	We booked our hotel through the National Trust for Historic Preservation as this is a historic hotel. The location of the hotel is excellent. It is literally right around the corner from the MoMA, Radio City Music Hall and just a few minutes from Times Square and Central Park.The hotel staff was friendly and easy to deal with for the two days that we stayed there. The room was quite and large but there was no view to speak of as we were located near a space between the buildings. The room could do with an update as it was a little rough around the edges, but considering the price we paid and the location of the hotel we were very satisfied.	
May 22 2007 	Great experience	I am pleased to say that I loved this hotel. I enjoyed the service, the location, the room size, the room decor, the amenities, etc. The bedding and the bathroom were particularly impressive. Given the reasonable price (for New York), I cannot imagine finding a better value for a hotel.	
May 17 2007 	Great location so-so service	I recently stayed at the Warwick for one night, traveling on business. Upon arrival, the check-in was a bit disorganized. Our assistant had booked each of us king rooms, non-smoking, with a preference for a high floor. Imagine my surprise when my 6th floor room was outfitted with two double beds, and it overlooked the street, meaning plenty of street noise.... I returned to the lobby to ask for a different room, and the desk clerk kept telling me that I had been &quot;upgraded.&quot; Finally, I thanked her for the generous upgrade, and asked to be &quot;downgraded&quot; to a king, non-smoking room on a high floor. She finally relented and reassigned the room. The room itself was spacious by New York standards, and it was spotlessly clean. As I was leaving, there appeared to be some problem with the elevators. Although my service was speedy, colleagues on lower floors reported wait times of up to 10 minutes, and some took the service elevator out of frustration. The check-out was very quick and efficient, although it was the same staff who had checked us in the night before. Not a great value at the rate our company paid, but I suspect that better deals are to be had, and the Midtown location is hard to beat.	
May 17 2007	Great hotel	We stayed at the Warwick from the 8th of May to the 14th of May, it is a great hotel and ideally situated. It is right near Times Square and in easy reach of other popular tourist spots. We will definatly go there again.	
May 4 2007	LOVED IT!!!	The Warwick Hotel has absolutely everything you want at a reasonable price. The service (especially at the hotel bar) was second to none. Our standard room was large with a nice view and a lovely big queen sized bed. We went on my birthday and there was champagne on ice in the room when we arrived. The best things about this hotel were the staff, the hotel bar and its absolutely outstanding location, near to 5th Avenue, Central Park, Times Square. We loved it. No complaints. Highly Recommended.	
May 3 2007 	Fab location	I stayed at this hotel with 3 friends from 20th to 23rd of April 2007. The hotel location, just off 5th Avenue means your are close to Central Park, great shops, on the doorstep of the Museum of Modern Art, with subways connections close at hand for travelling around NY. The hotel is quite plush, old fashioned, spotlessly clean and staff are very friendly. Our one gripe was that the rooms we were in, 605 and 606 had no natural light from the windows due to the proximity and height of the adjoining buildings, but we were in the rooms so little it did not really matter. Check in and check out was swift. We did not use the bar or restaurant. We had breakfast at the stage diner twice- listed in one of the guide books provided in the hotel room - a block or 2 from the hotel, authentic NY food and staff, well worth the visit. I would definetly recommend this hotel.	
Apr 28 2007 	Fantastic!!!!!!	I have just returned from a 4 night stay at the Warwick and can only say how impressed I was with everything from the greeting and help we received at the reception desk when we first arrived to the excellent service every time we used either the bar or restaurant.We were given the option of either king-sized or double room and although the view wasn't the best the room itself was great,spacious,clean and well presented.The location is without doubt one of the best in New York being only 1 block from some great shopping on 5th avenue and only 5 minutes walk from both Time Square and Central Park.Overall we have had a fantastic stay in New York and the Warwick played a major part in this.I would definitely recommend this hotel to anybody who wants to visit New York.	
Apr 26 2007 	Fabulous Location	My wife and I stayed there from April 20/07-22/07 to celebrate our birthdays. We stayed in a very nicely appointed cityview room (#1010) complete with a soft King bed, down duvet and a nice marble bath. The view from the room onto 6th Avenue was partially obstructed by another part of the building, however the room was very surprisingly quiet !!It is a fabulous location, very close (easily within walking distance) to the Park, 5th Avenue shopping and directly across from the MOMA.If you prefer a hotel with loads of character and charm, this is definately the place for you. If you desire a sleek, modern boutique hotel then I would recommend staying at one of the W's in Manhattan (we have stayed at the W NY at 49th &amp; Lexington). The only caveat is that you will spend substantially more on a room at the W that will be half the size of those at The Warwick.To summarize, we would definately return to The Warwick for another weekend getaway and highly recommend it to others.	
Apr 2 2007 	Ok location dated decor and terrible service	We stayed at this hotel last December and it was the wrong choice. The location is fine and the room is clean but service was appalling and the hotel itself needs a major renovation. Checking in was a nightmare and we had to return to the hotel twice and pay additional amount to upgrade to an &quot;executive room&quot; before a room was available. There was a long queue at check in all the way to the outside of the entrance and this is the last thing I needed after a long journey. Decor is extremely dated and worn out. Service at the front desk is very poor. We were offered a &quot;late check out&quot; at 1pm but got a call from a rude receptionist at 12pm asking us to leave our room. We complained to the hotel manager but nothing was done. There was no porter (door man refused to help with luggage) and door man was unhelpful when getting luggage into taxis. Overall extremely poor - avoid this hotel if you can.	
Mar 26 2007 	Didn`t want to leave the wonderful Warwick.	Just got back from a wonderful 5 day stay at the Warwick. Couldn`t have been better and I`ve stayed in some great hotels around the world. Booked for my husbands birthday and we were upgraded to room 616 The Warwick Suite. Hallway, big lounge with three large windows, on the corner, giving a view right down 6th avenue and across 54th street. Huge bedroom . TV`s in both rooms. The bedroom also had a large window and cupboards everywhere.Perfect location. Easy to walk everywhere and the bar was very lively, with a great atmosphere.Staff were brilliant - friendly and polite. We had trouble with our phone charger and help arrived immediately - problem turned out to be with our charger, but the hotel sent up alternatives and even when we gave up, Frank, who`d come to help, practically ran away rather than accept a tip for all of his help. Then another staff member popped up 5 minutes later, to see if he could do anything. He even offered to send the doorman off in search of another charger. Absolutely charming. They also let my husband check his emails in their office for no charge. as the surprise birthday visit meant that he hadn`t brought his laptop. The whole stay went completely smoothly, in large part, thanks to the hotel Never want to stay anywhere else in New York..	
Mar 17 2007	Excellent Locale	We spent five nights there three years ago. Everything was tops. The service was excellent, the rooms were very nice, bathrooms convenient, and the location cannot be beat. It's close to everything! It's a typical New York Hotel. We liked the ambience and the fact that it wasn't huge and crowded.	
Mar 12 2007 	good location nice hotel	I've stayed at the Warwick a few times on business - nice marble bathrooms, comfortable beds, good size rooms (the three that I have had) and great location if you want to be near theaters, central park, 5th avenue etc. Nothing over the top, but very dependable. And I made it to Union Square in about ten minutes door to door on the subway which is a block up on 55th and over towards 7th ave. They charge for wifi, but you can always go to starbucks or to the library around the corner. Only bad experience was the food I had at lunch at the restaurant in the hotel, but there are plenty of places around to eat, so wouldn't hold this against the hotel.	
Mar 2 2007 	Great location good value	Stayed one night on business last summer (June 2006). Nice neighborhood. Short walk to the Park. Covenient to business and theatres. Fine service, but not 'snooty'.	
Feb 19 2007 	Great Hotel in a Great Location	Normally I prefer modern hotels and do not enjoy &quot;classic&quot; boutiques. That being said, this hotel is different. It has history and ambience while still offering modern amenities and service. The food from the room service menu is excellent and the bathroom spotless. The bed is like what you would get in a Westin - very soft and all white bedding. The TV's are tiny but the rooms are HUGE! The location is the best you can get. The staff was at times indifferent and there is no concierge to help you with reservations or recommendations. Other than that, I would stay here again.	
Feb 16 2007 	Excellent	My Wife and I have just returned from our first visit to New York. We chose this hotel as usual based on the feedback from Trip Advisor.HOTEL. Very nice. We would normally go for the more modern business type hotel but found this one very comfortable and very clean, (bathroom was spotless and kept this way by the staff during our visit). The hotel also has nice history with it.LOCATION. Excellent, within walking distance to everything in midtown including Bloomingdales, Times Square, Central Park, Macey's, Tiffany's, Saks etc, and when you go to downtown the subway is just around the corner.BAR AREA. it had a nice bar area that we sat in one evening looking out over 6th Avenue having a beer while it snowed very hard outside, it was very cozy and had a nice atmosphere with good service.FOOD. We booked in for Valentines evening meal as the French restaurant that I had booked was to far to go in the snow. Unfortunately the experience wasn't great. We had booked it in the afternoon and was told that there were 2 menu's, the Valentine and standard which we prefered. That evening only the Valentine was available but to be fair they did say that they would do something off the normal menu for us but it did take well over an hour to arrive. The quality of the food that we had was good. A few other people had complained about a few different things however I think that our experience wouldn't be the norm.THE PEOPLE OF NEW YORK. It's a large city, packed with people 24 hours a day going about their business, however we found the people very nice. Each time we stopped to look a map someone stopped and asked if they could help. The subway (underground to us English) was very safe and so easy to get around. (take note Ken Livingstone on how public transport should be done!!)OVERALL. We would both recommend the hotel good value and very comfortable and the city....Fantastic place.	
Feb 5 2007 	Unparalled location!	We were staying NY for a week so I wanted a place convenient andcomfortable. The room was quiet, although it had no view, and even though rather small was adequate. The hotel itself is very clean and tastefully decorated. The staff were helpful when asked and the location is great for shopping,restaurants, museums, grabbing a cab or the subway. I would certainly stay here again.	
Jan 23 2007 	comfortable good location	we stayed for 4 nights for a museum trip. rate was $235 plus taxes/fees. this may have been a group rate since our group booked 12 rooms. room was two double beds with comfortable sheets and comforter. bathroom was small but this is new york. water pressure excellent. towels big and comfortable. wife had some problems with keycard. this was mentioned in previous reviews. wifi internet is $12 for 24 hours and ROOM Specific. cannot go between your room and lobby or bar. had to have staff call wayport to get a coupon so that i would not have to pay again. near MOMA, Rockefeller Center, shopping.Have stayed at Times Square. Warwick is definitely a better location.Would definitely consider staying here again	
Jan 21 2007 	Very Pleased by the Warwick	Surprised my husband with tickets to a show for Christmas. I booked the Warwick after reading many reviews for many different hotels (mainly 4 star). I had read that the Warwick was clean. That was a priority, as well as finding a reasonably priced room. I booked the Warwick online at a rate of $230 +tax. We had the option of choosing smoking, non-smoking, etc. We requested a quiet room.I called to confirm the reservation the night before. I was told that our room with a king size bed had been upgraded to a suite with two doubles. I let them know we appreciated the upgrade, but would prefer a king to the two doubles. When we arrived I expected to be in a standard room with a king. They adjusted the upgrade to keep the suite and include the king. The room was clean, beautiful and quiet. We had a wonderful escape weekend. Our only complaint were the keycards were difficult to use. It took us many tries each time we entered the suite. When we were checking out another party was asking security to help them with their keycard.	
Jan 16 2007	Perfect New York experience	We spent several days at the Warwick the middle of December. The location couldn't be better, we could walk to most places which enhanced our enjoyment of the Christmas decorations. The hotel has a wonderful old-world feel, and the staff was very kind and helpful. Our room was large and beautifully decorated. We have stayed here before and I would highly recommend it. The bar is convenient and it is fun to sit by the window and watch New York walk by!	
Dec 19 2006 	Not What it Use To Be....	Having stayed at the Warwick before, I was excited when I was able to secure a reasonable rate, especially during the busy holiday season in NYC. You can not beat the location of this grand old hotel - Radio City, 5th Ave, Television Museum and MOMA are all within walking and it is relatively easy to get to Penn Station and Grand Central.However, the bathroom in our room required that you sit &quot;side saddle&quot; on the toliet. The night we were there, we had no water in our room, and the staff was slow to respond to bring up bottled water so that we could brush our teeth. The problem was resolved by morning, but made our one-night stay uncomfortable. On the up side, the room was large, quiet and comfortable.While the staff at the Warwirck remains one of the best in NYC, I noticed that the overall clientele has slipped from being a more &quot;distinguished European visitor&quot; to the more casual US traveler. Thus the hotel to me has lost some of it's more &quot;upscale&quot; appeal.If you go there is a great Italian restaurant up on 58th, &quot;Nino's,&quot; and also up 6th a couple of block is a cigar bar, and a little place for a quick, reasonable breakfast. Service in the bar at the Warwick was slow and only half of what we ordered came.All in all, not the worst place to stay for this price range, but when I am back in NYC in two weeks, I'll be staying elsewhere.	
Dec 16 2006 	I LOVED the Warwich NYC	We came to NYC on Dec 11/12 2006 and stayed at the Warwick. I have to say that I was impressed. The room was very nice, bed very comfortable. The staff were all so very nice. I loved the doorman...I thought he was the man!!! The only complaint was that in December the temp outside was like 50 degrees and even with the heat off in the hotel room it was very hot. But we just cracked the window and all was fine. The Warwick is located close to everything we wanted to see. It is walking distance to Rockefeller Square, Radio City, St. Patrics Catherdral and also to Time Square. We had a fabulouse time in NYC and staying at the Warwick NYC contributed to it. We will definetly stay there again!!	
Dec 8 2006 	Very Solid Hotel	After a disastrous experience at the Essex House, I moved over to the Warwick. What a difference! Instead of being rude and condescending like they were at Essex House, the staff went out of their way to be friendly and accommodating. The room was bigger than at the Essex House and less expensive. All in all, a very pleasant experience. Highly recommended	
Dec 5 2006	Great Location	I stayed here for a conference in mid-November. Like prior reviews - the room was quite warm and stuffy. Makes for difficult sleeping especially when it's 60 degrees outside. The location of the hotel is wonderful. Within walking distance of Central Park, Fifth Avenue Shopping, Rockerfeller Center, NBC Studioes, St. Patrick Cathedral and Time Square. I made my reservations several months in advance of my stay and did not receive the king bed requested nor a view but was not really a big deal since I didn't spend too much time in my room. I was disappointed that there was no coffee maker in the room. For the discounted price of $395/night the least you could have is a little bit of coffee. The hotel was not very knowledgeable in area restaurants nor in giving accurate directions. You may want to rely on a map of the area instead.	
Dec 2 2006 	Nice Hotel	We had a lovely room, nice bed and bathroom, we paid for the deluxe room as it was supposed to have a view, we also requested a nice view over the city, but were disappointed as we had a view of the adjacent rooms 10m away. The room was very warm, but you couldn't make the room cooler even with the heating set to cool. You might appreciate this in the cold, but we had a warm spell and it was uncomfortable.From the descriptions given from the hotel, we don't think that this was a fair description and worth the extra money. The other thing we were disappointed with was the fact that there were no tea/coffee making facilities in the room. This could be ordered through room service but at a price !!!!	
Nov 21 2006 	we always love returning to the Warwick. The location is absolutely perfect .	You will not be disappointed if you stay at the Warwick Hotel. It has an old fashioned feel.....the rooms are very comfortable....and the whole ambience is superb. The location is so convenient to all the great spots. When we arrive at the Warwick.....we feel we have come home..	
Nov 16 2006 	Generally a good deal but don't expect too much	We stay here at least once a year because it affiliated with the National Trust for Historical Preservation (as is the Waldorf), and offers discounts to members. Suites are often a good deal, although some look out onto the side of the adjacent building and are very, very dark, but quiet. The location is a plus -- but getting to Lincoln Center can be difficult if the weather is bad and cabs are scarce. The subway connection is roundabout. Helpfulness of the staff is unpredictable, tending toward the uncooperative. Don't expect any extra effort; be grateful for a little courtesy. This is not the Four Seasons, after all.	
Nov 6 2006	Classy Old Hotel	My stay at the Warwick was pleasent. It's a good location and the hotel has some great history. I was in a basic 2-bed double room, but it was a good size for New York and the bathroom was well-stocekd. I'd stay here again, as long as I wasn't paying myself.	
Oct 25 2006 	Unique hotel with a great location	I stayed in the Warwick last year right before Christmas. The hotel was close to all of the major Christmas sights and all of the great shopping. We were able to walk to everything. One word of caution is that the rooms greatly differ in size. There were nine females in my group and we booked three rooms all on the same floor. The first room was rather large with a balcony to boot, the middle room could have fit in the first rooms sitting area, and the last room had the smallest bathroom but was a decent size. One other thing is that the wait for the elevators can be long but if you go around the corner you can use the larger service elevators and no one seems to mind. All of these issues are attributed to the hotels past. I simply like to see them as unique quirks. Overall the hotel was very clean, the staff was very helpful, and the midtown location is perfect. I would definately stay there again.	
Oct 23 2006 	Hotel a bit faded but (mostly) terrific service	We stayed at the Warwick for 3 nights in mid-October 2006. Our nonsmoking room with a king bed cost $395 a night. Our room was extremely hot. When we complained, the front desk told us that the air was triggered by a motion detector and would go off if there was no movement in the room. We asked how that would keep the room cool during sleeping when (presumably) there wouldn't be any movement in the room. Front desk was speechless so had the engineer call us. He told us that actually, our room didn't have a working air conditioner and there was no motion detector system! We immediately complained to management and were quickly transferred to another room with a working air conditioner. The new room was fine--a good size for New York and the bed was very comfortable. The air conditioner was great and we could set it to run all night to block out the street noises. Ended up with 3 terrific nights of sleep.The entire hotel is somewhat faded in appearance with slightly worn wallpaper and carpets and very tiny elelvators. But everything appeared to be clean and maintained.The rest of the staff was wonderful and helped us with dinner reservations, booking a car service, and figuring out the subway. Additional towels were delivered very quickly.The hotel also has a more than adequate workout room with a key system that allows 24-hour access.I would stay here again, but I would confirm that I am getting a room with working utilities.	
Oct 16 2006 	Warwick was fabulous	The Warwick was a great hotel...stayed there for business and pleasure. the location is fabulous--West 54th and 6th Ave. the hotel's front desk and bellmen (never saw an actual &quot;conceirge&quot;) were tremendously helpful and very nice. The bar, Randolph's, was great. the staff there took care of us, were very friendly. good wine list. food was also scrumptuous. The room was wonderful: clean, and huge. Comfortable bed. Note, however, I ended up getting an upgrade (had originally booked &quot;superiour room&quot;, the lowest end). My friend was given a room like that, and it was not up to par: it was clean, she said, but curtains were torn and it was quite small (to me, NYC rooms are expected to be small; but, worn furnishings for $300/night is not acceptable). Although they were pretty booked, they moved her to an executive room (like the one I had) with no hesitation.Very friendly and accomodating staff, clean hotel, great location...i will definitely stay here again.	
Sep 21 2006 	Doorstep to the city! excellent location.	The Warwick could not have been more central for our stay. Ease on the feet being important, we never had to use a taxi once during our stay, but did take in sightseeing tours,- everything being literaly &quot;on the doorstep&quot;The room was a good size if not rather dark being on the inner of the building. That said, we soon adjusted and it was certainly very quiet, - away from the street traffic. Room was clean, plenty of hot water, elevators were efficient and reception staff helpful and courtious.Handy for shopping, bars, stores, theaters. Felt quite safe being 2 English ladies visiting. Would certainly stay here again mainly because of the central location and the vibrancy as soon as you step foot out onto the street.	
Sep 15 2006 	Not so great to claim 4 stars	I booked it thu expedia so I guess some rooms may be better than others. The hotel was clean and nice, rooms were big and location was excellent. Anyways that can only be a 4 star in NYC. Don't expect anything fancy.	
Sep 14 2006	New York NewYork Loved it ! ! ! !	This has to be one of the best Hotels in New York for Location. Its1 Block from 5th Avenue for Shopping, a 5 minute walk to Central Park, and just round the Corner to Time Square. We got Greyline Bus tickets which you can hop on and off all day as many times as you like and see all the Major Attractions.The Hotel itself is an Old hotel and we stayed in a Superior room which only had a slight few but room was spacious and very Clean. It had lots of fresh towels everyday.The only slight thing that bothered us the first night was the air conditioning was abit on the loud side but your so tired most nights from all the sightseeing and shopping that you just fall asleep anyway and its better than it not working ! We only ate in the restuarant the 1st morning and found it abit expensive when you can go out and get a lot more for half the price. We would stay here again and again there was no hassle at Check in and they had a room for our bags to stay in after 1pm as our flight was not till 6pm. We recommend the Statue of Liberty, Empire State and Rockafella centre, Helicopter Ride, Central Park and at Night go to Times Square and go and see a Show. We saw Chicago and Usher was starring in it. That was brilliant . Eating out we recommend to Rue 57 just down the street and also Tavern on the Green in Central Park for a relaxing drink away from the Crowds. Cant wait to go back there and hopefully stay at the wonderful Warwick hotel again!!!!	
Sep 7 2006 	You can not go wrong with this hotel or the location	This hotel was suggested to me via the forum by a New Yorker. I wanted a good location and it fit the bill perfectly. I booked 11 months in advance and got a good rate, we were then upgraded to a suite on arrival for our 2 night stay. I only wish our stay was not so hectic and we could have appreciated the room more. We loved New York and when we return for a longer stay it will be at the WarwickIn just one day we managed to take a harbour cruise, party shuttle 6 hour tour and the unmissable Ground Zero Workshop Museum. We really packed in a full day but still missed so many things in this amazing city	
Sep 1 2006	Enjoyed the Big Apple	Just returned from a stay at the Warwick NYC. (Aug. 28-31,2006)The hotel provided everything that we expected, a great deal of history, a well presented room overlooking the Ave. of Americas, friendly bellmen and reception. We found that the hotel resturant and club lounge a bit pricey, however their service was good and friendly. During our stay we found many good deli's close by the hotel for quick and reasonable priced meals. Our trip was short so we had to cram alot into this time. On our first full day we took a 6 hr tour with a company named Marvelous Manhattan Tours, which provided first time visitors valueable information and history about the City. All of their tours are in small groups and guided. Our guide Stephen was super providing us with history and commentary. We thought it to be a good value at $100 each. This tour can be prepurchased via the internet.We also prepurchased our tickets on the internet for the Empire State Building observation floor which proved to be the right thing to do as the lines are LONG. The prepurchased tickets help expedite your trip to the top. We also took advantage of the half price tickets sales &quot;TKTS&quot; of the Broadway shows now located in the Marriot Marquis hotel. When you first arrive, the crowd and lines appear to be unorganized but it goes good and fast. The ticket cost savings were 25 to 50% off their original price.As first timers in NYC, we walked a great deal, rode the subway, enjoyed people watching, ate at several different resturants and found the people and the city friendly to visitors.	
Aug 28 2006	Great place	8-27-06, I had a reservation at a different hotel and was sort of reluctant about it. Saw this hotel listed on a weekly email I get from a travelsite. I read the reviews and decided to make the reservation at the Warwick and cancel the other one. And I made the right chioice. The room was a superior room with 2 double beds, it was spacious and clean, beds were comfy, lots of towels for the 3 of us. I would recommend this hotel in fact I already have. Okay one thing would have been nice was a coffe maker. Next time I hope to get to the restaurants.LizWisconsin	
Aug 25 2006 	Superb!	I love this hotel. It was my first time staying there. The interior was clean and well-appointed. The room that I stayed in was spacious from what I hear about NYC hotels. No complaints!	
Aug 24 2006 	The Warwick is great!	When we arrived at the Warwick , we were informed that we had been upgraded to a suite. Our suite, the Westminster Suite on the 20th floor, was amazing! The rooms were super clean, beautifully decorated and extremely spacious, even the two closets. The marble bathroom was small, but very functional. Nice touches that aren't so common anymore, like shoehorns, slippers, etc. were present. The view from all the windows was amazing, but the view down 54th street towards 5th Ave was stunning! The staff at the hotel were more than accomodating, and went out of their way to help make our stay more enjoyable, including the doormen, front desk staff, housekeeping and the engineering staff. Murals on 54th is a very nice restaurant and Randolph's is a beautiful old bar. The lobby, though small, is extremely elegant and all of the hallways are clean, bright, and nicely decorated. This is a great old hotel and we'll definitely be staying there again! This was the best hotel experience we've had in New York, and we travel there yearly.	
Aug 6 2006	Excellent location.	Just returned from a 7 night stay at this hotel with my husband and daughter. The staff was very pleasant and courteous. De-luxe bedroom had two queen sized beds and was very clean and spacious. If you are used to sleeping in a darkened bedroom you may have a problem as the heavy drape curtains do not close. We improvised and tied them together with a large safety pin. Problem solved.We did not eat at this hotel as we thought is quite pricey. There is, however, a number of restaurants nearby which offer very good value. There is a &quot;Connollys&quot; pub/restaurant just up the street which was good value for money and excellent food. Location is excellent, just around the corner from MOMA and within walking distance of all other main attractions.Next time I return to New York I will definitely stay here.	
Aug 4 2006	Great old hotel and great location	I just returned from staying at the Warwick Aug. 1&amp; 2: This is a fine old hotel with a Great location to Radio City, Rockafeller Center, Times Square and next door to MoMA. I wasn't expecting a lot from this hotel after just returning from a few surprises on the West Coast and after having stayed in an older hotel in Boston last year. I received a pleasant surprise upon check in a the Warwick. Quick check-in, great old up scale decor (I felt like I needed to be dressed up to stay here). Elevator is a little noisy and rough at times and sometimes slow. I was staying on the 29th floor so I stopped the elevator on every 10th floor on the way down. I was a little worried when I got to the 29th floor and the hallway was very warm/hot, but once in my room it was very cool and comfy. Average temp. outside the days of my stay 95-100 F. You could tell the hotel was old but it was very well maintained. I stayed in room 2901 and was very happy with my room and furnishing. View outside the window is of a brick wall but hey, I didn't come to New York to look out the window. The door stuck a little but it was no problem. The ice machine was right next door to my room and there is a save in the closet. The closet even has a light that turns on when you open the door. Being a female staying alone at the hotel I felt very safe. Will definately stay at this hotel again and will recommend to anyone visiting NYC.	
Jul 25 2006	Just ok...	This hotel was somewhat of a disppointment. It is a good price for NY and in a good location. Right by broadway shows, TCKTS location, central park and the MOMA. However, the bed was very uncomfortable, the handles on the doors were mismatched; one side was gold and the other silver, our room was located across the street from a dental building that left their lights on over night and because we didn't have proper curtains, it was very bright in the room. We barely touched the headboard and it fell out of the wall, narrowly missing my foot. The maid service was inconsistent. The ice machine 4 floors down was broken and there was no sign to tell us where to get more and when we asked downstairs they looked at us like we were lying and rudely told us another floor to get ice. The real kicker was having both of our key cards fail and having to go all the way back down to the lobby to get new ones. But that didn't happen just once, that also had to happen when we popped out for ice in our pajamas and then couldn't get back into the room. There is nothing more exciting than going down to a busy lobby in pajamas and having the staff be discourteous and uncaring. In NY you expect the best service and the Warwick was not it. The lobby was really lovely but unfortunately you won't be staying in the lobby, it will be the [-------] room they send you to that is barely being held together with shotty workmanship. Not even having proper curtains in the room was unacceptable considering the fact that the city is always bright and a lot of people stay out late and want to sleep in late. The shower was another disaster. It took on average 5 minutes to get hot water, longer if it was late at night or early in the morning. There was also zero water pressure so you can forget putting conditioner in your hair b/c you won't be able to get it out. I pulled on the shower head to move it and it literally came out out of the wall with the pipe it was attached to and of course was so cheap it wouldn't move or even change the way the water came out. And of course no water pressure in the shower means none in the toilet which means if you put too much tissue in it and try to flush, it clogs. In NY you won't spend much time in your room but it is really annoying to have such great service when you are out and then have to deal with not so good service when you are just tired and want some rest. The price and location were great for NY but don't spoil your whole vacation dealing with this hotel, it isn't worth it.	
Jul 22 2006 	Great for the money!	My husband and I stayed here in June for 4 nites. I found a deal on the website in March for our June stay that couldn't compare to any other hotel, based on location and other extras.We paid $275 per night for a deluxe oversized room with a view, of which we had a view of the Avenue of the Americas and also a full breakfast was included. The breakfast was a buffet, but was always hot and had lots of fruit, pastries, eggs meats etc. On the third day, I was a little tired of the buffet, and requested a waffle, of which there was no charge.We would stay here again in a heartbeat! The only downside was that it was hot and muggy when we were there and the room while it got cool, the air conditioner had to run continuously to do that and it wasn't cold, just cool.	
Jul 16 2006	Had a great time	We just returned from a truly lovey stay at The Warwick. Upon arrival we were upgraded to a Deluxe room and the positives continued until check out. The room was very clean, spacious, quiet and tastefully decorated. The bathroom was also well appointed and comparable to other 4+ star hotel I've stayed at. We ordered the continental breakfast (coffee, juice, danishes) and it was just ok; not worth the 16.50 but it came very fast. The location was perfect, the valet was quick and courteous. We have finally found a place to stay when we travel to NY, which is on average, once a month. Thanks for a great stay!	
Jul 15 2006	Perfect in almost every way!!	My wife, teenaged daughter, and I spent a week at The Warwick last summer based primarily on location and great room rate available at the time. We were happy to discover that the location was even better than we first imagined considering we were first-timers there and wanted to be as centrally located to all tourists spots as we could get. We were also very happy to have been given a room that was relatively spacious, quiet, and clean. We never bothered with the hotel restaurant in that it seemed overpriced, but who wants to eat at a hotel anyway... particularly while in NY?	
Jul 5 2006	Great NY Experience	We stayed in at the Warwick Hotel (@54th &amp; 6th Avenue) in NYC for 2 nights, July 1st and July2nd. We will most definetely return. From the moment we made our reservations until check out, the staff were so hospitable. I spoke with Arlene initially making the reservations and upon check in with Angel Calabrese, the Director of Reservations. Our flight arrived early and there was no problem with early check in. We were trying to get rooms to accommodate my husband and I and our two almost adult children. Our rooms were wonderful... very large for NY hotels. The lobby and rooms held much character from the moldings, fabrics, wall paper and furniture. This to me, is why staying in an historic property such as the Warwick is so appealing. We stayed on the 18th floor... one room (1820) had a great view of 54th street, the other however, (room 1823), faced a brick wall. This was fine as we like dark rooms in the morning and were rarely there in the day time.We had no problem getting taxis from the hotel and found several small places to eat breakfast along 6th Avenue on the side of the hotel. There is also a small grocery store just behind the hotel. This location is central to everything and you are out of the bright lights, noise and congestion of Times Square.We have been to NY many times, have stayed in numerous hotels in the area...This is by far the best. This will in the future be our place to stay.	
Jun 21 2006	Smart and Central NY Hotel	We stayed in this hotel for one night as part of a week-long holiday in New York. We wanted to stay somewhere more luxurious on the final night, and we were not disappointed. The Warwick hotel is very smartly presented, and the staff were efficient and helpful. Our room was spaceous, quiet, and in pristine condition. The marble bathroom was impressive, and the room was fully featured (TV, internet, minibar, safe, iron, etc). The location of the hotel is very central and ideal for visiting central park and 5th avenue. Also, the hotel if very close to several subway stations if you want to travel elsewhere in Manhattan. Overall, we thoroughly enjoyed staying in this hotel and would recommend it to anyone.	
Jun 19 2006	Great hotel in great location	Stayed at the Warwick New York for 1 night in May. Lovely older style hotel with beautifully appointed room. We stayed in a deluxe room (booked on the historic hotels.org website) and the room was much more spacious than other NYC hotels. Great location - easy walk to 5th Ave, Rockfeller Center, Broadway etc. Staff helpful and easy check-in and out. Highly recommended.	
Jun 9 2006	Quite liked it really...	Came here for a three nights, long weekend from the UK in October 2003.Initially, thought it was fantastic, right in the middle of midtown Manhattan and was impressed by the uniformed bellman who treated my like some sort of filmstar! Opened car door, got my things out of the back, called on a colleague to being the trolley, so was v.impressed. Maybe he saw the Concorde luggage tag and thought I was rich! Haha! He was so wrong! I was flat broke! Reasonably efficient counter staff, cant remember much about it, so cant have been bad, and was taken up 14 floors to my room (very fast lifts!) A fantasic lobby area which impressed all those who I arranged to meet over the weekend...Room was good, not fantastic, it didnt have any view, it was facing into a building shaft/void, so couldnt tell if it was day or night at any time. Enjoyed the olde english room furniture, though could have done with a little DIY on the television unit hinges and drawers! The bathroom was spectacular, marbled, clean. And will never forget the bellman's advice on the minibar and 'local amenities for the single guy...nudge, nudge, wink,wink...ahem!' he should do stand up, he was pure class!!! The event has become enshrined in the family conversation 'hall of fame'.Very well located, not far from anything...just 5mins to Central Park, 10m to Times Square, 5 mins to the shopping and barely 20m to max out the creditcard! Would recommend the Irish style pub on the otherside of the road and the Deli at the end of the road. Can't vouch for the how good the price was, as it was bundled into package deal, but I hear it isnt cheap. Wouldn't have paid the prices for it that are advertised....	
Jun 8 2006	Warwick great on everything	Great location, clean, comfortable, large enough, quiet - We stayed on the 9th floor facing 6th for 5 nights in May. Saw a movie being filmed across the street. You must try the frozen hot chocolate at Serendipity 3 (a nice long walk to take off the calories), but you need reservations to prevent a long wait. Their burger and fries were pretty good. Will definitely stay at the Warwick on our next visit.	
Jun 2 2006 	If all you care about is location stay here	Two stars = okay, but some problems. That's what this hotel is: okay.The best things I can say about this hotel: 1) location. You're right in midtown. You can walk to Rockefeller Center and Times Square. 2) The rooms aren't ultra tiny like most NYC hotels. We had an actual closet and enough room to unpack two suitcases without feeling cramped. However, for the price, you could certainly do better in NYC. Our room was OLD; the carpet was worn and the curtains were dusty. The shower had very low pressure and the bed wasn't rock hard, but I wouldn't describe it as comfortable. The walls are paper thin. I was in bed and heard the conversations of the people in the next room very clearly. The bathroom in our room was horribly designed. The magnification mirror is mounted directly above the toilet - if you forget to close the lid and accidentally drop your makeup / shaver, it will end up in the toilet bowl. This wouldn't be a major problem if there was counter space. There wasn't - the two inches of counter space is taken up by their glass cups. The minibar is the newest item in the room. It dispenses items like a vending machine does (you have to press which item you want and remove it from a dispenser) and it is tucked behind a faux wood paneled door. Room service came quickly, the food was mediocre and high-priced, but you'll find that everywhere in NYC hotels.If you still decide to stay here, please take heed: If you want a cab, *especially* at rush hour, do not use The Warwick's doorman. He's a nice guy, but the cabs all line up across the street at The Hilton. Just go to the Hilton which is cattycorner from The Warwick and you'll have a cab in 2 seconds. The Warwick's doorman whistled and waved for 15 minutes trying to score us a cab, when we went to the Hilton, there was never a wait.The Warwick's lobby is small, so it always seems crowded. Staff wasn't rude, but there was a definite lack of warmth. If you expect mediocre service and rooms for $250 a night, book this hotel. If you prefer better, look around - there are plenty of hotels in the area and quite a few that are nicer and lower in price than The Warwick. Bottom line: It's an old room in a nice location. Just a room.	
Jun 1 2006	2nd Vist hoping for a return	My friend and I have just returned from a 4 night stay at the Warwick, I had been previously with my husband, he was happy for me to go as it is in a nice area convenient for everything. The staff were excellent and the food in both the Italian restaurant and the bar are very good. We had a huge room with decent views out onto the avenue, the beds were comfy and the room spotless. The concierge booked trips and helped us out with guides and theatre bookings. It is ideal for Central Park, The Empire State, Times Square and Rockerfeller Centre, lots of bars and restaurants in the area. My friend and I filled in the hotel questionnaire and 3 days after arriving home I received a lovely letter from the Manager thanking us for our notes and inviting us for drinks should we ever bo back, we most certainly will.	
May 31 2006 	Still a great place to stay	This was my second stay at the Warwick. I stayed in room 1705 - no view, save a brick wall, however, it was very quiet at night. (I stayed here last year in a different room that faced the street and it was loud). Comfortable, extremely clean - except for a coffee maker, it is everything you could want in a room. Friendly, efficient staff, nice bar (as another reviewer said - pricey - but what isn't in NYC?). Tip - less than one block north on the same side of the street (on 6th) there is a terrific grocery store with everytihng you might want, including lots of great pre-made items. I stay at the Warwick when I am in NYC for a trade show and always stop there on my first night to buy large bottles of water to take to the show - much more cost efficient than buying it at the Javits! Easy walk to Rockefeller Center, St. Patrick's Cathedral, Radio City, etc.	
May 29 2006	Not Impressed	My friend and I spent 3 nights in this hotel and were not impressed. When we arrived, they gave us a smoking room when I in fact had stipulated non-smoking. The room had a foul smell and there was a cigerette butt still in an ashtray that had not been cleaned. After notifying the front desk, they immediately moved us to a non-smoking room that was right next to the elevators. Everytime someone got on or off a bell would ring letting the user know it was going up or down. The sound of the bell was annoying as hell, especially when trying to sleep. The small child that stayed in the room next to ours with his parents didn't help matters either. Every morning his parents would allow him to run up and down the hall screaming his little head off. To top things off, during our last day in our new room, the toilet overflowed, flooding the bathroom floor. It took 4 hotel staff to fix the toilet and clean-up the mess. The TV in the room was very small, about 15&quot; screen and over 20 years old. I could go on and on about what was wrong with this, as Betty Davis would say, &quot;dump&quot;. But I'm sure you get the picture. On a more positive note, I will say that the hotel is in an excellent location close to many great attractions and that the staff was friendly.	
May 24 2006	Great Location !	We stayed at this hotel last year, it was for my 30th Birthday, what a great central location, hotel was very clean, only thing was we had a room with no view other than a brick wall!! I called to reception but the hotel was fully booked and they could not move us, other than that you really could not fault it.	
May 23 2006	Loved it!	Quaint, affordable, nicely decorated, large, beautiful bathrooms and the windows open. Great restaurant-bar (pricey) and lobby.Overall, a comfortable stay.	
May 15 2006	Fabulous Location!!	Just returned from a 4 day stay at the Warwick. Fantastic location within walking distance to EVERYTHING!!! Stayed on the 10th floor facing 6th Avenue...high enough not to be bothered by the honking taxis!!! Lovely room, clean bathroom, great water pressure (despite what another guest reported) prompt elevators (despite what another guest reported). The Bell Captain was awesome....we followed all of his recommendations and were not disappointed!! Would definitely return to the Warwick...great value!	
May 2 2006	New York Horns a-Honkin'	I stayed in room 619 at the Warwick for 10 nights. The room itself was terrific. Roomy, very comfortable, nicely furnished, it actually looked alot like the pictures on the website. Except in my room I had a white down comforter on the bed, not the matching bedspread shown in the pictures. The bathroom was fine, no issues with the the water pressure or temp. I also had no issues with the elevators.I had room service twice and both times it was timely and delicious. (Room service in NY is very, very expensive! It's all the add-ons: Don't ever tip on top of the bill, a generous tip is already included as well as a &quot;delivery fee&quot; and a &quot;service charge&quot;.) If I hadn't been battling a vicious cold I would have ventured out both times - there are plenty of coffee shops, grocery stores and delis in the neighborhood.The neighborhood is great. You can walk everywhere and all the buses and subway lines are within spitting distance. Times Square, Central Park, Macy's are all easily doable from the Warwick. I walked home through Central Park from the Met! (Probably when I got the cold!)My only complaint was the noise levels. The room I was in overlooked 6th Avenue. And WOW is 6th Avenue noisy. For some reason New Yorkers honk their car horns all the time. I rode a bus from Washington Square to 54th Street and the busdriver honked his horn the whole way. One cab I was in laid on his horn all the way across town. Even the shuttle in from the airport made liberal use of his horn. I'm not sure why they do it since it doesn't appear to make a lick of difference. Loud, loud, loud. I spent the day up in Morningside Heights and they have big signs posted stating that there's a $350 fine for honking your car horn. I suggest the Warwick get itself some BIG signs....	
Apr 26 2006	No problems at all	Stayed here last year for six nights. Service was efficient (not overly friendly but we didn't need that), room was a good size, clean and serviced daily. The hotel was in a great location and have to say I had no complaints at all. We booked through holiday website at a discounted rate and didn't expect 5 star luxury but I thought it was above average for what we paid, especially after speaking to friends who have also stayed in mid-town manhattan. For all the time we actually spent in our room this holiday, the Warwick was perfect. I would definitely stay here again if we went back, providing it was the discounted rate. Maybe I would have expected more luxury if we had paid the hotels room rate.	
Apr 21 2006	Bad from the start	We arrived in our room to find a truly filthy toilet, in fact so dirty it was difficult to work out how it was in that state.We asked for someone to come and clean it, they did while we were out for the evening but not immediately.The reception staff were not just rude but downright infuriating. My mum tried to change travellers cheques which they agreed to, then refused after she'd countersigned them because they were in sterling.It is in a great place, but its overly expensive, dark and not worth the bother. Would never go again and would never advise anyone to go again.The New Yorker and The Salisbury round the corner are much better value for money.	
Apr 11 2006	Fabulous!	Just returned from the Warwick and it was fabulous! The room had beautiful antiques, very comfortable bed and pillows and was very clean and quiet. The staff was courteous and accommodating. I cannot imagine a better hotel in NYC and would certainly return!	
Apr 11 2006 	I really wanted to like this hotel...	I really wanted to like this hotel. Really. After all, it's a relatively quaint, historic hotel in an awesome location. But, during a recent three-night stay, I encountered annoying problems that were difficult to overlook. First, the hot water pressure in my room seemed to mysteriously ebb and flow. One minute I was enjoying a nice warm shower; the next minute the water was cold. (Only to revert back to hot a few moments later.) Next, the air conditioner in my room didn't work. Even though it was early spring and the weather outside was relatively cool, my room was stuffy and very warm. Thirdly, the interior walls seemed paper thin. I could clearly hear conversations from next door as well as from the hallway. Lastly, the room was noticeably in need of a fresh coat of paint, especially over the badly stained baseboards. On a poaitive note, the room was relatively large by New York City standards. Would I stay there again? Probably not.	
Apr 6 2006 	Hotel Hints/Tips	A huge tip and lots of help for all you misguided hotel guests. When booking at the Warwick, if you are picky about having rooms with views, then I suggest not reserving a superior room which is the lowest category room. You will have nothing but a view of a brick wall. You're in NY. You shouldnt spend all your time in the room anyway. Do not expect any free upgrades and if you do get upgraded be somewhat thoughtful and remember to at least say thank you or tip the person who upgraded you. They get verbally abused and pushed around all the time. If you want to be upgraded to a better room or a suite, it never hurts to ask if you can be upgraded for a certain amount. If you want to avoid paying $50 or more on an upgrade per night then treat the concierge/reception right and they will treat you right. Do not expect the reception to get your bags in any NY hotel, can't really speak for the others. There are bellmen for that and Unions who are very sensitive to that issue. Be very wary of internet bookings/travel agencies. They basically promise things they can't guarantee such as bed types, view, smoking or non-smoking. Know what you're getting and whats included with your package. Its ridiculous how many people do not know what their rates are,what's included or not included and whether or not things such as the room were already paid for them or by them. Well I hop some of this information helped I will follow up.	
Apr 3 2006	Very clean...comfortable bed....Quiet	Stayed at the Warwick with our family of five and loved it! Snuck the kids in to avoid the extra charges but all slept comfortably in a king sized bed. Very comfortable room that was very clean and cozy. Great bathroom with oversized towels and great water pressure. Quiet room. We had stayed in a cheaper hotel in Time Square the previous night, but it was dirty and smelly. This was a great location within walking distance to shopping, Time Square, Central Park. We took a horse drawn carriage ride through the park. Went shopping at all the trendy shops on 5th Avenue which was fun. The bellman at the Warwick was very friendly and accomodating. Arranged for our ride back to JFK. There was a wonderful greek falafel stand one block from the Warwick with a line a block long! Dinner cost us $5 and was the best meal we had while in NYC. Would highly recommend the Warwick.	
Mar 25 2006	Worn	Just got back from NYC, reserved a room at the Warwick $275 per nite, the room was sooo tired. Heavily worn dirty carpet, very dirty toilet, peeling paint on ceilings, peeling wallpaper etc etc. There is NO excuse for the condition of this place with the room rates they get, what a shame as it is a nice building. Even the lobby is tired. I immediately checked out and checked in to the Hilton across the street which was perfect and cost $20 less per nite. Be warned	
Mar 18 2006	Great Location!	Stayed at the Warwick for my daughter's 10th birthday. Everything we wanted to see, the American Girl Store, Times Square, and Central Park were in walking distance. Stayed during the NY blizzard of '06 and enjoyed the beauty of NY in white! Hotel staff were very accommodating and helpful. Used room service twice because of the storm and enjoyed a wonderful pizza. Have stayed at this hotel before with my husband and have always found the rooms very clean and comfortable. Have recommeneded it to many.	
Feb 20 2006	The Warwick was great!	I took my partner to New York for his 30th birthday and we stayed in the Warwick Hotel on 54th Street. We were not dissapointed!The location was excellent, in walking distance from most of the major attractions.Our room was of a good size and very clean. We had a lovely big bed which we could have fitted the whole family in!The staff were very friendly and helpful and there was a lovely atmosphere around the hotel.I would recommend the Warwick to anybody with confidence that they would enjoy their stay as much as we did!	
Feb 14 2006	Always Great	I stay at the Warwick two times a year and it is always wonerful. The rooms with two double beds are very large for New York standards. They could use a bit of updating, but they are clean and quiet. This trip I was on the 14th floor with a very quiet room at the back of the hotel. The bathroom was a good size with plenty of light and shelf space. The service here is always great as well. I had several packages delivered for me before I arrived and had to ship several more out when I left. The front desk and package room were very helpful. The location is very convenient to subways, MOMA, and shopping.	
Feb 5 2006	Quiet feathered nest in the middle of Manhattan	We were delighted with the location, quality and quietness of the hotel. Our room was large and very conveniently located close to 5th Avenue, Rockerfeller Center, the MoMA, the theatre district and other attractions. The quiet of the hotel for Manhattan was remarkable. We had an interior room. It had a light shaft and windows which were easily darkened. I slept the best that I have ever slept in Manhattan; heard no noise and was disturbed not at all by light entering the room. The hotel was clean and well staffed. We would definitely recommend this hotel to a friend and intend to return in the future ourselves.	
Jan 18 2006	Look no Further!	chose the Warwick because of the good reviews on tripadvisor. Had already booked apartements with woogoo but after finding trip advisor, cancelled this because of reviews have since discovered that this was a good move! Problem when we first arrived, reception said they had no knowledge of our expedia booking for 3 bedrooms. On production of our email conformation the hotel proceeded to find us the best rooms available even upgrading one of the rooms for free. Beds were the best ever with plenty of space in the rooms with beautiful bathrooms. No problem getting a lift quickly as i had read in other reports and the most perfect location for everything. Will not even bother looking for anywhere else in NYC but will continue to use Trip Advisor for other locations as they saved us from a possible disaster. Thank you Trip Advisor	
Jan 9 2006	great and imperfect place!	This is a great, nostalgic, quirky, comfortable hotel in a fantastic location. Everything (almost) is walkable. Okay, so the bedspread had a tear that was badly mended. The bathroom was gorgeous marble, and our room stepped out to a crazy, funky, huge private terrace that had views up and down 5th (or is it 6th?) street. We could see Central Park to our right, and downtown toward our left. I'm telling you, you could have had a party out on that terrace. Granted, it was carpeted in old astroturf and there was a weird blotch of red paint splashed over one decorative stone... It was worth it for the views, the air, and for eating breakfast out in the open 14 floors up!! Just a couple floors up were the rooms were the Beatles and Marilyn Monroe stayed.It aint' perfect, but it had character, was clean, and the staff were accommodating. I recommend this hotel to the flexible traveller who is into New York nostalgia, reasonable rates, and a close walk to everything... Ask for the terrace!	
Jan 4 2006	Expected a little better	We did not want to stay on Times Square during our Christmas visit, December 15-19, 2005. This location was great. The lobby enticing! Check-in was very easy---------until we got to our room. We were with another couple. Both of us had requested king beds. They needed this. We can sleep in a double. Each room had two double beds!! We were across the hall from each othe, which was nice. When we inquired about changing rooms, there was none available!!! Our friends pushed the two beds together.The room was a very good size for a New York Historic Hotel. But the furniture was worn and raveling in some places. Nice view of 6th Avenue.There are three elevators. The middle one never worked while we were there.Never ate in the restaurant, but did go down to pick up some coffee, juice, and a bread basket----$22.Martini's in the bar are $15. Wine is $11.	
Jan 3 2006	Warwick was a fantastic base for the perfect trip	The Warwick Hotel is situated in a fantastic location, close to 5th Ave but not noisy at all. I travelled to New York with my mum, I am 24, she is 50 and we both found the hotel exceptionally clean, spacious, well decorated and well serviced. The staff were all very friendly which reflected the generak attitudes of the people of New York - so friendly and approachable. Many parts of our trip were great but this hotel certainly made it a whole lot better. Would recommend to anyone, families, singles or couples.	
Jan 2 2006	Great Hotel but................	Our party of eight loved the hotel, its location and their rooms but, as always, the real test of a hotel is how they deal with a problem. In our case the Warwick failed.One couple arrived back mid afternoon New Year's Eve to find maintenance working on the room lock. They had wanted to rest before heading out for the festivities. This was imossible as it took over an hour to fix the lock. Eventually it was repaired, re-programmed and tested out OK. But when they came in at 0045 in the morning the key would not open the lock. It had to be drilled to get access to the room and disturbed people in adjacent rooms. By 0145 they had a new lock but it would not work at all! Although they were then offered a new room who wants to move at that time? We were all checking out also in the morning. Other than apologies they were not offered any compensation and as the bill had been prepaid there was nothing we could do. It spoiled the stay and the hotel's attitude when the tired couple checked out was very disappointing.	
Dec 27 2005	Absolutely Wonderful!!	We booked a package deal and took our chances on the Warwick. We definitely scored big! We had a fantastic room on the 17th floor that faced 6th Ave (Ave. of the Americas) and 54th St.!!! The view was amazing!The conceirge was wonderful...the housekeeping was on top of their job every step of the way...the front desk people were very friendly and helpful. The hotel is so centrally located that I don't think we could have picked a better place. The complaints that we read about the elevators were a little harsh considering everything else the hotel offered. Yeah there are only 3 elevators (we only had 2 since one was broken), but behind the 3 pretty elevators, are 3 staff elevators that we were told we could use at any time. We had to wait 5 minutes for an elevator one time...that was all. If you are looking to book a trip to NYC, I would definitely consider the Warwick. If we are ever to return, I know we will stay there no questions asked! However, I would look into the news and see if there is going to be a strike...that was the only downfall to the trip. It was great though that we had a beautiful hotel to return to!One more thing. You can rent a refrigerator for $20.00 for your entire stay. We did that and were able to buy milk for breakfast and have cans of pop when we got back to our room. I would highly recommend investing the $20.00.	
Dec 15 2005 	The Warwick is Definitely Old School	I have stayed at the Warwick 3 times this past year. Here is why I/We go back:Great location, if you like being midtown. Really close to the good department stores (Barney's, Bergdorf's, Henri Bendel) and popular chain stores (H &amp; M, Gap, Banana Republic...etc..) Also, very close to the park, which is nice. Lots of good restaurants around and close to a subway station (right on 6th). Comfortable beds, cozy rooms. Small, intimate lobby. Nice marble bathrooms and clean! White comforters on the beds make it seem like a European boutique hotel. No ugly, scratchy bedspreads (yuck). They do need to pop for some new blankets though (kind of like a dog blanket).The best part: the hotel has a really classic feel to it. I like it. The room service is good, too!We have brought our 4 year old son, too, and got a Jr. suite (I think) with a little kitchenette. There is a store right next door, so we bought snacks, etc..The only downside, I would say, is that make sure you check the room before you bring your stuff up because on two of my stays the rooms (non-smoking) smelled like cigarette smoke. BIG TIME. The front desk was very accommodating in letting us switch, but still, if you have allergies or just can't stand cigarette smoke, check it out first. The other thing I might mention, and this might just go for NY city in general, but the room prices can vary incredibly. I was able to negotiate a lower price over the phone, but it was a lot higher than what I had paid for the same room a month prior. Anyway, it's a charming, little hotel. We will go back to the Warwick.	
Dec 13 2005	Had a very pleasant stay at the Warwick	We arrived at the hotel and were checked in very quickly. The room was of a very good size with two double beds and a marble finish en-suite bathroom. We were travelling with our 2 year old son and the staff at the hotel were more than helpful towards us. The meals and alcohol were pricey but we found that throughout NY. Anything we asked for at the hotel we received with no problems whatsoever. The location is excellent, only 1/2 a block away from 5th Ave!!!I would recommend this hotel and I would certainly stay here again.	
Dec 12 2005	Reservation not honored even with receipt	While I was a guest at this hotel on October 30th, I made a future reservation in person for a suite with no problem, I got a receipt/confirmation, all looked good. Got to the hotel on December 8th and they had downgraded us to a small, dark room in the back even though I had a receipt/confirmation IN HAND for a suite...... They also downgraded the room but not the price, they charged the suite price on my confirmation for the small, dark room claiming the suite price was much higher, so I was not entitled to a lower rate for the new (much worse) room. They even showed me the reservation history on the computer where the reservation was downgraded mistakenly on November 14th by Kenny at the hotel but did nothing to correct the situation. The worst part of the whole experience was the treatment. No attempt was made to correct this, no apology, no admission of their mistake even though they showed me minutes earlier on the computer and agreed that Kenny must have messed up, they just kept telling me I was wrong, wrong, wrong, talking in circles on and on, all the rooms are full, etc. I was COMPLETELY brushed off. After about an hour of arguing I decided instead to enjoy my vacation. I could not believe it, the worst treatment/experience I have ever had at any hotel/resort/restaurant/anything. I figure they overbooked rooms at higher prices than I had a confirmation for and changed my reservation without notifying me. Very annoying, unbelievable. Bottom line-They do not honor reservations so I (and you) cannot trust them. I will never return.	
Dec 12 2005	Very impressed	Having had bad hotel experiences on our first two trips to New York (Wellington and Ameritania), we were determined not to let it happen on our third. We therefore booked The Warwick and stayed for five nights. What a world of difference! The Warwick is a charming, elegant hotel with large rooms, large closets and everything you could need.We had a superior &quot;interior&quot; room, which meant that we were on the inside of the building and therefore faced a brick wall. However, we knew this before we went so were not surprised. It does make the room very dark all the time and can be disconcerting but we preferred that to facing the street and having all the traffic noise etc.Just two complaints: the lifts - there are only three small lifts to service the hotel and at times they get very busy. One evening we waited 15 minutes before we could get into a lift and we were sure that at least one of the lifts had been &quot;over-ridden&quot; so that it wasn't in general use.Another complaint is the lack of taxis. We gave up trying to get a taxi outside the Warwick because they were few and far between. We did complain to the doorman but he didn't seem bothered - on one occasion he tried to persuade us to get into an unlicensed &quot;taxi&quot;! We subsequently went over to the Hilton and got our taxis there.Would certainly stay at the Warwick again - it is very comfortable and can't be beaten for location.	
Nov 22 2005	Excellent Location!	I am usually really terrible at picking hotels - no matter what the star rating -but this one was a winner!A friend and I came here in November for a 4 night break and the hotel was just the perfect location to be in. we could walk to fifth ave - times square - central park and radio city music hall within 10 minutes!The hotel was beautiful and had a real feel of elegance to it - not just like a standard chain hotel.Reception staff and all the concierges were nice - pleasant enough and helpful!The only thing that I would say was not great were the prices of the food and drinks. As a result we did not eat or drink here but there are so many local places of good value near by it did not matter!We did ask for a special room as I was going to celebrate my upcoming 30th bday but we got a view of a brick wall ! At the end of the day we did not exactly mind tho as we did plenty of sightseeing in the day that looking out of the window was the last thing on our minds!Rooms were clean - if not a little warm and there seemed to be no evidence of air con but we did manage to open a window so that was fine!Overall this hotel is beautiful and elegant and well worth a visit!Amber x	
Nov 18 2005	Still like it...	This was our second visit to The Warwick, and we're still delighted with the place. The lifts are still slow but the combination of facilities and location for the price is excellent.Some tangential recommendations 1. Connolly's Bar (two doors down on 56th)is a lovely place with really friendly Irish staff (Trevor and Cal particularly) and the drinks are a lot cheaper than Randolph's in the Hotel!2. Moloney and Porcelli on E50th (just across from the Waldorf-Astoria) - great steakhouse recommended by the guys in Connollys... excellent food and service.3. Klein's - a grocery store on 6th, just a few blocks up from the Hotel...good for supplies and great deli for sandwiches.One avoid - the Astro diner across the street - went there for breakfast, regretted it...poor food, poorer service...	
Nov 16 2005	Roomy and Comfortable	Great Hotel near many atractions with far more room than the average NYC hotel. Three of us stayed and the split living room allowed the opportunity to watch TV while another slept. We stayed in a Superior suite but it was an interior room. We knew this going in but it sure was dark in there even on the brightest day. Still for a large suite in NYC who's complaining? Plus an interior room means NO STREET NOISE! I would stay here again. Directly across from the new MOMA location. My only complaint is beware of the mini-bar. If you open the lid to even look at one of the items they will charge you! Somehow the systen knows you opened the lid. I had to request these charges be dropped two seperate times. All I did was open the lid, read a label and got charged for the item. Aside from the min- bar this is a great place. In room safe, clean, VERY quiet, 24 room service which can be great after returning from The Roxxy at 5:30am!	
Nov 14 2005	------!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	Overall, my trip to New York was flawless, except for one major contributing factor and that was that my hotel (The Warwick) s----!!The price was fair, the location perfect and the suite size accomidating. My only suggestion is to lock up all of your belongings and I mean all of them.The Warwick staff are inefficient and rude!I would never darken their doors again, ever!!!	
Nov 3 2005	Had a Great time	We just returned from a 3 day stay at the Warwick. We booked an executive room through Expedia and found it to be much more than we had expected. The room was large, clean and well appointed. It was far superior th the Crown Plaza where we stayed last time. It is within walking distance of a lot of attractions and there was a small grocery around the corner,which allowed us to save a lot on drinks. I was very impressed with the people there. All were friendly and helpful. I have found my place to stay when I return. Also, if you get a chance, see Wicked. It was an outstanding play. The performers were very talented. Rent was fair, but I would not go again.	
Oct 26 2005	Great location a bit crowded.	Positive: The Warwick is in a great location and in great condition. It has a wonderful bar and restaurant right on the first floor. My room was spotless, beautiful, spacious, quiet, and the bed was very comfortable. I slept very well being a light sleeper. The bathroom and fixtures are beautiful, marble and chrome. The bath linens and bed linens were rarely used, if not new. Very responsive front desk staff (asked for more pillows), bell staff (bags delivered and taken quickly), house keeping staff (cleaned room very well every day), maintenace staff (responded quickly to a broken TV cabinet issue).Negative: TV cabinet door in room was broken upon arrival but fixed immediately after mentioning it. All the light fixtures have annoying compact flourescent bulbs as opposed to normal soft incandescent bulbs. I don't think these bulbs really save enough money to justify using them. The bathroom could use more surfaces to place toiletries upon. Only 3 elevators in this hotel; they are small and can get very crowded. I had to wait for an empty car on more than one occasion. Lobby is small with very limited seating/waiting areas. I arranged to meet an elderly friend in the lobby, and she had to stand because the limited lobby seating was taken. The doorman needs to keep the front door clear of large groups of people waiting for taxis, etc. My elderly friend had trouble getting through the crowds that gathered near the revolving door. The lobby is extremely crowded during checkout times. Concierge was not present at his desk on more than one occasion. I like this hotel and will stay again, requesting a second floor room so I can use the stairs to avoid the elevator mess.	
Oct 24 2005	Midtown Convenience	I must say after reading past reviews of the Warwick, I was fairly worried, and wondered what to believe. Well, this review is for people who are undecided about the Warwick. DO NOT stay here if you are: Paying full price, stay in your room a lot, are High maintenance, extremely picky, want a glitzy giant lobby, or planning a romantic getaway.DO STAY HERE if you: appreciate quaint, historic hotels, like convenience to subways, Central Park, the theatre district, shopping and major sites in New York.Okay, let's get to it:The Hotel -- The Warwick is a charming, historic hotel, built by William Randolph Hearst as an apartment building for visiting friends. Old apartment building means: small lobby. There were two very nice expensive sofas that were a bit tired looking and two coffee tables; that's it. Lovely fresh flower arrangements everywhere. Historic Hotel means: very small elevators; holds 6 people or 4 people with luggage, max. Add on elevator travel time if you're going somewhere. My observation of peak times for elevator usage was around 9-10 am and 11:00 am for check out, plus around 5-7 pm for the dinner rush/check in. If you want to check out, take the elevator at 10:30 am to 11:00 and you're laughing. The decor of the hotel is quite elegant, though, like an elderly grande dame, frayed a bit at the edges on closer inspection. Hallways have beautiful light fixtures, and wall paper and still have the vintage mail boxes installed. However, the carpet is worn and dirty in places, and on closer inspection, there is some chipped paint on doorframes and scuff marks on walls. Don't stay here if details like this bother you. We did not eat at the Murals restaurant, but I encourage you to go in and see the beautifully restored Dean Cromwell murals. We found the lobby area and 2nd floor lounge overly warm and stuffy.The Room -- Approx 400 square feet, which was quite adequate for the two of us. Historic hotel = small bathroom. By my estimation it was about 7 feet by 6 feet, and you had to be creative about storage space. One small shelf is provided. The bathroom is quite beautiful -- all marble, with white porcelain and vintage chrome fixtures. Narrow, but serviceable tub. Good shower pressure, and ocean scent Gilchrist and Soames products. The door had several ugly 2&quot; gouges on the bottom for some reason, and I feel this should have been repaired. The beds had new mattresses, feather pillows and down comforters. We slept like babies. Large closet for storage. No yellow and blue bedspreads like on the website. A couple of small minor stains on the carpet, nothing to freak out about. Overall, the room is quaint and charming, though I did not appreciate the grimy sheers and black-out curtains on the windows. We had an interior room, which means VERY DARK. In the middle of the day, it was like night time, and we had a nice view of a brick wall. However, interior room = very quiet, so figure out what you would prefer. Adequate lighting for a dark room. The air conditioning was weak to non-existent, so don't stay here in the summer. We did quite well with an open window. Sometimes there would be a very slight food odor, but otherwise, got lots of cool, fresh air. TV was a 70's era 20&quot; magnavox with remote, but worked very well, good reception.The Service -- The people at the front desk were extremely pleasant and professional, even mailing a letter for me on the house -- they will run it through the hotel post marking machine, which I thought was a nice gesture. The doormen could be better -- there are three steps down from the door to the lobby, and are hard to negotiate with heavy luggage; there is no ramp. At times, they were standing around talking or staring off into space while people were struggling with their luggage. The Bell captain bellhops were very nice and helpful; cleaning people ranged from really friendly to grunty, but did a great job when we left a tip every day.Overall, I would stay here again in a heartbeat, if I were in NYC for a shopping trip with girlfriends. It's very convenient to all the sites and shopping, subways and museums. I do not feel the rooms are worth the $450 US a night as on their website, so shop around for deals; we booked through expedia and paid $200 CDN a night. Unless they do some minor maintenance, as described above, I would not pick this as a romantic getaway hotel. I would have a shorter stay and shell out the extra couple hundred bucks a night to stay at the St. Regis or other hotel instead for a special experience. For a girlfriend's trip or if you're out all day, it's perfect.	
Oct 8 2005	Fabulous stay at the Warwick.	We stayed at the Warwick from Sept 3-5 - Labor Day weekend. Having received a fabulous rate ($259/night for a suite) booking directly from the hotel website on a tip from Travelzoo, I was a bit worried prior to arriving due to some mixed comments on this site. Arriving on the red-eye, we asked for an early check-in. The staff were pleasant and searched for an appropriate suite, but one was not available. After checking our bags, they surprised us with a wonderful free upgrade to a fabulous deluxe suite on the 31st floor. A huge two room suite with nice views and many amenities. Huge marble bathroom. Everything was nicely appointed and very clean. Very comfortable beds with crisp clean bedding. We heard no street noise whatsoever, perhaps because we were so high up.There was construction in the lobby, but that didn't bother us. The construction was to be completed around Sept 12.We never had to wait for any of the 3 public elevators, which were tiny but worked well. (we noticed that there are 3 other elevators noted on the floor map, that back to the public elevators- we thought those would be for staff....) The location could not be better. A couple of short blocks to Central Park and walking distance to most attractions. Highly recommend the Citypass - a discount booklet for some of the best attractions - MOMA, Museum of Natural History, Circle Line tour, ESB, etc.Found a great deli across the street - less than a block down 6th Ave toward Central Park. (Manhattan gourmet food) Nice $1.99 breakfast - 2 eggs cooked to order, home fried potatoes with veggies, toast, coffee/tea. Add 75 cents for a pile of bacon or other items. Reasonably priced lunch and dinner buffets as well.Had a wonderful dinner at a place called Brasserie Centrale - a 24 hour restaurant with a lovely large outside eating area, tasty and unique menu at very reasonable prices. Lots of locals eating there.We'll definitely stay at the Warwick again.	
Sep 30 2005	Really good value	We stopped at the Warwick for five nights in September. We were stopping there as we were having a family wedding in Central Park (reception at Pete's Tavern was brilliant by the way). We were a party of 17 and I've got to say that for the money it was faultless. The rooms were all of a good standard; larger than you usually get in NYC, all clean if a little worn, some even had a decent view. Nice crisp clean sheets, good beds, new fluffy towels and quality toiletries. As none of us us had any problems to report we can't really comment on customer care - but whenever we did talk to any of the staff there they were courteous and helpful. Public spaces are all good (actually quite impressive really) too - we used the bar once or twice - which was a little pricey but hey! OK - so its not super chic, or ultra modern, but if you want a good reliable place in a good area its a winner. It's huge strength is its location - its 5 mins walk south of central park, right next to the MOMA - so only 10 to 15 mins walk down to Times Square if you don't get distracted. Those of you who know this part of town will know that there aren't too many bars local - but Connolly's across the road was used by most of our party as our regular - and it seemed like quite a good place. There's also PJ Clarkes and PJ Carneys within fairly easy walking distance.All in all, wouldn't hesitate to recommend.One final point, the yellow cab drivers seem to have picked up an annoying (and actually illegal) habit of casually asking you where you want to go before they set off - DONT let them do this - just get in the cab and tell them where they're going - they really have no choice. Real New Yorkers hate the fact that this has crept in. It happened to us once or twice till we got wise to it.	
Sep 23 2005	loved the warwick	This hotel was in the best position, if you love art, itis directly across from MOMA, it's just perfect, theatmosphere is right.......you get the feel of the citybut you can also escape.....the service was spot onand the rooms, although old-fashioned, they werequite large and very clean.....we had friends stayingin equally priced hotels around the city, and we hadthe winning deal for sure. Would stay again...x	
Sep 22 2005	Torn- good and not good	Well, my hubby and I returned from the Warwick last weekend. We loved the location, we loved the size, the history, the bar- it's self, the restaurant-it's self and the feel of the hotel. What we didn't love was the attitude of the cocktail waitresses, the lumpy bed, the view of the brick wall outside our $450 a night suite. When I mentioned the lumpy bed, I was told they were replacing all the beds and bedding from the top down. We were on the 11th floor. She did tell me to come back and try the new bed. I thought, pooh, why didn't I request a higher floor. Our suite was nicely decorated, the bath was very nice. The room was DARK. If you stay here, ask for a higher floor with a new bed and a street view room. I really loved being a block off 5th and so close to the park. I would say this was an okay, just fine place to stay. We like boutique hotels and would consider going back, but not for $450 a night and no lumpy bed!	
Sep 21 2005	A lovely place to stay in New York	I would agree with all the previous glowing reviews of this hotel. I have just got back from a long weekend there with my grown up son and we have nothing but praise for the hotel. The staff were helpful and pleasant in an unobtrusive way and we were very pleased with the accommodation. Obviously, the location couldn't be bettered. Being poor Brits, we weren't able to afford the elevated prices of the restaurant and only indulged once in cocktails in Randolphs bar, on our last night, but we thoroughly enjoyed the experience and could get used to it!On another matter, if anyone is planning to use the Supershuttle from the hotel to Newark airport, I would advise them, either, not to, or to allow at least five hours before departure! We allowed a full four hours to get to the airport but were worried at one point that we weren't going to make it. This was because the driver picked up two single passengers, after us, from far flung areas of the city, and then there was a massive traffic jam most of the way to the airport (we left at just before 5 pm). We really would try to choose some other form of transport next time. The checking in arrangements at Newark (the Continental desk) were totally chaotic and it did get quite worrying at one point. Although there are actually electronic checking in machines which are fairly easy to use, this was not pointed out to us and everyone had to join the same queue, regardless of where they were going.But back to the Warwick, yes, it was lovely.	
Sep 17 2005	FANTASTIC Better than image given by previous visitors	FANTASTIC, Prior to our stay from 25th-31st Aug, we had read many reviews on this site and alot of mixed opinions on the place. We were totally at easy with the hotel once settled, initially I was concerned that our room was very dark, but a good sized room, clean and comfy bed we were acceptable. You have plenty of cupboard space, an in-room safe, a hairdryer (which is v powerful as far as hotel dryers go!) and you could request a cofee machine if req. But honestly we love a coffee in the morning but the NYC buzz made you wanna just get up and go out and do the american thing and buy at starbucks!. Nana, was a gentleman who worked at concierge and what a fantastic man he was too, he was so polite, friendly &amp; helpful - by the end of our stay he was outside chatting away to us like a friend we had know for years - he really is a gem to find in a hotel, and please if you stay let him know :-)Location, Location, Location - If you are a smoker you have a lovely seating area across the road to people watch as you have your cig &amp; coffee from Starbucks which is just on next building down. The hotel is located in the best ever position for the whole island. You are an ave away from 5th or 7th and about 4 blocks up from Time Sq. and 2 blocks down from Central Park. Subway on next ave across and taxi's at your disposal everywhere. The streets were always busy, even at midnight so no fear of feeling threatened.Truely &amp; honestly I have been to many cities inc. London on several occassions, and for a brit to say this it must be true... I felt safer in NYC than I did in London, Manchester or even Glasgow! Ok I didn't have a bag on my shoulder nor did I flash my camera around etc but it was really at ease despite the fact I had pet-talked my hubby prior to trip to be very vigilant and cautious etc, I am a total safety freak, but I never felt the need at all - it was just superb.Back to the hotel sorry, renovations are currently taking place to launch a newer, larger reception area so did have some congestion issues at times but nothing unacceptable. The staff were excellent and helpful, the bar was a relaxing experience with above the call of duty service - thank you.No problems with lifts, communication or demands - everything dealt as requested. Oh except the tv kept amending the volume up and down on its own.....! hubby says batteries were low, OK I am not totally in belief but I do scare easily so I went with that one!I do babble I'm sorry, beds were hugh and so comfy, we had no issues sleeping except the air-con was slightly noisy so some nights it was turned off, the view was of the back gally so not nice, but hey who wants to look out of window when you can go out in person to the city that never sleeps.Handy-Tip: In NYC 6 days, on last day only found the Rockafella Centre's underground shopping mall and eatery inc. NBC which is great if you are a tv fan, you can have your picture super-imposed onto the tv set of your choice, we went for friends :-)ESB is amazing, we went up twice! Central Park we only got round about a 5th but the zoo is defentatly worth a visit the penguins are amazing as is the polar bear.Time-Sq. We thought was brill, if you have a chance go to the outside doorway of the electrical shop next door to TGI's and look up into the corner and you see a small camera, security camera? NO it is a web-cam. Prior to going click onto earthcam.com time square and find it, the picture basically has a few telephone stands and paper stands behind the path and you just capture TGI's in the top left corner of screen, but we worth visiting and calling a friend when u are there and they can take your picture.Otherwise go to time-square visitors centre and interact via live-cam picture or video messages to those back home, funny and free!Ok so I think I have taken up too much space already, but one last thing on NYC BASEBALL go to a Yankee's game, a once in a lifetime experience if you are not from the states, amazing family friendly &amp; fun day out we loved it, 10-3 win to yanks - Go Yankees!!!!!!We did almost everything, including the fire &amp; the police museums, most definately worth a visit. Both had a big section on 9/11 which was heart-pulling but you needed to see it all to believe it, as you do ground zero, my heart just dropped when we arrived, silence was chilling, but definately brings the reality and perhaps more understanding of what actully happened. If I can help with anything else from this trip, just drop me a linejax	
Sep 14 2005	Loved it	I stayed at The Warwick Sep.9 thru Sep.12 with a friend and her 13year old daughter. Before our arrival I had emailed with several questions and there were always answers emailed the very next day. When we arrived the bellmen seemed to be very anxious to help and very polite. They stored our bags for half a day as we arrived well before check-in.The hotel was clean and well appointed even in the (small) elevators. Our room was beautiful with a great view. The only problem we encountered was that some thoughtless self-centered person had been smoking (heavily) in our nonsmoking room prior to us being there. I do not believe this could have been helped by the hotel staff.	
Sep 13 2005	Wonderful Stay at the Warwick	In reading some of the previous posts, I was a bit skeptical about what we were getting. I have absolutely no complaints whatsoever about the Warwick, it's staff or amenities. My husband sent my 8-year old daughter and I to New York as an end of summer trip.The hotel was as I had expected, a vintage place to stay, very clean and well maintained. We had no problems with the elevators even though they were remodeling the lobby (gave my daughter a teddy bear for the inconvenience - very nice gesture). The room was a very good size - room 521 - and overlooked Avenue of the Americas. We were able to walk to pretty much every major NYC attraction and if a cab was needed, we didn't have to wait too long or go too far.The hotel staff were quite pleasant (even though we never did get our clock radio - but we didn't really need it anyway). I have give a special thanks to the staff at Randolphs Bar. They were wonderful. We made it a point to stop in there every evening for a good night beverage because they were all so nice to me and my daughter. Sake (spelling?) was wonderful with his ideas for our next day excursions, the bartenders and the rest of the waitstaff were so helpful and truly interested in our stay in NY. Thank you!!We are looking forward to making this an annual trip and will stay at the Warwick from now on.	
Sep 7 2005 	Location location location...	This was my third stay at the Warwick hotel. Although I consider it a tad pricey (I wish I had the room rate of a previous reviewer!), it is well worth it. The location is key. You're within walking distance of many NYC attractions, and if needed, taxis are always available at the hotel. There is an Irish restaurant directly across the street, which has good food upstairs, and a great bar downstairs. The rooms are very clean and a comfortable size. I never had any problems with waiting for an elevator. I did however, feel one of the doormen was a bit snotty, and not very helpful. Maybe he was just having an &quot;off&quot; day. I would stay at the Warwick again, and recommend it to travelers.	
Aug 31 2005	great feeling	I have stayed in several hotels in NYC but by far this was the best, no noisey hallways or crowds of people in and out and the walls were insulated so noise level was mininal . The rooms were clean and room serice was prompt and if you needed anything they were there.Everytime we go back we stay here because we know the rooms as well as the staff are the best you can get in such a busy city.	
Aug 28 2005	fantastic location	This hotel was very good - the location is excellent. 3 mins walk from 5th avenue shopping, 5 mins walk from Broadway &amp; Central Park. Inside the hotel was very clean and tidy - the rooms are clean, comfortable and well stocked. The only bad thing were that you sometimes had to wait a while for the lifts. Would certainly stay there again. Fantastic time, fantastic city.	
Aug 27 2005	Best for the money	I was lucky enough to get a room for about $125/ night. This is an old hotel with tons of charm. Yes the elevators are small but they have a 30's feel to them. The marble floors were rich and elegant. It's just blocks from Radio City Music Hall. I was impressed with the over all value and I felt like I was staying in a 5 star hotel.	
Aug 21 2005 	Business Stay -- No Problems	Recently stayed at the Warwick for an overnight business stay. Had some misgivings, based on some prior reviews, but I experienced no problems whatsoever. Yes, the lobby is small (but i didn't spend a lot of time in the lobby) and yes, the three elevators are small, but more than adequate, with only brief waits. The The room was as requested (king bed, non-smoking) and much, much larger than the average NY hotel room. The room was clean, quiet and comfortable and the staff was professional, all I could really ask for in a business stay.	
Aug 16 2005	Wonderful for the price.	We knew before hand that we were not going to be able to check in when we arrived because our flight came in at 7:30am. But when we got there just to have them hold our bags they went ahead and let us check in at 9am, which allowed us to freshen up after a long red eye flight. The room was big (for NY) clean and had eveyrthing we needed. The bell staff was very helpfull in directions and where to eat.. recommended &quot;Le Bonne Soup&quot; on 57th between 6th and 5th.. great little french place. Housekeeping was very attentive and checking out was a breeze. We needed to print our boarding passes and even though the Business room was being remodeled they still let us use it. GREAT LOCATION. Rockefeller center, Chrystler building, Times Square, all of the theatres and subway stops are all withing walking distance. Lots of little delis and diners for breakfast and diner. Also just a block from 5th Ave for a little shopping. We will definitely stay at the Warwick for all of our trips to NYC!	
Aug 1 2005	Highly Recommend	My wife and I visited New York for the first time this past week. Since this was our 35th anniversary, I started researching the trip months ago and chose the Warwick through Travelocity. We were absolutely pleased with our choice. The staff was excellent. Very courteous and helpful. The price, when compared to other Manhattan Hotels was reasonable. The room was small but very nice. The location was perfect. Times Square, Central Park, NBC Studios, Radio City and Broadway were all within easy walking distance and the subway was easy to get to. We will definitely go back to New York and when we do we will definitely stay at the Warwick.	
Aug 1 2005	Satisfactory but we'll keep looking for our next visit	Our family of four stayed at The Warwick on July 28, 2005. The hotel was older but well-kept from what we saw. We had room 2601/2602 which ended up being a sort of junior suite. Unfortunately, we had two young children with us and the sofa was not a sofa bed as I had booked. The front desk however did send up a rollaway bed when asked.The location is good as mentioned and we walked to Times Square and FAO Swartz near Central Park. There is a Hilton right across the street at which we stayed on Jan 1, 2004, which is probably more preferable for us in the future. The Warwick's elevators (as would be expected in the historic building that it is- built by William Randolph Hearst for his paramour Marion Davies) are indeed small. The service could use improvement, particularly the front door staff. The bellhops were helpful storing our luggage however.The best element by far was the restaurant, Murals on 54. The food was okay, but we had great service. The staff were WONDERFUL with the three kids we dined with at breakfast. The staff were attentive, courteous, couldn't have asked for better. It also didn't hurt that the buffet for the 1, 3 and 6 old children were free. The recent remodel was very nice.	
Jul 25 2005	Very Very dissapointed Service was horrible	I expected lots from this property. The room was okay but the service was horrible from the non-attentive bellman staff, the less than friendly hotel desk to the food server with literally NO personality. Seeing that I work in the hospitality Industry my expectations are high we arrived struggling through the doors with 8 pieces of luggage there were 3 bellman on and NOT ONE of them stepped forward with a cart or to offer assistance at all. Housekeeping removed a stuffed animal from our room by accident we called down stairs the previous evening to notify them no one called the following morning even though we let them know that we would be checking out on that morning. The good thing is the location, the rooms are about medium size not much room for a whole lot of luggage so keep this in mind if you are traveling with children for a extended stay with lots of items. Security staff was kind and friendly (took my ice bucket for me when I couldn't find the ice machine of my floor and brought back ice) Went down for breakfast (2 adults and 2 teenage girls) the bill was $100.00 and they added on automatic 18% gratuity to the check the Service was extremely lacking! we had been seated and waited about (at least it felt like) 10 minutes before the server came over to acknowledge us. Then it took 4-Ever for the food to come out the server never even TRIED to console us about the length of time it was taking for the food to come out.	
Jul 19 2005	Awesome Location	My husband and I spent four exciting days in New York City thanks to The Warwick Hotel. There were many great qualities about The Warwick, but the location was the best by far!!! The hotel is not the most luxerious, but definitely above average. It is very old with all many neat characteristics of an older building. After arriving on a red-eye, from California, we were very tired.The front desk quickly took care of us and got us to our room. My husband and I were hungry, so we asked the helpful front desk staff where we should go. They pointed us in the right direction and we started to explore. We walked to the corner and immediately saw Radio City Music Hall to our left. It took us five minutes to walk to the heart of Times Square. We were in walking distance to Rockerfellow Plaza, Broadway, Times Square, Radio City Music Hall, Central Park, The Museum of Modern Art, The Ed Sullivan Theatre, MTV headquarters and many more exciting landmarks. We even walked back from a trip to the top of The Empire State Building. The money you save on cab fare alone is worth it! My husband and I almost walked everywhere.The room was inviting. It had crown mouldings, a beautiful granite and marble bathroom, nice furniture, a comfortable bed, and more than enough room for the two of us.I will recommend The Warwick Hotel to family who are visiting New York City later this year and would have no hesitations to stay there again.	
Jul 12 2005	Great location but	Great location, but a few things about the hotel itself. The elevators are very small. At busy times, there was at least a 10 minute wait. One time, the maid gave us a ride down the service elevators! We had a pretty good suite except that the smoke alarm was hanging by the wires. We had 3 people and requested 2 queen beds, but got a room with 1 king bed. Was offered a rollaway early evening, but when arrived back at the hotel at 11:15PM, no rollaway! The front desk clerks were not very friendly or accomodating. Requested a coffee maker and received one with a pot that didn't fit or work with the coffee maker. Coffee maker was not cleaned out each day and replenished. Battery in one of the remotes was dead. One of the phones was not plugged in. Overall the suite was very nice. The attendant did a very good job cleaning up our suite. The front desk and management needs improvement.	
Jul 12 2005 	The Worst Ever	This was the worst hotel I've stayed in. The bed was worn out, the pillows smelled like feet, and the paint was peeling on the walls of the room. The staff was very rude. I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jul 12 2005	Spacious Rooms but Spotty Service	Our first visit to NYC so I don't have a lot to compare it to.Rooms are spacious but inconsistencies in service abound.We stayed for a week in a suite - a bedroom with 2 beds was booked but not available on our 8pm arrival. A rollaway bed made it to the room after 2 telephone calls and 3 hours later.Turndown service was performed but only when asked for, then one evening it was missed. Service is spotty - somethings get done right away when requested, other times the ball is dropped. We could not get a dirty room service tray picked up for over 24 hrs until I put it in the staff elevator area.Doorman/bellman service in the lobby is very hit or miss - the bell staff hide in the back room when not busy and miss opportunities for service unless you make noise.Rooms and other public areas are clean and well maintened and staff seems sincere. This is a great location and rooms are spacious and clean but decor is dated.	
Jul 8 2005	great hotel 	We got our room through expedia so it was the superior at the back of the hotel. We had a room with a view of a wall but I already knew that. The room was very nice. On the first morning we were there there was a problem with the elevators, so I was upset because of the wait. I complained and the girl was very nice and apologized for the inconvenience and offered me an upgrade in a lower level. The room was great with a view of 6th ave. The whole staff was attentive and great. The location is great and I loved the hotel and its old charm. Don't listen to the negative reviews some people just like to complain about everythin!! I will surely stay at Warwick ever time in New York.	
Jul 7 2005	Definitely needs work	My husband and I stayed in a suite at the Warwick over a July weekend. While the location can't be beat (just blocks from Times Sq, Central PArk, Fifth Ave, etc), the hotel certainly can. We paid nearly $400 for the suite each night and could have found a much nicer room somewhere else for that. Just because it's old doesn't mean its charming. The elevators are tiny, take forever and even got stuck a few times with people in them during our stay. A scale in our bathroom was covered in muck and crud; the doors badly needed painting; the tub didn't drain well; the beds were rock hard (I still have neck pain); and the gestapo at the front desk was far from helpful. Ice machines were on every other floor.When we arrived early, they told us that we would have to wait until 3 p.m. to check in unless we wanted to pay $200 for early check in (we're talking lunchtime check-in, too, after a red-eye flight from San Francisco). Then they weren't eager to help us store our bags when we decided not to pay the extra fee. The minibar was lacking. The lights in our room were burned out; the hairdryer didn't work.In all, it wasn't very nice. I think they're trying to go for old New York charm, but they just got old. And a note to future travlers -- I saw plans for a major 2005 renovation on the front desk. That means construction in the near future. Avoid it. Avoid the hotel regardless.	
Jul 4 2005	hated it	I was extremely disapointed with this hotel. I stayed in an executive room, with a king size bed. It was shabby to say the least. The whole place looks run down. The bed was extremely uncomfortable. The couches and chairs in the room where stained and worn in, and we had to wait ten minutes for the elevator each time. I felt like i was in a motelThe Warwick is a definate NO. So dont bother satying there	
Jun 26 2005	Warwick has a Great Location	We recently returned from six days in New York. We booked the Warwick New York through a package deal on Expedia. The location was terrific. It is at the corner of 54th Street and 6th Avenue, walking distance to Times Square, Central Park, Broadway, Rockefeller Center, and shopping on 5th Avenue. MOMA is right across the street. Subway stations are within two blocks. Our room was an interior room on the sixth floor which turned out to be a great location. It was quiet and a short elevator ride to the lobby. There are only three small elevators and one was out of order for a short time during our stay so there were a couple of long waits for elevators. The hotel offered us an upgrade to a room with a view (for an additional charge) but we didn't need it. Contrary to some other reviews, my spouse said the bed was the most comfortable hotel bed he has slept in (we had a king bed). The room, while not large, was bigger than we expected. The bathroom was fine, though we had to ask the maid to replenish the soap once. The hotel staff was courteous, however, the concierge is non-existent. One afternoon we called to get recommendations for dinner and were transferred to an answering machine. We never received a return call. The service in the bar is atrocious. The bar was often busy with both hotel guests and people off the street but usually there were only a bartender and one wait person on duty.Some suggestions for meals: the Redeye Grill on 7th Avenue &amp; 56th near Radio City Music Hall is excellent; Patsy's on 56th between Broadway &amp; 8th has wonderful traditional southern Italian food. Both had excellent service but were pricey. We grabbed quick breakfasts at a deli on 53rd between 6th and 7th. It was busy but reasonably priced.	
Jun 25 2005	Not great	Our room was near the elevators and the hotel gym. All night long, we could hear other guests coming and going. The staff was also very snobby toward us. It's a great location but there are other nearby hotels that I would choose instead.	
Jun 22 2005	Pleasant surprise	I was told to stay on the Upper West Side for the neighborhood feel, but Travelocity had such a good deal on the Warwick that I couldn't pass it up. What a great decision! The location was perfect, the room was large and clean, the staff was friendly and helpful. We were on the 22nd floor and could hear some traffic noise, but nothing to keep us awake after full days of sightseeing. I'd stay at the Warwick again without a doubt.	
Jun 8 2005	Great hotel made our trip 5 star	We booked through Expedia, got a free upgrade to an executive room, stayed 5 nights, ordered room service for breakfast and had a fantastic time. BRILLIANT location, just a few blocks from Times Square, lovely room &amp; bathroom, great service, comfy bed, everything worked, nice view, helpful staff. Would recommend to anyone.	
Jun 4 2005	Oasis in the concrete jungle	Just returned from NYC and stayed at the Warwick four days. It was my first visit. I thought it was super and would love to stay there again.Room was bright and attractive. The bed was WONDERFUL. Linens and towels were very clean, loved the old fashioned ambiance. Randolph's is a nice place to kick back at the end of the day.The staff was very friendly and accommodating. All in all, a total winner!Oh and did I mention the location? You just can't do better. Close enough to Times Square/B'way but not TOO close... everything is in walking distance.	
May 24 2005	Can't fault it!!	I have read the bad reviews like everyone else - but our experience couldn't have been more different. After a long, long journey from the UK, we were actually greeted with a smile!! That makes a big difference I can tell you. In all, the staff were never less than courteous and helpful and often were downright pleasant. On finding the in-room safe wasn't working on our evening arrival, the security man was on the spot in minutes and the safe was fixed first thing the next morning. We used the main safety deposit in the meantime.The deluxe room was very spacious and well appointed. The mini bar is expensive but then have you ever seen one that isn't - at least it was there for emergencies!I had previously requested a &quot;cityscape&quot; view and this was provided. We were on the 22nd floor and slept like babies.The room was not going to win any innovative design prizes - fairly traditional looking furniture, etc - but the room was spotless and far from tired looking.The location is superb - strolling distance from a multitude of essential sites, including the theatre district. Couldn't possibly be nearer to MoMA! Go to Rosens deli for breakfast (next to St. Pat's) - just a 10 minute stroll.We really liked the hotel and intend to go back.	
May 17 2005	Really enjoyed it	I was rather worried about staying at the Warwick after reading some of the reviews here, but was very relieved upon arrival to the hotel. Check-in was a breeze and we were escorted right up to our room. Now, I've stayed in many many hotels in New York, including the Plaza, and my first comment upon entering the room at the Warwick was &quot;Oh my God, it's huge!&quot; I don't believe I've ever stayed in that large of a room in NYC before. Granted, we did get an executive level room, a step above the deluxe, and also the room is about the size of a large room anywhere else in the country, but rooms in this city are normally so small in this city it felt like paradise. Our view was of 6th Avenue, no brick walls in sight. Only snafu was a clogged shower drain the first morning....water was up to my ankles by the time I was done. We mentioned it to the front desk and it was taken care of by the time we returned that afternoon. But all in all, a very pleasant stay. My husband bought me roses one day and upon entering the lobby, someone at the front desk noticed them and immediately asked if we needed a vase, and one was sent right up. Great location, nice bar in the lobby (expensive, but where the heck isn't in New York??), nice staff. Would return.	
May 13 2005	Absolutely Loved It!	I booked this hotel for a group of 10 people so felt terribly responsible for the choice! I had read the reviews on Trip Advisor and after a previous stay in New York, was recommended this hotel by someone I met in a restaurant.We arrived on Saturday, 7th May and returned home on the 12th. We booked direct with the hotel as all the usual British websites could not arrange the booking. This meant that we paid top whack but we weren't disappointed!The five rooms I booked all differed but each one had its own charm with different characteristics. I asked for a coffee maker and it appeared within ten minutes. We had a problem with the toilet blocking one morning but on ringing housekeeping, someone arrived to unblock it within five minutes and five minutes after he left, a cleaner arrived to clean the bathroom floor.As we all drifted into breakfast in the morning - normally two at a time - we were seated in various parts of the breakfast room. If one couple were seated on a table for two and another couple from my party turned up, they offered to move us onto a table for four! We commented that this would never happen in the UK! Once you're sat at a table, they would not allow you and your food to move - thus dirtying another table!All in all, a fabulous hotel in a great location. Staff were friendly, helpful and very polite. We will return to the Warwick when we return to New York! A great choice!!	
May 10 2005 	Wonderful	Excellent, clean suite. Very spacious. Front desk staff very helpful. Allowed me to print boarding passes in the business center for free. Bell/door staff very attentive. Restaurant food and service were very enjoyable. Room service breakfast was very very fast and food was hot. You really can't beat the location either. I would certainly choose the Warwick again.	
May 9 2005	Great for businees and fun	I stayed in New York City for 6 days during the first week in May. Over the last 15 years or so, I have spent a lot of time in NYC and many of the hotels in the area. One of my favorite hotels is the Warwick. While there are nicer hotels, and many not as nice, penny for penny I do not think this hotel can be beat. First, the location is ideal at the corner of 6th Avenue and 54th street. You are minutes from everywhere and the subway is only a couple of blocks away. Second, the rooms are large for NYC standards and were recently updated. Third, the lobby is small so you do not get the feeling you are in a large tourist hotel.I was in town for business then fun. I found the staff most helpful. As for the fun, we were only blocks away from things and could walk when cabs became scarce. I would certainly recommend this hotel to anyone.	
May 9 2005	Great hotel in a great location	We had a wonderful stay at the Warwick. We had read the reviews and found out most of them were right on. Our room had a view of a brick wall and when we asked for the room with a view (for $30 more) we figured we'd spend that money elsewhere in the city! Our room was surprisingly quiet. Aside from the A/C not working it was everything we had hoped it would be. A big marble tiled bathroom and a large california king bed welcomed us in every nite from our walking tours around the city. The location was the best for the money. Central Park, 5th ave stores, Rockefeller plaza, broadway and Time square all within mere blocks!!!	
May 3 2005 	The Warwick - seen better days?	The room was tiny and dark; lamp light was necessary in the daytime, as my room's window looked out onto a dingy air shaft. The furniture was significantly chipped, scarred, and mismatched, the mattress hard. I wish I had taken pictures of this room. I concur with the reviewer who mentioned allergies, I found my eyes itching and watering etc. due to something in the air. I had returned to New York to take a college comprehensive exam for my masters degree, booking the Warwick via Expedia. I was excited to stay at this historical and elegant (as pictured on the website) hotel. For what I paid ($260+ per night) it was definitely a let down. I asked for a room change at the front desk but was told I had paid for the &quot;deluxe&quot; and would need to pay more to &quot;upgrade&quot; to a non-air shaft view. I'm sure such an illustrious hotel would have higher quality accommodations; Cary Grant lived there for goodness sake! But either they have quite a disparity in room offerings (and thus prices?) and/or the management has changed and it is not what it used to be. I felt as though the hotel cared less about my satisfaction. That is not the way to impress clientel, in my humble opinion. I could deal with all this for just two nights, since I wanted to study for my exam, but most memorable and disheartening was the rudeness of the staff! According to the hotel description, a coffee pot was included in the room rate and would be there upon arrival. As it was not, I requested one. The man who delivered it practically threw it at me. On top of that, upon checkout, I was charged a per day EXTRA surcharge fee! It wasn't a lot, but I felt cheated even further. I will give the Warwick credit for being in a good (though not spectacular) location. Unless you can afford to spend buckets of money on a hotel, I would not recommend the Warwick, because you just don't know what you'll get.	
May 1 2005	Expected better	I expected better from this hotel. I nearly tripped over the huge roll in the carpet. It obviously needed stretched. The carpet also had several white bleach stains. yuk! The bathroom was a joke. The sink blocked half the tub, I could sit on the toilet ($2.00 plastic seat) and open the door. The marble sink was another joke.... it was was square with metal legs... looked like an old laundry tub that was re-covered in marble. The decor was dingy, the tv was cheap and old, and bring your own iron unless you want to burn your clothes. The elevators were tiny, comical... fitting 8 people was a squeeze. The location was pretty good, located between Times Square and Central Park, and close to a subway stop. I had a great time in NYC, but would definitely not stay in this hotel again, and would also get a hotel with a view of Times Square because it is magnificent at night.	
Apr 27 2005	Third stay	We took cousins who had never been to NYC in Sept 2004. We had stayed at the Warrick Hotel twice before and had had good experiences both times so we chose it again even though the price was higher than some others. We were not disappointed as the room was nice, clean and quiet and the staff was quite efficient and pleasant. It is a great location with only a two block walk to the subway at Radio City Music Hall. We like it because it is close to lots of museums and not far from the shopping on 5th Ave or the plays in the theatre district. We will stay there again when we return.	
Apr 18 2005	Great time at the Warwick	We had a superior king room on the 9th floor, a bit dark as the window in the room faced a wall but a lot bigger than we were expecting. The bathroom was large &amp; all facilities worked fine. The minibar was very expensive but just outside the hotel was a 'man in a van' selling coffee juice pastries etc. We ate breakfast in the restaurant (excellent selections) fairly expensive but tremendously convenient especially on the first day before you get your bearings. Times Square is 10mins walk away as are the great shopping areas. We didnt use the subway as taxis are plentiful &amp; reasonable but boy the drivers are something else, ours from the airport crashed into the back of a parked lorry on our terror ride! Many others however were excellent. We also ate in Randolphs and the meal was fine but a bit overpriced (pretty much to be expected though in a hotel). The staff were all very pleasant &amp; helpful &amp; our only real complaint was we elected to pay cash for our bill &amp; our credit card was charged anyway despite me trying to pay twice &amp; being told our card wouldnt be charged. A young manager told us repeatedly he would sort it out but didnt &amp; this I felt let the rest of his team down. We had no problems with the lifts &amp; everywhere we went in the hotel was clean. We would definitely stay here again as it is superbly placed to get around &amp; we felt safe at all times in the areas to &amp; from the hotel.	
Apr 7 2005	Perfect Location	We have just returned from a 4 night stay at The Warwick. Check-in was quick and easy and our room. although lacking a good view (we faced a corner of the building which looked over to other near-by rooms) was certainly spacious with a pleasant bathroom. It is true that the room didn't really look as 'deluxe' as the picture on the website, but it was clean and reasonably furnished, and we had no real complaints. We had breakfast in the hotel on one morning which, although expensive, was excellent and kept us going most of the day. The bar was also very expensive (£6 for a glass of red wine!) but, on the other hand, the service and the general atmosphere was very good. Indeed, all the staff at the hotel (and in New York generally) were exceptionally friendly, courteous and welcoming. The wonderful thing about this hotel is its location. I can't imagine a better place to be to explore this fantastic city. The area feels very safe, and we were perfectly happy walking everywhere, even late at night when we returned from the theatre etc. We would certainly stay here again.	
Apr 6 2005	What it said on the tin.	Excellent location, larger than average rooms, traditionally furnished. Good housekeeping, quiet. All staff encountered were helpful.	
Apr 4 2005	Nice But	I was in NYC with my family for 4 days, and stayed at the Warwick. While the hotel is lovely, the bathroom was so tiny it was almost comical. The room, on the other hand, was quite large and comfortable.The heating unit was unbelieveably problematic. Every time the unit kicked in, there was loud banging and rattling. What a mess! It kept waking all of us!The hotel also forgot our wake-up call on Saturday!The experience was lovely but I think I would pick another hotel for our next visit to the City.	
Apr 4 2005	False Advertisement- Old Dingy Rooms	We stayed at the Warwick in Manhattan for seven nights in a “Deluxe Double Room”. We were very disappointed and would not recommend this hotel. I put a lot of energy into planning our family vacation and would like to voice my experience. We decided to put out the extra money and stayed at the Warwick based on photos and advertisement from their brochure and website. Their brochure states “The 426 renovated, oversized guest rooms and suites are luxuriously appointed in a classic European Style, with all the modern conveniences”. We did not experience this.The room we were given did not look like the one on the Warwick website or the brochure they pass out at the front desk. I complained to staff at the front desk and asked for a different room. I pointed to the photo on their brochure and told them that I wanted a room that had the beautiful yellow and blue bedspread. In a rather assertive manner; the staff member denied my request.Our room had hard mattresses, old dingy bedspreads and curtains, thin scratchy sheets, a tub that didn’t drain, a loud whistling sound outside the room window, and a cheap looking 20-inch Magnavox TV. Everything in this room was old and the room maintenance was poor. After two nights of poor sleep, I asked for a new room, they granted my request. The new room had hard beds and the same the old dingy furnishing, with a blow dryer that didn’t work. We had a great time in New York, plan to go back but will not stay at the Warwick.	
Mar 29 2005	Just what we wanted	We (I am a middle-aged woman with a 14 year old daughter) stayed at the Warwick for eight days in a deluxe room with two double beds. The exterior of the building is gorgeous and the lobby is charming. Murals on 54th is an excellent restaurant, though I got food poisoning from the tuna. However, these little things happen and the food really was excellent. Randolphs bar is a great place to sit and have a cappucino after a tiring day of NY site seeing. Our room was very large which is perfect for two people who occasionally need their own space. It was not supremely decorated (the pictures of the rooms on the website are deceiving, though the pictures of every other part of the hotel are accurate) but the space was really the most important thing. We were on the 22nd floor so the noise of the city was really not much of a problem. The mini bar is horendously over priced but there is a very nice grocery store only a block away that has anything you might need. The hotel will supply a refridgerator and coffee machine ON REQUEST - but unless you find out for yourself that they have them they will not point out that they can give you these amenities. It is worth it though to get them - but the fridge was a little noisy. The hotel employees are eager to please and usually very helpful - it would be a good idea to get a map of the area from them. the location was SUPREME - it could not have been better. There are a couple very quaint Italian restaurants around there - they are nice, quiet and the food is excellent. The hotel is a block from the subway station and very close to broadway and fifth avenue. The best shopping is in Chinatown and SoHo which are easily accessible by subway. The most important thing when going to NYC is BRING COMFY WALKING SHOES. YOU WILL BE DOING ALOT OF WALKING. Overall the Warwick was an excellent hotel to stay at in NYC - we would definitely go back.	
Mar 28 2005	Great location and hotel	The hotel is in a fantastic location - you can get anywhere in the city easily and quickly. The room was large for NYC standards, and very attractive. The staff answered any questions we had and were very helpful. I highly recommend it!	
Mar 28 2005	Great Experience	We stayed at this hotel for five nights, March 21-26, and it was a very pleasant experience. Check in was very quick, and our &quot;Superior Room&quot;, which is their basic room, was well above our expectations. It looked exactly as the pictures on their website had. It was a very nice size compared to what I'd heard of NYC rooms. We booked through Expedia and had asked for a non-smoking room with a king bed, but were not guarunteed we'd get that; I was very happy to get exactly what we'd asked for. The bathroom was very impressive, completely renovated, with marble floors and counters and an extra, great magnifying mirror to the side. We stayed on the back of the hotel, so there was no view, but there was also no street noise, which was a plus.The location is awesome; we felt very, very safe. It is few minutes walk from 5th Ave shopping, Rockefeller Center, Time Square, and for sites further, the subway is closeby. The doorman was friendly and got our cab as we were leaving.For the most part it was a very nice stay, however, every hotel has it's down points. We usually had a question or two each evening (ex. what's the fastest way to get to Time Square? Is the subway open all night?), questions that may seem silly to NY residents, but as first time visitors we simply didn't know the answers. When my husband would call for answers the hotel operator was a little rude. The room was under my name, but even when it was obviously my husband he still insisted on calling him Mrs. Davis, and he interrupted often. He seemed to be too busy to give us any real attention. Also, though the room was generally very quiet, if there was anyone in the halls, for instance the maids in the mornings, it was like they were in the room with us. We were awakened most mornings by maids knocking on other doors. Plus, there was a very odd sqeaking noise coming from the ceiling, and it could be very loud at times, usually in the morning. Room service was extremely expensive, as was the mini bar, but there's a wonderful pub/restaurant across the street for people on a tighter budget.I would still definiltely stay at The Warwick again if we got the same wonderful deal we received through Expedia.	
Mar 27 2005	Awesome	Booked a room on-line at the hotel's website for a night for the cheapest room, when I checked in I asked politely if any upgrades were a available and a very nice girl gave us a 2 room penthouse suite that normally went for 499 a night on a floor with 4 rooms. Treat people nice here and you will get the same in return. Room and service were fabulous !!	
Mar 24 2005	Loved it!!	I was a little nervous about going to this one after reading previous reviews, but it was fab. The staff were really nice and helpful. When we got there I asked for a smoking room, and they upgraded us to a room on the 21st Floor. It was really nice and comfortable. Other reviews said about the thin walls. This was true, but I don't think it's the hotels fault, it's old. Noisy neighbours show ignorance on the tourists part. Two nights I had the neighbours from hell, but I called front desk and they sent some one up to ask that they keep the noise down (at 2.30am) and they did.The location is SUPERB. Shop till you drop. The food in Mural 54 was really nice. maybe a little over priced, but the staff were great and the food delicious. I would highly recommend it.	
Mar 22 2005	Loved my stay in New York	My mom and I traveled to Manhattan in early Sept. It was it was our first trip back east from California. The weather was slightly humid , with some rain the first couple days of our trip, although it didn't change our plans. Our stay at theWarwick (great location), was very pleasant. Clean and spacious room. Great walking distance to Fifth Ave., Rockerfeller Center, Carnagie Deli, theater district, subway and the Rocketts. The eats were outrageous and the time spent in this great city was very memorable. Looking forward to a trip back. I have to say although it was a great trip, I still love my San Francisco.	
Mar 12 2005	Not like the web site	The lobby and the room did not look anything like the web site photos for the New York City Hotel. The first room had a hole in the carpet and was dingy and dark, we had to stay one night and then was moved to a brighter room but not like advertised on the web site. The staff was rude and not at all helpful. If you are completely independent and do not care about the room --this is the place for you. The location is very good. We did love the bar-it is warm and cozy although not quick service. The restraunt is new so it needs some work, again, rude service if you got any.	
Mar 12 2005 	Location Location Location!	Our stay was a hair's breadth away from Excellent. When checking in, Reception reminded us that our 29th floor room had no view (but we weren't there to look out a window!) which we certainly appreciated. The room was blissfully quiet and large by NYC standards. We also liked the non-cookie-cutter room. Our interactions with staff were excellent. Sure, the bar is pricey, but the free entertainment (people watching inside and outside) and warm yet professional staff turned it into a sanctuary, especially when rain turned to snow and wind gusts brought the outside temps to the equivalent of zero. Murals on 54 and room service also met all our expectations.The only potential negative related to the elevators. They are small and if you need one during a popular transition time, it could prove to be tricky if your room is on a lower floor since they can fill up on the higher floors. And to really nitpick -- the temperature calibration for the shower required different pressure to go warmer temps.The positives: Location!!! MOMA is across the street. Theatre and shopping just steps away. Great staff. And we loved our room.	
Mar 4 2005	Warwick Recommended	We stayed at the Warwick, 54th and 6th Ave., in October 2004, and were very pleased. We made reservations 2 months in advance, which is not a bad idea when going to NYC. We checked in &amp; were taken to our room. It was near the elevator so we asked for another room, based on past experience with elevator noise. The bellman told us the hotel was sold out, but phoned the desk. We were then offered a full suite for the same price as the room we were first offered. The suite was the only available room in the hotel. We accepted, of course.Service here was very good during our 4 night stay. Room service food was excellent. There is a full service restaurant, plus a lounge which also serves snack-type foods.The location is 4 blocks from Central Park, a couple of blocks from Carnegie Hall, and 5th Avenue shopping, and a 10 minute walk to Times Square and the theatre district.The hotel is very clean, friendly, and attractive. There is no concierge, per se, but the bell and desk staff took care of our needs. We'll definitely stay there again.	
Mar 3 2005	Great Location	Great location, pre booked through Travelocity. They sent a voucherwhich i handed over to reception on checking in.They allocated a room on the 5th floor overlooking 6th ave. it looked brilliant but on closer inspection we heard an almighty whistling noise coming from the window. it turned out the window didnt close properly and with the temp at -4 outside this sent a huge cold draught around the room. Went down to reception and they changed rooms to one on the 12th floor with no view but warmer and quiet !.Pleasant hotel, bar expensive but you dont have to drink there. Will return to New York as there was a huge amount we didnt see, but will stay in a different hotel.	
Feb 23 2005	Fine Hotel and Location	We stayed at the Warwick from February 12 to 15, 2005 whilst visiting from the UK and had much the same opinions of the hotel as other reviewers. The rooms were especially large for New York and the location was perfect.I agree that the lounge bar was expensive and failed on three occasions to even get a table in there as it is a little small. Found also that the restaurant was restrictingly expensive, but who wants to dine in your hotel in a city like New York anyway?!The lobby was small and seemed a little claustrophobic. I have stayed in lesser hotels with more lobby facilities (such as the Milford Plaza), however this is a small point.My one gripe is that I paid, in advance, through Expedia for a family room. I was a little disappointed to find that there was a $30 plus tax charge per night in addition for our 8 year old daughter. When I pay up front, I don't appreciate an extra $108 to pay at the end, but perhaps the fault was with Expedia and not the Warwick.All in all, a thoroughly good stay in a hotel that I can heartily recommend.	
Feb 22 2005	Not all that	I stayed here from the 5th-10th Jan 2005. Though in a great location near to Times Square, and with polite and attentive staff, The Warwick is a very old fashioned hotel, with old chintzy decor. I can see that it must have been most glamourous in its day, but I think its more had its day now.The bathrooms were on the small side, our toilet blocked twice during our stay, and most disgustingly I found a hardened used piece of chewing gum stuck to the night stand and the valance sheet on the bed was ripped, so I did have some concerns about how thoroughly the rooms were cleaned in between the changeover of visitors. For the price I'm sure there must be better alternatives, there was a massive Hilton hotel right across the road on 6th avenue which may have been better, too late for me but don't bother with this joint.	
Jan 27 2005	Highly Recommend It!	Husband and I stayed at The Wawick early December 2004. Very friendly Reception, fantastic suite overlooking Avenue of the Americas. Probably the most central hotel you could stay in. 4 mins from Central Park, 5 mins from 5th Avenue shopping and opposite MoMA. We would definitely stay again.	
Jan 25 2005	Warwick for New Years	Preface, the only other hotel I've stayed at in NYC is &quot;The W - Times Square&quot;.My wife and I, along with a friend, hastily planned a New Years trip to New York (the day before New Years). With no planning, we chose the Warwick based on about 30 seconds of internet research. We arrived the afternoon of the 31st, and soon met up with a friend who lives in the city. We headed over to the Warwick to toss our bags in the room, and the very friendly receptionist greeted us promptly. She noticed we just had one room for four people, and we explained it was just three, and it was just one night, so a bed and a couch would be fine. As she handed me the key-card to the &quot;suite&quot; I had no idea I was just hooked up.We arrived on the 12th floor, and noticed our room was actually two rooms, according to the placard outside. We entered, and were amazed to find a corner suite, with a foyer, living room area, and a seperate bedroom. Six full windows overlooking 54th and 6th. Amazing!Other than the generous upgrade, the other reason for the 5-stars is that while we had enjoyed the &quot;W Hotel&quot;, the Warwick felt more comfortable and well-warn in a good way. It was warm and cozy, and the bed and bath were both excellent.Our experience with the Warwick capped a perfect two day New Years visit.	
Jan 25 2005	Excellent Location	Stayed here for 6 nights. The location of this hotel is superb especially if you've never been to NYC before. So handy to everything, right in the middle of Midtown. I'm not sure I'd stay there again though as a bit pricey and now I have my bearings. Two alcholic drinks in the bar cost just over $20 so avoid that - there are plenty of cheaper places nearby. Never ate in the hotel either. Hotel was clean and after having to move room a few times due to them keeping allocating us one just outside the lifts (and one had an unclean bathroom) it was fine.	
Jan 21 2005	Great Christmas at the Warwick	We stayed at the Warwick hotel over the Christmas Holidays. It was a great place to stay, the location was very good and you could walk to Fifth Avenue and the Rockafeller Centre in five minutes. The bedroom was quite large and very clean and a coffie maker was brought up straight away as soon as I asked for one. The buffet breakfast was great value and kept us going all day, there was a good choice of hot food, fresh fruit and rolls and pastries. The service in the hotel was excellent, all the staff were polite and helpful. I would definately go back there again next time I visit New York.	
Jan 15 2005	great location	I stayed at the Warwick January 8 for only one night, but found the hotel just as advertised. I was able to check-in early, the room was spacious, clean and quiet and a large marble bathroom was comfortable. The front desk was courteous and this hotel is right on the corner of 6th Ave. &amp; 54th St. so its easy to walk to some subways or just walk yourself to your destination. Would return to the Warwick!	
Jan 11 2005	What a nightmare!!!	We arrived at the Warwick on 30.12.04 after about 12 hours travelling from the UK. Upon arrival at the hotel we proceeded to check-in at the reception desk. After waiting for about 10-15 minutes we were approached by Amy asking if she could help. I gave her our name, she proceeded to check her computer then went away. After about 5 minutes came back to inform us that there was a problem.She told us that there was no reservation for us under our name. We asked how this could be and she told us that the tour operator that we had booked with had not sent any confirmation to the hotel (we booked in May 2004). I proceeded to get the confirmation out of my bag and with that she shouted &quot;that is of no use to me&quot; and waving her hands at me. The way she spoke was totally unacceptable. No sympathy whatsoever. I burst into tears - the whole trip was ruined within minutes of arriving at the Warwick. My husband asked what could be done. She said that WE would have to call the tour operator in the UK to sort it out. She took a copy of my confirmation to fax over to them but that was it. It was out of her hands.My husband asked if we could have a room and she said yes and that it would have to be charged to a credit card etc and upon receipt of confirmation from our tour operator she would cancel the debit to the credit card.She gave us a room number, no indication where this room was so we had to find it ourselves. Useless was not the word I would use. We proceeded to the room only to find it in darkness. Outside was bright blue skies but not in our room. She had given us a room next to a skyscraper - we had 24hr darkness. We did not have any ventilation in the room. It was terrible. But we had to be thankful for anything!We kept asking reception if they had received confirmation of our booking but would just shrug their shoulders. My husband got up at 5am to call our tour operators direct. They had the booking confirmed and said that they would sort it out for us. We proceeded to just try and enjoy what was left of our holiday. We heard nothing from reception again.On 1 January we asked reception if they had confirmation yet - their reply &quot;yes we have&quot;. Why could they not have let us know? Totally unacceptable.Anyone going to New York stay clear of the Warwick Hotel, total and utter rubbish. Service poor, no management skills. We had to make the best of what was a terrible start. We were up most mornings at 6am just to get out of our room and would stay out until quite late.All in all we enjoyed sightseeing etc but the hotel was a real let down	
Dec 20 2004	Average at best...	I stayed at the Warwick Hotel on 12/17-12/19. I had reserved a room with a King size bed, but upon arrival was told that I had been &quot;upgraded&quot; to a Deluxe room with a queen size bed. I believe the &quot;upgrade&quot; terminology was a lie as the room did not seem to have any extra amenities. I think the lie was a way of getting around the &quot;King&quot; bed request. The room was average at best with the bathroom being above average, but most other aspects average to slightly below average. The bed was terrible and the TV was tiny dating back to the late 1980's/early 1990's. I will admit that I can be a bit picky, but I will warn anyone thinking of staying at the Warwick that the beds are definitely not &quot;comfortable.&quot; I was not in NY to watch TV or spend significant time in the room, which is why such inadequacies did not bother me, but a bed is important and in this case, the Warwick failed. The most positive attribute to the Warwick is its location. The hotel is situated close to everything which means you can walk, within 5-10 min, to 5th Ave., Central Park, Times Square, Rockefeller Center, etc. That fact, in itself, makes choosing the Warwick somewhat attractive. In conclusion, I would recommend the Warwick if you are not too concerned about your quality of sleep. I would also recommend the Warwick if location is important to you. However, I think there are many other hotels in NYC for the same price or slightly more that would provide a more luxurious and enjoyable experience... try any Westin hotel.	
Dec 3 2004	great for travellers from uk	Having not previously been to New York we did not know exactly where to stay and the guidebooks and internet reviews give either too wide a choice or not enough info. The Warwick was brilliant. My wife and I stayed 3 nights for my 50th birthday over 19-21 November weekend just before Thanksgiving. The room(s) were absolutely spotless and for some reason we were upgraded to a suite on 22nd floor that would have been ideal for a party, shame we were by ourselves! The position of the hotel close to Times Square/Central park/5th Avenue was ideal. The restaurant/bar is not cheap but the standards and service were excellent. At least try breakfast there one morning. If I ever get back to NY I am definitely heading for The Warwick.The staff were helpful but not intrusive and the room facilities we could not fault.	
Dec 1 2004	Wonderful Thanksgiving at the Warwick	My family stayed at the Warwick for four nights beginning on November 23rd. The staff could not have been nicer or more helpful and the location was great! Our room was large and very comfortable. We only had to walk four blocks to the parade and got a great spot based on a recommendation from the hotel staff. The bar was very welcoming and a great place to start our NYC trip. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Nov 9 2004	Very Pleasant	We stayed at the Warwick on November 6th. The room was quiet, clean, and comfortable, and the desk staff was very nice. We visit New York about nine times a year, and would definitely go back to the Warwick.	
Sep 22 2004	Great Location!!	We stayed at the Warwick in June and this was our first trip to NYC. We loved the Hotel. It was clean, the staff was friendly and the location was excellent. We will stay here again!!!	
Sep 15 2004	Excellent: Perfection	This is the perfect Hotel with the perfect location. The rooms are large, very clean, very quiet, when curtains closed very dark. It is beautiful and the staff is marvelous. They deliver excellent service without once being intrusive but always there to serve. It just does not get any better than this.	
Sep 13 2004	Enjoyed it immensely.	Myself and two lady friends have just returned from a five-day New York City visit. One of the ladies {we are &quot;mature&quot;} and myself had never been to New York City and our trip was arranged by our mutual friend. I had some concerns regarding the Warwick from reading the reviews posted but am happy to say that we were very pleased.Yes, the bathtub did drain quite slowly and yes there were a few spots of disrepair in the room, i.e. handle falling off the t.v. cabinet and a little damage in ceiling over tub but, on the overall, it was quite nice....shabby chic, perhaps would be the expression. The front desk personnel and bellboys were both courteous and friendly, as well as helpful with directions, etc. Location, location, location, as the saying goes.....the Warwick was a splendid starting point to get everywhere....so much within walking distance that it was a real treat for us &quot;mature&quot; girls. Will definitely stay at the Warwick again should I be fortunate enough to return to N.Y.C.	
Sep 8 2004	In the heart of it all	I just returned from a 3-day New York City weekend with my 4 daughters and 2 granddaughters. We stayed at the Warwick Hotel and the location is great! It's a short walk to Times Square, Central Park, Broadway, St. Patrick's Cathedral and the Today Show - to name a few. Our two rooms overlooked the Avenue of Americas. They were large enough, and we had good service although the bathrooms are on the small side. There was no tub, but a marble shower and no where to put your cosmetic bag, etc. We ate a buffet breakfast at Mural 54 Restaurant one morning, which was a little pricey, but the food and service was excellent. I will definitely return to the Warwick on our next trip to the city due to the excellent location.	
Sep 1 2004	Loved the Location of The Warwick NY	My family and I recently stayed at The Warwick Hotel in NYC. It is an older hotel but we found everything up to date - rooms were large and very clean. The staff was great, very pleasant and helpful. I'd recommend it to anyone.	
Aug 31 2004	Warwick Exceptional	The Warwick, New York was beautiful top to bottom. Beautiful suite, remodeled dining room, attentive friendly staff, great mid-town location. A great experience.	
Aug 30 2004	Loved the Warwick!	I have been in new york a couple of times but it was my first time staying at the Warwick Hotel, and boy, it was great! Not only the staff were pleasant and courteous, but the location was just perfect to walk around and enjoy midtown manhattan. it's a walking distance to radio city, rockefeller, times square and 5th Ave. And the price was very reasonable.. and although i booked it thru the internet (and saved a lot), i still got the same treatment as if i paid for it in full price!	
Aug 25 2004	Great hotel	Great location! We had a really good stay at this hotel we were happy with everything.The room was quite and clean and the lifts were easy to use and no waiting. Recommended to anyone who wants to see the city and have a comfortable stay.NYC ON YOUR DOORSTEP	
Aug 13 2004	Loved The Warwick Hotel!	An excellent experience! I found the staff to be extremely helpful and the hotel was lovely and charming. The location was perfect. It was a short walk to all the &quot;must see&quot; places in New York. I would highly recommend The Warwick Hotel to anyone. If you want to experience the charm and beauty of NYC, then The Warwick Hotel is the place you should stay. I know that I plan to return!!	
Aug 13 2004	Mixed bag	Booked a deluxe room. Got a small cluttered room with a view directly into the gust room opposite. Complained and got a big room with a nice view over the Avenue of the Americas – and a fridge. We were told both were deluxe rooms, same price. Why were we given the box first? We stayed 7 nights and did have a great time. The walls are thin. Our neighbours were fairly quiet but I could see this being a real problem. Standard rooms are all brick wall views. Some fittings are a bit worn but it is still a smart hotel – but the rooms do vary a lot.	
Aug 11 2004	Wonderful Stay!	We stayed at the Warwick for 2 nights and found it to be a beautiful hotel. Our room was good size and the marble bathroom was beautiful. The staff was polite and willing to help. It was quiet and within walking distance to central park and the theater district. I would definately stay at this hotel again!	
Jul 17 2004	Quiet Room	I travel to NYC for pleasure once or twice a year and got a good rate for the Warwick. I accepted a &quot;Superior&quot; room from a website and was given a room with the brick wall view. I have never splept better in NYC. No horn sounds, sirens or traffic noises. Yes, the halls were hot but the room was cool and a comfortable size. Considering we are rarely in the room, it was great.	
Jul 14 2004	Last trip	Have stayed at the Warwick several times, each time becoming more unhappy. December 2003 was the last straw - given the smallest room I've ever seen with no view, smelled very bad and bathroom had not been cleaned. Agree that desk staff is very rude. Also on this trip they attempted to raise the room rate - unbelievable. This will be my last trip to The Warwick.	
Jul 7 2004 	Dust thin walls rude front desk and uncharmingly old.	Got allergies? Find another place to stay. This hotel is beyond dusty, and noticed mildew around the frame of the window as well. The &quot;comforters&quot; and linens in this place could use some serious replacement, and are very Holiday Inn.Upon check-in the clerk at the front desk had a major attitude, and kept insisting we didn't have reservations, even though we had a confirmation number. She told us there was nothing she could do, and simply said &quot;NEXT.&quot; We attempted to speak with the hotel manager, and he was equally aloof. Did they not realize that this was a 3 star hotel by New York standard, which equals a 1 star (thus far) by SF standards, and really had nothing to be aloof about? The walls are paper thin, and you can pretty much hear EVERYTHING your neighbor is doing, without even trying.The location is so-so, depending on the purpose of your stay, but given everything else, surely you could find somewhere else. True, the rooms are definitely significantly larger than the average hotel room, but everything in them is so incredibly outdated. During our stay the toilet continuously had problems flushing...mind you it was only number one. They sent up the &quot;engineer&quot; twice, and he arrived with a mere plunger (some engineer). He said, it's old, isn't much he can do. So we kept the water closet door closed, and could still hear the &quot;running toilet.&quot;	
Jul 7 2004	Excellent Location	We stayed at the Warwick for two weeks in March/April 2004 and found it to be a warm, welcoming hotel with very pleasant rooms and staff .Whilst in residence, there was a problem with their long distance provider and the staff went out of their way to help me receive faxed messages from abroad. Unlike others, I found the staff to be efficient and friendly. Our room was lovely and everything was in good condition. From an ex-New Yorker, you can't beat the location!	
Jul 2 2004	Great Location	Stayed for 3 nights 6/20 to 6/23/04. I found the hotel to be totally charming. My teenage daughter and I came to New York to shop and see a few shows, we could not have picked a better location. The hotel is listed on the National Historic Hotel Registry.The hotel was built in the early 1920. It has been beautifully renovated with marble bathrooms and fax machines in all rooms. The 2 restaurants,though pricey where very good. The bar/lounge is lovely and very welcoming. The bar tender is the best! Overall service was excellent. I look forward to staying here again.	
Jun 30 2004	Warwick great location but average	You can’t beat the location of the Warwick. It is within walking distance of all the major sites like central park, radio city, NBC6, and the theater district to say the least. I must agree with a previous review that the staff at the front desk was not as helpful and had an attitude. I got more help and friendly attitude from the bellmen. The room was small but decent with a view onto 6th Ave.; however, we did have some problems with the bathroom, there was a leak in the toilet that made a terrible racket. The AC was functionally, but delayed quiet a bit before cooling the room. I would recommend the buffet breakfast at Murals, one of the restaurants located in the hotel. Murals had a great ambiance and the food was good. Overall I found the Warwick well situated and full of great historic tidbits, but average on accommodations and needs improvement on customer service.	
Jun 29 2004	close to everything	Although the hotel was small it was clean and represented an old fashion hotel. The staff was always helpful and friendly. You can walk to everything. Radio City is only 3 blocks away. We were able to walk to all the sites took the subway from Radio City to Grand Central. You can eat in the restaurant at the hotel or the one across the street or walk a block to a small store. We would stay here again No Problem!	
Jun 27 2004	Expected better...	After reading the reviews, I expected a pretty decent stay. However, the front desk person who checked us in was rude and acted like it was a major inconvenience to her to find us a room with double beds. The hallways were very hot, I don't think they were air conditioned at all. The room we were given was small with no view except for brick walls. The air conditioning unit was leaking and the carpet in front of it was soaked for four or five feet. (I guess this is why the room also smelled musty.) The good part was that the hotel was located within walking distance of central park, times square, etc.Fortunatley, we only stayed two days. I doubt we will return.	
Jun 16 2004	Loved it!	The Warwick hotel was lovely and in a wonderful location. I would recommend it highly and would definitely choose The Warwick again!	
Jun 9 2004	Great Value - Great Hotel	I found a great deal for The Warwick on Travelzoo. We received an upgrade to a king deluxe room. When we arrived we asked for a room as high up as possible. We were given a corner room on the 31st floor with a spectacular view. The room was clean and spacious. The staff was courteous. The hotel is in a great location for sight-seeing, with most attractions within walking distance. I would recommend The Warwick to anyone visiting NYC, whether on vacation or business travel.	
Jun 8 2004	Comfortable 3-star accommodation	I stayed at the Warwick for 3 nights over Memorial Day weekend. I booked over a website that listed the Warwick as a &quot;4-star&quot; property but I was wary of that designation after reading several of the reviews at Tripadvisor.com. However, the rate I got was very reasonable (US $159 per night for a &quot;Deluxe&quot; room) so I took the plunge. The Warwick is nice but it is definitely a &quot;3-star&quot; accommodation. I arrived at the Hotel around 1PM but check-in is at 3PM, and I was initially told there were no rooms available but after much ado I was graciously upgraded to an &quot;Executive&quot; room. I got a large corner room on the 24th floor, windows on two walls with great views of 54th street to the south and towards Fifth Avenue to the east. However, the décor and furnishings were very low-glam. The bed was soft and not very sturdy at the edges. It is an &quot;old&quot; hotel and had the vague scent of mildewy decay. The bathroom was newly remodeled with a marble-esque finish but the vanity is tiny and there is hardly any space for your own toiletries. The television was the smallest I've seen in a long time (maybe a 17&quot; screen). There is no VCR, no DVD player, no CD player, and no Dataport. Internet access is only available through the business center at $5 (!) for the first minute. Not a hotel for business travelers. One thing The Warwick has over most other Midtown hotels is that the staff was very friendly and helpful. Also, its location can't be beat. The restaurant &quot;Murals on 54th St.&quot; has decent food, but the room service is way overpriced. Most of the Warwick's shortcomings can be forgiven at only $160 a night, but if you pay a cent more than that you will be p*ssed. 	
Jun 1 2004	Honeymoon in NYC	We had a great stay at the Warwick! I found a great deal through travelzoo with a free upgrade to a junior suite which was really nice. The only thing was our tub did not drain very fast so we called to have them fix it as it would fill up before we would finish our showers. They were there for 1 and 1/2 fixing it until almost 11 at night. But they gave us a late checkout when we complained about being up all night which was nice. 	
May 20 2004	Great Value Good Location	We've stayed in numerous hotels throughout Manhattan including the Michelangelo and the Drake, both nice, but for value the Warwick was a good find, averaging 170.00/night. I had requested two rooms side by side and that's what they gave us, but on a smoking floor. The sheets smelled of smoke. But the next day they moved us, and we were pleased with the size of our room. Since it has been recently refurbished, it's as nice as some higher rated hotels, nothing lavish, but good. For value I would recommend it.	
May 16 2004	Great Place to Stay and See the City!	This is a great hotel to stay in and see all the sites in NY City! I was there with 11 other woman. The checkin process for 6 rooms was smooth, the staff was very helpful! On top of that, all 6 rooms were nice sized rooms and very clean. You are also within walking distance to Rockefellor Center, Times Square, Central Park, 5th Avenue, the subway, etc.....! I definitely plan on going back and will stay at the Warwick again!	
May 4 2004	Super Location!!	This trip to New York was a Christmas gift from my husband and staying at the Warwick made it even more special. We didn't get to make the trip until April because of scheduling concerns here at home, but the wait was worth it. We had an executive room and it was more than adequate. The hotel was close to everything...no more than a 5 block walk to the theatre. Great restaurants in the area too. I would HIGHLY recommend this hotel to any of my friends and family.	
Apr 20 2004	A very comfortable hotel.	A very pleasant, rather old-fashioned hotel, with a small, comfortable lobby, friendly staff, and ideally situated for exploring midtown (within a block of museums!). Our room was huge and comfortable, with a view of 6th Avenue. Everything worked (the shower was especially good), although we could hear the people in the next room once or twice.. we would definitely stay there again.	
Apr 19 2004	Excellent!	I thought this hotel was amazing. We were located just 3 short blocks to Radio City Music Hall. We were walking distance to Times Square and Rockafeller center. The rooms in the hotel were huge, immaculately clean, and the beds were extremely comfortable. Friendly staff with helpful information. I would recommend this hotel 100%.	
Apr 14 2004	A very enjoyable stay!!	This hotel is in the best location for access to Broadway, Time Square, Central Park and 5th Avenue Shopping. The rooms are huge compared to most standard NYC rooms. The staff was very helpful and polite. The furnishing were luxurious. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay in February and plan to stay again in May.	
Apr 2 2004	on borrowed time	Spent two weeks. Very antiquated. 13&quot; TV and the remote didn't work. Cracks in the ceiling and very little soundproofing. I must admit the elevators are good.	
Apr 1 2004	Great location and value	The Warwick was a great find in the heart of Manhattan. The room was spacious and comfortable, although you have to ask for a view. The staff was friendly. The hotel could use a touch-up (there were missing handles on the dresser and the paint was chipping in some places) and the rooms were not completely sound-proof. However, I would not let those small issues deter me from returning. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Apr 1 2004	Great experience!	The Warwick is a great hotel. The staff are very friendly &amp; helpful. The hairdryer wasn't working in my room on the first morning and was replaced by a brand new one straight away. The rooms are large and very clean. The location is unbeatable - try Astros diner across the street on 6th avenue for great breakfasts.	
Mar 19 2004	Not the Best	Very nice looking hotel at a nice location, and the room was generally nice, but too many issues to overcome. The heat did not seem to come on in my room, which I called the desk about and they sent someone up. However, I never heard the heater come on nor felt any heat come from it. Also, the walls in the Warwick are paper thin. You can hear everything from simple talking, to what people in the next room are watching on tv, to the alarm clock in the room next door that the moron's who checked out the day before left set for 7:30AM at full blast, which went off for a good 25 minutes before hotel staff bothered to turn it off per my request.	
Jan 28 2004	New Yorkers are delightful!	I am so in love with NYC. The hotel (Warwick), the sites, the entertainment and especially the people make this a trip I will take again in the near future.	
Jan 5 2004	Wonderful!	This hotel was beautiful, comfortable, and elegant. The room was perfect.	
Dec 29 2003	very good but soft mattress	Stayed at the Warwick for 1 night on Dec 28 2003. Room was good size and very clean. Staff were courteous and businesslike -- no problem. They were very busy with a huge volume of holiday tourists.Only 2 small complaints marred the visit. 1. mattress was very soft -- not good for people with back problems (like me) 2. when first turning on the water in the tap, it came out brown. This was temporary and all subsequent uses of the water (including the shower/tub) were fine.All in all, this is a fine hotel, with good value for the price -- especially when booked through quikbook. I didn't ask for firmer mattress, but will do so next time.	
Dec 9 2003	hotel warwick and more	the hotel warwick was an excellent base for our first trip to new york. the hotel was very good value for money clean comfortable and efficient.the bell boys were particularly helpful with directions and infomation. just around the cornerthere is a fabulous little french bistro called le bon soupe great value great food and service.we found all people friendly andpolite. we would definately return to new york and use the warwick as our base again.	
Dec 7 2003	Excellant	Loved location, had no wait for elevators at all, were there from11/27/03 to 12/01/03. Stayed here because of central location, excellant. Recommend Bills Gay 90's Bar at 57 East 54th St., 2 blocks from Warwick. Great piano bar, great food, great atmosphere. Tell Adolfo, Brian and family, Tennessee said Hello.	
Nov 30 2003	Not what I expected	We reserved a room with 2 double beds and were given a room with a king bed and A TWIN PULL OUT COUCH for 3 people. To our surprise when we pulled the bed out to make it up, there was a dead cockroach. We called housekeeping and they came up and picked it up, disposed of it, and simply said &quot;sorry&quot; and left 4 small chocolates. The following day I asked to have an extra mattress put on the pullout or be changed to a room with 2 double beds. They were able to move us on that day. I mentioned the cockroach experience to several staff but my disappointment fell on deaf ears. I found the staff for the most part very non-friendly. For the price you pay for these rooms I would expect the staff to be very service oriented.I found the rooms nice, although very dark. We had a great deal of trouble regulating the room temperature. It was extremely warm and we had to open windows, even through the night. We never received more than 2 washcloths for 3 guests in the room. The lobby area is small and was always very congested.The best part about staying at the Warwick was the location, but there were plenty of other hotels in the area to choose from. From the non friendly service that we encountered, I would guess that they would not care that we would not choose the Warwick on our next trip.	
Nov 27 2003	Loved the Warwick	Stayed at the warwick on 11/22-23 for first time and thought it was GREAT! Staff very friendly and helpful and was even upgraded to a suite from a regular room and loved it! Great location to a variety of attractions. Really enjoyed my stay and will be back.......	
Nov 19 2003	fantastic location	Just stayed at the Warwick for a first time visit to NYC and loved it! The location is absolutely perfect. Walked easily to 5th Ave., Central Park, Rockefellar Center, Times Square, and Broadway. Easy subway access, taxi pick up and tour bus within easy walking distance. Great restaurants everywhere. Try pick-a-bagel for breakfast or lunch, great new york atmosphere. Bergers is a great &quot;authentic&quot; New York deli, great people. The room was very clean and staff helpful and courteous. Can't wait to go back!!	
Nov 3 2003	Great Location Great Room		
Nov 2 2003	Warwick-center of operations		
Oct 24 2003	Depressing rooms		
Oct 22 2003	Great Location		
Oct 11 2003	Good outweighs the bad		
Jun 4 2003	Excellent Location		
May 21 2003	The Warwick Perfect For Us		
Feb 25 2003	Service is a foreign word here.		
Dec 21 2002	Great Location		
Nov 19 2002	Very Nice		
Nov 19 2002	???????????		
Nov 23 2009 	Bon hôtel		
Sep 24 2009 	Flott på ytan lite skavanker bakom kulisserna...		
Sep 11 2009 	Bon séjour		
Aug 23 2009 	??????????????????????		
May 11 2009 	Un merveilleux séjour		
Apr 19 2009 	Idéal		
Apr 6 2009 	Excellent pour decouvrir New York		
Jan 6 2009 	TES BON RAPPORT QUALITE PRIX		
Dec 4 2008 	Zentrales Hotel mit freundlichem Service		
Sep 20 2008 	Nunca podré olvidar mi estancia en el hotel Warwick un sueño estupendo		
Sep 18 2008 	Top emplacement		
Sep 5 2008 	Excelente ubicación		
Sep 1 2008 	Il y a sûrement mieux pour le prix		
Aug 26 2008 	Très bien placé		
Jul 1 2008 	Muy bueno		
Apr 9 2008 	Bel hotel un peu trop classique		
Mar 25 2008 	Ou il fait changer le staf ou enlever une étoiles		
Sep 12 2007 	Emplacement idéal !		
Sep 9 2007	Service de qualité		
May 29 2006	Une situation idéale pour un hôtel très agréable !		
