	fantastic place	I stayed at the Michelangelo this past Sat. night (11/28). This hotel is very inviting, the service was timely, the atmosphere warm and elegant. Our room was extremely comfortable, clean and very quiet! The bed/pillows/linens were exceptional. The bathroom suite was fantastic. Everyone who assisted us from the doorman to the concierge was very helpful, friendly and pleasant. The morning coffees are very good, along w/ croissant/scones. I would definitely stay here again without hesitation. Very convenient location.	
	Thanksgiving in NYC	My daughter (23 yrs old) and I went to NYC for the Thanksgiving holiday and chose the Michelangelo Hotel on recommendation of friends. We loved our five day stay at this lovely hotel. It is beautiful, very nice rooms, great location and an entire staff that creates an atmosphere of comfort, safety and luxury. The conceirge, James, is a treasure. He took care of all of our reservations and gave us some great &quot;inside&quot; NY tips. The hotel took care of having an area for their guests to watch the Macy's Parade on Thanksgiving---we were soooo grateful for that, as that is the event we had gone to NY to see. Thanks Jefferey!! The doormen were always helpful with our cabs and directions. The luggage porter was great upon our arrival and departure. We really could walk to Rockefellar Center, Broadway, Times Square, NBC studio, Radio City, Central Park and shopping. The Michelangelo made our NY trip very special.	
Nov 25 2009 	Comfortable stay in a great location.	Beautitful room. Wonderful, accomodating staff. Stayed for one week with my husband while he was in NYC for a business trip. Had my one year old with me. We had a great time. Only complaints were no in-room coffee service. They have a complimentary coffee service in the lobby, but I didn't like having to get dressed and look decent to go down and get a cup of coffee. Also, the air conditioning system was a bit weird and it has hard to regulate the temperature in the room. Otherwise, the stay was great, room was very comfortable and the location can't be beat.	
Nov 14 2009 	Suites are the BEST in the City for the price	The Suites at Michelangelo are the most roomy and spacious of any hotel I've stayed in for the price. I've tried other hotels in New York, from the Plaza to the CityClub and I keep going BACK to Michelangelo. The hotel has several styles of decor, and you can choose which suits your mood. The room service and concierge staff are 5 star in customer service. For a small, luxury, boutique hotel Michelangelo has all the feel of a grand palace in a small space. The location is GREAT. The hotel is a 5-10 minute walking distance to Broadway, 5th Avenue shops, Rockefellar Center, and The Diamond District.	
Nov 13 2009 	Good value but not perfect	The key benefits have been well-covered: great location, very generous room sizes for NYC, and very good price. I had an extremely quiet room facing away from street into a narrow alley, which was fine, and I would have slept like a rock had it not been for the automatic fan that switched on and off every five minutes all night long. It was, unfortunately, a huge sonic difference -- alternating between dead silence and a jet blast all night wasn't pleasant. Other nuisances: my TV's network connection kept flaking out, so I'd get stuck changing channels and have to go back to the menu. The room had no in-room safe, nor did it have an iron/ironing board. And the fitness facility was small but clean; unfortunately, there were no cups for the water dispenser.	
Nov 5 2009 	WONDERFUL HOTEL great location	I have stayed at the Michelangelo many times and have never been disappointed with any facet of the hotel. The service is absolutely impeccable. The entire staff seemed excited and genuinely happy to welcome guests and accommodate any needs that have come up. The lobby is extremely beautiful and all the rooms I've stayed in have been wonderful. From the very fresh linen on the beds to the very clean and luxurious bathrooms, the rooms are clean, fresh, and sumptiously decorated. The restaurant is rated one of the top in NYC, though I have never been. All in all, a wonderful, dependable experience.	
Nov 3 2009 	Very Nice Well Appointed Large Room Great Concierge but Flat Feeling	We enjoyed our stay. We were upgraded to a Junior Suite, which was very nice, but little things were off. No TV access from the sitting area, not dresser per se, etc. The Concierge, James, gave us great advice. Somehow otherwise the staff was not very in tune with service.	
Nov 2 2009 	Great location great room	My wife and I had a short stay in Manhattan and we were glad to have stayed at the Michelangelo Hotel. The location is perfect, just steps from Time Square and a short walk to Central Park. It is also around the corner from the 1 line subway station, which will take you anywhere in the city. The room itself was comfortable. Ours had a very comfortable queen sized bed, oversized bathtub and inside location (which made it very quiet). The HVAC system was a bit loud, but worked well. The room was very large, by NYC standards. The lobby is clean and stylish and coffee and scones in the morning was a nice touch. I would definitely stay here again, especially after bad experiences in other well known chain hotels in Manhattan.	
Oct 30 2009 	Search no further	Ive stayed at this hotel many many times now and its one of my favorite in NYC, the location is amazing. Close the the park this hotel offers beautiful rooms at reall good rates, rooms are a good size for NYC, with all you would need in your roon, the staff are excellent.I really think this is great hotel for all and can highly recommend it.	
Oct 27 2009 	Exceeded my expectataions!	Search no more- The Michelangelo Hotel is a gem in the heart of nyc. The staff was friendly and helpful. Rooms were elegant and comfortable. Close to Central Park, Times Square and great restaurants. We are done searching- The Michelangelo Hotel will be our first choice when staying in the city for the price we paid- $225 + taxes.	
Oct 25 2009 	Beautiful suite great location	We had a wonderful time celebrating my birthday in NYC and found our suite at Michelangelo to be extremely comfortable. Unfortunately, our 1st night our room was on the 4th flr, on the street and a car alarm sounding awoke us at 3am. Although it wasn't the Michelangelo's fault for the car alarm, the manager was quick to move us to an interior suite, sent me flowers &amp; chocolates and gave us coupons for a free breakfast. Thank you for making our NYC celebration great!!!	
Oct 22 2009 	TOP SHELF Customer service	Great staff!!!From check-In to nightly tear-down .. this one exceeded expectations. Last minute changes forced us to need an extra night. Only Suites were available, whereas we had booked deluxe. Instead of making us switch rooms in the middle of our 4-day stay .. they just gave us suite for the entire time at no extra cost. Booked majority of trip months in advance thru expecia ... saved hundreds from rate found near arrival date.(Fall is touristy time though) As said in other reviews, it is in a good location.... Deli's and coffee's on same block, Rockefeller/Times Sq./Cen Park/ very close. Didn't eat at adjoining rest. .... pretty spendy. But there are a few other places to eat in NYC ..... if you can't find one .. you probably shouldn't be there! The Concierge is theater savy ... cool guy with good insight.	
Oct 18 2009 	Finally found the perfect hotel for us in NYC	After staying at too many mediocre hotels in NYC, we finally got it right. The Michelangelo is a lovely oasis in a sea of NYC sites, sounds and busy-ness. The experience was a pleasure from start to finish and I would highly recommend it.First of all - it is situated in the definitive location in Manhattan if you are a tourist and want to see the sights. It is also very close to the theatres, so were able to walk to shows both nights we stayed there.The only time we needed a cab was to get to/from the train station.The doorman was helpful, friendly and had a big smile and not a hint of attitude.The concierge made suggestions on how to get great theatre tickets. We were going to call a ticket broker to see the show we wanted. He said &quot;Why not just go to the theatre's box office? Sometimes you get lucky and they have great seats.&quot; He was right. We got 6th Row, Center for the show we wanted and went several hours later.The room was divine. I cannot think of a thing I would change. We did have what is called an &quot;inside&quot; room. So if you are looking for a sunny room, this would not have been for you. It was a lovely room for us. We got the Junior Suite and it had a comfortable king bed, a sofa, 3 chairs, armoire, bar, etc. The bathroom was marble and beautiful and had high-end soaps. The bathtub was good sized... my husband took a bath and enjoyed it.We also visited the bar right off the lobby. In the morning, there is free tea/coffee and croissants which we partook in and it was nice.In the afternoon, we sat in the bar (which is very open and bright and opens into the lobby) and had a platter of artisan cheeses, fruit and wine. There is a flat screen TV in there as well.There is a shop called Cafe Duke a few steps away from the hotel. It has salads, Japanese foods, gourmet hot buffet to go, desserts, fresh fruit, drinks, candy bars, pizzas, etc. It is a great place to grab a sandwich and the prices are somewhat reasonable (it's still New York).The hotel was very clean, and the hallways always smelled good too.It was a wonderful experience and we will return there for our future stays in NY.	
Oct 17 2009 	Fantastic Value For New York City	Stayed two nights at The Michelangelo over Columbus Day weekend. We booked early so got an excellent rate (for New York) of $260 per night through the hotel's website for a King bedded room. We wanted something centrally located and it proved to be the perfect place for us as it's just a few blocks from the heart of Times Square and only two blocks on the same street to the Gershwin Theater where we had tickets for &quot;Wicked&quot;.Check-in was quick but we did have to wait for our room to be ready. We had arrived at 2:30pm and they said to check back at 3pm. We just went into the lobby bar and had some drinks while we waited. ($18 for one martini and one soda! - but that's NYC for ya) Room was ready promptly at 3. We were assigned to room 520. Based on the photos I've seen here on Trip Advisor and looking at the emergency map on the door in the room, I'd say we were in one of the smaller rooms in the hotel, but it was still good-sized with a King bed, two comfy armchairs and ottoman, large dresser with flat screen TV, mini-bar, and desk. There is internet service available for a daily fee. There was no safe in the room though which was annoying. We had to check valuables in the safe deposit box at the front desk.Bathroom appeared to be small at first look but proved to be the perfect size; toilet and tub have their own door to close off from the sink/vanity area. The tub was actually quite large and great for a shower as you didn't feel closed in with the curtain brushing up against you. There were heat lamps in the tub room to help you dry off faster. Water pressure/temperature was perfect in the shower. Hot water pressure was very weak at the sink though, and there was a slow drain. Two bathrobes were provided as well as the standard amenity collection (shampoo, lotion, etc.)The room was one of the cleanest I have ever seen. Only complaint I had was one of my pillowcases had what looked to be like a make-up smudge on it. I'm not sure if it was permanent but I took the case off and luckily there was a second case underneath. Housekeeping replaced the cases the next day. One other minor complaint was the cleaning products they used had a perfume fragrance that was nearly overpowering upon entering the room for the first time. We had to open one of the windows to air it out. This helped also in cooling the room as it got a bit stuffy and warm at times. The A/C had apparently been turned off for the season as adjusting the thermostat down just turned the heat off it didn't turn any A/C or fan on.The bed was extremely comfortable and made for pleasant sleeping. The chairs in the room were also plush and comfortable. Room was very quiet. Even though we faced out onto 51st the windows were well insulated and kept the city noises to a minimum. Hotel overall was also very quiet. We never ran into any other people in the halls, and the lobby maybe had a dozen people in it at most at any given time. This made it a nice oasis from the hustle and bustle of the city around it.Housekeeping service, while they did a great cleaning job, seemed inconsistent on when and what service they gave. For example, our first night there we had left the hotel by 6pm and did not return until around 11:30. We received no turndown service. I assumed they didn't do any, but on our second night we had gone out and asked for an extra pillow to be sent up. When we got back later we found the pillow and found that turndown service had been done. On our first morning we left our room by 10:30am and did not return until around 1. We had left the please clean room sign on the door. When we returned, the sign had been removed and was on the floor inside the room but the room had not been cleaned. We were going right out again and called housekeeping to make sure the room was going to be cleaned. When we got back a few hours later it had.One great plus with the hotel was check-out was at 1pm. I have never encountered that with any hotel before. Parking is available with valet but the charge is around $50-60 per night. Self-park is available at the garage on the same block for only $27 a night. Hotel will stamp your ticket at check-out. Yes, the garage has a steep incline leading out and you'll have to haul your bags up it, but then it's just half a block walk to the hotel. Also, on the same block is a 24 hour grocery/cafe which was very handy to pick up drinks and snacks for the room. Room service is available of course but was very pricey.The only staff members we encountered were at the front desk and bar and they were all pleasant enough.Overall, this was one of the best stays I've had at a NYC hotel and I would highly recommend especially if you can get a reasonable rate like we did.	
Oct 11 2009 	Location Service and Smiles	My husband and I had planned this trip with friends at the very last minute my husband had to go out of country on business. When I arrived, I had been upgraded to a beautiful suite. The desk was so helpful, and it was a small enough hotel that they remembered you by name. The Concierge was extremely nice, and gave awesome directions! We will stay again!	
Oct 8 2009 	Very beautiful!	If I had to stay in NYC and wanted to be by Time Square, this would be my choice 100% of the time! The staff was terrific and would try and please you! Food was great!	
Sep 29 2009 	Fantastic Hotel in a Perfect Location	We stayed three nights from 25th September, the location is perfect for Broardway and Time Square with the theartes just over the road and time square just a five minute walk, The hotel has exacellent service and the rooms and beds very nice.We flew out with Virgin to Newark Int and got the Airtram to Penn staition this was so easy and there are lots of people on hand at the Airport and train staitions to help. tickets for the airtram were 30 dollers for the two of us and when you get on the train you dont get off untill you get to Penn station New York....easyWe flew back with Continental airlines which in my opinion was better than Virgin. remember when you have booked your flight tickets call customer services and ask which terminal the return flight gos from as it is not on your ticket....tipping leave a doller for cabs and 20% for resteruants.If your going to the empire state building book your tickets on line and get the fast pass, we did and when we went there was a big que and there were talking 2hrs. we showed our Fast Pass and were treated like royalty..We also went to Ramesys at London very nice meal and we booked on line, nice and relaxed and not a snobby place cost 170 dollers inc the tip.It felt very safe in New York every one is walking round with a guide book like you will be and there are police on every corner. we went on a open top bus which was good and would recommend you do this tickets are avalible from the street corners and you hop on and off as you want.Any question on things covered or not covered just send me a measege.	
Sep 12 2009 	A Gem in the Big Apple	We stayed for the first time in early August on a two day trip to NYC. This hotel is centrally located in the theater district and within walking distance to Times Square and 5th avenue shopping. Also close to several subway stations as well. Friendly and courteous staff. We were upgraded upon check in, without request. Our room was clean, but was a bit outdated (furnishings, coverlet). We had no issues with the heating/cooling unit and slept extremely well. I do think it's a bit ridiculous to pay $10 for in-room internet service when the hotel is clearly wireless (a computer was available downstairs). The complimentary breakfast was light and the coffee was out of this world. Special requests for cappuccino, etc were met without hesitation. All around, a great find. We would recommend to anyone!!	
Sep 2 2009 	Service Location and Smiles...	We couldn't have asked for a better place to stay on our first trip to NYC. After being told not to expect much of NYC hotels in terms of cleanliness and comfort, we were pleasantly surprised when arriving at the Michelangelo.Firstly, the staff was wonderful. Bags were carried for us, doors were opened, and mostly, the staff took the time to engage in conversations and help us whenever we needed it... and it was always in a friendly manner, plenty of smiles included. Upon arrival we were given a room, hours before check-in time. The room was spacious and very clean, the bed was amazingly comfortable, the shower had pressure and the calmness on the floor (3rd floor) gave a relaxing mood, opposite to the noisy and vibrant atmosphere of NYC. No street noise at all. (Sacrifice the view for an inside room) Furthermore, the decor was great. We really enjoyed the free breakfast which included croissants, chocolatine's, apples and a variety of fresh coffees. Finally, we never waited for an elevator which is something that can be quite annoying in larger hotels.Also, this hotel benefits from an amazing location. It is at an easy walking distance to New York landmarks such as Times Square, 5th avenue, Central Park, Rockefeller Center, Restaurants, and all Broadway shows. Make sure to make a stop by the 53rd and 6th Halal chicken and gyro cart for an amazing late night eat.Finally, we benefited from an amazing rate. We strongly recommended this hotel for its beauty, service and location. Would go again, anytime.	
Sep 2 2009 	Outstanding Service Exceptional Room Great Location... Bravo!	We were travelling to New York as a surprise 40th birthday celebration for my wife and chose the Michaelangelo based on reputation, location, the reviews on Tripadvisor and the deal that we were able to get on-line. I can't say enough about the top notch service. We had our room upgraded when we arrived and were in an enormous, well appointed room (this is even more impressive considering the telephone both size standard in New York... this room was large and comfortable by any city's standards). There are a number of decent restaurants very close by and Time Square is only a few small blocks south. The service that we received was top notch and the worst thing that I can say is that there could be a bit more selection in the continental breakfast... that being said, being able to get a Cappuccino to go in the morning was nice. When I return to New York, I will not hesitate to stay here again and will definitely recommend it to anyone I know travelling there.	
Aug 29 2009 	Great Location 	This place was recommended by a friend because of the location and larger than normal rooms for NYC. Above Times Square and just below Central Park, we had the whole city at our fingertips with this central location. The staff were wonderful, the room was clean and spacious and the bed was very comfortable. Shower was powerful and bathroom was also spacious. Some road noise (6th floor) as this was right off 7th ave, but you cannot stay in NYC and not hear some road noise. it was minimal and we travel with a small noise machine for sleeping that drowned out noises. We got a very good internet rate for our 3 night stay. Not something you usually notice or care about, but the elevators in this hotel were incredibly fast. The only negative which is a very small one, is the health club is a small room on lower level with a few pieces of equipment. We will stay here again. Another tip, a half a block away, there is a place called Cafe Duke that has fresh salads, fruit, prepared meals, incredible buffet, etc. Reasonably priced and open 24/7.	
Aug 17 2009 	Great room great location great price	This is a beautiful hotel that is quiet yet convenient to Times Square, the Theater District, and all the major subway lines. They have a &quot;free breakfast&quot; - really a croissant and coffee - but just head right out of the front door and go up about 100 feet to Cafe Duke - everything you could want for breakfast or lunch. The rooms are beautiful. We got their smallest - a &quot;deluxe&quot; and it was roomy for NY.	
Aug 15 2009 	bellissimo!	Had a bit of a wait for my room upon arrival from Italy, but was pleasantly surprised with an upgrade to a wonderful suite that I enjoyed for two days (and did not want to leave on departure day). Well-located, esp. for Broadway, Times Square, West Side happenings. Exceptional service and well-managed, from bell persons to housekeeping to front desk. Grade: A.	
Aug 11 2009 	Outstanding Hotel	Our first trip to NYC and we wanted it to be really special. We had originally booked into a different hotel but the reviews were really poor, so decided to find another hotel. We were not disappointed. The two suites accommodated our teenage boys and ourselves very adequately - the rooms are stunning. Times Square, Central Park, Broadway, and 5th Avenue shopping is literally on the doorstep. I would recommend Duke's 24/7 deli next door - great way to refill teenagers batteries! All in all a great visit and I would highly recommend this hotel. Looking forward to trying one of the sister hotels in Italy.	
Aug 10 2009 	Wonderful stay in NY!!!	We were in NY celebrating our 1st wedding anniversary, and we chose this hotel mainly because of its localization. It was much better than I thought it would be!!! We were very kindly treated in all services we needed (concierge, room service, reception and restaurant).The Insieme restaurant is just perfect!!!!The Michelangelo was definetly elected as our oficial hotel for the next trips to NY.	
Aug 6 2009 	Elegant comfort	It was my second stay at the Michelangelo -- having stayed there 2 years ago with my daughter. This time my husband came along and it was his first visit to NYC. He was very impressed with elegant decor, attentive service, and great location of the Michelangelo. We were thrilled to be upgraded to a suite which had a large sitting room, 2 bathrooms and a comfortable king size bed. Although the exterior location was a bit noiser than the interior room I'd had before, we overlooked that for the elegant comfort of the room itself. The location is terrific -- so close to so many attractions and venues. I have recommended this hotel to many others and would stay there again in future.	
Aug 5 2009 	Wonderful Hotel	We were at the Michelangelo for 4 nights. First, we were upgraded to a suite that has a view of the busy New York City life. After a sleepless night, we requested a room change and immediately were relocated to an interior room. ADVICE- skip the city view and ask for interior room. The service was wonderful. Beautiful hotel, clean, room smelled very fresh. Breakfast on the other hand only included croissants. Will definitely go back ~	
Aug 4 2009 	Could have been better	We stayed at the Michelangelo 10 years ago and thought it was great. Our recent visit wasn’t quite as memorable. We arrived at the hotel and were greeted by the efficient, but decidedly cool, desk clerks. When we got to the room, it was rather small, but nicely appointed with plush carpeting and a comfortable bed. The marble bathroom was quite pretty, but had some issues: a very small TV didn’t work well and took up valuable counter space; the stopper in the bathtub was broken, so taking a bath was impossible; a large magnifying mirror attached to the wall was loose and looked like it was going to fall off. While the room was acceptable, it was a bit tight, with an easy chair in the corner that almost touched the bed…a smaller chair would have been better. The room was air conditioned, but a fan went on and off repeatedly and blew cold air right over the bed, which was a mere 12 inches from the air conditioning unit. The hotel web site (and an information book in the room) said we would receive “turn down” service every night…we did not. This was not a huge issue, but the first night, we had to dismantle our bed and remove its many pillows, bolsters, and heavy bedspread, which we piled up on the chair in the corner, making the chair useless. The information book also said that a free NY Times would be delivered to our door in the morning….we never received one, although there were newspapers available in the hotel lobby.The hotel offers a free “breakfast” in the hotel lobby every morning. The breakfast consisted of coffee, tea, and hot chocolate (on request), accompanied by rather soggy croissants. Sometimes, there were a few scones offered, which were very good, but these were quickly snapped up by those guests who ate breakfast early. The only other food item offered was a large bowl of apples. The hotel was quite full, so finding an empty table was a bit of a problem. While the coffee was very good and strong, we’ve had more free breakfast choices at Holiday Inn Express.A highlight of our stay was when my husband got trapped in the elevator for several minutes. We had taken the elevator to the lobby…I stepped out, but when my husband started to exit the elevator, the doors nearly closed on him. He stepped back to avoid the jaws of death and then the doors wouldn’t open again. After about 3 minutes, I informed a snooty “gentleman” at the front desk. He was quite nonchalant about our plight and told me, “Oh, all he has to do is push the ‘open door’ button.” I said, “I’m sure he’s tried that, but nothing happened.” He sort of waved at me and said “the elevator probably just went back up … it will come back down eventually.” I gave up on him and then saw a maintenance man appear. My husband had called for help from inside the elevator; the maintenance man tried to pry the doors open, but they wouldn’t budge. Finally, another man appeared with a key that opened the outer doors and then the 2 men forcibly opened the inner door and freed my husband. All of this took less than 10 minutes, but the desk clerk’s attitude was inexcusable...he offered no assistance or apology.On a more positive note, the hotel has an upscale Italian restaurant called “Insieme.” We dined there our first night and the food was very good….I had their famous lasagna, which lived up to its reputation. The staff was friendly and service was good. Our last morning at the hotel, having tired of croissants and apples in the hotel lobby, we treated ourselves to breakfast at Insieme, where we had the best pancakes we’ve ever had: “lemon ricotta pancakes with market berries”…YUM!! Overall, the Michelangelo is a good hotel, but we felt a little put off by the attitude of the desk clerks and maintenance issues in the room. We would tentatively recommend it because of its location and amenities (if you get them), but there are other comparably priced boutique hotels in New York that offer more amenities and friendlier service.	
Jul 24 2009 	great hotel	We stayed in the Michelangelo hotel for five nights in July. It was a great place to stay overall. The location is perfect for a New York visit. The bed was exceptionally comfortable and the hotel was a relaxing oasis in the middle of an exciting city. When our air conditioning wasn't working the hotel was promp in replacing it. The bathtub is great for relaxing in after a busy day. We would definitely stay here again!	
Jul 22 2009 	Everything is Exelent!!!!!!	This was a GREAT experience!!!! Whenever we asked for something we got it right then. There was no wait what so ever. The bathroom is very large and clean. Also, it wwas close to pretty much everything except battery park and central park. Not only was this hotel wonderful, but we got it for a very, very cheap price! A fabulas experience!!!!	
Jul 22 2009 	Luxury hotel in fabulous location!	Don't get me wrong - the Michelangelo is not the cheapest hotel around, but it's worth every penny.We wanted to go to New York on our honeymoon, but wanted something a bit more special than a budget hotel. We got a good deal on the Michelangelo so went with it after reading the reviews on Trip Advisor.It was a 1st class hotel with courteous bell staff, helpful reception staff, lovely maids and has all the amenities you will need - bar, room service, restaurant, mini bar, internet and large rooms.The location is truly what makes the hotel - located on W 51st street next to the Winter Garden theatre (Mama Mia) there are cafes and restaurants all around you. For someone who isn't familiar with New York, here's a summary of your location.- Couple of blocks away from Times Square (10 min walk if that) with great restaurants like Olive Garden.- Same again with Radio City/Rockafella Centre/NBC Studio - 10 min walk in the other direction to these (recomment the Radio City Music Hall Tour, NMC Studio Tour and Top of the Rock Observation deck)- 5/10min walk from pretty much all the main broadway shows - you must go and see Wicked - its the best theatre I have ever seen!- Empire State Building/Macy's - probably nearer a 15/20 min walk to these but worth a visit and is definately do-able- Madison Square Gardens - 20/25 min walk but well worth a visit if there is something to see - we saw womens basketball game and it was great!- Central Park/Madison Ave/5th Avenue shops - 15min walkI can safely say the location of this hotel made our stay so much easier and enjoyable.	
Jul 20 2009 	New York's Best	I just got back from a trip to NYC with friends. We have gone each year for the past four years and this was our second time in The Michelangelo. I LOVE this hotel. First class service all the way. They went over and beyond to make our stay comfortable. We stayed at the Sheraton around the block last year and were so disappointed. The elevators were so crowded there and the staff was not helpful. We had been spoiled by The Michelangelo the year before. The rooms are very clean. The staff is very friendly. The hallways are quiet. This hotel in my opinion is the best and I look forward to staying here again!	
Jul 18 2009 	5-Star all the way	My wife and I love staying at the Michelangelo Hotel when we are in New York City. We both agree that the bed there is the softest, most comfortable bed either of us has ever slept on anywhere. The rooms are elegantly furnished, spacious, and quiet. The staff is very helpful and courteous. This hotel is conveniently located: a short walk from Rockefeller Center and not far from Times Square and Broadway shows. We stayed here once when we were in town for a Lincoln Center concert, and that was a convenient short distance to travel also. It is worth the cost/hotel rate to stay here, when visiting central Manhattan.	
Jul 11 2009 	WOW!	husband and spent 2 nights at the Michelangelo and have nothing but praise. The room was large and well appointed (not just by NYC standards but in the general--this means it's a big room!). The bedding and toiletries were luxurious and the marble bath room was spacious, with a very large tub and great towels. Each morning there was coffee, including espresso and cappuccino in the lobby along with croissants and apples. Service was above average but I was surprised that there was not a door man at most times. Valet parking was $40/day.I would absolutely recommend this hotel and will stay there again.	
Jul 9 2009 	Excellent Boutique Hotel	I have stayed in many New York hotels so am aware of what the standard room in NYC is like. This hotel exceeded my expectations and those of my colleagues many times over. The staff was very attentive from the doormen who were always courteous and helpful, to the bellman who gave me a tour of my room, to the housekeeping who were always polite and helpful to the front desk who upgraded us upon arrival without having to ask. The hotel is well appointed and very clean and the attention to details are evident in everything they do. The morning croissants, tea and coffee were the perfect way to start each day. The elevators seem to always be there when you need one which is a huge plus. This hotel just gets it right in every way. I will stay here every time I get the chance.	
Jul 6 2009	HIGHLY RECOMMENDED	My father &amp; I stayed at the Michelangelo over the July 4th weekend. We had a reservation at a huge hotel right nearby but I changed to the Michelangelo upon reading the many positive reviews posted here. We were extremely pleased with the choice and like many other reviewers have found a new favorite in NYC. We were upgraded to a studio double which had two large queen-size beds and a separate bathroom suite--yes suite. There was a walk-in closet, sink, &amp; separate toilet/shower area which all could be closed off from the main bedroom. All furnishings and linens were of high quality. I especially appreciated the Bose radio/CD player. The service was excellent and we noted how calm the atmosphere was compared to several mega-hotels nearby. The location is perfect for almost anything--near Radio City, Theater District, corporate towers, etc. The Italian atmosphere is also evident in a very suble but classy way. I have stayed at many different hotels in NYC and this is definitely among the best. Would highly recommend and will return.	
Jun 24 2009 	Convenient comfortable old fashioned chique	Location is perfect, rooms are spacious, beds are superb. If you can get a good deal and provided you appreciate the kitsch appeal chique in the hotel (mainly in the lobby area), this is a really good place. Didn't try the restaurant, nor had a full breakfast. The complementary morning coffee and croissants though gave a nice touch to my stay. Recommended!	
Jun 24 2009 	5 Star Hotel?? I don't think so...	Things I was hoping/looking for when booking the hotel - good looking, classy, roomy, decently priced, good location, good room serviced food, just a nice room to veg out and relax in. In actuality - a little tacky looking, seems more like a 3 1/2 star hotel, I guess the room was considered 'big' since everyone keeps saying new york hotel rooms are small, but very good location in midtown. Booked the Suite Room, paid about $230 a night through Expedia, was upgraded to a Junior Suite, placed us right by the elevator on the 4th floor. Pros - Right by Times Square and the MOMA. King sized bed was comfortable. Design and furniture was not as floral and European as I thought. Television swivels so you can watch it from the couch. Cons - Noisy..every 10 minutes or so, we'd hear the 'ding' of the elevator and people coming in and out.. annoying but tolerable. Early morning, we were awaken several times by extremely loud noises from the water pipes from next door or a floor above or below us. The pillows had miscellaneous stains and room in general was not as spotless as I thought it would be. Television was tiny. The pay per view movie was $12.95 and was skipping so bad we had to stop watching. Room smelled like Windex and bleach. No view from window. And what kind of 5 Star hotel has no slippers? Expensive room serviced food was either too bland or too salty, ribeye was not medium rare as requested, would've been happier with McD's.Overall, the noise was mostly the problem since the room was right by the elevator and just having thin walls in general. The room furnishings, hotel design, and mediocre service doesn't seem very 5 star to me.. at most 4 stars. Most likely won't go back there again. I was originally deciding between the Affinia Dumont and the Michelangelo, maybe I should've chosen Affinia instead.	
Jun 22 2009 	Large rooms very noisy air conditioning.	We stayed here 10 days ago, we got upgraded to a large junior suite on arrival.The room was large with very minimal noise from the street below.We were very disappointed with the old air conditioning system that seemed to ' kick in' every few minutes. The noise was very loud.Another positive of the Hotel is the excellent location.	
Jun 21 2009 	Good Choice	My husband and I have stayed many times in New York over many years. When we were young and had to be frugal, we stayed on the west side near the area of the Michelangelo. After staying at the Plaza and other upscale hotels north and east of Fifth and 55th, in the years since the mid 70s, we preferred that area. On Trip Advisors recommendations, we tried the Michelangelo, since we had theater tickets, and we learned to appreciate what that area now offers. It really is convenient to a lot of things, if a bit on the tacky side. At least it is safer now than it used to be. Since we stayed from Friday to Monday, we had a very favorable weekend rate.I was surprised to see how attractive the lobby is, considering the price. The room was fine, but could have been spruced up. I didn't care for the neoclassical decor. The velvet chair was very &quot;tired&quot;. Other downers were the noise from above, where some construction was taking place right over our heads, and the drilling was very noisy, and happened on more than one day; and the noisy air conditioning unit. The room, which faced 51st St., was amazingly quiet, considering that it was on the 3rd floor. The upper floors of the building are entered by a separate entrance next to the hotel entrance, and are condo apartments not part of the hotel. I loved having the coffee and delicious croissants in the lobby bar. One didn't have to waste precious time over breakfast. The fruit offered every day was apples. I think orange juice would be more appropriate.We tried several restaurants in the vicinity. Our 2 favorites were Trattoria Tricolori and Basso56, both Italian and within walking distance. I recommend them. Right on 51st in the block between 6th and 7th there are quite a few choices. If you are in the mood to splurge, try Le Bernadin, for years considered a top restaurant. Also there is Capital Grill, Ruth's Chris Steakhouse,Cafe Europa for breakfast or lunch, and Heartland Brewery, where we ate lunch after we checked out. The food was commonplace, but the people watching entertaining. 51st has some office highrises which spew people in and out at certain hours. There is also a very large grocery / carry out with all kinds of ready to eat items practically next door.The Friday and Monday doorman is very attentive, but the Sat. and Sunday replacement never opened the door for us once. I think he hides in the baggage room by the door. We would stay at this hotel again, in spite of the few negatives. It was a real bargain. Midweek might not be a buy though, but m ost New York hotels do tend to be very pricey.	
Jun 17 2009 	Just perfect	For New York this is a smaller hotel and therefore much more welcoming and service orientated than the mega-roomed chains you usually end up in. Our Junior suit was ideal with really good bed and furnishings and a lovely bathroom with a wonderful large bath tub.This is the best place I have come across for taking in the sights in NYC - ideally placed for just about everythingThe service was discrete but attentive. We ate in the restaurant once which was OK but better is available nearby.	
Jun 17 2009 	Excellent hotel perfect location	Had planned to stay somewhere more modest, then stumbled on a bargain rate for the Michelangelo and grabbed it. So glad I did, this is a superb hotel. Modern, clean, efficient, comfortable, prime location.	
Jun 15 2009 	I am so glad I believed tripadvisor.com users and chose this hotel	I stayed in the Michelangelo for four days last week. Not only myself, but my ex-husband and my son with his girlfriend, three rooms in all. Everyone was enthusiastic and gave me high kudos for booking this hotel for them. I was a little anxious before setting foot in the hotel, because some people (just a few) have given it a very bad rating, and I was thinking &quot;what if all the favorable reviews are fake?&quot; But now, I'm beginning to think that the bad reviews might be fake. I have been to New York five or six times. I have stayed in very modern hotels of well-known hotel-chains. But now I found the hotel I'm going to stay in every time I go back to New York. The thing I loved most was the lobby: peaceful and quiet, the only sound heard was just classical music. The pink marble floor is something I've never seen in an American hotel, and I've stayed in many. The other big hotels' lobbies, with hundreds of rooms and thousands of guests, resemble zoos, with so much noise and traffic and people trying to be heard and serviced.The elevators always came almost instantly, I never had to wait more than 10 seconds. The complimentary breakfast was basic, just coffee and cupcakes and croissants, but if it was any richer, I would feel guilty for eating 3,000 calories for breakfast.The marble bathroom is something I've seen only in European upscale homes, and it even had a bidet! It is indispensable to anyone who knows its usefulness, I won't get into details here.My only complaint was that the air-conditioning is rather old and noisy. I would prefer it more modern, and I'm sure it consumes a great deal of energy, too. So, the hotel should think of replacing the whole system.	
Jun 15 2009 	Not bad--not great	We stayed at the Michelangelo Hotel for 4 nights in early June 09. Overall, it isn't a bad hotel, but for the money I expected more.The hotel is very convenient to most of the subway lines, which is a big plus for getting around Manhattan. It has a beautiful lobby--very impressive. Our deluxe room was the size of an average hotel room. The bed was extremely comfortable. We liked the turn-down service, the large tub, the free New York Times, and free shoe shine service.A few things we didn't like. This room had certainly seen better days. It looked a bit worn and was in need of a makeover. The air conditioner was very loud and right next to the bed. It would cycle on for about 30 seconds every 3 or 4 minutes all day and night, and blow cold air on the bed. The bathroom was small, ordinary, and in need of some renovation. There is a black and white tv in the bathroom with a 3 or 4 inch screen that uses an antenna; it is essentially unusable. One of my pet peeves is when a hotel charges for internet. The Michelangelo charges $10 a day, but they do have a free computer in the lobby (extremely slow internet connection).One thing to note is that the hotel advertises free coffee and tea in the morning, and they do have that. For some reason I thought they had a continental breakfast. Most mornings they only had croissants. One morning there were some scones as well. I thought there would be more options.For the price I think this hotel is just average. If you can get a great deal on the room and you want to be in the Times Square area, then it wouldn't be a bad choice. We won't stay here again because I think there are better hotels for the price. For the rest of our trip we stayed at the Vincci Avalon Hotel, and for the same price had a beautiful suite in an excellent location.	
Jun 14 2009 	Stayed here for 12 years....	I discovered this hotel in 1997 and have not stayed anywhere else since. That should say it all. Great location, great service and an atmosphere that is a haven from the madness outside the front door. This is NOT a poncey boutique hotel full of 'actors' in black pretending to be staff.Love it.	
Jun 10 2009 	Great hotel!	We stayed at the Michelangelo in June 2009 after reading great reviews here on Tripadvisor and we weren't disappointed. The staff were extremely pleasant and helpful and it was a beautiful hotel. We were upgraded when we checked in at the desk and found ourselves with a king size bed in a very spacious room that had a walk in closet and separate vanity and bathroom. The room was nicely furnished and there was a huge bath tub, nothing special but just huge. Hotel location was great and close to subway lines and conveniently located near MOMA, Times Square, Central Park and Rockefeller Center. The Michelangelo is also across the street from Le Bernadine and the concierge was able to get us a last minute reservation on the same night with no problem at all! The only drawback I can think of is that it is right off 7th avenue and you can hear the low hum of the crowds and cars if you're on a lower floor but there are great sound absorbing drapes you can pull over the windows.	
Jun 3 2009 	the Elegance of a great hotel the comfort of home	After reading others reviews of the Michelangelo, I just had to give it a try. My husband and I usually stay in &quot;Name Brand&quot; hotels while in the City. We were a little apprehensive at first, but once we stepped in the door and felt the ambiance I knew we had made the right decision. The atmosphere is of course old world Italian. The staff was polite and beyond helpful. We had requested an early check in due to our early morning flight, and when no rooms were yet available they stored our luggage while we saw the sites. When we returned the hotel had compensated us for our trouble (which was actually no trouble at all) . Our room was elegant and extremely comfortable. We were only 4 stories up in the middle of NYC, but the outside noise level was null. We were pleasantly surprised. The room was spacious, the bed comfortable and the whole hotel very clean. All our future trips will be spent in The Michelangelo. as for price, I got a good one by checking the internet frequently. Thanks Michelangelo staff.	
Jun 2 2009 	What a great hotel	I found the staff to be very courteous and helpful. The room was large and clean, particularly for the city. I think we've found a new favorite.	
May 29 2009 	i love love LOVE this hotel	Let me tell you why I LOVE this hotel. And it's not just because the rooms are nicely sized, clean, comfortable, and even a bit luxurious.Earlier this month, I came into town late at night to do a media appearance for a book I had written (aside: I'm not at all famous or anything, so this was a huge deal for me). My wife and I arrived after midnight, and I had to be over at Rockefeller Center for 8:15 a.m. At about 7:50 a.m., I realized I had forgotten the dress shoes I planned to wear with my suit! I was left with a choice: Be known forever as the goofball who wore orange sneakers with a gray charcoal suit on MSNBC's &quot;Morning Joe,&quot; or find a pair of black dress shoes in the next 10 or 15 minutes.I called down to the front desk and explained my situation. I'm desperate, I said--can you help? Check this out: the doorman took off his shoes, had them shined, and called to say he was sending them up to my room. I was so nervous that I waited in the lobby, and changed into them straight away.So this is the hotel where the doorman literally gave me the shoes off his feet. (I tipped him pretty well when I came back at 9:30, of course, but he had no way of knowing whether I'd do that!)It's a great hotel. I'd stay there again in a New York minute---and I definitely will.	
May 29 2009 	This one's a gem!!	Midtown Manhattan is a bustling, busy place with lot's of people. That's why we were grateful for the peace and quiet of this elegant hotel after a day in the crowds. The room was wonderful. It was clean, comfortable and the service was excellent. Fantastic shower. I was a bit surprised when charged more than $5 for a cup of coffee in the hotel lobby bar and that there was a $9.99 charge for WiFi, but the hotel was great nonetheless and we wouldn't hesitate to stay there again.	
May 26 2009 	Great location - close to 4 subway lines	My wife and I stayed in the Michelangelo Hotel for 6 nights in early May 2009. Our room was comfortable, spacious (the dressing room leading into the bathroom was an unexpected bonus) and quiet. The complimentary coffee/tea and croissants/scones in the morning were very welcome as eating out in New York is not cheap.Possibly the best feature of the hotel, however, was it's proximity to 4 subway stations. New York is a big city and while we walked to attractions where possible, it would be me too much to ask to walk everywhere. Taxis are great if the roads are generally traffic-free but during they day they are anything but. The Michelangelo is situated within a couple of blocks of stations for 4 different subway lines, however, and so we were able to get wherever we wanted without having to walk for miles. The subway is undoubtedly the best way to get around the city during the day and my number 1 tip for choosing a hotel in New York would be to check proximity to subway lines and stations.The one down side to the hotel is that eating out options in the area are not great. The hotel is located close to Times Square (very busy - best avoided) and the vast majority of eateries in the vicinity are of the chain restuarant variety. Due to the aforementioned proximity to the subway stations, however, this is not a problem. We were able to leave our hotel room in the evenings and 15 minutes later be in Greenwich Village/Little Italy where there are plenty of great eating options.For those interested in baseball, the hotel is a 5 minute walk from the subway line which takes you to the doorstop of New Yankee Stadium in The Bronx.The hotel is also located 5-10 mins walk from the Rockefeller Centre. My wife and I got a sunrise-sunset ticket for Top of the Rock. We only had to wait 5 minutes to get into the lift, which took us to the 69th floor in under 50 seconds. The views from the top of Central Park and the Empire State Building were fantastic. Our ticket allowed us to see the city spread out below us in the daylight and also lit up after dark in the evening. We didn't go up the Empire State Building as (a) it's the most famous building in New York but it's the one building you can't see if you go up it! (b) queues are meant to be horrendous and (c) it takes ages to get to the top in the lifts.I haven't given the hotel 5 stars for value as you have to pay a premium to get a good hotel in a good location in New York. The hotel was good value for New York but it was expensive.	
May 21 2009 	Excellent Hotel in Mid-Town NYC!	My wife and I found The Michelangelo Hotel on Trip Advisor and we are glad we did! It was everything as promised. Clean, comfortable, excellent location, great service, and a fair price (for NYC). We will go back to them every time we stay in NYC.	
May 7 2009 	This is a lovely elegant hotel.	We only stay in The Michelangelo Hotel in NYC. It's fantastic!!!! It's very chic, classy, and elegant. It's clean and comfortable, you're surrounded by marble, luxurious beds, beautiful rooms and many wonderful amenties. The location is perfect it's near all the places you want to visit, you're in the middle of everything, yet it's quiet and private. My husband and I would never stay in another hotel. We visit NYC a lot.	
Apr 30 2009 	Excellent Value and an Excellent Location	My girlfriend and I stayed at The Michelangelo on Good Friday and received a terrific rate of $199 for their standard room.As soon as we entered the hotel we were blown away by the design of the hotel's lobby. There was a small snafu while checking in as my nightly rate was quoted as $295. I pointed out the difference in price to the attendant and it was immediately corrected when he looked at my original reservation files and saw that I did, in fact, book the room at $199. He was courteous the entire time and made sure we were aware of the hotel's free breakfast. I did have to remind him that I was a member of iPrefer and that I received a late check-out, among other things that I never received/used. iPrefer members are supposed to receive free Wi-Fi and complimentary upgrades at all Preferred Hotel Group properties. I never needed the Wi-Fi and I looked at the hotel's reservation page earlier in the week and saw that the only room type available was a suite. I knew the upgrade wasn't going to happen. Maybe I was upgraded, who knows?We were also pleasantly surprised by the size of rooms. We previously stayed at the Hotel Chandler, which is a very nice hotel but is also extremely small even after being upgraded. At The Michelangelo we had plenty of room to walk around and not bump into each other or anything. The rooms are well appointed and the bed is very comfortable. Our view was of the HVAC, but that didn't really bother us. If you want to see New York City, you go outside and do it! I think the hotel needs to update their TVs to what most hotels consider standards, meaning HD-TVs. The TV in the bathroom that most people rave about is about a foot long with a three inch screen size and an ANTENNA! But, this is New York City, who stays in and watches TV?The only amenity that I took advantage of was the overnight shoe shine. My shoes came back the next morning looking better then they ever have. Hats off to whoever shines the shoes at The Michelangelo.At turn down, the housekeeping staff pulled down the blackout shades and when I woke up at 11 I was confused as to why it was so dark outside. Thanks to my oversleeping (like I said, the beds are really comfortable), we missed the free breakfast so I won't be able to comment on the food at the hotel. I was shocked at how reasonable the mini-bar prices were. I think it was $7 for a Jack Daniels. If I went to a NYC bar for a Jack Daniels it would be at least $10.My girlfriend left a bag of moisturizer and face cream in the hotel room and we didn't realize it until Sunday. I called the hotel to ask if housekeeping found it and was assured that someone would call me back immediately. Two weeks went by and I never heard from them. I called them back to ask again and was told that someone would check and call me back again. I waited about a few hours and called back and they said nothing was found but that they will ask the person that cleaned my room the next day. The people that I talked to were always very courteous and I'm sure they were going out of their way for me, it just would have been nice to have been called back the first time.With all of that said, I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone. The room was well worth the $199 rate and I would stay there again in a heartbeat for that price. I think the rooms are easily worth $400 a night, but those prices are out of my range.	
Apr 27 2009 	Giant Room Great Service	The review I planned to write will not be the one submitted, as during my stay at this hotel for business I had a death in the family and needed to check out early. What I can say with confidence is that this hotel had very kind and caring staff and every person I interacted with during my stay was wonderful.The room was huge, with a walk in closet and nice dressing area/vanity for hair styling, makeup application, etc. Very comfortable bed, three windows and a large bathroom with bidet were all pluses. Also enjoyed having the complimentary coffee service downstairs in the morning. Did not order room service or eat at the hotel restaurant so cannot comment on that. Loved the location, right down the street from Times Square, Rockefeller Plaza and the theatre district, plus close enough to my office to get a nice little walk in each way. Plenty of food choices/coffee shops/delis nearby.The staff could not have been nicer when hearing about my personal loss and were very helpful with early checkout, etc. The concierge assisted my husband with delivering flowers to my room and did a beautiful job.The only negative I can think of is the fact that there is still a bedspread used in the rooms. Mine was stained which is why I only gave four bubbles for cleanliness, I am used to high end hotels using duvets covered by sheets that are changed between guests and never sit on a hotel bedspread. This would not dissuade me from recommending this hotel to a friend or staying again in the future, just something that in my opinion should be changed.	
Apr 24 2009 	Absolute Best Hotel	The Michelangelo is among the best places we have stayed in NYC. We go to NYC a couple of times a year for fun. This hotel has an amazing staff, large [forNYC] rooms, great king size beds, etc. I will continue to book at The Michelangelo. We missed our flight [weather] and The Michelangel did not charge us for the first night, although they had no obligation not to. Really is a great place to stay!!!	
Apr 21 2009 	Great location beautiful hotel free breakfast - what more could you ask	Stayed at The Michelangelo in April 2009 for our honeymoon. On arrival we were kindly upgraded to a Junior Suite and when we got to the room there was 12 pink roses and a congratulations card - what a lovely touch!The hotel is absolutely beautiful and our room was lovely, spacious and very clean it had everything that we needed.There is a complimentary breakfast each morning consisting of tea/coffee and croissants/muffins/scones. All very nice and very appreciated.If you fancy going out for breaky I would recommend the Red Flame on W44th street - a 15 min walk but well worth it :-)New York is amazing and this hotel puts you in an ideal location, it is in the heart of everything and yet is it very quiet and private.Applebees happy hour is a must $7 dollars for the biggest plate of nachos mmmmmmm.	
Apr 14 2009 	Pleasant hotel in a good location	We stayed in this hotel for a short trip to New York. The hotel is conveniently located in mid-town a short distance from MOMA and Saks and around a 10-15 minute walk from Central Park. The style is traditional with a nice lobby and bar area, good sized rooms (bathrooms are nice rather than luxurious) and warm service. At the rate we paid ($245 p/n) I would recommend it. This included coffee and croissants for breakfast. We understand the hotel has a michelin star restaurant attached but didn't end up trying it.	
Apr 13 2009 	Nice hotel good value	Stayed at this hotel for several days. The rooms were spacious and the beds extremely comfortable. A simple breakfast was also included in the cost. The location was also good. Staff were courtious and helpful. I was lucky with cost as the hotel was promoting a weekend deal at the time making the hotel extremely good value. I would recommend staying here, especially if able to obtain one of their special deals.	
Apr 7 2009 	I felt like family at The Michelangelo!	I recently got back from my third stay at The Michelangelo Hotel since first discovering it in December 2007, and let me tell you, loyalty has its advantages. From the moment I arrived, the staff made me feel like I was someone special, and more than just a guest. I walked up to the front desk, and I didn't have to say anything. The man knew who I was, gave me a very warm and friendly greeting, and had everything ready for me. He even gave me a free room upgrade without me even asking! The service all throughout the hotel was top notch. Everyone was very open and enthusiastic, and gave me the feeling that they were generally happy that I had returned. Special note goes to the head Concierge, James Jolis, who not only gave wonderful dining recommendations, but would stop and talk with me about the theater and the shows I was seeing if he wasn't busy. He even walked up to me and shook my hand when I was checking out. The entire atmosphere of the staff was wonderful, but not overbearing.As always, the hotel itself was a delight, and remains my home away from home when I go on my personal New York theater trips. The five shows that I saw (Billy Elliot, Exit the King, 33 Variations, Blithe Spirit, and God of Carnage) were all a 5 to 10 minute walk away from the hotel. It's a perfect location, as you're close enough to being in the middle of Times Square without having to actually have the chaos and mob-like crowds right outside your door. My room met my usual high expectations when I stay here, and was impeccably clean, not to mention incredibly spacious. There's such a wonderful feeling I get in this hotel. Stepping in from the action of New York, you're treated to the warm and inviting lobby with soothing classical music playing and the classic paintings hanging on the wall. It's very calming, and that feeling continues throughout your entire visit.I've stayed at other hotels numerous times, and have never received the kind of care and attention from the staff as I did during my recent visit to The Michelangelo. Thank you to everyone who helped make this trip memorable, and I look forward to seeing you all again when I return in November.	
Apr 6 2009	An island of calm in the theater district	It just doesn't get any more convenient than this. The hotel is just steps from the theater district and Rockefeller Center. This is my husbands first choice when he is here on business. We spent 3 nights. He had a business dinner so I went to several theater box offices to see if I could get a ticket. I scored a good seat for Wicked. Single tickets are often available the same day of even the hottest shows, especially during the week. When you book this hotel be sure to ask for a quiet room, off the street. We were awakened by garbage trucks on the first night. The hotel is only 8 stories high, which is not tall enough to avoid outside noise. The rooms are a generous size for New York. Also, there are no coffee pots in the rooms or ironing boards. There is coffee service in the lobby every morning, and they serve little pastries. Some of the restaurants we enjoy in the area are Thalia at 8th and 50th, be sure to reserve. If your not going to the theater eat at 8pm when it quiets down. It's consistently excellent Italian and reasonable. We also love Bar Americain, Bobby Flays new place. He usually makes a showing at around 9. It's trendy and pricey. For a quick bite there's Duke's on 51st. Right next door. It's an amazing smorgasbord. You can also save $10.00 by parking yourself only a block or two away, as long as you don't need in and out privileges.	
Mar 28 2009 	Great hotel for theater locations	Hi I just returned from an overnight stay. We stayed in room 305, which had a side view of 7th ave and I think 52nd. Well to start off, we booked a deluxe rm for $260. i then went onto quikbooks and found a rate of $199 for the same rm. I called the Mgr. who said he would honor the rate. Upon checking in, they informed me the rate was $260 ( good thing I kept the response confirmation stating it was $199.) Valet parking is $40 and you are able to take your car out 1 time, without being charged. The hotel lobby is beautiful We walked into the room and it was a fairly nice sized rm. I did notice a little wear and tear of the rug and there were some stains on the duvet. ( but how many people really sleep with that top blanket on anyway). I then sprayed Lysol on the entire bed.(hey I live in NY so I know about germs)The air conditioning was not working properly though. The bathroom had a little Tv in there, plus a little sitting area outside the bathroom.The Bed was nice and firm, but the pillows were too soft for me. We were on the 3rd floor, so I did hear some taxi's for a little while, but then it was quiet. The curtains also kept out the flashing billboard acrooss the street.There are plenty of places to eat in the area. We went to bobby Flays steakhouse(very pricey), but left after being seated because it was too noisy. We then walked down to Ben Bensons steakhouse. It was expensive also, but the food was fantastic. it is kind of like a Peter Lugers environment. Serendipity is a great place for dessert, or hit one the the starbucks located on every other corner. The hotel offers tea and coffee in the lobby, in the mornings. over all I would stay here again because of the location to the theatres, Rockefeller plaza, Radio city and Etc, but Not for the regular room rate that they charge.	
Mar 24 2009 	Excellent location fabulous large rooms and excellent staff	I travel a few times a year to NY and usually stay in the same hotel but as the rate was rather high I hunted for a different Hotel. The Michelangelo did not disappoint although some of the reviews were not too good - Rooms were very spacious with an added dressing room and the bed was very comfortable. Having the complimentary breakfast was lovely especially as I was by myself and did not have to venture out - it is just enough to set you up for the day with croissants and scones and a variety of coffee to suit everyones taste. The location is excellent - 2 blocks to the upper end of 5th Avenue and a very short walk to Times Square, Radio City and Top of the Rock. I found it very serene to return to after a hard days sightseeing and one was never disturbed by noise at night.If there is a downside it is very small - no separate shower but apart from that this is my hotel for NY in future.	
Mar 24 2009 	This hotel is a sanctuary	This was our second stay at the Michelangelo. Our first visit was in December 08 over the holidays and we had such a great experience we decided to come back. Walking into the lobby from the busy Times Square area is like walking into a sanctuary. It is calm and serene. Ornately decorated but not stuffy. The staff always has a smile and is willing to help. Once again we were upgraded to a jr. suite. The room is generously sized although the bathrooms are a bit small. The bed is super comfortable, linens very soft. Also, the room is very quiet. In the morning you can get free delicious Italian coffee and pastry. Served elegantly, the guests settle in the beautiful lobby, read newspapers, and chat. Times Square is right around the corner. In December the concierege recommended several great restaurants of which we took advantage. We hope to return and try their in house restaurant next time.	
Mar 23 2009 	Our place to stay in NYC	My overall rating is excellent...from the moment we step into the hotel, we feel like we are returning home. Everyone very welcoming. We meet a group of friends here every year to attend a show and an opera. Everything is so convenient...we enjoy the bar area where we all gather in the evening...the breakfast too...everything is really very nice.We will stay there again next year as we have in the past years.	
Mar 22 2009 	Not a good choice for a good nights sleep.	We usually stay at Kimpton Hotels since we love their customer service and the contemporary, casual yet elegant style. We did choose the Michelangelo hotel since our friends found a great nightly rate.Nice elegant Lobby, staff is professional but not overly welcoming. Rooms are large for NYC standards and bathrooms are well appointed . Decor is a bit faded and basic. The main problem that I had with the hotel is that we had a terrible night's sleep all due to the heating system being very loud and making banging noises through out the night. I did place a complaint but was told that I should of notified the front desk of the problem. I thought this response was cop out since I did not want to be relocated at 2:30am to another room, that would of been an inconvenience. I may add that our friends had the same experience with the noise of their heating system as well, so my guess is that this is a big issue throughtout. We did check out earlier than usual since we barely slept and just wanted to leave this hotel. Would we stay here again? The answer is No. I'll stick to the Kimptons chain next time, where we never have encountered any problems and always experience a great nights rest isn't that what it's all about when you stay at hotel, comfort and a peaceful nights sleep?	
Mar 21 2009 	Oasis in Great Location Close to Theatres	The Michelangelo was the perfect choice for our NYC weekend! Gershwin Theatre (&quot;Wicked&quot;) only 1 1/2 blocks away; the red line direct route to ferry for Ellis Island 1 block away; short walk to Trattoria Trecolori just off Times Square for delicious Italian meal; 4 blocks to St. Patrick's for Sunday mass and a quick taxi ride for brunch at Tavern on the Green in Central Park. Entering the lobby from the busy street, all of a sudden everything was peaceful and calm. Ney, who helped us with our luggage, was pleasant and really friendly. Our room (#629) was tucked away in a very quiet corner of the hotel on the 6th floor - view from window was a wall, but it was like a skylight and the room was so nice the view didn't matter. We had one of the less expensive rooms - $199 special, but we found it very spacious, tastefully decorated, new? cream color carpet, really comfortable king bed, Bose radio, big fluffy towels and bathrobes. The extra taxes came as a bit of a surprise - our total for 2 nights was $491.42, but we still thought a great value. Don't know why we hadn't found the Michelangelo before, but it will be our hotel of choice from now on for special weekends in NYC.	
Mar 14 2009 	Happy with our stay . . . great location!	This hotel is in a great location and was extremely clean. The rooms were a good size and the rates weren't bad for Manhattan. Liked that they had coffee and pastry available in the morning, though wish there was a little more of a variety (croissants and on one day scones also). Not a real busy lobby. Staff was helpful. The only complaint we had was the parking situation. There is a parking garage down the block that has a deal with the hotel. Rates were $27/night which is great for NYC. However, when we left, we were charge a $10 premium because we had an SUV. It was noted on the ticket, but who reads the tickets. It wasn't like we had a huge car, just an Explorer. The hotel seemed to be unaware of this policy, but even though they said they would try to get it rebated, we haven't seen anything yet. However, I would still recommend this hotel and would not hesitate to stay there again.	
Mar 13 2009 	Great location and concierge!	We liked the great location and the excellent advise provided by James, the concierge. We also loved the little details offered free of charge by the hotel such as the wonderful shoe shining service, the internet and the complimentary coffee and buns. Very comfortable beds. Smiling and nice bell boys, ready to help.We disliked the noisy heating and the spots on the beadspread.	
Mar 13 2009 	Nice Hotel but needs a bit of TLC	This is the fourth time that I've stayed at this property and this time I wasn't impressed for the reason that my room showed signs of significant wear. The hotel needs to step up a bit if they want to keep their 4 star rating and keep the great reviews coming. I know that bookings may be a little off due to the economy but stained and worn carpets to me is a deterent for me booking at this particular property again. I have to give praise to the rooms decor and size but come on fix the problems and do not actually appoint &quot;these&quot; rooms to guest untill these minor issues are fixed.Also I remember that the complimentary breakfast use to be ample and now it has been scaled down with choices only fruit and a pastry. Anyway just a few minor gribes, but all in all this is still a beatiful hotel in a great location and I have no complaints with the service and the staff of the hotel.	
Feb 26 2009 	Getting a little worn around the edges	This is still an excellent hotel for the price and is very well-located. However, our room was starting to get a little worn around the edges. The carpeting was well worn, with a split in the carpet seam right at the spot where a person would get out of bed. The carpet was also showing some dirt in the corners and near the walls. The same was true in the bathroom. We also noticed that the complimentary continental breakfast only included apples and cornettos (like straightened croissants), while there used to be more variety in the past. The mattresses are as comfortable as ever and the staff was friendly and efficient in pumping out those cappuccinos in the morning. It's just that the owners need to do a little refurbishing to keep up those stellar ratings. And one tip for first-timers: For each night's stay, the garage around the corner charges only $27 for each 24-hour period. If you're staying only one night, however, you have to get the car out on time to get the low rate.	
Feb 25 2009 	The reviews are accurate	Beautiful lobby, superb service from the moment you arrive at the front desk. Room was beautifully decorated. Ambiance feels like old world European hotel but without the stuffy attitude. Bar area is tastefully decorated with great selection of single malts. Included continental breakfast provides croissants and the best scones anywhere, great coffee as well as your choice of latte, espresso or capuccino--this adds considerably to the value of your stay here as this would be quite expensive locally. By asking for an inside room, though there was no view, it spared us from any street noise--it was dead quiet. Impossible to beat location if you want to attend broadway shows, the shops of 5th avenue, or Rockefeller Center. I look forward to coming back here, again, and again, and again.	
Feb 12 2009 	Can't wait to return	We just celebrated our 36th anniversary at this hotel..It was a perfect long weekend. The entire staff is friendly, but not overly so..perfect.I had called because I was having roses delivered to our room. When we arrived, they had upgraded us to a suite....perfectClean...quiet...comfortable..perfect service	
Feb 9 2009 	Hope to return again	So many excellent things to say about this hotel. From the moment I stepped out of my taxi from a long flight to SF, I was greeted &amp; helped by a very efficient bellhop. The Front Desk person (too bad I can't remember her name but I will definitely remember her face when I come back) who on my 2nd day remembered my name &amp; greets me when I come back after a long day at work...From the way housekeeping kept my room clean. The room was quite comfortable including the spacious bathroom with a deep tub. I can control my room temperature which is important to me. I requested for a quiet room &amp; it was fulfilled. Location is excellent. The only drawback is I can't get a cellular signal in my room but that's OK. It's probably because of where my room is located. But my time in New York while on business is quite intense so it's nice to come back to a place where I can decompress like I do at home. This hotel has my complete thumbs-up! I hope I get the pleasure to stay in the hotel in next visit.	
Feb 8 2009	Michelangelo Hotel  Great Hotel In Midtown New York	I've been to the michelangelo twice and it's been the best hotel i've ever been to in New York. It's right in the middle of everything, few steps to times square but yet quiet. It's elegant, the rooms are big and well equipped, there's piano music at the lobby and the second time i was there i was greeted with a box of Godiva chocolates and a welcome back card from the hotel director. My only complaint is the price has raised a lot lately, so my last time in ny, i had to go to another hotel.	
Feb 2 2009 	First class all the way!	We love this place. We've stayed here twice in the last 3 months and have already booked another stay for February. The rooms are elegant, spacious and extremely clean. We found ourselves coming back to the hotel just to hang out and relax. With the convenient location to the Theatre district and Manhattan shopping it's easy to come back as needed. If you stay, definitely give the continental breakfast a shot - the coffee bar is outstanding!	
Jan 5 2009 	Christmas In New York	We stayed at the Michelangelo from 12-26-08 to 12-29-08. We did sign up for the I prefer free membership and we got nothing. No upgrades, no box of chocolates, and no early check in. A little embarassing when you show them the card and nothing happens. We arrived at 11 am and they did hold our luggage for us. So we went into the city and started our vacay and we came back and checked in. It truly is a perfect location to go to Rockafeller Center, and Times Square.** Biggest advice is when taking a taxi, to take the taxi in the direction your going(in other words walk a block to get in the same direction that you want to go). It'll avoid a lot of wasted time in a cab going around the block.We had a fantastic time. The Michelangelo was very very nice. Seems like wealthy people go there(not rich, wealthy). They pretty much don't bother with you, unless you ask for something. The rooms were made 3 times a day. Room service food was good. Everything was clean. We must of had the lowest level room, which was fine. Out the window you see the view of bricks from a building. So you better ask for a view if you want one.We paid $1,200 for 3 nights. The concierge was ok, you basically need to ask direct questions to get answers. Our driver told us more about the City and yes go to little Italy where there is the best Italian food ever! Ruth Chris's Steakhouse is next to the Michelangelo and they have the best creme brulee. Gordon Ramsey's Maze breakfast is good, but the fruits don't bother to tase if you've been to Puerto Rico(they have the sweetest fruits)I'm giving this a high rating because they did nothing wrong and it served our main purpose. To be in a safe, clean, enviornment, with no loud partying guests in the middle of New York City. All the guests there were quiet, and the place is beautiful.If you're looking for a Sandals's type of welcoming, not here. But you don't look like a fool wearing your best clothes and jewelry. There were women in minks here. My husband &amp; I had only the Radio City Christmas show scheduled, but we barely spent any time in the hotel. I loved Bubba Gump Restaurant, Dr. Jeckel and Mr. Hyde's restaurant, they were fun to do, jeans and sweater meal. Ruth Chris's Steakhouse was around $275 for 2 people and worth every penny. We took a taxi to Tavern on the Green and took a carriage ride in Central Park at night, and then went to eat in little Italy.(No, we didn't eat there, our driver told us to go to little Italy instead and it was well worth it) We ate at Buona Notte in Mulberry Street and they have the best Lobster Ravioli ever.I would definately go back there, but not expecting an upgrade although the people in front of us did get an upgrade. The Michelangelo did nothing wrong to not deserve a 5 star rating from me, except the fact that I had a perfect honeymoon in St. Lucia's. If we go back to New York, I would definately stay there again. It was clean, professional, quiet, and safe, and beautiful. And small, so not a lot of people there.	
Dec 30 2008 	Great Hotel	Just got back from a two night stay in NYC. My wife and I brought our 18 yr old exchange student from France and our 19 yr old daughter and booked two rooms at the Michelangelo Dec 27 and 28 2008. I booked on the web site and paid 295 dollars a night for large rooms with King beds. The location was fabulous. Right next to Rockerfeller Center and Times Square but the rooms were incredibly Quiet! Nice bathrooms, comfortable beds, complimentary continental breakfast, friendly, courteous staff. We would definitely stay at the Michelangelo again.	
Dec 28 2008 	Now our favorite in NYC	The size of the room, the cleanliness and freshness of the entire hotel greatly exceeded expectations. We've paid far more gotten far less in NYC in our many trips there. The continental breakfast featured European-quality pastries and fabulous Italian coffee, far superior to the nearby Starbucks, and it was all included in the price of the room. Concierge James put us onto a neighborhood Italian restaurant, Vice Versa, where we had one of the best meals ever in NYC. We will be back to both!	
Dec 20 2008	stay away from restaurant	how on earth did restaurant insieme get one star from Michelin? soulless food and a waitress who dared to bring warm white wine to the table of a restaurant where one ends up with a 100$ per person bill. Stay away from it.	
Dec 2 2008 	Loved the Michelangelo	Beautiful hotel, we had a lovely junior suite - very spacious and luxurious. Great position, close to Times Square and the Theatre District. Good value for money. Great service too.	
Dec 1 2008	50th Wedding Anniversary	Based on online reviews, I booked the Michelangelo for a 50th wedding anniversary getaway for my parents. They appreciate high quality accommodations, and the Michelangelo lived up to expectations. They raved about the hotel: the room, the lobby, the service, and the location. (Additionally, I think the front desk may have generously upgraded them from a deluxe room to a suite.)Bargain-hunting tip: I found that hotels.com seemed to consistently offer the best rates for this hotel. I also found that it pays to check this website a few times a week for two weeks, since the rates being offered seemed to fluctuate considerably.	
Nov 25 2008 	Loved the Michelangelo!!	11/25/08 Just returned from a weekend at the Michelangelo. It is as beautiful and elegant in person as it is in the pictures. Great location to everything...within walking distance of Radio City Music Hall and Rockefeller Center.  Service was great right from the check-in. Doorman was always available and ready/willing to call a cab. (Although we were told by a private car company that the doormen have a deal worked out with the cab drivers)......the Concierge was very knowledgeable and quickly made dinner reservations for us.  The room was beautiful and they were kind enough to upgrade our room due to our special occasion. The rooms were beautifully decorated and had wonderful comforts such as a down duvet, thick bath towels and plush bathrobes. There was even a TV in the bathroom vanity area!!! And the bed turn-down in the evening with chocolates was another pampering touch!! There was a complimentary continental breakfast off the lobby area with coffee, biscottis and croissants. And there was complimentary coffee/expresso daily along with a daily paper delivered to your room. I could go on and on....It definitely meets the 4 star rating that it was given, including the price. We lucked out and obtained a wonderful price online.....otherwise it would have been outside our budget. But it would be a wonderful splurge!!! Would definitely return....depending on the cost.	
Nov 24 2008 	Absolutely wonderful!	The Michaelangelo is in a great location close to Rockefeller Center, 5th Avenue and Times Square. We booked our room through the iPrefer program (which is free!) and when we checked in, we were upgraded to a junior suite. I don't know if this was become we are iPrefer members, but this is the 2nd time it has happened. There was a box of Godiva chocolate waiting for us when we got back to the room later that evening.The room was immaculate and the biggest hotel room I've been in NYC. My ONLY complaint is that there is not a separate shower, and the tub is very deep, so it's a little tricky to get in and out of it.There is free coffee, latte and cappucino in the lobby in the morning, along with biscotti and croissants.We will definitely stay at The Michaelangelo our next time in NYC.	
Nov 24 2008 	exactly what i wanted	I chose this hotel based on reviews like this &amp; I couldn't have been happier. They held our bags for us while we went to our show &amp; when we returned to check in we were upgraded to a junior suite. The room was lovely, large, &amp; clean. The staff was friendly, the lobby was beautiful, &amp; the coffee was hot. The location is great &amp; the hotel itself really rounded out a great NY experience!	
Nov 19 2008	Great Location 	I recently stayed at the Michelangelo Hotel for 3 nights. Upon a late arrival, I was given an upgrade (without asking for one), The room was beautiful, spacious, and very clean. The bathroom was large and roomy with a huge bathtub and soft, large towels. The only drawback was no view from the windows in this particular room, but it was quiet and very clean which was a plus to me. The hallways are lovely. The staff is not bothersome, but very helpful when you need them. The elevators are quick as well!! It is in a convenient location that can't be beat. I enjoyed my stay immensely and when I mentioned that all that lacked was a view, the staff said they would place me on the list for a room with a view the next time I stayed. I will definitely stay here again!	
Nov 18 2008 	Great weekend stay	My boyfriend and I recently stayed at The Michelangelo at 51st between 6th and 7th Avenues in Manhattan for 3 nights. We've been to New York a number of times and we've stayed at different hotels each time. This is the first hotel I think we'll be going back to. The hotel itself isn't the height of luxury, and staff don't fall all over themselves for you. But if you don't need that, then this is a great place. It doesn't hurt that our room was upgraded for our stay. We found ourselves in a really big, comfortable and quiet room. The room was a little musty when we came in, but we turned the air on and that took care of it. Again, the room wasn't the height of luxury, but it was very nice - a big comfy bed, a well-stocked mini bar, a huge closet and a big bathtub. The location is hard to beat - our weekend events included a Broadway show and a recital at Carnegie Hall - both a short walk away. No problems with coming back to an unmade room. One thing we loved (and this is going to sound strange) - the elevators. We've been to many hotels where you end up waiting a surprisingly long time for an elevator (and when one finally arrives, it's already full). Not at all an issue here. Our last night, we asked if the hotel had any hairspray they could send up, and were really pleased with the basket of various bathroom amenities we received. It was a nice end to a really nice stay. We did encounter an overcharge upon checking out (we were charged for something from the minibar that we didn't take), but the hotel immediately reimbursed us for the charge.	
Nov 17 2008 	Right on Times Square	We stayed at the Michelangelo for the second half of our NY stay in October/Nov 2008. The hotel is just around the corner from Times Square and only a block from the starting points of the NY Hop On/Hop Off bus tours which are a great way to see the city. The rooms by NY standards are quite large with very comfortable king beds. The staff were friendly enough, although we didnt really have to deal with them much as we spent some much time out of the hotel. Breakfast is complimentary crossaints and biscotti, with a variety of coffees - however juice is charged at $5US a glas (go figure). Overall, the hotel is clean, spacious and very convenient to all NY has to offer, we would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a good base in NY.	
Oct 20 2008 	Fantastic Location	My husband and I stayed at the Michelangelo the night of October 17, 2008, and had a fabulous stay. The location was great--far enough from Times Square, but close to plenty of great restaurants, shopping and Central Park. We arrived earlier than the check-in time of 3pm, but the doorman stored our luggage and we went off to lunch. Our room was ready by the time we returned at 2:30pm. After a leaving the elevator, it felt like we made 10 lefts and rights before we got to our room, and I had to look at the signs both coming and going to find my way back...lol...and I have a decent sense of direction, which my husband may or may not agree with. The only complaint I'd make, is that the bowls of potpourri on the hallway tables emitted a cloyingly sweet floral scent, which was overpowering. Our room was a standard room, but furnished beautifully in art deco style. We were on the fourth floor and our room faced the street. Street noise was moderate, but didn't disturb our sleep that night. The bathroom was nicely appointed with quality products, thick towels and a large tub. The water pressure was fantastic. Anyone with a good head of hair would appreciate it; I can't stand it when a hotel has terrible water pressure and it takes forever to rinse out the shampoo.  The concierge was able to find us last minute tickets to Wicked on ticketmaster...hint to theatergoers-ticketmaster releases premium seats that have been unsold by the day of the performance, for standard ticket prices. So the originally $300 seats were available for $125. Also, the theater was a block and a half away from the hotel, which was nice. By the time we returned in the evening, the bed had been turned down, the shades pulled down and chocolates left at the bedside. The king bed was very comfortable. I had read another review of complaints about the a/c unit being noisy and not controllable. We found the controls located on the wall next to the desk and were able to turn the fan off, which did turn on and off quite frequently, and with a lot of noise. I don't think I could've slept with it running on and off all night. At least the weather was cool enough that we didn't need the air. We didn't eat at the hotel at all, so I cannot comment on the restaurant, but we did get a cup of coffee and a croissant to go the next morning. We had to wait about 15 minutes for our car to be brought around by the valet, so I recommend calling for it before you leave your room. This reservation happened to be my first booking as a new travel agent, and the reservation agent at the hotel was very pleasant. I would definitely stay at the hotel again and plan on recommending it to friends and family.	
Oct 17 2008 	Great hotel	We recently stayed at The Michelangelo following a cruise which departed from New York City. After reading several reviews talking about small, expensive hotel rooms in New York City, we were delighted to find this hotel.We had originally booked another hotel near the financial district, but decided it would make more sense to stay near Times Square. About two weeks before our sailing date, we were able to find what we felt was a great price for this hotel, compared with prices on other hotels in the area. We booked on the hotel's website, and then contacted them via phone to ask some questions about luggage storage since we knew we'd be arriving prior to the stated check-in time, and would need to leave our luggage after we checked out. They were very courteous, and told us that they had a storage room for luggage and that the doorman could handle it for us.When we arrived at the hotel after leaving the pier, we checked our luggage with the doorman. He told us they would deliver it to our room once it was ready, and suggested that we pre-register so that it would be waiting for us when we returned from sight-seeing. To our delight, our room was ready (this was about 10:30 AM), and we were given our keys. We went to our room and our luggage was delivered about five minutes later. Throughout our one-night stay, we continued to receive excellent service, and the staff was very willing to answer our many questions, as we were first-time travelers to New York.Our room was much larger than I had expected. The king-size bed was extremely comfortable, the room was very clean, the linens in the bathroom were wonderful, and the bathroom itself was quite large. We were extremely satisfied with our stay, and would definitely put this hotel near the top of our list should we find ourselves in New York in the future.	
Oct 6 2008 	elegant but not overdone	My husband and I just got back from an overnight stay in NY at the Michelangelo Hotel. It was very european in style and in service. The hotel is elegant but not overdone. The staff was very kind and helpful. The room was large and very clean as was the bathroom. The hotel has all amenities of a 4 star hotel and the location is quite convenient to the theatre district. If you want to know where to eat..the concierge will tell you many good places. We cannot wait to go back again.	
Sep 30 2008 	Wonderful	Normally our favorite hotel is the Peninsula but we were tempted to try the Michelangelo because the rates were quite a bit lower. We were pleasantly surprised. While there was no great view to speak of...our junior suite was beautiful. The color scheme was green, salmon, and yellow.The fabrics were elegant and looked new. The window treatments were so lovely and completely blocked out the noise of 7th ave. I didn't even miss the view I just stared at the curtains happily! The artwork, mirrors, and furniture were quality and well placed.The bed was the best I have ever slept on at any hotel---better than my bed at home---we slept like babies---and the sheets were wonderful. There was something so special about our room---we felt so comforted by it and it gave us such a sense of serenity. The bathroom was very large and attractive. I think it might be nice to do a small update on it here and there---perhaps improve the lighting a little to show off the marble. The shower area was huge and the water pressure was great. The lobby was intimate and simple; the morning coffee is a god-send but I do wish they would improve on the morning snack...although it was okay and better than nothing. I thought the service was relaxed and casual which we really like. The important thing to us is to have someone hail you a taxi and that was provided. They were not falling all over you to open the door....but...who cares? Some have commented that the hotel is showing a little wear and tear but I found everything to be well maintained and very well cleaned. Sometimes a little age on a hotel is charming---and that was the case here. We will return and thank you Michelangelo, for creating a special and unique hotel that speaks of &quot;old new york&quot;.	
Sep 26 2008 	No warm friendly welcome wouldnt return	Our second time in New York. Last time had a blast! Do believe hotel is happier dealing with Business suits rather than the typical tourist. Found the front desk girls rude and lacking in customer service. Room Junior Suite was ok size with a sofa and table but no where near a suite. Couldnt work out why we had a mirrored panel on walking in the room - then in the night realised the door wasnt fitted correctly so it let light in all around (fire issue). Air conditioning needs service the noise will wake you up. Door men unable to open doors!We still love NYC and will still go again, the location of this hotel was fantastic for us but we wouldnt return here. There are plus sides here: Location, Bathroom size, restaurant fab service, lovely foyer and coffee in lobby bar every morningBut with lots of wonderful hotels out there...............	
Sep 23 2008 	Always Great	The Michelangelo is as close to home as you can get. A wonderful location, great staff and especially unpretentious! Bernie (bartender) is quite affable and James Jolis (Concierge) always has the best recommendations! We're frequent guests and when the hotel is booked, we would amend our travel plans and stay no where else.	
Sep 15 2008 	Nice but shop around...	We spent Labor Day weekend in NYC at the Michelangelo. The hotel location is very good, but there are plenty of others within 2 blocks. After we got back, I got a Travelzoo notice that the W was offering rooms for $199 per night on select dates through next spring. Last time we did New York we stayed at the Affinia 50, which was a much larger, better room at similar price, but is also further from &quot;the action&quot;.Pros: Location, comfy bed, decent sized room, clean, very quiet (we were on the back side of the hotel). Coffee, fruit and croissants for breakfast. Bathtub. Water pressure in shower. Air conditioner works well. Never had to wait for an elevator, and they're big. Internet access (not free, though).Cons: Quiet means view of a brick wall. I don't mind that so much, but we couldn't even tell if the sun was out. Pillows not great (we asked for and got foam pillows after the first night). Can't set A/C to leave fan running, so it cycles on and off all night, which really made sleeping well very difficult (c'mon Michelangelo, fix this - it's just a new thermostat). Bathtub not jetted. Overall a great weekend and a good hotel, but we'll go elsewhere next time.	
Sep 14 2008 	Wonderful Experience	We booked 3 rooms for two nights (Sept 11-12) through Quikbook for a very competitive rate (for NYC). Every employee we came in contact with from the check-in clerks, concierge, bellman, valet, housekeeping, and Insieme Restaurant were friendly and courteous. One of our 3 reservations appeared to have been misplaced; but they handled the situation flawlessly without missing a beat. We were quickly and efficiently checked into our rooms, even though we arrived early (Noon) . The rooms were spotless and luxuriously well-appointed. Some have complained of the noise when the A/C unit kicks on, but I found it masked the outside street noise nicely and provided background &quot;white noise&quot; . The location was perfect for the two broadway shows (Wicked and Jersey Boys) and the OnBoard NYC Tour we booked. We never waited for the elevators (unlike the cruiseship we just disembarked from...lol). The evening musicians in the lobby were soothing and we loved the ornate Italian decor and chandeliers (even in the elevators). We would return to this hotel in a heartbeat.	
Sep 8 2008 	BEST hotel we have ever stayed in	This hotel was worth every penny. There are little touches everywhere that bump this up to a 5 star hotel. I would strongly encourage anyone who is celebrating something special to come to the Michelengelo.An extra note - there are some complaints about the breakfast not being substantial enough - the croissants/coffee are an extra touch, which are not meant to be a full breakfast. If you want a breakfast of eggs, bacon and toast there are plenty of restaurants...it is New York, after all!	
Sep 4 2008	Okay	The front desk not very helpful requested early check in and was denied.Nice room ,great location worth the price if you get a deal.	
Aug 23 2008 	Beautiful fantastically located hotel	This is a very beautiful hotel in an amazing location. Its so convenient for everything. The room was very spacious, clean and relatively quiet considering where it is situated. The concierge went out of their way to help and really improved our stay. The only reason I am giving this hotel 4 stars instead of 5 is because of the doormen... it really is the worst door service ever. They didnt once open the door for us (even when I was wearing a wedding dress) preffering instead just to stand around chatting. They did get us a taxi on a couple of occasions but we found out from one of the drivers that the doormen take a tip from the taxi driver and then the taxi drivers add it on to your fair! Replace the door staff and I think this could be the best hotel in NY.	
Aug 10 2008 	Best place to stay in New York	Beautiful hotel in a great location with large comfortable rooms and excellent service. Will stay there every time we are in New York!	
Aug 6 2008 	Great location room service	The Michelangelo was perfect for us. This was an anniversary trip, and we wanted a nice place in mid-town Manhattan. The room was comfortable and reasonably quiet (for 51st St.), service was excellent, concierge suggestions were perfect, and the location was great. This is at 51st and 7th, just off Broadway, walking distance from plays, jazz, museums, shopping, Rockefeller Center, Central Park, Times Square, all the things that NYC visitors need.	
Jul 27 2008 	fabulous and friendly	we have just returned from a long weekend stay.It was a present for my birthday and unprompted we received a room upgrade.The hotel is ideal for a luxury base to tour from.It is within easy reach of times square and all the tourist sites.The conceirge James was a STAR nothing was too much trouble and he even found packaging to wrap my son's baseball bat in ready for travel! The restaurant Insieme is a real gem.The food is superb and James will book you in and as a surprise even sent a complimentary glasses of champagne to our table.The room was massive and the bath tub was fit for 2!! we can't recommend it enough so when in NYC think Michelangelo.You won't be disappointed.	
Jul 21 2008	Great Experience at the Michelangelo	We spent three nights at the Michelangelo Hotel in NYC. Nicely appointed lobby and friendly front desk staff. Our room was lovely, with a Bose CD system, very comfortable bed, and a good sized bathroom with a large tub. It was certainly very spacious by New York standards and VERY quiet (OK, our room did face a brick wall but I guess that was the trade-off). Staff were very helpful and self-parking was only $ 23 per day and located right next to the hotel. A great experience!	
Jul 13 2008 	Great base to explore Midtown	I spent 5 nights at the Michelangelo in June with my boyfriend celebrating my 30th birthday . We found the hotel to be very high quality in most respects although a few areas were starting to date or show signs of wear and tear, there were also a few refurbishments going on as we often bumped into guys in overalls in the hotel corridors. Our room (a Junior Suite) was quite large with a king size bed. My boyfriend was very impressed by the Bose music system and a TV in the bathroom. I was disappointed by the toiletries as the hotel no longer seems to use Bvlgari. The hotel had a turndown service although it tended to happen a little early, usually before 6pm when we were in the room getting ready to go out for the evening. The turn down service consisted of chocolates on the bed and a note with the next days weather forecast - very useful as visitors to New York during what turned out to be a heatwave. We did not dine at the hotel, however we did try the complimentary breakfast in the lobby a couple of mornings - a selection of coffees and small pastries which was a nice touch. The reception and concierge staff were polite and helpful. There was not a safe in the room so we had to use one at front desk which was a bit of a pain signing our valuables in and out each day. The hotel is in a great location on 51st Street between 6th and 7th. It was just a few minutes walk from Times Square, Broadway and the Rockefeller Centre (which has better views from the top than the Empire State Building), plus Central Park is just a few blocks north. Overall we found the Michelangelo to be a great base for our trip to New York and we would return, however it was not cheap.	
Jul 13 2008 	Excellent hotel/service/location - Perfect for our Anniversary	My wife and I just returned from a two night stay here - We were very impressed by everything at the hotel. The location is ideal to walk about mid-town. The hotel service was perfect. We arrived early (around 1PM) and went to check in.. They did not have one of the rooms we had booked yet clean - they offered to show us a room with two double beds which was somewhat larger tthan what we had booked which they said we could take if we wanted. The room was very nice and good size but since I am over 6 feet tall I thought the bed would be too short. They did show us a two room suite which they said was avaiable which they offered to us at $5o more a nite but it had no windows so we passed. My wife did tell them when we were checking in that it was our inniversary. We said we would just have a glass of wine in the bar while a room was found for us. About 20 minutes later the hotel person came over and whispered to us that he had upgraded to the 800+ sq ft two room suite with two full baths. We went in and it was enormous and very attracively furnished. Two full bats - tv's in both bathrooms....the living room was well furnished with a flat screen tv and the bedrrom was also large. We were very happy with our stay and the morning croissants and coffee were excellent and despite reading about how they were always running out of food - they always kept it full and the service was always pleasant. The elevators were very quick and you rarely had to wait more than 15 seconds before the doors opened. The parking was great - $40 a day valet - which for NY is a great price.We would recommend this hotel to everyone	
Jul 8 2008 	Great Hotel	Great hotel, even better service! I've been to NY a few times now and this is by far the best hotel. There are lots of other hotels that are just as well located but the staff from the moment we arrived to the moment we left were all superb. At many other places I tip the staff just because I feel I have to, at this hotel I tipped everyone very well because they all deserved it! I have found my hotel that I will be staying at from now on for all future visits to NYC!	
Jul 8 2008 	Hard to beat The Michaelangelo	My wife and I stayed at The Michaelangelo as part of our 5th wedding anniversary getaway in New York City. And honestly, I'm not sure we could have picked a better place to stay for this very special celebration.The service was impeccable from start to finish. And as a bonus, upon learning that we were in the city for our anniversary, the manager provided us (unasked, mind you) with a complimentary upgrade to a suite for the weekend. Our room was very comfortable, surprisingly quiet (given that the hotel is just off of Times Square), and -- especially for New York City -- quite spacious. (Yes, the suite part helped, but still quite roomy even in this context.) Plus the whole hotel just exuded a feeling of Old World romance that's getting harder to find these days.In addition to all of the quality aspects, it's also a perfect home base for taking in the city. Again, right off of Times Square (out the door, around the corner, and you're there!), half a block from five-star dining at Le Bernardin (if that's your sort of thing), and just a couple of blocks from Rockefeller Center and its adjoining subway stop.Especially for a romantic stay, I'd say look no further than The Michaelangelo.	
Jun 30 2008 	Excellent Hotel	My partner and I have stayed at this hotel for four years in a row now for our annual Broadway trip. We stayed four four night in late June 2008.As per the previous years, the hotel is a gem in the heart of the Theater District. The staff are always pleasant and helpful - everyone from the front desk staff to housekeeping.The hotel is spotlessly clean and housekeeping is very efficient (they even fill the ice buckets with ice at turn-down each evening). I heartily recommend this hotel if ever needing to stay in mid-town Manhattan (51st and 7th Avenue) area.	
Jun 28 2008	Perfect in every way	We have stayed in many hotels in NYC, and The Michelangelo has to be my favorite. The location is perfect.It is an easy walk to Broadway theatres, Central Park, Fifth Avenue, Museum of Modern Art. Our room was beautiful, large, and elegant. Check-in was simple, and the service from everyone in the hotel was great. There was a complimentary small breakfast of coffee, tea, croissants, biscotti, and fresh fruit. Our king size bed was very comfortable. We booked a very good price through Expedia.	
Jun 19 2008 	Yummy! Pink couch. Loved it all!	Based on this website, I opted for the Michelangelo. I booked the hotel through Quikbook and it was $295 for Friday nite and $340 for Saturday nite. On their website and on all the other sites I visited, the rate for both nights was $395. When my husband and I arrived at 11 AM, we didn't think we would get to check in, but they had a Queen room ready - not a King. We said that was fine. She then told us it was an upgrade, and I (suspicious) said How much? She said it isn't anymore, I just wanted you to know. We walked in room 501. Oh my gosh. It was a suite! Gorgeous! It looked like it had just been redecorated. It had a gorgeous pink couch and matching chair in the living room with beautiful silk draperies, a large oak bar (no frig or anything), and the bedroom complimented the living room. The bathroom was nice too, and the carpet looked new. It was a HUGE room. We did not hear any noise. We loved the front desk personnel, the concierge, the bar folks, and the bellmen. Everyone we encountered that worked at this hotel was great. The concierge recommended a great spot for Brunch - I would think it would be great for any meal. It is called Park Avenue Summer. The last word changes with the season. IE: Part Avenue Winter, and so on and so forth. It is so hip. They close the restaurant for 2 days before each season and redecorate the entire restaurant from the ceiling down. The brunch was spectacular and the atmosphere was unparalleled. My husband had the filet and it was divine. Also, we saw a star - Patrick Stuart (you know - the new Star Trek - I think that is his name.) Anyway, he walked in with his honey for Brunch. Cool. Another great spot in the meat packing district is Spice Market. This one is Thai. We were overwhelmed with the menu, so we told the waitress what we liked and had her bring it to us. It worked out well. Over all, on our first trip to New York, we loved it. We will stay at the hotel again. Fabulous time!	
Jun 17 2008 	best hotel in NYC	Loved this hotel. The location can't be beat. We like to stay in midtown area and this hotel has the largest rooms by far. Huge bathroom and tub and well lit (a rarity for hotel rooms it seems). Smaller hotel so you get better personal service than the other chains in the area. Staff were very friendly and accomodating. Parking is available at a reduced rate for hotel guests in nearby garage. Highly recommend. Book early for the best rates. Ask for upgrade when checking in.	
Jun 16 2008 	Loved the Michelangelo	We loved the hotel. It is very well maintained. We stayed on a quiet Sunday and were upgraded to a lovely Suite. The location is terrific. The desk staff were very nice and helpful. I can agree with some other reviewers about the bellmen and doormen. The coffee set-up in the morning is nice. We had a drink in the lobby bar, and the service was very nice. We cannot wait to return.	
Jun 7 2008 	OK hotel	We booked directly with the hotel for our honeymoon and stayed 6 nights. On arrival we were upgraded to a one bedroom suite.Overall we thought the staff were very helpful with the exception of the door staff who were very aloof. The hotel is in a very good position although be aware that you will hear noise at night because of this central position. The room itself left a lot to be desired with dirty frayed cream carpets and bedspread along with some of the cabinets well past ther sell by date. The breakfast they offer is basic coffee and pastries but fine for a light start to the day.I'm not sure why the hotel gets so many rave reviews on here because although it's fine in many regards it's certainly not on the same level as many other hotels we have stayed in around the world, maybe the standard in New York is so poor that even average stands out I don;t know.For any Brits reading this we had a celebraty staying at the hotel while we were there. I will give you a clue.&quot;Nice to see you , to see you nice&quot;&quot;Good game, Good game&quot;Seemed a nice guy.	
Jun 4 2008 	We found our new "favorite NYC Hotel!"	We liked everything about this hotel. The location is ideal between the Theatre District, Central Park, and Fifth Avenue shopping. The ambience in the lobby is peaceful, which was especially nice after the hustle on the streets. The rooms are very spacious with a small sitting area, including chairs and an ottoman. I loved the complimentary shoe shining service and wish I had packed others to have done! The morning coffee selection and croissants are a nice touch. Our need for &quot;service&quot; was limited so difficult to gauge, but I did overhear several employees refer to guests by name and ask if they were returning next week, etc., so they know their regular visitors. The evening lobby bar is nice. The bartender we had was a bit rough (I don't appreciate one exclaiming &quot;J. C.&quot; when something doesn't go right. I could hear him and we weren't even sitting at the bar.) My wife did find the lobby bar a bit drafty due to the air conditioning, but it probably beats the alternative. It was nice staying in a smaller and well-furnished classic hotel. We will be back!	
Jun 4 2008 	Liked the Michelangelo but expected more.	We stayed five (5) nights at the Michelangelo Hotel and, in general, it was a very nice stay. The hotel is fabulously situated Midtown at the 51st Street and 7th Avenue, with a lovely lobby, nice rooms, pretty good service, great bar and bartenders. One thing that threw me off about the hotel is that the rooms shown on its website are all mini suites, so it was disappointing to be led into a room with a window overlooking a brick wall. We thought all rooms would be as beautiful, light and bright as the ones on the website, but alas....We asked for a different room and got a room with a window onto the 50th Street. Much better but still nowhere near what is depicted on the website. Our room was of a decent size, nicely decorated in reds and browns with cherry furniture and a pretty modern marble bathroom.  The very nice assistant manager told me that they had better rooms available, which we could have at an additional cost. Having already paid plenty, we elected not to upgrade. So, unlike so many other Tripadvisor members, the assistant manager did not offer to upgrade us without an addiitonal cost, despite the fact that there were rooms available. A little odd but o.k. We got over it and had a great time.The Michelangelo serves a modified Continental Breakfast each morning, which includes coffee, tea, hot chocolate, croissants and delicious biscotti. Juice is not included, but can be had for an addiitonal cost. The thing is, one better be there early, since once the croissants are gone, they are gone. Not refillable. In their defense, some people were taking three-four-a plateful of croissants at a time, so it may have been hard to keep up with the seemingly hungry crowd. Still, they should have known and should have had more available for the later arriving guests.On a positive note, bartender Bernie made the best Side Cars and we had great time hanging out with him before--and sometimes after--dinner.Here are a few restaurant recommends:We loved Rue 57 for breakfast. http://www.rue57.com/#Home The eggs, lox and onions scramble was full of lox and banana pancakes were divine.Carnegie Deli was merely o.k. but Zebar's at 80th and Broadway was fabulous! Not to be missed under any circumstances.Roberto Passon http://www.robertopasson.com/media/robertopasson.html. Very good food, terrific prices (most dinners under $20), appetizers large enough to share ($10-$14 range). Note that specials are considerably more, so ask about the prices ahead of time. The restaurant itself is a very modern looking trattoria/osteria. No white tablecloths - no high prices either. New York itself was faultless.	
Jun 3 2008	Masterpiece the Michelangelo is NOT	Dirty, older hotel. We stayed at the Sofitel on this trip and it blew the Michelangelo away. The Michelangelo was tacky and run down. The staff was rude. The bellman complained that our bags were too heavy and asked us to take some of our own bags. Another bellman was rude and condescending. Only when it was time for a tip did he bother to even make an effort which was pathetic. The tub was dirty. The carpet was stained. Not worth it!	
Jun 2 2008 	Splendid serene environment	We just returned home from our two night stay over the Memorial Day weekend. I made my reservation months in advance and received a very good rate. We arrived early (around 1pm) for check-in, so I did not mind sacrificing our reserved King for a Queen-sized bed in order to get into our room immediately. The hotel is located in an optimal location within walking distance to Broadway, Times Square, Central Park, Rockefeller Center, Bryant Park, upscale shopping, etc. As an added bonus, the subway stop that we needed for a trip to Yankee Stadium was a very short walk away. The streets around the hotel are quite busy and congested, but that being said, once you leave the noisy streets and walk into the lobby, you are transported to a lovely, serene European atmosphere. Even though we were not in one of the more expensive accommodations, and our room faced other rooms, as everyone has stated before me, our 7th floor room was quite large for NYC and very nicely furnished. During our stay, perhaps we could have had more pillows and we had to request an ironing board. In addition, an HD flat panel TV would have been a nice touch since this is an upscale property. But these are very minor issues because the free coffee, biscotti and croissants in the morning are so nice and more importantly, all of the staff that we encountered was friendly, professional and attentive and the housekeeping was on top of every detail. If you are looking for a romantic getaway, away from the crowds of a large chain hotel, stay at the wonderful Michelangelo.	
Jun 1 2008 	Serene serene .....at the Michelangelo	Beautiful hotel, excellent staff. We received a nice upgrade to a spacious junior suite when we arrived. Very nice sized room.Helpful doormen, excellent location. Truly a gem. Would stay there again.	
May 30 2008 	Perfect Hotel in NYC!	I have stayed at a few 4* hotels in New York (Omni, Westin, W New York, Millennium Hilton) and the Michelangelo was by far was the best.We checked in around noon on a Friday and were promptly given keys to an upgraded room (sign up for the www.IPrefer.com plan before you check in and supply them with your membership number to get an upgrade.) The room was perfect - an executive king. The only complaint was that the window had no view save for a brick wall and consequently no sun light.The staff was great. I have never met a more friendly group of housekeeping staff before. Everyone was outgoing and courteous.The bed was a delight! Rarely do we stay in a hotel where both of us find the bed comfortable.The location is the best that I have had in NYC too. Very central to at least 3 separate subway stops.If you get a chance, stay here. If you're driving, save yourself $13/night by parking your car yourself. The parking garage entrance is right before the hotel on 51st Street. My only complaint: there is no availability at the Michelangelo for Labor Day when I am in NYC next!	
May 29 2008 	Bad Staff!	I stayed 5 nights at The Michelangelo Hotel and the Staff was very very unkidly.	
May 27 2008 	Best in NYC!	I have been staying at the Michelangelo since about 2000 and it just seems to get better everytime. We probably stay there on average every 2 months or so. To me it is my home while I am in NYC. From the second you walk into the hotel you instantly feel a sence of calmness and relaxation after being out in the hustle and bustle of the city. The rooms are so spacious, clean, and comfortable, which are hard things to find in the city. The price is always reasonable for a NYC hotel, and I always find it to be the same or less than the others, and MUCH better overall. I have stayed in other places in NY before and will never stay anywhere else but the Michelangelo again. The rooms and suites are all beautiful, and all different. I have never had any room that looks the same as the last one I have stayed in, which is nice, each room has its own style and look, all gorgoues of course! I can't say enough great things about it, from the staff, to the room, and location! Great. Don't forget to say Hi to Henry the doorman, we have become friends with him and he is a longtime employee, and a great help, as they all are at the Michelangelo. Definetly at least consider this hotel on your next trip to New York. It is pretty hard to be disappointed here!	
May 25 2008 	Keeping Up The Standards	It was 2 years since we last stayed at The Michelangelo and we are pleased to confirm that it is still a very comfortable and spacious place to stay.....a veritable 'oasis' of quietness and good service in the very heart of the theatre district, close by many attractions and only a short stroll to Central Park.We enjoyed a suite which had been recently refurbished and which afforded extremely commodious accomodation.We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at The Michelangelo and send our thanks to all those who contributed to making this a memorable stay.	
May 25 2008 	great hotel	just home, after a short stay in NY. This hotel was great. Nice doormen- ( especially henry), and friendly helpful concierge. Clean, rooms, very quiet, good free breakfast, great location. I cannot recommend this hotel enough, we got adjacent rooms +upgrade....	
May 17 2008 	Had to return to this hotel!	I stayed at the Michelangelo last October with my mum and sister and I simply fell in love with the hotel. Its so elegant, so european style and last February I flew to NY to celebrate Valentine's day with a friend and he simply loved this hotel! It's a bit pricey but it's worth every penny. We stayed in a Junior suite, excellent choice of Bulgari toilettries, the manager sent again a box of Godiva chocolates. My friend was simply impressed with the hotel. He usually stays in Manhattan (travels there for business twice a year from Lima Peru) at the Park 79 but will now stay at The Michelangelo. The coffee and biscotti every morning added a special touch. The concierge was fabuolous, he booked us some broadway shows and even a limo for Valentine's day! Perfect hotel for a perfect trip.	
May 7 2008	Loved the Michelangelo Hotel	Took daughter to NY for 18th birthday. Have lived and stayed in NY before - last visit 2000 - much cleaner and safer. Hotel better than expectations or advice. Comfortable rooms and service excellent. Had 2 rooms and hotel managed to get rooms next to each other (+ upgrade) - which was a nice touch. Air conditioning units a little offputting during the night but accustomed to that after 2 nights. Nice touch the complimentary coffee and croissants if on a budget. Hotel located very conveniently for most local restaurants and shopping and Central Park. Bloomingdales very convenient - 10 minute walk. TIP- have the frozen youghat in Forty Carrots restaurant even as a take away- delicious. PS - take ID (eg passport) and get 11% off Bloomingdales shopping- does help - even if clothes are 1/2 the price.  recommend seeing a show - Broadway very close by - prices like West End - although the SeaPort and Times Square does sell on the day cheaper tickets - not sure of quality of seat. Bodieworks exhibition very good in the Seaport and first time visitors should use Cruise Line (3 hours on a boat) to get accustomed to Manhattan island.  Recommend Legally Blond - very entertaining as a show - and for food Smith &amp; Wollensky's superb. Beware large portions.  Thoroughly enjoyed the stay at the hotel and would definitely return.	
May 5 2008 	So delightful!	After hearing about this hotel from friends and seeing the positive reviews online, I was not disappointed. This is an elegant hotel in a perfect location. The premises are elegant and impeccably maintained. Our room was luxurious and comfortable. Housekeeping was immaculate. The staff was professional and friendly. Enjoyed the convenience of the complementary coffee bar(several varieties, as well as cappuccino and tea) with fresh croissants, biscotti and apples available each morning in the lobby.	
May 1 2008	Amazing Hotel	My wife and i just stayed for five nights at the Michaelangelo at the end of our honeymoon and i have to say that i loved it . The room was a great size , it was clean and everything seemed to be brand new . the location is incredible , just a three minute slow walk to Times Square , even closer to 5th Avenue and right on top of Broadway . Even Central Park was just a 5 minute walk . For location you could not ask for more . If anyone is looking for a hotel room in New York then this really is a great place to be . Top quality .. We really loved it and if i ever go back to New York again for sure this is the place i shall stay . THANK YOU MICHAELANGELO for being such a nice hotel .	
Apr 29 2008 	Wonderful Stay!	Spent one night at the Michelangelo. Excellent Service from the entire staff.Booked a standard room and received a complimentary upgrade to a Grand one bedroom suite.We've stayed in several hotels in NYC but this by far was the best experience ever. Location is convenient and within walking distance to theater district, Central Park, Times Square, etc.Elegant, Classy accommodations which will satisfy the pickiest guest.	
Apr 25 2008	Excellent and Under-rated	Stayed at the Michelangelo for a one day business trip in April. The hotel is absolutely beautiful with an elegant, spacious lobby. The room was very large, esp. by NYC standards and incredibly well maintained -- very clean, even with beige carpeting. The bathroom was on the small side but appeared to be very new. The check-out is a bit later than at most places, and the hotel staff was very helpful with holding luggage, getting taxis etc.This hotel is nicer than a lot of other similarly rated NYC hotels. Unlike many hotels, it's very well maintained/renovated and the renovations aren't just &quot;cover-ups&quot; of the problem areas.	
Apr 21 2008 	Wonderful Hotel	My wife and I stayed at the Michelangelo for our first visit to New York. We loved the hotel and the city. The service was excellent, the room was spacious and quiet, and the hotel is centrally located. On Saturday night when we came back to the hotel, the air conditioning had gone out. Within 10 minutes of my call, hotel service arrived and within 20 minutes had completely replaced the air conditioning unit. I cannot think of any other place I would stay for my next visit.	
Apr 18 2008 	Huge Rooms for NYC	Although this is a boutique hotel, it was a great location and the rooms were very large for NYC. The amenities and decor are really second to none and they are updated unlike other similar hotels in NYC. The only possible downside was the staff was not the calibre you would expect at a $500 a night hotel, but overall, you cant go wrong.	
Apr 11 2008 	An Excellent Hotel in Every Way !!!!	Like many people I reviewed many hotels for New York and running with reviews from trip advisor I chose The Michelangelo.. I have to say that I have travelled a fair bit and this is a fantastic hotel !! On arrival it felt that they had been waiting just for us ! They upgraded us to a huge room which was great. The room itself was massive, bigger than most hotel rooms in europe ( I was concern re: New York room size). The mini bar was fully stacked and not expensive. There is tv in room and bathroom, the bed was so comfortable. Maid service is twice a day which is great and the location could not be better. You are a stones throw away from Radio City, Rockafella,Times Square etc.. The staff are very helpful. The coffee and croissants is second to none. (WHICH IS FOC IN THE MORNING) I will be going back and I will be staying here for DEF..	
Apr 9 2008 	Location Comfort Elegance!	My husband &amp; I arrived April 2, 2008 for 4 nights to celebrate our 21st anniversary. We had booked a standard room but were upgraded to a studio on the 7th floor upon our arrival. The room was LARGE and very comfortable. There was a walk-in closet and vanity shelf and mirror in addition to the large bathroom with awesome bathtub, bidet, large towels, and toiletries. There were 2 comfy chairs with ottomans which we used many times after coming in for a break to put our feet up. Everyone we spoke to on the staff was very kind and accomodating. They had a free limo to the financial district M-F from 7 a.m. to 9:30 a.m. Breakfast (free) was a large selection of coffees &amp; teas and croissants, biscotti, apples, and muffins-perfect for a quick bite before we hit the streets. We did not eat in their restaurant. The location was awesome! We were able to walk to Times Square, Broadway, Central Park, Rockefeller Plaza, and 5th Avenue Shopping. There was a subway stop 1 block away that we used to go to Battery Park. We took the Airtrain and Subway from JFK and got off the E train 3 blocks north of the Michelangelo (much cheaper than a taxi and very convenient). We paid an average of $320 per night- check different booking websites to get the best rates. If you are sensitive to noise, ask for a room that is not on the street side; our room was on 7th Avenue and we heard honking, sirens, and people all night...we didn't mind since that is part of the ambiance of NYC. We would definitely stay there again.	
Apr 5 2008 	Best choice in the immediate area especially for the price	I attended a conference in Midtown and could not bear the thought of the Hilton or Sheraton mega-hotels, so I opted for this property. I carefully researched its room rates, types, and amenities before choosing a junior suite. I was pleasantly surprised by the upgrade to a one-bedroom suite at check in.The corner room overlooked 50th Street, which made little difference to me. Typical New York noise at all hours which was not all that annoying. The entry to the room is a lovely marble foyer, brightly lit, and this leads into the living room. It looked good but the couch was uncomfortable and there was very minimal light. The bedroom was a good size, as was the bathroom. I was not too impressed with the 'fine luxury linens' but the bed was comfortable. I feel the room could have been a little cleaner - icky smudges on the front of the TV and some hair in the bathroom. I was worried about the thin blanket layer, but the a/c never cooled the room down so I was not overly warm. Nice soaking tub and nice amenities. Imagine my surprise when shortly after check-in a housekeeper appeared with some Bulgari amenities and a small box of Godiva chocolates!I ordered room service which was supposedly prepared by the hot on site restaurant Insieme - a salad, risotto, and a berry platter. The salad and risotto were unimpressive but the berries were delicious. A bit shocked at the total bill, but being New York, it's what I expected. I would have preferred to eat in the restaurant but there were no openings until too late in the evening.The next morning I went down to the lounge for the complimentary coffee and croissant spread. The decaf coffee was weak and lukewarm, but the cappuccino was excellent. I then went back to Insieme for breakfast, which was delicious and a good value for the quality of food presented. It is a beautiful space.All in all I feel that I got about what I expected for what I paid. There are nicer and way more expensive hotels a few blocks away, but I was right next to where I needed to be on 7th Ave. Would I stay there again? Well, I have no plans to return to New York any time in the next decade, and I would probably try another property. But the small size, beautiful public areas, and attentive staff, not to mention the awesome location, are good enough reasons to give the hotel a try.	
Mar 29 2008 	Completely underrated!	This was the best hotel I have stayed in in New York and I've stayed in many. It was huge! It's far beyond 4 stars with the sunken tub, vanity area, living room area and they had the room set up the way requested upon arrival. The coffee/latte bar in the mornings was a nice touch. The decor was wonderful. I say it's worthy of 5 stars.	
Mar 24 2008 	Excellent comfortable midtown hotel	I travel to New York for work fairly often, and this was one of the best hotels I've stayed at in NYC. It's at 51st and 7th Avenue -- walking distance to Times Square, but just far enough away that you don't feel like you are part of the extremely touristy area. It's also within walking distance of Central Park, Penn Station, and many other things.The hotel itself is extremely nice. It has a calm and well-appointed lobby. The staff was very courteous and helpful. The check in experience went liike lightening -- it was as if they were waiting for me to walk in. The room was very comfortable. This is not a trendy/boutique hotel, but rather a comfortable, traditional style hotel. I have frequently stayed at the Palace, and I would rate this hotel as comparable to that one, except that the gym is not as well equipped. (The Michelangelo's gym was fine, but just a few cardio machines and some free weights).Hotel rates in NYC have been insane lately, and if you get a good deal on this hotel, I'd snap it up.	
Mar 12 2008	Great room in a great location	Found a great rate on the internet and called the hotel directly and they honored it. When I checked in the upgraded me to a JR. suite, which was totally unexpected. The room was large, comfy, clean and quiet. The lobby was elegant and had live music in the evening. There was free coffee, cappucino and croissants in the am. The location on 51 and 7th was terrific. Only fly in the ointment was the lousy, overpriced, very slow served breakfast in the hotel restaurant--avoid it. In general a great place to spend a stay in NYC	
Mar 4 2008 	Good place	I'm never quite sure about trying a new hotel in the NYC area, but I must say, this was a very pleasant surprise.Nice staff. Great location. Roomy rooms that were clean. You don't always get that in New York no matter what you pay, but in this case, I got it all ... and it didn't break the bank. I'd definitely return.	
Feb 24 2008 	It doesnt get much better than this when it comes to luxury and value for money	I have to agree with all the good things that have already been written about this hotel. The rooms are comfortable, well maintained and have some of the largest bath tubs in NY ( a big plus for a bath lover like myself) . The location is spot on - slap bang between the theatres of Broadway and the shopping of Fifth Avenue. But the best thing is that it is not overpriced like so many of the other five star hotels in NY. The only minus points are that there is no wireless internet and due to the thick carpets, you get an electric shock whenever you touch metal, but these are small things in comparison to some of the five star hotels i have stayed in.Overall this is excellent value for money and for that reason i will be sure to return.	
Feb 21 2008 	I recommend this hotel to all my friends visiting NYC	Great two room suite, luxurious decor, CD player in room, tv in the bathroom (and bidet of course), great service, absolutely the best complimentary breakfast pastry and espresso bar I've seen. gorgeous lobby, great location (we could watch the flea marketing folks up and down 7th avenue from our window, see the southern end of Central park, etc).We'll be back here for sure!	
Feb 15 2008 	A new home in New York	Just spent the weekend in New York City, seeing the Little Mermaid. This was our first time staying at the Michaelangelo after a friend recommended. It was an absolute gem. One problem we have experienced at hotels in and around the Theater District is that they seem to get a bit tired and run-down. Not the case here. The rooms, common areas, and hallways were in excellent, exquisite shape. The staff was extremely helpful and professional the entire weekend. My ONLY complaint was what makes the hotel so appealing - the location. It is LITERALLY right in the middle of the action, so if you're looking for a peaceful, out-of-the-way this may not be the place for you. On the other hand, I wouldn't let that be a reason to keep you away from here! It's well worth the reasonable price (especially when factoring in the large size of the rooms and the fantastic tubs in the bathroom!).	
Feb 14 2008 	Best in Show!	My husband and I stayed at The Michelangelo for 4 nights. We came to NYC for the Westminster Dog Show. The hotel was about a mile from Madison Square Garden, a short cab ride averaging about $7 one way. The bellman will hail a cab for you in front of the hotel...very easy. We didn't eat at the hotel but did try Ruth's Chris just a few steps down the street and it was very good.The hotel is clean, very quiet, and comfortable. The location is wonderful. Too cold to walk in February for us, but will definitely come back in the summer and do out sightseeing by foot.We didn't partake of the morning coffee that everyone seems to be complaining about. Honestly I don't understand that since there's a Starbucks virtually every few feet you walk on the block. Every hotel employee we communicated with was very professional and helpful. I think this is the place for us when we visit NYC!	
Feb 13 2008 	great place to stay	We stayed at the Michelangelo for a long weekend. It was an excellent choice. It is near theatres, restaurants, Rockefeller Center, and shopping.  We had a upgraded corner room which was very large and included a make-up counter and a walk in closet. The bath towels were the size of beach towels. There was a magnifying mirror that you could pull out. The curtains blacked out the lights from outside. No problem with street noise. The staff was very friendly and helpful. One day we asked for different pillows, and another day we asked for a hair dryer. Both times the item was brought to the room in 10 minutes. The doormen were particularly nice, always talking with us as we went in or out. One day it was raining, and we asked the doorman for a place to buy an unbrella. He lent us a Michelangelo unbrella which we returned the next day.  An interesting place to eat is Ellen's Starlight Diner on 51st and Broadway. The waiters and waitresses are aspiring Broadway cast members and they sing rock and roll and show tunes while you eat. A fun place for one of our lunches.	
Feb 6 2008 	Super Hotel - Excellent location	Just a &quot;long Weekend&quot; break in New York - but how pleased we were to have chosen The Michelangelo....Upgraded room was excellent, plenty of space (including our own bar!!)Staff could not have been more helpful and depite it being in the centre of everything - we found it very quiet.I note a previous writers experience with the Computer/ Camera shop on the opposite corner!We were well and truly ripped off by the charlatans - overcharging us by some $500!Dont know how they mange to keep getting away with it!! Love the Michelangelo just dont buy anything from their neighbours.......	
Feb 5 2008 	Lovely and very civilised	Four of us ( two couples ) stayed for three nights . All got upgraded, very nice rooms, very clean. Helpful staff. Breakfast is really just a coffee before you venture out. Would definitely stay again.But DONT ( and this is not to do with the hotel) enter the camera/computer store on the oposite corner on 51st and 7th. They are called 51st Computers and Electronics. Dont believe me, just Google their address (no website) and you will read customer reviews that one of our party wish they had before being completely and cynically ripped off.JJ	
Feb 5 2008 	Loved it!	I just returned from NYC and stayed at the Michelangelo. I loved it! Wonderful location. Very cozy, the staff is helpful and the resturant next door is very convenient. Please note the food is excellent but the service isn't what you receive at the Hotel.	
Feb 4 2008 	Elegant calm hotel	This elegant hotel provided a calm oasis only a few blocks from times Square. the room was spacious, comfortable and well-appointed. the hotel offered complimentary croissants, coffee and espresso in the morning, served in the lobby. the clientele seemed to be a mix of Americans and foreign visitors, and tended toward couples rather than families; we did see a few families with teenage children there. All in all we liked the hotel very well and will stay there again	
Jan 30 2008 	Superb hotel	A top quality hotel, worth every penny. Large deluxe room, very comfortable bed, excellent power-shower &amp; lots of nice little touches, i.e. fold-down service each night, a couple of chocolates &amp; the next day's weather forecast left on the bedside cabinet. Free pastries / coffee sets you up for the morning, although orange juice is an extra.Concierge James Jolis knows everything you'll need to &amp; can organise reservations at the drop of a hat.All in all, a great place to stay.	
Jan 27 2008	Absolutely Lovely!	Just returned from a one night stay at the Michelangelo. Top notch service, beautifully done interior, comfortable beds and great location. We will defintely return!	
Jan 21 2008	Great getaway!	This was our second time visiting the Michelangelo hotel. It was just as great the second time around. Great rooms, excellent service, comfortable accomodations. My husband and I stayed here as a part of Broadway.com's package. It was a birthday present for my husband. We had a great time. Again, we loved the bartender staff, particularly Bernie and also Jimmy.	
Jan 19 2008 	We'll be back!	We stayed at the Michelangelo for 3 nights prior to leaving on a cruise out of New York. This was our fifth or so trip to New York (we are NY junkies!) but our first time at this hotel. I was slightly worried that it may be a little too 'uppity' for our liking, given the descriptions, reviews, etc., but it turns out it was completely unwarranted. We love this hotel! The location is one of the best we've had yet. It is in times square area, but not right in the middle where all the action and noise are. But 1-2 block walk puts you right there. Its also close to other great sights, Rockefeller Center, the Met, and great for going to any of the theaters. Also, there are plenty of good deli's and small cafe's and a few restaurants within a block, if you are looking for a quick bite to eat. Can't say anything about the restaurant in the hotel as we did not try it. But I think its on the pricey side, but I would bet the food is great. The hotel itself is wonderful, beautiful decor, very clean and very quiet and unobtrusive. The rooms are larger and beds are sooo comfy! The bathroom is also very nice with a very large jacuzzi style deep tub and shower combination. It was a bit of a walk through the maze of hallways, to find our room, but well worth the trek. We felt very welcome and comfortable from the time we arrived (which was close to midnight.) The staff handled our check in quickly, the room was as promised and the bellman was very friendly too. We only used the concierge once, as we were leaving for directions to the NY cruise terminal and he was very helpful, giving us a map with directions and giving us a heads up to make sure our cab driver went the quickest way. We were grateful for that as we have not yet ventured outside the city and would not have had a clue about which was the quickest route. As mentioned before, we are NY junkies, and given the location, service, and comfort of this hotel, this will be the first place we look to stay in our future trips to the Big Apple. While its not the most economical, the rate was about $100 less per night than any other of the Times Square hotels (i.e. the Westin, Marriott Marquis, etc.) but just as nice, if not nicer. Having stayed at the Westin, the Park Central( hated it!) and the Waldorf, (terrible location) we would choose this hotel over again in a New York minute! So if you don't mind paying a bit more for your room to get the quality, this is the place to be!	
Jan 15 2008 	Location Can't be Beat	We enjoyed the Michelangelo. Its best feature was its perfect location. In addition, it was a very well maintained luxurious property. The rooms were large and very comfortable. Great beds and quiet and dark at night. The attention to detail throughout the hotel impressed us. We got our room for an incredibly low price, which I understand is not always the case at this hotel.The staff at the hotel were helpful, but at times a little snooty (I am not one to say this very often). Although I think this might be part of the hotel's image, it is never necessary.	
Jan 13 2008	Stay away from the restaurant - Insieme	The restaurant was wildly overpriced for horrible food and service	
Jan 12 2008 	Well done property	This is a nice property, with wonderfully large rooms, especially for New York. The bed was comfortable and the staff was very accommodating. The breakfast was simple (coffee and pastry), but tasty. It was good for my business purposes and near to everything that midtown New York has to offer.	
Jan 7 2008 	Loved it!	Stayed here for 3 nights with family. Hotel had no problem honoring our request for adjoining rooms. The Hotel is beautiful and in a perfect mid -town location. Rooms were spotless and beautifully furnished. Loved the late checkout, NY Times delivered to room and nice toiletries in bathroom. Wished they had wi -fi or else free internet in room. Only free internet was near front desk and there was always a wait. Concierge was very accomodating, (thanks James). Very, very nice hotel and look forward to returning.	
Jan 4 2008 	Absolutely fantastic will definitely go back!	We stayed at the Michelangelo for 5 nights to celebrate New Years Eve. The hotel was perfectly located for all the major tourist attractions - a stones throw from 5th Ave and Times Square. Our room was overlooking 7th Avenue so could see all the hustle and bustle of New Years Eve. The room was very spacious and finished to a high quality - I could not fault it at all. Our stay was everything that i'd hoped it would be - a perfect hotel for everyone. I would not hesitate in recommending this to anyone, you will not be disappointed!!	
Jan 2 2008 	New Years Weekend	We just returned from a three night stay at the Michelangelo Hotel in NYC.I chose this hotel by default because my first choice of hotels were way to expensive.My husband prefers a suite and the Michelangelo had the best rate for a one bedroom suite.It seems that the hotel prices are out of control in NYC so for $695 per night I found a bargain.In actuality this hotel was just perfect.The feel is European with a comfortable lobby and bar.The room was beautiful and very clean,TheBathroom was nice with Bvlguri(spelling)toiletries and a large soaking tub. We stayed on the third floor and did not hear anything due to double windows(free shoeshine also). The service was far better than The Waldorf Towers or The Pierre.Check in was prompt and prof.On our second night we had a basket of Godiva chocalates delivered which I thought was a nice touch.Since we live right out of NYC we chose to sleep late and see a few shows.On Friday night we had dinner at The Rainbow Room-Great atmosphere although the food was just ok.It was fun to get dressed up and pretend we know how to dance.For a more casual experience the Rainbow Grill may be a good choice.Saturday - We saw Spring Awakening and loved it . If you are going with children I think it is best for kids over 17.To me there was nothing offensive in the play but it is sexually explicit.For Dinner we went to the Caryle Cafe to here Steve Tyrell.While I enjoyed the show the food was just ok and it was a very expensive evening.Sunday- Had Lunch at Blu-Fin located in the W hotel.Have to say I really enjoyed my lunch there.Each entre comes with coffee and a drink of your choice.After lunch we saw August;Osage County and it was one of the best plays I have ever seen.If you like dramas try not to miss it.The acting was amazing.For Dinner we went to Asiate in the Mandarin Hotel at the Time Warner Center-The food was delicious and the view from the restaurant is spectacular.Atmosphere is trendy and Formal. AS a New Yorker we were Happy to leave NYC on Monday,(New years Eve) we slept late as the hotel has a 1PM check out and arrived home 40 minutes later.Hope this report helps and thanks to all who helped plan this trip.Happy New Year Everyone	
Jan 1 2008 	Would totally stay here again!	Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful. Alas, we only stayed one night but it was great. To get to Times Square you make a left outside of the hotel and then at the corner another left, and it's ahead about 6 blocks. Great location. The staff was gracious and everything looked gorgeous because of the holiday decorations. The room was beautiful and the bed was comfortable. The bathroom was large. Overall, we would recommend anyone to stay at this hotel. Our only complaint was that we like to sleep with 'white noise' and the AC kept turning on and off all night even though I set the thermostat really low. The lobby is beautiful. I cant say enough about this hotel. We highly recommend it.	
Jan 1 2008 	Great location and Service	This is an excellent location, far enough from the crazy Times Square center , but very central to everything else. The rooms are very spacious. The staff very attentive. I would not hesitate to stay here again.	
Dec 27 2007 	Magical Christmas at The Michelangelo	The Michelangelo was absolute perfection, it made our Christmas in New York memorable.This is a beautiful hotel, from the gorgeous lobby to the large and nicely decorated rooms to the delicious complimentary breakfast (biscotti and Italian coffee, yummy!). The staff are personable and helpful. There is twice daily room service. The hotel is conveniently situated in theater district, which unfortunately also makes it noisy especially at nights. My only criticism is lack of coffee making facility in the room.However, overall I highly recommend this hotel. I have stayed at a lot of hotels in New York and few match the high standards set by this Italian haven. I will definitely stay there again.	
Dec 24 2007 	One of the Best in NYC	I love the Michelangelo. I travel to NYC a couple of time a year and have not been able to find a better property for the money. If you watch their rates they often drop off a month or so before your travel date. I have been able to book Sundays for $195 numerous times. While that is still pricey it is certainly discounted compared to their $623 average room rate. The hotel is beautiful and rooms are spacious and comfortable. The location is very convenient to the theaters and Time Square. PS. If you like steak try Ben Benson’s about a block away.Best,JZ	
Dec 14 2007 	Lovely rooms - but not cheap!	Stayed at the Michelangelo (for the first time) 9th through 13th December. Was in NY on a business trip, so wanted somewhere close to the office. The hotel is lovely, great location, the room I had was one of the smaller ones, but would have easily been big enough if my wife had been with me. The decor was very smart, the bed very comfortable and the storage space great.I did request a quiet room so did not have a view - only a small window and looked out onto the building itself. However, it was dark when I left for work and dark when I got back, so nothing to see anyway. The A/C is noisy, but I didn't have it one while I was trying to sleep, so not a problem.Will certainly try to stay there again.	
Dec 11 2007	Great hotel	Stayed at the Michelangelo for 5 nights during a shopping trip to New York and it does exactly what it says on the tin. Great location just off Times sq. Handy for shopping, theatres the Rockefeller Center (take the trip to the top and dine at the Sea Grill) Staff were great especially the concierge. Stayed in a junior suite which was spacious and clean but a lot of room was taken up by a bar which was of no real use. As with previous reports the free breakfast was ok as a quick snack. Turn right out of the front door and there are 2 deli/cafes serving breakfast within 50 yds. The hotel restaurant was very quite as was the bar.Other restaurants are Balthazars in Soho busy french style brasserie and Sparks american steakhouse. Flew on Silverjet excellent service and great value but watch your luggage on the return journey as thefts reported	
Nov 30 2007 	great location	great hotel, location ideal,staff very friendly and helpful.The breakfast was ok if you wanted little personally we went for more sustinance outside.Would recommend this hotel to anyone, the suite we had was extremely comfortable, the air-con was a little noisy but worked very well.When we go back we will try this hotel again.	
Nov 30 2007 	underwhelming for cost	As previously reviewed, Michelangelo provides a great neighborhood, beautiful lobby in classic old NYC building style, room and bath well furnished, mostly attentive efficient service. But there were also alot of small problems. A very nice desk with an ugly cheap plastic email jack stuck on-no WIFI and no cord provided (they brought one quickly on request). I didn't really mind the extra charge for internet, but after paying $595 + various taxes per night, I do object to local and even &quot;toll free&quot; calls that cost up to $32 each!! They also have heat regulation issues-the usual adjustable thermostat was there, but no matter how low I set it, the heat from the radiator kept coming in. In late Nov, I was able to sleep by leaving a window slightly open, but would have preferred a better temperature control. Finally, although the coffee and croissants were ready well before the official breakfast time of 7am, the attendant wouldn't let me pour a cup at 6:50. Then 2 minutes later someone else just helped herself, and after he didn't object, so did I. Mostly minor issues, but other hotels in this price range (Four Seasons, for example) are much closer to perfect.	
Nov 27 2007 	Wonderful stay at the Michelangelo	We recently stayed for 3 nights at the Michelangelo for my wife's 40th birthday. The rooms are spacious and clean, the front desk helpful, and the breakfast croissants and coffee quite good. It is located across the street from Le Bernardin, where we went for her birthday dinner, which was outstanding. All in all a lovely and convenient place to stay in NYC.	
Nov 25 2007 	Nice hotel but some aspects disappointing	We stayed here from 1st to 6th Nov 2007. Prior to staying I had contacted the concierge about a number of items 1 - asking him to book a car from the airport from us (no response) and 2 - asking for some wine to be placed in the room on arrival as a surprise. This email got answered and I selected the wine and emailed back my choice - no acknowledgement although I did get both a delivery report and read receipt at my end.On arrival at 8pm at night we checked in - we were paying our bill in cash so counted all this out at the desk and were shown to our room. Room was a standard room and was lovely - nice and spacious - I think the Bvulgari toilettries are for suites only but ours had bathrobes etc. One thing was that the room lacked some storage space i.e. the bed had big covers and cushions on it and as part of the turndown there was no storage for this so they were just rolled up and stuffed round the room - think that was a bit untidy. However as I understand these rooms are much bigger than a lot of NY hotels it could have been worse.However no wine in the room.An hour after checking in we got a call from reception who said they had recounted our cash and we were $100 short - at this point as we had been up travelling for 22 hours I could not be bothered to argue this out with them as my feeling was we'd counted it out there and then and they were just trying it on so I just paid it and went back to the room.During the night I got up for a drink from the minibar and put my hand straight on some broken glass - the minibar had bottles in it that had shattered due to the amount of ice - next morning housekeeping sorted it out but I was lucky to have not seriously cut myself.Next day we reported the lack of wine to the concierge (it was not James Jolis - the one who had emailed me back) but another concierge he wrote the details down and said they would check into it. I pointed out it was too late at this point as the surprise element was gone. We never heard another thing from them and yeah I didn't push for a response but I shouldn't have to - its their job to sort stuff like this. I know I was only in a standard room and I wasn't looking for any recompense its just the guy who took the info showed total disinterest and yeah it might not be a lot to him but we saved hard for this trip and it was a surprise for my hubby which I was expecting to be there and it wasn't. These two incidents left me disappointed with the hotel attitude and for that reason we spent no more money with them.The hotel itself is in a great location, yes the aircon is noisy but the unit is huge and in our room situated under the window - we went in Nov so obviously cooling the room wasn't an issue for us. Ear plugs are a must though as you can hear sirens etc all night long - thats the price of being just off Broadway. As you come out your door Broadway is the left and at the end of the street Radio City music hall and the Rockerfella centre - its very central.Breakfast - yeah it is sparse, croissants, coffee and biscotti whilst we were there - some days with take out cups so you could go back to your room - other days no cups so I took the china ones. But its free! Most hotels include nothing so if you treat it as a bonus and just something quick to start you off for the day then thats fine.We were lucky enough to see Wicked before the strike kicked in and would highly recommend it to anyone. We dined at Vice Versa restaurant which is just beyond the Gershwin theatre - prebooked via details from menupages.com. We also dined at Tribeca Grill - fab food, bustling atmosphere and a few celebs to boot.We were lucky enough to have a Big Apple Greeter on day one - Phillip and he was the nicest man - showed us all sorts of things that we would not have spotted otherwise. I'd highly recommend this service.We also did the Grenwich village walking food tour - fantastic experience and really cheap booked before we went via Foods of New York - really good value - 3 hours of history and food tastings.Would I recommend the hotel to others - yes I would - location wise it was perfect. Personally I'd pick somewhere else next time as I felt disappointed by the staff.	
Nov 20 2007 	This hotel is a real gem	I have just returned from a long weekend at the michelangelo hotel. I needed to stay somewhere close to the theatre district and this hotel is tucked away but somehow in the middle of everything. I was traveling with my 15 year old son and my husband and we were excited to have a room that wouldnt be so cramped. We booked a junior suite that was supposed to be 650 sq. feet. We were going to pay extra for a cot that was for my son.  When we arrived they told us that they got us a room that had two queen sized beds instead of the original room. The room was beautifully appointed. We were also offered other rooms that were also very beautiful. The hotel staff was very accomodating. We were sent chocolates from the management! The services of this hotel were outstanding in all respects. I would highly recomend this hotel for anyone traveling to new york,	
Nov 14 2007 	Almost perfect but...	There are so many reviews of this hotel on TA, almost entirely favourable, so let me just deal with some of the issues raised in other reviews first. Location is perfect for mid town, not cheap (but what is?), staff were friendly and helpful, room was immaculately clean and in good decorative order, hallway also appeared freshly painted and carpeted. So far so good. I had a junior suite and based on other reviews asked for one that was &quot;non street facing&quot;. It wasn't, but it overlooked 3 other walls of an enclosed well. Sure it was quiet (providing the air con was switched off, not a problem in November), but there was virtually no natural light and zero view, hence it felt slightly claustrophobic. My mistake. Room was spacious but not huge - had my wife accompanied me (as she was supposed to do before sick child intrervened) there would not have been enough closet space - maybe I was expecting too much. Other reviewers mentioned the meagre breakfast - surely it couldn't be that bad? It was. Coffee, criossants, apples. Full stop. No jam. No juice. Also it is served in the hotel lobby which, whilst very pleasant, is not very comfortable for breakfast. I had been pre-warned and always assumed I could go out for breakfast, which I could, but frankly it's a pain when you just want a juice, bowl of cereal and some toast. Moan 2 - paying $9.99 per day for internet access. It's not the cost, it's the principle - join the 21st century please Michelangelo. And finally the real sting in the tail - I had to make a 45 minute business call to London. Mobile reception in my room was very poor, so out of necessity I had to use the phone in my room. The cost of this 45 minute call? $180. Yes, that's right, $180. $4 per minute. Sure the rates are published, but that is simply daylight robbery and left me leaving with a very sour taste in my mouth. Of course it's always easy when reading these reviews to dwell on the negatives and ignore the positives. The M is a very nice hotel and ticks far more boxes than most. Would I stay there again? Yes I would - but I'll have a room with a view, and won't be using the phone.	
Nov 7 2007 	What a great find	The Michelangelo was a great find, it was ideally located close to Times Square, 5th Avenue and Central Park. Our room was luxurious and well appointed.All the staff were extremely friendly and helpful. The concierge booked a car to transport us to JFK for our flight home, very reasonable at £47.A hotel we will return to.	
Oct 23 2007	A very convenient location!	My husband and I stayed at the Michelangelo on October 9th -13 2007. We did need to change rooms because of the traffic noise from 51st St. below our 4th floor room and a huge flashing billboard tv screen outside the building across the street. The front desk Manager changed our room with only a very brief argument about our losing our &quot;view&quot;. I did not say anything about the lovely view of the giant, flashing tv screen. Once moved to the 5th floor, we slept very peacefully as we had an &quot;inside&quot; room. As other travelers have mentioned, air conditioner noise is a slight problem. The staff is very attentive and the rooms are kept clean. The complimentary Continental breakfast each morning has a nice selection of coffees and the Danishes are fresh and plentiful. There are plenty of restaurants close by if you'd prefer a short walk for breakfast and for other meals. The location is great for shopping as 5th Ave and Henri Bendel are a ten minute walk. I must recommend the Frick Collection at 1 East 70th St. A great museum of what was once a grand home and a private collection! We will definately stay at the Michelangelo again.	
Oct 22 2007 	FABULOUS!!!!!!!!!!!!!	On my first trip to NYC, we stayed at the Michelangelo. The service was great and the room was nice and comfortable. The location also can't be beat! I highly recommend this hotel!!!	
Oct 22 2007 	Great location	We just got back from a long weekend in New York. It was my first visit to New York, so I don't have any comparisons with other NY hotels to make, but after reading other hotel reviews, we were quite happy with our choice. Our room had a king-sized bed and we requested a &quot;roll-away&quot; for a third person staying in our room. The roll-away was more like a twin bed, not your typical fold-up cot. There was still plenty of room to spread out our suitcases. There were large mirrors and electrical outlets in the bathroom, the desk area, and vanity area -- handy for three people doing their hair/makeup at the same time. From the seventh floor, the street noise below was minimal and the digital thermostat kept our room very comfortable. Like previous reviews have stated, it was nice to turn the corner of busy Seventh St. and enter the calm oasis of the hotel lobby. We encountered no problems with the front desk staff, they were friendly and helpful. The bedding and pillows were very comfortable. There are two reasons for the 4 rating (instead of 5). First, there were some pistachio nuts or something similiar next to the bed when we arrived and they were never vacuumed up during our stay. Second, if you're willing to pay the $600+/night published rate, there are probably more &quot;plush&quot; hotels to stay at. We booked with the hotel directly many months in advance and paid $360/night so we can't complain about that. The breakfast is very minimal, but there are many options within 2-3 blocks north and west of the hotel.	
Oct 15 2007 	Great location and some updates	I read all the reviews on this hotel before deciding to book and thought I could reply to some of the previous comments. The best thing about the hotel has been said over and over again...the location is just perfect. The other big plus, as stated by others are the nice size of the rooms. I found a rate on Expedia and then called the hotel and they matched that rate, which was $355 for a DeLux room. We had room 534 which looked over 51st Street, and across to an office building. All the good things about the hotel, I think are true. Here is our take on some of the negatives. Our towels were always new and fluffy (not thin as some said). The hallway rugs were being replaced while we were there (there were some complaints on that).....our bedding looked newer, not shabby. There are paper cups now at the breakfast bar and you can take the coffee back to your rooms (at least my husband did). We always had two chocolates by our bed (not just one as someone complained). We asked for a coffee maker which they gladly supplied, but it is true that they do not provide coffee, so we ended up not using it. Our bed, a King, was very comfortable which is so important after a long day of sightseeing! We spent the last five days of a three week vacation there and this bed was the best bed of our trip. The only negative, for my husband, concerned the air-conditioning which has been talked about on this site. Yes, it does cycle on and off frequently and this woke my husband up. If you are a light sleeper, this may bother you. I, on the other hand, was not bothered at all by this. I am usually warm and I loved the fact that the air conditioner kept the room quite cool!We plan to return to NYC in a couple of years and we plan to stay again at the Michelangelo!	
Oct 13 2007 	The best gem in town!!!	I just returned from a 6 night stay at The Michelangelo. It is by far the best place I've stayed in NY! The check in/out was quick, although it was 10am they promised our room would be ready by 11am and so it was. We booked a Junior Suite, we had the corner of 51st and 7th Ave and it was great! Excellent view, wasn't noisy and there were black out curtains if you wanted to sleep tight at night (with the choice of 4 different pillows!). The manager left a welcome note with a box of Godiva chocolates the first day, we had Bulgari toiletries in the bathroom (which was huge!!!!). The concierge was of great help advising us what to do, Henry at the door helped us with taxis, in a word the staff did everything possible to accomodate you. The coffee/pastries are enough for a quick bite early in the morning although it was only until 9am and some days we couldn't catch the free breakfast, maybe they could have this service everyday until 10am for late sleepers.Overall, the best experience I've had in NY, the location and atmosphere in this hotel makes it the best in town! Next time I'm in NY, I'll definetly stay there!!	
Oct 10 2007 	By New York standards a value.	A very nice hotel, adjacent to Times Square (too close for our taste), and convenient to theater and Lincoln Center. A clean, quiet. spacious room with good service, at a price ($425/night) that was, by New York standards, quite reasonable. Other than proximity to Times Square, our objections were relatively minor - loose toilet seat, worn carpeting (which is being replaced, according to posted, apologetic signs), tired (albeit free) limited continental breakfast. , noisy air-conditioning unit (noted by others). Given the prices of anything comparable in New York City, we would return.	
Oct 5 2007 	Fantastic Experience!"	From the moment we stepped out of the cab until we checked out, the entire experience was wonderful. Henry of the bell staff was very courteous, the front desk people were quite accommodating.Our first room was a bit dark, so we were moved to a larger room with more windows overlooking 7th Ave. Even though we were only on the 5th floor, we heard virtually no street noise. Also, there was no noise from within the hotel.The housekeeping staff was great, making sure we had everything we needed. And the Godiva chocolates from the manager were quite tasty.The Michelangelo is in a convenient location for theaters, Central Park and 5th Avenue shopping.It is the place to stay in New York!	
Sep 26 2007	the "Mike" was just OK	We loved NYC, but felt the &quot;Mike&quot; was a bit ordinary for the price.The location is great, byt the staff was pretty ho-hum about everything from checking in, to AM hot coffee, to PM bar. Our first time stayting there.we wont be back	
Sep 21 2007 	Would not change a thing!	We had 2 studio rooms at the hotel for a 4 day weekend, for myself, husband and 2 sons in their early 20’s. Check I was a breeze, as was check out. I never saw a line at the front desk, or for the concierge. There was one incorrect charge on our bill for the mini bar and it was removed without question. The hotel is beautifully decorated, and the location is perfect if you are interested in theatre, times square, the rock center, radio city, 5th Ave shopping, central park, etc. The hotel is small by NY standards, but the rooms are huge by NY standards. We did not get any bargain prices on the rooms, ($450/nt each) but that seemed to be a fair price for the amenities considering all rooms in the city are expensive. We had one studio with 2 queens, one with a king. They were both at the end of a private corridor, and our keys opened the door at the end of the hall as well as both rooms. It was as if we had a wing of the hotel to ourselves. The baths are large, black marble vanity, TV, walk in closet, and a separate area for make up and hair. The boys bath had a bidet, ours did not. Huge fluffy robes are provided, as well as turn down service. The daily maid service was exceptional, and we rewarded them with tips each day. The windows to the rooms are functional, and we opened them often to let the cool air in, rather than run the A/C. The lobby coffee service was very good, and we enjoyed a cocktail at the intimate lobby bar. Otherwise, there is not a lot of activity at this hotel. The staff is all very friendly, and we especially enjoyed talking to the bellman. We had a later flight, and they kept our luggage for the day. There is one PC for guest’s use and it was handy to print our boarding passes.We did not eat at the hotel restaurant, as we had our fill of Italian in East Village and Little Italy. We did however have lunch at the Heartland Brewery right across the street and the burgers and beer were great. Ben Benson’s steakhouse is just one block from the hotel, and dinner there was very good. If you are looking for a hotel with lots of buzz, people watching, and hype; this is not the place. If you are seeking a high class, quiet, and very comfortable place to stay it’s perfect. I would not hesitate to stay here again; it is a solid 4 star++.	
Sep 21 2007 	Wonderful location; great hotel	My husband &amp; i satyed at the micheangelo during labor day weekend. We searched for the right hotel with valet parking for a long time, &amp; thanks to tripadvisor, we found the right one for an amazingly low rate for NYC hotels. We booked ahead of time through booking.com &amp; the hotel staff called us couple days prior to our arrival to confirm our stay, &amp; we were pleased they were so organized!The hotel was really in a PERFECT location, 5 to 10 min walk to almost all the major detinations (times square, central park..etc.) plus both buses &amp; subway stations were very close. We used both &amp; were very pleased with their convinience. We were upgraded to a double king room, which wasn't really necessary, but definitely nice.The rooms were very quiet &amp; kept very clean &amp; both the bed &amp; the pillows were first class, the best i've ever experienced.. very comfy i'd have hard time getting out of bed in the morning:). The bathroom was quite large with marble, although i'd have liked it to include a tub, but that i knew before i came. my only complain about the room was that due to some of my allergy problems i felt sick because of the carpet. Too bad since all the hotel was covered with it, &amp; this is the first time my allergy gets worse because of a hotel carpet!Yes the AC was noisy, my husband said you get used to it but i slept with ear plugs &amp; it was fine.All the hotel staff was very nice &amp; helpful at all times. There was a complementary breakfast for free, that included beverages (hot milk, hot milk with chocolate -delicious-, coffee &amp; even espresso) &amp; different cakes &amp; pastries. Although it was good we only had breakfast in the hotel once. All in all, to us, the hotel was a good 4* property rather than a 5*. We always found the doorman in another hotel entry (which was weird) &amp; the whole lobby place was small, even the breakfast place was squeezed right to the cheking area. But one thing's for sure, it was a great hotel with a reasonable price with one of the greatest location ever &amp; we definitely recommend this place.Tips :We never ate at the hotel &amp; used the italian neighbourhood (which was ok), &amp; 9th street (15-20min walk from the hotel), best place ever for food. I've never seen so many reaturants squeezed in one place, &amp; the choice of the different vareity of cuisine was just unbelievable, i'd really recommand this place!We went to century 21 (You have to go if you have time) &amp; we definitely had the best buys ever!We took a tuk tuk tour in central park which was so much fun, for about 45min we've seen most of it for only $40 (including tips).If you want to take the bus you have to buy tickets from any subway station prior to getting in it!!We took the ferry back &amp; forth (for free i couldn't believe it) to staten island &amp; we saw the statue of liberty. On our way, we saw some people on boat tours who were closer to the statue but we didn't have time, plus we had a good viwe of it as well. One of the best spot to see it, is that once u get in the ferry, take the first step you see, once upstairs turn to ur left &amp; go outside on ur left &amp; stick to ur place &amp; enjoy!	
Sep 5 2007 	It is great but not 5 star	In planning our trip to NY we reviewed lots of hotels (thank you Tripadvisor!) and decided to stay at the Michelangelo. We went to NY over labor day weekend, so the rates were amazingly low. That was certainly a plus. I have no real complaints about the hotel, just that it really isn't &quot;5 star&quot; but is more of a 4 star. The hotel is in a great location! A quick walk to Times Square, Central Park, Rockefeller Center, pretty much everywhere. Amazingly, the hotel is very quiet. When you walk in the front door from the busy street, it is very quiet, with wonderful music playing in the background. Truly, this a great place to come back to after a long, busy day in the city. The front desk staff was very nice, and so was the staff in the bar. One of the concierges was nice and helpful, though gave us wrong subway directions and we ended up in Brooklyn at 10pm! Scary! The other, who worked on Labor Day, was not very helpful. We needed transportation to the airport, and I inquired about getting a town car, and he told us just to go get a cab. So I called the car service myself.We were &quot;upgraded&quot; when we arrived to a larger room, but definetely the room was not one of the renovated rooms. The furniture was certainly chipped, but all in all, we didn't care. The room was very large, the bathroom was good size (though no bidet as advertised). We were on the 7th floor, with a room overlooking 7th avenue, but we could not hear any outside noise. Yes, the AC is a little loud, but I never really noticed it. The room was very clean, but the sheets and towels were only OK. Not Holiday Inn quality bad, but not what you would expect from a &quot;5 star.&quot; I would guess that the thread count is no more than 300, maybe even around 200. The pillows were a little flimsy, and the bed had a bedspread, I really expect duvets these days from 5 star properties. Breakfast - It is free, so I can't complain. They serve a variety of little muffins and pastries, which were very good. If you want a full breakfast, order room service. They do let you take coffee outside of the bar/breakfast area, and even supply you with to-go cups. The cappucino is not very good most mornings, as they reuse the grounds too much, but any other time of day, the cappucino is amazing! Carmen (one of the bartenders) makes the best!One thing I do expect from a 5 star property is for the doorman to open the door. Nope, not here. They did not open any door, whether it be the door to the taxi when we were dropped off, or the door to the hotel, we had to open it ourselves. Again, not a big deal, but these are things I expect from a 5 star property. All in all, it is a GREAT hotel! If I were to stay in this part of NY again, I would stay here, hands down.	
Sep 1 2007 	Perfect!	My husband and I stayed at the Michelangelo for a weekend prior to a cruise on the Crown Princess. We fully agree with all the previous outstanding reviews of this hotel. It was the perfect place for us. We had a beautiful deluxe room that was comfortable and immaculate. We enjoyed the spacious marble bathroom and the bedroom, which appeared to have been recently updated with fresh paint and new carpet. The location was convenient to the sites we wanted to visit. The staff was helpful and professional. The continental breakfast was enough to get us started in the morning. We would most certainly stay at this classy hotel again.	
Aug 24 2007 	Fabulous weekend	We spent three nights at the Michelangelo. The room was beautiful and the service flawless. We'd contacted the concierge when we made the reservation to arrange a car and driver to take us to a family event and everything was set up perfectly - no problems whatsoever. The hotel passed the fee (and tip for the driver) through onto our bill, so everything was conveniently handled in one transaction at check-out.The location is walking distance to Times Square without being so close as to be overly loud or touristy. I would stay at the Michelangelo again in a heartbeat. We look forward to going back.	
Aug 22 2007	Look No Further	Although the rates are a bit on the steep side, The Michelangelo Hotel's level of comfort and accessibility to many major attractions more than makes up for the dent in the pocket.Whilst reception staff is nothing to shout about, upon arrival, you will immediately notice the lack of bustling crowds and the associated noise that comes with a typical 5 star mega hotel that NY has abundant of. Here, the lobby exudes a warm, cosy and welcome feel. An enclave from the bustling city that never sleeps. A shelter for your weary legs and a charger for your spirits as you prepare to explore the city and its secrets the next day.Rooms are spacious, of a good size, comfortable, private and above all, a perfect end to a hectic day. On a scale of 1-5, I would rate a 6! Having had the opportunity to view a room in another hotel not far off, I am able to say this with much confidence!!The hotel's location was also perfect. Right smack in the Broadway District, within close proximity to Times Square and a comfortable walking distance to anywhere really, this location is PRIME!!For the location and accessibility, quality of rooms and the cosy private feel of a high quality boutique establishment, it is well worth the price!!One tiny area for improvement is breakfast. Offer of coffee and croissants can be improved upon. The selection is - what selection??!! Where breakfast is concerned, you either go all the way, or offer nothing at all. That's my take!Otherwise, this is it, look no further!!	
Aug 20 2007 	NYC Gem	Stayed at the hotel for 4 nights during late summer month, 2007. I am a 31 year old male. Perfect Midtown Manhattan location, close to subway, Times Square, Rockefeller Center, Central park, and all the Broadway shows. In the crazy Times Sq area, this hotel is QUIET, with large rooms and huge bathroom. Bathroom also had bidet, phone, and TV in it. I would recommend this hotel to anyone at all ages and/or NYC vacation intentions.	
Aug 17 2007 	Wonderful stay at The Michelangelo	My husband and I just returned from a long wonderful weekend at The Michelangelo. This was the best hotel ever! Everything from check-in to check-out was easy and the staff was courteous and helpful. They were always there to answer a question or help out with whatever we needed.The location was great. The hotel is within a few blocks of Times Square and Rockefeller, as well as many Broadway shows. Staying at The Michelangelo was like being transported to a quiet oasis after a long day of being on the go. We will definitely stay here again on our return trip to New York.	
Aug 13 2007 	Extremely Pleased with the Michelango	We just returned from a four-night stay at the Michelangelo with 5 women in two adjoining rooms (410, 411), and we absolutely loved it! The location is several blocks from both Times Square and Rockefeller Center, which meant no cab rides to find great restaurants, clubs and shopping. The hotel was very clean, quiet, and comfortable, and the staff was exceptional. The bartender Jimmy was our favorite, and we ended each day with a drink and some great conversation with him. I've stayed in NYC before and have seen typical room sizes, and the Michelangelo's rooms were incredibly large and well worth the price. Other reviewers have mentioned loud A/C and street noise, and we weren't bothered at all by either even though we faced busy 7th street and the temp was in the 90's. We will definitely stay again when we are in the city!	
Aug 13 2007	Very nice and cozy	The hotel was lovely. We had a view of 7th avenue from our 7th floor corner room. The room was huge, yet sparsely furnished. The hotel is located a few short blocks from Times Square. It couldn't have been more perfect. The lobby was beautiful. Overall, a wonderful experience.	
Aug 11 2007	A Beauty!	We stayed at the beautiful Michelangelo for one night to celebrate a birthday. We booked two adjoining rooms. One room had a king bed and the other had two queens. They were attached by a foyer. (These type of rooms aren't easy to find in NYC) Both rooms were exceptionally spacious for a Manhattan hotel. They were tastefully decorated and extremely clean. The service was also excellent, from the employees at the front desk to the room service waiters. The beds and linens were high quality and comfortable. The location is ideal, close to theatres, shopping, etc. I was on the 4th floor and found it surprisingly quiet, with very little noise from outside traffic. I had only one complaint. A few hours before we were to check out, we suddenly had a strong odor of nail polish remover come through the vents. It was pretty overwhelming. I told them at the front desk before I left and they said they would make note of it and investigate. I'm confident that, if we were staying longer, they would have addressed the problem for us. I would not let it stop me from staying there again. Overall, we loved it!	
Aug 11 2007	An oasis in the city	We enjoyed this hotel immensely! The lobby is clean and welcoming as is the staff. The room was large and quiet. Breakfast in the lobby is nice altho the danish could be improved. Classical music plays quietly all day long. At night jazz is piped thru and there is a piano player and bass man for a few hours.Do not hesitate to stay here. You will enjoy your stay.A few notes: no safe in the rooms; the shower was a bathtub shower and could be slippery altho there is a wall bar; the AC in our room worked but is old fashioned and recycled throughout the night. Nevertheless, the bed was comfortable and the room large. Rooms and halls are clean; elevators respond within seconds of a call.We will stay here again if we are lucky enough to get reservations.	
Aug 8 2007	Great Stay at The Michelangelo	My 11-year-old daughter and I stayed here for 4 nights during our &quot;girls trip&quot; in NYC--her first, my second--and had a wonderful stay! After doing a lot of research, I booked the room at a great rate directly on the hotel's website. Check-in was quick, and after reading several TA reviews of this property, I was not at all surprised when we were advised of our upgrade to a larger room (I think that I would've been disappointed if we hadn't been upgraded!). The room was large and appeared to have been recently &quot;freshened up&quot; with new paint and cosmetic changes. The bed was incredibly comfortable, the towels were large and fluffy, and we loved using the robes provided by the hotel! Housekeeping visited twice a day, made up the room while we were out in the city, and returned in the evening to empty the waste cans, fill the ice bucket, and provide turn-down service. Our only request to housekeeping was for extra pillows, which were provided within 5 minutes of our phone call. The entire staff from the door to the front desk were friendly and helpful.After the first day, we passed on the breakfast...I liked the coffee, but my daughter doesn't drink it yet, and there was no milk available to go along with the muffins/pastries. They looked good, but since we don't eat anything that sweet for breakfast, we went in search of something more to our taste, and had absolutely no trouble finding it within steps of the hotel.I had only two minor issues with our stay. The room was on the sixth floor and overlooked West 51st. The street noise was audible even in the middle of the night. But since it was warm during our stay, we solved the noise issue by cranking down the A/C low enough to where it ran all night and drowned out the street noise. My other issue is one that I have with other hotels that I have recently visited, and that is regarding Internet Access. This property provides a single computer for the guests to use in the lobby (and it is in high demand!), but still charges 9.95 per day for connecting to the internet in your room using your own computer. My one concern prior to the visit, the lack of in-room safes, was quickly put to rest when I saw the setup at the front desk. The hotel has an actual security vault, with bank boxes and cameras, and the guests are buzzed in and must sign each time they access their boxes. The access is in a private area, and I was very pleased with the setup.My first and only other stay in NYC was at a very large, very busy property in the heart of Times Square...I chose The Michelangelo for its proximity to Times Square, Rockefeller Center, and the Theatre District, but also because I had a sense that it was just far enough away from the chaos of Times Square, and would offer a calm resting place from our daily ventures into the city. I wasn't disappointed, and hope that we will be able to return for another stay very soon.	
Aug 5 2007	very nice but...	Hotel is very nice and centrally located.My only concerns were:1) room air conditioner was noisy. Called maintenance and they responded in 5 minutes which was excellent. Maintenance agreed it was noisy and offered to put in a new unit. With a little pushing and shoving, reduced noise of existing a/c to a tolerable level. 2) lobby and hallways were very hot. I would have liked to enjoy the lobby with the continental breakfast but it much too hot in the lobby.I've stayed in Manhattan many times and this is definately one of the better hotels in this area of Manhattan.	
Aug 4 2007	It has changed but still loving it.	I am the daughter of &quot;Yankeefanatic&quot; and as a 13 year-old girl who has traveled a lot I must say New York is one of my favorite places. The Michaelangelo has one of the best locations by Broadway (my mother and I go to many shows), it's easy to get to and just an overall gorgeous hotel. Ever since I was little, we've stayed here and of course I love it but my stay now has been very different. The bar/seating area is a place I spend most of my time here. The service is very nice and wonderful staff once you get to know them but my past stay here has been... weird. They kicked my friend and I out of the bar and even as we were getting our drinks they said we had to leave. When my friend and I went down alone to get Shirly temple's they said we had to leave because we were too young. The Michaelangelo isn't as &quot;carefree&quot; as they used to be but I still love it here.	
Aug 1 2007 	Loved it!	July 25-31, 2007I did my homework and when a deal came up,(aver. $250/night!), I booked immediately. Check in was a breeze. Great little bar in the lobby with terrific food, bartender was wonderful. Concierge was very helpful by both email and phone, sorry I didn't get a chance to meet him in person. the room was fabulous, so comfortable and relaxing for a business traveler. immaculately clean. If you needed anything, housekeeping was there within seconds! Doormen were so nice and helpful - all in all, a great stay! this is my new NY hotel of choice.	
Aug 1 2007 	love it!	I have FINALLY found a hotel I love in NYC. After staying at numerous other hotels in the area over the years, and after reading all the great reviews of the Michelangelo on this website, I decided to give it a try. The hotel staff is professional and very courteous, check-in was a snap and I too was upgraded to a great, huge room (an anomoly in NYC). Great view and the windows had heavy blinds which could be pulled down for deep sleep. Room service food was prompt and delicious. The bathroom was enormous and I really liked the toiletries offered. Quiet, relaxing room, nice turndown service and complimentary NYTimes every morning. Housekeeping attended to every need in a quick and efficient way. Lobby was classy with wonderful, live classical music every evening. Close to 5th avenue shopping, Radio City Music Hall, all the Broadway theatres. Overall, a first-rate hotel and a first-rate experience. I love this hotel. I have found my home away from home in NYC!	
Jul 17 2007 	A Gem in Manhattan	Visited NYC for my birthday July 12-15, 2007. After reading all of the positive Tripadvisor reviews, decided to stay at the Michelangelo months ago and made reservations. We stayed in Room 737 (deluxe, king suite). Hotel graciously upgraded us for my birthday. The room was HUGE by city hotel standards. Every request (extra pillows, clean towels, room service) was instantly satisfied by the cordial staff. Early check-in was seamless. Many wonderful complimentary services (daily paper, turndown service with chocolates, shoe-shine, delivery of any &quot;missing&quot; toiletries, light breakfast each morning). My only negatives were that our room's A/C unit was rather noisy (ear plugs solved the problem for sleeping) and our room faced out on the street (city traffic noise all night long). An interior suite would probably have been quieter. Otherwise, the Michelangelo was exceptional. Lovely public areas (small lobby bar with nightly classical music). Perfect location. If you're looking for the perfect romantic getaway in NYC, try this hotel. Highly recommended.	
Jul 16 2007 	Really lovely hotel great location	We stayed in The Michelangelo for 5 nights and had a brilliant stay. Everyone was very efficient and friendly throughout our stay. We were upgraded to a studio room for free which was huge. The free coffee and little pastries were a nice touch and handy in the mornings although you wouldn't pay for them as the quality wasn't the greatest. We got amazing value for the size of the room and what we paid for it. I would definitely recommend this hotel as it's in a great location for sightseeing. I would stay there again on visiting New York.	
Jul 5 2007 	Our daughters deserve a pat on the back	We stayed at the michelangelo hotel in new york city for 4 nights in early july and it was fabulous. The location was amazing, the staff were very friendly and accomadating. When looking for a hotel we went through many different options that had rooms that were either far too small or absolutly hidious.( you know with the dark green carpet and floral print bedspreads)we were so conviced that there was nothing sufficient in NYC for us, so we left our 13 yr old daughters to pick something out and what a great job they did. The room (we stayed in a deluxe room) was spacious and nicely decorated, the only thing missing was a jaccuzi bathtub.(would have been nice after all the shoppiong we did) All in all we really enjoyed our vacation at the Mike and won't hesitate to stay there again.	
Jul 4 2007 	FANTASTIC!!	A girls night out on the town in NYC. My neighbor and I had the most wonderful experience at The Michaelangelo. The room was hugh with two very comfortable queen beds. The linens and pillows were pristine. Clasical music was playing on the Bose stereo in our room when we arrived. We checked in a little early,(2:30pm.) The front desk couldn't do enough for us. They were so pleasent, helpful ,and kind. We had time to relax before dinner and the show. The bath room was immaculate, with huge fluffy soft towels. We asked for an ironing board and iron, it was brought to us before I could hang up the telephone. It was also extremely quiet. The coffee and pastries in the morning was a wonderful ending to our night out on the town. I reccomend this wonderful paradise in one of the busiest cities in the world.	
Jul 1 2007 	Motel 6 style care for only $495/night !! Don't waste your $$$$	At $495/night and a 5 star rating, I wonder who is getting the payofff for such high rankings. Obviously those who are ranking these hotels have less than discerning taste... At best a $125/night experience..Small definately European 200 year old style lobby. Entering our 3rd floor, Jr. Suite, the 1st thing I find is that the maid had left dirty cleaning rags on the coffee table in the sitting room. However, being told at check in that they had upgraded me from a Studio to a Jr. suite,( not realizing why at the time) I felt I could let it pass and handed them to the person who brought in the luggage. However I soon found that the bedroom came repleate with dirty, grungy 30 year old ( at least ) carpets, brown with age and who knows what else.The bathroom had discusting moldy caulking around the shower and the window overlooking 51st street was also filthy with cracking window caulking and poor insulation. The A/C sounded like an old French 1 HP Citroen automobile that one sees in old B/W movies that for some reasons americans think are artsy. But I guess this was part of the European experience my close to $600/night after taxes was supposed to offer.I went to put a few beverages in the small fridge to find that the Freezer was frozen over and its door was broken and hanging off. Having brought this to the attention of the front desk, they asked if I would mind if the fixed it while I was out, to which I replied - to please do so..Upon my return, I found out what their idea of repairing it was: they had unplugged the fridge and put towels on the floor in front of it so that it would not make too much of a puddle while it was defrosting. They did put another fridge in the corner of the room however, real European 5 star Class...When leaving I asked for the manager, who appeared in the form of a pompous (Frenchman?) who in his inspector Clouseau accent, told me that he would be sure to put this information in my &quot;Customer Profile&quot; for the next time I visited ~!AHHH.. But this was not yet the end of my experience.. Upon my return, I emailed their Home office in Italy ( who never responded by the way) but also cc'd the NY Hotel as well. The Director of the Hotel, via the email of his assistant, told me that the reason I was upgraded form a NON- renovated studio to a NON renovated Jr. Suite was because they had no other Nice, Newly renovated rooms left. So basically they upgraded me to a larger shitty room from what was to have been a smaller shitty room. They would however make note of this fact in my Customer Profile for future reference, although they obviously had no interested in my returning business.Bottom line.. There is much better quality to be found. Try the Helmsley on 57th overlooking the park, try the 4 seasons, try the Holiday Inn, try Motel 6 or Motel 8, all will offer better value, and likely actually care about their clientele. They are not interested in building new repeat business.	
Jun 26 2007 	fabulous	First Class luxury. Excellent conceirge booked us at a cute romantic Italian restaurant right near out theater and advised us which show to see. Luxurious everything! Coffee and sweets in the morning which was a huge help for us since we needed to catch an early flight.Highly recommend to anyone wanting to be in the theater district.	
Jun 25 2007 	Tops in NYC	You can't ask for much more in a NYC hotel. The Michelangelo has huge rooms, especially perfect for couples like us who pack too much. Lots of room to get ready, nice bathroom (with a TV), clean and quiet. The location is perfect- only paces from Radio City Music Hall in one direction and David Letterman in the other direction. I didn't even realize until we got back home that a few years ago we stayed at this hotel's sister location in Rome, also stellar.We called ourselves for car service to LaGuardia (800.8CARMEL, about $40 for 2) and the hotel called us on our cell phone to alert us that the driver had arrived early and would wait for us. Would highly recommend for a luxurious NYC getaway.	
Jun 20 2007 	The Michelangelo was Fabulous	I stayed at the Michelangelo for the first time on June 13th on a business trip to NY. I travel to NY often for business and have stayed at many of the top NY hotels, including ones ranked high on Tripadvisor. The Michelangelo was by far the best one of them all. The service was outstanding throughout --from check-in, to room service, to the terrific room itself. I got a room upgrade that was terrific. The staff was extremely welcoming and the location of the hotel was fantastic.It's been a long time since I have experienced such service and it made my hotel stay most enjoyable.	
Jun 18 2007 	Good for couples	My husband and I stayed here for a long weekend and really just wanted a classy hotel to sleep at night--this place fit the bill. The location is great! It is right on 7th and 51st street within easy walking distance of Times Square and really close to Rockfeller Center. The king bed room also had a love seat sofa and chair as well as a desk. The bed was very comfortable. The armoire had a flat screen TV as well as several drawers. The closet was very large and the bathroom was very big with a separate toilet/tub area. Lots of marble in the bath and a huge oval tub/shower with a nice wide shelf for all your bath things. The bath also had a small TV which was an unexpected perk. Towels were nicer than the standard hotels.We have three small children who stayed home with Grandma on this trip. This hotel is NOT a good choice for families. No pool or family restaurant. It is very quiet and really too &quot;fancy&quot; for children. Plus the room had no extra space for kids to stretch out in.We booked on Expedia and got a great rate for a NYC hotel. And the location couldn't be better.Finally the staff was wonderful. Very polite at the front desk. The concierge was very personable and helpful. And when we checked out at 6 am on Sunday morning the doorman already had a cab waiting without our asking ahead of time.	
Jun 12 2007	The best ever!!	We arrived at the hotel about an hour early for chekking in, but that was absolutely no problem!! And guess what... We were upgraded to a suite at no additional cost! Absolutely an overall amazing experience - We loved it!And i can recommend this hotel to anyone who is going to stay at the best location in manhattan, no doubt.Everything (but breakfast) was wonderful, all staff were fantastic, room was perfect.Best value for travel-money ever.So; Been there, done that, and for sure, we`re going back!!!!	
Jun 12 2007 	Perfect for the right people	My wife and I stayed June 8th-11th at the Michelangelo and had a great stay. Pros: Extreemly clean, large rooms for New York, great location, friendly staff.Cons: I would describe the hotel as understated elegance, but some people might not appreciate that. Our only con was that we had a room that looked out to another building about 5 feet away and this meant our room got no natural light. On a bright sunny day it still looked dark out our window. A very nice hotel, but I can't say it is much better than other high end hotels we have stayed at in New York.	
Jun 8 2007 	Michelangelo Perfect Stay!	I am writing this in the lobby of the Michelangelo! Quiet elegance in the centre of this frenetic City!!! We came here for our Silver Wedding Anniversary and had a wonderful stay in this elegant Hotel just along from Times Square but away from all the maddness this area emits. The lobby is beautiful marble and very cool which is very welcoming when it is so hot outside 90 today and very humid. We had a King suite and it was beautiful, huge room, flat screen tv, mini bar, sitting area and the largest dressing room and bathroom ever. Everyone was very friendly and helpful and we would not hesitate to stay here in this lovely oasis again!	
Jun 6 2007 	Excellent service good rooms	I stayed at The Michelangelo for three days in May 2007. I had an &quot;Executive Room,&quot; which was large, with a large walk-in closet, nice size bathroom, and comfortable living area. The bed was a bit on the soft side. I should note that the rooms here don't have safes, so you'll need to leave valuables in the safe deposit boxes. There were boxes big enough to hold a standard size laptop. The room was next to the service lift, and the noise from the lift and the staff using it was quite audible during the day but not at night. There was also some noise from, somewhere, that came through the vent in the bathroom, but this too was only during the day and went away if the door was shut. But there was no noise from the room next door.The service though was excellent. I called for a lan cable and it came instantly. I called to have some laundry picked up and again they came to the room right away. (The actually cleaning was only ok - but on my way out that evening, I asked the concierge to have the shirt re-done so I could wear it the next day - and it was re-done and waiting for me when I got back that evening.)I'd definitely stay here again and now have an alternative to the only other hotel that I truly like in NY (Sofitel).	
Jun 2 2007	Excellent	The Michelangelo is everything you want in a NYC hotel. It is quiet, gracious, the rooms are spacious and elegant. The staff is accomodating and pleasant. The restaurant is excellent as is the room service food. It's a great location for all NYC needs. It is my favorite place to stay in New York.	
May 27 2007 	great hotel	My wife and I stayed at the Michelangelo for 5 nights starting May 19 th . This is an exellent Hotel in a great location the staff were always friendly and helpful (use the consignee for info). The room was extremely quiet ! The complimentary breakfast was as expected (muffins, apple &amp; tea/coffee) ,but right out the front door and turn right was a very good deli called Cafe Duke well priced and populur with the locals. The free newspaper in the a.m. at our door was nice ,as was twice a day room cleaning we would recommend a stay at the Michelangelo .	
May 24 2007 	this hotel is great	My wife and I arrived in NYC earlier than expected. Upon arrival we went to the front desk and after being with a pleasant greeting were informed our room was ready. This was at 1230pm. We were in town to see a 3pm play and found the hotel being ready to freshen up before the show great. The man behind the counter even upgraded us to a suite. The rooms was very clean, staff friendly, and the amenities in the hotel were great. I left my shoes outside the door and the following morning they were shined, at no charge! Our room had a flatscreen tv, seperate sitting area, and a bathroom with the largest bathtub I have ever seen. There was even a TV in the bathroom. Check out was a seemless transaction. Overall we cannot wait to stay at this hotel again.	
May 17 2007	Very Special	We stayed in the MichaelAngelo at the end of March 2007 for my partners 40th birthday. It was his first trip to NYC and I wanted it to be very special for him. I not only e mailed the hotel of the reason for our travel but I called them before we left the U.K. to check they had my message. Upon arrival we were upgraded to a junior suite and the whole NY experience began it's magic from that point. The staff were very pleasant, the accommodation was superb and I'm sad to see someone wrote a review saying they'd had a not very good experience, as my partner &amp; I are both rather well travelled and our stay at the MichaelAngelo will remain in our memories for a very long time to come for all the right reasons. The hotel will always be a place I'll rave about and recommend to anyone who will listen but judging by the other reviews, we weren't exceptionally lucky, the guy who gave the 1* rating must have simply been very very unfortunate. I wish he'd had the fantastic memories my partner &amp; I will keep forever. The hotel had a beautiful ambience and incredibly comfortable feel to it..... I'm going to stop going on now, as everytime I think about it, I could go on forever...	
May 14 2007 	The perfect hotel!	Just returned from a 3 night stay and it couldn't have been better! I booked this hotel for a girls long weekend - 6 of us. The hotel gave us 2 rooms adjoined by a common foyer with 2 king size beds in each room. It was perfect for us. The rooms were large, spotlessly clean, and were beautifully decorated. The beds, pillows and linens were superior - my back pain which has plagued me for months disappeared! We were on the 3rd floor and we heard very little noise from the street, if any. The staff was extremely pleasant and helpful. We had coffee sent up to the room each morning rather than going down for the continental breakfast but we did pick up muffins and pastries as we ran out the door. I had a great cosmopolitan in the piano bar one night but it was a little pricey - $14.00!! The hotel is in the perfect spot for theatre goers and is a short walk to Madison and 5th Avenue, Central Park, and Rockefeller Center. I would defintely recommend this hotel to anyone visting NYC who wants the perfect place to stay!	
May 14 2007 	Loved this Hotel!	I did a lot of research online for a hotel in the heart of the city for a decent price. I found a great internet rate for this hotel on the day we wanted to go. I contacted the hotel and they gave me the internet rate. Everything about this hotel was great. Beautiful atmosphere, clean spacious room, friendly staff, and most of all....the location was perfect! Only a block from Times Square, and a block from Rockefeller Center. Ruth's Chris Steakhouse is right next door (yummy) for a nice dinner. My only small gripe was that they charged us $80 for valet parking (it is $40 per 24 hour period), because we parked it on 11:30 a.m. Sunday, and got it at 1:00 p.m. Monday. They said since it was over 24 hours, they had to charge us the extra day, which is their policy, so I guess I understand. Other than that, we really enjoyed our stay and would recommend it to anyone.	
Apr 19 2007 	Great hotel	This hotel is in an excellent location! It's just a couple blocks away from several attractions, including Times Square, but still manages to feel like a quiet and cozy place. Last year we stayed at the Doubletree in Times Square and everytime you walked out the front door of that hotel, it was so loud and crowded and you always had to fight your way through a huge crowd of people to get anywhere. That is not the case when you walk out the front door of the Michelangelo Hotel. It feels like it's off the beaten path, but it's still so close to everything. Our room was very clean and we really appreciated having a large bathroom with a separate vanity area. My only complaint is we had called housekeeping at 8am to order a rollaway bed to be delivered to our room and they said no problem. When we came back to the room at 7pm that night, the rollaway bed still had not been delivered. So I called housekeeping again to remind them that we still needed the rollaway bed and they said they had no record of my earlier request. Then the front desk called me to verify that I had ordered a rollaway bed which I confirmed; then it arrived 10 minutes later. I'm not sure why that request was so complicated for them, but it eventually arrived and it was actually a very nice and comfortable rollaway bed. I would definitely recommend this hotel to a friend.	
Mar 30 2007 	Great place	I enjoyed my stay here although it is not easy to explain. You are in the heart of Times Square yet it has an Upper East Side &quot;snottiness&quot; to it. The front desk is somewhat obnoxious but they are efficient and helpful with specific requests. The concierge is fantastic - his recommendations for Broadway shows was very helpful. The hotel offers a free breakfast but it is a joke - the pastries probably were bought at the supermarket and are generally uninspiring. If you want a free piece of bread and some okay coffee before you go out, perfect - otherwise go elsewhere. The bartender told me the restaurant was to open in a couple months and I am sure that will help them clean up their horrible breakfast issue.The rooms are what makes this special - a friend recommended this place to me because the rooms are much bigger than normal for NYC. They are very spacious and comfortable although they are definitely somewhat worn. Sort of reminded me of an upscale grandmother's place - comfortable and nice, but a little tired. Nevertheless, my wife and I really enjoyed it after long days exploring the city.The bellmen and doormen are fantastic - they are friendly and personable and incredibly helpful. It seemed like they immediately knew who we were and were able to point my wife in the right direction for her morning coffee runs (she didn't like the hotel's coffee). All in all - a great choice in the Times Square/Theater district. I usually stay at the Westin when we visit the city and only tried this as it was cheaper. I will likely try the Michelangelo again.	
Mar 22 2007 	Michelangelo is the best!	Our third visit (leisure) to the Michelangelo and it continues to be marvelous experience. Everyone from doormen to reception to concierge to housekeeping is invariably helpful and kind - just a perfect way to buffer the hustle/bustle of Manhattan.Rooms are larger than what would be expected - we were upgraded from deluxe to Junior suite with sofa, coffee table and comfortable chairs along with desk separate from sleeping area. King sized bed very comfortable with lovely linens. Everything was impeccably clean and yet the only time I saw housekeeping was when they were doing turn-down service. Very quiet in AM, allowing for peaceful sleep. Just love this hotel!	
Mar 19 2007 	Fantastic stay!	Booked a Saturday night stay at Quickbook.com for my wife and I for her birthday after reading many rave reviews about the Michelangelo. We got a great rate for NYC. If you've ever been to Europe and stayed in a hotel in a major city there, that's what you can expect here. The lobby reminded me of a hotel we stayed at last year in Madrid. Very cozy, like a big living room.We arrived early on Saturday and hotel staff were happy to check us in and hold our bags until our room was ready and promised to deliver our bags to our room as soon as it was available.We departed for lunch and returned around 3:30 PM; we picked up our room keys and were informed that we had been upgraded to a larger room. We went up to our room to find a huge-by-New-York-standards (and plenty adequate by anyone else's standards) corner room with 2 king sized beds and a large walk-in closet. Our bag wasn't there, and one phone call produced it in about 2 minutes, with a smile, a thank you and no obnoxious waiting around for a tip, the guy was gone before I even had a chance to offer one. Another phone call got 3 fiber pillows delivered to replace the feather pillows without aggrivation, and also in under 5 minutes. Finally, another phone call got us an iron and ironing board in under 5 minutes.We returned after the theater to find our bed re-made, turned down and chocolates on the nightstand, along with a card with the next day's weather forecast. After a few drinks at the hotel bar, we found the Sunday Times waiting for us outside our door at around 1:30 AM.Most importantly, the room was spotless. No mold/mildew whatsoever. Water pressure was phenomenal, shower stayed hot - I didn't even want to get out. Staff was always courteous, friendly and every request we made was handled quickly, efficiently and with a smile. Location at 51st and 7th is right in the middle of the theater district, within 2 short blocks of the E and 1 Subway lines. I'd stay there again, it's my new first choice in NYC.	
Mar 12 2007 	Michelangelo a great NYC value	Just got back from an excellent weekend...everything just about perfect...James, the concierge, a great help with shows and reservations. Front desk very helpful and rooms large and clean. Breakfast rolls a little weak, but ok...would be nice to be able to take coffee back to the room...we will stay there again.	
Mar 10 2007 	Still a gem!	We just returned from our second stay at the Michelangelo, and I'm pleased to report that the property is still a real gem in the heart of NYC. The front desk staff are friendly and helpful and the houskeepers do an excellent job of cleaning and turning down the rooms. And the rooms! Our junior suite was pretty, absurdly spacious, quiet, impeccably clean and filled with light from two large courtyard-facing windows--all this in Manhattan for well under $400! I can't say enough about the condition of the room-- spotless and utterly free of dings, rips, stains, etc. The lobby, hallways and elevators were equally pristine. Nice touch: in-room electronic touchpad for heat/ air control. We always find the Michelangelo to be an oasis of calm after a day enjoying the bustle of the city.	
Feb 18 2007	Our new NY favorite	I booked this hotel online after reviewing many sites. I was looking for a great location at an affordable price for a mother/daughter weekend. We were not disappointed! Because we arrived a little early on Saturday, our room was not yet ready. When the staff learned I was meeting my daughter, they offered a upgraded room with 2 king beds that was availbable immediately. And although the bathroom did not have a tub, as it was handicap accessible, we jumped for it. The hotel is beautiful and the room was quite large. James, the concierge, was great and helped secure dinner reservations for the exact time we needed, speaking both Italian and Spanish. The theatre and restaurant were all within easy walking distance. The complimentary coffee and pastry bar the next morning was nice . My only slight complaint was that the fan in the room kept turning off and on and because we like white noise, we had to set the fan on a lower temp to keep it running, so it got a little cool. We were also on the 3rd level above the street, so a fan was also needed to drown out the noise. They do offer quieter rooms, however. I will definitely be returning the Michelango...a great find!	
Feb 16 2007 	Great location and concierge services	My husband and I live in NJ but are in NYC often. We decided to spend Valentine's Day in the city and stay at the Michelangelo hotel for the night. In our search for the perfect hotel, we looked for a combination of a prime Times Square location, luxury, and affordability. The Michelangelo offered us exactly that! The hotel is on the smaller side with average size rooms for NYC. The bathroom was nice, was a combination of 2 small rooms, and one of them housed a nice deep tub. The hotel and the rooms are very clean! I must also compliment the extremely helpful concierge for doing a great job! We only wish the doorman was as helpful, as he was never there to open the door for us....Overall, a good experience at the Michelangelo hotel. This is not the Ritz-Carlton or the Four Seasons, but for 1/2 price of those hotels, this hotel is a great choice! I can imagine it is also a great choice for business travelers.	
Jan 19 2007 	Superb 1st class hotel	Nicky &amp; Robert Englandwe have just spent our first vacation to the states and had a fantastic time. The hotel Michealangelo was supreb from the minute we checked in,the staff were all very plesant and friendly and the standard of our delux room was 1st class. We will definatly be returning to the Michaelangelo.	
Jan 16 2007 	What a colossal disappointment	After hearing good things about the hotel, I was excited to stay. But my excitement soon turned to disappointment after I arrived for a recent Wednesday night stay. I was supposedly upgraded to a &quot;nice executive room&quot; that turned out to be on the third floor facing the street. This was an extremely poor location given the 90 minutes of garbage truck ballet that occurred from 11 pm to 1:30 as three dueling trucks honked, revved and compacted loads of neighborhood garbage. I might be willing to forgive the poor location, but the bathroom wasn't as clean it should be (unless the long hairs in the sink were intentionally left there). On top of this, my room service order of Tiramisu arrived so solidly frozen that it took an hour to thaw at room temperature. Finally, adding insult to injury, the staff failed to pick up and shine my shoes, which were left outside my door before 11 pm as directed for the provision of this &quot;complimentary&quot; service. Given the wide assortment of peer hotels with which I have had vastly superior experiences, I would not stay at the Michelangelo again under any circumstances.	
Jan 16 2007 	The Best	My family and I just got from NYC and had an absolutely great stay at this hotel. Service was excellent, the rooms were big and nicely furnished, and very clean. Last but not least, the location was perfect. I would definitely recommend this hotel in a heartbeat and stay there again and again.	
Jan 9 2007 	The Michelangelo was AWESOME!	My husband and I have stayed in New York City almost every December (for nine years) to celebrate our birthdays and enjoy the holiday season for a weekend. We have previously stayed at The Palace, which we always enjoyed very much, but this year wanted to try something different to celebrate my husband's 50th birthday. I chose the Michelangelo as a surprise for him... we stayed Dec. 15-17. We were thrilled with our choice!We found the front desk people to be very efficient and very polite, and they were so kind to upgrade us to an absolutely beautiful Grand Suite (we had a reserved a King Suite). The room was huge, gorgeous and very quiet. The doorman, bellman, and maid were all very kind. The rooms were spotless. Prior to our arrival, I had contacted James, the concierge, by email, and he was also very helpful with my questions! The hotel management left us a box of Godiva chocolates, bottle of wine and a vase of beautiful yellow roses, which was a wonderful touch. Unfortunately, on the last night of our stay, I awoke in the middle of the night, and in the dark, I broke something in the room by accident, which, of course, I had to tell them about the next morning (being totally embarassed and humiliated). Once again, the staff was very kind... while I was very upset that I was so clumsy to break something, they seemed more concerned about me being alright. I still feel so bad that I ruined anything in this beautiful room, especially after they were so kind to upgrade us. Again, they were great. The location of The Michelangelo is perfect. We could walk to everything, and quickly! Radio City, Rockefeller Center, the theatre district... all so close by! Fantastic location! I would 100% recommend The Michelangelo to anyone. We would definitely stay there again, if they will have me, the clumsy one, back!	
Jan 5 2007 	Lovely hotel excellent service	We recently returned from four days at the The Michelangelo and were very pleased with this charming European-flavor hotel, its staff, and the location. We are very particular and experienced travelers who make every effort to select top-class hotels that not only offer quality accomodations, but provide a unique experience - we were not disappointed with The Michelangelo.I contacted the hotel directly prior to our arrival explaining the circumstances of our trip, and they were very kind and receptive to helping to make our stay a special experience - Louis and James are excellent representatives for this hotel. When we arrived we were upgraded to a larger room and a thoughtful box of Godiva chocolates was left for us our first night. The overall ambiance of the hotel was warm and inviting elegance and the service exceptional. We were traveling with some friends who had lost their luggage and the staff at the hotel were very instrumental in helping them locate their bags - they even stayed on the phone for more than 45 minutes to get through for information on the lost luggage.We would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to New York.....unless you are like one of the previous reviewers who prefers hotels with vending machines. If so, this is not the hotel for you. Our congratulations and appreciation to The Michelangelo and its staff for the great job you are doing....definitely a class act.	
Jan 3 2007 	Clean Quiet and a Great Location	Location is excellent, as is housekeeping staff. Would definitely consider hotel for future NYC visit.	
Jan 2 2007 	Fabulous Hotel!	We found this hotel back in July while looking to book a Christmas getaway in New York this year. What a fabulous find! Great location - just close enough to Times Square/Broadway and 5th Avenue without being on the beaten path. When we checked in we were advised that we had been given an upgraded room. Having stayed in New York hotels, in the past, the room size was superior to those &quot;cracker boxes&quot; you normally receive. I will stay here again and recommend it to anyone heading to New York.	
Dec 28 2006 	not what we expected	This was our first experience to New York City and we were excited. I contacted the concierge prior to our trip to arrange airport pickup. He arranged a driver in a sedan (we had 4 people and 11 bags!!!!!!!!!) Needless to say, we paid $118 for a driver, and another $28 for a taxi to accomodate everyone. The front desk, concierge, and bartender were rude and very unpleasent to say the least. Housekeepers and room service delivery were great - very polite and helpful. Luckily, there is plenty to do in New York for Christmas because there is absolutely NOTHING at this hotel. No vending machines, no restaurant, no shops, etc. The room was ok, but not what we expected for the price. We have stayed in much more luxorious hotels in Ft. Lauderdale and a better price. If we return to New York, we will shop for a better hotel next time. Don't be fooled by the pictures on the internet.	
Dec 27 2006 	Perfect Location!!!!	My husband and I stayed here from the 5th of december for 6 nights in a junior king suite. It was very spendy because of the time of year. It was our first time in new york and i did alot of research. I was very pleased with my decision. We always stay in 4 and 5 star hotels. The Michelangelo was a very nice place. The room was very nice and consisted of a couch and 2 chairs and then a desk and king bed. The bathroom was very nice and it had a very deep soaking tub which was very nice. Upon arrival they brought us some roses and some chocolates along with a bottle of wine which was very nice. I had requested a quiet room and ours was on the 3rd floor and very quiet and dark which was fine with me. We slept very well because of it..altho i do agree that the heat/cooling fan kicking on and off all night was kind of loud. It did occasionally disturb our sleep. Cant comment on the free breakfast cause it ended every morning at nine and we were never up and ready that early :-) The conceierge was very friendly and helpful too. Housekeeping was wonderful and the rooms were very clean. The best part however was the location!! I was so pleased to find out that we could walk to rockefeller center, walk to 5th avenue, walk to times square, and also walk to several broadway theaters! It was also easy to walk to a subway station nearby which we did one day. I highly recomend this hotel if you are looking for a hotel in easy walking distance of everything. We also stayed one night at the trump hotel and that was very nice too however i believe that the michelangelo beats it for location. There is also a ruths chris steak house right next door to the michelangelo and also Ellens stardust Diner is very close too. We walked to the beauty and the beast theater, the radio city music hall for the xmas spectacular, the phantom of the opera theater, and we didnt go to these but noticed that the color purple and mama mia were even closer to the michelangelo so its excellent for broadway shows.  I would stay at this hotel again if we ever go back.	
Dec 14 2006	At this price there's much better choices	This was our third or fourth (and final) stay at the Michelangelo. Our previous stays, over the course of recent years, suggested something of a decline in both service and physical plant, and unfortunately that decline has continued. We were upgraded (for a fee) to a better suite for two nights, only to find out that &quot;upgraded&quot; meant essentially a new coat of paint on the walls. Just about everything else in the room was showing its age, and not well. Lamps, rickety coffee tables, the bathroom, and even the light switches were something from the 1980s, if not before. Clean, yes. Quiet and worth the price, no (the HVAC system sounds like it must have when this was the Taft Hotel generations ago). And forget about the free continental breakfast, unless you like artery-clogging sweet rolls (no fruit or such) and coffee that can only be consumed in the lobby area, and not in your room. (There is still, by the way, no restaurant on the premises, since Lemoncello closed a long time ago). There are clearly better choices in NYC.	
Dec 2 2006 	Perfect Location! Beautiful NY Hotel!	My wife and I stayed in the Michelangelo for 3 nights in May '06 and we had a wonderful time. I have read some of the other reviews and picked the Michelangelo as a result of research done on this site. The reviews are correct, the hotel is clean and the rooms are spacious. I am writing this reivew in December so it has been some time since we were there. The hotel is in a perfect location especially if you are in town to see a Broadway show. It is within walking distance to Times Square, Madison Sq Garden, the subway and plenty of shopping. The staff was adaquate and the complimentary breakfast was nice (although we spent most mornings at Starbucks around the corner). I have posted some pics of our room enjoy!	
Nov 27 2006 	Loved the Michaelangelo	Our family of four stayed at the Michaelangelo Nov 8-12, 2006. We very much enjoyed all aspects of the hotel. Service from front desk, concierge and bellmen was very professional and pleasant, the small lobby and bar area were very nice and we enjoyed the music during cocktail hour. Our junior suite on the 3rd floor was surprisingly quiet considering it faced 6th Avenue. We liked the room--well appointed and comfortable beds. Had a problem with the heating system first night but it was promptly fixed and didn't recur. Excellent location near (but not too near!) Times Square, Central Park and Rockefeller Center. We'd definitely stay here again.	
Nov 15 2006	Best location in Manhattan	We stayed at the Michelangelo Hotel 10/27/06 - 11/1/06 and loved every minute of our stay. The location was the best in Manhattan - close to theater, shopping &amp; many tourist sights, but off 7th Ave so the rooms are quiet. We were on the 3rd floor &amp; seldom heard any traffic noise.The room was well-sized and comfortable while the hotel lobby &amp; lounge were beautiful and luxurious.For the most part during our stay, the weather was warmer than we expected and we appreciated having full control of the air conditioner in the room. It was automatic, similar to central air conditioning units in our home in Texas, so it cycled on and off to maintain the desired temperature.And the tub! I'm normally a shower person, but couldn't resist taking some long soaks in the HUGE tub. What a way to relax from a long day of sightseeing!I loved this hotel &amp; will stay here again when I next visit NYC.	
Nov 8 2006 	Fabulous Stay at the Michelangelo	We travelled to NYC with another couple. It was &quot;my job&quot; to find a great place to stay! I, of course, looked through TripAdvisor at the many hotels. I wanted at least a AAA Four-Diamond property. I found so many positive comments about the Michelangelo, I wanted to pursue that. It was the perfect location as has been mentioned in many of the reviews. One place that didn't seem to be mentioned, it is only about a five-minute walk to Central Park! I went every single morning for a nice little run. I booked early on and found a great deal for extended stays. We were staying for nine days. I booked directly with Virginia at the Hotel. She was so kind and so helpful. This was my first impression of the staff at the Hotel -- that it was great. Each and every contact we had with the staff was wonderful. The concierge was helpful, the housekeeping accommodating and thorough, and the front desk people very nice and very helpful. Even the doormen were pleasant and helped us get cabs if we needed them.Our rooms were on the fifth and seventh floors, away from the elevators. We had zero view, but I really didn't care because it was so amazingly quiet. The room was very nicely appointed and the bed was so comfortable. Even the pillows were high quality. We were both in Junior Suites and found there to be adequate closets and drawers. There was even a nice little vanity outside of the bathroom. The air conditioner was a bit noisy, but didn't make a huge difference. We weren't wild about the &quot;breakfast&quot; because it was all sweet and none of us do real well with just sweets at breakfast. So we only took advantage of that one day. The lobby was lovely, small, very inviting. Each evening there was live music which was so nice. We had drinks in the lobby one evening and it was very comfortable. I feel like I should complain about something, but there really was nothing to complain about. I will definitely stay at The Michelangelo again!	
Nov 5 2006	Great Location	I stayed here for a business trip. Overall, it is in a great location, close to Times Square and subway stop, making it easy to get around NYC. I had an interior facing room, which was nice and quiet for a NYC hotel room given its location. My only complaint was the heating unit made a bit of noise and the shower didn't drain fast enough. The service is ok. The front desk personnel try to be helpful, but they were not efficient, for example it took about 10 minutes to check-in, I was originally told that my room wasn't ready by one person and a second person handed me a key. Overall a decent stay at a great location.	
Oct 31 2006 	Perfect Location Good Hotel Average Service	It's all been said in one way or another in the previous reviews but here's my take. For Broadway, Times Sqaure and Rockefeller Plaza, there is no better location. We were going to the Late Show and also wanted to check out GMA and The Today Show so it was perfect.The Hotel itself is nice. A smaller lobby allows for a more intimate feel that I appreciate in such a busy place as NYC. The rooms are on the larger side and clean. No iron in the room was odd but the staff delivered it to me quickly (after they finally picked up the phone). The rooms are nice but nothing spectacular. I have stayed in hotels considered to be on the same 4-5 star level with nicer, more luxurious rooms. Like mentioned in other reviews, we too had a dark room but that was fine, it was quiet, on a high floor and away from the elevator as I had requested. The free breakfast is fine-hey, it's free so I'm not going to complain. The late checkout of 1:00 is spectacular. We also checked in over an hour early without any hassle whatsoever.The staff was just okay, nothing to write home about. I would expect a higher level from what appears to be a slightly more sophisticated establishment but for $240/night, again, I ain't complainin'. Compared to the service level at lets say......the NY Palace- apples to oranges.It's a slightly above average hotel at a fair price in a sweet spot- recommended.	
Oct 29 2006 	Wonderful hotel in Midtown Manhattan	Two couples traveling togther on holiday thought this was a wonderful hotel convenient to theaters, Carnegie Hall and Lincoln Center. The usual mix of business travelers during the week and families on the weekend. Large rooms, very clean but the decor is looking a little worn. No dining except for coffee/tea/milk and pastries for breakfast. Staff provided excellent service from the front door to housekeeping. You can find better hotels for a lot more money, but Michelangelo is hard to beat in its price range.	
Oct 29 2006 	European style boutique hotel--delightful stay	Our friends met us in NYC for a theatre weekend and booked us into the Michelangelo. We are from NYC originally, and come in from CT often, so we have had many varied hotel experiences over the years:from the Plaza to the Royalton, We were very pleasantly surprised and pleased. Our friends arrived first, and received an upgrade on both our rooms to a Jr. Suite. Our suite was quite spacious, well appointed, quiet and sound proof. Our room was tastefully decorated as were the halls and the lobby area. All rugs were plush, and everything had a feel of quality, not like cheap hotel furnishings. We overlooked 51st Street, but heard no street noise.There were blackout shades in addition to shears and curtains, wonderfully dark and quiet for a good night sleep. Toiletries were nice, service was quick and pleasant. Yhere was a complimentary shoe shine, but we didn't notice until it was too late to avail ourselves of it. The chocolates and turndown service as well as the morning NY Times, were signs of a first class hotel. Morning continental breakfast was an added plus, and included cappucino or espresso. We truly felt as if we were in Itlay! The location was wonderful, as we had tickets to &quot;Wicked&quot; which was less than a block away. Le Bernardin and China Grill are both within a couple of blocks and are highly &quot;Zagat rated&quot; restaurants. The MOMA is only a couple of blocks away as well and Carnegie Hall, Rockefeller Center and Lincoln Center are within walking distance. We had a wonderful stay and would definitely return to the Michelangelo.	
Oct 29 2006 	Michelangelo is a great place to stay	We stayed at the Michelangelo for a total 12 nights in October. One visit for 7 nights and a second for 5 nights. We had read great reviews of the hotel and it certainly lived up to everything we had read. The hotel is in a great location and within walking distance of Broadway, several subway stations and many restaurants. We even walked to the Empire State building and the Museam of American History. The rooms are a great size, comfortable and clean. We had the complimentary breakfast on two mornings and ate out on the other mornings. I would highly recommend the Michelangelo and would certainly stay there again	
Oct 23 2006 	Loved the Michelangelo..will stay again	My Husband and I have just returned from our 6 day stay at the Michelangelo. Having read reviews at a number of internet sites I decided this was the hotel I wanted to stay at for our first ever trip to New York. I had to convince our travel agent to book the Michelangelo as it's not listed in any travel brochures in Australia. We were not disappointed. When we arrived after our long flight from Sydney the staff were very understanding and helpful. Our Executive room was spacious, very quiet and just lovely with a nice view over 7th ave. Added touches were the daily weather forecast ( in celsius), chocolates on the turned down bed and newspaper delivered to the door. The complimentary breakfast of pastries, muffins and coffee was a wonderful start to the day. The Michelangelo is so conveniently located. It's walking distance to Times Square, Madison Sq Garden, the subway and all the shopping areas. The only thing lacking from the room was tea &amp; coffee making facilites, but then Starbucks is on the next corner or there is room service. We will certainly be staying at the Michelangelo next time we visit New York!!!	
Oct 19 2006 	Great Location; friendly staff!	We chose this hotel for my wife's 50th birthday, and, thanks to tripadvisor, we made a grear choice! Small enough to be personal, yet well equiped and friendly. The position is excellent for midtown. Surrounded by great restaurants, it is situated between 5th Avenue and Broadway, and all the major sights and shops can be managed on foot. Special thanks to David James and Walter - concierges who really know their Manhattan and were able to recommend great restaurants for any cuisine or budget.We are looking forward to going back already!	
Oct 18 2006 	Great Value in an Upscale Hotel!	We just returned from a five day stay at the Michelangelo. First, when making the reservation, their web site states that they will match any offers found on travel web sites. We contacted them directly and they did follow through. Our rate averaged $289/night, having made the reservation 5 months in advance. This allows a 24 hour cancellation. The hotel is well located, within 5 blocks of Times Square, Radio City, and 4 subway stations. The staff was very friendly and efficient. We had reserved their smallest room but found it enormous, luxurious, and well appointed. Our room faced 51 street, and there was some mild street noise. Surprisingly, they also include a &quot;breakfast&quot; with small sweet rolls, muffins, coffee, tea, and cappuchino, that became a little overwhelmed near its termination. They do have a very limited exercise room with a stair stepper, treadmill, stationary bike, and some free weights. New york city and international newspapers are complimentary daily. Their restaurant is being renovated but they still have a room service menu that we did not use. A 24 hour restaurant/grocery is next door at Cafe Duke. Easily a four star hotel.	
Oct 15 2006 	Loved The Michelangelo	My husband and I have just returned from a wonderful five night stay at The Michelangelo Hotel. The location was centrally locatedand it was especially nice being able to walk to The Gershwin Theater where we saw &quot;Wicked&quot;. The staff was most helpful with restaurant recommendations and reservations and other helpful information. The large rooms were elegantly decorated and were very quiet. We were able to rest comfortably in the large king-size bed and did not hear any outside noise which we appreciated. In fact, on the first morning we missed the Italian style breakfast since we had overslept since the room was so quiet. The hotel provides cappucino, coffee, tea, rolls, muffins, pastries, and fruit from 7-9 a.m. weekdays and also on weekends in the lobby. We would definitely stay at The Michelangelo again since it was within walking distance of many museums, restaurants and other attractions. If you love to shop, 5th Ave. is conveniently located. The subway and bus stops are also conveniently located. The restaurant was being remodeled so we didn't get to sample any of the food there.	
Oct 11 2006 	Great Hotel!	I had read about the Michelangelo on Trip Advisor after seeing the great rates on Orbitz. The reviews were accurate and we think this hotel is a gem. Great rate for a hotel I would call almost luxurious. Big rooms (by NYC standards) lots of room amenities and very nice. No view - who stays in their room looking out the window when you're in NYC... We would definitely stay here again. We were also with our two year old daughter. They were very accomodating and are one of the few hotels we've stayed in with her where they provided a toddler size blanket along with a clean, nice crib and proper sheeting.	
Oct 9 2006 	Nice location not so nice room	My wife and I stayed here earlier this year and as it was her first time in the Big Apple, I wanted something in west midtown to be close to a lot of the atractions we had in mind.In that respect the hotel was everything we could hope for. It is a short / medium (and very nice) walk away from Radio City, Rockefeller Centre, Carnegie Deli, Central Park, Times Square, Grand Central Station, etcWe were given a large room (one of their biggest), but had to change the next day as it was so dark. We thought the weather had taken a turn for the worse then realised the only window faced a long &amp; wide brick wall that was just a few feet away. We were moved to a street facing room, but this was considerably smaller.We originally booked as an Executive room and I think it should have been mentioned that it would be an &quot;internal&quot; room with next to no natural light.On the one evening we returned early (before 2am), we were a little disappointed to find the bar shutting early (we just wanted a cup of tea or coffee before retiring).Overall, it is a good hotel which I would consider staying in again. Having stayed at the Parker Medridien, Marriot and Hilton previously, I'd say it is second only to the Hilton Towers	
Oct 4 2006	Wonderful stay as usual	Another delightful time for us at Michelangelo - we're in NYC several times a year and have been staying here for past six years. Excellent location, beautiful and large rooms, responsive staff - they treat us like family. No need to stay anywhere else.	
Sep 14 2006 	OK But Not Excellent	I made my second visit to The Michelangelo for one night on September 13, 2006. I travel to NYC on business from time to time throghout the year and chose the Michelangelo for this short trip as the hotels I usually stay at for business (Intercontinental Barclay, Omni Berkshire, The Regency) were priced in the $600-$800 per night range. Obviously, demand for hotel rooms was high on that date but, honestly, I can't even bring myself to spend someone else's money at that rate for a hotel room. By comparison, the $395 rate I paid at The Michelangelo was within reason.After my second stay, I still came away from the experience with the same feeling as my first visit. It was just OK. Not that it was bad; it was just OK.Check in was a breeze and I was in my corner executive room in mere minutes. Hallways and elevators were very clean. I saw no discarded room service trays or carts in the hallways. I like that. The room was very large, by any city's standards, and was very clean except for a muted stain on the floor between the two queen beds. Someone had tried their very best to clean it but a slight stain was still visible (probably red wine and I realize you can't do much about that). The room had three windows and was quite pleasant. The vaulted ceilings were a nice touch as well. I was on the fourth floor (Rm. 415) and noticed very little noise from 7th Avenue. Contrary to prior reviews, my air conditioning unit was noisy but not to the point where it impeded my sleep. The bed was very comfortable and I slept very well.I was amazed, however, at the size and quality of the television. I opened the doors of the very nice amoire and found a Wal-Mart quality television that was, at the very most, 20 inches. Picture and sound quality were, unfortunately, exactly what you would expect. Here's where the air conditioning comes into play. When the air conditioning would cycle on, I would have to turn the TV volume up and, consequently turn it back down when the air conditioning would shut off. A minor annoyance but still an annoyance. Prices of flat panel TV's are dropping like a rock. If The Michelangelo wants to compete in this space, they need to upgrade their televisions immediately. Again, not a huge deal but still an annoyance. I did not use the in-room internet connection and I don't know if Wi-Fi is available.The bathroom was spotless and the closet was quite large. Good stuff.&quot;Breakfast&quot; was included in my room rate and consisted of tasty little pastries, a bowl of apples, tea and coffee. I don't drink coffee or tea so some juice or bottled water would have been nice. And, as I think of it, some cups of yogurt would have been a plus. Again, just OK. The only real downside to breakfast was that there was no tray for used dishes and napkins and no staff were present to keep the area clean so people were forced to leave their dishes to pile up on coffee tables and side tables in the sitting area of the lobby near the food. For the limited amount of time that the breakfast is available, having staff clean the area is really a must have. I did not use the hotel restaurant, bar or room service.Check out went very smoothly, my bill was correct and I was on my way.Would I stay there again? Yes, but only if I am again faced with the huge price disparity between The Michelangelo and the other hotels I usually visit. Typically, the difference is rates is negligible. Not long after I made my reservation, the room rate at The Michelangelo increased to the going rate. I was considering staying an additional night, but was told the $395 rate was not available for the second night. The same room would have been an additional $300 for the second night. Just being OK, The Michelangelo isn't worth $695 in my opinion. Who knows, maybe somebody paid it. It just wasn't going to be me.I realize this is not the Ritz Carlton or Four Seasons but the little things really do add up. The Michelangelo has a good base from which to build, they just need to button a few things up.	
Sep 10 2006 	Still Wonderful!	My husband and I along with another couple spent a wonderful weekend here at The Michaelangelo. This was our second visit here and everything was still wonderful. When we arrived early, our room was ready and we even received an upgrade to a junior suite. It was a very spacious living room/bedroom combination. One surprising observation upon unpacking was the lack of drawer space. There was also no safe in the room, no ironing board and iron, and no coffee pot. Continental breakfast is served in the lounge until 10:30 on weekends. The hotel is in a great location just minutes from the theatres. We come to Manhattan often and we would definitely stay here again!	
Aug 26 2006 	Nothing Special	I booked the Michaelangelo for a recent business trip and was not bowled over. The reviews here made it sound much better than it was. I stayed 5 nights in an &quot;Executive&quot; room. It was very large for a NY hotel room. The decor was fine - nice, but nothing notable. The television was very small - I'm guessing 20 inches. That just doesn't cut it in today's hotel market, in my mind. The bathroom was clean, shower head was adequate, and it was decorated nicely with lots of granite/stone. My room was very very noisy. I was on the 5th floor and faced onto 51st Street. I did not ask to move because I don't think the 7th Ave side would have been any better. And whoever wrote that the airconditioning units are noisy is right - I ended up turning the thermostat way down during the day so the room was freezing when I got in at night and just tried to stay comfortable under the covers. The bed was comfortable, but again - nothing notable. The bedspread was a little past its prime (and I thought about the reviewer who said it used to have buttons that have since all disappeared - mine was the same way!!!) I recently stayed at the Sofitel and would definitely recommend it over the MIchaelangelo if you want to stay on the West side. All in all - nothing is wrong with the Michaelangelo - it just doesn't deserve to be ranked where it is on Trip Advisor.	
Aug 22 2006	Michelangelo was the best!	After reading the reviews on the Michaelangelo on the Travel Advisor website, I contacted the hotel directly. We only spent one night there, but it was wonderful. The hotel is beautiful, the staff friendly and helpful - we were upgraded- and the rooms very large. Continental breakfast was included, though without juice. The location is perfect - close to everything. We parked in the lot next door for $28 - what a bargain. We will definitely stay at the Michaelangelo on our next, hopefully longer, visit to the Big Apple.	
Aug 18 2006	WONDERFUL THREE DAYS	Our stay at the Michelangelo Hotel was a wonderful experience.When we arrived at the hotel we were greeted with a warm smile by the Uniformed doorman. Again, the same warn greeting from the front desk. We arrive early and we were told that we could check in early.Upon entering our room, it was very big and decorated in a Neoclassic style. With a King size bed, waiting/seating area, large bath room w/color TV, Large bathtub,and was really clean.At night when my husband and I return to our room, we would find the bed turn back and candy on the nite table. Our first night there, we received a box of candy and a personal note thanking us for choosing The Michelangelo Hotel.The Maid service was twice a day, and each time clean towels were replaced with new one. This hotel is located in walking distance of everything, Time Square, Theatre, Shopping, Rockefellow Center,Good Resturants. Each day the friendly Doorman was very helpful.We really did enjoy our stay at this hotel. Everyone was just wonderful. We will stay there again.	
Aug 13 2006 	Mixed Impression--really a 3.5 out of 5 rating	Recent Stay: 8/1 -8/3/06 Requested Early check-in and was able to get it! ( a REAL plus since we arrived in NYC on a day when the temp was 107 degrees outside!)Pros: Good location for several theaters, Radio City Music Hall as well as St. Patrick's Church and Rockefeller Center; comfortable beds; quiet; 1 p.m. checkout (in contrast to 10 - noon checkouts); reasonably priced food available nearby in 'City' cafeteria; clean overall--I really liked the turn down service because they replenish towels, sundries, etc. Cons: Couldn't really enjoy the large tub since the drain plug did not/would not work--they tried to fix, but they were NOT successful. I decided at some point that calling again/waiting again for the maintenance people was taking up too much time, and it just wasn't worth the trouble. Breakfast really isn't that great--pastries were average at best. Bedspread worn/torn (patched in places); no ironing board or safe in room; no hotel restaurant availableLastly, no one said anything to us the entire time (I guess this could be a pro? or a con?) but frankly, it just left me w/ the impression that they didn't care. Only minimal conversation at check-in and even less at check-out--you know, just sign the slip.Bottom Line: I liked the Hilton Times Square (42nd St.) better.	
Aug 4 2006 	A Wonderful Experience	My daughter and I stayed at the Michelangelo for two nights in late May. It is a beautiful, high class operation. Even though we booked a bargain internet room, we were upgraded to a junior suite. The room was incredibly spacious, well decorated, and the bed was extremely comfortable. The bathroom was luxurious, with marble everywhere and brass fixtures. The entire stay, our room was spotlessly maintained. Every request from the front desk was met with immediate response. The staff were friendly and greeted us graciously everytime we encountered them. We did not eat the breakfast, opting for our favorite restaurants elsewhere, but the rolls and coffee looked good and plentiful. I would definitely recommend the Michelangelo. We visit New York often, and this is the most luxurious place we have stayed.	
Jul 30 2006	NOT a Four Star Experience	My wife and I just returned from a one-night stay at the Michaelangelo Hotel off 7th Ave. in Manhattan. We chose the hotel due to it's &quot;four star&quot; ratings at hotels[--], and the location close to the theater district. The reviews played up the European/Italian atmosphere and service.Here is what we received for our $350+...My chief concern was the noise factor in Manhattan, but I was told that we would be given a 5th floor room upon our morning arrival to check our bags. We saw a show and did some shopping, came back to check-in, and were told that we now had a 4th floor room. Not a big deal, but not a good start, either.Our toilet was non-functional, the handle was dangling from the tank. There was a bedspread that had previously had buttons on it, but they had all been torn off at some point.There were burn marks in the carpet near the bedside.The curtains did not fully extend across the windows, allowing a lot of light into the room at night and making it very difficult to sleep.We were told there were irons in each room - we had to call for one.The TV was a 13&quot; Philips with the color so badly skewed it was nearly unwatchable. Needless to say, the sound was also horrible. We have seen better TV's in Microtel's.The free coffee and breakfast was only until 9am.Nobody asked us how our stay was, nor did they seem to care.We have traveled for together for over 30 years, and my wife agreed with me that the Michaelangelo Hotel is at the bottom of our list as far as value is concerned. We have stayed in MUCH better places for a fraction of the cost - even in Manhattan!	
Jul 24 2006	Really enjoyed the Michelangelo	I read the reviews for the Michelangelo and decided to book the room. Only stayed for a weekend night, but really liked the location, the staff, the large room and the free coffee and pastries in the morning. Plus the room was really clean, and I'm pretty picky. Would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 23 2006	Perfect spot	My husband and I recently had a quick trip to New York City and stayed at the Michaelangelo hotel for 5 nights. We found this hotel to be in a perfectly central location, close to Time Square, Broadway and 5th Avenue and useful tube stations. The hotel was beautiful, luxurious, very clean and quiet and we were upgraded to a larger room on arrival. The free breakfast was very sad, just tea, coffee and soggy pastries and if you wanted juice you had to pay for it. But there are so many cafes with good breakfasts close by. I would definately recommend this hotel if you can find a good last minute price.	
Jul 18 2006	Great Hotel Great Location.	We stayed here over Easter 06. I had used the hotel years ago for business and wanted to use it again whilst on holiday.It is well worth the extra money against what might seem like similar hotels to stay here. The standard rooms are amongst the largest in NY, whilst the junior suite we had was superb. A great standard of decor and service, with a nice ambience.The location is great - easy walking distance for Broadway and Central Park. Plenty of Starbucks nearby for the coffee/muffin top up.	
Jul 12 2006	Excellent Michelangelo	My wife and I stayed at The Michelangelo 25-30 May 2006. Our first visit to NYC and we were not disappointed. The location is close enough to everything that you might want in the way of shopping with Fifth Avenue a short stroll away.Times Square is also only around the corner(a block or so away). Having had a look at a few hotels whilst in NYC we found that this was an excellent choice.Whilst we were there the restaurant was closed under refurbishment but this was not an issue as we planned to eat out every evening.NYC was a great experience with only one down side - and that is for my wife they do not cater for vegetarians. The response was &quot;but you eat fish?&quot; which she doesn't. This did not affect our thoughts of NYC or The Michelangelo and would definitely recommend staying here. Also I would recommend a restaurant called &quot;Remy&quot; which is close by (recommended by the concierge James Jolis) which was excellent too.	
Jul 12 2006	Excellent Hotel	Having recently returned from a 9 day stay at this hotel I have no complaints what so ever.This is a clean hotel well sized rooms and well located and friendly staff.We checked in a little early and as a party of four in two rooms found one was not quite ready and asked to wait 20 - 30 minutes. We were to have rooms next to each other but when we went to get the keys to the second room they had given it to some one else, so full of apologies we were given a larger room very nice (but the room we had booked would have been plenty big enough size wise).As for the toiletries some one complained about in an earlier review, it says imported, and that’s what you get, or party in the smaller room had toiletries from Taylors of London we had those and some Bulgari as well. We didn’t have a hairdryer in the first room so they borrowed ours, buy I’m sure if we need two, a phone call to housekeeping would have got them one. If you require an iron &amp; ironing board again ask housekeeping.The breakfast was as described pastries and coffee, which there were plenty and lasted the whole time, and you can take coffee back to the rooms just ask for coffee to take away they don't mind.Would recommend this Hotel gladly. Having said that two years ago stayed at the Sheraton New York Hotel &amp; Towers literally just around the corner a little more expensive but if I went back I think I’d prefer to stay there, similar size and quality of rooms, but a more modern busier hotel with plenty of areas for coffee, meals &amp; drinks. Pay a little more for a club room and you get free breakfast (plenty of choice) and horderves.If you don't like busy then go to The Michelangelo.One last thing forget the Empire State Building go to ‘Top of The Rock’, less busy, better views from three floors, two levels with large Perspex screens and the top level only has a small fence, you get to see Central Park &amp; the Empire State Building. Also check out the Campbell Apartments for (pricey) Cocktails, very nice.	
Jul 10 2006	We loved the Michelangelo!!!	We loved the Michelangelo----From the time we got off of our shuttle to the time we checked out, the stay was excellet!! We were greeted by the doorman who carried our luggage to the front desk where we were informed that we had been upgraded to a junior treat....what a treat. We had a special rate of $195 which was incredible for a hotel of this quality and location in NYC. The room was beautiful, the beds comfortable and the location of the hotel couldn't have been better. If you are looking for a hotel near the theater district, central park and shopping, this is it!! We also received a map and information from the helpful and friendly concierge. There was a little street noise, however, since we were on the third floor, it wasn't disturbing. We had no trouble getting elevators when we needed one.We thought the breakfast was fine. They offered several varieties of tea, coffee, cappucino, expesso and all kinds of pastries as well as fresh apples. In the evenings, they had a trio which played in the lobby where they also had a nice, comfortable lounge where you could hang out. Another thing we liked about the hotel was that it was not stuffy---most of the guests we noticed were tourists like ourselves and were very friendly and nice as well.When it was time to leave, we received a late check out---their regular checkout time is 1:00 which is also very nice. They kept our bags in the bellman's room until we were ready to leave late in the afternoon.We highly recommend this hotel and would stay again in a heartbeat. Be sure to ask for any specials on the rooms....you have to ask.	
Jul 10 2006	Honesty And Excellant 	Stay 7/1-7/8-06Every thing was just as displayed on web siteVery large room,.clean room hotel is spotlessStaff is top notch,breakfest in lobby very goodAll of the items i requested were doneWhen i checked out on 7/8/06 i left my camera on the robe hook in the bathroom and did not remember until i was on the plane going home,when i lande i called the hotel and they already had my camera in securityand said they would send it to my home on monday. Honesty and a great hotel what else could you ask for, this is the place to stay,thanks to all at the hotel.	
Jul 6 2006	We just have to go back!!	My Fiance &amp; I have recently come back from our first trip to NY where we stayed at The Michelangelo. We loved it!! We were on the fourth floor facing 7th and had no problem with noise and slept with no problems every night - probably due to the incredibly comfortable bed and being exhausted from sightseeing all day! We had a Junior Suite which was like having our own apartment and made all the difference to come back to and relax after a busy day. The aircon was also very welcome as NY was very hot during our stay!We had no problems with the staff, who were very helpful when we needed it, or the fact that only pastries were served for breakfast - it was complimentary afterall....I don't know how much our room cost as the entire holiday was a surpirse; booked by my 'other half' but he said it was excellent value for money for the location, size and comfort of the room and the hotel standard in general. I know that when we make a return visit to finish off our sightseeing (as we ran out of time!!) we shall definitely be staying at this hotel again.Denise &amp; Jon	
Jul 5 2006	Nice Place	My wife and I stayed at the Michelangelo Hotel for our first anniversary. The facility itself was very nice, and in a great location. We were fortunate enough to get upgraded to a Junior Suite, which was very much appreciated.The price on the hotel's website is a bit on the high side. We were able to get a rate of US$199.00 per night through Expedia. For that price, the hotel was a steal. The only issue was the staff. Very plain vanilla. Not a lot of personality. Also, the front door men were non-existent. They were not very helpful upon arriving, and equally not very helpful upon departure. Again, if you can get a rate for US$200-US$225 a night, than I would recommend the hotel. For any rate above that, there are other alternatives.	
Jul 4 2006	Quality hotel	We stayed at The Michelangelo for 4 nights in June 06. The place has quality written all over it. From the moment you enter the marble foyer, you know you are somewhere special. It is within 10 minutes walk of Times Square and Theatre District, which is fairly tacky but, if you are seeing a show, that's where you need to be. However, 10 minutes in the opposite direction takes you to beautiful Central Park. The Rockefeller Centre (you must visit Top Of The Rock for the best views of all of Manhattan) and Radio City Music Hall are just around the corner. There are 2 nearby subway stations that take you virtually anywhere in the city. The area itself felt very safe. The rooms are large and well equipped. The bathtub is an experience in itself. The lobby's continental breakfast is more than adequate but the Europa Cafe and Cafe Duke are just yards away if you want something more up to late in the evening. Also. don't miss Heartland Brewery across the street. They brew and serve a number of their own beers and they were excellent. You can get a tray with a small sample of 9 different beers for around 12 dollars. The hotel staff are extremely courteous and helpful. There was only one problem with our stay. On the first night we were in a room at the front of the hotel and we couldn't sleep because of the traffic noise. We asked if we could be moved and were given a room in the interior section of the hotel that was perfectly quiet. New York is a noisy city so, if you need your sleep, ask for an interior room. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jun 27 2006	Absolutely Loved This Hotel	I booked a stay at this hotel based on other reviewers comments from this website and, I've got to say, they were right on target. This hotel was wonderful - the room are so large, the bathroom was wonderful (loved the soaking tub), we were close to both the subway system and the playhouse where we were going and, the best thing of all - was the price. I had booked about two months in advance and this hotel quoted rates that were substantially less than all the other hotels in the area. And, I might add having stayed in some of these other hotels, this hotel was the best of all of them. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone looking to stay in Manhattan. Thanks tripadvisor for helping us out and making believers of us!	
Jun 26 2006 	My Favorite NY Hotel	I have stayed in before at the Plaza and the New York Palace, this was BY FAR my favorite New York Hotel - the staff was pleasant, they had free internet in the lobby, which we were able to print out our boarding passes for our departure, and an included breakfast of pastries, apples, and coffees - the best cappuccino I've had since actually being in Italy. Our room was HUGE! We basically had a nice apartment for a weekend while in New York. The room was suprisingly quiet, which is amazing since we were on the third floor on the corner where 51st and 7th Ave meet - I could only hear a couple of muted honks here and there - but when the A/C kicked on I heard nothing at all! We had friends staying at the same time and checked out their room, totally different, a little smaller, but two bathrooms, and the room was equally fantastic! I would hesitate to stay anywhere else in NY after this.	
Jun 22 2006	Excellent value at the Michelangelo	We stayed at The Michelangelo for three nights, June 2-4, 2006, and had a lovely visit. Our room was large by NYC standards, clean and quiet. All of the amenities were up to snuff, the shower and tub were wonderful, and for $250/night in midtown Manhattan we felt we got a bargain. The only complaint was the housekeeping staff didn't stock our room with the advertised Bulgari toiletries...but they may do that at turn down and we kept the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign on our door in the evenings.The location was ideal, we felt, due to its proximity to Times Square and the Theater District, two subway lines, MoMA, Fifth Avenue, and Central Park - not to mention the steady stream of taxicabs. We never had to wait for a cab and would pass other hotels where people were waiting.The complimentary breakfast was good, about what I expected. I had read on TripAdvisor that the staff was nasty about guests taking coffee and pastries up to their rooms, but I never saw that. One caveat - I don't feel they should advertise that they're offering capuccino when, in fact, they are merely ladling frothy steam milk onto a regular cup of coffee. The best thing, however, about the Michelangelo is James the concierge. He found us fourth-row-center tickets to Spamalot (Katherina McPhee of American Idol was sitting behind us), arranged for our transportation to the airport, gave us free passes to two nightclubs (Crobar and Pasha) and made sure the champagne on arrival in our room was the right bottle and nicely chilled. James alone is worth staying at this hotel. The staff is helpful and accommodating without being obtrusive. We would definitely stay here again, especially at this rate!	
Jun 21 2006	my favorite hotel in New York	I'm spoiled. I can't stay at another hotel in New York anymore. If you are a fan of European, or more specifically. Italian luxury hotels, yet appreciate service, this is the place you want to check out. The Michelangelo is the only U.S. hotel owned by this group that has hotels throughout Italy. The location is convenient to seeing a Broadway show: 51st &amp; 7th. However, it is still convenient for business or a shopping expedition. One word of caution for laptop users: during my last stay, they still did not have wireless internet in the rooms. The bar, off to the side of the lobby, is in typical European style. The bartenders remember regular visitors. And, I have yet to have a drink there without getting into a conversation with someone interesting (not the place to go if you want to have a drink by yourself and not talk to anyone). During my last visit, the hotel restaurant was still closed and under construction (after 2 years?!), but there are enough great retaurants near by or a short cab ride away that I haven't found this to be a problem. Some people might be put off by the 18th century Italian paintings and furniture (ornate) in the lobby. The rooms are beautifully decorated (i.e. for anyone except fans of ultra-modern). If you want a quieter room, you should request one that does not face 7th, since it is a busy street at all hours. The Michelangelo is not the most expensive hotel in New York...however, it is not inexpensive either. If you're looking for &quot;cheap&quot; and your New York attire consists of shorts, t-shirts and a fanny pack (shudder), this is definitely NOT the hotel for you.	
Jun 18 2006	So Noisy!	This hotel is in a great location - but as such it couldnt be noisier! While the rooms were nice enough, nothing spectatular, we couldnt sleep because of the traffic noise. When we spoke to the manager, he was very unhelpful, said all the rooms were like that and gave us foam earplugs! I couldnt beleive it! We were originally booked to say there 12 nights, but checked out after 3 because of lack of sleep!Also, the reception staff were useless with local knowledge, and James the Concierge - who does know what he is doing - is only there after 11.30 on some days. When he is not there nobody seems to know anything.	
Jun 12 2006	great room slept soundly	My husband and I just spent 7 nights at the hotel and loved it. Great location, large room, nice bedding, turn down service, very clean and the staff were very friendly. Yes the air conditioning was loud but it didn't bother us (we didn't have to use it much). I wish they would have had more selection at breakfast - just pastries and coffee. I'm not going to start every day eating pastries so we found a great place across the street where we grabbed a bagel. I would definitely stay and this hotel again.	
Jun 10 2006	Most comfortable bed	My daughter and I have just returned home to Wisconsin from a 3 day 3 night stay at the Michelangelo in NYC. It was a beautiful hotel with a great location. We were close to the theatres and TImes Square as well as restaurants etc. The room was spacious and the bed was the most comfortable I have ever had in a hotel, just like home. The service was excellent. We couldn't have chosen better. It is a bit pricey, but worth it. The restaurant was closed for renovations during our stay, so we did not get to sample the cuisine.We even experienced a ride to LaQuardia with the singing cab driver, who, he says, frequently picks up clients of the Michelangelo, many of them repeat guests.All in all, a trip made special by a special hotel and staff.	
Jun 1 2006	Average	Stayed in this hotel in late May just before Memorial weekend. If you get a good price its a nice hotel but if you pay normal rate it is only ok value for money. It claims to be a 5 star hotel but it is certainly not that, but it is a good 4 star hotel. The rooms are big for New York standards and the bath tub is extra large. The rooms are double glazed but do not have a further interior window to soundproof the street noise like most NY 4star and up hotels do. So if you have a room overlooking the street you can hear all the traffic sirens etc so sleep will be an issue. Also the air conditioning as mentioned by other reviews is noisy and switches on and off rather than being constant. You mighn't think much of this and we ignored this factor but it really is noisy and will wake you up if you leave it on. Also the fitness room is non existant as the machines are extremely old and most don't work. The location is great if you are a first time visitor to NY as it is near Times Sq, Theatre district etc. However if you have been before it is nicer to stay a bit more over toward park or 5th ave and a bit nearer the park too like 53rd or higher. Broadway and Times Sq can be a bit grimy.	
Jun 1 2006	Lovely Hotel	We recently stayed in The Michealangelo Hotel and we were very pleased with the whole experience.Hotel location is good, room was large and clean and had all you wanted in a hotel room.Staff were friendly and helpful and the door men were polite and always willing to hail a cab for you.Breakfast is served in the downstairs lobby, which is a nice relaxing setting, so you can plan your day ahead.A lovely hotel, in a great location, would recommend.Gary &amp; Sarah, London, UK	
May 30 2006	Memorial Weekend Stay	We stayed at the Michelangelo for the Memorial Weekend. The room was clean, unbelievable in how much space for a Manhattan hotel. The location great for easy access to Broadway, the park, Times Square. Doormen and desk staff were responsive when approached, but not particularly helpful in general. Would have been neutral to OK for regular rack rate, but for the package/discount rate it was an excellent experience. Breakfast coffee service in the lobby was comfortable.	
May 21 2006 	Old World Style Hotel	Wonderful &quot;old world&quot; style hotel. The room was bigger than most with a very nice soaking tub in the bathroom. The staff was friendly and helpful. Great location.	
May 9 2006	Loved the Michelangelo	We just stayed here for our anniversary based on Trip Advisor reviews. It was lovely! Room was huge - we were upgraded to a king suite (I called to confirm non-smoking and mentioned the anniversary - never a bad idea!). The bathroom was gorgeous -- I loved it. We actually preferred this room to our room at The Mark which was 3 times the price. The only slight negative was that the breakfast buffet was very crowded when we went, but for the price (free!) it was good. We parked in their lot down the street (if driving on 51st it is BEFORE the hotel) and that was reasonable by NY standards. 2 subways are nearby, easy to get a cab. GREAT location. Amazing value! We will stay here again.	
May 7 2006	Great	We stay there very often due to business. The hotel is great, quite, personable. The hotel does not have the busy feel of mega hotels. Service is excellent. Room size is pretty good for Manhattan.	
May 4 2006	Exquisite	Stayed here for five nights, April 26-May 1. Absolutely fabulous, beautiful furnishings and immaculate. The rooms were large and, I understand, huge by New York standards. The service was impeccable, friendly but not pushy. They served a nice complimentary pastry/coffee breakfast in the morning. The only complaint I can come up with about the place is the surly waiter tending to the breakfast. Just one, the others were nice. I saw this guy snap at a couple of guests on different occasions. But who cares, the place was nearly flawless.	
Apr 29 2006	great hotel	I booked this hotel for a weeks to celebrate my Husband's 40th birthday, from the start the staff were very accomodating, we arrived early and our room wasn't ready, we only had to wait an hour and got an upgrade also. The room was spacious and comfortable and met all our expectations. True there is no safe in the room but boxes are available in reception with 24 hr access so it did not pose a problem.All in all a great hotel and I would not hesitate to recommend it.Tip: If you want really good views of Manhattan forget the Empire State building, go to the top of the rocks at the Rockefeller centre, that way you get more impressive views as the Empire State building is in your photos!Also use the subway its cheap and relatively easy to use.	
Apr 22 2006	Not Bad	We stayed at The Michelangelo in the beginning of April. It served as a quiet retreat to the hustles of the city. The staff was friendly enough and the maid service was excellent. If the view from your room is important, be sure to check ahead. We weren't in the room much so not that big of a deal. Good thing, since it was about 2 feet away from a brick building and that was the only thing to be seen. There is not an in-room safe. The &quot;complimentary&quot; breakfast is certainly nothing to write home about. There is a bigger selection at the La Quinta. Would consider again if got a good enough rate. Great location.	
Apr 21 2006	A comfortable and welcoming retreat	We stayed over the Easter Weekend (13th-19th April) and found The Michelangelo to be the perfect NYC base. Although very centrally and conveniently placed for many attractions, restaurants etc. walking through the entrance doors into the lobby was like embarking on a voyage on the sea of tranquility. The public areas exude an air of restrained luxury, coolness and restfulness.The front desk staff could not be faulted and the concierge James Jollis was a true gem even down to locating a dentist willing to perform his skills on Good Friday.Oue suite was spacious, elegant and very accommodating with everything that one needs.At night the lobby and bar are filled with the airs of relaxing live piano music - an ideal precursor to an evening of gastronomic discovery nearby. A highly recommended hotel.	
Apr 17 2006	Loved This Hotel	We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights in March and loved it. It has elegant old-world charm and the location can't be beat. Away from the noise and crowds of Times Square, yet close enough that we were able to walk there in 5-10 minutes. We didn't sample the Continental breakfast, so I cannot speak to that. The entire staff was very pleasant and helpful. Rooms were large and immaculate. It did not have an iron &amp; ironing board, but these were delivered promptly when requested. Overall, a very pleasant experience. I would definitely stay here again if the rate was good.	
Apr 4 2006	great hotel	Dont have one complaint to make about this hotel. Rooms first class, great size and clean. Staff great, really helpful.Breakfast is what it is cake and coffee but its a good start to the day in a fantastic location.Never got to use the gym, too busy elsewhere seeing the sights. We would definately stay there again and check out some sites as we got a good deal for this standard of hotel	
Apr 3 2006	2nd time around	this was my second trip to this wonderful hotel. i amonly giving it 4 stars this time because i had a larger room the 1st time around. the hotel room was extremely clean and roomy(the 1st time i was there ihad a walk in closet.) i am not sure if we received anice box of godiva chocolates because we were returnclients or because everyone gets this. i loved the ammenities also. the location is absolutely the best in nyc because the location is out of the major walking traffic,yet very close to the action. i would stay there again and again.love this place	
Apr 3 2006 	Wounderful	Just returned from a stay here w/my family. Everyone from the doorman to the desk staff were friendly and accomodating. This is my second time staying @ this hotel. The rooms are very clean and large. We had the room with 2 kings, and it's the perfect location. The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 was the dressing room TV did not work as well as it could have. Otherwise, everything was great. Love the european style and the fact that's it's not overwhelming. A bit pricey, but you get what you pay for.	
Mar 28 2006	Nice hotel great location	My husband and I stayed at this hotel one night prior to our two week cruise and one night after the conclusion of our cruise. We picked the hotel due to its location (halfway between the airport and the pier) and its website. The price was about the same as the cruiseline was offering for the Holiday Inn Midtown. We thought this hotel looked more interesting and it was. Very pretty lobby that looks just like the photographs on their website. Our first room was very nice, roomy, painted yellow and white, no view, quiet, and had a dressing/makeup area which was nice. We checked in after 6 p.m. and the room was already turned down. The hotel manager that night made us reservations at a local italian restaurant, Remi's, which was casual and excellent. On our return trip two weeks later, we were told we were 'upgraded' but the second room (which we paid a higher rate for) was actually smaller in size (both the room and the bathroom) with no dressing area and was right by the elevators which did not turn out to be too noisy. It was painted eggshell with black trim and furnishings. It had multiple shelves of old books which had been bought at a sale. The front desk clerk made us dinner reservations at Ruby Foos which was very good. We also made arrangements to see Mamma Mia at the Winter Garden Theater directly across the street on short notice which was excellent. We never did have turn down service and when we reported it the next day, we were told they looked into it and that we had the DND sign on the door which was not the case. The doorman did hold our luggage until our late flight the following day and we put some things in a lockbox with the front desk. The staff was very friendly and helpful in general.The free breakfast in the lobby was fine except they charged $6.50 for a small glass of orange juice which seemed ludicrous.	
Mar 28 2006	Perfect location and large well equipped room	This hotel was a find, perfectly situated for the theatre yet quiet and close to all transportation. The room was the largest and best equipped that I have experienced in NYC. The old world decor of the public areas created a refuge from the city. The light continental breakfast was a nice touch.The hotel was just east of 7th avenue. The crosstown bus was just one block away and offered frequent brief trips crosstown. Theaters were within easy walking distance. Central Park was a short walk.I will never look for another hotel in NYC.	
Mar 24 2006	getting a little shabby	i have stayed at this hotel many times. tho it has been a few years since my last stay here. we chose it this time due to its excellent location for our busy theater vacation. i was a little disappointed this time. this hotel, on every stay, has always looked freshly painted and really sharp. alas, however, it is beginning to show its age. the always shiny woodwork and pristinely clean walls now appear that they have had one coat of paint too many. the wall colors are drab. the carpets in the hallways look to be in need of replacement. the bed covers were worn. still no coffee in the room and the italian 'buon di' breakfast still offers no coffee to go. one must order room service or walk out to a deli. that breakfast service also does not even include juice...nothing other than pastry, coffee or tea. on the plus side, the lobby is quiet and relaxing. the staff is attentive. and as i said in my opening, the location is one of the best if you are here for theater, shopping fifth avenue or visiting other tourist sites. also, of all the hotels i have stayed in this city, the rooms are spacious and priced very very well. i still recommend this hotel....but with reservations. it is no longer the &quot;luxurious&quot; escape i used to feel that it was. but at the right price, still a good one to consider	
Mar 23 2006	Luxury Hotel	Everything from the start to finish was luxurious. I would definitely recommend this hotel.The room as well as the hotel was awesome, not to mention the location, 3 blocks away from time square.Great resturants close by are Vinyl (inexpensive) or Cite' wine &amp; entree $69.00, while staying in New York you might enjoy a romantic night on the Bateaux, dinner &amp; live music cruising along the Hudon River.What a lovely place.	
Mar 15 2006	Great Hotel	My wife and I stayed for 4 night as a joint birthday treat and our first trip to the States. On arrival we were told we were being upgraded and the offered room was fantastic. However, on checking the closed blinds there was a view into a small enclosed space giving no light. On declining the room we were 'down graded', so to speak, but given a room with a view of 7th Ave. This was still an excellent large room with equally excellent facilities.No tea of coffee making facilites in the room but there is a Starbucks at the corner of 8th Ave and 51st Street. One minutes walk after you cross the road.Be quick for the free breakfast or there will nothing left. Orange juice is over $6 a glass.I am still waiting for the concierge to supply me with details of an address I was looking for as he was going to put a note under my door.All in all, a fantastic hotel, first class location, and would visit there again.	
Mar 11 2006	Where were the Italians?	I was looking for the Italians who should have been staying at the hotel. The only indication was that some of the signage was in Italian. Oh well. When we stayed at the Sofitel last June, the hotel was very French (owned and operated) with most of the staff being able to talk to us in French. It was a nice touch. The Michelangelo is in an excellent location - close enough to Time Square but even closer to Central Park. There is great shopping in luxury boutiques all around the hotel. We were able to walk to the two plays we had booked - Wicked and Producers - without any trouble. We walked to the Brasserie for supper one evening and took cabs to the other restaurants outside of the immediate area but, because it is so central, the cost was just a bit more than using the metro. The room was spotless, the sheets and towels were as promised - good quality. Staff were pleasant without being intrusive. I liked the decor even the tinkling of the crystal chandelier in the elevators. The hotel provides special coffees (hot and wonderful) and small sweet rolls in the AM (only between 7 and 9 and not a minute after)were fresh and tasty. We took a pass on the $6+ orange juice. If I was able to change anything in would be 1)able to have access to an ice machine rather than wait for staff to bring ice at the turndown (around 6:00 so scoot out of the room early) 2) the heating came on full force about every 8 minutes and then it was followed by the coldest blast of air - right on my back when I was sleeping. 3) the TV was a bit small and the channel selection was marginal. Picky, picky. We bumped into the next Prime Minister of Canada (B.T.)in the lobby - or at least he thinks he might run. Celebrity spotting in New York.	
Mar 10 2006	Thoroughly enjoyed our stay	We were impressed the minute we walked in the door of this hotel. Service at the front desk was always great. They even assisted us with dinner reservations at a wonderful restaurant. The room was luxurious with ample space. The marble bathroom was our favorite part, with seperate sink and shower/toilet rooms. The tub was the deepest, widest tub, I have ever been in. The robes available for use were appreciated. The only downside was the view (there was none, only of venting and other side of building). Some sunshine would have been nice. But we will definately be staying here again.	
Mar 8 2006	Excellent stay!	My husband and I stayed for 3 nights last weekend. I would recommend this hotel to anyone - either staying for business/short trip or for a week. The bedrooms are very spacious. Seating area/walk in wardrobe/huge bed (i think it was king size).Bath &amp; shower in our bathroom (with TV!). The hotel also provide dressing gowns to use whilst there - they are optional to buy. Only downside to room - no tea/coffee making facilities. Hotel is in very convenient location 2 min walk to Times Square &amp; Subway station. Rockafeller Centre is about 5 mins.	
Mar 2 2006 	Exceptionally-decorated rooms	Stayed for 3 nights on business in NY. Room was very large, exceptionally decorated, and spotlessly new. Bathrooms are impressive with separate alcoves for dressing, sink, and bath, as well as large walk-in closet. Hotel public areas plush as well.The downsides? No coffeemakers in room (why is this so at most high-end hotels???) and rude response from breakfast waiter when I took some up to room (I took it anyway). Heating system a little flaky and water wasn't too hot. This is an older building and while I think they gutted it appearance-wise, they may have left some of the older mechanical systems in place. Also because of proximity to Times Square lots of light in room even with shades drawn.Despite all this would stay again.	
Feb 27 2006	Luxury Hoel with great location	Our room at the Michelangelo was one of the largest hotel rooms that we've ever had and in New York, that's certainly a luxury. This is an elegant, well maintained hotel, centrally located and close to subway stops. We will look forward to staying here again!	
Feb 25 2006	Extremely mediocre experience	I too think this hotel is overrated. I have a problem with hotels that don't wash bedspreads between guests. Upon folding the spread down, we noticed stains on the underside, which may not have been visible on the outside bcs of the busy print. No bathtub in our room (just shower), no hook to hang the robe. Just a bland, uninspiring experience, resulting in not much desire to spend any time in the room. Price was not bad for a very convenient location, but I'd rather pay more for a little luxury. I would not call this a luxurious experience AT ALL.	
Feb 21 2006	Way Overrated	My husband and I just got back from a Broadway weekend which included 1 night at the Michelangelo (chosen from the rave reviews here!). To paraphrase Bette Davis - What a dump!. They &quot;upgraded&quot; us to an executive room on the 4th floor. Since we just had time to change before the matinee we didn't really inspect the room. Upon our return though, the temperature in the room was a cool 65 degrees (yes, we were there on the coldest days in NYC in several years). We set the thermostat up to 80 just to keep it warm, the marble counters and furnishings were ice cold. The toilet did not stop running the entire night, the wind was howling through the windows so loudly neither of us slept. The &quot;breakfast&quot; the next morning consisted of cold danish, lukewarm coffee and an extra charge of $6.00 for OJ (we told them to pour it back). The only good thing was that when the hairdryer did not work, housekeeping was there with a new one within 5 minutes (a good thing since my hair was soaking wet). Wouldn't recommend this hotel and will stay elsewhere the next time.	
Feb 20 2006	Great Location	My wife and I just spent a long weekend in the Big Apple and found our hotel experience at The Michelangelo to be great overall. Rooms are very big and service was excellent. From the hotel we had easy access to times square, fifth avenue, and many places to eat. Overall we would recommend this hotel and would stay here again.	
Feb 2 2006	Outstanding Hotel the best location!	We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at The Michelangelo.Terrific location, helpful and friendly staff, smiling faces too!Our room was huge and very clean with the best furnishings!The reviews on this site were right on the mark about this property.Funny though, Affinia 50 Hotel is ranked comparably but we had a terrible experience there!?We will stay at The Michelangelo on every visit to NY.	
Jan 24 2006	Lovely hotel in middle of Manhattan	My wife and I stayed at The Michelangelo for one week in 2004. It was the week of our wedding and honeymoon, and The Michelangelo added to the experience. The hotel is quiet and peaceful, even though it is smack in the middle of Manhattan. Times Square and the Broadway theatres are short walks away. One of NYC's premier restaurants, Le Bernardin, is a block away. Our art-deco room was nice, and large enough. My wife loved the marble bathroom, and she is a bathroom aficionado. The staff is polite and helpful. One memorable moment occurred at the very end of our stay, just before we got into a taxi for our ride to the airport. While my wife was busy in another part of the lobby, I tipped the bellhop $5 for bringing down our luggage. As we began our taxi ride, my wife informed me that she, too, had tipped the bellhop $5, and that the bellhop had returned her $5 after receiving the $5 from me. This ethical bellhop made a lasting impression. My wife and I hope to stay at The Michelangelo every time we visit NYC.	
Jan 11 2006	Wonderful Experience	We spent our 10th anniversary at the Michelangelo Jan 4-8 and could not be happier with our experience. The check-in was rapid, the service people impeccable, and the room was tremendous. The previous year, my wife stayed at the Waldorf and in her opinion, the Michelangelo was hands down the better of the 2.We were in the smallest of the rooms offered and found it to be larger than the normal New York City accomodation. The bathroom was large and the oversized tub was tremendous. Another thing we noticed was how quiet the facility was. We were never disturbed by exterior noise. The heating system was perfect.The morning offering was limited to coffee and Danish, though you could order espresso should you desire. The lobby and lounge were laid out very nicely. Evening cocktails were a delight as was Vittorio, our wonderful Italian bartender.The elevators were being worked on while we were there, but we were never overly delayed by them. I hope they get that squared away.The location was convenient to subways and Times Square with a host of nearby restaurants available.We would highly recommend this hotel.	
Jan 10 2006	Jan 7-9 stay. Some disappointments.	The good: Best, elegant public area, like a Venice palazzo. Never crowded. Friendly, efficient staff. We were able to check in at 1PM, and check out is 1 PM! Quiet, never hectic hotel (except see below). We had &quot;executive&quot; level room, of reasonable size and very well maintained, as is the whole hotel. Maid service was excellent. There were some perks we didn't use (shoe shine, workout room, limo to wall street, free light breakfast from 7-9am) Obviously, this is a great area for theater, Rockefeller, etc. Michelangelo restaurant is closed for renovation.The not so good: Our room faced a vent shaft. You couldn't see the sky at all. And yes, the heat-air conditioner is noisy. Didn't bother us, but it's something to consider. No in-room coffee maker or safe. No coffee-to-go (back to the room) available in entire hotel, except room service. Must send spouse across street to deli. We would stay here again, but will ask for a room with light! I think next trip we'll use the Renaissance, though.	
Jan 7 2006	Michelangelo? Fantastic!	Because I booked two king rooms in July and got an awesome rate, $195 per night, AND because we were upgraded on check-in to two junior suites, we landed a LOT more than we paid for. Everything the previous two reviewers mentioned is accurate, BUT from reading TripAdvisor comments before we went, we knew what to expect as far as amenities were concerned. The location is terrific, the rooms are clean and comfortable, the staff was helpful and courteous. A pianist and bass player mellowed the evening in the lobby. If I could approach this rate again, I would not hesitate to book it. Of course, such a long-range reservation is rarely possible...we just happened to luck out.I am curious about the elevators. We were in the hotel at the end of December. Men were working on one of them every day! What's with that? Overall, a wonderful stay and experience.	
Jan 4 2006	I agree - Not worth the price	I took my mother to NYC to see the Rockettes. The location of the hotel was great - a block away from Rock Center and close to most everything in mid-town. The lobby is beautiful, the staff friendly and the rooms clean. The huge soaking bathtub is wonderful after a long day in the city. However, for the price you pay for this location, I think the customer deserves a bit more. There are no coffee makers in the room. The hotel restaurant was still under renovations (kind of a peculiar time of year for this???) so &quot;breakfast&quot; was served in the bar - by a very rude waiter. The so-called breakfast was a few pastries, coffee and milk. My biggest gripe is that orange juice is not included in breakfast. You had to pay extra. I know it's a small thing, but again, for this kind of hotel and the price you pay... If the trucker motels out on the interstate and the Ritz can provide OJ, so can this place. The cable tv was out in the room and the towels were thin and crispy. We asked the front desk for a recommendation for an italian restaurant. Bad idea! The food was horrible - absolutely no flavor. The doorman - while extremely nice, was very difficult to understand.I would have to say that I would not stay here again. They need to take some of the money they spent on the lobby and put it into upgrading their ammenities. As has already been pointed out in a previous review, we were also not asked if our stay was satisfactory.	
Dec 20 2005	Not Worth the Price	Here is what we got last week for a $650 junior suite: complimentary newspaper, continental breakfast, shoe shine and chocolates. Here is what we did not get: iron &amp; ironing board, coffee machine, room safe, elevators that worked, access to stairs, expedited checkout or any shred of Italian ambiance. (To be fair, when we requested a coffee machine we were offered one, but were told we would have to go out and buy our own coffee.) The hotel also provided one of our most amusing NYC vignettes: elegantly dressed clients on Saturday night traipsing through the mezanine pantry to use the service elevator, the only one that worked. For the price there are many better choices convenient to Times Square. Not surprisingly, the desk did not ask us at checkout if we were satisfied.	
Dec 19 2005	Lovely Gracious Hotel beautifully decorated for Christmas	Booked the Michelangelo in the summer based on reviews for an overnight trip to NYC to see the Rockettes in the Christmas Spectacular down the street at Radio City Music Hall. Received a call confirming 2 nights before checkin from the hotel. My request for 2 rooms near each other or on the same floor was more than accomodated. The front desk apologized for the slight delay (one was ready, the other wasn't yet) at check-in. The rooms were very spacious, the music playing in the room was classy, the bathrooms large, the soaking tub huge, the towels and bathrobe so soft, the bed comfortable, the sheets smooth, and the staff friendly and courteous. Although not really child-friendly (no PBS or Disney channels on the tv), my 6-1/2 yo daughter was welcomed. Breakfast was in the lobby bar as the hotel restaurant is under rennovations; it seemed more like tea-time and was great fun for my daughter, mother, and me! The hotel lobby and elevators are beautiful and the hallways were also--nicely lit, beautiful carpeting, and some beautiful accent pieces. Staying at the Michelangelo has definately spoiled me! I doubt I'll be satisfied anywhere else in NYC at the internet special room price.	
Nov 29 2005	Magnificent Michelangelo	We stayed for a week on our honeymoon. When I first started searching hotels on tripadvisor, I encountered the M. and thought it was terrific but pricey. But, the more I looked, I kept coming back to this hotel. I think you could pay the same elsewhere and get a lot less. The room is large and elegant (we had an executive king) with marble foyer, sitting area, a huge bath, and even a little library. Soaking in the large bath is a treat after walking all over NYC. And the bed was terrific, very firm. Each night, after getting exhausted going around NYC, the best part of the day was getting in the bed - like an extra treat after the delights of the city. Evenings, there was a piano/bass duo in the lobby which was nice. The location was terrific too, so many things nearby (Rock Center, Cadillac Winter Garden Theater, Carnegie Hall, Times Square). And, we got TWO chocolates each night altho frankly I thought we might rate an extra one or two since we left $$ morning and night for the maids...oh well. I think we paid 325/395 for the various nights which is definitely up there in my book (honeymoon=splurge) but again, considering the time of year, I think it was a relative value for that class of hotel. There is no coffeemaker in the room but they serve complimentary coffee &amp; pastries in the lobby each morning (although they won't let you take them up to the room).	
Nov 28 2005	Couldnt stand the on and off air conditioning!	I am a frequent visitor to NYC and had stayed at various hotels in this category. The Michelangelo is a great hotel indeed, has an unbeatable location, quiet, and well furnished. The rooms are large and the bathrooms as well. The only thing I cant stand here is the air conditioning system they have. Its sort of &quot;thermostat regulated&quot; and will keep turning on as temp lows and off as temp goes up. This seems silly but try to sleep while the AC comes on and off every 15 minutes and your night sleep will be brutally disturbed, and I am a good sleeper myself but this made the nights horrible and I ended up turning AC off completely so that I could catch a sleep! The sound of the motor on and off is an annoyance that will make think twice next time and book somewhere else. Apart from this i would had highly reccomended this hotel.	
Nov 26 2005	Unfortunate experience at this hotel	I booked the Michelangelo on the basis of previous reviews on this site (and others), and because of its location. We have stayed in a few Manhattan hotels over the years, and we're still looking for a &quot;regular&quot;. Unfortunately, the Michelangelo will not receive a second visit from us.I booked an &quot;Executive King&quot; over the internet 4 months in advance. On arrival we were shown to a room with a double. Exhausted from the 24-hour journey to NY, we simply didn't have the energy to protest at that moment, and decided to put up with it for one night and raise the matter the next day. When I told the reception desk of our problem I received a brusque reply: &quot;You should have told us earlier - now we're sold out!&quot;. I responded by asking if we should be paying a different tariff in that case. &quot;Wait a moment&quot;, came the reply. A couple of minutes later we were told: &quot;We will move you now - go to your room to pack and call us when you are ready to move.&quot; No apology, no offer of compensation for the previous night in the wrong room - only an impression we had created a nuisance. To the management's credit, after we returned home I e-mailed the hotel, and received an apology from the manager, as well as a credit for the difference in the rate of the room we had occupied and the rate we had paid for that first night.Apart from that incident, everything else mentioned in this hotel's reviews is true: great location, spacious rooms, nice furnishings, and so on. The only other sour note is the morning coffee, which is very weak. The cappuccino barely tasted of coffee at all: we were fairly sure they don't use fresh grounds nearly as often as they should. We were also perplexed as to why, each evening, only one chocolate was left for the two of us next to the bed! (What were they trying to tell us?!)In the end, I'd have to agree with the September review which suggested that &quot;something is missing&quot;. We won't be returning.Indeed, the following weekend we stayed at The Library Hotel which, although our room was far smaller, provided a significantly better experience for somewhat less money.	
Nov 25 2005	Wonderful Hotel	I booked into this hotel for my boyfriends 40th birthday surprise weekend and we thought it was fantastic. I was influenced by all of the good reviews on this site and I also got a very good deal booking 10 months early on expedia. The rooms were large and the bed was large and comfortable, we slept very well and even the air con blowing intermittently didn't bother us. The turn down service with chocolates and weather forecast were a nice touch. I also booked the complimentary limo service for the Friday (the actual birthday) and we had a wonderful driver who took us on a tour of the neighbourhoods before dropping us at Wall Street, which was very handy for the trip out to Ellis Island, Ground Zero etc.I would definitely stay here again and after leaving New York engaged the city and the hotel are pretty special to us!	
Oct 20 2005	Met all expectations	I booked this hotel based on other reviews on this site for an anniversary trip with my wife. My expectations were very high, but the hotel met them all. The room was nicely appointed and spacious and the bathroom was luxurious. For the money, there is no better deal in NYC.The location is excellent. The front desk staff and concierge were helpful and courteous (but not the most outgoing). Overall, I was very, very pleased and have recommended this hotel to other travellers already. If you are going to NYC, stay at this hotel. You won't be disappointed.	
Oct 19 2005	Fabulous experience	It was our first visit to New York, and we certainly chose the best hotel ! We were greeted very warmly by the staff of the Michelangelo Hotel. We were upgraded to a lovely suite. We certainly felt at home. The extra touches such as the evening turn down service and the chocolates beside the bed along with the forecast of the next day's weather made us feel special. We loved New York City and we definitely will stay at The Michelangelo again.	
Oct 13 2005	Excellent Hotel	On the basis of previous reviews I chose the Michelangelo for a friend and I to stay in on our first ever trip to NY. I was thrilled with our choice. The staff were all polite, chatty and very helpful, we had booked a studio room and each had our own king size bed. The room was huge comparative to what you would get for your money in the UK. the location is ideal central without being slap bang in the middle of times sqaure, close enough to walk to shops bars central park etc. my only critism is that they do not have tea/coffee making facilities in the rooms if like me you are one of those people who has to have coffee to get you going in the morning it does mean traipsing downstairs for the complimentary breakfast, the problem is that aswell as coffee there are very tempting pastries on offer.....oh well when on holiday...Would definately stay here again.	
Oct 2 2005	Loved it	We booked a studio room with a king sized bed on the hotel web site. The room was very luxurious and spotlessly clean, with a marble entryway with bathroom on the right, leading into the bedroom, with a desk and chairs near the window. The room was long and narrow, but very comfortable with a lot of room for unpacking and such. Plenty of storage. The bathroom was my favorite part- luxurious, tile, marble, lots of mirrors, a deep soaking tub, bathrobes, a chair in front of the makeup mirror, etc. (just look at the pictures) I also have to mention there were two types of bath products- Taylor of London and Bvlgari- and I tried them all. The only negative is that the air conditioner was rather loud intermittently, but it kept the room cool so it was worth it. Also the hotel has only 8 floors, so from the 6th floor we only had a view of the office across the street, but I could see more of 51st street by sticking my head out the window. The staff was friendly, and the lobby is also luxurious.The location of this hotel is great- within walking distance of theaters, the Greyhound bus tour, subway stops, and Times Square. I also have to mention the staff is very honest- I foolishly left some jewelry on the bathroom counter and when we came back it was still there.	
Sep 20 2005	Great location	It was a surprise for my husbands 50th. What a lovely surprise, we could not have wished for nicer. The bellboys were wonderful, all the staff were very helpful. Very nice room and bathroom, spotlessly clean. Loved the bathrobes and the chocolates on bed at night, the beds were big and the pillows were scrummy!!! Only one slight problem was that the air conditioning unit was a bit noisy but other than that it was great. We had a lovely few days in the Michelangelo and would recommend it!!! New YOrk was pretty fab too!!!!	
Sep 8 2005	It was 'just' okay!!	I stayed here for 2 nights with my husband for our first wedding anniversary on a stop over back to London.I expected great things, but although the room was spacious and the bathroom had a great mirror and the wardrobe was a great size and there was a dressing table for me to do my make up and the bed was very comfy... it was just... okay.Good location... there was a lot of renovation work when we stayed in the restaurant, so we didn't experience the food.I hoped for the wow factor with this hotel... the bellboys were lovely, the reception staff were not.I don't think we'd stay there again when we go back. So to clarify, it is a lovely hotel, but something is missing to make me go back...	
Aug 31 2005	Great Place to Stay!!	My sister and I recently celebrated her 40th birthday in NYC and booked the Michelangelo on a package rate ($235/nt). The most impressive aspect of the hotel was the size of the room...their deluxe room was the size of a mini-suite, which was refreshing after touring the City. In addition to its large size (especially by NYC standards), the room was very clean, the bed was comfortable, and the decor was tasteful--Italian marble, entry way, sitting area and bookcases. Also, the location was great--just a few blocks (5-10 min walk) to Times Square, theatres, Rockefeller Center and shopping. Don't forget to ask for the free morning limo ride to the financial district...even if you are going sightseeing! A few minor negatives (though they did not really detract from the quality of the stay)--the desk staff were not &quot;warm and friendly&quot; but they were competent; the breakfast was light and served for a very limited time; our room (facing the front of the hotel) did have some &quot;road&quot; noise in the early morning hours. Overall, the hotel is very nice, and I plan to stay there again.	
Aug 30 2005	Loved the hotel and the locaation is suburb!!	Stayed over the Christomas holiday at the hotel and was very pleased. The staff was friendly and knowledgeable and the room was large and the bath was one of the nicest in the city. The rate that we received on Expedia.com was great for a NYC hotel. The only thing that was bad was no view at all, looked at the side of a building. It was a romatntic trip and we had asked for some special amenities and never received them.Overall it was a great experience and you are in the middle of everything, anything that you want to do is an easy walk and you are in the center of Times Square.Will definitely stay again, cannot go wrong with theis property!	
Aug 28 2005	Great Valentines Day Stay!	We stayed at the Michelangelo Hotel from February 12, 2005-February 15, 2005. From the moment we checked in until the moment we checked out, everything was perfect.When we checked in the front desk staff was polite and helpful, guiding us to our room. The lobby was just as it looked in the website pictures. Inside our room, classical music was already playing on a Bose system. The heat was set at a perfect temp. and the room was spotless.The bathroom was black marble, and even had a mini TV beside the sink!The hotel is located close enough to all the sights of time square, yet is still protected from all the noise of New York City. Never once were we disturbed by any outside or inside noise. Although the onsite restaurant was closed for renovations when we were there, the concierge was more than happy to reccomend some great restaurants to go to. We loved our stay and would definately go back, This hotel is a 5-10 minute walk from times square (which saves 5 dollars each way) and just around the corner from 5th avenue shopping and Rockefeller Center. (It also is only a short walk from Central Park)	
Aug 19 2005	Great operation.	This was a treat! We come up every year and this is the first hotel where we want to stay again. Also, great location.	
Aug 16 2005	It's as good as the best reviews	I must have read all the reviews placed here for the last 6 months, and I can say that The Michelangelo Hotel in Midtown Manhattan is as good as the best reviews. Our room had a marble foyer, and an all-marble deepbathroom and dressing room. The shower/bathtub was deep...up to my knees, and I'm 5'9&quot;. Every night, they came in for turn-down service, and pulled-down BOTH sets of window shades, and emptied the trash. This felt like a 4 star hotel, but we paid like a 2 star hotel, considering that it was summer vacation in New York City. I would stay there again.	
Aug 8 2005	Very Happy Memories Here.....	We stayed here last October and really impressed with the room size, facilities, service etc etc. When we first arrived we felt a little 'out of sorts' at the opulent surroundings, it was especially unnerving as we felt so scruffy after our long flight and subway ride.But being in our huge room, with every facilty we needed, made our trip really special.Breakfast was ample, the coffee was good, and the staff friendly.My only complaints if any, would be that the bar is expensive (but isn't all of New York?) and that the receptionist was a little too frosty (he wouldn't put our tour guide's phone call through to our room as he didn't know our full names!).	
Aug 6 2005	Good but not great.	My husband and I stayed here recently for my 40th birthday. This was our third trip to New York in as many years. I did extensive research online before booking at the Michelangelo. Overall I was somewhat disappointed. We were told we would have an upgrade upon check-in but when we got to our room it was the same room I had booked. Not a big deal but the front desk clerk was very rude and actually laughed when we asked for an upgrade! We only asked because we had heard that the Michelangelo was known for their upgrades. The location is nice. Times Square is obviously a very loud and crazy place to stay but we were on the 7th floor so the noise wasn't so bad. We loved the twice daily maid service and the rooms were pretty clean...not perfect but okay. I honestly don't understand why they hassle with breakfast. It is so not worth it and the hours and are very limited with very limited food. The coffee is extremely strong and you can't even bring a cup up to your room. I would probably find breakfast elsewhere, which we did every morning except for two. We have stayed at the Library Hotel and Hotel Giraffe in the past which we've found more to our liking. We even went in the lobby of the Casablanca Hotel just to look around and they couldn't have been more welcoming. They invited us to go up to the lobby and have a drink of iced tea! Quite a stark contrast for the Michelangelo where I don't think the staff cared one way or another about your stay. I think there are better options out there. I don't consider myself a very picky person but most of our nights were $325.00 and I think for that one should deserve more than what was given. I know hotel prices are expensive in New York and I know we came at the one of the busiest times of the year. That still doesn't excuse apathetic service in a supposedly four star hotel. We had drinks two nights in the lobby lounge and both nights the female bartender spent almost the entire time we were there on personal calls. Not exactly professional behavior. Felt bad for interrupting her phone call to wait for a drink. Just my opinion for whatever it's worth.	
Jul 27 2005	very nice hotel and staff	we stayed at the hotel for 2 nights in mid july. we were first shown a very small pokey room which stank of a bbq(there is a ruth's chris steak house next door). we went back down, and spoke to reception saying the room was unacceptable. i did 'show my appreaciate' to man on reception, and walla our new room was a jr suite which was beautifully decorated. the bellhop was great fun, as were the doormen. the room was nicely decorated, and appointed. great location. just make sure they dont stick in you the ruth chris rooms....	
Jul 21 2005	Would go back in a heartbeat!	I recently visited New York for the first time in my life, and returned very proud of myself for choosing the right hotel.The location is unbeatable, for those who want to see a little of everything.One block from Radio City Music Hall, two blocks from Rockefeller Center, two blocks from Times Square, three blocks from Theartre District.... MOMA, shopping, etc...The hotel is very nice, very clean, and the service was excellent.The rooms were a good size as well.Next time I go, I'll book at The Michelangelo without even thinking about it.	
Jul 20 2005	Will return to the Michelangelo	We just stayed at the Michelangelo for a total of 3 nights. The hotel upgraded our room to what has to be a very large room for NYC with a great &quot;urban&quot; view - from 3 windows across 2 walls - of NYC. Once might think this would be loud, but they must have sound-proof windows...not to mention double blackout blinds - this and the very comfortable beds/pillows made for a great sleep. The bathroom was lovely - with plush towels - and large. I expected the typical once a day cleaning and was pleasantly surprised that in addition to the standard daily cleaning, the room was &quot;tidied&quot; and towels replaced each evening in connection with the evening turn-down service. The only negative - and a minor one - is that the included &quot;Italian-style breakfast&quot; - is one that I would re-title &quot;coffee with a muffin&quot; - very, very basic. That being said, there's plenty of other places to eat around the hotel so it wasn't a big deal. Generally speaking, the location can't be beat if you want to be centrally located.	
Jul 17 2005	I've found my hotel for NYC!	This was my first trip to New York, and it started off splendidly just as soon as I reached the Michelangelo Hotel. The front desk staff was friendly and welcoming, and when I told them this was my first time in the city, they upgraded me from the Deluxe room to Executive. It kept getting better as I made my way upstairs and entered my room. It was huge! Soft classical music was playing on the Bose Wave Radio, the room was immaculate and well-appointed, and it smelled lovely. The room had 3 windows, so it was bright and cheery during the day. The blackout shades made it pitch dark at night so I slept very soundly. The room was very large, and included a walk-in closet! The marble dressing area featured a small cable televison on the vanity, and the separate toilet/shower area was equipped with a phone and an oversized tub with great water pressure in the shower. Comfortable terry robes are included, and each night they turned down the bed and left chocolates and the next day's weather forecast. A New York Times was waiting each morning. This hotel left me wanting for nothing. It was quiet, clean, beautifully decorated, and tended by a wonderfully friendly staff. The location can't be beat; at 51st Street &amp; 7th Avenue, you're just blocks from Times Square, Rockefeller Center and the Theatre District. I will definitely stay here again.	
Jul 14 2005	dark room view of wall	We did get our room through a discounter, so keep that in mind. We arrived early, about 10am, and were told our room was not ready. We left, had some breakfast, walked around a bit, ( we had come in on a red-eye, and were exhausted) returned. Room still not ready. Decided to sit in the lobby, near the check in desk, until it was ready. An hour later they gave us a room. It stunk horribly of cigar smoke. Asked for a different room. The next one was just like the first, but only smelled of disinfectant. The window of both rooms looked out onto a brick wall. The room was dark all day. The lobby was beautiful though.	
Jul 5 2005	Wonderful hotel off of Times Square	Wonderful spacious, well-appointed rooms. Great service and housekeeping - everything is spotless - a real find in a NYC hotel.Nice bar in the lobby. The included continental breakfast is very European, i.e. very sparse; we abandoned after the first day and headed for the Starbucks on the next corner. Didn't try the full service a la carte breakfast on the concourse level.The rate we got (through Expedia) provided excellent value for the price.Excellent location if you want to be on the West Side of Manhattan - just on the edge of Times Square and within walking distance of the Time Warner Center and Lincoln Center.	
Jun 19 2005	il fascino di vecchio mondo a New York	Loved this hotel! If you enjoy small, old world, hotels then this is your hotel. The staff was welcoming and attentive. The work out room was better than most. The morning coffee in the lobby was a delightful plus (although the fare is typical muffins, not Italian pasties, but still lovely). I would not recommend this hotel for fans of the “W”, but would if you like to go back to a timeless age.	
Jun 18 2005	Wonderful Boutique Hotel	Considering that we paid $250.00 per night on the average, we thought the room a bit smallish (but maybe not by New York standards at the height of the tourist season). Nevertheless, it was equisitely appointed and quite comfortable. The staff was friendly and professional. And the location is terrific. If upscale, low key, boutique type hotels are your thing, this is the hotel to stay at in NYC.	
Jun 16 2005	Keep Looking	If you are visiting New York solely to go to shows/be near Times Square, you will honestly find more pleasant accommodations at some of the chain hotels in the area - such as the Marriott. Amenities at the Michelangelo were definitely disappointing for a boutique hotel - while the lobby was nicely decorated, the staff was indifferent, the room was musty and was located near a noisy service area, an iron was not available in the room, television reception poor and was limited, room service was also limited, and, due to remodeling, no dining room was available. However, the most disappointing was the condescending attitude of the front desk personnel. Upon turning down the bed early in order to take a nap, we unfortunately found mouse droppings in the sheets. When we reported this and asked to have the linens changed, the front desk clerk was at best disbelieving. And although the sheets were eventually changed, we were made to feel as if we had done something wrong. We received no apology (although we did later receive a voice message saying that the sheets had been changed). We visit NYC @3 times per year, as well as travel frequently. I can honestly say we have had few unpleasant experiences at any hotel - nontheless, no one needs this hassle, especially when they are paying premium price.	
Jun 5 2005	Excellent!	My family and I stayed in two junior suites at the Michelangelo and everyone loved it. The location was excellent, the rooms were spacious and clean and the service was very good.We did not encounter any rude behavior from any of the staff. The front desk was efficient and courteous, room service was prompt and professional and housekeeping was fast and unobtrusive.Location is definitely one of the best features of this hotel. It is a short walk to shopping on Fifth Avenue, theaters and Central Park. Plus, as others have said, the Michelangelo is tucked around the corner from the busy avenue. When you step down into the lobby, it's a peaceful contrast to the outside bustle.The common areas were well kept and the hotel also has sufficient elevators (I've stayed in places where you feel like you've spent half your time waiting for one). The bathrooms were stocked with luxury products and all the bath towels were oversized. The beds were extremely comfortable, with linens that smelled fresh. The mini bar was well stocked and promptly refilled.Overall, we found the Michelangelo to be an excellent hotel and we look forward to staying there again.	
Jun 4 2005 	Needs work and upgrades	I recently stayed at hte Michelangelo and was very disappointed based upon the glowing reviews that I had read prior to my stay. The room had a bedspread and furniture that had a horrible odor to them, as well as the room temperature could not be changed in my room. I spoke to the front desk only to be told that there was nothing better or available at that time. As for the bedspread, there solution was to pile it up in the corner and give me another sheet. I have stayed at Holiday Inns that were nicer. Also the minibar refrigerator made a rattling noise all night and there was no view from my window except for a rundown alley wall. There are nicer and more courteous places to stay in NYC.	
Jun 2 2005	Michelangelo Hotel: A+	I cannot think of one complaint about this hotel. The location is perfect for a first time visitor. The rooms are roomie and clean. I picked this hotel based on the reviews of this website and I was definitely NOT disappointed.	
Jun 1 2005	Fell in Love With The Michelangelo Hotel	My wife and I celebrated our honeymoon in New York the week of May 23rd and we cannot speak highly enough about our experience at The Michelangelo Hotel. We both did a lot of research before choosing our hotel and we decided that The Michelangelo was the best overall choice for our trip. I know there have been several reviews indicating that the hotel's staff was unfriendly and even sometimes rude but that was not our experience at all. We were greeted by a very friendly doorman (Cesar) and the check-in attendants were polite and accomodating. We received a free upgrade on our room, which was a nice treat.We stayed on the fifth floor in a corner room, away from the hustle and bustle... overlooking 51st street. The room was clean, quiet, and very large (especially for a NYC room). There was plenty of room for our clothes and the bathroom was roomy. The two items that I really judge a hotel room by are the shower and the bed. The Michelangelo did not disappoint- the bed was extremely comfortable and the sheets were quite soft. We had chilly weather the week we were in New York (nights dropped below 40 degrees F) and the bed was very warm. The shower was pretty nice too. The water pressure was great but the shower head left me wanting more (only two settings... stream and massage). The hot water stayed hot for me and my wife's showers. We had a slight issue the first night there in that a fuse blew out in the bathroom. We made a quick call downstairs to the front desk and the fuse was reset in less than 5 minutes (now that's service!). The turndown service was alright, I'm not that picky about things like that... so we only took advantage two nights. The breakfast in the morning was lacking... continental breakfast with coffee, tea, juices, and an assortment of pastries (muffins, danishes, etc.). There are dozens of great breakfast places within walking distance if you are in the mood for something different.The Michelangelo Hotel's biggest highlight is its location, and we all know how important location is in a city like New York. We were literally blocks from landmarks such as Times Square, Broadway theatre district, Central Park, 5th Ave. shopping, Rockefeller Plaza, and many excellent restaurants. There's nothing better than hitting the streets and walking around NYC to visit many of the city's popular sites. And many jazz clubs, restaurants, clubs, and museums are just a quick taxi/subway ride away. So yeah, The Michelangelo's stadout feature is the location.Overall, I would rate this hotel 5/5 for its comfortable setting, accomodating staff, proximity to the great attractions and some of the bigger rooms in NYC. If you plan on staying in New York you should definitely consider The Michelangelo Hotel. We used Expedia to book our travel plans and we got a great deal on 6 nights of stay.	
May 29 2005	Our 5th stay there! Always great!	My husband and I celebrated our 15th anniversary there last week. It was our 5th time at the Michaelangelo and was great, as usual. The first 2 nights, the traffic noise bothered us, so we were moved to another room. The staff were very helpful and the maids do an excellent job of keeping the room immaculate.And I love the Bulgari bath ammenities!!	
May 24 2005	Absolutely Fantastic!!!!!!	My husband and I stayed here for May 6th -10th. We thought the hotel was exceptional in every way!! The rooms were wonderfully furnished and decorated, even down to the little things like the maids leaving a card by your bed with the following days weather on so that you can plan your day! The location was perfect, just a few meters walk off broadway. Everything you wanted to do or see was on your doorstep. On the day we were leaving, my husband just happened to mention to one of the bellboys that we needed a taxi to get us to JFK that evening. As we were leaving for our final day sightseeing, the gentleman said that he would arrange for someone to pick us up. Lo and behold, at 6pm that evening a stretch limo was waiting for us!! What was even better was that it had only cost 10$ more than a regular yellow cab. Well that's what I call service! Fantastic place. We can't wait to go back!	
May 8 2005	great hotel	This hotel was great we came here to celebrate our first wedding anniversary. Big comfortable rooms and beds and that's what you need afer all the walking you've done. The hotel staff were great they will do anything for you. We were not impressed by New York at all but the hotel made up for our dissapointment of the city.	
May 6 2005	Wonderful option with superb location	I stayed at the Michelangelo in May, 2005, for a mid-week theatre trip with a good friend. The room rate was a little higher than we had agreed on for our maximum ($325), but we were very happy to have paid the premium. First, the location is outstanding. The heart of the theatre district is just a few blocks away, and the new MOMA is three blocks north. There is excellent subway access within two blocks, and you are just a short walk away from Fifth or Madison Avenue shopping. For us, it could not have been a better choice. The rooms are spacious and well-appointed, and the lobby is lovely and welcoming. The room rate includes coffee and pastries in the lobby in the morning, which is a nice treat. There are plenty of elevators, and they come and go quickly. The only amenity which could use a little touching up is the carpet in the upstairs halls -- otherwise, everything is completely updated. But the thing that really made this hotel stand out in my mind was the excellent service. My friend and I arrived early -- around 11:00 a.m. -- and the front desk was gracious in accommodating our early arrival (and our late departure later in the week). The concierge, James, was particularly helpful suggesting restaurants, attractions, easiest methods of travel, etc. The lobby staff was friendly and accommodating as well -- happy to let us sit and chat in the morning with bagels we had brought in from across the street --no problem. I am not familiar enough with NYC hotels to know if one can do a lot better in the low $300 price range, but I would be surprised if there are many better options than the Michelangelo.	
May 6 2005	the best	Started out at the Flatotel in Manhatten...one word...yuck...changed the next day to the Michelangelo...one word...beautiful. I will stay there without question every time I visit.	
May 3 2005	Loved It!!	My husband and I just spent the weekend at the Michelangelo hotel for his birthday and we loved it. We had booked a deluxe room and when we arrived where given a studio. It was beautiful. We had a king size bed, sofa, loveseat, cocktail tables, desk, vanity area with stool and mirror - and the bathroom was huge- there was even a TV on the counter by the sink. We valet the car which was a little more expensive than self parking but well worth not having to drive around ourselves. Even the hallways of the hotel were beautiful not to mention the lobby. We had drinks in the evening before we went out. The location is fabulous. Close enough to walk anywhere yet set apart that you can have a little peace and quiet after a day of shopping, eating, shows, etc. We will definitely go back there.	
Apr 29 2005	Dissapointing	I know I stayed here in 2000, but this hotel has been bothering me for some time. I am only 15 so at the time I was 10. I book all of the vacations for my family and we usually stay at really nice places (such as the Four Seasons Hawaii, Kahala Mandarin Oriental, Westin Los Cabos, etc..). We booked a studio room with two kings. I thought the room would be great, since we are a family of four, the idea of two kings was great. Also, I did much research on this hotel and was very impressed by the excellent reviews. I was dissapointed once we walked in the door. We asked to upgrade to a suite and the staff looked at us like we were insane. Once we walked into the room, it looked great. However upon further inspection, the upholstery on some of the furniture was worn. The beds looked odd as well and then I discovered that the bed posts did not match up. One bed had bed posts at least 4 inches higher than the other. Automatically I felt we were put in the worst room they had. The bathroom had no bidet and a jacuzzi with chipping paint. I felt that I had let down my family and cried in the bathroom. The next morning was worse. My mother loves to have coffee in the morning, so I went down with my dad to the complimentary breakfast to get her some and bring it back up to the room. After getting some coffee, we started to head back to the room, only to get assaulted by one of the members of the staff saying that we would have to order coffee from room service if we wanted it. They did not say this in an appologetic manner but in a very rude tone. This idea of not being allowed to bring coffee upstairs was absolutely insane. Plus, the complimentary breakfast was rather disgusting so we went to a local bakery nearby (another guest advised us to go there). The W Times Square had just opened and my dad and I went over there for a look and loved it. The room was much nicer and cheaper. The staff was very nice as well, something which seemed to be foreign to us (since we stayed at the Michelangelo). This hotel is probably on the same level as a three star hotel. Nothing was special about this place and I WOULD NEVER ADVISE ANYONE TO STAY HERE!!!!!!	
Apr 25 2005	Pleasant Hotel great location	My husband and I spent the weekend at the Michelangelo in mid April, 2005. I booked a standard room through Travelocity and the front desk upgraded us to a Jr. Suite which was like a good sized bedroom (we had to wonder what the standard room was like). Unfortunately our room was near the elevator (and you could hear the &quot;ding&quot; everytime it arrived). There was also a VERY loud birthday party in the room next to us and the whole floor smelled like smoke. When I called the management, someone promptly asked them to tone it down and kept going back until 4am (which is when the party finally ended). We asked for a different room but were told the hotel was sold out. I told the management about the 4am party when I checked out but wasn't offered anything for compensation (didn't really expect to be anyway). The free breakfast was a few different types of muffins, coffee, and juice, very basic. The best part about the hotel is the location. Easy walk to Times Square and Central Park. All in all, my husband didn't think it was worth $225/night - but then we are from San Francisco where $225 would get you a very nice room, so it's hard to judge. All in all not a bad experience.	
Apr 18 2005	Quiet Comfortable Elegance	We had a 4 night stay from April 13-17, and everything went very smoothly. We had no problems with our Expedia booking and our check-in literally took about 3 minutes. Our first impression of the hotel was one of understated elegance - nothing shouts at you, but it's all very impressive with the marble, chandeliers and tapestry. Our room (520) again was quietly understated, and quite large in a nice corner - with quality furniture, bedding, and the marble bathrooms are the best part with the huge tubs, nice extendable makeup mirror and all the toiletries you could possibly want, and the little TV too. There is just nothing that needs any improvement! The hotel is perfectly located in Midtown and about half a dozen theaters are within 3-4 blocks. We were always very happy to go back to this hotel every night and escape to it's quiet and serene atmosphere. Out of curiosity we poked our heads into a few other hotels while we were in New York (The Waldorf, Pierre, Peninsula, Sofitel, Algonquin) and didn't feel like we were shortchanged staying at the Michelangelo in the least. The staff is friendly and this hotel is beautiful place to stay! We'll definitely stay again!	
Apr 5 2005	Best Value we've found	Best Value I have found in NYC. Location is good, service is great and the rooms are modern., clean and big.	
Apr 4 2005	Excellence in the Theater District	I am grateful to other Tripadvisor reviewers who helped me and my wife to consider this hotel. We stayed six nights and were very impressed by the size, cleanliness, quality, and location of the Michelangelo New York.Location is excellent! It just north of the crowds of Times Square, but close enough for a five to ten minute walk to most theaters. If you use the subway, three different stations are within one or two blocks. If you want a quality hotel that is wonderfully quiet and well managed in the center of the city, this is the place. Staying at the Michelangelo makes us look forward to our next trip to New York City.	
Mar 24 2005	Fantastic especially for price	We stayed two nights here, and it was great.To call the lobby 'nice' is a bad joke, as it is ceiling to floor marble of jaw dropping quality. The lobby actually graced the cover of some Best in the World hotel magazine when we were there!Our bathroom was fantastic, and the location is simply perfect; not in the middle of the craziness, but close enough to go 1 block for it if you want to. The staff were great, and, here's the kicker, the price is amazing. If you want really fantastic stuff, then of course the Ritz would be your thing, but you'll also pay an extra $250 per night for it. We paid a measley $225 per night, a real steal for what you get.I'd stay here all over again, though, word to the wise, try to avoid the 3rd floor, where some of the windows overlook the square center (complete with enormous venting fan)....	
Mar 18 2005	Italian charm in NYC	I stayed at the Michelangelo for my first trip to NYC, afterchecking out of the Le Meridien.The lobby is simply stunning, all peach marble and exquisitefurnishings. You almost feel you don't get your money'sworth by simply walking over it, I planned to spendsome time just soaking in the atmosphere, but purtroppo,ran out of time.The room was furnished quite well, and I enjoyed the extralarge tub,with the small TV in the bathroom, one could watchNY1 and soak at the same time!I turned down the turn down service, couldn't see the point,I can open up the bed by myself - but the maid gave methe chocolate and a next-days-weather-card, which was quite nice.Service is very friendly, they'll help you with things from finding a great sushi restaurant late at night to advisingwhen you should hail a cab for JFK. I had two of them on the case, trying to hail a cab at rush hour, I am very grateful for theirdedication.If you are European, or want some Continential ambience in themiddle of New York City, I recommend this hotel!	
Mar 14 2005	Overrated	We stayed at the Michelangelo this past weekend based in part by the great reviews that were posted on this site. Although my stay wasn't bad, there was nothing that exceptional about this hotel. The location is good, lobby was nice, the rooms were a good size but sort of plain, the bathroom was nice, but the service was pretty inattentive. To compare this to the Ritz is ridiculous. Overall, there is nothing wrong with this hotel and I would say the room size is fairly large for New York City, but I certainly don't think it deserves any sort of raves (especially for service). Not particularly memorable.	
Mar 13 2005	The Best in NYC	We just stayed at the Michelangelo recently, and were extremely pleased. We have tried many different hotels in New York over the years, and the Michelangelo is by far the best. As with all luxury hotels in New York, we felt it was a little pricey, but we wanted to give it a try. We were so glad that we did. Everything from the location to the room to the service was perfection! We loved the European flair and the beautiful rooms. Everything from the lobby to the elevators to the hallways to the rooms were immaculate and in pristine condition. We are very picky about our accommodations, and nothing annoys us more than paying top dollar and not getting the top notch accommodations and service that paying that kind of money should bring. In our many hotels stays over the years, we always seem to find AT LEAST one or two things that we feel were not up to snuff during our stay. We could not find one thing wrong with the Michelangelo, which says a lot coming from two picky people like us! If you like a big &quot;American&quot; hotel like the Marriott or the Hilton, then this is not for you. If you like a luxury &quot;boutique&quot; hotel with a European feel then give the Michelangelo a try - you will not be disappointed.	
Mar 9 2005 	this is a gem.	From 1996 through 1999, I stayed on, on average, two weeks per month at The Michelangelo. This past week I had the opportunity to stay there once again. Nothing has changed: the staff and service are superb - just as I remembered. And though it had been several years since I last visited, the staff remembered who I was. The Michelangelo is what every hotel should aspire to be.	
Mar 7 2005	Amazing	My partener and i visit The Michelangelo Hotel, October 2004.We stayed in a juinor Suite,(there are 2 style for the junior suite the french style is nice but we stayed in the italian style and that room was amazing)The location couldnt of been better, Staff was so friendly,On our first day the hotel manager asked if we wanted to go for a few drinks with him and his friends(very nice man),Service was excellent. Every thing was amazing.The picture below is the bar area in your room, and the living area.If you have any questions please feel free to email me.	
Mar 6 2005	No need to keep looking...this is your hotel!!	If you're looking for a hotel in NYC and are completely confused as to where to stay, STOP LOOKING b/c this hotel will exceed your expectations!!I've stayed at several hotels in NYC, and I have to say, hands down, that the Michelangelo is the best hotel stay I've had in the Big Apple. The lobby is just incredible...beautiful decor, warm and inviting. Our room was spotless, very elegant yet cozy too. Smelled very fresh and clean, no raunchy mildewy odors. Loved the oversized tub and marble bathroom amenities. Comfortable bed and clean carpet. The staff were very helpful. When we called for extra bath linens, someone was there within 5-10 minutes. Bellmen were so friendly and kind.I was shocked when I discovered that I had been paying the same price to stay at other hotels in the city that could not even begin to compare to the luxury I experienced at the Michelangelo. And it's so conveniently located, in the middle of the Theater District...easy access to several subways, restaurants, not to mention all the flare of Times Square.I love NYC. I visit as often as I can and will never stay anywhere else but the Michelangelo from now on!!	
Mar 3 2005	wonderful gem	We stayed at the Michelangelo for our 20th Wedding anniversary in October 2004. We were immediately upgraded to a spacious and spotless room with every comfort. The noise of the traffic on the first night was a bit disruptive but we got used to it. A really central hotel with great service and the complimentary breakfast was a big bonus. It saves you time walking around looking for somewhere to eat in the morning so we were able to get off early to do the tourist bit. All in all a hotel I would definitely recommend.	
Feb 26 2005	Awesome stay in beautiful city!!!!!!!	We just got back from 4 nights in NYC, this was our first trip, so needless to say I spent many hours on tripadvisor shopping for a place to stay. The Michelangelo was well worth the time and effort to find it. All the reviews are on the money. The hotel is right in the middle of everything there is to do in the Big Apple. Very close to all subway stops including 42nd st exchange, which will get you on virtually any train. Multiple Deli's, Bakery's, and Resturants are very close by. And just a couple blocks from Hell's Kitchen and 9th ave where the resturants are plentiful.The Room was super, very large compared to the other rooms I looked at, staff was very friendly also. This was an awesome place to stay and I would highly recommend the Michelangelo. We paid about 195 a night, a great bargin for this class hotel. We will definately stay again.	
Feb 22 2005	Ideal Choice	After rushing to jump on the plane as a surprise for my wife's birthday, we realized we had forgotten toiletries. Not only is Michelangelo a beautiful boutique hotel in the middle of Times Square and the Theatre District, but they have a complimentary service whereby if you have forgotten a toothbrush, shaving cream, comb, brush, mouthwash, etc., they'll have housekeeping bring you a basket of all that stuff on the house. Spacious rooms and really nice bathrooms with oversized tubs. A very helpful (though overburdened) concierge. Not cheap but not expensive to stay here by NYC standards and for this class of hotel, and you could not be more central to everything. A bargain for what you get.	
Feb 14 2005	I've never stayed here	I've never stayed at this hotel. I booked a room for a business trip, and my phone reservation was treated rudely, with constant interruptions while I was trying to ask questions, and I never got the feeling that they &quot;heard&quot; my simple requests (no-smoking, parking, holding baggage).I couldn't get a complete sentence in, because they kept interrupting me with their &quot;answer&quot;, which (because they never heard my question) didn't answer my question!!!I booked at my fave hotel instead, even though it was pricier and out of the way.	
Feb 8 2005	Beautiful Rude Employees	The hotel was beautiful and quaint--exactly what my boyfriend and I wanted for our romantic weekend. The room was the perfect size for two and the bed was comfortable. The hotel is in the best location you could ask for. Plus the ammenties, including a very roomy shower/bathtub, were great! However, a woman named Lindsay checked us both in and out of the hotel and she was one of the most unhappy, unwelcoming, uncaring hotel receptionists I have ever encountered. She couldn't even muster up a smile or even a fake nice welcome. Upon approaching the front desk our impression of the hotel took a dramatic fall. I don't even think the words &quot;welcome&quot; or &quot;hello&quot; were uttered before an emotionless &quot;can i have your credit card and photo id?&quot; She rushed us through both processes and was completely unfriendly. We also had an encounter with a very rude bartender. All in all, our stay was great because we spent most of our time in the city or in our room. I would consider returning because of its location, but this hotel is in MAJOR need of an attitude change. 	
Jan 28 2005	Good For The Money	This was a very good hotel for the money and as i often find with hotels that is an important caveat. I paid 195 per night and 240 for a Saturday night. I would pay more during more expensive times of the year but for this hotel I would shop around. If I got a good rate as compared to other 4 star hotels I would stay there but I wouldn't pay a premium to stay there. The rooms are nice and very very clean. The TVs are rather small and difficult to see from the chair/sofa they provide. However it is nice to have a sitting area in a NYC hotel. The baths are quite nice.I hear what some people are saying about the hotel staff. They are generally friendly but there are a few that are rather abrupt and not that helpful. Service however in terms of things being on time and the twice daily maid service was overall outstanding and very prompt.I passed on the free breakfast because it did not sound that appealing. Instead I ordered in room service. Breakfast was very good although I ordered cereal and berries and coffee each morning which is not too hard to mess up but it came promptly each of the days I was there and the coffee was quite good which is important to me. I did however order a caesar salad and a calamari one afternoon and they were both god awful.I requested a room in the back of the hotel to be away from street noise but be forwarned that there is a wind tunnel back there so you do hear that. However if you are a light sleeper that is better than being on the street side I would imagine.Overall this is a very nice hotel that has earned its 4 stars. It could be outstanding if the entire staff was helpful and friendly and if they didn't have a few curt matter of fact employees and if they improved the quality of the room service food. If they really want to enter the wonderful hotel category I would think they would use a good thck glass on the windows because hearing wind does indicate the existing glass is not all that great.The location is terrific. You're close to everything but not in the middle of the madness as with the Times Square Hotels.	
Jan 27 2005	Fantastic Hotel	We stayed at the Michelangelo over the New Year's holiday. We travel to NYC frequently, have passed this hotel and always wanted to stay. We were NOT disappointed.The lobby is beautiful with a comfortable bar. The staff in every part of the hotel were friendly, accomodating and helpful. The rooms by NYC standards are VERY large and beautifully appointed. I would recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to NYC. A wonderful experience through and through.	
Jan 26 2005	loved the michelangelo	Me and my Husband stayed the weekend of the blizzard.The room was great. Only problem was the first night our room faced the street and was very noisy. The following day we were moved to a inside room that i highly recomend. The ny times delivered at the door in the am nice touch. Tvs could be bigger.Bathroom was great.Door men were super can't do enough for you.conceirge service very helpful and the little italian bar tender in the eve. was a love.Will say here again. Great Great value. Also check out Broadwaybox.com Save On broadway tickets for no charge.I got ticket to STOMP for $35 instead of $65. By the way AWSOME show.	
Jan 22 2005	Very Impressed	The Michelangelo was amazing. The lobby is beautifully appointed with rich, lush colors and marble everywhere. There is a lounge area where they offer continental breakfast in the mornings and which serves as a bar in the evenings. These are only the minor details, though.The best part of The Michelangelo is the room!! It's HUGE. It's also immaculate, well-furnished (An armchair, couch, and coffee table in a NY hotel room? Unheard of!), and the turn-down chocolates are a special touch. The little details such as the black-out curtains and the fancy CD-player alarm clock were just icing on the cake. The bathroom (also marble) had a separate tub/toilet area from the sink/dressing area. (Curiously enough, there was a TV in the sink/dressing area, too.)I would highly recommend staying here. I've been in other &quot;nice&quot; hotels (The Waldorf, the Hudson, etc.), and The Michelangelo is my favorite. The Michelangelo is worth every penny, and it well deserves its 4 star rating. You will not be disappointed.	
Jan 15 2005	Wouldn't stay anywhere else!!	My fiance and I stayed at the Michelangelo December 19-23, 2004. This was our first trip to NYC. We made reservations at two other hotels before deciding on this one - based upon reviews from this site - and it was the perfect choice. Room was HUGE and had lots of extras. Didn't find out until we checked out that we had been given an upgrade - at no charge!!. Hotel was VERY clean (I'm a health inspector!) with friendly, helpful staff. The limited breakfast didn't bother us, we were out and about early each day exploring the city. Found a great restaurant right around the corner on Broadway called Maxie's. Three huge pancakes and fruit for about $12. Really enough for two to share - I could never finish more than one pancake myself. Also delicious hot chocolate - we went back twice for to-go cups to keep us warm while we enjoyed the city at night. This hotel is convenient to everything. About 5 minute walk to NBC if you want to see Katie and Matt in the morning, theatres, broadway, subway - right around the corner from just about everything!! A great choice!	
Jan 11 2005	2005 Began Here!	My husband and I spent three nights at The Michelangelo including New Year's Eve. It was awesome. Our room was spacious, clean, and well-decorated. The staff- from housekeeping to the bartenders- were efficient and friendly. Based on one review, I was nervous that we might get the cold shoulder because we're a younger couple and we dress very casually but never once did we get the cold shoulder. The location was perfect as all of the Midtown attractions were in walking distance. Staying at this hotel was really the icing on the cake to a wonderful holiday weekend.	
Jan 3 2005	Best ever stay in NYC	I've been to NYC many times but the Michelangelo Hotel was the best bar none I've ever stayed in. The hotel was perfectly located - 51st between Rockefeller Center and Times Square - it was in perfect condition, the room was luxurious, clean - like new and the personnel from the front desk to the doormen to the chamber maids were beyond friendly. It was a pleasure to interact witht them (is this New York I ask?). The hotel was private, quiet, and not overrun with toursts and their kids.I simply am looking forward to the next time I can go to New York - part of which is to experience this hotel again.	
Jan 3 2005	This hotel was wonderful!	My husband and I have just returned from a 3 night stay at this hotel. One of the other reviews mentioned something about being treated rudely based upon how they were dressed, but I have to say that we didn't experience this at all. We were both dressed very casually and had lots of questions about parking our car, checking in, etc... and Carlos, the wonderful doorman, couldn't have been nicer. He actually was much more pleasant and helpful than the people at the front desk, but we saw him a lot and were more comfortable asking him questions. Our room was on the 5th floor and faced 51st and the corner of 7th Ave., which could be a little noisy for some I'm sure. We noticed the noise but after walking all over the city each day, we still slept well. We didn't try the breakfast or room service so I can't comment on that. However, we did eat at the Europa Cafe which is across the street, and that was good. The room itself was very clean and spacious, and the turn-down service was a nice treat. I also liked our personal doorbell, but that's probably because I like the little things. :) As others have mentioned, the location is great, and I definitely agree. We were steps away from Radio City, Rockefeller Center, Times Square, the subway, etc... We will definitely return to the Michelangelo...hopefully getting the same great rate we had this time ($195/night)!	
Dec 6 2004	great location	Loved this hotel with fantastic rooms (huge for New York). Wish I'd known about the complimentary car to financial district though, didnt see that mentioned anywhere. Oh and I didnt need the guy on reception making a joke out of my room not being ready until 3.30pm when i'd been travelling for 12 hours. But when it was finally ready it was worth waiting for.I'd definately recommend this hotel for the location, walking distance to central park, grand central station, time square etc.	
Dec 1 2004	Fantastic Hotel in the heart of this fabulous city	My husband and I stayed at the Michelangelo from November 20th until November 24th 2004. It is an excellent base to explore this amazing city. Just around the corner from Times Square and Radio City Music Hall. It is only a couple of blocks from the Rockefeller Center. The rooms are large with huge beds! The baths are enormous. They come to turn down your bed each night and leave lovely chocolates. The rooms are well equipped with everything you would need and even have 2 TVs. The staff are friendly and helpful and they will even provide a complimentary car + chauffeur to take you to the financial district in the morning if you want, great for visiting Ground Zero and Wall Street. They offer complimentary pastries and muffins for breakfast. We hope to return soon. What more can I say, EXCELLENT!	
Nov 28 2004	Great Hotel	Unfortunately my husband &amp; I only stayed 1 night in N.Y. however, staying at the Michaelangelo Hotel made our short visit a great one! After reading the good reviews, I decided to book this hotel. I was not disappointed. Location was ideal, room was clean and comfy. We will certainly plan to return here for any future trips to N.Y.	
Nov 17 2004	Pleasantly surprised!	A friend and I stayed at the Michelangelo over the weekend and we were both very pleased with the level of service and the accomodations. We were a bit nervous, as we both normally stay at the Ritz or Four Seasons, but both were booked in New York at this time. The room was spacious and very clean, not overly luxurious, but nice. Everyone was extremely helpful, ecspecially James the concierge. He was absolutely on top of everything for us and we kept him busy. Even called him about a lunch recommendation that he had made and an hour wait that we didn't have time for......within a few minutes he had called the owner and we were seated five minutes later. While we were at dinner he called to make sure we were pleased and sent us champagne. We were also right across the street from &quot;Mama Mia&quot; which was hilarious!The morning coffee/capuccino and pastries was a nice little touch if you like that type of thing.I would recommend the hotel if you want to stay in the Time's Square area.	
Nov 17 2004	A GREAT HOTEL 	We stayed one nite on Nov. 13, 2004 for our anniversary. I had requested an early check in, when I called to confirm the reservation they said no problem. We arrived at 1pm and was told our room would not be ready until 3pm. I then said I was told over the phone that an early check in would be no problem. A room became available within minutes. The room was very nice &amp; clean. I was surprised at the size of it &amp; the bathroom also. We had dinner at the resturant in the hotelI believe it is called limoncellos. The food was average &amp; the prices reasonable.I had an apple martini that was $10.00. The location of this hotel is perfect! We walked to the wax museum in the afternoon (about 9 blocks) &amp; then to 45th st for the &quot;ave Q&quot; show at 8pm. (very good show!) We chose not to do the complimentary breakfast because of the reviews on this site. We asked the bellman to recommend a good place to eat. He sent us up just one block to the Stardust diner. This is a 1950's theme diner where the waiter &amp; waitresses get up &amp; sing oldie songs (very fun) All in all this hotel met all of our expectations &amp; we will definitely be back again. New York City is the best!!!	
Nov 12 2004	Perfect Location!!!	We stayed at the Michelangelo last weekend for a &quot;couples weekend&quot; in New York. The hotel is conveniently located to Rockefeller Center, the theatre district and Times Square. We were able to walk everywhere. It's a beautiful hotel with above average rooms. Our room had recessed lighting, book shelves, a Bose radio, marble bathroom, towels replaced throughout the day and a comfortable bed. The only negative to the room was the noise from being on the street-side of hotel. I recommend that you request a room away from the street. The breakfast was okay, nothing great, but sufficient. My husband wanted a Coke with ice and had to pay an additional $5. I would definitely stay here again. The location, cleanliness and well-appointed rooms are worth a return visit. I would also recommend that you book well in advance in order to get the lowest rate. We paid $240 per night, but spoke to some others who paid a great deal more for the same type of room.	
Nov 7 2004	Don't !!!!!	I stayed in this hotel from 29th to 5th of November and I don't recomended!Rooms are nice and very clean...good job!Good location,but.............people working in a front desk are not polite,never say hello or good night,in this hotel is complimentary breakfest but you have to pay for beverages and you will just get small muffins.In a rush hour to get a taxi in this location took us 40 min.Nobody will help you with your luggages even doormen watching you to get off to taxi.If you need a help ,you have to asked for it and pay for it....nothing is for free in this hotel.You pay for the internet 10 $ every night a every night I had problems and had to call the lobby to send somebody,guy who came up to fixed the problem call some servise line and they charged me for it, in the end off the trip even when it was not my fault.I will never stayed here again....check out hotel Avalon in 16 E 32nd Str.-very nice,very polite,complimentary breakfest-huge,compare to Michelangelo,bigger rooms,biger bathroom,guys by the door always help you with anything and internet is for free.You are already pay 200 $ at least for the hotel so why NOT FIND A GOOD ONE ,RIGHT?GOOD LUCK&gt;	
Oct 29 2004	Amazing Hotel	The Michaelangelo is an incredibly beautiful hotel, with large rooms and impeccable service. The rooms have a luxurious feel and the amenities are fabulous. We were more than satisfied with every aspect of our experience and look forward to staying there again in the future. If you want the most for your money in a fantastic location, this is definitely your hotel.	
Oct 19 2004	Exceptional Value	Deserving of it's 4 Star rating. Room and service was superb! Location was great. Will definitely stay here again!	
Oct 13 2004	Best Value	Girls weekend and it was enhanced by our stay at the Michelangelo. One block to Rockefeller Center, one block to Mama Mia(5stars), 3 blocks to Restaurant Row, one block to Radio City..get the idea? The deli on corner of 7th avenue and 50th st.(A&amp;K?) has the best food, quick service, excellent prices for bkft/lunch. My only dissatisfaction with the Michelangelo is the comp breakfast. Coffee, tea, and dried up pastries is the only offering, no juices or yogurt, and you must eat in the lobby, no coffee in the rooms. But its Free!!! We supped at the deli most mornings. Staff is 5star as well. Luscious Italian chocolates on our pillows. Can I say more??	
Oct 5 2004	Loved this hotel!	Just returned from a 2 day stay at the Michelangelo and it was perfect. The staff was gracious and warm. I told them it was my 49th birthday and my first trip to New York. They asked if we wanted an upgrade from a standard room to a suite for $30.00 more and my husband said yes. The room was beautiful, great bed, 2 bathrooms one with a bidet, 4 televisions, kitchette, living room. They provide toiletries and bathrobes in the large bathroom. The location was excellent, walking distance to almost all the great tourist sites. The breakfast was ok, just had coffee and tea because there are so many great places nearby to have breakfast. The only complaint was the price of 2 drinks at the bar one night...$20.00, expensive so don't recommend having one before bed! When we checked out we looked at our bill and we were never charged the extra $30.00 for the upgrade, their mistake or they just decided to be nice for my birthday I don't know but we got a great room at a great price $199.99. Try this hotel you won't be disappointed!	
Sep 26 2004	nice	My wife and I stayed here in the beginning of September. It was very nice but you get what you pay for. There are better deals around (see my review of the Sheraton Manhattan). The room was beyond beautiful and spacious. I was expecting a little more from the breakfast though.	
Sep 10 2004	Couldn't Be Better!	Took my wife to NYC for her first trip there....a little 4 day vacation. Booked everything through Expedia, but based the hotel on the reviews on tripadvisor. . I was nervous because everything looks great in the pictures, but when you get there it doesn't look like the same place. Needless to say it was perfect. The Michelangelo Hotel was everything we wanted. Great location to everything NYC has to offer. Staff was excellent, the rooms large and well furnished. I would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to stay in a beautiful hotel right in the center of NYC.	
Aug 24 2004	Flawless!	My husband &amp; I decided last minute to go to NYC for our 27th anniversary. I made reservations on Fri 8/20 for a 1 night stay Sat 8/21 at The Michelangelo Hotel, which I had seen in a few guidebooks &amp; online. It is at 152 W. 51st St. I was given a great rate, and on arrival they had upgraded us to a suite for the occasion. When we arrived, it was dinner time &amp; we asked the concierge for a recommendation for a restaurant. He reserved a table at Remy for us AND sent us a glass of champgane. (It was basically around the corner from the hotel.) The meal was delicious, staff attentive- not obtrusive. The concierge also made reservations for us at Gotham Comedy Club. We were 2 people away from the comedian!!! We had a wonderful time. It was so reassuring knowing that everything had been taken care of! The hotel itself is clean, nicely appointed &amp; convenient. I plan to make it my NY homebase.	
Aug 3 2004	AWESOME	Booked this hotel based on reviews from this site, and the hotel exceeded my expectations. Perfectly located, short walks to anywhere you wanted to be. Times square close but far enough away to be out of the bustle and central park well within walking distance. Arrived at 11 am and room not ready but called from lunch at 12:30 and room was ready early. The room was very nice and spacious. If you are like me and book rooms based on reviews you can not go wrong with staying here I promise. Also, Ruth Chris steakhouse is right next door which has awesome steaks. Many resturants well within walking distance. You won't be sorry staying here.	
Jul 7 2004	Wonderful time in NYC....loved the Michelangelo!!!	My daughter and I stayed at the Michelangelo for her senior trip. We chose the Michelangelo based on trip advisor's reviews and were not dissapointed. I asked for a room with two beds and we were bumped (for a very small fee) to a jr suite, which had two king size beds. The room was very large, the bathroom was great as well as plenty of closet space. Her friends (who were on the trip and staying at the Howard Johnsons) were amazed at the difference in quality of the hotels...of course there was a difference in price, but well worth it! It is not like the larger hotels were you feel that you are just one of the crowd. I have stayed at the Waldorf Astoria and much prefer the Michelangelo. For the same price, my room was much larger and just as nice. The doorman greets you each time you enter or leave (and he remembers you!). The room service was great, I ordered a pot of coffee and it was there within 10 minutes. The twice daily maid serve was nice as well (and oh boy, chocolates!). We felt well taken care but not intruded upon. The location cannot be beat! It is within easy walking distance to 5th ave, theatres and restaurants. The only drawback would be not having a coffee pot in the room. Yes, you can go down for the free coffee and pastries, but I would rather stay in my pajamas and have the whole pot in my room. Will stay at the Michelangelo on my next visit! Loved it!!	
Jul 3 2004	The Fams in NY	In August, 2001, I took my daughters and wife to NY for their first time, my 20th, for them to spend the weekend and I to stay over for a week for work. We had two rooms, so the girls could enjoy themselves. I had spent several days at the hotel on business, and was sure that the family would enjoy it.The weekend was great (plays, restaurants, etc) and them came Sunday. I had ordered a car service, just for the air conditiontioning, from the concierge. Instead, the hotel ordered a stretch limo, but charged me the lower amount. It was a huge treat for the girls for their trip to LaGuardia, and made the leaving tolerable.DB	
Jun 19 2004	First Time at the Michelangelo	My daughter and I stayed here for 4 days over Memorial Day weekend 2004. Picked the hotel based on reviews here and another travel board. Paid $199 for a regular (superior) room w/king bed. Asked for a quiet interior room as I had read reviews here on hearing noise btwn. rooms. Ours was quiet, only heard people next door openign and closing their door. Nice furnishings, Bose stereo, 3 phones, small TV in bathrm. (would have rather had a coffeemaker), nice deep tub, great for soaking, and handheld showerhead. Tried to get upgrded but could not. This room as no bigger than ones at Essex House or Sheraton Manhattan or Westins where I stay. Good housekeeping service (brought iron and baord promptly) but they took our robes every day and didn't replace them, so had to call every day to get new ones brought back. BIG CON: ROOM SERVICE!! Would not stay there for again on pleasure or business due to this. Called three times for room service for two different meals, they never picked up! Front desk picked up and said Rm Service was very busy and they would call me back. Waited 40 minutes, no calls back either time, so we had to get dressed and go out to eat both times. This was a huge bummer, as part of a hotel leisure stay w/my daughter is the treat of room service for her, and the free breakfast was so dinky that we really wanted breakfast in bed one day. As others have noted, the free breakfast is not worth it, except you get coffee, but frankly I'd rather have coffee in the room than have to go down and try to find a dirty place to sit in that little tiny lobby area they have set up for pastries and coffee, because they will not let you take a cup of coffee out of the hotel or up to your room, and all the tables are taken or dirty when you go down there. Also, our minibar was broken (entire locking mechanism fell out to the floor) and it didn't get fixed while we were there although I reported it, which left me worried about getting charged for things we hadn't used. I will go back to Sheraton Manhattan next time, when their club level reopens for breakfast- now that is a real breakfast w/Starbucks coffee, all kinds of fresh fruits and berries, fresh cereals/granola, all kinds of bagels to toast, etc. For $199, the Michelangelo was ok, but the room service problem sealed the future fate of this hotel for me. No one cared when I said something about it when I checked out- the clerk said &quot;Yeah, they do get busy in room service&quot; and that was it. The best part was the location- steps from both of the theaters we went to.	
Jun 11 2004	Michelangelo Hotel NYC	My daughter and I stayed at this hotel for a weekend at the end of May. This is a wonderful hotel. Henry, the best doorman ever, gave us wonderful recommendations for restaurants that were close by. We were on the 5th floor right on 6th avenue and there was no noise that bothered us from the street. The turndown service is much appreciated after a hard day of sightseeing and shopping. My only minor problem was the pastry and coffee breakfast. My 12 year old daughter does not like coffee or expresso so we had to pay 4.50 for a small glass of orange juice!!	
Jun 10 2004	Nice but overrated	This hotel is highly ranked on many sites, and, indeed, there are things to recommend it. The location is perfect: near the theater district, but out of the hubbub of Times Square. The lobby is gorgeous, and the service is friendly. My executive room was very spacious; however, the furnishings could charitably be called eclectic, the a/c unit was so noisy it kept me awake, and the one small window overlooking an air shaft provided so little light that it was like living in 24-hour darkness. Even the hotel's fans admit that the complimentary breakfast of coffee and dry pastries is unimpressive. 	
Jun 8 2004	THe best Romantic getaway	My husband and I have made the Michelangelo our getaway. We have stay more than a dozen times and have always had a wonderful expereience.The european feel takes you to another place.We always try to stay in a different room as they are all so different!The staff is friendly and efficient and the location is fabulous. This hotel is a great find !	
Jun 3 2004	Can't Wait to Return	I just returned on June 1 from a trip to New York and we stayed 2 of the 4 nights at the Michelangelo. I have stayed in numerous hotels in New York, but overall this had to be the best. The location is fabulous -- very near 5th Avenue, great restaurants. Times Square, Subway entrance and even Broadway is easily walking distance. The staff were more than accommodating and the rooms were tastefully decorated, large and an incredible bathroom facility -- most N.Y. hotel rooms are small, but not the case at the Michelangelo. I highly recommend and will definitely stay with them again.	
Jun 3 2004	Personal Appreance will make or break your stay	This past weekend I stayed at the Michelangelo with my best friend. This was her first trip to New York and I wanted to make it memorable. The location is great and the hotel is beautiful, no complaints here. The bathroom is amazing and the shower makes you feel like you have just enetered heaven, choclates on pillows at night are also nice. However, it stops here. Me and my friend checked in and even though there was a bellhop and doormen, we did not have any doors opened for us and had to carry our own luggage upsraires, no service was offered to us. The next day we walked outside the hotel to get a cab and had to walk to the corner to get one ourselves, again there was service, just not offered to us. Upon checking out a very arrogant desk assistant claimed that there was a charge from our mini bar , but he could not tell us what. I asked him to find out(this ofcourse made him have to do some extra work) it was a bag of peanuts. I explained tht we did not take anything. Instead of taking our word he made us wait while he contacted housekeeping. The keeper who rported it missing was not available and he said he guess he would take it off. As I was checking out two professionals were checking in and were greeted in a completely diffrent manner and they were greeted with a bell hop to take their two bags up stairs. Upon leaving I asked for a receipt and he told me he could not give me one since I booked it through a on line travel agent.(I have booked with them before and have always gotten a receipt) so then I asked the total that my bill would be charged and he told me he could not give me this information. He did not attempt in any way to go out of his way and see if he could get this information. When I asked for a card or number where I could contact someone again he told me he had nothing. After exiting the hotel I saw another professional women exit and was asked if she needed a cab, the bell hop stepped out into the street and called one for her. I would never go back here again. Me and my friend are in our late 20's she is in law school and I work with many corporate clients. We were dressed for vacation and relaxation, not work. Be prepared to be treated upon your age and appreance. I have never been treated so poorly at a hotel where I was spending a good deal of money to stay.You could probaly find this elegance at a anothet hotel and be treated with respect.	
May 25 2004	very nice hotel well located	The Michelangelo is a very nice, small and well-located hotel. The staff was, without exception, very nice and friendly. They went out of their way to make sure we were happy and comfortable and offered to upgrade our room without missing a step. We had a very large room which we shared with our teenaged son for several nights. We actually had two king-sized beds which were very comfortable, the linens were beautiful, the towels huge and the amenities lovely. (The chocolates on the turned-down bed at night reminded me of the old days at the Plaza!) The complimentary NY Times with cappuccino and brioches was a bonus every morning. I would highly recommend this hotel.	
May 12 2004	Elegant 	What a fantastic hotel! Gorgeous rooms, polite, friendly staff, and the location cannot be beaten. This was our first time in New York and the Michelangelo made sure it won't be our last. It is a lovely serene place to relax after the hustle and bustle of the city. The price ($189 per night) dollars is definately competitive and even more so considering the current strength of the dollar! Highly recommended.	
May 12 2004	Fantastic!	We spent 5 nights here recently and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. With Times Square and Broadway at your doorstep the location could not be better. Our room was beautiful, the bath tub was huge and the complimentary shoe shine was a nice touch. Our first introduction to NYC - wow!	
May 10 2004	Nirvana at The Michelangelo	I booked rooms for 12 women for our yearly retreat...we women are a difficult group to please!Everyone praised The Michelangelo from the time we checked in to saying goodbye to the staff, who could not be more helpful. The rooms were beautiful and very comfortable. The beds and linens a joy to return to every night. Bathrooms were clean and upscale with marble and granite. I have insisted my daughter and her husband stay at The Michelangelo in October when they visit NYC. Hooray!!! A hotel you can call HOME!!!	
May 10 2004	Beautiful so Italian!	My husband and I celebrated our 20th wedding anniversary with a trip to NY. We stayed here May 8, 2004. We asked for early check in and when arriving at 11:45 AM our room was not only ready but because of our anniversary we were upgraded to a suite at no extra charge. Room was beautiful, modern, large. Bose CD Stereo player in room, as was tv and phone in bathroom! Spotless. Everyone so friendly. They validated our $33.00 overnight parking also as a perk. In the morning complimentary cappucino, espresso and baked goods in very comfortable lounge. Bartender at lounge at night Vittorio so friendly and makes a great martini! Great, great location. We walked to everything. We didn't use the car at all. Times square, theater, St. Patrick's for Sunday mass. You will love staying at this hotel. Trust us!	
May 5 2004	Highly Recommended	Having just returned from a long w/e staying at the Michelangelo I wanted to say how impressed I was with all aspects of the hotel. The room was massive by anyone's standards and immaculate, the staff courteous, the lobby was elegant and the location excellent. All round a very pleasant stay. The only very minor downside is the underwhelming breakfast (included in price). Don't let this deter you, book this hotel.	
Apr 29 2004	I liked it	My room was not quite ready when I arrived so I had a cocktail at the Bar. The bartender was very nice and very generous. I was told that my room was upgraded because I had to wait. The room was quite large and nice. The only complaint was that the bed was sunken in the middle a bit but it was still comfortable. The room also had a sofa with two chairs and a coffee table. The large walk-in bar was something that I had to photograph because I knew everyone back home wouldn't have believed such a thing. There was also an entry hall with books on shelves. I went to the free breakfast one morning and it was so crowded that I decided to eat elsewhere. I would say my stay was positive and I would stay there again.	
Apr 23 2004	Gorgeous	Beautiful and cosy hotel. Spent 2 wonderful nights and what made me love it was the Bose CD player.Recommended stay.Try the capuccino at the bar in the lobby.	
Apr 17 2004	Absolutely amazing experience...	My partner and I booked the hotel, based on pictures we found online, and the reviews we read on this site. Long story short, it was a stellar choice. The location CANNOT be beat. The lobby is gorgeous. Front desk, concierge, and staff were helpful, attentive, and very friendly. The rooms were spotless, beautifully decorated, and VEEEEEERY spacious, especially by New York's standards. It was well worth spending 25.00 - 50.00 more a night, to have such a completely positive experience. The only downside, was that we were in the room so little, it almost seemed a shame to have such a top notch space. We will, without any doubt, stay at the Michelngelo in our future NY trips. BOOK THIS ROOM!!!!!!!!!!	
Mar 16 2004	A little disappointing...	Staid in this hotel the weekend of March 12, 2004. Although the lobby is beautiful and the staff friendly enough, we were disappointed in the appointments of the room. We staid in a junior suite which was very large with 2 king beds and plenty of room - however, the bathroom was one of the worst designs I've seen - no decent light at all, only one small sink, etc, the beds were VERY uncomfortable, and our view was of piled up rubbish and construction materials on a scaffold outside our window. As I said, service was good - but not exceptional. The hotel restaurant was very good but they played loud rock music throughout so although on decor they tried to create an ambiance - the music killed it. All in all had expected a higher degree of service and luxury based on what I'd read. We stayed at the Westin a few months ago and for $100 less per night had more comfortable beds and the equal amount of service and luxury.	
Feb 22 2004	worth the praise - civilised oasis	After spending an inordinate amount of time researching hotels - surfing all the sites, reading reviews - we plumped for the Michelangelo.Initially, we'd been tempted by the fashionable boutique hotels (Schrager pzazz etc) but reckoned they were more a case of style over substance.The Michelangelo was fab. Whilst it was just somewhere to crash, it met all the requisites: class location, calm &amp; civilised reception, very elegant &amp; spacious room/bathroom &amp; good service. In other words a proper hotel, that isn't just a fad.NYC was great - our first visit. There's enough buzz &amp; vibrancy in the city, without trying to recreate it in the hotel.We partied so hard, that we missed the freebie breakfast both days...though that was never really an incentive for booking.Booked through discount web site, was given a room upgrade and laughed at the strength of sterling versus the plummeting dollar.Enjoy.	
Feb 3 2004	Exemplary service	Perfect location, outstanding service. Warm, comfortable lobby and lounge area. Grand room (one small window was the only negative). The Italian breakfast could use an upgrade. How about some juice and better pastry/breads?	
Jan 31 2004	I love this hotel!!!!!	Excellent!!! The place to stay in NYC. Great service, great location, and a large, lovely room. How can this be in NYC?????	
Jan 17 2004	Great hotel but New York is noisy!	The Michelangelo is truly a luxurious and unique hotel. From the delicious lobby with its separated seating areas, fresh flowers and relaxing ambience through the mirrored corridors to the huge perfectly-decorated rooms with marble bathrooms and baths-for-two. It's the nicest hotel I've stayed in and certainly the largest and best-furnished rooms. It's a place for those who don't want the same old look of a chain hotel.My only warning is that if you're arriving with jetlag, the streets on the side of the hotel are extremely noisy all night, leaving you feeling less-than-refreshed and potentially spoiling your stay. The management were fantastic though - they moved both rooms to more expensive internally-facing rooms with no charge and this made all the difference. (I imagine that larger hotels with higher floors and double glazing would be best if you're really tired).Breakfast in the lobby is a much more sophisticated experience than the typical restaurant buffets most hotels offer. Sipping a coffee on a plush sofa with hot pastries is a great way to wake up to the day. (Just note that you can't take a coffee or pastry up to your fellow guests in their room - nearly every guest asked and were declined).I would recommend this highly to anyone looking for a luxurious hotel that doesn't need to be pretentious to prove itself.	
Jan 12 2004	Great Hotel Experience	My wife and I are newlyweds and this past Christmas we decided to take a Christmas trip to New York City instead of giving each other gifts. This was our first time visiting NYC. We researched almost every website for reviews on hotels, as we are very picky about staying at hotels. We finally decided on the Michelangelo. What a wonderful place. The staff was excellent and extremely friendly and knowlegable about the places to visit. Bell-Hop Henry is the Man. The hotel is very clean with comfortable beds and lovely bathrooms. I was very impressed on the size of the room. We reserved our hotel based on a internet special for $195. Well worth it. The Hotel is smack in the middle of New York City. Only one block from Radio City Music Hall and about 2 blocks to Time Square. The hotel is very quiet, as it sits off the main road. The continental breakfast is another plus. One tip, park your car yourself in the Michelangelo Parking Deck. Parking deck is about 2 blocks from hotel and is very secure and inexpensive. This hotel made our vacation a wonderful Holiday memory. NYC during Christmas is magnificant. We visited the Empire State Building, Statue of Liberty, saw the Radio City Christmas Spectacular, visited Ground Zero, shopped 5th Avenue, strolled Time Square, rode a carraige ride through Cental Park, and saw the Broadway play Urinetown (hilarious) in a three day visit. I highly recommend staying at The Michelangelo. Good Bless AmericaJohn and Courtney	
Dec 27 2003	The Michelangelo Hotel is for me.	We had never been to New York before &amp; I just wanted a place to take my wife for the x-mas Holiday. When I researched all of NY Hotels I just kept coming back to The Michelangelo Hotel. It was the most marvelous experience &amp; the staff was 100 plus to me. If I ever get the chance to return to NY I will be crazy not to stay @ Michelangelo's. Thank-You everyone associated with this fine Hotel, you made my x-mas surprise to my wife a blessing. May you &amp; your staff continue to be everything you are &amp; much more. Happy Holidays!Richard &amp; Mary	
Dec 7 2003	The Reviews were right. The Michelangelo is First rate	The Michelangelo Hotel was comfortable, with larger than expected rooms for a position so close to the action in the theatre district. Staff were very pleasant and helpful. Highly recommended.	
Nov 26 2003	Lovely hotel but small room	I have long wanted to stay at the Michelangelo and finally did in October 2003. I loved the lobby and all the public spaces, but found our room a bit confining. It was nicely decorated, however, and the bathroom was beautiful (though small, too). I definitely appreciated the courteous staff and the lovely continental breakfast in the lobby!	
Nov 20 2003	Loved the Michelangelo	I just got back from a wonderful trip to NY. The hotel was great - very elegant. Fast elevators - a piece of Baci Chocolate on your pillow every night placed during turn down service. Complimentary breakfast in the lobby each morning which included fresh cappaccino, espresso, muffins, fruit. The only negative was that my cell phone didn't work in my room. I would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Oct 28 2003	Hotel Squisito!	Wonderful spacious rooms, clean, well stocked, courteous and helpful staff, beautiful hotel. Can be pricey, but what hotel in NYC isn't? This is definitely worth a stay. Not a single problem with this visit when we stayed at Michelangelo.	
Oct 27 2003	Nice; But 5 stars? Come on!	My wife and I stayed at the Michelangelo earlier this month. We were convinced to stay there by our friends' recommendation, and by the sterling reviews it received from Tripadviser guests. Maybe the expectations created were too high, but we were somewhat disappointed. The room was decent sized, but hardly palatial. We did like the Bose stereo radio as billed. The bedding was mundane and the carpets were stained in many places. The bathroom was marble, as promised, but otherwise small. The room would have been blissfully and incredibly quiet at night but for the outrageously noisy air conditioning unit which kept us up much of the night as it constantly went on and off. And beware the coffee police! In the morning, I committed the heinous crime of attempting to take a cup of coffee from the free continental breakfast (hope you're not hungry) area to my room. After the staffer finally looked up at me (after standing in front of him for 2 full minutes) and gruffly said that there were no to-go cups, I tried to take up a china cup. Before I had gone 3 steps, I was promptly advised by another staffer that no coffee could leave the eating area. (The manger later explained (unsatisfactorily) that the hotel had previously been sued a la the famous McDonald's case, hence the unique anti-coffee rule.) I later snuck up a cup from a carryout nearby. Next time, I'm spending my $250 at the Marriott Marquis. So should you.	
Oct 19 2003	Best Hotel Experience in five years in NYC	We stayed at the Michelangelo while in NYC for the Sinatra Tribute on the 17th of October, 2003. It is by far the best hotel experience we have had in all of our visits to NYC. The staff was exceptionally helpful, immaculate rooms, turn down service, wonderful Italian breakfast with real Cappuccino, just like we enjoyed in Italy. Very convenient location, around the corner from Radio City Music Hall. We will definitely be a frequent guest, and will send all of our friends and family there. They even offer a free shoe shine service, leave your shoes in a bag when you turn in, when you awake in the morning they will be outside your door. Since this is a hotel that is based in Italy, they even offer free Italian newspapers, as well as free limousine service to Wall Street every day. I can't say enough, it was great!!	
Oct 17 2003	Great Boutique Hotel	A friend requested that I recommend a boutique hotel in NY because they didn't like large hotels with &quot;convention&quot; atmosphere. I wanted to recommend something nice because I know what NY hotel rooms can cost and what you get for the outragious rates . Well, I selected the Michelangelo and when I visited my friend I was most pleasantly surprised. Not only was the lobby beautiful, but the rooms were also spacious and beautifully decorated. The bathroom even had a color TV. This hotel is a true gem. We both agreed that this hotel was a keeper.	
Oct 12 2003	WARNING-The WORST hotel experience	There are much better hotels. After traveling down from Boston we got into NYC at 4(room was to be available at 3), exhausted, my fiance and I arrived at the hotel, awaiting a quick nap, instead, we were treated horribly; had to wait for hours(offered us a drink from the bar but neither of us drink)for our reserved room(I noticed three other couples waiting too!), but then never got it!--We were put on a smoking floor and I have bad allergies--and our room wasn't discounted at all for this. They explained it as the people extended their stay--this means that our reserved room is taken and we'd have to wait around for the next available room whenever that would be! This was supposed to be a romantic valentines day weekend and they made it nearly unbearable for us.	
Sep 30 2003	Great hotel Great bargain!	My wife and I stayed at the Michelangelo the last weekend of September, 2003. We were in New York celebrating her birthday. James, the concierge, arranged for a beautiful flower arrangement to be in the room with a nice Happy Birthday note. The room was large, with an impressive bathroom. The deep tub was marvelous! The room was serviced twice daily and the turndown service was nice. The Bose radio playing classical music was a great touch! The Lobby Bar is a quiet place to meet friends and is where the complimentary continental breakfast is served. The Michelangelo is located near Broadway, the Rockefeller Center and a lot of great shopping. Subway stops are also nearby. I think the Michelangelo is a wonderful hotel and is a bargain compared to surrounding hotels. I highly recommend it!	
Sep 16 2003	Michelangelo is wonderful!!!	Stayed at Michelangelo for 5 nights over Labor Day, 2003. Beautiful, quiet (for NYC), upgraded studio suite on 5th floor. Location is ideal: not too close to the noisy, crowded Times Square area and close enough to walk to to all major mid-town venues and Central Park. Service is prompt and courteous. Room was tidied twice a day. Concierge staff were beyond helpful in giving directions and making reservations. We recommend the Michelangelo without a doubt. Stay here and you will be impressed.	
Sep 5 2003	Fabulous choice!!	My husband and I chose New York for our final destination on our honeymoon. We spent months looking for the perfect hotel. When we continuously saw rave reviews for this hotel at first we were skeptical. Well, the experience definately proved us wrong. It was the most wonderful end to a great trip. They upgraded us to a 1 bedroom suite due to our honeymoon. The suite was like an apartment without a kitchen. It was loaded with marble and a library worth of books. The staff is very helpful with reservations and it seems that they find geat pleasure in making your stay the best you could imagine. I really could not say anything bad at all about the hotel. The location is great and taxis were plentiful. We will definately make the Michelangelo our New York home away from home.	
Aug 3 2003	wonderful small sophisticated safe and welcoming	I loved this hotel. It was perfect - not impersonal in any way. As a lone traveller, it was an oasis in the large city. Sit down and visit with Bernie, he is a gem.	
Jul 7 2003	Fantastic	Our company used the Michelangelo Hotel for a business meeting with 16 participants. The hotel was fantastic, from the absolutely wonderful rooms to the service, and the great &quot;European feel&quot;. The staff was helpful, friendly and the meeting staff was available non-stop. They do not have a business office per se, however, they were willing to make copies for us in their offices, and Kinko's is a couple of blocks away. Definitely a great experience.	
Jun 23 2003	Look no further this is a good one		
Jun 19 2003	Bad Service Italian Style		
Jun 16 2003	the best small hotel		
Jun 11 2003	Forget the Plaza...We're going back to the Michelangelo		
Apr 18 2003	Tough to beat!		
Apr 13 2003	Fantastic Hotel		
Apr 9 2003	I loved this hotel!		
Mar 31 2003	A Fine Weekend!		
Nov 23 2002	Sometimes you have to indulge yourself!		
Jun 11 2002	Great Hotel!!		
Nov 12 2009 	Hotel Consigliatissimo		
Oct 15 2009 	????????????????????????????????????????		
Oct 13 2009 	indimenticabile ottobre		
Sep 24 2009 	Ottima posizione camere spaziose silenziose e confortevoli		
Sep 23 2009 	Una perla en Nueva York		
Aug 15 2009 	Molto molto bello ma..... Scortesissimi		
Jul 28 2009 	Spazioso ed nel cuore di Broadway		
Jul 23 2009 	Molto di più di un 4 stelle		
Jul 15 2009 	Dicono un sacco di balle		
Jun 19 2009 	ottimo lo stile italiano tranne nella colazione!		
Jun 14 2009 	Strepitoso!!!!		
May 30 2009	Gute Wahl		
May 1 2009 	fantastico hotel per una città fantastica		
Apr 19 2009 	New York Strepitosa!		
Feb 23 2009	Uneingeschränkt zu empfehlen		
Jan 29 2009	??????		
Dec 12 2008 	Hotel perfetto sotto tutti i punti di vista		
Dec 1 2008 	???????		
Nov 26 2008 	??????		
Oct 18 2008 	hotel veramente bello e confortevole		
Aug 29 2008 	Efficienza e posizione sono i pregi di questo albergo		
Aug 5 2008 	Un gran hotel en el centro de New York		
Jul 5 2008 	Semplicemente perfetto!!!		
Sep 4 2007 	Che delusione		
