	If the security of your belongings doesn't matter to you this hotel is probably fine.	This SHOULD have been a glowing review, but sadly, I would actively steer people AWAY from this hotel. Everything went along nicely during our 3 night stay --we thought the price was right, the location was good and the room and amenities were nice. Unfortunately, money vanished from our room safe and I would not feel safe staying in the hotel again....nor can I recommend the hotel to friends or colleagues. Here are the facts:We stayed in the hotel for 3 nights in mid November. During our stay, we used the hotel safe for our valuables and extra cash so we wouldn't have to carry it on the street. The night before we checked out, we took our valuables and some of the cash out of the safe, leaving $250 in the safe and locking it with our security code. We checked out the next day and though I am a very experienced traveler and always check the room thoroughly before checking out, we forgot to empty the safe. We left the hotel at 10 a.m. and only realized our mistake at 4pm when we immediately called the hotel.Supposedly, the security person on duty went to my room and used a hand held device which can over ride my personal security code. I waited on hold while he checked my room. When he got back on the phone, we said, &quot;I'm sorry, but the safe was empty&quot;.Of course, it is his word against mine, but I SAW the money in the safe and know it was locked when we left the room. If no one opened the safe in the meantime, how would you explain the vanishing act?I next talked to the head of security for the hotel several times. During our first conversation, he said that he personally went with the security person when our safe was opened. During our next conversation, when I pressed him on whether or not he SAW the safe being opened and that it was empty, he retracted his earlier statement and said, &quot;No, I didn't go to the room, I stayed at the elevator.&quot; Therefore,d the person who opened the safe had no witness. I found this revelation to be more than a bit disturbing. Why did he change his story?Next, I asked to speak to the hotel manager. I waited more than 5 hours to receive his call back. While he apologized on behalf of the hotel, he couldn't explain the discrepancy in the security staff's story and promised to &quot;get to the bottom of the situation and get back to me&quot;. I said that I looked forward to his full report and while I wish we could get our money back, I was more concerned about the hotel instituting a better security system and follow through. It has now been nearly two weeks since the incident and I haven't heard anything further from the manager......To his credit, he offered to offer a complimentary stay on a future visit, but until this issue is fully investigated and resolved, I wouldn't feel safe staying at the hotel.So....if you stay at the Empire Hotel, just remember that you are better off carrying your valuables with you. For the money that we lost, we could have upgraded to a better (and safer) hotel.One other point, during our stay, the lobby was closed off for an entire day as a TV show, Gossip Girl was being filmed there. I'm sure the hotel is compensated for the use of the space, but it added nothing but inconvenience to our stay as we had to go through alternate entrances, etc. It made me feel like the hotel was trying to use the space to make as much money as possible without any concern for how this might affect the guests. When I mentioned this issue to the front desk staff, they said the lobby was being used by a film crew nearly every week, so it is not a one off situation, but an on-going inconvenience to future guests.	
	A Closet ----A Joke!	The absolute worst hotel I have ever stayed in! Small is an understatement. Closet size space. Broken window. No iron. Bathroom was disgusting. Huge disappointment. The picture on their website is a suite....don't be fooled.	
Nov 26 2009 	Great value and location.	I stayed at The Empire Hotel from 12 Nov 09 until 15 Nov with my daughter, best friend and her daughter, When we arrived, check in was first class and reception staff really friendly. They were unable to provide us with two standard rooms, as booked, so upgraded us to superior rooms. Our rooms were lovely. Shower design leaves a lot to be desired however we managed and soon fathomed out how to control pressure and temperature! Beds clean and comfy, reception area and lounge tastfully decorated and well staffed. The location was ok, two minute walk to Central Park. Despite no tea/coffee facilities in room, Starbucks literally next door which is ideal for early morning coffee. The only other downside was the $100 per day per room deposit they required. Thought this was a bit steep especially as we only took cash and no credit card, this tied up some of our spending money until we checked out at 10am on Sunday 15th Nov.........hence some last minute shopping before our taxi arrived at 6pm. We hailed a yellow taxi from JFK airport upon arrival, make sure you agree fare before getting in. They should give you a slip of paper with price on - $45 plus $5 toll flat rate. Worked both ways for us which is really good value. Recommend 'Grey Line' tour bus. We paid $50 each for a two day ticket which is a great way for getting around. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Empire and would definately stay there again. The roof top bar is fabulous although a little pricey. Overall, a most enjoyable trip xx	
Nov 24 2009 	Very hip hotel with a warm welcoming 	We stayed for a long weekend November 20-22 and had a mostly wonderful experience. (Only complaints- bathroom size and nightclub noise). Photos of the hotel are true to life, very rich, hip, urban decor but with a warm and comfortable feel. I was suspicious that they didn't have a photo of the entrance on the web, but the entrance is very nice. If you like the look of the photos they have, you'll love it in real life. Lobby is a good size for a boutique hotel and is two-story with lots of comfy seating on both levels to rest or enjoy a cocktail. Bar is open to lobby and had fantastic drinks. Lots of rich dark browns and candles everywhere. Plenty of nooks to curl up and enjoy a cocktail after a long day of shopping on 5th Ave. Staff very friendly.We had a corner suite and it was small as far as suites go, but plenty big enough for the two of us. BTW- sofa opens to a bed. Decor was beautiful, just like the photos and our views were of the upper west side and of Lincoln Center with the fountain. Room was clean and since hotel had been recently refurbished, all felt fresh. Mini-bar in wardrobe in bedroom, wine and snacks to buy on a tray and nice bathrobes provided. Only complaint about room (besides club noise I'll mention next) was bathroom. It was tiny! Teeny tiny! Small shower with only half a door- yes, room got wet! Tiny bit of counter space but open shelves next to mirror to put our stuff worked out well enough.Club on top floor is beautiful, BUT they crank up the volume at 3am and our bed literally shook to the beat from 3-4am, AND we were on the 9th floor!!! Needless to say, it woke us up and we couldn't sleep until sometime after 4am. The club is owned by a different company so complaining would have been useless. Heard from other guests that they could feel/hear it on the 7th floor! Went to the club early in the evening, around 7pm, not crowded yet and very relaxing. Lots of sofas and conversation areas, candles, great views of the city and trendy ambiance lighting. Small outside area on roof with sofas, to smoke or get some air. Club gets a line later in evening, but hotel guests get priority entrance. There is also a small pool but only open seasonally. Two restuarants attached to hotel- both are excellent! Could have never left the building and eaten at them all weekend! Ed's Chowder House is brand new and beautiful and can be entered from the mezzanine of the hotel. P.J. Clarke's is a very nice pub-type place with lots of windows and very fresh raw oysters- entrance on street. There is a Starbuck's in the base of the building, which is great since there isn't a coffee maker in the room. Also, next to Starbuck's is a Duanne-Reed (or something like that) a large drug store that's open 24 hrs. No need to panic if you forgot to pack something!Heard from other guests that the spa was good. Neighborhood is beautiful with lots of restuarants across street and within walking distance. Central Park is about 1 and a half blocks away and Columbus Circle is about 3 blocks away with tons of places to shop and dine. You can get the carriage rides from there alongside the park. If you walk north of the hotel along 7th ave there are plenty of nice restuarants and shopping. Hotel is situated literally at the front steps of Lincoln Center- great place to stay if seeing ballet or opera. Great location if you want to avoid crowds and hectic chaos of midtown and lower Manhatten. Cab fare to &amp; from Penn station ranged from $12 - $15. If you'll be hanging out in Soho or midtown areas, you'll spend a lot of time and cash in cabs and cabfare.	
Nov 23 2009 	Do not stay here	My wife and I stayed at the Empire Hotel for one night because of a late night engagement in New York City. After checking numerous references from Expedia.com to Hotel.com we decided the Empire would work fine. It was rated four stars by both Expedia and Hotel.com. To say we were disappointed is an understatement. We left the light on in the bathroom all night to keep the roaches from invading the bathroom. That’s right “roaches.” This in a hotel that is supposedly a four star hotel. The room was small, not that brightly lit, and the shower in the next room seemed like it was in our room because of its location and the noise it made when someone took a shower. My wife and I have stayed in many, many, fine hotels over our 36 years of marriage but never have I encountered roaches in the bathroom. When we informed the front desk they told us they were very sorry but did nothing to correct the problem. I swear these hotels pay off travel sites like expedia and hotel.com to get higher ratings than they deserve. If you don’t mind a small cramped room with a bathroom full of roaches, by all means this is the hotel for you.	
Nov 23 2009 	Best Bagels	I have stayed in this hotel last week 11/13, and they had the best mini bagels I have ever tasted!	
Nov 22 2009 	NOT AS GOOD AS MAKES OUT ON THE WEBSITE	Stayed 15th November 2009 with my wife and 2 friends. On arrival we got a free upgrade to a larger room because the week before i wrote asking for a room with a view as it was my wifes birthday. This we appreciated and proceeded to our room, well no idea what size a normal room is but this was not very big at all, located on the second floor room 225. Our friends paid for there upgrade and had the room next door. Gym is located on floor below actually under room 225 and 224 , and yes is 2 rooms converted. TREAD MILL AND WEIGHTLIFTING NOICE EARLY IN THE MORNING IS NOT GOOD. Pool WAS CLOSED FOR WINTER!!!!!!! SO BEWARE IF YOU WANT A SWIM .Bar prices are high , 2 beer and 2 rose wines $70usd. We asked the barmaid about a certain place to eat which had been recommended to us....she didnt know it and infact was 2 blocks away. she spoke to her manager who inturn asked at conceirge who proceeded to google the place on a pc.Never ate in the place but the Chowdry next door looks amazing, very nice mexican in next block.Shower small and leaks all over due to screen designIf you just want a bed for the night fine but there are better hotels, i stayed in Roosevelt last time and is far superior and cheaper!!!!! Upstars bar is nice, wHEN DEPARTING we were presented with the bill under the door, this we checked and for 3 nights with bar bill, iron hire was $1400 usd . I took the bill to the desk and was asked if i was paying using the same card they swipped when checking in! i was so that was the end of it. 3 days later i checked my online bank to find that the empire had taken the money twice!!! what they dont tell you is when you check in they swipe for the 3 night full amount, then they did it again when id left. i cancelled my card wit the bank and im waiting for a explanation from the hotel, they also swiped / took 2 other transaction which im waiting to find out what they are....so beware travellers!!!!!!	
Nov 18 2009 	A disaster!	I have just arrived here this afternoon and I can't believe I have to pay over 300USD for this place. The only reason I am remaining here is because I have a business meeting and the hotel has been booked by my company and is next to the office...The receptionist was rude, very rude!the room is &quot;uncomfortable-nonsense-design&quot;...the shower is open and after you take a shower you have a lake in the bathroom.They lack basic amenities like toothpaste (i had to ask for) and slippers (very necessary to swim in the lake-bathroom).I just called the service to ask for another room and the person on the phone was, again, incredibly dry (borderline to rude).If you have to be in NYC, I advice you go somewhere else....	
Nov 17 2009 	Dog-friendly hotel perfect for walks in Central Park	Months before the Empire Hotel made its debut on Gossip Girl, we were fans. If for the location alone. We made a quick weekend visit to meet friends for dinner with no time to find a dogsitter and the Empire was the perfect solution. The rooftop pool and deck was great, but the best part was proximity to the Park. Rooms were NY boutique-small, but very nicely appointed. We happened to find a great rate on expedia, but would defintely stay there again. One down side: at night the rooftop becomes a club and there is a line outside the hotel. Doesn't really affect your visit. Just kinda lame.	
Nov 17 2009 	Great Location	This Hotel is in a great location, on Broadway, 2 min walk to central park &amp; a 10 min walk to times square.We found to stay in this hotel was alot cheaper than staying in one actually on times square. The hotel had complimentary internet access &amp; i would recommend it &amp; stay here again!Note - the room we stayed in was quite small &amp; we found the reception staff to be snooty.	
Nov 6 2009 	I was relieved.	After reading some of the reviews on Trip Advisor I was extremely nervous about staying at the Empire, but I booked my hotel through a discount travel website and could not change it. My partner and I had a great time at the Empire. The things people mention in the reviews could be true if you're focused on the negative but I found the place charming. The halls are designed with a forest wallpaper and it's like Where the Wild Things Are. I personally loved the touch. Who wants bright yellow hallways? Yes, the room was very small... but I found it cozy and I was happy to be closer to my partner for our romantic getaway. The bathroom was also very small but we just left the door open sometimes. The shower is really cool and the products were high quality. There was no view, since we were on the back of the hotel but it was very quiet and we were on top floor where I read we would be disturbed by the rooftop bar, we weren't. The hotel staff was professional and helped us find a great breakfast place a couple of blocks away. And the location was excellent... I've stayed in better hotels in NYC for less money but I thoroughly enjoyed my stay and I'll look back on the weekend with great memories.	
Nov 6 2009 	Convenient location but noisy	My friend and I stayed at the Empire Hotel this past weekend for the NYC Marathon. The location is convenient to trains and Central Park. We paid an extra $30/night to upgrade to a room with a window. However, that put us in a room facing the intersection of Columbus and Broadway on the 5th floor. At night, it was loud with pedestrian noise and sirens from emergency vehicles. The first night we had additional noise from the A/C unit. Upon notifying the front desk, they promptly sent an engineer to the room and fixed it. The bathroom is tiny and the way the shower head is positioned make leakage to the bathroom floor inevitable. So we always have a pile of wet towels on the floor. I like the convenience of the location, but the noise level is too much and the overall comfort is not enough. I probably will not return to Empire Hotel.	
Nov 6 2009 	Wonderful front desk staff and manager	Check on was smooth but the room was not ready until 4 pm. The manager, Ilona, was extremely helpful. On the advice of people on this board we had paid for an upgrade to a king executive: DON'T !! They all face Lincoln Centre where there is construction going on - all night!! NYC is the city that never sleeps! We could not sleep at all and the next morning we downgraded to a King superior for a$30 surcharge. The room was slightly smaller but quiet and just as nice.I am a very picky customer and was very concerned by reviews I had read here. We won this room on pricelime and the city was packed because of the marathon.The location is excellent with many delicious restaurants and lovely shops nearby.The rooms have all been redone and the bed and bedding are excellent, flat screen tv, very small bathroom - you had to close the door to sit on the toilet, but a great shower and minimal storage place. The closet is inadequate- it is divided in half lengthwise so that coats etc cannot hang. Our first room had a safe in the closet the second had a safe on the floor under the bedside table.The rooms are dark because the wall paper is brown and the lighting is not great. So in summary, comfortable, clean, hotel in great location, with a great staff. It would notbe my first choice, but I would not be as fearful again as long as I had an interior , high room. Our second room was on the 8 floor. We were refunded the $50. For our sleepless delux king.  Ll ll	
Nov 5 2009 	Horrible!	I strongly advise not to stay in the Empire Hotel! After specifically asking hotel staff when booking the room if the room could have two double beds I was assured that this was not a problem, although when I arrived I was told that a &quot;standard room&quot; only had the one bed. Hence I had to pay an extra $140 for my stay just to upgrade to a room that included two beds after been told by staff otherwise.Not only was the service disgraceful during that whole stay, the front desk staff and concierge treating me horribly and I felt like it was a problem to ask them for simple directions around New York. The rooms are small and crowded and the bathrooms are not big enough. If you are thinking of booking this hotel, please look around at other accommodation!	
Oct 31 2009 	NO COMPASSION	I had to planned to stay at the Empire Hotel this weekend while in NYC with my family to celebrate Halloween and run the NY Marathon. My seven year old son came down with swine flu and had a fever of 103. I called the hotel immediately @ 6:30am and told them I could not check in that night because my son had the swine flu. The manager on duty said &quot;they can not have compassion because they were losing $420 in revenue on the busiest weekend of the year.&quot; I explained that I could bring my son down and have him infect everyone on the train and in their hotel, and the manager said that would be fine, but she was not going to refund my money! Needless to say, Amtrak, the NY Marathon and everyone else refunded my money.	
Oct 30 2009 	Fabulous Location	We stayed at the Empire for 4 nights in October.The location of the hotel was, as others have mentioned, fantastic - Starbucks and chemist next door, some restaurants across the street and a 5 minute walk to Columbus Circle.The hotel does not have twin beds in any of it's standard rooms, so if you are travelling with friends not a partner you would need a superior room or a room each. The rooms are very small which is to be expected in the city, but we would have struggled if we had been sharing a room!The air conditioning unit was deafening so it was a good job it wasn't warm! The room comes with a large TV and iPod dock - my view was very restricted - if you want to stare out of your window all day (I was not fussed!) ask for a high floor and street view!The bathroom was gorgeous - rainfall shower and great products - the shower doors are not broken there is one door and the rest is open - I am not sure what other reviewers are doing in the shower but I managed not to get any water on the floor! My sink would not drain the 1st day but when I let reception know it was fixed immediately.The roof top bar was popular with the locals, but to be honest we found it a little lacking in atmosphere and you can get better cocktails cheaper at Landmarc in the Time Warner centre 5 minutes away.The lounge bar was cool and relaxed with lovely decor and helpful staff.The restaurant (Ed's Chowder House) was one of the nicest places we ate during our stay - fantastic staff and food with reasonable prices.We would stay again but were lucky we did not have to share a room	
Oct 29 2009 	Great Stay	On a recent business trip to New York, my company booked me into the Empire. I wasn't familiar with the hotel so of course I came to TripAdvisor.com to check it out. After reading some of the reviews I was quite worried.I arrived in NY earlier than expected and I called to ask what time I would be able to check in. The person that I spoke with was very friendly and said they would be able to give me a room right away. When I arrived, the front desk was equally friendly and helpful. The night desk staff wasn't quite as welcoming but still not too bad.I was booked into a junior suite so I can't comment on the size of the other rooms, but it was plenty big enough and well appointed. As for cleanliness it was very clean. Not spotless - but clean. There isn't a lot of closet space and you won't find things like an iron or hair dryer either.The room had a large king size bed with great pillows and nice linens. On the wall in front of the bed was a very large flat panel television. Most of the channels had horrible reception but were still watchable. I find this happens a lot in hotels and it is rather annoying..The bathroom was large with only a shower (with door). I didn't really like the raised wooden plank floor of the shower. I can't imagine how they can clean it properly (although it did look clean). The bathroom sink looked good, but didn't drain well and the distance between the faucet and the bottom of the sink barely gave you enough room to wash your hands. There was a very cool exposed steel beam in the middle of the room.Yes, you can hear some street noise in the room but I've never been in a NY hotel room where you didn't. It certainly wasn't loud enough to keep me awake. There was some muffled noise from adjacent rooms but again, nothing too bad and it didn't go late.Someone commented on the halls being dark and dingy and I don't agree. Yes, they do have a dark color scheme but they were new and clean. It just might not be everyones taste.The hotel is in a really great, safe area. Everything you need is close by and it is located between two subway stops.Maybe I'm just lucky but my stay was great and I'd certainly not only stay there again but would reccomend it to friends.	
Oct 22 2009 	This is the worst hotel we have ever stayed in	This is the worst hotel we have EVER stayed in! It was BARELY a 3 Star hotel – more like a 2 Star. The lobby is trendy and hip looking, but the minute you leave that space you feel like you are in a SRO building. The hallways are narrow and dreary and the room we had was less than 200 sq. feet. When I complained, I was told that it was actually on the “larger” size. The bathroom had a shower only (no tub), no place to put your toiletries except a small recessed shelf, and the walls and floor were covered in a fake-wood laminate. There was dried blood on the mattress cover.	
Oct 21 2009 	very dissapointed	We stayed 4 days in a superior 2 double bed room. The room was very small with a very limited area for closet. The air was so stuffy, that we tried to run an air conditioner. We never could get any cool air, instead only the hot air which we did not wanted. The engineer tried to service but no cool air. So we opened the window only to hear the constant street noises from traffic. My husband had to wear ear plugs all night through for our entire stay. One of the shower doors was missing which made the floor to be soggy. We had to walk on the wet towel every time we used the sink as the shower room was so small. We had to use a bottle top to keep the sink stopper elevated as the water did not drain fast enough. The best we enjoyed was the proximity to the Lincoln Center. Unless it snows, we will not stay at Empire Hotel next time.	
Oct 21 2009 	Great location tiny room.	My wife and I selected Empire for a weekend getaway without kids, after doing some research on TripAdvisor. We loved the location but our room - a &quot;single&quot; or &quot;queen express&quot; - was ridiculously small and had no view whatsoever. We didn't care because all we did was sleep and shower there.The room was nicely appointed though, and very clean. Room service was prompt and very good, including a turn-down service every night. I have noticed some debate on Trip Advisor about the shower. We loved the shower, even though it did create somewhat of a puddle on the bathroom floor. But hey, it ain't our bathroom!We had hoped to be able to upgrade to a king room. I had called hotel staff earlier in the week before our stay and they indicated a king should be available. By the time we got there however, there were no upgrades available. This was disappointing but understandable.	
Oct 17 2009 	very disappointing	We stayed at the Empire from Saturday to Sunday. The room was very tiny. We have stayed in lots of NYC hotels but this was one of the smallest rooms ever! The bathroom was a horror! My husband had to take the drain out to get the sink to drain. You had to wait for about 8 minutes for hot water both in the sink and in the shower!!!!!! There is no place to put your bathroom essentials. At the rooftop bar we couldn't get waited on we went very early 5:30 pm. Then I couldn't get a drink with milk in it , They were out of Heineiken, and when we went to pay my husband filled out the tab with room information then were told we couldn't pay that way had to have cash or credit card. There are lots of great hotels in NYC this is not one of them.	
Oct 17 2009 	Very VERY pleasant stay	I have to admit I was terrified by all those negative comments, but when we arrived all my prejudgments vanished!Me and my girlfriend checked in at 19:00 (when our plane arrived), Diane at the front desk welcomed us warmly, lend us european/US adapter for free, lowered our deposit $$$ .... got us room at 4th floor (smoking one) that had beatufull view on the opera square outside. the room was great. we had Queen sized one (i think it's the lowest option) but we had plenty of room near the bed, desk and the sitting sofa, tv, and a nice bath. The shower took no problem for me to operate. room service was very polite, and never botherd us (when we had &quot;privacy please&quot; sign on the door hang)everything is near from the hotel, so first few days we did it all by foot (lower manhattan).There was even filming of Sex and the city 2 last day of our trip in hotel lobby/cafe.Doorman let us cut the que with our hotel keys shown to the rooftop, nice place upthere, but don't expect waiters fly to your table with a smile. still we felt welcomed up there.bellboy helped us with bags, called our taxi etc... I like to tip a buck or few for nice gestures and at bars so perhaps this made our stay even more friendly...we stayed for 11 days, I wanted romantic atmosphere since was with my girlfriend, and am fully satisfied! will stay there again if I ever return to NYC	
Oct 16 2009 	A cozy and comfortable haven.	We booked on Priceline for $200/night and were very happy with the result. I loved the area - it is a block from Central Park and many restaurants and shops and the subway are within the surrounding few blocks. Our room (Queen Standard) was very small but as long as you're polite when you need to get around your roomate it shouldn't be a problem! We slept well - the bed and duvet were extremely comfortable and the room was quiet and had a cozy feel. Granted, we're not high maintenance people so are not quick to complain, but certainly nothing to complain about here. I enjoyed our stay.	
Oct 8 2009 	QUAINT FOR NEW YORK CITY	The Empire Hotel was pleseant the minute we walked into the lobby. The theme is leopard print everywhere. Very dark decor, but very comfortable lounge area with lots of comfy seating. The room was TINY. I believe this was the smallest room I have ever stayed in, about the size of a stateroom on a cruiss ship. But we were in NYC. I would stay here again.	
Oct 7 2009 	Don't Let Negative Reviews Scare You Off	We booked a room through Priceline for $200 US/night, then phoned to upgrade it to a Deluxe King for an extra $50 night. Upon arrival, we were told that we were staying in a Queen standard. The desk clerk believed that we had called and upgraded, but there were no rooms of the type we booked available. He offered us a Superior King (one class below what we booked), but we weren't totally sold. He then offered us a Deluxe Double Double for the same upgrade price. We took it and were really happy we did: it was a super-roomy space, with a couch, coffee table, arm chair, desk and two comfortable beds overlooking Lincoln Center. There was a walk-in closet and full bath (none of those funky half showers we kept reading about). The posted room rate was $709 a night—Yikes!—but the hotel's online site has it from $419 to the mid-$500s. The room was clean and spacious, we were never hassled early by housekeeping, the doormen were friendly and the location couldn't be beat: subway stops two blocks away on either side, two blocks to Central Park, a Starbucks for breakfast next door, and free wi-fi in the hotel (although the signal was weak in our room as we were furtherest away from the router, visible in the elevator area). Overall, we had a wonderful time there, even with the construction noise from the Lincoln Center renovations. If you can get a deal on the room—and upgrade it— do it. $250/night for the room was a total steal by NYC standards.	
Oct 4 2009 	Poor 4star hotel best location	My wife and i stayed at the Empire Hotel for 8 nights on ouf first leg of our honeymoon. We booked a superior hotel and even though it was supposed to be for honeymooners they placed us on the 3rd floor. When i asked for a room at a higher floor they proposed us a basic room on the 5th floor facing the backyiard. Anyway we prefered the first because it was a bit larger even though the noise from the road was significant louder. The room was elegantly furnished with a big plasma tv, mini bar and a safe. The closet was almost non-existent and the bathroom small but well equiped with famous bath amenities. The pool at the rooftop was very small and we did not even tried it. The bar at the rooftop was very popular and every night you could see many young people waiting at lines to the elevators. The best part of the hotel is its location. Very close to 2 metro stations, just opposite Lincoln Centre of Arts and only 2-3 blocks away from Central Park. The neighbourhood is fabulous with many elegant restaurants and cozy cafes.I would only stay there again due to the facilities around the hotel.	
Oct 1 2009 	This hotel was great. I don't know what people are talking about.	I must have stayed at a different hotel than other people because I just returned from my 3 night stay at the Empire Hotel and had an absolutely wonderful time!I had travel delays and called the hotel ahead to tell them that I would be arriving late. They were more than courteous and informed me that they already had my room ready and set aside for me. They even let my brother, who arrived about an hour earlier than me, into the room at my request so he wouldn't have to wait in the lobby. They didn't require that we move the whole reservation to his credit card like most hotels would. I thought this was very nice of them. When I arrived at the hotel I did have to go inside to find the valet, but then again it was midnight on Sunday. Once I did find him, he was more than apologetic and took care of our car promptly. The room itself was clean and comfortable. I had a double suite. 2 queen beds and an alcove with a small couch. i am not a huge neat freak or a germ-a-phobe but the room seemed very clean to me. the bathroom was a little funky, the shower with no door does seem kind of stupid, along with the wood plank flooring, but the rainfall shower head makes up for it. i think my biggest complaint would have to be that the bathrooms are poorly lit. its hard to shave and stuff. overall it was more than ample in size and very reasonable for this part of Manhattan. I paid $371 a night for the suite. I know this may seem like a lot but guess what people, its new york! If you want a giant hotel room for 100 bucks a night then go St Louis for the weekend! housekeeping was great. turn down service every night. didn't disturb us when we slept in and even called to schedule a time to come clean the room in the afternoon one day. The rooftop bar is okay. Kind of a wannabe yuppie hipster and a Vegas-type club. Not really my style, but great views of the west side. Yes, drinks are overpriced... again... its New York. and its basically mid-town (close enough). You are going to pay a premium. If you want cheap drinks, then head down to Hell's kitchen. You can find beers for 3 or 4 bucks down there. But don't expect to sit 3 blocks north of Columbus circle and get $5 martinis.i agree the pool is dumb. tiny tiny tiny. the photographer did a great job making it look big. but anyone who expected an Olympic size pool on the roof of an nyc hotel is dumb too. Location: perfect! 3 blocks to the subway. 2 blocks to the park. an easy 20 minute stroll to times square. never hard to catch a cab out front if you need it. Overall i would recommend this hotel to anyone. The staff is friendly and the location is great!	
Sep 29 2009 	Take your custom elsewhere unless you want to be treated like a second class citizen!	Have just returned from a 5 night stay here and can only agree with all the negative comments - never again!! I was travelling with a friend and my 16mth old son to visit friends in New York who had no room for us to stay with them. We booked the hotel at the last minute and paid over the odds really (£300 per room per night for two superior double doubles) as availability in the city at the end of Sept was really tight. Everyone is right - this is a great location but there it ends I'm afraid. We arrived on a delayed flight with my poor son desperate to get in to bed to be told that the room type we had booked was not available and we would have to take a standard room or nothing. Actually the story changed every 2 seconds as we were told various tales by the same 3 people on the front desk - rooms were available but were dirty and could not be cleaned as it was too late, no rooms were available at all and we would be sent to an alternative hotel, we had only booked standard rooms despite our confirmation paperwork from the travel agent, we had not paid in advance and would need to pay by credit card, again despite our travel agent confirmation etc,. etc. This went on for a good 20 minutes with both my friend and myself getting more and more upset and my baby becoming quite distressed through tiredness. Even more annoyingly, while all of this was happening, more guests were turning up and checking in to superior rooms even though we'd been told that none were available. When I pointed this out to the reception staff, the guy who appeared to be the Duty Manager became quite aggressive and was very rude informing me that their bookings were blocked and ours weren't (whatever that means) but in all it left us feeling that we were being singled out for particularly awful treatment. Eventually we agreed to take 2 standard rooms on the proviso that our these were changed to superiors the next day but on getting to our rooms mine was so small the cot needed for my son couldn't fit in it whilst the door of my friend's room opened on to the bed with no space to walk round! They really were like cupboards. At this point I joined in with the wails of my son and sat in the corridor crying. The Bell Boy was lovely and went back down to reception to see what could be done, reappearing with one of the ladies from reception who took me to a living room of a suite and arranged for a &quot;put you up&quot; to be brought in - but a least myself, son, crib and cases could all fit!!!!When we did eventually get the right rooms they were as described by several othere here, still small, not that clean and very noisy, not just from the road but the ancient air con system and the thump, thump of the night club on the roof!. I then discovered that the hotel had blocked $2000 on my credit card for &quot;incidentals&quot; leaving me with not much available credit for shopping, eating etc. What did they think we were going to be ordering from room service - lobster and champagne! In all a terrible hotel, with staff with a bad attitude and no consideration for their guests - take your money elsewhere if you can!	
Sep 28 2009 	Could be much better	Unfortunately, the rooms are small, rather dirty and if you get one without city view, it's like being in a cave ! But that's probably better than being next to the elevator and hear doors all night long !!! To take a shower means flood in the bathroom.And not to forget the cleaning staff; They think that because they're thereeveryone must wake up...at 7.45 am.... And if you don't answer, they'll just come in !!!Rooftop bar is fun and lively. At least.....	
Sep 28 2009 	Poor check in service downgraded honeymooners!	This was our first stop before heading down to the Bahamas. We stayed at the hotel for 4 nights. i had booked the trip through Perfect Escapes because of a guaranteed upgrade offer. Before booking I had confirmed upgrade availability with the hotel via email - I was emailed back confirming availability from a deluxe kingsize to a junior kingsize suite.On arrival (once I got the attention of someone on the desk - who didn't even acknowledge my presence!) we were allocated a kingsize deluxe room - I had to explain about my upgrade and produce documentation to prove that I was entitled to this and said about my email correspondence - I was told that this person no longer worked at the hotel and there were none of those rooms available so we would either have to have a room with 2 doubles or the kingsize deluxe. I explained we were on honeymoon and I wanted what I had requested but I received no apologies or gestures of goodwill. I was ust told to go back at 7am the following morning and they would see if they could allocate me another room at that time - I asked why they couldn't just do that automatically but apparently it wasn't possible!!I went back the following morning, they gave me my room once I had produced my booking info again. We then had to leave our suitcases to be moved when the room was ready but I had things in the safe that I didn't want to leave in the room - I was told they would hold these for me if they weren't money or jewellery! When I did take my things down I was told that they didn't have the facility and they wouldn't fit in their safe! It was all hassle that you felt you were troubling them with - customer service is not good - don't stay here if you expect to be treated as a valued guest!The rooms were fine, nicely decorated - the deluxe king is small as I was expecting from other reviews - the suite does have more room but is not huge by any means. Beds are really comfy and rooms are decorated nicely. It is hassle to wait for the iron and board to be delivered every time you need it. There is also no coffee making facility in your room. The rooftop is not as nice as it looks in photos and all needs a bit of a tidy up - I only went up there for a look in daylight. Large queues and private parties in the evening. The lobby bar was not available for a few days because they were filming Gossip Girl in there - apparently it was Sex and the City the week later! Very close to Central Park and tube station but I'd stay closer to Times Square next time.Because of the hassle I received I would not recommend this hotel because of all the others that are available in New York.	
Sep 27 2009 	Great place to stay	As with many hotels like this it depends what you pay - we were lucky to get a stay 3 night, get 1 free - which brought the average nights stay down to a very good price (in comparison to the rest of new york anyway)...Its a modern boutique style hotel, rooms are small (as with most of new york) but nicely decorated and very clean. The pool on the roof is small, but it is really just for a quick refresh rather than olympic training. The bar area around it is nice though and there seemed to be enough room..We were using it as a base for sight seeing - if i was planning on being round the pool and bar all day than its not the place. Staff were a little matter of fact i will say, but helped us with what we needed. If id paid full price and was a romantic trip id be disappointed, but as a nice place to come back to after a day in new york its perfect. great location. Central park in 5 minutes...Times square is about 20 mins....walking that is. If you want a great breakfast or lunch head straight out of the hotel about 10 mins walk ahead of you upto Lanskys a Jewish deli on 235 columbus - really well priced and lots of locals in there, great service and wide variety of breakfast..	
Sep 24 2009 	Looks Good and Great Location...but could do better!!!	A party of 8 of us travelled to celebrate a 40th birthday...we booked flights and hotel with virgin holidays...as we wanted to treat ourselfs and enjoy a stay at a luxury hotel. For some of our party it was their first NY visit, for the rest of us it was our third. Having read some of the reviews before i left i was a little worried about our choice! On arrival at check-in there was some confusion over our booking, we had booked one standard room and 3 superior rooms...the hotel had us booked in has 4 standards! They were quite insistant on this until we produced the booking letter from virgin comfirming our choices! We were then told each room had to put down a $100 a night deposit for the five nights we were there...one couple had only brought a VISA travel money card with them...and this would have meant the hotel would have tied up $500 of their spending money...! Luckly one of our party put the charge on their credit card for them.,,,so please be aware of this...this is just standard hotel policy...and we do feel that Virgin should have warned us of this when we booked and paid with them!! Once this was all sorted I have to say the reception staff were very helpful and understanding especially Samantha and Peter. We had to wait an hour for two of the room but that was not really a problem...we just went next door to Starbucks for a coffee and then relaxed in the reception area of the hotel which is very comfortable.I was in a double double superior room on the 7th floor overlooking Broadway...the two beds were beautifully made and though not a big room it was clean and nicely decorated...the bathroom was tiny, but again very clean and everything worked fine, with the waterfall shower and lovely l'octaine beauty products it did feel like a touch of luxury. The A/C worked fine, and though we could hear street and traffic noice, its what i expected for NY...buy some ear plugs! There was also very little hanging or starage space in the room, but enough for us! The best thing about this hotel is the beds and the pillows...amazingly comfortable...oh I am missing them! Something else i really liked about this hotel was that its bedrooms are only on 11 floors and their are 4 lifts, that arrive very quickly...on my last stay in NY i was in the Shereton Towers on the 42nd floor....and we often had to wait 10-20mins for a lift!!! You also felt very safe in this hotel their was always one or two securiety guys about who always smiled and opened doors for you, the the bell guys at the door were the same always smiled hello and asked if they could do anything for you. We went up to the roof terrace to have a look and on a warm evening imagine it a nice relaxing place to chill...but to be honest we did not have time to use it!The next best thing about this hotel is the location, upper west side is just great. If you walk north up Columbus Ave there are some great diners and places to eat...that are much cheaper and better that mid-town. Its also a nice slow 30 min stroll down to Times Square (could easily be done in 15mins at a quicker pace lol)While we were there a lot of things seemed to be happening at this hotel, one day they were filming Gossip Girl (never seen it!) So security was even tighter and the place was full of crew and extras...I could not tell you who the so called star of the shoot was lol We found this all very exciting and fun, but i can understand why others would not! Danny DeVito also had a party their one night, and on the day we left they were getting ready for a fashion show! Overall I do understand some of the more negitive comments about this place...2 off our rooms had to be changed, 1 because it had the wrong bed size, and 1 because it was only on the 2nd floor and overlooked the main entrance, and my friends in there said the noise was unberable...they could hear folk talking in the streets! But again both issues were resovled by the reception staff, who offered alternative rooms without any questions. I really enjoyed the vibe in this hotel and loved my stay there...but then again the company I was with made it a great holiday! I would recommed this hotel for its location and those beds! Is it worth they money???? Well I dont think i would pay full price for this place (about £250-£400 a night) but if I got a good internet deal I would easily stay there again. Finally I would just like to stress to folk how great a location this is...I am already planning my next visit to NY and plan to stay in the Upper West Side...its a great neighbour hood, with a great vibe and a very different feeling to Mid -Town...try it, you wont be disapointed!!!	
Sep 23 2009 	Never Again.	The only things that this hotel had going for it were the excellent location right at Lincoln Center and the bell hops who were extremely nice and helpful. Once you stepped inside the hotel, however, it was a different story. The front office staff definitely had an air of &quot;you're lucky to be staying here&quot; - the hotel's not *that* nice. In fact, I couldn't escape the pervading mildew smell in my room - due, I'm sure, to the design of the shower. There's only a half glass panel, the other half is exposed, and there's wood paneling and a wood floor. It's pretty, but totally not functional as there's no fan in the bathroom - there's no where for moisture to go but the heavy curtains and the paint which showed signs of mildew on the bathroom door frame. Also, dust was everywhere - beware if you have allergies. I think what got to me most, however, was the total lack of customer service - when I called the front desk to get a password for the internet, I said &quot;thank you&quot; and the best the person on the other end of the phone could muster was &quot;uh huh&quot;. No &quot;you're welcome&quot;, &quot;my pleasure&quot;, nothing. Also, upon checkout, the front desk person seemed totally unconcerned about the fact that when I checked in I had confirmed that my room had been prepaid by my corporate system. &quot;Well, it wasn't&quot; was his only response along with a blank stare. This is supposed to be a 4-star hotel? I don't think so. Never again.	
Sep 20 2009 	Better than comparably priced hotels	It's NYC...for people on an average or slightly above average travel budget, you can expect old buildings, cramped rooms, and high rates. Empire's quality is above average, based on my previous hotel experiences in NYC. We had a room with 2 queens. Room size was OK, although the bathroom was tiny. The building's common areas and rooms are clean, the front desk staff polite and efficient, the elevators and AC work, and the location is perfect...nice neighborhood, close to Central Park, Lincoln Center, and two subway stops. Interesting, kind of 60s retro but new throughout. The valet was really friendly, offering great neighborhood breakfast spots to us. I would go back.Downside - the room was heavily fragranced with some type of carpet cleaner or air freshener, so we had to open the windows and deal with some street noise. There was no iron and ironing board and I didn't have time to order and wait for one, so I went out with wrinkled clothes. The concierge on duty late in the afternoon had the most sour, annoyed look on his face, enough to keep us from approaching him.	
Sep 18 2009 	Just OK	1. Front desk-if hotel replace them with &quot; United easy check out airport machines&quot;, will be the same result.2. Room service-I expected more. If the service come to the room twice on one day, the question why piece of hair I left when I brush, still sitting on the side of toilet for 3 days?3. Design -no second door on showerNo any hook on normal level where to hang travel design cosmetic bag. It is one-very too high!Little make up mirror too high, I can`t use it. I`m 5.4Both pull out shelf always was out-no magnet to keep them inside. Very fun, especially the room is not the biggest one.Sink-very tricky design if you are girl and want wash your face, take off make, etc-very hard. The one things I love is bed-good investment!Swim tiny pool is useful if you love exercise, I do.Location is very good.By the way-very annoying when the girl exercising on fitness room alone-the male staff come inside few time in 15 minutes- for what-clean something-OK, fine, than take apple, than drink some water, than &quot;clean&quot; and walk across to check something inside again. Ok, may be 4 times, I do trust my inner feeling-no comments.In general no personal little touch( word, look, greeting) feels from hotel while I`m staying there. It is first and last for me there.	
Sep 16 2009 	Staff and management	I have to say the hotel is really nice nice rooms and nice front desk people. We came here with a group of 6 people to enjoy NYC. Upon checking out of the hotel we left our luggage at the hotel and the front desk told us it was not a problem to do so. We went about our business and when we returned to get our luggage we got ours but 2 other people in our group were left with the claim tag. The security guy shady to say the least wrote some notes on a yellow sticky note and said they will investigate thats was about it. BUt when asking the security guy for a paper saying taht we lost our luggage or anything to claim the fact that indeed they did lose our luggage he said he has no ability to produce any type of paper for that and if we didnt like it to call the cops and file a lost bag report. I have to say while waiting for our friends to file the claim with security another happy couple lost there luggage there and when they did eventually found it for them there original bag ripped so the bell boy decided to put there stuff inanother bag with a different color. Only to respond to the clients well you told me the bag was grey not red. the client told them yes it was grey untill you ripped it and decided to put it in this red bag. After the fact that they ripped the original bag they also made comments to the client about the bag saying that it wasnt as they described. Very very unprofessional people working at that hotel other then the front desk people. If i wanted to pay for a 4 star hotel and get this treatment I would rather stay at another hotel.	
Sep 16 2009 	Great Location!	I was dreading arriving at this hotel once I read the reviews but was pleasantly surprised. We arrived at 1.30pm &amp; our room was ready straight way. Yes the rooms were small. We had 2 double beds &amp; there were only 2 of us. The &quot;wardrobe&quot; was just a rail with a few hangers &amp; a curtain as a door but it wasnt the end of the world. The only thing it was lacking was coffee facilities but we just used Starbucks around the corner rather than paying at the hotel (a Sprite by the rooftop pool was $8 + tax gratutity - which is a rip off). We didnt spend a lot of time here as this was a sightseeing holiday. A few mins walk from Columbus Circle Subway &amp; Central Park, 10 mins walk to 5th Ave, 20 mins to Times Square . Gossip Girl was being filmed whilst we were there but didnt affect us as we spent the day at the US open but saying that we wouldnt know the Gossip Girls if we fell over them!! :-)We didnt use the separate roof top bar as we simply didnt have the time &amp; preferred to eat/drink at different places in Manhatten. I did like this hotel &amp; it does have the hip/trendy vibe here. I probably wouldnt stay here again as our next trip to NY (&amp; there will be!) we would may be stay lower down in Greenwich Village/Chelsea area.	
Sep 15 2009 	great value if you get on priceline. do not pay full price	I just returned from a 7 night trip to NYC from San Francisco. Having grown up outside Manhattan I wanted to stay in a neighborhood hotel. We paid 200.00 per night through priceline.com. I would not pay their rack rate. Having said that, I found the hotel fine. The front desk was very nice and the doormen were always friendly. There was a lot going on in NY last week, the Walter Cronkite memorial was across the street at Lincoln Center with the President, the US Open, Fashion Week and 9/11 and the hotel was fully booked and they were filing Gossip Girl.We ended up paying 50 a night to upgrade as being in a hotel for 7 days we were a bit worried about a small room for that long. They actually gave us a double upgrade for the single upgrade price. Our room with no view was large and L shaped and had 2 beds. It made it nice as we had extra walking room and a place to hang out that isn't the bed.The room was clean but not spotless, it's an older building (it used to be part of Fordham University) and I found the lobby a bit 80's but in current colors. The line outside for the club was a bit odd and not the same type of crowd you expect at a hip club. It was not a local crowd.The complaints I read about housekeeping coming early is true, except this hotel has a lot of business customers and during the week the rooms are usually empty by 9. The weekends we were not disturbed. The housekeeping staff kept the rooms clean and replenished with towels etc. Also a great perk was the free wireless internet, that is very helpful and I have stayed at 5 star hotels that charge 12-15 dollars for wireless.Again, this is a 3 star hotel for sure in a great neighborhood. Take advantage of the park and heading up to the 70's on the upper west side.The hotel wasn't part of our vacation experience which is okay.	
Sep 15 2009 	A rocky start BEFORE arrival but no real problems and would stay again	I wanted to write this review because recent ones scared me! I booked this hotel on Priceline the same day we arrived (Sept. 6. 2009) for $130. I then called to inquire about beds because we were traveling with two elementary school age children and preferred two double beds instead of one king. I spoke with Vina (Bina?) who said that we should not have been able to book with Priceline because the hotel was overbooked and we would be walked to another unspecified hotel. I explained that, through Priceline, our room was paid for and that I was concerned about being walked with young kids because we anticipated a late arrival. Vina asked me to hold for a few minutes. When she came back on the line, she told me our room had been secured for a late arrival and that, with a $30 upcharge, we could be guaranteed two beds. She was very professional and courteous.We arrived late (9pm) on Sunday evening. There were two parties in front of us at the Reception Desk and neither staffperson acknowledged my presence until they were ready to help me. Whatever, that's New York more times than not. Other than that, we found the staff to be quite pleasant.The room was quite small, even by New York standards. There was room for the two beds, a chair and not much else. The bathroom was also small, to the point where you had to walk around the door a bit to close it behind you. Nevertheless, everything was clean, comfortable and tastefully decorated. Monday morning, we called down for an iron and ironing board (not included in the room). It took less than 10 minutes for it to arrive; we were pleasantly surprised. While we heard Housekeeping knocking on doors around 9am, we had already put out the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign and they adhered to that. At 10:30am when we left the hotel, no one had knocked to disturb us.The hotel definitely has a chic/hip/trendy vibe, including the bouncers/security staff at the elevators ushering people up to the roof-top bar. We were there with kids, so we didn't partake in any of that. But I can see how it would be a plus for some. We also ran into a television actor who was staying on the same floor as us!We have no complaints (other than the $60!!! valet charge for the car) and would stay here again. Give it a try!	
Sep 14 2009 	Lost luggage- unprofessional staff	Yes, a beautiful hotel, perfect location but that's where it ends- we checked out and left our luggage in the storage room only to return and find out our luggage was lost. A week and counting of back and forth, of careless, rude &quot;managers&quot; who tell us they saw the camera footage of my husband leaving the bag but that's it, the rest is just like it never happened. And what is their resolution? To pay us $500 when only my watch that I had put away in my luggage costs that amount. I kept blaming myself for leaving it in my luggage but when you are staying at a 4 star hotel you don't expect to leave without your belongings. We're taking this to small claims court and won't go down without a fight- everyone works hard for their money, pays to stay at the hotel and expects to return home with their luggage and if not, expects a sincere apology and a proper and not to mention fair reimbursement. Do yourself a favor- find another hotel of the millions in NYC but keep your luggage!	
Sep 13 2009 	great location very central	Very centrally located if you like walking -close to MOMA and the Metropolitan and Central Park. Across the road from the Lincoln Centre for Opera and Music lovers. the only fault was that there were no tea/coffee making facilities in the room, Starbucks 2 minutes away.Trendy bar on roof top and Gossip Girl was being filmed there for a day or so during our stay.	
Sep 10 2009 	Terrible service worst hotel experience ever	Has high expectations of this hotel and service but was greatly disappointed on all accounts. Went on holiday with friends expecting a really good time hassle free, but all the hassle was from the hotel and staff.Firstly our room was next to the outside generator, making loud noises enough to wake the dead. On asking for room change the rude reception stated fully sold out and no rooms available. Only after creating a fuss were we shown FOUR different rooms that had miraculously appeared. BTW make sure rooms are above 9 floor to ensre minimal noise interference.Concierge do not answer their phones ever, nor do they help with luggage to and from rooms. At the time of our visit Gossip Girl were filming in area, we were not interested and at entrance we were figuring our bearings and trying to find way to Soho. A hotel door man abruptly told us to leave the hotel premises right now, as we had no right to stand on pavement! We were shocked and appalled at his behaviour and complained to hotel reception who first ignored and dismissed us. However we were overheard by the hotel seniour doorman he apologised sincerely and told us to go up to roof top for free drinks.So we went up to rooftop, (which is extremely overstated pool only allows 1 person to swim as so narrow and short) but had drinks and on entering the lift down the original rude door man came into lift. We did not say a word but he decided this would the opportune time to rant and rave at us. Saying &quot;I don't want to be in the lift with you&quot; &quot;you guys are rude&quot; &quot;dont come up to rooftop again you guys are barred because I say so&quot; and when doors opened he swore and left. So we went back to reception and apparently this is common occurence from this door man and the supervisor had left so to call back tomorrow am. Overall, this is the one of the most expensive hotels we have stayed but the absolute WORST experience ever. DO NOT STAY HERE, if you have no choice please be warned and expect to be treated like dirt.	
Sep 7 2009 	Avoid This Hotel!	The rooms are extremely SMALL, the bathroom was way too small... you couldn't even stand in front of the sink, for heaven's sake. The air conditioner unit must have been a hundred years old and did a poor job of keeping the room cool. The maid neglected to restock the toilet paper one day, so we had to resort to using kleenex until the next day. To top it all off, my requested wake-up call never came, even though the front desk clerk assured me that it would. If I had not set the alarm on my cell phone, I would have missed my 7:00 am flight home. Seems like the Empire management is more interested in running their trendy, high-fashion &quot;rooftop bar&quot; then they are in running a decent hotel. Stay elsewhere. The Empire Hotel is a waste of money and not worth your time at any price!	
Sep 4 2009 	Go elsewhere this could be the worst hotel experience you'll ever have.	The rooms were poorly cleaned, the hotel staff (behind the desk, managers), rude and unprofessional, God forbid you ask for help and the spa was a joke - it's in the basement where it's hot and there was a lot of dust. The bathrooms were kind of dope but so what. Adding insult to injury, the pool on the roof was filthy with poor service and at night, the roof top bar was filled with culture vultures, wanna-bees and a suited &quot;thug&quot; like security staff.Even more disappointing than the reality that I was totally bamboozeled by the hotel's slick PR efforts and that I should have stayed elsewhere was the fact that the drinks were small and mixed poorly, you couldn't hear the person next to you (even if you wanted to) and the music was not only loud but outdated.	
Sep 4 2009 	No complaints...great stay	I agree with the last reviewer...maybe I stayed at another hotel. Our stay at the Empire was great. Everyone we encountered from the front desk to housekeeping were helpful and kind. The hotel's b'fast is expensive but there are nearby places to get great b'fast for much cheaper. The pool was fine for cooling off (don't try doing any laps). The Pool Deck/Garden was cool and relaxing. We stopped by the rooftop bar (which is separate from the hotel) was kinda corney, the people who work there generally sucked and seemed to hate life and the bald guy running around (i will assume is the manager by the gallant strides of importance he took was also a [--]...I guess you are what you attract) haha...and drinks are insanely expensive...I guess they are trying to attract a rich a famous sort of crowd but all they got was broke socialite wannabees and stupid goons/[--], it was actually good to get a laugh at all those ridiculous people. But back to the hotel...we stayed in a Standard Queen, the room was a bit small but it is NYC where everyone lives in boxes anyway so we were not surprised. We decided to upgrade to a Deluxe King for an extra 60 bucks (they did not have upgrades to Superior Kings) and it was well worth it. The front desk kids are efficient, informative and accommodating when we came with our quandary of whether to change rooms. The room was much larger and had a view of the Lincoln Center. The room was clean and immaculate looking. The bathroom in this room was also slightly larger. The shower was a bit tricky to navigate but we figured it out. The AC worked perfectly fine...no problems with the room. The location is also excellent...you're in such close proximity of everything. We will be back.	
Sep 3 2009 	Great hotel in great location - just don't drink on the roof terrace!!	I think I must have stayed in a different hotel to the previous reviewers - which sounds like a good thing for me!Just returned from a long weekend at the Empire and loved it! Upgraded our room on arrival so we had a view of Broadway - extra $30 a night which I didn't think was too bad considering we'd got a really good rate in the first place.Check-in guy (Peter) was really helpful - room was ready when we arrive at about 2pm so we went straight up. Room was very clean, A/C worked fine (was a bit noisy but didn't keep us awake). Bathroom was v. small but had double shower, sink and toilet - what else do you need?!Residents roof terrace and pool were lovely. Pool is small, but perfect for cooling off. Terrace doesn't get the sun in the evening but it's still a really nice place to be. didn't go to the other roof top bar that's open to the public as it wasn't really our scene - but it seemed nice and didn't interfer with the rest of the hotel.Location was perfect - 2 mins walk to the subway, 5 mins to Central Park, 20 mins to Times Square and 10 seconds to Starbucks!2 minor critisisms - the consierge was not helpful. Didn't tell us anything we didn't already know and seemed like we were asking for the world, rather than a recommendation for dinner - isn't that his job?!Also, prices at the roof top bar were crazy - 1 diet coke = $8 (including tax and 20% service, even though they just poured it out of the bottle!) But you can take your own up there.Would definitely recommend this hotel, and would definitely go back.	
Aug 31 2009 	If you want to be treated like third class - stay here!	Am writing this review at 4 in the morning, just waiting for the wife to wake up so we can book it out of this place. Spent a weekend get away here. Locations good - great restaurants within close proximity. Check in seemed like a task for the staff. Do I smell or something?? Just do your job! Room was nicely decorated, decent view. Housecleaning staff figures everyone in the hotel is up @ 6 in the morning. Roof top bar is nice, but PLEASE waitresses and bar tenders.... it ain't the PALMS - so lose the attitude and start 'serving' your customers with kindness and respect! It's like every employee at the Empire gets a 'beat down' before their shift. No coffee anywhere in the morning - unless you want to spend $20 on a pot - duh, no (Starbucks, just around the corner)! Breakfast buffet is... hmm, crap and expensive. Remove the current staff - EXCELLENT place to stay. It's unfortunate that service completely destroyed this hotel experience.	
Aug 30 2009 	Terrible Service Hotel looks good but Cheap	Wow, where do I even start. We decided on The Empire for our friend's bachlorette party. We were all very excited to sit out on the pool on Saturday (the day of check-in), however it rained, so we decided to go into the city early and check in. We arrived at 1:00 pm, where they told us we could not check in early, however the people had checked out of both rooms and that our rooms would be ready at 3:00 (normal check in). We were basically told that we should be thankful we even have a room and to come back later to check in.Well, we arrived at 3:00 and guess what? Our rooms weren't ready! So at this point we were extremely frustrated that in 2 hours since we got there, nothing was done. They told us the first room would be ready at 3:30 and the next at 4:00 and to compensate gave us all (9 of us) a round of drinks. The bartender was sweet and gave us our drinks, and out of no where started throwing around stuff and being really nasty. We sat in the lobby until 3:49 when they told us only one room was ready. At 4:45 we were given the other room key. In order to make it up to us they gave us $100 off each room and 8 free tickets to breakfast. However, you have no idea what it took to get anything here. The staff and management were rude, obnoxious and gave excuses for everything. They lack customer service skills.The rooms were really nice, however outlets didn't work, lighting was poor, bathroom shower had no door and the bathroom was hard to move in. The pool fit in the most 10 people (I am not exaggerating, the pictures on their website are deceiving) and they didn't have beach towels either. Our rooms smelled like throw up and mold and the a/c sounded like an elevator. Everyone in our group would have a nice thing to say about the hotel and three seconds later something went wrong. The best part of the stay here was that we got to spend time with each other, the bellboy and the wait staff. Out of all nine of us, nine of us, would never ever return here or recommend it.	
Aug 29 2009 	Gooood	A good solution for work and turism.Room small but clean and confortable. Position is perfect. Excellent roof garden with a cool pub.Breakfast is expensive but perfect.	
Aug 28 2009 	Hope you like cabbage	I stayed here with a group of girlfriends for a night out on the town. The hotel lobby is very nice and the place is clean. We got a suite(room 1105) which was very tiny but did manage to squeeze 2 queen size beds and a pull out couch within small living quarters. The bathroom had a shower only-no tub which is not a big deal for us but might be for others...The experience was decent except for the fact that our room had a terrible odor of cabbage.. It was actually unbearable for the first 20 minutes we were in there until our ol' factory senses got used to it. We called the front desk and asked for room freshener. After a second phone call an hour later, we did receive some room spray.Overall, it is a decent hotel that is pretty reasonably priced but I cannot get over that smell!	
Aug 24 2009 	No A/C TINY room NEVER AGAIN	Check-in was complete chaos and staff was not friendly. Room claimed to have A/C but it did not work AT ALL. Every room is the same -- when they renovated they did not put in new A/C, so they have awful push-button manual units that DO NOT WORK. It's like the Holiday Inn, except the A/C works at most of those. Awful for a summer day. Rooms are tiny - I stay in NY a lot, and these are the smallest rooms I have ever seen. Will never go back to the Empire Hotel.	
Aug 24 2009 	Will stay again.	Having read reviews of many hotels we decided upon the Empire. We had a King Superior Suite and we were surprised at how spacious the room was. (see later comment). Decor is just as it looks in the photos. very warm and inviting. The most comfortable bed of our trip by a long shot. ... soooo comfortable. Storage was fine. Aircon worked well. Everything worked fine. No tea/soffee making facilities in room however housekeeping were very efficient at providing hot water and cups to our room at no charge. Ironing board provided at no charge and quickly following our request. Impressed at quick service because the hotel was full. Front desk were friendly and helpful. Location is terrific. Starbucks and a pharmacy are right next door. Plenty of great and reasonably priced eateries close by. Central park is 5 minutes and Times Square 10 minutes walk. Felt very safe. Top spot and will return to stay again. Room size.... In comparison we spent one night at a Hampton Inn on 39th St West. Similar rate. Clean place / no complaints but the rooms there are like postage stamps - comfortable Queen bed but room size is almost half the size of the Empire. ... very cramped in comparison to the luxury of the Empire. We have recommended the Empire three times already. Facilities were all used and enjoyed by us.	
Aug 22 2009 	avoid	Although the room as been paid in advance we did not get the Junior Suite we already paid. Had to sleep at 11th floor. A disco is right over and plays music loud until 3 am. The day after we got th room we booked at 5.30 pm. No change of glasses in the room, Air condition noisy and if you sleep on th outer side you will add also the sound of the street. Folks believe me. Don't go! You pay and you don't get what to pay and no refund (i was offered two days breakfast that, honestly, you get more at the corner Starbucks	
Aug 19 2009 	Good Hotel - Lacks The Little Things	I was luckily not one of the three people in front of me, being sent to another &quot;sister&quot; hotel because they were over booked. The poor guy was dressed in a business suit looking ready to relax and they basically told him to just walk down the street and he would see the other hotel, seriously? no cab for the inconvenience? maybe I missed something, I dunno.The hotel location is great, the rooms are good and the overall hotel is ok.The location is right by Lincoln Center and served its purpose really well and was in a prime location for sightseeing and hanging out. My friends who had never been to NYC really got a lot out of the city by walking near the hotel so that was helpful.The rooms were nice, we had 2 jr suites and the largest suite they have which was like 800 square feet. The rooms themselves are extremely clean and modern, looking like they had just been updated. That being said non of the doors in any of the rooms properly fit on the door jambs. The door would drag across the ground making a god awful sound anytime someone tried to close a bathroom door. I would expect more for the charges they ask. That being said this is a 3.5 / 4 star hotel based on the clean lobby and the nice rooms etc.The lobby was nice enough but really kinda cold, bartender needed to smile especially when 4 drinks are 53 bucks, The front counter guy were extremely helpful and didn't bump me to another hotel due to being oversold which was nice.The rooftop bar was fun, full of people trying to be rich and famous and escape the fact they make 25k a year . The staff was really nice letting us to the front of the line but the waitresses were a bit on the rude side. The bartenders however were nice and poured a good drink, the music was standard hipster kid with an ipod type sound.The hotel was a really nice place, good location, nice rooms and a staff that seemed lacking. The maid service was about the only 4 star employees I found, always friendly and always ready to help, seems like the guys/girls in suits forget the fact they work in a hotel, and they aren't CEO`sI would recommend the Park central over this hotel for the price, location and staff.	
Aug 16 2009 	Very trendy and sophisticated but missing character	Very trendy and sophisticated but missing a warm / charming character. Staff is polite but nothing more! The rooms are quite small but very well decorated - the wooden bath cabin is extremely pleasant. Some other details give also an added value. The price is extremely high, which is normal for Manhattan, but we were expecting a bit more quality service. Last recommendation: Check thouroughly your bill...	
Aug 11 2009 	Average	Wasn't the worst hotel ever, but it certainly wasn't the best. The rooms are tidy and clean and the decor is plush throughout the hotel. The main problem is the staff's dis-organisation e.g losing some of my families suitcases when we left and trying to make us pay for the travel of the bags getting to us. Rooftop swimming pool was promised to be finished by our arrival, but building work was still undergoing. I'm sure that if that had been complete it would have improved the trip. Hudson Hotel down the road is much nicer experience.	
Aug 9 2009 	Cool Hotel	Great location. Nice decor. Umbelieveably small room but that is what you pay for to get the 170 a night deal. Would definitely go back.	
Aug 8 2009 	over rated	Would have to agree with the more recent reviews. This place doesnt live upto hype or expectation. Well appointed rooms yet missing certain vitals - like storage, ventiulation in bathrooms etc , but noisy air conditioning; inconsistent housekeeping standards - as well as not honouring the Do Not Disturb signs;and insisting on housekeeping pre 9A; thin room doors so you can hear ALL that goes on in corridors - housekeeping doin room cleans at 11PM; but most importantly rude desk staff. Upon check-in i dont thnk the guy at the desk looked up at me once, nor did he greet me. I was more an inconvenience, and this attitude amongst most front of house staff continued. For a place that is supposed to be a leading fashionable boutique hotel in NYC it misses the mark. Poor service.. meant no tips.Will not be returning to this one..... will be trying The Bowery or The Standard next time.	
Aug 8 2009 	Extreemly noisy not worth the money	It was almost impossible to sleep in the hotel, even with noise plugs is was almost unbearable. The room was also very small, and we had the suite, I cant even imagine the size of the regular rooms. The hotel have a very good location, but I would never select it again when I return to new york.	
Aug 4 2009 	More form than function: not worth the big $ except for the location	Trendy dark elegance carries into the rooms; our 2-queen double was OK for 3 people, but certainly not roomy. Had the obligatory minibar but no coffee-making setup, no access to ice without calling down for it. No view but blackout shades helped late sleepers.Small bathroom had no vent fan. Noisy rooftop bar scene heard from 9th floor room.And we repeatedly called to request towels (room was stocked with towels for 2, which were removed once used and never restocked without our calling down for them (arrived promptly, though). Several evenings (we stayed 7 nights) we returned to an obviously tidied room with no towels or washcloths at all, and verbal and written requests about this were repeatedly ignored for the next day. Wonderful location, between 2 subway stations. Younger family members walked to Central Park to play several times a day.Many nearby restaurants. Save $ by eating several meals at or out of the nearby Whole Foods, Starbucks was just outside at the corner, next to a 24-hr pharmacy.	
Aug 4 2009 	Good Enough but probably wouldn't return	Good Points: Central, Cool roof top bar, &amp; lobby, helpful conceirgeBad points: loud air condtiioner that we pretty much couldnt use or would have kept us awake all night, small rooms which I know is the norm for NY unless you want to pay a fortune, house keeping was just ok -hand towels / shower gel not replacedI got a good enough corporate rate of 163 USD per night but I would have been annoyed paying anymore than that for what we got.	
Jul 30 2009 	Decent Location Freindly Staff Would Stay Again!!	GOOD POINTSI stayed here for 5 nights, and I loved it.Now we were mainly here just for sleeping and getting ready, it's in a good location, within 5 mins and less walking distance to Central Park, 5 mins or so to 5th Avenue, to get to the main bit of Broadway, and Times square, it was roughly about 20 mins walking if you're strolling.If you fancied being lazy, the bell boys will happily call a cab for you, or you can hail one yourself from around the corner.The front desk staff and the bell boys are very helpfull, whenever we had any questions we got them answered, so can't complain there, also you can get bus tickets for certain locations from the front desk. Our beds were turned down in the evening, air con was working great and the hot water was always running, so a very pleasant stay and would stay again.BAD POINTSThe bathroom and the room itself was a little on the small size for 3 of us, but we had to 2 queen sized beds squeezed in and only a bit of space to walk around them......but it was fine as we were only there for short periods of time, or sleeping!If you wanted to go downtown or further, then you would need to catch a train or cab, we cabbed it everywhere, so turned out a bit expensive!There was a bit of, what i can only descrbe as rubble, in the corner of the room, and under the aircon, now this didn't really bother me, but when you're in a hotel you expect it to be spotless! Other than that, the room was clean.ADVICE/SUGGESTIONSPlease do not be scared to NOT tip the cab drivers, if you're not happy with the service pay what you owe and get out, if they get abusive, just walk away or if you feel the need call a policeman, there are noamlly loads walking around. We had a bit of a bad experiance with a cab driver trying to rip us off!PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE check which way you are going as the streets run one way, the last thing you want is to be going south, catch a cab going north and go round the corner and end up paying an extra $10 - $20!! Some of the cab drivers will try to rip you off by doing this!!If you want to see a Broadway play, buy them from out there, they're cheaper! Buy the tickets from the venue (which you can find out from around times square) on or bfore the day you want to see it....we got decent tickets for $50 which if bought from here would have cost £55!Take a map and guide book as they will help you find what you want plus recommend stuff for what you want - ei food, fun and shopping! enjoy your trip! i hope this has been helpful!	
Jul 29 2009 	2 star worthy	Currently writing from the hotel's room (its pouring outside) having arrived yesterday after visiting LA, Miami and Vegas and this is by far the worst hotel we've stayed in. had to upgrade to a superior room for $30 + per night since in the fist room we were showed there was no place for two suitcases, was extremely noisy since these rooms are overlooking the fans of the insidecourt and had to jump over the bed to get to the otherside of the room. the superior room although (apparently) 10m larger one has to sit on the toilette in order to wash their teeth. as for the pool (or rather big jacuzzi) its closed for the next two days for a private event (we were informed last night at 9pm). as for the service we start getting notes under the door and phone calls from 8.30 am requisting we leave the room for servicing.	
Jul 22 2009 	4 star hotel that rifles through your things and enters your room when you're gone.	We had a room fully reserved for double occupancy. Upon checking in I was informed that my reservation was for a SINGLE room, &quot;the smallest&quot; they have available. This was strange considering earlier in the day when we had come by to store our luggage until check in, they had a lovely room available for us for early check in, no extra fee of any sort... only we had plans to go off and explore NYC so turned down the offer. For no apparent reason I was made to pay an extra fee in order to upgrade to a room that would fit the both of us. Strike one.Strike two= waiting half an hour for our luggage to arrive in our room. We only had two backpacks! We wanted to change into swim gear in order to enjoy the pool deck the lobby had informed us about and had to wait half an hour for our clothing.Strike THREE = finding that my luggage had been rifled through and whoever had gone through it hadn't even bothered to close the bag again. My boyfriend found some of my things strangely tucked into his bag. Beyond strike three and waaay out there: -leaving our room in the evening with a do not disturb tag on it, only to come back that night to find someone had come into our room regardless, while we were gone. for a 2nd time we had to go through our things to make sure nothing was taken.-having changed into our swimsuits to go up to rooftop &quot;guests only pooldeck we were told about and looking forward to, we were halfway up the elevator when a &quot;guest&quot; told us that it was closed for a private event. none of the staff had bothered to mention that fact.-checking out the &quot;pool&quot; deck the next morning and learning it isn't a pool but a shallow elongated bathtub like structure. you cannot swim in it if you tried, i've been in hot tubs that were larger. pool shower didn't work either, had to go back to room to rinse off chlorine.The staff at this hotel was fake and bent on charging extra fees. Any attempts at contacting them about my stay and charges I should nto have received have failed ( cannot get through to talk to anyone without being put on hold, faxes do not get through, and email is ignored). They simply do not care. 4 star hotel that goes through your bags and your room while you're gone then refuses to take responsibility? No thanks, never again.	
Jul 22 2009 	great visit-clean accomodating just trendy enough	We arrived on a Friday to the perfect dxe dble room. It was quiet, great view,clean, and lots of room.We took full advantage of the location, and we really enjoyed the rooftop deck for sunbathing. The pool was tiny but roomy enough to get wet in. We enjoyed the evening and day views. It was a very interesting mix of crowd - foreigners and US residents. The staff tried very much to please- we would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 21 2009 	Want your money stolen? Stay at the Empire!	We stayed at the Empire for about 10 days in January. The room was OK though small and the service pretty average. My wife and I put an envelope with cash in their safe deposit box at the reception. One day when we went to retrieve funds, they said the envelope had gone &quot;missing&quot;. The manager on duty at first said they would refund the $7,000 in full, but only came back a day later saying it was out of his hands and there was nothing they could do. on the check out day, we asked for our bill. They said there &quot;was no bill&quot; since they still had to resolve the matter of our &quot;missing&quot; money. Then a month later they charged our credit card and have completely refused to address the matter in the hopes of frustrating us into submission. We would never ever return to this hell hole of a &quot;Hotel&quot;!	
Jul 21 2009 	Excellent location New York Style great service	We stayed at the Empire for 11 nights.Great and awesome location (upper west side, one block from Columbus Circle and Central Park).Nice design, great roof top.We will choose this hotel for our next NYC trip.	
Jul 17 2009 	Trendy hotel for good rate	I was working up at Columbia and this hotel was very convenient for that - right near the Lincoln Center subway stop, Starbucks right downstairs. Helpful staff, very cool rooms that weren't too small (I think the whole hotel has just been refurbished?), quiet. But the best part was the great rate I got on their website. I hope it wasn't just introductory and that they will continue with the reasonable (for New York!) room rates.	
Jul 15 2009 	Don't Walk RUN AWAY from this hotel!!!! Housekeepers Wake you at 6AM--even with a Do Not Disturb Sign On the Door!	My husband and I lived on the Upper West Side of NYC for many years and moved to the suburbs this past year. For our anniversary, we decided to spend the nite in our old neighborhood. Empire Hotel is well located so we booked a room. Upon arrival at 4 pm I was told my room was not available and would have to wait--though check-in time was 3 pm. When I did get access to my room it was tiny and dark, on the first floor, with a view of the air shaft! That aside, it was nice to be able to unpack and we ventured out for the evening. We enjoyed a lovely outdoor dinner across from Lincoln Center at Bar Boulud, and then proceeded to see South Pacific at the Vivian Beaumont Theatre.After the show, we returned to the hotel to have a drink at the roof lounge. The bouncer in the lobby was incredibly rude and insisted that we wait on the sidewalk with the huge crowd that had formed there, despite our insisting that we were hotel guests and showed our room keys. After a discussion with the concierge in the lobby we were able to wait on the line in the lobby, rather than outside on the sidewalk. We were already annoyed that we had to convince them in the first place. We proceeded up to the roof, which was actually quite nice--despite the $16 cocktails.The final, and last straw reason I say RUN AWAY from this hotel happened much later in the evening, rather, quite early in the morning! DESPITE having a Do Not Disturb sign on our door handle, the housekeeping staff pounded on our door at 6 AM to clean the room!!! We were livid and insisted that they leave immediately. We had finally fallen back to sleep and housekeeping knocked AGAIN at 6:45! We were baffled since we were checking out that day so they did not need to make up the room. We had to call housekeeping and lodge a complaint and they finally laid off. We never figured out why they would knock so early in the morning but it threw off our entire day as we were unable to fall back asleep for a while and then overslept! I will NEVER stay at this hotel again, and I will be sure to tell everyone I know (and all you on trip advisor) to find another hotel in the area. As I lived nearby for 11 years, I will likely try On the Ave Hotel, the Beacon or the Lucerne next--I strongly suggest you do the same!!! Thank you.	
Jul 14 2009	Worst Service I've Ever Experienced!	Recently my friends and I had a party at the rooftop bar. The staff was rude and abrasive the entire time we were there. Initially I thought, well maybe this person is having a bad day. Then I met another rude waitress, and another rude bartender, and another, and another, and another. It was absurd. One waitress actually said, &quot;Our motto is that the customer is Always Wrong.&quot; In short, It was the worst service ever.	
Jul 9 2009	Empire Hotel is a special hotel	My adult daughter and I booked a Superior Queen-Queen room for the evening of July 4th to see the fireworks on the Hudson River. I got a 30% discount on the room through the hotel's own web site. With all taxes, ect. included, the room came to $267.00. The room was very clean and very nicely appointed. There was a large walk in closet to hang our clothing and in the closet was a mini-bar fridge and a safe (free to use). The bathroom was plenty big with a full tub and shower and full shower doors. There was space next to the sink to put our make-up and toiletries plus there were shelves underneath for additional items. You did have to be careful not to turn the water on too quickly or it would splash due to the kind of sink it was. We had nice robes to use. Check in is listed as 3:00 p.m. but we went early to see if we could drop off our luggage as we had tickets to the ballet across the street at the Lincoln Center. We arrived at 1:00 and got to check right in and our room was ready. We ate at the hotel's restaurant, Center Cut, and the food was wonderful. We had the pre-fix menu and was very satisfied with the portions and the quality of the food. We each got 3 huge cookies which we took to the room as we were full from the main courses. After dinner we went to the roof top lounge to get a good seat for the fireworks. Guest's do not have to stand in the line that is outside. You just go to the elevator's and show the bouncer your room key and they let you right in to the elevator. Also, we had friends who met us at the hotel for the evening. All we had to do was go down to the lobby when they arrived and tell the bouncers that they were with us and they got to go to the roof top right away. The drinks averaged $13-$15 each but that is not any more expensive than many places in NYC. Every staff person was very friendly and helpful from the doorman to the bus boys. If I can ever get a good deal again for this hotel, I will stay here again and will recommend it to my family and friends. Staying here made the 4th very special.	
Jul 6 2009 	Unique Trendy Hotel Great Location	Unique trendy hotel, room was perfect size as we spent most of days in New York. Bar area was cozy and a pleasant area to sit in. Every Thursday evening live Jazz music is played. Staff very friendly and helpful. Breakfast in hotel was minimal just would have expected more choice. Hotel is located a few 100 yards from Central Park, is very near to 5th Ave and many other shops and restaurants. Would definitely recommend a stay in the Empire Hotel.	
Jul 6 2009 	Great Location	Great Location once we found the subway that was 200m from the hotel. Great sized room, bit disappointed there was no restaurant. The cocktail bar on the top floor in the evening is not run by the hotel so you can't put anything on your tab. Stunning views though.One block from Central Park - David Blaine was there hanging upside down, well for some of the time!Loved New York. Take a bus tour so you get to know where you are in the first instance. Went to the highest level of the Empire State Building amazing views. My favourite place was Times Square and Broadway, the lights in the evening and the buzz was fantastic!!For my birthday dinner we went to the Rainbow Rooms, Rockefeller Centre. AMAZING!	
Jul 6 2009 	amazing hotel fantastic location good value for money	When we booked this hotel we read mixed reviews - don't believe the bad ones!! this hotel is great value for money - the rooms are extremely comfortable and the decoration is neutral and stylish. The staff and concierge service were very pleasant and helpful. The rooftop pool is small but there is a great deck to sunbathe on with individual booths, ipod docks and robes - great views over manhattan. The location is also great - central park is literally on your doorstep. We stayed in three new york hotels and this was by far our favourite. I will definitely go back.	
Jul 1 2009 	The pros kind of balance out the cons but I won't go back.	My partner and I stayed for two weekend nights and while it wasn't a hideous hotel experience, there was no joy going back to our room.The Pros: Great location. Right across the street from Lincoln Center with lots of restaurants, Central Park, and Time Warner Center nearby. Right above Columbus Circle, it is where the midtown starts to give way to the West Side. The hotel public areas and room were extremely clean. Finishes and furnishings are all fairly new. Bed was comfy.The Cons: Our Standard Queen room was definitely on the small (tiny) side and it only had a single window that faced an air shaft making for a very dark room during the middle of the day. The lighting in the room didn't really help much. Except for the bathroom there was only one single plug available to for iPod, cell phone, laptop chargers and it was kind of hard to get to under one of the night stands. We had a non-smoking room but at least once we smelled smoke coming from somewhere else. Overall the small bathroom was kind of nice but the sink was oddly hard to use. The stylish faucet was too close to the shallow basin which made it very hard to get both hands under the water at the same time. I don't think I have ever had trouble washing hands in a hotel bathroom before. The fitness center was small with 5 cardio machines and few free weights.One of the major reasons I chose the Empire was because it has a pool on the roof. I thought that might be a nice amenity given our late June stay. Unfortunately the day that we arrived they close the pool earlier in the day because of rain even though the sun was out in a bright blue sky for about five hours before it started to rain again. They claimed the closure was due to the threat of weather, safety etc. But they seemed to be overly cautious relying on a forecast rather than on real time conditions. Setting aside their judgement about whether or not the pool should have been open, we got conflicting messages about if it was open, when it would open etc. We got at least three different stories and no one was really sure if it was open or not. At one point the hotel operator told me it was open even though we had just tried to get to it but found a locked door. He tried to transfer me to the front desk, but instead I waited on the phone for 8 minutes and 47 seconds before I got tired of waiting and hung up. The real relevation was a little later in the day when someone at the front desk told me that the pool was open and defended their closure policy--but said she would check with the food and beverage department to make sure it was open. This suggests to me that the pool is a profit center for the hotel and not an amenity for guest. If the food and bev people aren't ther to take your money then the pool is closed?Another disappointment was the spa. I waited for 15 minutes for my treatment and never had anyone explain that they were running late or any kind of acknowledgement that they were keeping me waiting. It was only after I said I was leaving that the receptionist offered me a weak &quot;we will be right with you...&quot; I said thanks but no thanks. My partner did have a mani/pedi that he said was pretty lackluster and definitely not worth the time.It is also one of those boutique hotels that feels like it is more interested in being a nightclub, and has lines out the front door for its rooftop bar in the evenings.Overall, the stay wasn't hideous. But it wasn't what it should have been.	
Jun 30 2009	"Funky Cool Secure Modern 	I took my elderly mother to NYC this June for a surprise 80th birthday present. For her well feeling it was important for us that the hotel was located in a safe area of NY and that it would allowed her to feel secure and comfortable once her room door was closed...... If these issues are similar to yours then in my opinion you can book this hotel with confidence.Its a bit on the expensive side so shop around if your not needing all the trimmings. Apart from that its in a great location, rooms are modern and clean, showers are good and for those baby sitting their mothers its great for retiring to the roof top bar once the old ones have been tucked up with their horlicks!...... Check it out its really cool &amp; funcky!	
Jun 23 2009 	Quirky hotel in great location	Stayed at the Empire June 18-21 with friends, attending the US open golf tournament by day and doing the city by night. The rooms (particularly the queen express) are quite small, as has been noted in other reviews, but are well appointed. The location is great, right across the street from Lincoln Center, easy walk to Central Park and lots of attractions. The feel of the hotel is like a W hotel - the lobby is a bar and there's disco pumped in at night. Great for people watching. The only knock on it was the housekeeping - one day, I had three glasses in the room, the next day one; one day they didn't leave a bath mat, another day no hand towels. I would recommend it at sale rates that have been advertised but the rack rate is not deserved.	
Jun 20 2009 	Good Location shame about the Cost !	We booked a &quot;Superior King&quot; at this hotel about two months before going to visit our son. It is all very grand at the entrance,lounge,lobby and bar with brown and gold interior decor.Our son was able to get us a promotional code which gave us a 30%+ discount and it was still, more than we wanted to pay but, it was in a good location.When we arrived apparently our room had been given to someone else which was rather disturbing to say the least.We arrived around 6pm and rooms are only available from 3pm so we were not exactly late.However,we were offered a room with two double beds (called a double double).There was a hanging rail with a curtain and eight coat hangers no wardrobe and no chest of drawers.We returned to reception to be offered another similar room, but with a wardrobe and a chest of drawers but the bad news was they wanted $50.00 (about £30.00) a night more oh and no view of the street ! So we went back again and mangaged to settle on a room (looking over Broadway) with two queen size beds(a double double) with a hanging rail and a long seat with two drawers with no extra cost. At the time it was suggested that we go out and come back for better choice ? No way,these things are better sorted straight away even though we had had a seven hour flight and a one hour taxi ride from JFK.Incidently get into a yellow cab as it's a fixed fare of $45.00 anything else could cost more than double.Anyway there are 400 rooms in this hotel and about three people dealing with guests as they arrive so I guess they cannot be expected to know what each room is like.We came to the conclusion that style/design is more important than practicalities.The shower was missing a sliding door which had supposedly been removed as there was a safety issue ? The wash basin was a very trendy shallow box shape which meant you had to put your hands down flat to wash.Although the room was a little dark partly due to the decor there were four different lights. The bed was very comfortable,the 32&quot; flat screen TV was good but don't expect good programmes although you may just see a good film if your lucky.We were on the third floor and the double glazed window pretty much took away all traffic sounds.The rooftop bar was good,so was the terrace, with good views and the pool was great on hot days, as it is not heated. The air conditioning seemed to stop and an engineer came up very swiftly to put it right.Unfortunately this happened again and again and again and so on. We had visits from about six different engineers over the week and did not want the hassle of changing the room, which may not have been an option.When it came to pay the bill, I said I wanted to talk to someone who could authorise a deduction due to the faulty air conditoning unit.All the staff are very good and the manager I spoke to apologised, taking $100.00 off the bill and about $18.00 in taxes.Otherwise the final bill would have been about $1440.00 inc. taxes and without the promotional code, even more !Overall the location was excellent and hotel was a very good standard. We were just not used to paying so much for a room only.The Lincoln Center was just across the street and a multiplex cinema just five minutes on foot up Broadway.If you are into Starbucks, there was one in the same block two minutes away.There were a number of eating places almost opposite which got cheaper the further you were prepared to walk.If you are staying for a week get a metro card for $25.00 (£15.00) so you can travel on the subway every day without incurring more outlay.It almost paid for itself on the first day !There is so much to see and do I could not begin to put it all down here but a trip to the Hi Line walk opened 9th June was very pleasant and central park was only a short walkaway with it's boathouse and boats.The best part of the trip was picking up tickets on Times Square to be in the audience for the Dave Letterman Show as we saw Julia Roberts live.	
Jun 15 2009 	Good Standard	I enjoyed my stay at the Empire. Excellent location right opposite the Lincoln Center and easy walking distance to Central Park, Upper West Side and Midtown. I found the staff friendly and the bedroom and lounge areas very clean with a relaxing ambience. The one minor downside was that my bathroom was seriously tiny - barely big enough to swing a small washbag. But, as I say, this was minor.	
Jun 14 2009 	TINY room bad service great location...mediocre at best	I was pretty excited to be staying at this hotel. Despite the mixed tripadvisor reviews, I was pretty keen on having a good stay. From the minute I arrived, I started to doubt it. I arrived on a Friday early evening and there was a long line from the front door of the hotel to half way down the street. Apparently the line was from those who wanted to get up to the rooftop bar for the evening. There was only one front desk clerk and a line of at least 6 guests waiting. It took me almost 20 minutes just to check in! There were more staff assigned to people trying to access the rooftop bar than staff dedicated to checking in guests. My question to management - is your primary concern to service guests to your hotel or guests to your rooftop bar? The rooms were SO small, even by NYC standards. There was no closet - just a pull back fabric sheet that had the mini bar. The desk did not even have a plug for a laptop! The shower was pretty cool once you figured out how to turn it on! As mentioned by others, the air conditioner in the room is quite loud. The pluses were the location. You are right by the 7th avenue subway line and walking distance to Central Park, Lincoln Center, and Columbus Circle. The hotel provides free WiFi. With lots of choices in NYC, I will likely stay elsewhere on my next stay.	
Jun 12 2009 	Avoid! Noisy air conditioner-small room-dark lobby-rude staff-crap swimming pool	Avoid! Noisy air conditioner-small room-dark lobby-rude staff-crap swim	
Jun 11 2009 	Very modern roomsspotlessly cleana walk away from central park and times square	We stayed at the Empire and it was very &quot;art deco&quot; but rooms were fantastic and modern and hotel was located on Broadway.There is a wine bar type place on the roof for nightly drinks but we never seen any guests go up there....seemed like this was the &quot;in&quot; place to be - for the right people,who were also dressed correctly i.e certainly not for holidaymakers in shorts.	
Jun 7 2009 	Nice room great location	We had a really pleasant stay at the Empire Hotel. As many other reviewers have noted, the location is really convenient. We've generally stayed in Times Square, and it was nice to stay somewhere just a little bit quieter, that was still an easy walk to Lincoln Center, Central Park, and the Time Warner Center (where we heartily recommend the Bouchon Bakery, if anyone has a sweet tooth). It was a quick subway ride to Times Square (I wouldn't quite say easy, since the NYC subway system always seems more confusing than it needs to be, but there are a number of lines that you can get on at Columbus Circle), or an inexpensive cab ride. As for the room itself, we must have been lucky, because our room was quite large, with a king-sized bed, desk, chair, closet, and dresser, and the bathroom was a decent -size too. It was on the first floor, and we were afraid that it would be noisy, but that really wasn't a problem (we are fairly sound sleepers, though).My two main complaints were the oddly shallow sink in the bathroom, which splashed us every time we turned on the faucet, no matter how careful we tried to be; and the rather antique A/C units that others have mentioned. We didn't have a really hot weekend, but when the sun came directly in in the late afternoon it got a tad warm, but nothing really uncomfortable.	
Jun 2 2009 	Great Hotel	Myself and 3 of my girlfriends stayed at the Empire Hotel for a quick NY trip this Memorial Day weekend. The hotel is directly across the street from Lincoln Centre and one block away from Central Park. Very close to Times Square (within walking distance) but still far enough away to be a little quieter. There's a Starbucks next door to the hotel and a drug store just around the corner (that sells everything from soup to nuts). The hotel is as beautiful as it appears on the internet. However, the rooms and bathrooms are quite tiny, a little tough for 4 girls to get ready in, but we managed..... We got a great deal of $179/night US for two double beds. The pool is quite tiny and is actually indoors...(okay for kids)......they have beautiful lounge chairs and a lounge area outside where you can catch some rays. Free wireless internet access which is rare these days.	
May 31 2009 	I loved my first stay in NYC!	I met my husband in NYC for a few days. We found an amazing deal on Travelzoo for the Empire Hotel. Being our first stay in NYC, I checked out the reviews of the Empire before I booked. The reviews sounded reasonable so we said why not? Location is great and ambiance in the lobby was perfect. They held our bags before we checked in and we were greeted very pleasantly. Now, our one complaint would be check in time. It was supposed to be 3 but we got our room at 3:45. They were very apologetic. Our room was adorable. We had a superior king - extremely clean, neat and tidy. The sheets were great and the bed was comfortable. TV was large and we had a nice view of the park across the road. We asked not to be on the 11th floor due to the rooftop bar. We had new towels everyday, I loved the wooden slats in the shower and the turn down service black and white cookie were delicious. Our main reason for visiting NYC was sightseeing so we weren't in our room much during the day but we did spend two nights in and it was quiet and lovely. I really do find it amusing that there are all these complaints about the size of rooms. It's New York. The bathroom was small but what do you need all that space for? I loved that Starbucks was next door, PJ Clarkes was a great pub, and the pharmacy is next to Starbucks. The staff were wonderful. The guys at the door helped us get a cab anytime need be. I loved our stay at the Empire. It's a 7 dollar cab ride to Broadway - ya can't beat that! We will be back.	
May 30 2009	great location but don't bring any clothes...nowhere to put them	Although the hotel is highly rated and praise is given from many a New Yorker, I can't help but wonder if they ever have spent a night in the rooms other than to crash after too much partying at one of the &quot;fabulous&quot; events. Not only is there no room to maneuver around the beds, there is NO DRESSER OR CLOSET!!!! You can hang a couple of items above the stocked fridge and safe but no long items. Maybe that is why when we were checking out we were not asked how our stay was. .It is unfortunate...otherwise it is a wonderful property..	
May 28 2009 	Trying to be hip but doesn't quite make it	The location is nice and the rooms are ok, but here is the big problem with this hotel: it has a lounge on the top floor that attracts a crowd that does not reflect well on the demographic of the hotel. When I was walking into the lobby one night, a girl was being helped outside, completely drunk and nearly passed out, and she then puked right outside the front door. The crowd going upstairs is less than desirable. There is a bar on the first floor, but it was so quiet that i didn't even feel comfortable staying and having a drink with my friend. Seems like they don't quite have their act together yet.	
May 28 2009 	This hotel is a mixed bag	Spent two nights at the Empire Hotel. Booked Travelocity so price was right. Pluses: proximity to Central Park and Lincoln Centernice linensdecor esthetically pleasinggood in room snacksnice roof top gardencomfortable lounge areasMinuses:leaky showertiny bathroomsmall roomnoisy air conditionerno alarm clock	
May 17 2009 	Noisy air conditioner	We had a very similar experience to the last reviewer. The room was ok, the location was great (but every location in New York is great now). The room was clean and toiletries were nice. What bothered me the most was the noise from the air-conditioner. It kept going on and off half the night and woke me up every time it went on. I couldn’t sleep until it completely stopped working in the morning.	
May 14 2009	It's o.k	I stayed at the Empire for 4 nights in April w/ my mother, ( the well seasoned world traveler). I got a good rate of 169.00 for a double from Travelzoo w/ tax it worked out to about 200 a night. The location was excellent we walked or took the subway everywhere. The rooms are small. The bathroom is small, once I figured out the shower it was fine. There is nowhere in the bathroom to put your personal items, curling iron, toothpaste etc.. except on top of the toilet tank or the narrow shelves. I saw advertised their turn down service and a free newspaper. I asked several times for turn down and did not get it until the 3rd time, the newspaper had to be asked for at the desk, unlike most places that deliver to your door or have a pile of papers at the front desk. The rooftop bar is ok, very expensive. I went there one night and it was nearly empty the next night a line out the lobby. I do not know what was so special about the bar. It would have been nice to have a little fridge in the room instead of the expensive mini bar. A little coffee w/ the room would have been even nicer, instead of supplying the little tray of convenience items on the table. My mother and I got a kick out of some of the items, everything from candy bars to self pleasur items. I would rather have liked coffee to be offered instead, of me having to dress every morning and going down to Starbucks. I have stayed at several hotels comparable in price as the Empire and most of have offered at least coffee and a microwave. I think they need more help there, their was often a wait at the front desk. The housecleaners would forget to do things, like leave towels. Even though they took my half full bottle of wine that was sitting on the table. The doormen were friendly. The concierge arranged a shuttle pick up for the airport and it was around $50.00 for the two of us, tolls included. Our room was on the 5th floor and noisy. I would only stay here again if the rate was the same. I would never pay more.	
May 9 2009 	Great location doesn't make up for terrible staff	I was recently in NY for a long weekend, and though apprehensive about staying at the Empire Hotel because of the reviews we saw, decided to book here because we have several friends who live in the area. From what I have seen on the other reviews, they are pretty much true. The location is great, with easy access to midtown via Columbus Circle and the park. However, given the prices for the room and the service of the hotel, there are most certainly better hotels in the area than the Empire Hotel.Upon checking in at 4pm, we were told that our room was not ready yet, despite it being check-in time. When told how long it would take, the receptionist said he had no idea, and that we should just come back in a few hours. Not even an apology or a rough estimate. So we went out and came back at 6pm, and still the room wasn't ready. When we asked for an explanation they had none. Things then got even worse when we asked to speak to the manager. The receptionist went to the back office to speak to the manager, and we could hear the manager respond &quot;not my problem, tell them I'm not in&quot;. What kind of hotel does this! When we told the receptionist that we heard him, he pretended to have no idea what we were talking about. Finally 20 minutes later we were given our room, on the 3rd floor facing Broadway. As others have mentioned, the AC/heating unit didn't function properly, and it felt like it was 90 degrees in our room. We couldn't really open up the window because of all the noise from the street and the construction going on. So despite the bed being quite comfortable, we were barely able to get any sleep because of the noise and heat. The bathroom was another mistake. It was so small that only one person can go in it at a time, and when you shower water gets all over the place. You would think they would fix that. On the 2nd night we decided to check out the rooftop bar. It is served by a separate elevator in the lobby. When we went down there was a line outside of maybe 10-15 people. However, it took a good 25 minutes before we were finally let up there. When we got up there we were surprised to see maybe 20 people in the bar. They made us wait downstairs all that time when the place was empty? The drinks are outrageously priced, and the waitresses are really pushy when it comes to ordering drinks. We checked out of the hotel on Sunday. We called down for the bellhop service, but they never showed. They tried to charge us for a bunch of drinks from the minibar which we never took. After arguing with receptionist over it, he finally agreed to take off the charges. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. There are much better hotels in the city, especially for this price.	
May 4 2009 	We loved the Hotel Empire and will definitely stay here again!	I booked the hotel through Perfect Escapes because they offered a guaranteed room upgrade. We got a fantastic deal on the queen express room and were upgraded to the standard queen. I usually stay at much larger hotels instead of smaller, boutique hotels and had no idea what to expect but I ended up loving the hotel and will definitely stay there again. It is one block away from Central Park and directly across the street from Lincoln Center. FANTASTIC location! Subway stations are just 3 blocks south and 3 blocks north. It's close to the park, close to midtown, close to the upper west side, but it's in a quieter spot so you aren't mobbed by crowds every time you step out the door. Starbucks just steps away and another one block south. 24 hour Duane Reade right next to Starbucks, Deli/bodega a block down, and lots of fruit and cart vendors around. There are several restuarants in the immediate area that are moderately expensive and many chain stores, but we just hopped on the subway up just one stop to 72nd and broadway for cheaper eats and a more &quot;neighborhood&quot; feel.The lobby has a hipster/cool vibe but there were tourists of all types staying there. The doormen were great and the front desk staff was not overly friendly but were extremely helpful and efficient. They offered to print out our boarding passes but we ended up needing to use the business center to access email and it was about $3. They held our bags both before checkin and after checkout with no problems. They have a rooftop lounge that is open to the public and apparently a hot spot as the line stretched around the block on saturday night, but it's accessed through an elevator not used for guestsrooms so it was not disruptive. Our room was very near the elevator which usually means I hear it all night so I was worried about noise but I never heard anything and it was a nice, quiet stay. The bathroom had a pedestal sink and shower that only has a half door so the floor could get a little wet but it wasn't as bad as I thought it might be. No bathtub. There was no vent fan for the bathroom which I would have liked to have to cut down on the humidity, although that also didn't turn out to be much of a problem. The ac unit wasn't upgraded with the rest of the hotel and while it stayed at a comfortable temperature while on high it did not ever get truly COLD, which I prefer at night, and would have liked since it was a record high of 92 in April while we were there. It was never too hot though. The bed had nice pillows but no top sheet, which I found odd and slightly discomforting since I never use the comforters on hotel beds. The white duvet was spotless though so they must replace the cover with a clean one for each guest. I am used to sleeping on a thick pillow top bed and the bed at the hotel was pretty hard but I had a great nights sleep. The room was spotless and the toiletries and towels were nice. They had a fully stocked minbar and lots of extras to purchase that were all incredibly expensive, as expected. The room was small, but that was also expected. It was plenty big for two people but I can't imagine what the smaller &quot;queen express&quot; room would have been like and am glad we upgraded to the bigger room. There was a small closet and place for a large suitcase, desk, 2 nightstands, 3 lamps and an alarm clock with ipod dock. Big flat screen tv. Upon returning one night all power was off in the room expect the bathroom light and it took maybe 2 minutes to have a repairman up to fix it (blown fuse or circuit) so it was not a problem at all. We had an &quot;interior courtyard room&quot; that looked down upon not so much a courtyard but a patch of grass and some construction, and across to the other side of the hotel (it's shaped like a V). They have a pool which doesn't open until may and a spa with a wide array of treatments that we did not use.Did I mention the fantastic location? It truly can't be beat. I've stayed downtown before and never thought I'd like staying in midtown but I will be coming back to this hotel next trip. It was nice to be away from the hustle and bustle of true midtown but be able to be in the action in just a 2 min walk. The park being just one block away was so great, and it's a great area of the park too.I was incredibly impressed with the Hotel Empire and I encourage you to give it a shot. I have been recommending this hotel to everyone I know who is interested in visiting New York.	
Apr 27 2009 	Wonderful hotel!	My stay at the Empire was fabulous. The staff could not have been nicer, and my room was very comfortable. Great linens, quiet room, excellent bath products and a WONDERFUL rain shower. I love the location...its a couple of blocks from Central Park, and right across the street from Lincoln Center. There is a Starbucks and Duane Reade pharmacy right next door, and lots of awesome restaurants very close. The rooftop bar is lovely...until 9PM it is hotel guests only, but after that gets extremely crowded. I would definitely return to this hotel. Its like a Soho Grande on the Upper West Side!	
Apr 24 2009 	Fun Great Boutique Hotel	We stayed here when this hotel just opened a few years ago and have been back 4 times. This is a nicely priced boutique hotel with a nice bar scene and a great rooftop/pool bar. Rooms are nicely appointed. Standard rooms are very small, we stayed in the deluxe room which was is a bit bigger . Nice location, across from Lincoln Center. Very nice lobby bar, and the restaurant &quot;Center Cut&quot; that opened right after we stayed is supposed to be very good from what we've heard. Located across the street from the #1 subway.	
Apr 23 2009 	Not recommended	We did not like this hotel at all. Smallest room and smalleest bathroom ever. We had a terrible view on the building next door. Real bad experience and would not recommend it. It was terribly noisy with a very busy nightclub with line at the door.	
Apr 23 2009 	Wouldn't mind staying there again	I stayed at the Empire with my husband between April the 7th and the 15th (yes, during Easter). We made the reservation online and when we got there we were assigned room 141 - which was the size of a breadbasket, with a tiny window that opened to something almost indescribable - a claustrophobic inner yard where all I could see were pipes and other related air conditioning stuff!!! No way I was going to spend 8 nights in that hole! Plus, when we booked online, we specified that we preferred a room on an upper floor and they ended up giving us one on the 1st floor...We immediately went back down to the front desk where I let a very nice woman know how shocked I was and she was extremely understanding - for an upgrade of only 30 dollars/day, we were then assigned a room on the 10th floor, overlooking the Broadway :)Apart from that, we only interacted with the staff when we checked out and that went smoothly - when we woke up on the morning of the 15th (our last day), an informative invoice had been slid under the door for our review, which was nice.One of the bellmen took our luggage after we gave up the room at noon and a few hours later we went back to retrieve our bags. That was when one of them let us know that we get to the airport by a normal taxi with the meter running (we had paid around 80 dollars to get from Newark Liberty to the Empire) or we could use one of the hotel cars for a flat fee of 75 dollars - tolls and tips included. We chose to take one of their SUVs but, when we got to the airport, the driver said he had to charge 85 dollars to include the toll. I argued that I had been told that the flat fee I had agreed on was 75 dollars and that he should take it up with the people at the hotel. But I said that he had to charge at least 80 dollars and I let it go - not a very nice goodbye to the Hotel Empire, but not a biggie either.	
Apr 22 2009 	GREAT STAY!	I booked the corner suite on their website for a promotional rate (stay in a suite for one night and get the second night free!). The room was very nice and clean. Exactly pictured in their website. The room was a descent size but I don't know about the standard size ones. The only con is the shower doesn't have a curtain so the water gets out. Overall a great experience, worth the money and would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 16 2009 	Right location small bathroom	This hotel is located right across the street from Lincoln Center! We were offered a quiet room or one with a view. We picked view and watched the traffic and Lincoln Center from our 6th floor king sized bed room. The room was a decent size with desk, chair, additional chair and bed. The bed was comfortable with a duvet. The bathroom, while showing innovation, was about the same size as the one on Amtrak. The sink was tiny, the shower had a showerhead on the ceiling and a wand - but no explanation of how to operate. There was little room to move around.There is a trendy roof top bar and a bar on the first floor as well. Check your bill on departure. We were charged with two purchases from the mini-bar which we didn't have. The clerk mentioned that it is simply a matter of trust - and he would do away with the mini-bar. I don't think that was appropriate to say to us.	
Apr 12 2009 	Clean Boutique and very well placed.......	First trip to New York, for my wife's 30th birthday. Fantastic flight in with Delta, and great $45 cab trip to hotel.We were welcomed by very smart, well dressed doorman, who would do anything to help. The foyer, bar, and entrance are beautiful. The lifts are v.funky. Got to our room, not the biggest I've stayed in but lovely bed, big LCD TV on the wall, nice shower / toilet with great smelling shower gel. The room temperature was quite warm, if you like it like that, I don't so had the AC on some of the time.Location is second to none. 2 minute walk and your at Columbus Circle MTA, or even Central Park. My wife and I loved walking into town, usually going down to Central Park, then walking down 5th Avenue. The hotel is great for site seeing / shopping as once your in the MTA station you can pretty much access anywhere in Manhattan.The restaurants around the hotel are great too. PJ Clarkes is brilliant, and so is Rosa Mexicana. The Guacamole made fresh in front of you is something to be tried!!!!!As with all big city hotels, mini bar prices are expensive but there is a 24hr mini-market type shop round the corner, where you can purchase any type of drinl at a fraction of the price, plus also a local Starbucks!	
Apr 11 2009 	Stay Away!	We normally stay at Le Parker Meridien but decided to try something different. What a mistake! Having read a warning about loud construction noise at the Empire, I requested a quiet room. The room we were put in was directly below the women's bathroom of their rooftop bar. For two nights we heard loud and clear (and felt our headboard shake) each time someone closed a bathroom stall door until the bar closed at 2:00 a.m. During the day we could hear the construction noise from the street so there was no sleeping during the day or night. In addition, our air conditioning did not work despite two attempts by maintenance men to fix it. The second repairman said our unit was old and just didn't work very well. We asked to be moved but were told there were no other rooms available. I could go on and on but read the other reviews and you'll see that the bathrooms are also a problem. This hotel charges way too much for these basic problems not to have been fixed. After two sleepless nights, we checked out and moved to another hotel. Avoid the hastle of a hotel move mid-trip and stay somewhere else in the first place. We'll be at Le Parker Meridien.	
Apr 8 2009 	Don't waste your time.	I needed a hotel near my meeting place the next morning and, liking slightly offbeat hotels, thought the Empire would be a good choice. &quot;Trendy&quot; is a nice way of saying &quot;mostly inadequate.&quot; The semi-goth decor is what it is, but the lighting is so bad that you have to squint even to see the elevator buttons. And I don't mind smaller rooms, but the one they put me in was 205 sf, exactly. Unless I was standing in the tiny bathroom, the only place to go was the foot of the bed or on the bed itself. There were no glasses in the room, I think on purpose, and the &quot;bar&quot; had three bottles of wine for sale but not even so much as a bottle of water. By the time I got to the breakfast buffet I was parched. I completely skipped the restaurant for dinner. Lastly beware if you are a business traveler. The &quot;business center&quot; consisted of two computer terminals and two printer/copiers in a tiny closet. Literally. The location is great if you want to be near Colmubus Circle, but otherwise if you want a trendy hotel in Manhattan go to the Tribeca or one of the half dozen other places downtown. The Empire comes up short.	
Apr 6 2009 	Hotel is a joke.	Booked through their website for a Queen room for $229. Price was fine but their website last year never made mention of the square feet. I promise you this was a refurbished linen closet. We walked passed the door 3 times and never saw it. Picture a normal hotel hallway with doors on either side but all of a sudden there's a little mini alcove. That was our room entrance. I had to turn sideways to get to the door(I promise you I'm not fat). I could've sat on the bed and washed my hands in the bathroom at the same time. You had to crawl over bed to get to closet. My wife and I were laughing so hard when we saw the room it was almost worth it for the enjoyment. We walked upstairs to the pool on the roof that they so elegantly advertise. You know whats coming-it is the size of plastic pool from Toys R Us. The roof bar is terrible with no crowd. Luckily the only time we returned to the hotel was to sleep. Except for the story I get to tell my friends about this joke of a hotel it really isnt funny. There are hundreds of better places to stay in NYC, including sleeping on park bench. Take my advice, seek accommodations elsewhere.	
Mar 31 2009 	Fab re-furb - on the surface! Trendy but noisy.	This hotel is in a wonderful location if you can accept that many New York hotels are very noisy. It's on the junction of Broadway and 8th so if you have a room on the outside, expect traffic noise. If you have a room on the inside, expect generator, or air-con noise. I've had both. Again, as with many NY hotels, some of the rooms are very small - and internal ones are dark and hot. The re-furb is amazing - it's very trendy, wonderful lobby and a great joined -together look; bed is VERY comfortable and bathroom posh but minute. The actual detail is somewhat lacking - none of the sinks (in 3 rooms used) drained and 2 splashed all over the place when the taps were on; it's a rain shower, if you can get it to work...The air con is old and incredibly noisy - without it the internal rooms are baking hot even in March. If I had spent as much on re-furbing this hotel as they must have, I would have dealt with the fabric of the building and improved the air-con and double glazing, made it a real destination hotel...if they can fill it like this, good for them.Desk staff are fine; bar is uber-expensive but very cool; free wi-fi is a big bonus. If you want the look and the feel, go for this hotel; if you want a really good nights sleep, go somewhere else.	
Mar 26 2009 	Fantastic Location	The location is simply perfect; just in front of the Lincoln centre, few steps away from Columbus circle, Central Park, Broadway, 2 underground stations and 5th Avenue.We booked a family room for four people to save money and I can say that, according to NY standards, the room was very spacious; luxury bath and bedclothes and Occitane bath products!!Breakfast is a bit expensive, but you may find a starbucks just around the corner.	
Mar 24 2009 	Very nice hotel with few complaints	First Complaint would be the parking prices of $65 per night but we found parking at the ICON Garage right around the corner- advance reservations online for this was $70 for the weekend. When we walked in we got a really warm feeling with a friendly doorman and semi friendly front desk staff. The rooms are a bit small but not too bad...the bathroom is small and does have that European door- kinda neat...I would not want that at home but for a hotel it is fine. The location is wonderful-Central Park is right there! Another compaint was there are no ice machines anywhere- you must call room service for the ice and they bring very small buckets so chances are you will need to call for more if it is more then one person...welll needless to say that means tipping. I do not feel like I should have to tip for frozen water. It is something I would have been glad to get myself and keep my money. Room service was closed at 11pm on Sat night too which I did not understand so NO ICE after 11pm. I called for wine glasses 3 times and it took almost 2 hours to get some so ended up drinking wine outta our bathroom glasses. It worked. And the only other complaint was after they cleaned our room on Sat. they never put new wash clothes in there so we used our face towels on Sunday. The housekeeper was very nice and gave us slippers...so make sure you ask for them as they were not in the room when we checked in but our robes were. Overall~ we had a lovely time and may return if looking for that uptown area.	
Mar 23 2009 	fantastic hotel	we recently stayed at the empire hotel for 5 days all i can say is ignore the bad reviews i was very unsure before we went after reading some reviews need not of been it was fantastic rooms very nice and clean maid service every day with fresh linen also a turn down service free of charge at nite leaving you a sweet treat in your room aftrewards definately has the wow factor when you walk in staff very friendly and helpfull only thing to moan about was that in the hotel itself it is very expensive but its new york what do you expect its no cheap holiday, excellent mini market next door also starbucks right on the door step nice restaurant next door again not cheap thow bye a hopper ticket and go down town save yourselfs some money pool in hotel not open till may thow good nite life at hotel on top floor ,excellent poistion for central park and times square, on a last note if your visiting this hotel am sure you will not be dissappointed enjoy have fun and spend spend spend xxxx	
Mar 15 2009 	Great hotel with zero personality at reception desk	Stayed at Empire on a Tuesday night in early March. I had reserved a smoking room and even though it was early afternoon there were non available. The only smoking room left in the hotel was one room that was an upgrade that required an upgrade in price along with it. All three front desk personnel were brusque and disinterested. Room was nicely appointed, but very warm even with the HVAC off. With no shower door, curtain or shower base (there is a drain in the bathroom floor) the water covers the entire bathroom floor and out to the carpeted room. Can be quite a mess. The lobby bar was nice with great service. The only coffee available in the morning is outside and around the corner to a Starbucks.	
Mar 11 2009 	Nothing spectacular but very nice hotel in a great locaiton	As a frequent business traveler to NYC, The Empire Hotel is nothing out of the ordinary for good hotels in the city.This modernized hotel with Asian influences right out of West Elm offers rooms on the small side and extremely small bathrooms (1 person only). The king sized bed was very comfortable with a large chair in the corner but the small desk was located directly below the wall mounted flat screen TV which made it uncomfortable to to work. The closet too is small. There's not much to the rooms but they are quiet and clean.The lobby bar is open and inviting and Center Cut, the new steak house on the second floor offered a very good meal. Overall it was comfortable, clean and quiet. Three great things to have in a NYC hotel room but The Empire Hotel is nothing special.	
Feb 27 2009 	Fantastic stay at the Empire	We got an amazing deal through Travelzoo, and although I've stayed all around NY, I'd never heard of the Empire. WOW, what a great stay. The location is incredible; literally across the street from Lincoln Center. It's extremely close to several subway stops, shopping at Columbus Circle, and tons of places to eat. The lobby is fantastic. It's got a glamorous 20's feel, and is very luxurious and inviting at the same time. All of the staff, from the doormen, to the front desk staff, to the cleaning staff were all very friendly and helpful at every turn. They were giving out free mojitos the night we stayed, and had live music which was fun. The room, while small, was a knock out. Incredibly clean, comfy beds, beautifully decorated. The shower thing is a little weird, but it didn't bother me. I had friends staying in another room, and their AC/heating unit didn't work, so they roasted all night, so be sure to check. Ours was perfect, and we had a great night. I keep looking to see if they have great rates, because I can't wait to go back!	
Feb 12 2009 	Absolutely terrible.	I stayed at the Empire traveling for work in September of last year. The lobby and the decor are fantastic and even the room had a great design. My issues is with the service and rodents.I checked into the hotel, got ready for bed, and did my usual check for bed bugs (since a good friend had a run in, I would rather avoid that). When I pulled the mattress back, the boxspring was COVERED in RAT DROPPINGS. ON. MY. BED.Unacceptable. I called the front desk to ask them to please change my room (I would have changed hotels had it not been so late). I got some push back on changing rooms... I kept saying, 'you have to be kidding me, there are RAT DROPPINGS ON MY BED.'Finally, I got assigned a new room. I met the bell hop at my new room, and he told me not to put my credit cards next to my key or this would happen again. Um, what? I told him, 'I'm not sure why you think i'm changing rooms (in my pajamas) but it's certainly not because I am locked out. There were droppings on my bed.'Anyway, the rest of the trip went on like this. One coworker couldn't sleep all night because of the scratching in the wall (those rats again) and another was awoken at 2 am by someone trying to get in her door.When I tried to get a refund on my room, I didn't even get a call back. I left at least 4 messages with the manager. There are much better hotels at a much better value in NYC.	
Jan 29 2009 	Front Desk Staff Needs Improvement	Although I live in the area, I stayed at the Empire for business reasons. The location (across from Lincoln Center) can't be beat (which is why I chose it. I spend a lot of time at Lincoln Center).The lobby of the Empire is wonderful and inviting.However, the front desk couldn't be less interested in their guests -- or at least this one. Perhaps I should have told them that I worked in the media? That might have changed their tune. Very poor customer service, and it was the same upon checkout.The room (I had a deluxe) was okay -- especially since it looked out at Lincoln Center. However, there's no excuse, at those prices, for a cheap armoire (calling it an armoire is being generous).Also, the bathroom (mine wasn't tiny) was horrible.There was no room for cosmetics, toothbrushes or anything.The sink was a problem too -- it didn't drain properly.Plus the lightening was atrocious. The shower was okay, even with the half open glass panel (it didn't leak onto the floor).As others have said, the rooms are overheated. I shut the heat off totally, even though it was chilly. I turned it on occasionally to warm things up a bit.It was nice to have a desk in the room, but there were no extra plugs near the desk. I had to unplug a light to use my computer (or use it w/o that battery). That's just poor planning.On a positive note, the bed was very comfortable, and the housekeeping staff were quite nice. The doorman (all cute young guys) were especially cheerful (most welcome).	
Jan 27 2009	Disappointed with this hotel	Arrrived at 2.45pm were told our rooms were not ready yet checked again at 3.15pm they still were not ready we eventually were checked in at 4.30pm we were not even offered any refreshments while we waited - found rooms to be small and dark and the bathroom even smaller you could open door while sitting on the loo that's how little room there was - when heater was turned on this continually made a noise so it couldnt be left on at night - windows were too stiff couldnt open them - we were at the back of the hotel and there was a humming noise all night coming from their heating system - we had family staying in a room at the front of the hotel and they got the sound of traffic all night plus building works from 8.00am in the morning - extra charges added to our account which we were not told about only discovered this through our credit card account - have emailed the hotel several times about this and have got no reply - we definately would not recommend this hotel to anyone .	
Jan 25 2009 	Upscale trendy Hotel	New trendy hotel in close proximity to Central Park. 10 dollar cab ride from Penn Station. Rooms were nice, but tiny. What do you expect its NYC and it didn't break the bank.	
Jan 24 2009 	Very Nice Hotel	I was attending events at Lincoln Center and bid on Priceline, using a strategy that made it very likely that I'd get the Empire Hotel. I paid $150 a night which was about 60% off the rack rate so I was happy with that price. Upon checkin, I asked if I could get a room on a high floor with a street view and they let me upgrade for a reasonable surcharge. The room was great, with a king-size bed and many very nice amenities, like comfortable bathrobes and fresh flowers. From the doorman to the check-out clerk, all of the staff that I dealt with over the weekend were pleasant and helpful and I never encountered any attitude because I booked with Priceline. The best part of the hotel was the location since you're right in the middle of many restaurants, shops and activities and away from the tackiness of Times Square. I had a great time at the Empire Hotel and would be delighted to stay here again.	
Jan 21 2009	GREAT Price GREAT Location NICE Room	We stayed in the Empire Hotel from January 16 through January 20, 2009. My mother in law actually was there a couple of days longer, from the 14th. We were travelling with my Californian mother in law (in her 60's), my husband, and our two girls, ages 12 and 9, from Ohio. We booked two Superior double rooms through Expedia, and they were DIRT CHEAP compared to anything else -- about $200 plus tax per night. I had stayed in the Empire a lot as a kid on Opera trips with my parents, so I knew the location and felt comfortable there. I also read online that the Empire recently undergone a complete renovation. One thing to remember, unless you want to pay gazillions per night for a room, NEW YORK HOTEL ROOMS ARE SMALL. I have also recently stayed at the Time hotel, and the room sizes at the Empire are comparable if not a bit bigger. We booked two adjacent Superior Doubles, and got 2 rooms overlooking the street on the third (actually the 5th, the way they count floors) floor. Each room had two double beds with lovely linens. The beds were very, very comfortable. There was also a small desk, a flat screen TV, and a bench-type thing with two drawers, and a small closet with a safe and minibar. The room was small, but very clean, comfortable, and with some manners (excuse me's) the three of us in my room were fine. The bathroom is tiny. One person at a time. But I have found this typical of New York and wasn't bothered by it. I always bring earplugs as I am a suburbanite, and not used to a lot of noise beyond crickets and birds. There is some street noise, but nothing unlike anyplace else in New York. The service was good. There was always a doorman or two to get doors, offer help with luggage, or hail a cab. The concierge helped print boarding passes (although the rest of the desk staff wouldn't do it, said we had to speak to concierge). The staff made good breakfast recommendations, helped with directions, etc. They keep a bowl of apples on the reservations desk, which was nice. I think my girls ate more than their share. . . . The lobby is gorgeous, my girls wanted to stay there and lounge. There were other nice touches like cookies on the bed for turndown service, an extra soft blanket folded at the bottom of the bed so you didn't have to &quot;unmake&quot; it for a nap, lots of pillows, and all the amenities (shampoo/soap/sewing kit/body wash/lotion/robes/hair dryer) that you expect. You can't beat the location. You are a block or two from Central Park, Tavern on the Green is only a block or so north, Lincoln Center is directly across the street, Museum of Natural History is an easy walk north, the Theatre District is an easy walk south. Times Square, Rockefeller Center, Radio City, etc. are all easy walking distance. Tons of eating options. Metro is close, cabs are easy to get,.It was sub-zero temperatures during the first couples days of our stay, and our room was chilly (but not unbearable). I like it that way, and didn't ask for help with the thermostat. My mother in law does not like it so cold, and they came up and adjusted some interior valve on her heating unit so it heated more, and her room was toasty. There was nothing WRONG with the heaters, it was just VERY cold out, and they were able to adjust them.My picky picky picky husband and kids loved the hotel, and said they would come back (we tend to stay in JW Marriott hotels, W, Kimpton, etc.). This was all of their first trip to NYC, so I think prepping them and preparing them for smaller rooms and bathrooms helped their expectations. All of them want to go back, and stay here again. I would even pay more to do so, since I think these are rates I'll rarely see again!	
Jan 18 2009 	Smallest Bathroom Ever	We just stayed at the Empire this weekend. I deliberately did not book the cheapest room, because I wanted to avoid the small bathrooms others wrote about. We had a deluxe king room. The room was average, but the bathroom was a disaster. It was not possible to stand in front of the sink and bend over to wash your face. Furthermore, the sink was plugged up. We had a discounted weekend rate of $299. I wish I would have stayed at another hotel. You can get better rates at other hotels, and the rooms and bathrooms would be MUCH better.	
Jan 18 2009 	Great Location	After reading reviews on Tripadvisor my husband and I decided the Empire Hotel was in a great location and in our price range. We arrived early and our room was not ready for us. We have rarely been able to check in early anywhere. No worries though, Central park was just a block away. The lobby and lounge area do have a distinct style. We personally loved the funky, chic look. We stayed in a junior suite. It was a triangular shaped room with a sitting area and a bedroom area. The giant screened TV swiveled to face the couch or the very comfortable bed. The decor was modern with grass cloth walls and large windows. The bathroom was small but there where plenty of shelves available as storage. The hotel provided great toiletries and a hair dryer. A friend of ours stayed in a regular room and by American standards they are small. But by big city, European standards they are average sized. There is a Starbucks coffee shop, large drug store and a great restaurant next door. There is also a diner with good breakfast just a few blocks south. The hotel is in a safe neighborhood with a good vibe. The whole city was walkable for us healthy 40-somethings. We loved our stay at the Empire Hotel and will stay there again when in New York.	
Jan 14 2009 	The Empire Served its Purpose	We stayed at the Empire the weekend before Christmas. It was snowing the day we arrived. We pulled up to the hotel and no one came to the car to help with our bags etc. My husband had to actually walk up to the bellman to ask him if they could valet park the car. Not a great start in my opinion. Check in was easy. The lobby is trendy and somewhat cozy. We went to our room, a junior suite. We were quite pleased with the setup, it was perfect for me, my husband and our 3 year old. Our room had a king bed, pull out sofa, desk and a stand alone closet. The bathroom was very small. We have stayed in several NYC hotels and this bathroom was the smallest that we have encountered. There was a shower/bath with no curtain or door. It was a complete mess when we tried to take showers. Also we found there was very little hot water. This hotel was rated as 4 stars on Expedia. I really can not agree with this because service there is non-existent. The staff was nice enough but unable to anticipate needs. For example on the day we were leaving I called the front desk to say that we would be checking out and needed someone to bring up our car. At a true 4 star hotel someone would have been sent up to get our bags or at least we would have been asked if we needed assistance. The hotel’s location is great particularly if you are going to a show at Lincoln Center. Convenient to Central Park and Columbus Circle. There are lots of places to stay in NYC, at a similar price point, so I am not sure that I would stay here again due to the lack of service paired with the terrible bathroom.	
Jan 11 2009 	Fantastic Staff!	My friend and I went to stay at The Empire Hotel over the New Year holidays. We found the room comfortable, clean and tidy. The view from our room was amazing, and the hotel was five star!The staff were really friendly and helpful. They kept us entertained and gave us great advice for sightseeing and eating out! It was so nice to come in after a busy day touring New York, and relax in the lobby bar with the best cosmopolitans and bellinis you have ever tasted! The food and beverage manager was particularly attentive, and helped us out greatly with directions, places to go and places where not to go!!!The location of the hotel is great - only a few minutes walk from Central Park and a short subway ride from Times Square - close enough to all the hustle and bustle, but also far enough away to get some 'peace and quite'!!!	
Jan 9 2009 	Great location nice hotel	I have seen mixed reviews which had frightened me. The location was so good that we desided to book it. The location was simply perfect. Walking distance to everything from Central Park to museums, theatres etc. Metro station in 100 meters. We ve stayed in a superior room in the 5th floor. The room was spacious, clean and well managed. The bathroom was again spacious and clean. The staff was at worst typical and at best very helpfull and frienly. We have asked twice for someone to help us in the room once with fresh towels and once to help us operate the heating and both calls were answered by someone showing in to our room within 5 minutes. The only problem was that the outside rooms have a nice view which comes at a price... Street noice. It is hard to imagine that this is a resently renovated hotel. They should have done a better job with the windows. Hotels in busy streets should have double frames, not only double glazing (with poor insulation). Appart from that very good hotel. Did not regret booking there whatsoever. We had a very good time there.	
Jan 5 2009 	Satisfied with Empire	I booked the Empire via Priceline and spent two nights at the hotel. I was pleased with the excellent location and near proximity of two subway stops. Check-in was fast and I was in my room within minutes of my 12:30 PM arrival at the hotel. Based upon the photos I had seen on TripAdvisor, I had been anticipating an interesting view, but that was not to be. My window looked out on to a dark air shaft with a brick wall five feet away. Oh well. The room was small, but nicely appointed. The bed was quite comfortable and I slept well both nights. The bathroom was small, but the European shower was fun and brought back lots of memories of past trips across the Atlantic. Overall, the room was fine for a short visit and I would be willing to return to the Empire if I could be assured of a room with natural light.	
Jan 2 2009 	Good experience at the Empire	Booked thru priceline using the &quot;name your own price&quot; and got a standard queen room for 2 people for $200+taxes = $248 / night. I stayed 2 nights, checking in 30DEC08 and checking out 1JAN09, so it was over New Year's. Very nice hotel with helpful and friendly staff in a great location. Yeah, it was expensive, but that's really just the way it is in NYC, especially over a major event. The room was a bit small to be fair, but it was very nice and modern with a GREAT shower and all possible amenities to include nice robes and a flatscreen TV - they even threw in some really cool little cookies as a welcome gift. Location was great - right next to Lincoln Center, 1 block from Columbus Circle and Central Park and 2 blox from a tube stop. Bottom line: I would stay there again without a 2nd thought. If you have ? you can email me at [--]	
Dec 29 2008 	Lovely hotel would stay again	My family and I have just got back today from our first trip to New York. We were there for my brother's wedding on Xmas Eve and booked the Empire through our local travel agent. The hotel has just been refurbished and the decor is modern and lovely. The staff were all very helpful and friendly and were happy to answer any questions, make restaurant and theatre ticket reservations etc. The rooms were small but very well decorated. The only downside to the rooms were they were extremely hot and there was no way of cooling the room down. There were no views from our room but that wasn't a big deal. Also there is a lack of wardrobe space so be prepared for that. The bathroom is small but has everything you need, lovely hot shower, lovely toiletries etc. The mini bar is expensive but there is a deli round the corner which sells bottles of water for 1 dollar so we just bought from there. There is also a Starbucks next door to the hotel which we went to for breakfast each day and which has fantastic openings hours, 5.30am till midnight! The area the hotel is in is fantatic, lots of shops and restaurants within a short walk and walkable to Times Square, 5th Avenue, Central Park etc. If you want to take a cab, there are always some outside the hotel and it's not too expensive. I would recommend this hotel to anyone and would stay there again despite the couple of niggles that there was with the heat in the room etc. I'm sure they will get this sorted at some point. All in all, a lovely hotel and a great trip - can't wait to visit NYC again, I loved it!!!	
Dec 29 2008 	Good location very trendy lobby small rooms unless you pay extra!	I booked a 5 night stay here via Priceline.com - got it for £130 a night which seemed OK compared to their rack rates. On arrival (as others have said) the lobby was amazing - very trendy decor. Reception staff were friendly (although on other days when other staff were on I found them a little less helpful), however the first room was incredibly small (albeit nicely decorated) &amp; the air conditioning was very noisy. The view was into a brick wall.I asked for another room and was shown one of the same size with the same problems. I then opted to pay $50/night (+tax) for an upgrade to a 'superior double' - unfortunately still no view but much better room size (and the bathroom actually had a bath as opposed to just a shower!).The location is good - the Licoln Centre &amp; Central Park are very closeby, along with lots of nice restaurants. It's a short walk from Columbus Circle (which as well as the subway station has lots of shops and a nice organic food court) and there are good transport links nearby.Overall I'd say it was a good choice but not particularly great value for money (even by NYC standards!)	
Dec 28 2008 	Nice Modern Decor but a few corners were cut	I recently booked a room for my boyfriend and myself for Christmas. We were going to a knick game and I thought it would be fun to spend a night in the city. When we arrived in the hotel we noticed the lobby is gorgeous. It is very modern and trendy looking. The staff at check in was very nice and we proceeded to our room. At first glance I was shocked at how small the room was. For 300 a night I felt it could have been a bit bigger. The decor in the room was gorgeous. However, the view was non existent. We had a view of a brick wall so we just closed the curtains. We then noticed a strange sound coming from the bathroom. The toilet water was running but we were able to fix it by flushing and wiggling the handle a few times. The shower was cool. We enjoyed the bamboo floor mat and shower head. The lack of a door was a bit weird. I was worried about getting water all over the floor during my whole shower.The hotel did not give any complimentary water bottles and the mini water bottles in the fridge cost 6 a pop. We were so thirsty that we were forced to go down into the gym and drink the water there. The gym by the way had a better view than our 7th floor room.The room had no ventilation. When you shower the whole room gets foggy. In the morning we both woke up with sore throats and stuffy noses as well.Lastly the bathroom was so small. There was no counter space at all so I had to do make up and hair by the very large mirror by the bed.All and all it is a modern and trendy hotel. Comfy bed and nice decor but that’s it. You are paying for the look of it.	
Dec 28 2008 	X-Mas NYC	As everybody says, NYC hotel rooms are quite small, but just okay for your purpose of visit, at the end of the day you just need the room for resting, the bed has nice goose feather covers and pillows, room nice and warm but a little bit noisy. Bathroom is very small, but it has a nice hot and powerful shower and well known brand amenities. The hotel lent us bathrobes and an umbrella. They have turn down service, leaving us nice NY cookies next to bed every night. Also it is awsome the technology in the room... Do not miss The bar on the Roof (just have a look!)	
Dec 24 2008 	Not worth the Price	I stayed in the Empire Hotel for only one night and it was one of the worst hotels I've been in. As soon as I walked in the door I was greeted with a blast of superheated air. The heater controls were inoperative, so we had to shut the unit down and open up the window to let in the 20 degree air. All night it was either full blast heat or cold air from outside. In the morning when I went to take a shower, I was surprised to find that the overhead shower head did not work. I was forced to use the hand held wand, which continuously kept falling off it's broken mounting bracket. Once I got the shower wand to work, the only water available was cold. So, I ended up taking a cold shower at an upscale $300/night hotel, in the middle of winter...Couldn't wait to get the hell out of there!!I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS HOTEL TO ANYONE!!!	
Dec 21 2008 	Loved The Empire!!!!!	Ended up at the Empire booking through Priceline. We managed to get a super bargain, and we are SO HAPPY we ended up at this hotel!The rooms are small, and the view non-existent, but the staff, the cleanliness, the bars and location are all Top-Notch!!!! The front desk staff was accommodating and friendly, they even let us check in early. Even the doormen were pleasant and welcoming! Andrea at the downstairs bar was wonderful and friendly, it went along with the cool decor and great music that was playing. We then headed up to the rooftop bar, which was SO worth it!!! Our friends that live in Manhattan met up with us there and they were even commenting on how great this hotel was!We would recommend this hotel any day and we look forward to booking there again!!	
Dec 18 2008 	Good value on the upper west side	Great location across from Lincoln Center and near Columbus Circle. Good access to subways, taxis, and buses all over town. Rooms have been redone in a pseudo boutique style, with very comfortable beds and bedding. Nice, unofficious service. Staff is good for New York.	
Dec 16 2008 	Filthy Empire	Well, we left 3 days early .The room was dirty, the hotel has supposedly been recently renovated it doesn't look like it, the carpets were filthy and lifting, the wallpapers peeling.We changed rooms, they were both bad, had to buy towels because in the 1st room they had black hairs on them, in the 2nd room they were stained.The bathrooms were filthy.The shower door has been removed because the designer didn't like it apparently, so you only get half a shower.In our 1st room we had a view of a wall and the noisy generators just below the window, the heating clicked wildly at random intervals during the night.The wardrobes were a small hole in the wall with a curtain over it.The mini bar was daylight robbery $6 for a half sized bottle of water.The reception staff were less than helpful and looked even less happy to be there than we were.	
Dec 15 2008 	Probably come back here	Stayed at the Empire just before Christmas, and found it to be one of the best hotels I have stayed in NYC.The only downside was the rooms small size and lack of view, although this is countered by the quality of the rooms furnishings and facilities.We booked it because it was alot cheaper than similar quality hotels close to Times Square and mid-town areas, and thought the location might cause a problem. But it is 2 minutes from the subway, 5 minutes from Columbus Circle, and a $7 cab ride to 42nd Street. The area itself is full of shops, banks and resaturants of a high standard also.Staff were very helpful and swift, particularly the front desk. Also, the bar had a real quality feel to it, good place to meet up.In all, has everything you would expect of a Hilton/Sheraton etc in mid town, but for two thirds the cost - well worth it.	
Dec 15 2008 	Wonderful Service	I just returned from 3 nights at the Empire. I booked through priceline and despite that the hotel was more than willing to upgrade my room at a reasonable price. Other hotels I have stayed at through priceline have been unwilling to upgrade me. When I arrived in on a redeye Thursday morning they immediately had a room for me. The front desk staff and the bellmen were so welcoming and helpful. When I got to my room, I realized the junior suite wasn't big enough and the bellman called downstairs. He got me the bigger suite for no additional price and moved me without hesitating. It was pouring rain and I wanted a bottle of champagne for the room for later in the day when my mother and sister arrived from Maine. I asked the doorman for directions and he offered to go get it for me! The service and friendliness made me think I was back in Austin and rivaled the Four Seasons for quality of the service. The room was beautiful, the view overlooking Lincoln Center was great. The only complaint I have is that it was hard to regulate the heat in the room -minor given how great everything else was. Breakfast was served in the Center Cut restaurant which is just lovely and has a bar that is worth stopping in just to see it- it's spectacular. The lobby is lovely and I like the intimate nature of a smaller hotel and this hotel fit the bill perfectly. The location close to Central Park and Columbus Circle is also terrific. Great Stay!!	
Dec 11 2008 	A great gem in NYC	I travel to NYC for quick business trips about every other month. I try to enjoy the trip because NYC is such an amazing city. I usually book on priceline so I've stayed in at least 10 different 4 star hotels in the last two years. The EMPIRE HOTEL is fantastic. Location: Great upper west side but still pretty close to mid town. Close to subways and central park. Also a block away from columbus circle where there are great restaurantsCHECK IN/OUT: I saw prior reviews saying that front desk was not welcoming. They were not the friendliest staff I've encountered but it is New York and they were not rude. Just a little cold but I don't care. The check in was efficient and fine.THE LOBBY is gorgeous. So modern and chic. The lobby and lobby bar would be a great place to meet up with friends.THE ROOM: also gorgeous. New, Modern, comfy. Yes a little small but again, it is New York. I've stayed in much smaller. Had a great shower with rain shower head and cool bamboo floor mat. L-'Occitane yummy toiletries make up for the small size of the bathroom. Bead was heavenly and Frette robes were nice touch. Little mini bar was in room as well as flat screen tv.NICE BONUS: Free wi-fi. My last trip I stayed at Hilton and it was $19 a day!!!Would stay here again in a heartbeat. Clean, Quiet, Good location, Nice and modern. Very Chic.	
Dec 8 2008 	irish laidies	we are 17 women booked into the empire Dec 1st check in staff not very pleasant did not make us feel very wecome while the hotel is very centerl number 10 bus outside brings you to MacysBedrooms are very small we booked superior double rooms for 3 but they would only do 2 people keep away from the mini bar prices are robbery we asked for it to be removed and was told it would cost us 50 dollers the same when we asked for a chair to be removed to make more room check your phone bill was over charging everyone. The roof top bar has a lovely veiw but the female staff are dressed like lap dancers 13 dollers for a vodka and 8 for a glass of beer from a can. Check out the bathroom toiletries they are fantastic it is an over priced hotel that would want to send their staff on a training course on how to greet their guests will not be going back	
Dec 2 2008 	Enjoyed our stay here	We stayed here for 6 nights and while the hotel is not perfect we really enjoyed our stay here.The rooms are small, as they say you can shower, brush your teeth &amp; go to the toilet without moving as the bathrooms really are that small!However, they are well kitted out and comfortable. The beds are good. The rooms are noisy as the glazing is not great but we were so tired at night that we slept anyway. It least we had a view, in the Royalton we looked at a wall.The bar area is nice, I liked the gallery area which was great for people watching. Location is great for Central Park &amp; Lincoln Centre.	
Nov 27 2008 	Nice and trendy with superb location	Stayed at The Empire with a group of pepole. Cool and trendy design. Nice location close to Columbus Circle. What a way to start your day with a run or walk in Central Park! Fantastic! I can recommend it! Rooms are nice and very good beds. Some noice from traffic, but what can you expect!?I'll go back with a new group in April 09!	
Oct 28 2008 	brilliant!	we've just returned from a four night stay at the empire. Yes, it's pricey and a bit out of our budget, but we're glad we pushed the boat out. Rooms are nice, bed is amazingly comfy. Roof top bar has amazing views. The only down side, which is quite a big one, is the price. Drinks, food, accomodation all pretty pricey, but was good for first timers in new york like ourselves. Near to central park, and good location for exploring. We loved it!	
Oct 24 2008 	awesome	A brilliant hotel.I cant recommend this hotel highly enough.My one tiny fault was the size of the standard rooms.Quite small,but we found it adequate for our needs.The Empire is a perfect postion for central park,5th Ave,easy metro access.And dont miss out on the rooftop bar.Great views at night.Next time i visit New York,i will stay there again.	
Oct 22 2008 	Terrible Hotel Especially for the price. Do Not Stay Here!!!	I stayed at this hotel for business with two co-workers. At check-in, I was told my reserved room type was not available, so I was downgraded to a room on the first floor facing Broadway. Needless to say, it was a bit noisy.The next morning, I was forced to take a cold shower, even after letting the shower go for 15 minutes. This is a 400 room hotel, this should not be an issue.I also forgot to bring a razor, so I called housekeeping and they said they would bring one up. 30 minutes later, I left to check out without ever having someone bring it up.The final straw, and ultimately why I am writing this review was the staff at checkout. Below is the complete conversation with the front desk person:Front Desk: Hello, how can I help you?Me: I'd like to check out.FD: OK, room number?Me: Room 1XXFD: Thank you. So, where are you visiting from?Me: Boston.FD: Oh, that sucks.Me: Why, the baseball game? The Red Sox came back and won.FD: (Laughs) No, I'm not talking about the baseball game. I'm talking about the city. I feel like Boston would be a nice place if the people weren't so rude there.Me: Really? Can I have my bill please?Now, I'm not the biggest Boston fan in the world (I have only lived in Boston for a couple of years), but I find it pretty offensive that a front desk person's idea of small talk is to berate the city I live in and basically imply that I am rude. At $500+ a night, this should not happen.	
Oct 18 2008 	Newly updated trendy hotel in great location	We stayed at the recently reopened Empire Hotel. The rooms are modern and refreshing and the complimentary wifi and fitness room are a must for any business traveler. As with many NYC properties, the rooms are small. The bathroom while nicely designed was extra small. But all designs for both bathroom and main room made good use of space. From the wall long desk shelf, to the wonderfully soft and luxurious bed. We enjoyed our stay and would recommend to anyone. Great location near Central park, subways, great restaurants including Magnolia Bakery. Yum :-) The roof top bar is the icing on the cake. one of the few in NYC, attracts a trendy and hip crowd.	
Oct 7 2008 	Great hotel	Was booked as a guest on a television show and they put me up at the Empire Hotel. I needed a comfortable, quiet place to prepare and change after my train ride, and the Empire had everything I needed. Upon check-in, the staff asked if I needed wireless service, and gave me a passcode that worked fine my entire stay. The room was small, on the 8th floor, with a view of the Lincoln center under construction. Typical small NYC room, but nice amenities. The staff called each time the driver arrived at the hotel to pick me up to shuttle me to the show, other meetings, and Penn Station, which was nice. The bar on the roof was awesome but it closed way too early - they should consider keeping it open til 2 or 3. I stay in NYC once a month or so, and usually stay at starwood hotels (W, Regis, etc) but I'll consider Empire next time because of the location, amenities, staff and rooftop bar.	
Oct 6 2008 	Mediocre at best.	First of all I would never have considered this hotel if it wasn't for a decent rate which we got through Travelzoo. Incredibly small room and bathroom which is the standard I suppose for a &quot;boutique&quot; style hotel in NYC. Somewhat noisy - our room was next to the elevator and the loud &quot;ding&quot; from the elevator bell was set to an unnecessarily loud pitch. The hotel staff is indifferent, neither friendly nor rude. Otherwise it's a good location and for a one night stay it's fine. I would never pay more than the high $200s range to stay here, not worth more than that.	
Sep 30 2008 	Overrated and rude staff	For the amount of money they charge per night, you would think that you would be staying a 5 star hotel. However, the staff at the hotel is horrendous. We were having trouble getting our wireless internet to work, and asked at the front desk if there was anything they could do. The lady responded they would send someone up to help. Nobody ever showed. When we later asked again, the front desk person (a different one) told us there was nothing they could do about it, that it was free to begin with, and we should just look for an internet cafe. The 2nd night we were there we heard people yelling and screaming in the hallways, and also outside the hotel. They have a nightclub on top of the rough, so you get drunk people yelling at all hours of the night. When we called down to complain, they hung up on us. We called again and asked to speak to a manger, and we were told absolutely not. The windows in the rooms are painfully thin, so you hear everything from the streets- the cars, taxis, buses, people. Its really a shame they do not put more effort into training their staff, because the location of the hotel is nice. But for the amount of money it costs, and the terrible staff, I would never recommend this hotel to anybody.	
Sep 29 2008 	Good Location Nice Bedding Friendly Staff Stupid Bathroom	Stayed for three nights in room with two double beds facing Broadway. RoomRoom was clean and good sized for New York. No view to speak of, even on the 9th floor. Flat screen TV. Nice bedding, comfy robes and towels. The bathroom is yet another ridiculous concept bathroom. The sink will overflow unless you take the stopper out. The shower door only goes halfway across shower opening and even the OCD among us will end up with water on the floor. Never did figure out wand portion of shower. Bathroom is laid out poorly so that you are pretty much guaranteed a bruised elbow or knee, or my fave, the elbow/knee bruise combo. LocationSteps from Lincoln Center. You can easily go to upper west side or midtown from this location. If you like to walk, this is a nice central spot in the city. Easy to get a cab here, too. Well outside bustle of Times Square. Much louder than Upper West Side, which made sleeping a challenge. Damn you, street sweeper man. Starbucks and drugstore just around the corner. StaffEveryone - bellhop, front desk, room service, housekeeping - was friendly. I had doubts when I saw the trendy lobby but was happily surprised to find everyone so kind and helpful. Roof barKind of a bust the night we were there - totally dead and we got kicked out at 1am. But a nice layout and a cool spot. ValueNot much value to be found in NYC in the fall. But the Empire, about $400/nite on Orbitz, was well priced considering there weren't many options in this &quot;budget&quot; price range at the time we visited.	
Sep 24 2008	Filth and Cockroaches and urine soaked carpets	This hotel is masquerading as a 5-star hotel, but it is a sham. Do not stay at this hotel unless you want to pay high prices ($600 per night and up) for filth, cockroaches in the room, guests urinating in hallways, and terrible, rude customer service. I stayed in a suite. The bathroom shower has no door or shower curtain, which they claim is &quot;European&quot;, with plywood placed on the floor of the shower. It is removable, but the housekeepers don't lift it up to clean, so the shower floor was covered in filth. There was a huge cockroach crawling around the bathroom and suite, probably due to the filthy conditions and the fact that there were huge, unfinished holes left behind the toilet and underneath the sink. When I asked to speak to the manager of the hotel, they refused, and said there was nothing they could do. I asked for use of a computer to seek other rooms, but a young man came up to the front desk and removed the computer, and said, &quot;Conversation over&quot;. He claimed to be the manager, but I later learned he was one of the owners. He yelled at me, and told me to &quot;sue him&quot;--that every hotel in New York has cockroaches and rats because it is &quot;New York&quot;, and that cockroaches have no relationship to cleanliness. He yelled at me in the lobby as I cried rather than helping to make up for my upset. He also asked me to catch the cockroach myself to prove to him that it was in the room. I later left it with another manager wrapped in newspaper for him after my husband killed it. I wish I could show you the pictures of the filth and the cockroach, but take my word for it--this hotel is not clean, and they are unprofessional. The staff stood at the front desk and laughed at me and gossipped while I waited in the lobby for my husband so that we could leave. They even tried to get the security guards to remove me from the lobby, but the guards refused, as I wasn't doing anything wrong, and had paid for the room--I just didn't want to stay in the room with the cockroach. The &quot;owner&quot; said I could call other hotels for $1.50 per minute. While I waited, a young woman came to the front desk and stated that she had complained for three days about a guest who was urinating in the hallway and on her door, and the stench was unbearable. They told her there was nothing they could do because he &quot;lived there&quot;, and they could not move her to another room. BTW, I stayed at the Trump International Tower across the street, which was beautiful and clean, and was less expensive than the Empire! They have corporate rates as low as $395.	
Sep 16 2008 	Good One-night Stay	My girlfriend and I booked the place for a one-night getaway and it was a good experience. Started off with valet that was nice and convenient although at $60 per night I probably should've looked up a garage around the area. Service at the desk was nice and quick. The room was the usual size for a Manhattan hotel being small yet all the furniture fits well and is optimized for space. Everything was clean and ready for us. There was a lot of stuff available for purchase in the room and at the hotel (snacks, drinks, &quot;mile-high kit&quot;, lotions, opera binoculars, spa treatments, etc) but of course they were way over priced. A pack of regular size Peanut M&amp;Ms for $5 and $8 beers! The main downside is that the pool is very deceiving on their website. It looks great and decent size online but they cut off the other side and it's ridiculously small. Check out my uploaded pics to see what I'm talking about. The location was in a great area. Didn't watch a show at Lincoln Center but it's across the street and there are plenty of restaurants in the area. At night the rooms were quiet and no disturbances. Overall it was a good stay and like all Manhattan hotels definitely book in advanced and never pay regular price.	
Sep 7 2008 	Style over substance	The Empire is a very stylish hotel, unfortunately for us it was a case of style over substance. We'd booked our room months in advance yet when we arrived at 5pm we were told a room wasn't available for another hour. We left our cases and walked to Central Park returning at 6.15pm . We were given a room on the first floor at the front of the hotel and told our luggage would be sent up. At 7pm I had to phone reception to ask where the luggage was, it eventually arrived at the room at 7.30pm.I tried to take a shower in the stylish bathroom but the handle came away in my hand. My husband later discovered that pipes from the stylish sink were leaking into the vanity unit - we had to put the waste bin underneath. Next morning we complained at reception and were told we'd be moved to &quot;a more comfortable room&quot;. We repacked all our things and went out for the day fully expecting to be given a room equal to or better than the first one. Imagine our disappointment when we returned and found we'd been moved to a much smaller room at the back of the hotel with (what we thought) very noisy air conditioning. Only when we switched off the aircon late at night did we find the noise was coming from a generator outside the window - a noise that went on all night. I couldn't face repacking and moving again as we (thankfully) only had two more nights at the hotel. We never did manage to get hot water from either the tap or the shower. The Empire is in a great location and could be a very special hotel if only they concentrated more on customer service and less on silly gestures such as apples by the bed.We have stayed in hotels all over the world, I'm afraid this was one of the worst.	
Sep 7 2008 	Good stay at Empire	Did a quick 4 night stay here at the Empire Hotel in Manhattan. Booked this package along with round trip flight through expedia and seemed like a pretty good deal. Price, reviews, and ratings seemed about average so wasn't expecting too much. Traveled with 3 others and we decided to book only one room for the four of us with the thought that we would be planning on spending very little time in the hotel anyways.First impressions of the hotel is that it was very nice. Extremely posh looking and it was worthy of a rating higher then what we saw before coming. Rooms were quite small though for 4 but obviously that's not what our room was intended for. Would have roomed 2 very easily. Rooms were very nice too, bathrooms were awesome. Service was good and helpful.Good location as well, however the only thing that I would say goes against this hotel is that the closest subway station is Lincoln Station which only has one line that stops there. If I were to go back I would attempt to book something in the same vicinity but closer to a station that has more trains that stop there like Columbus Circle to avoid having to transfer. If you intend on walking and taking taxis everywhere however this hotel is perfect.	
Sep 3 2008	Unfriendly and Unhelpfull Staff	Great location, we were there for 4 days. Unfortunately this hotel would have been an excellent choice but for the very unhelpful unfriendly staff.They were cold and unwelcoming. The front desk didn't want to know once you had booked in, you felt like you were a nuciense.New York was a wonderrful place and everywhere else we went we met helpful and friendly people, it was great until we wnt back to the hotel.Would not stay there again.	
Aug 29 2008 	fantastic	fantastic hotelvery friendly staffwill come back	
Aug 29 2008 	Superb!!! Loved it	My boyfriend and I have just returned from our 6day stay. The hotel is superb and the staff were friendly. After initially being allocated a room on the 2nd floor we asked if we could be changed to a room with a view and they didn't hesitate. It was on a smoking floor and the corridoor was a bit smelly but the room itself was lovely, great shower and the most comfortable bed, it was huge! Great location. The only two downfalls were the drinks were very expensive $30 for two vodka's and lemonades and the pool area was shut twice because of private functions, the US open party and some other media event, and being that you pay for the facilities I didn't think that was right. Yeah the aircon is a bit noisey but you're in NY its not quiet so that really didn't bother us at all. We would definitely stay there again, it definitely appears to be an up and coming hotel. You shouldn't have any worries about staying here	
Aug 26 2008 	Just perfect	We stayed at the Empire 19 - 23 August, 2008 and I loved everything about this property. It offers a fantastic location, huge rooms (very unusual for NY), polite and helpful staff, a cool bar, a great rooftop terrace, modern decor and it's extremely clean. From the hotel, it's a five minute walk to Central Park and a ten minute walk to Tiffany, Apple etc. Yet it's far enough away that you don't feel like you're doing battle with the crowds; it's on a little street that connects two busy roads. We had breakfast on the rooftop terrace one morning but if you don't fancy paying the hotel prices, there's a Starbucks right next door. There are yellow cabs outside all day (and night) long but the location is so good, we walked everywhere. We made use of the laundry, pressing, bar and room service facilities and they were all impeccable.I read the less complimentary reviews of this hotel on this site and ok, the AC is noisy - but if you don't like noise, don't go to New York. And yes, the breakfast and the drinks weren't cheap, but again, if you're on a budget, don't go to New York. Personally, I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Aug 25 2008 	loved the location!	we had a great stay at the empire hotel, very confortable even if the room was a little small. Great location near the Lincoln Center and very near to the metro station!The only problem:we were not able to have a HOT shower in 4 days (..tecnical problem!!!)..	
Aug 23 2008 	Great location but air conditioning too noisy	This hotel is the best place for tourists who seek good location, a little luxury and even some night life, in my opinion. It's by Central Park and 2 subway stations away from Times Square. In general, it has a good service and premises. However, air condintioning machines into our room was incredibly noisy. You'd better keep window open and switch off air conditioning at night.	
Aug 21 2008 	Great find!	Me and my husband stayed at the Empire on the first leg of our honeymoon at the start of the month. We had a great stay: loved the modern decor and found the hotel very clean and friendly.We received an upgrade on our room with excellent results! Our room had the most fabulous bed...it was huge and so comfy. Room was plenty big enough for the two of us, though being in NYC we did not spend a great deal of time in it. Bathroom was not too big but beautifully designed and very clean. Roof top bar and pool were a real treat especially in the middle of the hot summer. It was great to come back after a long day pounding the pavements to have a cooling dip (though the pool is small) followed by a cheeky cocktail! Bar staff were very friendly and helpful. Door staff were very helpful too.My only very slight criticism would be the reception staff, they were helpful and polite when asked but not terribly friendly.Great location near the Lincon Centre and for central park. I can not recommend enough the Whole Foods supermarket in the Warner centre just by the top of central park- great place to pick up delicious and well prices food for a delightful picnic in the park! The Mexican restaurant round the corner (though the name escapes me) is a must! Amazing margaritas and food!I would certainly stay here again!	
Aug 18 2008	Great location trendy hotel	Excellent location right near Lincoln Centre and a short walk to Central Park and Broadway. Seemed like a tiny room (and nothing nice in the view) for the price but guess that's common in New York! Hotel interior is very stylish and looks like a nice party location. Didn't get to checking out the rooftop pool area but it looks nice in photos. Overall a good spot.	
Aug 10 2008 	Nice but small and smelly	It's a really nice hotel. Clean and nicely decorated. Every day you can take a fresh apple from the desk downstairs :D!The room was rather small, but was big enough for both of us. The bathroom had a great rain shower (no door! if you press the wrong button, everything gets wet .. hiiii), it was very small and had very little storage place.Housekeeping drops in twice a day, to make sure everything is fine.Free wireless internet.We were on the 8th floor (room 839) and the whole floor smelled like cigarettes. Terrible smell in the room too. All our clothes and everything in our luggage smelled like cigarettes when we got home .. ieuw!Don't expect too much of the pool, it's really tiny. But the view from the top of the hotel is really nice.The bellboys are very friendly and helpfull.Location is great. It's right across 'Lincoln Center' and across the big bookshop 'Barnes and Noble', the subway is just across the street (3 stops from Times Square).You can eat cheap but well at the &quot;Flame diner&quot; and the &quot;European&quot; is right across, where you can eat a nice salad or pasta.If you want great mexican food, go just around the corner to &quot;Rosa Mexicano&quot; and enjoy the guacemole!	
Aug 8 2008 	Empire - A great hotel but!!!	Stayed at Empire Hotel as part of my honeymoon. The hotel location, the decor, the size of the room, the cleanliness, the rooftop bar was all first class. But, when we arrived at reception to check in a family in front of us were complaining and were upgraded to a junior suite. We had booked a junior suite and we were told that there were none available and there were no rooms of superior quality available. The hotel offered us a king room and a free breakfast. We are possibly the first honeymooners in history to be downgraded!!To be fair to the hotel they moved our cases to the suite the following day whilst we were out discovering NYC. The suite was very large for NYC and overlooked Broadway and the price was excellent. I booked the hotel with trepidation after reading some very poor reports on TA, in my opinion the reception lets the hotel down but it wouldn't stop me staying there again.	
Aug 6 2008 	Loved it!! Fabulous hotel!	my friend and i stayed at this hotel 26th Jul-1st Aug. We arrived a little early and were advised that our rooms weren't quite ready , so we went for a walk while they looked after our bags. when we came back, i was asked for a credit card to check in. this shocked us, as we hadnt been advised that we would need to do this by our travel agent - so beware!.we had booked the trip as it was my friends 30th birthday and she wanted to do something different to the norm, she mentioned this to the receptionist when he asked why we had come, he then gave us our room cards and told us he had upgraded us to a deluxe room!! (we'd booked a standard room)This got our holiday off to a fabulous start. we raced to our room, and the bellboy brought our bags up (those guys couldnt be more helpful the entire stay) the room was amazing, i was expecting it to be small, but it wasnt that small considering there were 2 double beds in it. wicked flat screen tv, an ipod clock radio. it took us a while to work out the strange shower, and you had to let it run for about 5 mins before it was hot, but it was cool, there was plenty of room for our clothes (didnt bring much as we were there to shop) Bizarre - why no kettle in the room?the only other thing was that the lighting is not very bright at all.we were disappointed to find out that we werent getting breakfast - however we discovered a deli round the corner that we had fresh fruit and yoghurt from every day, so we would leave the hotel each morning, go to the deli to pick up our fruit salad and eat it on the train going to midtownon our 1st evening, we went for a walk around, felt like a real neighbourhood, not like a holiday area or city centre. when we came back, we were surprised to see a queue out of the hotel lobby almost into the street. we asked one of the bellboys what they people were queuing for and he told us they were waiting to get up to the rooftop bar. Apparently this bar is the THE place to be. We went up to have a look, and it is lovely, if very expensive.we didnt use the gym, but did go up to the pool a few times, which is tiny, however the loungers were fab, and it was very nice space to chill out in. to go out in the evening was very simple, the bellboys would get a cab for you, and it really wasnt very far (or expensive) to get anywhere. We paid $10 to get to the meat packing district - West 20th Street.overall, i thoroughly enjoyed this hotel (1st time staying in a hotel in New York - used to stay with my grandmother til she moved to Florida) and i would definitely stay there again	
Aug 6 2008 	Emipre - no problems	From the sound of things I think we were upgraded to a superior room at the front of the hotel . The room was great with quality material throughout.. The room was a decent size and passed the 'can i fully open my suitcase on the floor' test&quot;.Overall, the hotel experience was very positive. The downsideis the bathroom which is in my view is slightly smaller that a cruise ship.The location is excellent and it was nice to grab some picnic stuff at the times centre (at columbus circle - down the elevators )and lunch in central park.. I can highly recommend the flame diner for breakfast on west 58th Street (left out of the hotel and about 6-7 minutes walk - don't forget to cross columbus ave)	
Aug 1 2008 	Cool Hotel	I was celebrating my Bachelorette party at this hotel. We stayed for 2 nights in double queen suit. The view weren’t very impressive, but we didn’t care. We also stayed at the highest floor, which is 11th. If you prefer to hear elevator bells every morning – that floor is for you. They have breakfast buffet on 11th floor, so everybody goes there pretty early. We couldn’t check in at the time we wanted, but we arrived a bit too early – 12:30 p.m., so we went for a walk (Columbus Circle is 2 blocks away, Central Park is 2 blocks away) and got our room at 3 p.m. My package included champagne upon arrival. They forgot about it and in-room dining wanted to deliver it from the restaurant and charge me for that. Eventually I received it at no extra charge…. Neither of us could figure out how their showers work, they also don’t have normal shower door, so all water runs to the floor. I had to fix the sink, because water didn’t run through… Hotel’s keys are constantly getting uncharged or I don’t know what was going on with them. You have to make sure to take at least 6 keys when you check-in. By the time I was checking out – I had about 15. Hotel’s beds are very comfortable. They also give you plenty of towels. The staff was very friendly and helpful. I could tell that they’re dealing with all kind of issues every day, but trying to do their best. The gym is small, but cute. Hotel also has a Starbucks on the first floor that was very convenient. We spent most of the time outside. They have pool on the roof (more Jacuzzi size, than a pool). When I asked them why does it look so much smaller than on the web site – the answer was: “Right picture angle…”. They also don’t have alcohol license for the tanning deck. I guess people bring their own and hiding in cabanas… Nightlife…. The location is just perfect. Close to everything and I even didn’t know what a nice rooftop lounge and bar they have. I also didn’t know that it’s very popular and could be so crowded. I recommend going there. In general: Stylish, cool place with perfect location, nice staff. Some of the designs are cool (look cool), but not useful in a normal life. I would stay there again.	
Jul 21 2008 	Very cool	We had a great stay. The hotel has been completely redone and is modern, hip and trendy. Most importantly however it is comfortable, clean and in an ideal location. I read a few reviews about the staff and they are fairly accurate – not the best. However, the hotel as a whole is worthwhile.Tourist: If you’re in town as a tourist, you’re three blocks from Central Park and across the street from the Lincoln Center. You are a short walk north of great shopping beginning at 57th &amp; Broadway or Madison. I did not get to see the famous pool up top, but the bar down stairs was great and made a stiff drink…. So the staff can’t be that bad.Business: If you’re there for work – plead at the desk for assistance when you check-in. We found access, although supposedly provided, non-existent. Since we were there over the weekend we elected to use it as an excuse not to work. Go and play – you’re in a great location.	
Jul 19 2008 	GREAT	Wonderful to be back in the big apple! We have been there several times but this was our favorite hotel. Got a great deal on expedia and got upgraded to a suite upon arrival. Recently renovated, plasma screen tvs, plush furniture, waterfall shower, beautiful spacious room. Staff was very helpful, the bell boys directed us to the Flame diner just down the block for tremendously good breakfast (ask them where the flame is for amazing multigrain waffles, homemade bran muffins, loads of fresh berries, and very reasonable prices, three of us ate for 18 dollars!!). Empire hosts a rooftop restaurant, a even higher outdoor bar, and a rooftop lap pool. Perfect roof for relaxing, watching the river, and looking at the Lincoln center right across the street. Two blocks from central park, it is the perfect location. Give this place a chance, you will not be sorry!!!!!	
Jul 18 2008 	The most amazing time of my life to date!!!!!!!!!!!!!	I stayed at The Empire Hotel in june 2008. We arrived at miday and from the moment myself and my partner walked into the lobby we were amazed at the standard of the hotel. It was clean on first inspection and were dumbfounded at the quality of the decor and the modern feel to the place. As a brit i am used to slumming it in a spanish tower block!! The moment we got into the room we were pleasantly suprised at how beautiful the room was and that the quality was put throughout the hotel.Even though the hotel may be expensive to stay in and the bar in the lobby may break your bank if your not careful it is definantly worth every single penny. The location was very good for us as it was only a very short walk from central park and 10 to 15 walk to times square. As we travelled at the end of june we were shocked at the humidity and how warm the weather was hitting 30 degrees and sweat dripping of your head.The staff at the hotel were overall very friendly apart from one very ignorant receptionist!!! beware when you enter the hotel that you need a credit card to check in or they will ask for a $600 deposit.The bathroom was very nicely designed even though it took 5 mins for the water to heat up. with lots of space for the ladies to spruce themself up. The roof top terrae was out of this world with an amasing view up the island towards harlem. Even though the roof top was huge the pool wasn't that big but lucky for us as the kids were never up there.Overall i would love to go back there and stay a couple of times a year with my partner as we both enjoyed it so much and had access to the whole island from the hotel.Also you should all go to New York for Independance Day as there are sales all over the island and you can pick up some amazing deals and Macy's Fireworks are completly out of this world and iv'e seen the fireworks in Londonon New Years Eve it amazing please stay here ...YOU WONT REGRET IT!!!!!!!!!	
Jul 18 2008 	Great for a family with teenagers	My family and I booked two rooms for 4 nights at the Empire largely because of the location, standard of accommodation and access to the roof-top pool (expecting NYC to be hot and sticky in July). We were not disappointed. Both rooms were excellent, and we really enjoyed our stay. the hotel is really close to the subway/underground and Central ParkThere were a few negatives: the pool is very small and not easy to access; the bar prices are very high; no coffee-making facilities in the room.We experienced no problems with air conditioning or noise.Also, the staff were very helpful and attentive. When I grumbled (a wee bit) about the cost of the buffet breakfast they recommended the Flame diner (3 minutes walk) which was great and set us up for busy sight-seeing days.	
Jul 11 2008 	Great find in a great location	Just returned home from three nights in New York City and stayed at the Empire Hotel for the first time. It certainly will not be the last. I'm always looking for well appointed and well located hotels that are somewhat affordable and not too large. Located directly across the steps from the plaza at Lincoln Center the hotel is perfect for the performing arts lover. Three blocks for several subways and 1 block for Central Park. The hotel was renovated just a year ago and the rooms, though not large are very well appointed with asian themed bathrooms and those little amenities that make a real difference: Safe in room, good bath products, nice towels, etc. Superior room with King still has a small bath, Standard room is quite small, but Junior Suite is great for two people.  But probably the best feature is the roof garden. Twelve floors above Manhattan is an oasis to have a lovely breakfast, a fun cocktail in the evening, or just relax away from the hustle and bustle of the city. There are even small individual &quot;cabanas&quot; which are really just partitioned lounge chairs complete with bar service and flat screen tvs. Enjoy!	
Jul 7 2008 	Wonderful location and staff!	We stayed at the Empire end of June through July 5. The location and staff were wonderful! We had a deluxe queen room and had two adults and two teens in the room. It was a little crowded but the beds were very comfortable. We were located in one of the inside rooms on the 9th floor. We had no view, but we had no noise at all to speak of. Air conditioning was perfect as well.We went to the pool every night and my kids really liked it. They call it a 'splash pool' It is about a quarter width of a regular pool and about 2/3 the length. Not good for swimming laps but perfectly adequate for the kids.The only complaints I had were minor--very funky shower that only seemed to work as a hand held. It sprayed across the tub to the towel shelf when it was in it's overhead position. And the Empire is the first hotel I've ever stayed in that didn't offer coffee service. I would absolutely go there again!	
Jun 30 2008 	Nice Location	I stayed here when attending a tradeshow at another venue. I had never stayed in this area of the city but, I liked that is was more of a neighborhood, rather than midtown. Rooms are small, however they are decorated very nicely. I couldn't figure out the shower right away, was somewhat confusing as to how to turn the &quot;waterfall&quot; on. Wireless internet only worked while in the lobby so, I had to go down there to use my computer and work. There was no restaurant so, I walked down the street for pizza one night.	
Jun 28 2008 	Miserable experience	I am a regular visitor of New York City, having stayed over 200 nights in just the past ten years. As prices rise, I've tried to find bargains, even though I travel on an expense account. The excellent reviews of the Empire on TripAdvisor and their fairly reasonable rates (about $350 a night) led me to stay there even though I'd not even heard of the hotel before.The biggest problem with the hotel is that it is right next to Lincoln Center which is currently undergoing a major renovation project. The most desirable rooms, those overlooking the Center, are most susceptible to the noise, which during my stay was horrendously loud. I asked to be moved to another room, but was informed that the hotel was fully booked and &quot;besides, all the guests on that side of the hotel are dealing with the same problem.&quot; When I asked Ben, the desk clerk, when the construction started each morning he stated, &quot;around 9:30.&quot; In fact it began at 7:30 and woke me from a sound sleep every morning. The website says nothing about the construction problems and the staff tries to hide the truth from the guests. The noise was so ear-piercing that I could not work in the room during the daytime hours. A nap would have been inconceivable!Other problems included an air conditioning system that was just barely able to keep up with the heat of the day -- and the high temperatures were only in the low 80's. I can't imagine what the rooms would be like on 90 degree days. Also, room service was terribly slow. On my last morning my breakfast was an hour late, and the hotel made no attempt to apologize or comp the breakfast. The hotel does not currently have a restaurant, though they plan to open one later this year.The hotel is attractively furnished and the location is great, especially for opera, ballet, and classical music buffs. The rooms, like most in NYC, are small but the beds are comfortable. The flat screen TV is nice but it puts out so much heat that it overwhelms the minimal air conditioning.Things might improve once the construction project is finished, but I won't be returning ever. The one bright spot -- one of the best bellmen I've ever encountered! Unfortunately I didn't get his name.	
Jun 28 2008 	Stylish hotel with nice staff	I booked this hotel because of its location on the Upper West side of Manhattan so I could be nearby the meeting I was attending. The selections on that side of town are few, but this hotel turned out to be fantastic, with two nearby subways stops to get everywhere. Hugely stylish (and very recently renovated) lobby and rooms, though the bathroom is a little too stylish, with a stupid form-over-function sink. Comfy beds, nice staff, fantastic toiletries, great bar and lounge. Yes, the rooms are on the small side, but this is NYC people! All rooms are smaller than you are used to. I had one problem with said stupid sink, and they fixed it by the time I had returned from dinner. Only complaints are the lack of coffee in the rooms, yes there is a Starbucks just downstairs, but coffee while I am getting ready is a must, and the scary old elevators.	
Jun 26 2008 	Great location great bedding but a 3 star rating.	Since our favorite suite hotel, The Rhiga Royale (sp) is now The London and commands a very hefty price, we decided to book our stay thru Hotwire. Upon finding out the 4 star hotel we drew in Central Park South was The Empire, we were very concerned because of all the negative comments on Trip Adviser.We called the hotel and upgraded to a King, as they admittedly stated the queen room was actually too small for two people (that's bizarre...then call it a single!) We agreed to the price of $30 extra a night over the phone, but when we checked in they told us it would be $50 extra a night. We even had the name of the staff who guaranteed the rate and had them check with the manager, but they said the staff member who told me that was just mistaken. (Whatever happen to the customer is always right!) We apparently had booked a superior king and they were giving us a deluxe king, blah, blah, blah. I have no idea what I booked, the 2 terms sound the same to me! I gave them every opportunity to get a better rating on Trip Adviser (without telling them so) but I really hate to be jerked around.Back to the room which we found most adequate...very, very comfortable bed and linens, decent size. I don't expect a huge room in NYC. I did find the porters to be extremely courteous and helpful. If you are checking for a suite I looked at one and they are quite nice. Beautiful lobby. The location can't be beat, although there is a ton of construction noise from the Lincoln Center.  Unfortunately the air conditioning was right on the edge of inadequate, but fortunately it wasn't a brutally hot week. I opened our window at night for extra coolness, but that meant the heavy equipment wakes you at 6 am!The rooftop bar is mobbed by a young, cool crowd, I couldn't get away from the noise soon enough, The rooftop Lounge area and Pool? (you call that a pool????,) was odd. The mini bar prices are beyond ridiculous.Would I stay here again? Probably. But it is not a 4 star as Hotwire rates it, unless you upgrade, so beware, book it yourself and don't pay more than $325/night for a deluxe or is that a superior king! (I don't honestly know.) I think that's what it is worth to me.	
Jun 26 2008	Awesome Stay at the Empire	We stayed at the Empire over New Years and very much enjoyed the room, service, and location. The room we had (Jr Suite) was very sizable, excellent value for location &amp; size in NYC. Large flat screen TV and sitting area as well as a very comfortable king size bed made for a great stay. I highly recommend the Empire Hotel.	
Jun 26 2008 	Great modern hotel	I was a little concerned about booking a room at the Empire after reading some of the Trip Advisor reviews, but I have to tell you, my room was great! I got a good deal through a special on Travelzoo and so I booked a Superior King instead of the standard room. The Superior room was quite big, especially for NY standards. The bed was comfortable, the room and bathroom were really clean, the furnishings were very cool and modern, staff was very nice and the shower was great. My shower didn't have a half door which has been reported on TA so maybe that has been fixed all around. Being next door to Duane Reade, Starbucks and two banks was very helpful.The only downsides, which are really petty, were - bathroom is small with not much storage for toiletries, there is no full length mirror, alarm clock is not next to bed but across the room, there is no room for your own items in the refrigerator, the armoire is not really long enough for a dress.	
Jun 25 2008 	Attractive hotel but mediocre service	Attractive hotel, including lobby and room. Service quite uneven, however. Certain staff helpful &amp; welcoming, others quite indifferent and borderline rude. Hotel recently renovated, has high staff turnover and it shows. Received conflicting &amp; erroneous info fro staff regarding availability of restaurant at various times of day, as a result we had to eat elsewhere. Good location (near Lincoln Center, walking distance to Broadway shows) so the hotel is worth considering, but don't expect smooth consistent service.	
Jun 23 2008 	roomy room in NYC	Went there on business for 5 days,nice location ( by Lincoln Center and a block away from the park),room is OK / recently refurbished) but bathroom very small ( but the shower is all right),the hotel has obviously a problem with its electronic key system (keys keep on demagnetising),Breakfast is so so; an expresso machine is clearly missing ( and it s not the average expresso from Starbuck that compensatesservice is nice and helpful,italian restaurant Fiorello next to the hotel is a good solution for a nice quick and sophisticated bite!	
Jun 20 2008 	Inexcusably Awful!!!	As a seasoned traveler who has made fifteen business trips in the past twelve months domestically, and three business trips internationally, and as an owner of a second home with a main residence in Santa Barbara, I'm confident in sharing with anyone reading this review, that I know what I'm saying when it comes to travel. The Empire Hotel was one of the most miserable hotel experiences I have EVER had. The location is ideal - across from Lincoln Center and down the block from The Warner Center and a block from the park - couldn't be better. The decor is fresh and 'current'. But after that... forget it - the air conditioning didn't work in the first two rooms they put me in. The units haven't been updated since the 1970's easily. The second room wreaked of cigarette smoke in what was supposed to be a non smoking room and floor. The room service is miserable and every order except one had to be called back by an English speaking operator to confirm the order was taken properly. The digital movie service was always grainey at the beginning of each movie and would frequently skip throughout the movie. The rooftop pool, while loaded with incredible potential, was out of service half the time. The wireless service in the hotel, which is the only service for email and web services was spotty at best in each of the three rooms I was moved around in. The hotel operators are useless and the front desk managers were unbearable, negligent and unintelligent on important issues like billing, accommodations, city services, etc. And the easily the worst, and most disgusting component, occurred when unfortunately I got sick from gastro inestinal virus which rendered me useless for a 24 hour spell. As difficult as this is to write, the uncontrollable nature of the g.i. situation led to some uncontrollable mishaps in bed. While I personally tore the sheets off the bed and insured they were properly taken care of, I was repulsed to see upon my return to my room after a day on business in the city, the the mattress down cover had not been switched out - or burned as it should have been - and that the diarrheal stain of an unfortunate moment was right there in plain view... if all the other details weren't enough, this simple fact sums the entire experience up.INSURE, THAT IF ANYONE YOU KNOW IS PLANNING ON STAYING AT THIS UNBELIEVABLE PROPERTY, THAT YOU DISSUADE THEM FROM DOING SO. A SAVVY WEBSITE AND NEWLY DECORATED LOBBY ARE NOT ENOUGH TO SAVE AN OTHERWISE TERRIBLE HOTEL.Sincerely,Scott CorridanPresident, Creative DirectorWhite Chocolate label by Scott Corridan, Inc.	
Jun 20 2008 	Great Location Good Hotel	Nice hotel, recently refurbished, room was a decent size and nicely decorated, clean and comfortable. Only 5 mins walk to Central Park and away from the real hustle and bustle of NYC. PJ Clarkes downstairs is a good place to socialise and the hotel doorstaff would always get you a cab straight away..I would recomend this hotel to anyone staying in NYC, the only downsides are that I didnt realise that breakfast was included ( no idea were they serve it, never saw a dining room, we always ended up having breakfast at a diner a few blocks away) and the bar staff are rude ( they think they are ubercool, very pretentious!)	
Jun 11 2008 	Do Not Stay Here	We arrived with 60 or more people as part of a traveling show at about 4:30 in the morning. We were informed that the key machine was not working and each and every person had to be escorted to our rooms by the 1 security guard that was on duty. This was the beginning of the worst experience I have ever had at a hotel in NY. One person in my group found soiled underwear when they got into their room, another had half the room flooded, and another didn't even have a toilet in his room. A girl with our party had a guest enter her room thinking it was theirs and had a key for the same room. The complimentary internet comes in and out every 5 mins. The final straw for me was at 1:00 am after having a cigarette outside was that after 2 days my key would not work anymore, as did the other 4 people waiting in line at that time. Every time I had to stand in line for the front desk it was a 30-40 min wait. The staff is horrible and the worst in the city. DO NOT STAY HERE !!!	
Jun 10 2008 	GREAT PLACE	Just got back from a great stay at the Empire Hotel- It's chic- hip and what a location- lincoln center and 1 block from central park- Room was typical size for NY- great restaurants with in feet of Hotel- even a starbucks downstairs- On the roof is a pool - what a great retreat after a long day sightseeing- the place was packed with a nice element of people- from young jetsetters to a more mature elegant ballet going crowd- I have been visiting NYC for 17 years- I have stayed in many of NY's finest hotels- but this was one of the most fun and best locations ever.	
Jun 5 2008 	Location was great but...	My husband and I stayed 5 nights at the Empire Hotel but thankfully did not spend much time in the room. The room was clean but very small. Our room was supposed to have two double beds, but they were more like 3/4 beds so we slept in separate beds. They were each piled high with 4 full sized and two smaller pillows and a terry cloth robe which created a problem when we wanted to sleep as there was only one chair in the room on which we piled everything except the 2 pillows we slept on! The water in the bathroom sink drained very slowly so we removed the plug. There was plenty of hot water in the shower, but it took forever to actually become hot which was a waste of water. The shower floor was a wooden mat that got a bit slippery. The complimentary toiletries were from L'Occitane and very nice, but they could have supplied something a little less high end and supplied better toilet paper. It disintegrated as soon as it got wet. I went to the drug store around the corner and bought a better roll!	
Jun 3 2008 	Two star quality at a 4-star price	We visit NYC frequently, typically staying at the Comfort Inn at 129 West 46th St. We were attracted to the Empire a weekend in June since the Comfort inn was sold out, and the Empire was among the cheapest &quot;good&quot; places available.First of all, the Empire is not a dive. It rates a solid two stars, although it’s advertised as a 4-star.When we arrived at about 1pm, we had to wait about 15 minutes in a queue at the front desk, as there was only one attendant on duty. “The others are all on break.” she said. The building’s key system was down, so we could not get access to the room anyway, and she had no idea when it would be fixed. Three hours later we called to ask if it was fixed, and we were put on hold for 10 minutes. After hanging up and calling back, the attendant took a message for the manager who was ‘busy’. One hour later we arrived at the hotel and met the manager who had just arrived (were they going to keep me on hold for 4 hours?). He immediately declared that he knew nothing of any problems, but hoped everything would now be satisfactory.The room was clean. There was no shower door, which is apparently the case in all their rooms. As a result, water pours all over the floor. The hair dryer blew the circuit breaker (not the gfci). There was no hot water on the first morning. The continental breakfast, free at the Comfort Inn, is $17.50 per person at the Empire. Two of the 4 elevators were broken, but luckily we were on the 2nd floor. The wifi went down one evening and wasn’t restored till the next morning. There was no coffeemaker in the room. The air-conditioner sounded like it ran in diesel. The overpriced mini-bar ($6 candy bars) took up what little counterspace there was. All things considered, the Comfort Inn, like most mid-priced hotels we’ve stayed at, offers amenities, service, and quality. The Empire offered none of these.	
Jun 3 2008	I can guarantee you that we will never come back to your hotel	My husband and I travel to New York several times a year and we like to try new hotels. This trip was to celebrate our 30th wedding anniversary. So, we wanted everything to be perfect. I would love to be able to tell you what a wonderful experience we had at your hotel but unfortunately I can’t say that. What we experienced was very upsetting for us.We arrived at your hotel on the evening of May 14th for a 5 night stay. We were shown to our room #1115 which had a wonderful view of Lincoln Center and the City. On May 15th after a full day of being on the go, we came back to our room to find the door ajar. Upon entering the room we were startled to find 3 workmen. One man was on a ladder halfway in the ceiling crawl space, one man was holding the ladder and one man was just standing there staring at us. After recovering from our initial shock, we asked them what was going on. They stated they were checking out a problem with the plumbing and that they were told we would have to switch rooms the next day. Hearing this but not knowing exactly what to do, we went down to the lobby to talk to someone in charge. We found that there was nobody who would take responsibility to speak with us on this issue. They kept deferring the situation to a manager who seemed to always be unavailable. So we had to explain the situation to the desk clerks who seemed surprised to hear this story and had not been informed at all. They told us we had to wait while they looked into it. After about a ½ hour of waiting in the lobby (in that we had no room to go to because of work still being done) we were told that we would have to move from our room the next morning and that it would be an upgrade (which my husband had to aggressively ask for in light of the inconvenience). The next morning we were all packed (just another added inconvenience) and waited to be moved to our new room. After waiting for about two hours, we were finally told that the new room wasn’t ready. So we went out for the day and upon returning to the hotel in the afternoon very wet and tired, our new room was still not ready and we had to wait in the lobby again. Once our room #1112 was finally ready, we were surprised and very disappointed to see that our new room was not what we considered to be an upgrade. It may have been 4 feet longer but nothing else was different or better. The closet was so small (much smaller than room #1115) that we had to live out of our suitcases. The crowning blow was that we had lost our wonderful view and now looked at a building only a few feet away from our window. So instead of listening to the wonderful city sounds, we were now relegated to listening to the many air conditioners running from the other rooms. Out of total frustration, my husband talked to a manager who was on duty at that time and after explaining the situation to him and expressing our extreme unhappiness with the room and the lack of concern on the hotel’s part, we were offered us a paltry $100 discount on our bill. But all we really wanted was a new room with a view but were told that no room was available. However, the next day, we saw that our old room had new guests staying in it. We were very dismayed to know that your management knew how unhappy we were and that we were not offered our old room back; which was really all we wanted.I can’t begin to tell you how this situation put a dark cloud on our anniversary trip and that we were not treated with respect or concern from your front desk and management team. No one at the Empire really seemed to care that this was putting a damper on our trip and that we had to spend so much time and energy on this situation when we should have been celebrating our 30th anniversary with joy and happiness without worrying about hotel deficiencies.I can guarantee you that we will never come back to your hotel and we will let all of our family, friends and business associates know what our experience was at the Empire Hotel. We will also be putting our experience on line for other potential guests to read before they book a room at the Empire.Until we received your post stay e-mail, a manager’s name never came up as one we could speak to regarding this situation. Too bad because we would like to have been able to resolve these issues smoothly and expeditiously while we were there.	
Jun 2 2008 	Cool vibe!	We experienced wondeful service at this little gem. Upon arrival, we were informed that our room was 'internal' with no windows.We requested an upgrade and were given one, with minimal delay.The lobby bar and rooftop area are welcome relaxations spots, as the rooms are quite small. The bathroom was TINY, but efficient use of space. Very cool shower.Like other reviews, we would have liked coffee in the room, but there is a great little spot across the street called &quot;Bread Soul Cafe&quot; without the line up or crap food like the Starbucks around the corner. Also, a fantastic newsstand next to BreadSoul, so it's one-stop for your morning paper/coffee fix.With tons of great restaurants, shopping &amp; sight seeing nearby, the Empire is a great base for your NYC getaway.	
Jun 2 2008 	Nice hotel-bad service.	This hotel was recommended by a friend and by checking out the website we were very excited to stay. The hotel itself is cool and trendy and check-in was quick and the staff at the front desk was polite. They let us know right away that you had to call to get ice because they only had one machine-so we did call and it took quite a while for a tiny bucket. Also, the room was very warm and the the a/c didn't work very well. Later that night, we stopped by the bar for a night cap but left because the bartender was rude. We asked her if she was still serving and she stated very rudely &quot;I guess I can&quot;-so we went upstairs and had a glass of wine in our room. Finally, on our check out day, we decided to go to the rooftop pool/deck; get some sun and breakfast. First off, the pool is smaller than most residential pools, it's not heated and it's in the shade-but to have a pool in NYC is a treat in itself. We ordered breakfast, coffee and mimosas and didn't recieve anything for an hour (I don't mind the food as much as our drinks). The manager did come to apologize which we appreciated, he also took care of our cold breakfast. I think maybe they are still working out the kinks and hopefully will get there. Other than the service, it's a very nice hotel in a great location. I will try it again (maybe next year).	
May 27 2008	wonderful experience !!!	We have just spent 4 days (3 nights) in this great NYC hotel. If you are looking for a perfect place to stay but can't afford the Plaza, you have to go at the Empire. Great location (just in front of the Lincon Center , corner Broadway and one block from Central Park with a stop for the up-town bus tour). Beautyful lobby, bar and room. The standard queen room are a bit small but very nicely furnished and great flat screen TV and an IPOD log. The bathroom are small but very modern and sparkling clean. Service was perfect ! The terrasse on the top is superbe, have a glass of wine by the pool and enjoy! Book before prices go up, it's a great deal.	
May 27 2008 	good choice! fair price! nice place	The roof top swimming pool and sunbed area is open and has got a stunning!The Empire must have read the negative feedbacks as on May 2008 - it was perfect. I can not agree with any negativ feedbacks. We even had good windows, we hardly heard any cars...slept like in heaven...location is perfect as the underground at lincoln square is only a 2-5 min. walk.We didn't take the smallest room and went for the bigger one. Cost you a few dollars more but is about 30m2. Actually bigger than everything I had in advance in NY! The price is fair enough - even cheap...We were completely happy (and a spoild Suisse...) :-)So do not hesitate to book a room!regards, Susanne	
May 23 2008 	Not Bad At All	I think i have finally found a good base for 3-4 day trips in New York. Good location vs. my previous base in Battery Park and price was okay although it seems you need to keep checking to see when the yield management release more beds. next stop is getting to work out a flight which is reasonably priced without having a saturday night stay ( if they exist )	
May 20 2008 	Nice Decor Bad Service	I've stayed at this hotel twice now. The first time there was no hot water and the second time, the shower wouldn't drain. Those are really my only compaints, but I guess that's a pretty big deal. Oh that, and the fact that I go downstairs for coffee in the morning and I get handed a bill for $7. Are you kidding? No free coffee and juice like the first time I stayed there? Anyway, I would never pay more than $250 to stay there and I wouldn't advise anyone else to do so. On the plus side, the decor is nice and well done and the bar is pretty cool.	
May 17 2008	Great Location	I stayed at the Empire Hotel for several nights with 2 of my teenaged children. We were able to check in to our room early (11am!), and found the staff to be welcoming and professional throughout our stay.Our room was a spacious double/double, which faced away from the street. I was told when I booked the room, that we would have a view of Lincoln Center, but it turned out okay because while our room was dark, it was wonderfully quiet at night! The lighting was poor, and the decor dark, but the room was clean and the beds very comfortable. We had a small sitting area and a large flat screen television. Another reviewer mentioned the faucet in the bathroom was poorly designed and they were absolutely right. You can barely get your hands under it because the sink is so shallow. There is NO space in the bathroom to lay out toiletries, but the water pressure and hot water were excellent. I loved the rainfall shower.As far as location, the Empire is hard to beat. It's a short walk to the Columbus Avenue subway station where you can make connections to anywhere in the city. The hotel is directly across the street from Lincoln Center and there are tons of wonderful shops and restaurants within easy walking distance. There's a Starbucks right downstairs, convenient for breakfast.The lobby bar was a hub of activity every night and again, the staff was great. My son was desperate to see a NY Rangers playoff game and the hotel did not carry it on their cable system, so we asked the bar staff if they knew of a place to go where we could see it (appropriate for under-aged kids), and they went out of their way to find us a spot. I can HIGHLY recommend Blondie's on 79th Street. We had a blast there and the boy got to see his game while we sampled their phenomenal wings.Overall, we enjoyed the hotel very much. It would have been nice to have better lighting and some more storage space in our room, but for Manhattan, it was a good sized room at a reasonable price. The level of service we received was excellent. I called for an iron and it arrived inside of 5 minutes. Room service was equally quick, but outrageously expensive....$56 for a few slices of Canadian bacon and some hash browns!!! There are too many great places to eat very close by to bother with that.I'd definitely stay at The Empire again.	
May 12 2008 	absolutely terrible- will never return	Absolutely terrible rooms and value. Waaaaay overpriced for what it was. There was constant loud music from the club upstairs on a MONDAY night, made it impossible to sleep. Will absolutely never return, and will make sure no one else i know will either	
May 12 2008 	Great location--nice place	Great location if you're going to an event at Lincoln Center. Central Park is very close by too. Hotel is funky! Yes, the rooms are very small. The king sized bed took up most of the space. But it was comfortable. The bathroom is tiny; if you've been on a cruise ship you won't have a problem with it. Strange shower--nice rain showerhead but shower was partly open (missing half of the sliding glass somehow? intentional?) so if you didn't use the rain showerhead (there is another one) the water splashed onto the tiny bathroom floor and out under the door into the room.Check rates once you've booked. Our rate for superior king was $409 when I booked in March. I checked back the day before our arrival and it was $309. I cancelled the reservation and rebooked. I saved over $120 if you include the many taxes. Rooftop area is nice. Pool is enclosed and looks to be about 20' long and maybe 7' wide.The window in our room opened which I liked.I would stay here again.	
May 10 2008	great location by lincoln center	I was very pleased with the stay this weekend at the empire hotel. The staff was professional, the rooms were great, and it was right across the street from lincoln center. I would stay here again. I ilked the new decor. very safari..	
Apr 28 2008 	Can't Wait to go Back!	Wow, what a pleasant surprise! This hotel has been beautifully transformed from its past. I can't decide what brought us more pleasure - the upscale atmosphere in this unbelievably fabulous location for the price, or the complete newness of everything and size of the room for the price. We were very pleased by it all! What more can you ask for in Manhattan? The stylish new decor is top notch from the light fixtures to the bedding (we slept like babies all 3 nights), from the bathroom style and fixtures to the nice flatscreen TV, from the cozy lobby bar to the endless activities surrounding you in this Lincoln Center location, it's a great place to stay! Rosa Mexicano is just around the corner - one of the MUSTS when you're in NY. Not to mention Starbucks is about 10 steps away for easy morning coffee and breakfast.If we HAD to find something to complain about? There is very little space to hang clothes - 2 hooks with room for about 4 hangers. And the bathroom is small. My boyfriend wondered how anyone larger than his 220 pounds would be able to sit in comfort in there. The shower is also designed a little strange - water tends to go all over the bathroom when you shower, but that's what towels are for! And these aren't even complaints. Overall, we give this hotel an A+!	
Apr 27 2008 	Not bad but not good either	So i used Hotwire and didnt pay too much. but the hotel wasnt awsome. When we checked in it took the girl behind the counter my licences to find my room. And then she didnt even point to where i was supposed to go to get to my room. What happened to service. First NO Hot water!!!!! Called the front desk and they sent some one but when he came he got hot water so mybe they have a button. Next the room itself was very small. And i mean Very small. Im a small person and we only stayed one night so we had a small bag thank god. No floor space and the door hit they mini bar when we opened it. There was no view from are room and that should not be called a centrel park hotel. Yes its near centrel park but its not like you can see the park. All and all not a fan. But it was a bed. Will i stay again mybe if i get it by hotwire but i wont call them. Also Please note pool is not open	
Apr 25 2008 	Not perfect loved it anyway	After reading a number of reviews that said the queen rooms were tiny, my husband and I booked a king room, which was very comfortable for two. Loved the &quot;over the top&quot; ultra-chic decor, super comfy bed, good size bathroom. The service was great. We came in at 10 am after taking the red-eye from the West Coast. They checked our bags, directed us to a great breakfast place up the street and said they would get us into our room early if at all possible. We came back around 11:30 am and the bellman told us to relax in the quiet mezzanine lounge and he would come up and get us when our room was ready. Sure enough, around 12:15 he came and told us our room was ready! Only drawbacks were the bathroom lighting and the heating system. The bathroom light caused so much glare I had to put on makeup by the window. It was very cold in February when we were there.We had trouble with the room getting too hot, but found that if we left the window open a crack the room temperature was fine. (This is typical for old buildings with old boiler systems in NYC.) The heating system quit working twice, but when we called, the maintenance guy was there within 10 minutes and got it working again. The hotel is so gorgeous visually (don't miss the bar in the evening when the walls are lit with hundreds of votive candles) and the staff so nice and helpful, I'm going back on my next trip and would recommend it for couples and business travelers. The location and neighborhood (by Lincoln Center) is great. Just skip the queen rooms—get a king—and don't expect the heating/cooling system to function as well as a brand new building. Good restaurants nearby: Olympic Flame for breakfast, Fiorello's, Josephine's. I stayed at the Empire (in a king room that had a very small bathroom) again by myself on a business trip in April and enjoyed it. In February, the cold breakfast buffet was free, but by April they had the restaurant operational and added hot food—soggy scrambled eggs, tasteless potatoes and bacon—and were charging $17! I complained to the cashier and he didn't charge me. Skip the breakfast. Otherwise, another fine stay. Loved the personable, helpful handsome young doormen!	
Apr 23 2008	Empire poor choice of hotel despite good location	My mother and I stayed at the Empire recently and we were highly disappointed. We have stayed at many different hotels during many travels, and this was one of our worst experiences. While the Empire is in a great location, the service was poor, they were understaffed, the lobby and rooms were dark and had poor lighting, the rooms had showers that needed an engineer to figure out how to work and when you did figure it out you needed to be a very tall person to reach some of the controls, the places to hang clothes in the room and bathroom had rods and hooks for such a tall person that in the bathroom I couldn't even hang my towel on the door hook (I am 5' 3&quot;), we had cold water for showers despite requesting that be fixed, and there was no place to plug in your computer or PDA without crawling on the floor to find at outlet. In addition, there were no bars in the bathroom and it was unsuitable for a handicapped or elderly person. We requested a change to a handicap room for my elderly mother, and although there were bars and a walk in shower (albeit a cold shower), again the controls were difficult to understand and use, the flooring was slippery (not proper flooring for a handicapped bathroom), and the water did not run properly down the drain such that the rest of the floor in the bathroom also became slippery. Our visit was for my mother's 80th birthday, and she had stayed at the Empire many times before it was renovated. Neither of us will stay at the Empire again. We are returning to NYC in June and will stay elsewhere. We hope the owners of the hotel redo their recent renovations to address these problems, some of which relate to the redesign of the hotel which was done badly. This could be a great hotel if the focus was on function and useability rather than form.	
Apr 22 2008 	Bait and switch	DO NOT STAY HERE!! I booked a room on the Empire Hotel's website and got a pretty good rate. When I went to check out the rate was $100 higher. I showed the front desk my email confirmation with the rate I was quoted and they would not accept the rate. The person at the front desk was extremely rude and did not care that my email confirmation showed a different rate. Since arguing witht he guy was useless I have decided to fight the charges with my credit card company. I will NEVER stay at this hotel again. Besides my experience with the hotel rate, the air conditioner makes a horrible sound all night and the walls are paper thin. I could hear the tv of the person in the room next to me while I was in my room.	
Apr 20 2008	The worst hotel in NYC	Me and my daughter were so looking forward to our trip to The Big Apple. Thanks to the Empire Hotel it became a Big Disaster!False advertisement, the pool is not even open and if it ever does open...well you will be surprised as it is approx. 4FT!!!Our room wasn't ready upon check in, 5pm! Check in time is 3pm..but the lovely African/American girl did really try to accomodate us (she is the only good part about this hotel) and I hope that she is treated well by management...Oh, lets talk about management..we asked to speak to a Manager then Chris came to talk to us...well what a waste of money !!!! I can't believe that this person is even getting paid..he called my daughter BABE!!!!!Anyway, to make a long disaster short, the hotel is a disaster!	
Apr 14 2008	Don't let negative comments put you off....	Having read so many negative comments about rooms being too hot, too small and too noisy, we checked in with some trepidation! Maybe we were lucky (we were on the 11th floor at the front of the hotel), we had two double beds and there were three of us. The room was a bit small, but there was enough space and the air - con worked (so did the window), so we weren't too hot! The bathroom was also quite small, but with adequate space and a great shower. The only slightly negative comments are the lack of storage space, hooks and hanging rails being too high and the fact that it was very dark in the room, even with all the lights on. These things were more than made up for by the high level of cleanliness and the quirky decor!Location is excellent; really close to Central Park (great for people watching and resting those tired feet). This was our third visit to NY and the Empire gave us the chance to explore parts of the City we hadn't been to before. A visit to Top of the Rock is highly recommended - much less manic than the Empire State Building.	
Apr 10 2008 	Noisy room	We were originally in room 604, there were fans from air conditioning units on the building next door that were incredibly noisy and running 24hrs a day. We asked to be moved straight away but were told there were no available rooms. So after a very sleepless night we were told to go out for the day as we had planned and hopefully a room would be available when we returned from exploring New York CIty. When we got back we were told we had been moved to 421. A much quieter room at the front of the hotel, even the traffic was quiet compared to the fans! While in the lift with the bell-boy going to the old room to get our luggage he told us he spends most of his day moving people from one side of the hotel to the other because of complaints about the noise. So why do they keep putting people in these rooms without sorting out the noise issue. Other than this problem the hotel was fine - a little small but with so much to do in NY we didn't spend much time in the room!!!	
Apr 7 2008	Empire Hotel-Fit for Napoleon and anyone under 5' 4"	The rooms are ridiculously small (and I have stayed in a lot of NY hotels). To close the bathroom door you basically have to step over the toilet into the shower. Then if you forgot to turn the light on you have to go through the same procedure since the light is on the outside. The heat is unbearable and my A/C did not work. Management refused to change my room but instead sent a maintenance guy who got it partially working. About the only thing to recommend is the location.	
Apr 6 2008 	Suffers from poor onsite management	The Empire Hotel suffers from poor onsite management even though it is conveniently located and visually appealing hotel. A couple of disappointments were that the hallway carpeting had a strong urine odor which was not corrected by deoderizers, and the little fitness room was not up to standards of other hotels in this price range. Finally, I was a little taken aback by the fact that my credit card was pre-charged for the room the night before we left because I had planned to settle the check out bill on another card. This little snafu took time to correct. We will not return.	
Mar 31 2008	Wish it had been better!	Stayed in a corner suite and was awakened at 7:15p on my vacation by the jack hammering and drilling at the construction sight at Lincoln Center. Was sooo disappointed. This went on for two days. Asked to be moved, but the first time I asked the place was booked. I asked the second day and they were able to move me for my final two days. The staff was incredibly friendly and caring, but the bathrooms are ill-equipped and like others, it took FOREVER to get hot water. I felt like I was staying in a hip hotel that was redecorated, as opposed to completely renovated from top to bottom. So many details yet to be taken care of. All in all, nice people, waaaay too noisy a hotel for me.	
Mar 25 2008	Yes I liked it no I did not	My daughter and I spent 4 nights at the Empire. When we arrived one hour early, we were told to come back later. When we came back, we were told that the only room available was the one overlooking the main road, despite having requested a quiet room. The guy at the front desk was rather arrogant and unhelpful. Eventually, 1/2 hour later we were shown to our room. We put the heating on as it was freezing and sat on the bed with our coats on, waiting for the room to warm up. Alas! After 1/2 hour it was still very cold. I went down to the reception and the reception guy said he would send an engineer to fix the problem. So we went out exploring the area rather than sit in a small dark room.When we came back 2 hours later, the engineer had not been. I contacted the reception, the guy did not apologise for the inconvenience and did not seem in a hurry to call the engineer either. But as I passed one of the workmen (maybe a porter) he told me that he will contact the engineer immediately. Indeed, after 10 minutes wait the engineer appeared. He had not been told the first time to come and fix the heater. After a while, having a thorough look, he said that there was nothing wrong with it, but it was the window which could not be shut! The window was broken! So I asked to move to another room. We waited for nearly 1 hour before they gave us another room.The third room - at last - was very warm. So I turned off the heating altogether, but it still stayed warm. I think there was some sort of hot pipes running behind a column which was at one corner of the room.Not very good for our first night.In fact we both had headaches for the 4 days we were there. I hope it was just the heat and nothing more sinister.It took ages for the water to warm up. We had to run the water for about 15 mins. before it got warm. Also the shower was very fiddly to use. You could get easily frozen or burnt.The bedroom was very small and we could not easily fit our 2 suitcases. The bathroom was the smallest I have ever seen. And it is also the first hotel I have ever been in which had no coffee or tea facilities. The clothes hanging area was minute, and there was no wardrobe.However, this hotel has a few redeeming features. The decor is very good and new, the bed, the linen and towels were luxurious, and the free breakfast - contrary to some reviews - is quite good.Despite the fact that some people at the front desk were unhelpful and arrogant, the other staff in the hotel (housekeeping, engineer, porters) were helpful and friendly.The hotel is very well situated for Central Park and the expensive shopping, but personally I preferred South Manhattan, which was quieter and pretty rather than busy and grand.	
Mar 23 2008 	Location and well location!	Here's a super quick summary of what everyone else said... although I and the BF did stay at the EH. Although rates in NY are crazy, we may have spent just under $200 per night (Sat and Sun) with taxes and fees. Not bad!Stars also for the location. I'm not a big fan of the shows, so being near Times Square is actually a disadvantage. The SW corner of Central Park was perfect -- think romantic walks. At Columbus Circle there's also the Bouchon Bakery (originally from San Francisco) with wonderful pastries and sandwiches, Whole Foods, and the shopping mall in the Time Warner building. From 63rd, we explored the upper west side which has the natural history museum and the best little brunch spot at 80th and Amsterdam. The hotel is also convenient to the Apple store (SE corner of Central Park), and the Capezio store (although generally I prefer Bloch). Decor was quite unified, from the custom carpet to the 60' drapes in the lobby, and the individual rooms themselves. Smallish rooms, but this is NY. My two gripes are (1) bathroom door is frosted, not solid (why is this so common? do I want to know what unspeakable things people do in the bathroom?); and (2) the shower fixture we could only turn on standing under the head, so we always got doused in cold water before it heated up. It may have been malfunctioning, but it was annoying. The bed was marvelously comfortable, and we liked the &quot;do not disturb&quot; magnet on the door. Very tricky! Otherwise, this place will have a lot of things going for it when the rooftop pool and lounge opens.	
Mar 20 2008 	I hate this place	The best way to describe the rooms are as expensive closets. Its an old building so there isn't any form of modern temperature control to the rooms. The folks in New York apparently like it hot so my room was measured at 85 degrees. I contacted the maint. guy and all he offered was a fan to circulate the heat out of the room. This hotel is an expensive &quot;club&quot; environment. If that's what you're looking for, this is for you. If you're a business user that wants more than to just be in the &quot;IN&quot; spot despite bad service and tiny rooms, you absolutely want to look elsewhere.	
Mar 15 2008 	Good hotel but watch your minibar bill	Stayed in a corner suite for a long weekend break and it was pretty good overall. Suite was decent sized for NYC and all clean and new. Disappointing that the top deck bar and pool won't be ready for months yet but location was spot on for exploring the city. One thing I would say though is to keep an eye on extras being charged to your room. We were billed for merchandise that we didn't even know was supposed to be there never mind having used it. On checking out I managed to get the charge waived but they obviously need to review how they check inventories in guest rooms. The buffet breakfast wasn't the scramble we were led to believe but it was a bit ordinary and the room they opened to provide seating was utterly soul-less. Not a tip-top class hotel despite trying to charge top end prices but overall very acceptable in a city where there are some absolute shockers of rooms.	
Mar 9 2008 	Great for Met Opera Fans	Just got back from my second stay at the Empire. Very pleased both trips Nov 2007 and Mar 2008). Decided to stay at the Empire because of proximity to the MET Opera House (it is right outside the hotel front door)! The staff on both visits were delightful and very helpful (especially Ben at the front desk). Hotel was clean, rooms are a bit small but this is NYC so not a big suprise. The hotel was pricey but you get what you pay for-location and service! I only stayed one night during both of my visits so I don't know what other reviewers about 3 night minimum were complaining about. Keep in mind if booking this hotel the rooftop pool and restaurant do not open until later in 2008.	
Mar 2 2008 	A great base to explore NY city from.	We Stayed at the Empire for 5 nights 15 th - 20 th Feb. We found the hotel to be comfortable &amp; cosy. The room &amp; bathroom were not huge but had everything you need for a good nights sleep i.e comfy beds , plasma t.v, i-pod docking station . The shower was great ,powerful &amp; with a choice of overhead rainfall shower or hand held body only attatchment if you did not want your hair to get wet ! The hairdryer was also really good &amp; powerful.You could hear the traffic tooting etc from the street but this did not worry us &amp; we still slept well.The complimentary breakfast was a good way to start the day, shopping, sightseeing etc is all within easy reach of the hotel. The gym is well equipped.The staff were all very helpful ,proffessional &amp; friendly.We would definately stay here again .	
Feb 12 2008 	Fantastic!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	We have just returned from a long weekend at the Empire Hotel and found to be fantastic. We found everything about the hotel to be superb from the complimentray breakfast to the maids. It has obviously been re-decorated and is very very good, the rooms were big enough, this is New York and there was enough room for me and my wife and the plasma TV was a nice touch. I am not a great lover of eating at the tourist restaurants and when I asked where some good restaurants where they gave me details of some fantastic places to eat, and when asking I thought maybe there were on some kind of commission but we never even mentioned the hotel to the staff at the restaurants. It was only 5/10 mins from Times Square and so didnt have the noise of being in the middle of everything and the best thing was being just up the road from Central Park which made a nice walk to 5th Avenue.Overall I would highly recommend this hotel and WILL be staying there again	
Feb 3 2008	Disappointing	The hotel in general is ok. In my opinion, the decor is way to busy and fussy.During my stay, I became ill and was hospitalized. I had to call for an ambulance. Staff members were very kind and visited me at the hospital. I stayed here for 2 weeks of which 1 week I was hospitalized. They charged me for the entire 2 weeks . . . awful business practice.I will not stay here again.	
Feb 1 2008	Greedy	The Empire Hotel requires a 3 night minimum stay. Trying to corral people into this kind of scheme because you have a captive audience equals bad business and greedy tactics. A total turn-off.	
Jan 29 2008 	Terrible Experience for Business Travelers	The rooms were nicely decorated and the staff did their best to accommodate me given the problems, but the windows were so crappy that all you could hear was NYC traffic, even as high as the 10th floor. I had to wear earplugs to get any sleep at all. Also, the reason I booked this hotel was because they promised free wireless internet service in the rooms. After three different rooms, it never worked properly. If you are traveling for business, avoid this hotel. If you are going to be out all night partying, then maybe this will not bother you.	
Jan 26 2008 	Great Hotel! well renovated great service and decent rooms	I booked 2 rooms at Empire for 8 days - I was there last week. They did a GREAT job renovating it. Its a small-ish Hotel, but has large rooms - compared to other Hotels in NY - and very tasteful decoration. Nice touches like an iPOD music station with alarm, beautiful wooden showers, makes you feel you are in a sauna, and a great bed with high quality linens and pillows. The stuff is very polite and provide a great service. They also offer continental breakfast and internet for free, so its great value overall. The bar downstairs is cozy and its highly recommended even for drinks if you are at the Lincoln center area. Overall, great value and great service, my new preferred Hotel in NYC!	
Jan 25 2008 	Awful stay	I was put in a room with an incomplete bathroom. The shower was missing a door so I had to press up against the wall to avoid the water from pouring onto the bathroom floor. When speaking to the young staff person at the desk, she indicated &quot;maybe that's the design of the bathroom.&quot; A piece of the shower controller was also falling apart from the wall. At night, the noise of staying in a &quot;steam-heated&quot; hotel, ie the sound of putting a hammer to a metal pipe, kept me from falling asleep. I called down to the front desk for that issue as well, to which the response was basically nothing. No offer for me to move to another room at all. To top it off, the alarm went off twice in the middle of the night. Yes, the decor is amazing and there are always four doormen for every person entering the building. But other than that, this hotel is way overpriced for what you get.	
Jan 20 2008 	Great Location Small Rooms	Wife and I spent a nice 2 nights at the Empire Hotel. The location was perfect (across the street from Central Park) as we could walk almost everywhere. The staff was very friendly. Rooms were small (very Euro) but comfortable. Typical noise that comes with staying in the city.	
Jan 13 2008 	Good all rounder - would stay again!	Stayed with my girlfriend for long birthday weekend in mid December. Got upgraded to large room on arrival. Great sized room with nice bathroom (shower needed a bit of thought to fathom out!) Outside noise was a bit much, could do with double glazing. Didn't spoil stay though, good heating and lovely beds.Friendly staff and great location. Excellent location for Central park and Upper East shopping.Breakfast was OK - pastries and cereral etc. fine for a snack though to start the day.Would return.	
Jan 5 2008 	Boutique style hotel with real character great location!	My wife and I stayed at the Empire for our first wedding anniversary. We loved the hotel! We stayed early December and it snowed the first night so we were relieved that the heating worked really well and kept our room nice and cosy!The hotel is in a really good location, about two blocks west of the southern part of Central Park. The nearest subway station was just across the road at the Lincoln Centre, about 1 mins walk!The room itself was a reasonable size, I suspect space is at a premium in NYC. Room facilities were good with a nice large wall mounted LCD TV, an alarm clock with built in iPod dock and a decent size writing desk. The only negative was that some of the furnishings had a few knocks, although they were all still fairly new. The best feature by far was the great shower with its rainfall style showerhead, absolutely superb!The lobby of this hotel is something else, I hope the photos help explain. The decor is loud! Each time we came out of the lifts into the lobby it felt as though we'd entered a really cool club which had a really laidback vibe due to the downtempo music that would be playing, I thought it was great ... each time I entered the lobby I had a massive grin on my face.Complimentary breakfast was served daily and consisted of pastries, bagels, yoghurts, fresh fruit, fruit juices and coffee - enough to give a decent start to the day.We both wish we'd investigated the area nearer to the hotel a little more as we spent most of our time in central Manhattan and only discovered the great restaurants on Columbus Ave between 66th and 72nd on the day we left.Finally, the staff were professional and friendly. Highly recommended.	
Jan 3 2008 	Just Fine	Have stayed three times in last four months. Anyone who thinks rooms are small etc has not travelled outside States. Well located and warm feeling to the whole place.Nice and good value compared to stuff one notch above in the star ratings.Stephen BrownHong Kong	
Dec 31 2007	Too much for what you get. Need to work out kinks.	I stayed at the hotel at the very beginning of December, because I was 7 months pregnant and my husband had come down with a terrible fever of 103. I realize that we were being extra cautious, but it turned out our caution was for a good reason. He had pneumonia and I couldn't come home until he got better, which ended up being five days.When I checked in the staff was fairly helpful and the room was very nice, but small. The problem was they placed me in a room that was right near the elevator. They were kind enough to move me, but the next room was worse, it had a broken air conditioner that rattled and it was on Broadway. The room was even noisier than the previous one because of the A/C and the street noise. At this point, I felt like the &quot;Princess and the Pea&quot;. They finally moved me to a quiet room that didn't face the street. You might want to know why I needed A/C. Most of the rooms had theirs on, because the hotel rooms were extremely hot. I slept with the window open the first couple of nights and for some reason my AC started to work the last few nights. I noticed that I wasn't the only one sleeping with their window open.The rooms are nicely decorated, but fairly small. They also have no bathtubs, only showers.The hotel advertises room service, but they had not received a permit to operate the restaurant, so I had to go out every night for dinner. There were a couple of nights where I would have loved to have put my feet up. They did however have a fantastic continental breakfast with fresh squeezed juices, yogurts, and assorted breads. If you wanted something like a latte, you had to go to Starbucks, but that is right around the corner.Overall, the hotel was nice, but it cost way too much for what it was and the services it provided. They need to work out a few kinks.	
Dec 20 2007	Would Never Go Back	This hotel recently re-opened and my wife and I found it online. We've been to NYC many times and have stayed in a lot of the top-tier hotels. While this hotel clearly isn't top tier (ie Four Seasons), it was disappointing even for what it advertises itself to be. The rooms are extremely small and have been redesigned but with very cheap items (it took 3 calls to the front desk to fix broken lights in our room). However, the service was by far the worst aspect of our stay. Our room was not ready at the check in time the hotel staff acted like they were doing us a favor by actually getting us to our room. Most of the staff were pretty rude and not helpful. We ordered room service once and the food was cold and took over an hour to arrive. The only good thing about this hotel is the location but you can do far better for the same price. Don't stay here if you can avoid it.	
Dec 19 2007 	Not worth the money	Pros: Good location, nice lobby, rooms were decent.Cons: Very small rooms, Very loud-could hear cars honking all night and people yelling outside at all hours. Did not have a conceirge at the hotel to help get reservations to restaurants. Heater in room did not work. Shower head was placed in middle of shower, so everytime you turned on the shower you got your head wet. I know that hotels in NYC are more expensive and smaller, but this did not have any ammenities. They had a very small workout area with a treadmill. No restaurant, only a bar which looked nice. We, however did not use it, but a couple with us did and said the drinks were way over- priced.I was not impressed with the hotels remodel. It seems like they remodeled parts of the rooms like the showers, but left other area the same. The hallway areas have a outdated feel to them along with the elevators.	
Dec 18 2007 	Wonderful hotel great location!	We took a girls trip to NYC to see the holiday lights and do some shopping. The Empire Hotel was a delightful surprise and added to a fabulous weekend getaway. With 4 women staying in one room we managed quite well considering the room size, and most importantly, the bathroom size. We had room to hang our coats in the closet and leave our luggage on the floor under the desk. We had a great view of the tree at the Lincoln Center and slept very well, quiet room and amazing beds! Yes the bathrooms are small and there's no place to hang your towel or lay out your cosmetics, but we made due. The free breakfast was perfect for us, juice, coffee, bagels, granola and yogurt, and plenty of places to sit to eat. The staff was very friendly and quick at getting cabs for us and car service to the airport. I'd highly recommend this hotel while they're still offering introductory rates.	
Dec 17 2007	A wonderful surprise!	There are a thousand hotels to pick from in New York City. We had never been but decided on the Empire due to its proximity to everything and its classic look. What a wonderful hotel! From the curteous and informative staff at the front door, always could find you a cab quick, to the friendy bar staff and cleaning personal. Perfect. But the best part - the bed! I have never slept on a bed so comfortable, ever, and after full days of walking the streets of New York, you could not ask for anything better. Close to all shopping and attractions, very clean (small, like all NY hotels), great service and amenities. Would definitely book here again - would not even consider another hotel. Thanks for the perfect place to stay!	
Dec 14 2007 	The Empire Strikes Back!	Ok not an original title, but what a nice surprise this hotel turned out to be. We booked through Quickbooks, and ended up with a really nice room with a view overlooking the tree at Lincoln Center. The staff was great, the place was clean and lovely, and the location on the upper west side (without being too far up) was perfect. Nice towels, nice sheets, plasma tv. My only quibble - they need to put a few hooks in the rooms. I know they are going for the minimalist, clean look, but there were a few easy places where they could have used a hook (or two, or TEN..). Anyway, there was no place to even hang a towel up, so it was impossible to reuse a towel. And we were there for three days, so we ended up getting fresh towels each day. Just wasteful. Hopefully they will figure that out.	
Dec 13 2007 	Funky hotel well located	After doing a bit a research on trip advisor I'm glad we picked this hotel. Its not easy finding a good hotel in NY and no matter what the rooms are going to be small - so expect this before you go and you won't be disappointed.Loved our stay at the Empire and would definately recommend. Here are some highlights:- Impressive lobby - botique hotel feel- Funky ground floor barm good choice of neutral colours and candle lighting- Nicely decorated rooms - new fittings and furnishings (in Oct07)- Great shower, with strong water pressure and rainfall showerheads- Room was cleaned well and toiletries replenished each day- Good sized flat screen tvs in room- Very comfy bed- Will be great when the restaurant and top floor bar opensLocation- 2min walk to Central Park- approx 15min walk to Times Square or only about US$7 in a cabNot so happy about...- Rooms are small, but it is NYC. This is compensated by the fact they are nicely decorated - but it was a bit annoying that there was barely enough room for 1 suitcase let alone 2- Designed bathrooms are nice now, but they lack some functionality - eg sink plug drains poorly.- Continental breakfast a little on the stingy side, lets them down a little- Blonde waitress in the bar seemed more interested in flirting with the barmen then serving customers!Tips- Don't miss checking out the nearby Time Warner buildings- Love the buffallo wings at TGIs- Had a fantastic meal at Gordon Ramsey's Maze restaurant- Found a great place in Soho called Nolita House restaurant, 47 East Houston St- great food, cheese plates and wines- Catch the free Staten Island ferry and you'll get to see the Statue of Liberty (don't get on one of the overpriced tourist boats, that go out to the Statue then come back - unless u want to get off - but personally don't think there is much more to see)- take a ride in central park on one of the horse drawn carriages, i know its touristy but oh so good.	
Dec 11 2007 	Would go back tomorrow!	This has to be one of the best hotels my husband and I have stayed in. We've just returned after a 4 night stay at the Empire for our anniversary. We booked a standard queen room but when we arrived we were upgraded to a superior 2 double bed at no extra charge. The only reason I can think this happened was that I had emailed about a week before we were due to arrive to ask if the room had a hairdryer and explained we were there for our anniversary. Maybe it was a good will gesture but whatever the reason we weren't complaining. The room had quite sufficient storage for our 4 nights stay although we could've done with a few more coat hangers. The beds were extremely comfortable with 4 pillows that you could melt into. We had a slight problem with the heating in our room making it too hot to sleep, so we rang down to reception (at 1am) and an engineer was fixing it within 5 minutes! He explained all the controls to us and it worked perfectly for the remainder of our stay.The shower was fab! There were 2 controls meaning you could have the water coming from the shower head on the ceiling or the hand held one or both. There was a knack to getting the shower to the right temperature without getting wet but once we'd worked this out it was plain sailing. They'd provided shampoo, conditioner, shower gel, soap(s), body lotion, shower cap and even an &quot;everything&quot; kit. The only thing I didn't like was the design of the basin. It was quite shallow and there wasnt much room to get your hands under the tap but thats just me being fussy.We loved the large flat screen tv which had an adequate choice of free channels. There was a safe in the room but as has been previously pointed out it wasn't bolted down. The mini bar contained everything you could want (at a price of course) and other extras were available on a tray but a bit pricey for us so we chose not to indulge. There were bath robes, a hairdryer and even a newspaper hung on the bedroom door in the mornings but it could've done with having tea/coffee making facilities. Being a Brit I love my tea and finding a good cuppa in New York proved to be the hardest challenge of all. The maid service was excellent, A+ !!! Our room was attended to at least twice a day and if you don't want to be disturbed you simply put the magnetic &quot;Do not disturb&quot; sign on your door. We found all the staff to be friendly and extremely efficient. The doormen would rush to open the door, had impeccable manners and were very helpful for giving directions and suggestions on places to go. Breakfast was OK. Cutlery, crockery etc would run out now and again but it wouldnt be long before more arrived. It's a basic buffet breakfast menu but quite adequate for us.The roof top pool hasn't been completed yet so we weren't able to experience that. It does say on the website &quot;coming soon&quot; about certain facilities of the hotel so we werent totally disappointed in all honesty. The hotel is located across the street from the Lincoln Centre and the nearest subway which is the no.1 line. From there it's only a few stops downtown to Times Square where you can connect to a few other lines, including to Grand Central Station. The hotel is also within a short walking distance of Central Park.We would definitely recommend the Empire Hotel to anyone wanting to stay on the West Side of Manhattan and we'd most certainly stay there again.	
Dec 9 2007 	Very pleasant stay	My hubby found an excellent last minute deal for a room at this hotel when we were in New York in October. We only stayed for one night, checking in about 2am, and had excellent experiences with the staff, had a very quick checkin, were given a lovely large room, and they helped us find a 24 hour delivery place (and brought the delivery man straight up with an escort) because I was STARVING!  The room had been opulently remodeled. The sound proofing wasn't fool proof, since we could hear our neighbors loudly enjoying their evening, but it was a gorgeous set up, and I really enjoyed the ipod speakers that you could put your ipod in and set up as an alarm clock (I know they're becoming more common, but I'd never seen one before).  The bathroom was completely tiny, they had done a cute way of remodeling it so that it was Asian style with a wooden platform, but that wasn't too comfortable. Fantastic location, right by the park, short trip to Times Square.	
Dec 3 2007 	"Boutique" frosting can't hide old hotel	The Empire was a down in the heels hotel in a great location...steps from Lincoln Center and Central Park West . It was closed for several years as the owners considered a condo conversion and has reopened this year with a great sexy lobby, groomed staff and high rates. The problems begin when you get into the room. This was clearly a cheap conversion -- Frette sheets can't cover the big problems ..cheap storm windows that rattle all night, plumbing and heat that don't work , elevators that break down, no real closets in many of the rooms. The staff could use some customer service training..when told at check-out there was no heat all night the desk personnel snapped..&quot;Tthey eventually fixed it, right?&quot; It would be a great stay at half the price, but they are pricing themselves on par with the nearby Mandarin and Trump -- charging for luxury that they don't have.	
Dec 1 2007 	New Great Location Great Bed	My husband and I stayed 6 nights in late October/ early November 2007 at the Empire Hotel. The hotel was being renovated so some of the amenities were not available. The restaurant and the fitness center were not available during our stay. Be sure to check what is available before you book if you are planning to use the amenities at the hotel. First of all, we enjoyed our stay at this hotel. There were a lot of pluses and minuses. First the pluses: most everything is new. The bed and the pillows were very comfortable. The linens were soft and clean. The shower was unique. It was spa inspired with a “red wood decking” type shower mat. The shower head was installed on the ceiling so if you are tall, like my husband, you will not need to hunch over to wash the top of your head. Flatscreen 32’ TV was nice. The room was very clean. Housekeeping did an excellent job cleaning the room everyday. There was a lot of fresh fruit available at breakfast and at the front desk. The location is excellent - Upper West side close to Central Park and Lincoln Center. Now the negatives: I had requested a relatively quiet room when I made the reservation. I know – it’s Manhattan with lots of cars and buses – I just didn’t want to be by an ice machine, elevator or some machinery that hums all night long. Guest what? They put us toward the back of the hotel where there were HVACs and all sorts of fans below. Something hummed all night. It wasn’t too bad so I didn’t ask for another room. It would have been a big hassle to move. We did fly in 6am and front desk allow us check in early when we arrived at the hotel. We even had breakfast. We were extremely grateful for the early check in.We had a standard queen room. The room was small but barely larger enough for two. The closet was very small. It measured 24 inches wide, in which the hotel jammed a small mini-bar refrigerator. Now where should I put my shoes? There was very little storage space for my belongings. There was a small chest of drawers with two small drawers. The two night stands each had a small and very shallow drawer. There was also an in-room safe. I don’t know how safe it was because it was not bolted down. Someone can easily carried it off. To make sure the hotel can generate additional revenues (on top of the mini-bar); they placed a tray of goodies on the desk of our room and took away much needed space. The heating was controlled by the hotel. We couldn’t adjust the temperature or turn it off. The bedding included a nice thick down comforter and a light fleece throw at the foot of the bed. The problem was that the down comforter was much too heavy for a room that was about 70 degrees. The light fleece throw was the only alternative available. The hotel did not have a lighter blanket. The light fleece throw was not a blanket so it didn’t cover the bed or us adequately. Be aware that the Air Conditioner was a large wall unit.Although the shower was great, I always got wet turning on the shower because I had to step in before I can turn on the water.The hotel staff ranged from being helpful and friendly to somewhat unprofessional. The bellman that greeted us and helped us when we checked in was very helpful, professional, and just great. However, during the rest of our stay, we often found the bellmen/doormen socializing with one another. The front desk needs some improvement in customer service.  We checked our account on our TV the morning of our departure and found we were overcharged. The hotel imposed a $1.50 per room per night charge called “unit tax.” We booked our stay on the hotel’s web page and it gave us the daily rates plus ALL applicable taxes and fees. There was no $1.50 per night unit tax. We didn’t want to argue because we didn’t want to hassle with it.When I return to Manhattan, I may or may not return to this hotel. Again, we enjoyed our stay in spite of the problems. Perhaps it was the City or perhaps it is because the hotel just opened. You can feel the “vibe” that they put a lot of thought into the renovation and hopefully they can work out the negatives. Oh – I have a great restaurant recommendation. Jean-George. It is located in the Trump Tower in proximity to Empire Hotel. The food service was excellent plus. Although it was expensive, it was well worth it given the food and the service and the location. Don’t miss it. Also, go for the formal restaurant. The informal has a different menu and kitchen. I would go back tomorrow, if I could. Oh – another thing - don’t miss Carnigie Hall – beautiful historical place with great acoustics and the best performers. A city that never sleeps… We loved Manhattan!	
Nov 28 2007 	Stay Here!	Beautiful hotel. Ours was the last room on the 9th floor and quite enough space for 3 with our 2 queen beds and bathroom (including tub). No view except of the building next door but we didnt come to look out the window so who cares? The maid service was perfect and the bellman were very, very helpful. Would definitely recommend a stay there. The only downside was the design of the bathroom. The showerhead was some artsy thing that could be used on the wall or as a hand held but it was not practical and when positioned on the wall sprayed water onto the towels (the rack was INSIDE THE SHOWER???) and into the floor because the shower doors had no caulking. Maybe I am just inept at using highclass showers, I dunno. Other than that little inconvenience every day, our stay was superb! Right across the street from the Lincoln Center and 1.5 blocks to the Thanksgiving Day Parade Route so we arrived early and got an excellent viewing location of the parade!(PS: Starbucks is right around the corner)	
Nov 21 2007 	Really nice hotel - let down by the air conditioning however	We enjoyed our stay. Great staff really friendly and helpful. The bell boys are really good for getting taxi's to the airport at excellent rates. The room was small but very comfortable and very clean and the shower was great. The location is brilliant and there is a fantastic mexican restaurant next door.The hotel bar is very nice - very well decorated and a nice chilled out atmosphere.I would have given this hotel 5 out of 5 except for the fact that it does not have central air conditioning. there is a air con unit in the room but it is very very noisy. The hotel was really hot so we had to keep putting it on and it kept us awake. Its a shame they did not put air con in as the they have clearly spent a lot of money doing the hotel up and I think they made a big mistake by not putting centralised air con in as it does prevent it from being up there with the best hotels in New York. That was my only complaint though - other than that it was great.I would skip the free breakfast and go to the red diner down the road - very nice breakfast there!	
Nov 17 2007	Be prepared to pay at the Empire!	The hotel is very nice, but the rooms are small and the decor is dark. A word of warning to those who book this facility on Hotwire: The &quot;hotwire rooms&quot; are corner rooms that are about the size of a large walk in closet. If you book through Hotwire they will put you in one of these rooms, and if you insist on having a place to put your luggage, an outlet to plug your computer into, and the ability to enter the shower without banging your head on the bathroom door, you will be charged and &quot;upgrade.&quot; The upgrade room is still rather small, even by NYC standards.That being said the breakfast bar is exquisite, the location is great, and the service is terrific. The lobby is a well designed place to meet up with friends or business associates. The bar is expensive, but very nice and like all public spaces in New York, smoke-free. Lincoln Center is just steps away. I came for business and found it convenient, clean, and hassle-free, aside from the initial bother of having to change rooms and pay the upgrade fee.	
Nov 16 2007 	Not a good decision	I stayed here on 11/14/07 in a mini suite. Rate was pretty high ($650 + $100 or so extras in tax). On the plus side: great location, good looking rooms, nice (huge) flat screen TV. Room was clean and bed/sheets excellent.On the negative side: no hot water (they came to fix it and said it was fixed, but the water was only tepid: they indicated this was the best they could do). It is definitely a dissapointment to spend $750 on a hotel room and not be able to take a shower or shave in the morning.Also: bathroom sink clogged up (could not fix it). No mini bar (just a basket of expensive wine and snacks). No room service. Bathroom shower was small and very low end. Room heat/air controls are window units (ancient) and marginally effective. It looked to me like the hotel kind of half upgraded from the 70s. The surfaces were nice; anything below that was ignored.I would stay away.	
Nov 16 2007 	Empire was a great choice	Just got back from 4 nights at the Empire Hotel booked thru hotels.com. The location is central, near stores, park and transit and as our plans included a variety of things this was key.The staff were friendly and helpful at all times.The lobby is beautiful with furninshings that are very dramatic. The room, while small was beautifully decorated and tho' the bathroom is very small we each had a shelf to lay our toiletries and by putting a towel in the square sink, had a countertop to lay our makeup out as we put it on.As I'd done some research, I knew the rooms were small and therefore advised my 2 companions to pack 'compactly'. This helped.Downside: Skip the breakfast. The presentation is not appealing and there is no place to really sit and eat. We walked up Columbus to Elite Cafe each morning for a terrific meal with great service.Don't touch the minibar as the prices are out of sight.Sometimes they knock to make up your room at 8am or you can find them in your room at 5:30p which I found very inconvenient.All in all, I'd stay in the Empire again as I felt very comfortable in the location.	
Nov 14 2007 	Small rooms and arrogant front desk	My boyfriend and I are just back from a 1 night stay at the Empire Hotel. We stopped here in transit on our way home. We've stayed in NYC about 20 times in the past 6 years. The pros:Rooms were gorgeous. Everything was new. Great location. Great attention to detail. Little things like the desk having small amenities you can purchase such as candles, travel size toiletries, chocolates, nice cheese in the mini bar, bottle of wine. Obviously setup for romance. Flats screen TV was lovely though too big for the room. The wooden floor of the shower was a nice touch. The shower itself was gorgeous. The towels were soft, fluffy and felt brand new. The bed was fabulous - comfortable to the point where you didn't want to get out of it in the morning. Eugene, one of the door men was fantastic. Very friendly, great advise on restaurants and pubs. The cons:The rooms are tiny, even by NYC standards. If you are staying in this room alone, it might not be too bad. It's too small for 2 people. There's no room for any of your stuff - suitcases, etc. We were literally tripping over each other to the point where we were getting annoyed. Bathrobes were nice but where are you to put them when not wearing them? In the tiny, tiny closet? There's certainly no hooks for them. We ended up putting them in the corner of the room on the floor. The room is smaller than you can imagine. Front desk - Although they are very well dressed and groomed, they are arrogant and rude. No &quot;welcome to the hotel&quot;. No &quot;how was your stay&quot;. No &quot;let us know if we can do anything for you&quot;. The blond at the front desk was particularly arrogant. He barely spoke 10 words to us during check in and checkout. Bartender - again, not the friendliest. I was particularly annoyed when paying with a $20 bill for $14 worth of drinks, I was given back all 1s....obviously in the hopes that I'd leave a bigger tip. That trick didn't work with me.It's a shame,because this could have been an excellent hotel - Skimping on the rooms size was a huge mistake in our eyes. If the rooms were bigger and the staff not so arrogant, I'd of given this hotel an excellent rating. I am glad we were only there for 1 night because 2 nights would have been more than I could handle.	
Nov 14 2007 	Major Disappointment	This was my 5th visit to NYC and I can only say that the Empire was a major disappointment for the 5 nights my wife and I stayed there in early October, particularly as the place had been refurbished in the last three months and we had paid £250 per night.Positives-Great location next to the 66th st.metro and opera house. Good shopping and central park within a five minute stroll.Excellent seafood/service in the tavern next door.Impressive lobby, good housekeeping. Check in was efficient and all the staff were friendly enough.That I'm afraid is where it ends.Negatives-The lifts were old and rickety(not part of the refit) and once outside in the bedroom corridor(we stayed on the 11th floor) it was like being in an old horror movie, dark brown wallpaper and carpet with low lighting which gave the place a depressing feel. The bedroom was a queen double which was very clean but absolutely tiny even by new york standards as was the wardrobe with virtually no space to hang coats etc. The bathroom was miniscule 6'x4'!! and the walk in shower didn't work. The toilet was also backed up for two days.Probably the most disappointing thing was the buffet breakfast which was served in the communal mezzanine area. It was a scrum each morning to try and find a chair on the landing or in the lobby as there were no specific designated seating area. On the last day they opened up one of the meeting rooms which had three leaks in the ceiling with pots on the floor collecting the water. Good fun dodging these. The lobby bar was trendy and well appointed but beware prices, £4($8) for a small bottle of beer and £6($12) for a small Gin and Tonic.(Get a six pack for $3.95(£2) round the corner).The owners have obviously gone to great expense in the lobby and bar with the refit, shame the rest of the place is not up to scratch for the most part! I spend around 40 nights a year in hotels around the world which I think gives me a little experience of what to expect. This was a Diappointing experience!	
Nov 13 2007 	Think twice	Just got back from New York - It was my first time and it was, as a city every bit exciting as I had hoped! The only dissapointment was the Empire Hotel. This hotel looks lovely from the lobby area which has all been done up and has a very funky bar. Once inside the lifts it takes on a different feel. The lifts are very tatty and numbers difficult to read. Our room was a superior double bedded room - how they ever thought they were going to get two double beds in such a small room and still allow people to have room to get around I will never know. There were two drawers and a tiny wardrobe for our clothes. No power point near a usuable mirror for hairdryer and a shower that leaked all over the tiny bathroom floor that each day was meant to have been fixed. Our room looked out onto Broadway - How exciting I thought until at night you realised there was no double glazing. Every hoot and every toot `could be heard, at one time in the night a truck honked his horn and it sounded like the Queen Mary was coming up the road. As other reviews will tell you the breakfast is not worth sticking around for and nearby there are some great diners.The staff though are lovely and very glad to recommend places to eat and to visit.It is well worth your while to buy your tickets for the empire state building before you get there, it saved us a lot of time. Though there are still a lot of queues, it cuts out the big one. The oyster bar at grand central station was amazing and really good fun at lunch time and we had the best meal at the Spice Market in the meat packing district - book before you go!!	
Nov 2 2007 	Great Hotel Great Location	We stayed at The Empire Hotel for 4 nights from October 3rd 2007. The hotels location on the upper west side is fantastic. Times Square is within walking distance about 15 minutes, and Central Park is just 5 minutes away. It was a lovely neighbourd location but not too far away from the hustle and bustle of 5th Avenue and Times Square. The hotel itself was great, the staff were friendly, the rooms were very comfortable. We upgraded to a superior king and it was well worth it. For a New York hotel we had a very large room and a huge, very comfortable bed! The view was not that great, but you cant have it all!The hotel lobby is great, but the bar is very expensive. I did find that the breakfast service was disapointing for a four star hotel. They offer a free continental breakfast but it seems to be run on a first come first served basis, so get there early or there might not be anything left!The hotels location near to Columbus Avenue is great. We only explored Columbus on the last day and found that it had alot of the shops we wanted, and great places for brunch.Overall we had a fabulous stay, mainly due to getting engaged in Tiffany's! and we recomend the Empire Hotel to other young couple in their late 20's.	
Oct 27 2007 	Great Hotel 	The Empire Hotel has a great location, the bar &amp; lobby area have a good vibe, it's quiet and the staff is very accommodating and nice. The complimentary breakfast is not the best, but whatever. The location by Lincoln Center &amp; Central Park is amazing.True the rooms are small, but also stylish and the shower is very cool. We'll be back. the one drawback is that they are still renovating to offer a restuarant - spa &amp; roof pool...so in the future it should be even better.Around the corner is an extremely expensive (like most of the city) Mexican restuarant, Rosas. Amazingly good food that is not your typical.	
Oct 26 2007 	5 nights	I really enjoyed this hotel. It is a large scale boutique hotel complete with frette sheets and bath robes. It is recently renovated and has some infrastructure problems (AC, elevator, hot water) but rooms are nicely laid out, beds are very comfortable, the smalls bathrooms are well appointed, and showers are very nice. Doormen were very helpful, reception staff was generally pleasant and management was great. Location is unbeatable. Across from Lincoln Center, a few blocks north of Columbus Circle and close to Central Park. Near the subway lines and major taxi routes. Pricey, but what isn't in NYC.	
Oct 11 2007 	Hotel not bad but skip the breakfast....	We encountered several problems during our stay at the newly renovated Empire. For example, the roof of our room started leaking, then the plaster gave way to a torrent of water. We were moved to another room, but were not given any compensation for our (significant) trouble. The staff was very friendly and efficient, however.Breakfast was another problem. The continental style breakfast is fine, and is included in the room rate, but they regularly ran out of a) cutlery b) plates and bowels and c) coffee. It was amusing to watch guests drink milk from bowels or butter croissants with pens. Every now and then a few spoons would appear, which would be quickly pounced on. We finally gave up and just went to the Starbucks next door. Unfortunately, the efficiency of the hotel staff did not extend to the breakfast room.	
Oct 8 2007 	Very pleased at the Empire...	We stayed at the Empire Hotel this past weekend and were very pleased with everything. The hotel itself is beautifully decorated - very modern and chic. The service was great - the bell hop staff was very helpful and accommodating. Our room was small, but what do you expect in NYC? The decor in the room was trendy and they did a nice job utilizing the space. You couldn't ask for a better location. We weren't looking for the crazy, Time Square location, so this proved to be perfect. You are steps away from Lincoln Center and Central Park. Overall I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone looking to stay in this area of Manhattan. We would definitely go back!!	
Oct 5 2007 	Relaxing at the Empire	My first time at this Upper West Side hotel. I was only in NYC for one night after flying in from Europe, and going straight to meetings so I was looking for somewhere quieter than Midtown for a good nights sleep.The hotel was great - the staff were attentive, but not overly so. The decor in the lobby/bar area is very kitsch, but nicely done, and the room was on the small side, but was adequate for the price in this area of town.The room decor was fantastic, and I particularly liked the shower with the wooden non-slip mat. Another nice touch was the iPod clock/radio in the room.Would recommend to any single travellers (rooms could be too small for a couple).	
Oct 3 2007 	Great hotel for lower Central Park West		
Oct 3 2007	Fab-tastic!		
Sep 28 2007 	Nice Look but lacking atmosphere		
Sep 27 2007 	Chic but Friendly		
Sep 27 2007 	Excellent Hotel and Staff		
Sep 25 2007	cool decor but tiny rooms!		
Sep 22 2007 	I must have stayed in a different hotel		
Sep 20 2007 	Nice staff ultra-small rooms no closet!		
Sep 19 2007 	Not recommended		
Sep 13 2007	Loved Stay Will Return		
Sep 13 2007	Zentral schön aber leider laut.		
Nov 17 2009 	hmmm zozo		
Nov 1 2009 	a N.Y. sempre e solo Empire!		
Oct 17 2009 	????SATC???????????????????????		
Oct 8 2009 	fashion hotel vicino a central park		
Sep 28 2009 	Cooles Hotel		
Sep 16 2009 	Gutes Hotel in Top Lage		
Sep 11 2009 	?????		
Aug 26 2009 	Heel mooi!		
Aug 14 2009 	????????		
Jul 24 2009 	Bel hôtel à recommander!		
Jul 18 2009 	Stylish und sauber aber eher ein Partyclub als ein Hotel!		
Jul 18 2009 	Sehr schönes NY Hotel mittem im Zentrum		
Jun 17 2009 	Hotel molto confortevole		
Jun 17 2009 	Meglio la volta precedente...		
Mar 18 2009 	Il nostro Hotel ideale a NY!		
Jan 29 2009 	Super séjour!		
Jan 20 2009 	Ottima Scelta		
Jan 16 2009 	No vale lo que cuesta		
Jan 6 2009 	MET?NY????????????		
Dec 29 2008 	Très bon hôtel		
Dec 16 2008 	Perfekt		
Nov 4 2008 	Bon rapport qualité/prix pour New York		
Oct 30 2008 	Super Lage gutes Preis-/Leistungsverhältnis		
Oct 27 2008 	Buono		
Oct 26 2008 	Categoria excesiva. Habitaciones pequeñas		
Oct 7 2008 	ottimo hotel		
Sep 1 2008 	Perfekte Lage mitten in New York wirklich zu empfehlen!		
Aug 27 2008 	très bien		
Aug 25 2008 	Mejor de lo que ya me esperaba		
Aug 19 2008 	Top-Hotel für NY-Verhältnisse		
Jul 2 2008 	Hervorragendes Ambiente mit 1A Service		
