	Skyline adds Sparkle to Manhattan...Fabulous Stay!	You know that feeling when you are about to leave home to go somewhere exciting and you're hoping that the hotel you have booked turns out to be amazing? My wish came true. Skyline is more like a 4 1/2 to 5 star hotel. The suites are divine...&quot; a home away from home&quot;. There is soooo much space in the rooms, and they are super clean. The bed is very comfy. The hotel staff...from the doorman, reception service to the cleaning service is very friendly and professional. Our suite was very impressive and the view was breathtaking... especially in the evening with the manhattan skyline. Location is central. You can walk to the theater district, times square and cabs/subway are very accesible. There is a choice or restaurants or delis nearby. Overall...I had an amazing stay in Manhattan thanks to Skyline Hotel. &quot;It's a home away from home and truelly a hidden Gem&quot;. I would stay here again in a heartbeat!	
	Great Except for One Caution	The caution: don't pay for parking twice! They fail to tell you that you've already paid for parking when you check out. I didn't notice the item on our bill until days after we returned home. Otherwise, the place is convenient, clean, including the room, common areas, restaurant, pool, etc.. Our room included a large screen TV, nice desk chair and fridge. Staff is friendly although the concierge seemed a bit stand-offish. Overall, well worth the price and we plan to stay there again. Oh - and it doesn't look like much from the outside, but the inside has obviously been redone.	
	Fantastic Room	I paid €120 euro per night for the room (www.getaroom.com think!) including all taxes for a delux room, said to have 1 double bed on the booking. I was checked in by a frienly lady, and given a room on the 3rd floor.To my supprise the room was huge, with 2 double beds with lots of room between and around, a large flat screen tv, smallish but very clean bathroom, with larg vanity / dressing area out side the bathroom. there was also small storage room for cases, which has a safe, iron and ironing board. The view was of a garage at the rear of the hotel but there was no noise and plenty to see in NY centre so that was not a problem for me! The room had Black out blinds so i slept very well in the comfortable bed.The room was spotless, a little creamy in decor colour for my liking but had been refurbished in the last few years id say.I didn't use the pool or the bar but the bar and food area/ resturant looked nice, bar was quiet so every evening i made the 10min brisk walk to Time Square.48th, 49, or 50 th street takes you to Time sq directly, but i found 48th and 49th a bit dark for walking at night and they are small enough and poorly light when you on your own at night (but didn't have any problems), i prefered to walk 50th at night as it is much wider and well light.I found the hotel a bit from time sq considering i did a lot of walking in NY and my feet were tired, there is no subway station near (that i could find). But this is the only very minor issue, and considering previous holes i stayed in in NY this hotel is a pallace!I would definatly stay again, it was a great find as NY can be dodgie when it comes to hotels. its a safe bet.enjoy NYStehen	
	Nice hotel very rude valet unconcerned bellhop	The hotel room was nice, clean, and large. The room in which we booked was a double, with nice comfortable beds. The restaurant was reasonably priced and came with large portions. The valet staff was very rude from the time of entrance to check out. Also, it is highly advisable that if you wish to obtain something out of your car in the middle of your stay that you actually get it out upon arriving. Although the valet price was $10, I would much rather pay more for better service and less rudeness (we've stayed at alot of big hotels around the US and not experienced this much rudeness ever until now). A major note....if you book the hotel online and need to make a modification you will have to call during the weekday to make any changes..it is better if you call the 800 number provided on the website instead of booking online. Other things aside , the hotel is a nice place to stay.	
	Excellent Value	We just returned from our trip to NYC for Thanksgiving and 5 very good nights at the Skyline Hotel. We had lodging plans made earlier fall through which left me looking for 2 rooms for 4 adults and 1 4-yr old at the last minute at a rate that wouldn't bankrupt me. I found the Skyline and after reading the reviews here booked the rooms and crossed my fingers. As soon as we stepped in the lobby, I knew it was going to be OK. Check in was quick and efficient and we received rooms well in advance of the check in time. The Lobby and the trip to the elevator had an art deco feel going back to when hotels really were a treat. A couple of days after our arrival we returned to see Holiday decorations out all though the lobby making it just sparkle. It was very nice. The rooms were large with king bed, a pullout sofa, a desk, an armoire with drawers and which hid a small refrigerator, a vanity counter with hair dyer and still room for my 4 yr old granddaughter to have room to play. The bathroom was nothing speical but completely adequate with nice towels. Both rooms were spotless the day we checked in, the carpet was still a little damp from the steam cleaning and for the most part housekeeping duiring the week was acceptable. Our plastic wrapped glasses were never replenished the whole time in either room and if a cup was left with something in it, it was not disposed of. These were minor, but still enough to make it just less than &quot;very good&quot;We are pretty low maintenance after we check in somewhere so we didn't need the Concierge or any help except for a small maintenance issue on the AC unit in one of the rooms and it was fixed. The staff was friendly and pleasant each time we came into contact with them. The older lady who worked in the gift shop was a jewel. The restaurant did not seem to be one of their stand-outs, we only ate once and that was for breakfast the day we left, we were just going to order off the menu but were encouraged to do the buffet which was out of just about everything and by the time they got it refilled we had to go. Everyone appeared to blame someone else and the fact that they go ahead and stick on the gratuity kind of rubbed me the wrong way. It was mostly empty and with so much good food around I cant see much of a reason to choose it. There was a bar we had drinks a couple of nights, it was pretty dead but we were not looking for big party just someplace quiet to end up the evening and that is what we got. As far as food in the neighborhood, too many good little pizzerias to mention. The City Lights Diner and the Renaissance Diner were stand outs.	
	Great value in Midtown	We reserved a deluxe queen room which was in the newer part of the hotel in back. The room was very large for NYC standards and recently renovated. We had room 646 which faced north. If you want a better view, ask for a south facing room (I think they ended in _34 to _41) or some thing like that. You can't tell the difference between these rooms and a decent Marriott or nice Holiday Inn -- except in the wallet. The $10 parking and indoor pool (an extreme rarity) are icing on the cake. I liked that it was off the beaten path. We got to see how real Manhattanites live and the restaurants aren't tourist traps. There are many, many restaurant choices in the Hell's Kitchen area, most casual and reasonably priced, and most deliver. Empanada Mama's was great. I think we'll be staying here every time we come back.	
	Loved the Skyline Hotel?	We just stayed at the Skyline for Thanksgiving. It had everything we needed for our family of 4 (kids age 8 &amp; 10). They loved the pool, and so did we! Our room had a nice view of the city and the beds were comfortable. They had nice plasma TVs but no HD service as far as I could tell. Staff was always friendly and helpful. Bis. Co. Latte at 47th &amp; 10th was a great place for morning coffee, biscotti and fresh fruit. Just about everything required walking over to 7th, 8th or 9th avenue, but we like walking in the city so it was no big deal. Many subway lines stop around 50th &amp; 8th. Taxi was about $32 each way from LGA.From what I can remember, the WiFi was $10/1 day, $25/3 days, $35/5 days, or $40/month.We booked through getaroom.com and got a great deal. While other hotels were over $250/nt for Thanksgiving week, we got the Skyline for about $160. Great hotel overall!	
Nov 22 2009 	What a wonderful surprise	I made reservations at the Skyline based on reviews on Trip Advisor. Since it was $199/night in NYC, my expectations were really low. Between the time we made our reservations and our visit, the hotel had a sale. I mentioned this on check in and we got the sale price. Then I mentioned that we were in NYC to celebrate my daughter's birthday, and we got upgraded to a suite. On top of that, parking is only $10 a day (plus extra for the time you stay past check out).The room was huge by New York standards, clean, and decorated ok. My husband thought the hotel room was nicer than the one he stayed at in a more expensive hotel when in NYC on a business trip. The location is walking distance from some sites like Times Square and American Girl Place, and we were able to take the subway to other sites. The hotel is very close to a ton of good restaurants on 9th Street. We got a pretty cheap breakfast every morning from the deli across the street.I would definitely stay there again - even without the sale or the upgrade. We had a great weekend! Needless to say, my expectations were exceeded.	
Nov 21 2009 	Perfectly Located large rooms comfy beds !!	My friend and I stayed at the Skyline hotel from the 12th November - 16th November, it was faberooney ! The room was very spacious, with 2 queen size beds in it which were really comfortable ! The staff very friendly. We did not eat in the hotel, across the street the Deli on the corner was excellent for hot drinks and homemade food.There was a little bit of noise from the outside, but you are sooo tired you really don't realise LOLYellow cab from airport was about $65.Would reccommend ideally located near times square.	
Nov 17 2009 	Excellent Choice	We just came back from a long weekend New York staying at the Skyline hotel. As a Hotel ( Sales Director ) I can highly recommend this hotel for people that want excellent value for their money. The hotel is idealy located in a reasonable quit surrounding for New York, altough very close (walking distance ) to Times square, the Hop -on/of bus, shops, etc,... . The hotel might not look very attractive from the outside, but the insight is nice and has all you need. The room we booked ( Queen Double ) was very spacious with comfortable and large beds.	
Nov 5 2009 	Great Find	My wife and I stayed at the Skyline the night before we left NYC for a seven night cruise. The location of the hotel in relation to the pier was perfect. The $10 a night parking seemed too good to be true but it was. Our car was in perfect condition upon check-out. The check-in process was very easy and the young man at the desk, Tyrone, was very professional and friendly. Our room was large, very clean and well appointed. The beds were comfortable and the bathroom was huge as it was handicapped accessible. As owners of a small motel ourselves we are very picky when it comes to cleanliness and the Skyline passed with flying colors. Would highly recommend this hotel and for less then $300 it might be considered a bargain for the city.	
Nov 2 2009 	Quiet Location Friendly Staff	We found the hotel on Trip Advisor after reading a lot of reviews of New York Hotels . What a pleasant surprise - the Hotel was within easy walking distance of Time Square and all the shops, but in a quiet location. Very clean with friendly staff. The pool was an added bonus for my 2 younger teenage grand-daughters who we were treating to the short break in New York on a trip from England. The staff were very helpful and pleasant, the Bell Captain was especially helpful, he handled all the Bags for us, and found taxis when we needed them.	
Oct 27 2009 	Clean Good location 	We were not expecting to have such a big room, clean and with such a friendly staff, was walking distance from times square, columbus circle, central park, hells kitchen, the subway station, etc. the only thing that we didnt like was the pillows and that you can hear the people staying next doors conversation, but thats insignificant when you enjoy everything else at the hotel	
Oct 12 2009 	Great Location but not sure it's worth the price	I'm becoming convinced that there are no value hotels in all of NYC. I spent $300 for what was advertised thusly: &quot;King executive with seating area.&quot; What I got was 2 Queen beds and 2 chairs to sit in. I didn't have time to complain, so I just accepted it - at least it was bigger than the closets I've stayed in elsewhere. It was about 5 blocks from Times Square. We walked to a show, then got a cab back. There were a lot of shops and restaurants just one block away on 9th avenue, not so many on 10th where the hotel is. The neighborhood is Hells Kitchen.The place is old, but the decor is acceptable, the carpets seem almost new, and the place was very clean. The mattress was lumpy, but good enough for me to get a good night's sleep.We didn't eat in the restaurant, but checked out the menu which looked adequate, and the prices were not too bad.Check in went smoothly and the staff was friendly. My key cards failed the first time around and then again later so I had to walk back down to the desk to get my cards re-keyed.One thing this hotel was missing that I think should be available is a door man to help with luggage and cabs, and there was none. I had to bring my luggage all the way indoors before they offered help. And I had to hail my own cabs. Not a real inconvenience, but I emjoy the luxury of having someone else do that for me.I noticed that a concierge was on duty every time I was in the lobby, including midnight.I didn't bring my computer, but noticed they did have wi-fi. It wasn't free however. I just feel that at $300 a night they can afford to give you the internet for free.Will I stay there again? Probably not. I'm still in search of a good hotel with rates that won't break me.	
Oct 10 2009 	Great stay for first time visit to New York	We stayed at the Skyline as part of a Cosmos Bus Tour across the States. We stayed five nights and found the hotel to be just what we wanted. The service was average, but didn't experience any bad service so that was OK. The room was nice and spacious, with room for two people to spread their luggage out. The bathroom was bigger than expected, and was clean and tidy. We were expecting it to be way out of the way, but were pleasantly surprised at its central location. Was only a few blocks away from Times Square and Subway stations to get you to the rest of Manhattan. The pool was great, with some nice views of the skyline from the 10th floor. Didn't use the restaurant as we read some reviews here and decided to experience as much of New York as possible. The diner down the road (Citylights Diner) was absolutely the best place for breakfast. Its just a couple of blocks away and had very cheap, very good food available. I would certainly stay here again when I return to New York.	
Oct 8 2009 	Clean and quiet	We received a really good deal on this hotel. For the money it was very clean and we had a great night sleep after hours and hours of waliking in the city. Would recommend	
Sep 26 2009 	Great Value good location Friendly Helpful Staff!	We stayed for a whole week at the Skyline and must say the Beds are some of the most comfortable beds we've ever slept in. And Comfy pillows too !The Staff were very helpful and pleasant which always makes a big difference.	
Sep 23 2009	superb stay	we came to nyc for a wedding for a 5 night stay we booked a twin room with single beds (to keep costs down). when my daughter and i arrived we were told that we had been upgraded to a larger room with two queen size beds! everything about the hotel was great friendly staff,clean rooms ,nice pool, and a good location (only 10/15 mins stroll to times square,central park etc) great neighbourhood plenty of deli's ,diners, restaurants etcwill definitely stay there again!!	
Sep 18 2009 	A bit out of the way / second Rate Hotel - but OK	Just spend 3 nights with my wife there on a 3 day trip to NYC.I would describe it as a 2 star hotel which has seen better days years ago. Old fashioned decor throughout which dates it back to the 50's. Bar was dark and dismall. Swimming pool was ok - it i a plus for staying here - but it has limited opening hours....and is also a bot old....It is 15 minute slow walk out of the main drag of Times Square etc - and the area it is located in - is not particularly nice at all - but safe ish now ( A drunk prostitute was seen by me entering the bar !!Would I go there again - No.Would I recommend it - only if you can get a cheap deal and expect not to spend any time in the hotel apart from sleeping	
Sep 6 2009 	Nice place in good location	It was a nice place in a good location but that was it. Somewhat clean, bathroom wasn't all that great but was ok. With the price i paid i expected a little better but then it was close to attractions. The conceirge was rude and did not help at all. It was noisy as i had a room above the train track which came out just below my window so was woken at all hours of the night with the noise and hotel shaking from the train. Also was woken by drunk guests coming and going from the night club downstairs of all hours. The morning i left i had to be picked up at 3am by the airport shuttle and was treated rudely by the desk clerk when the shuttle hadn't arrived and i asked if i could call them. She rudely handed the phone over and offered no assistance. Then when a passaby threw up on the outside steps she did not hurry herself to get someone to clean up. 30minutes later when another staff came to clean it up he threw a bucket of water at it and then left it. This was a huge hazard right in the middle of the stairs. Apart from these problems the room itself was ok and location was good considering it was New York. I wouldn't stay there again but then i'm not about to return to NYC anytime soon either as it's a dirty and rude city.	
Aug 25 2009 	Great Stay	Just back from a 5 night stay in the Skyline hotel. The hotel was very clean and the rooms very spacious. We got upgraded as they did not have the original room i booked. The ate in the restaurant and it was fine but for breakfast you can not beat the little deli across the road on the corner of 49th and 10th avenue for a cheap breakfast especially if you have kids.. The rooftop pool was a real bonus in the warm weather and great to let the kids jump into after a busy day. All in all this was a good hotel that i would definitely stay in again and a good price also.	
Aug 19 2009 	Nice Hotel Pleasant Staff Great Stay	Family of four. All adults. Stayed for 6 nights in two Queen suites. . Should have made it longer. The rooms were large and comfortable. The Staff were always helpful. The concierge booked tickets to a play for two of us. We had two cars with our two suites. Cars stayed parked for the entire stay for $10.00 each per day. We were a little concerned about the parking - it is not operated by the Hotel. However, there were no damages, dents or scratches to our cars. The owners of the parking lot do look after the cars in the lot and ensure that access is controlled. The location could have been closer to the action, but for the price of the rooms and the parking - it worked out just fine. ActuallyLots of restaurants nearby. The Amish market at the corner of 9th and 49th is amazing. The Hotel is situated quite close to the Lincoln Tunnel. One word of warning - be careful opening the windows. Rather than opening sideways, one window became unhinged and nearly fell on my son's head from the top down. Fortunately, he caught it in time. It is a no frills hotel - but we liked it and have recommended it to others. We will definitely be returning to the Skyline.	
Aug 14 2009 	Worked out great	Stayed for 3 nights and it worked great. The place was clean, the parking for $10 was great. Ate breakfast twice and it was OK. The walk to Times Sq was easy, 3 or so blocks. I would suggest you walk 49th or 50th, we walked the first time down 51st from 10th and it was not that good. Very quiet while we were there, never heard anyone else.	
Aug 7 2009 	Great Value	This was a nice hotel for any city, but particularly for New York City. And you can't beat $10 a night for parking - just know in advance that for $10 you can NOT take your car out for the entire visit - one in - one out - but that was fine with me.Room was comfortable and clean and the staff was fine, though not top of the line, but better than expected.	
Aug 4 2009 	This was a great hotel spacious and clean rooms.	We found the hotel rooms very spacious and very clean. The beds were queen size and very comfortable. The hotel is within easy walking distance of anywhere we wanted to go, time square, subway, theatre district, etc. We travelled with our 4 teenaged children and had two rooms. We all enjoyed the pool, although would have been nice if it had been opened more hours. I would highly recommend this hotel and would certainly stay again. P Mutter, Calgary Alberta, Canada	
Jul 23 2009 	Excellent location and value	On our recent trip (4th of July) we stayed at the Skyline and truly enjoyed it. We had the King/sleeper sofa room which was a free upgrade from two queens as they did not have that room at the time of checkin. This is an older hotel, but we found it to be well maintained and well run. The room was spacious, beds comfortable. We were on the 7th floor. It was quiet at night, no traffic or street noise. The location is surprisingly convenient to Times Square and the treatre district. We walked to all of our shows and restaurants. The Hell's Kitchen neighborhood is an interesting location, diverse and real. We did not note any safety issues. We wanted to stay in a neighborhood we did not know and this filled the bill. We did not eat in the restaurant or use the garage. My family tends to be a bit slow getting going on vacation, but it was easy for me to run across to the local deli's and get breakfast, which was good and reasonably priced.With this years fireworks over the Hudson we got a bonus. We were only 2-3 blocks from the river and could watch the fireworks from the rooftop. This is not a high end luxury hotel, but it was a nice place to stay, room, comfortable, good location and a good value. I would stay there again.	
Jul 12 2009	Great for tourists	Hotel was booked as part of a city break to New York, family of four adults for 4 nights end of June/beginnng of July. On arrival, we were somewhat concerned to be told by reception that they had no record of our booking (through Virgin Holidays) for one of our two rooms! However they were able to fix up two of our party with an adequate (if small) room for the first night and were then able to give us two adjoining rooms for the remainder of our stay. Both rooms were very spacious and clean with rather noisy (but very effective) air-conditioning. An alarming incident one day was filthy brown water coming from the taps. Obviously the hotel had some ongoing plumbing problems but thankfully this was remedied later that day. Pool was a real bonus - clean with lovely warm water, although the changing rooms were small and very basic. The hotel generally looks rather tired and dated but overall it is well-run, well located and offers good value for money. I would highly recommend it to city-breakers.	
Jul 10 2009 	WOW - exceeded all expectations! Stay location service price food... HOSPITALITY"	I was in New York mid-June and stayed at Skyline for about 5 days. I would HIGHLY recommend it to anyone who is willing to listen :-)))Couple of reasons:- Located in Manhattan, the hotel is reasonably priced and right in the heart of all action- Service is great! The hotel staff is so courteous and very responsive to all requests (I had a request for an adaptor for gadgets from Asia - they didnt have it but promptly sourced one for me)- I am a real foodie and have to tell you that am not a fan of hotel menus usually - it was definitely among the better cuisines I have had :-)- The rooms are very spacious and comfortable - quite a pleasant surprise given the boxy options you get in Manhattan usually.Overall, very nice and great value-for-money!	
Jul 6 2009 	incredible bargain for manhattan	A great price for a spacious, clean room in Manhattan. And the $10 parking helps, too. Outside looks dumpy, but the rooms are nice. Desk service was fine. We'll definitely stay there again.	
Jul 6 2009	Wonderful Expreience	We arrived to a very friendly and organized hotel staff. The rooms were nice and clean and the location is great.	
Jul 3 2009 	Average	Stayed here end of June 2009 for 5 days, ideally located for Broadway shows but a tired hotel with some concerns. Front desk staff are particulaly dis interested and the overall condition of the hotel is poor. The bar area is dead at night. Rooms however are spacious with all the usual facilities except tea and coffee making distinctly lacking. Ice machine in hall, Just an average hotel really, nothing to make me want to go back. Conciege and bell boy helpful though. The pool is ok but is in a poor state of repair. Didint eat here as over priced and plenty of choice in town...recommend the light diner over the road and slightly north of the hotel on 10th Avenue for breakfast, good menu and rapid service.	
Jul 2 2009 	Great for conferences for under 400 out-of-town people	As a meeting planner for a national non-profit organization I found the amenitites and meeting rooms to my liking. The registrants were equally satisfied with the sleeping rooms, speed of elevators and cleanliness of the entire facility. The management was pleasant to work with and make every effort to serve the conference needs and the registrants. We all plan to make this our hotel of choice for personal trips to the city. The restaurant staff was eager to serve as well. The catering rates were reasonable and the food choices and presentations made for happy conference goers.	
Jun 26 2009 	Spacious rooms and in Manhattan	I have stayed in many Manhattan hotels which have shoebox size rooms where you continuously bump into your shadow in the room and with bathrooms the size you would expect to find on a plane. The skyline hotel blows the myth that you cannot find good rooms at a reasonable rate in Manhattan. This hotel is spacious and well insulated so you don’t hear the traffic outside not like some Manhattan hotels. My room was clean and toiletries did not come from the dollar shop what more do you want in the city that never sleeps!	
Jun 24 2009	Comfortable clean value for money	Comfortable large room, but no view. Not too bothered by not having a view since we were out most of the day and evening. Very clean bathroom and facilities. Great beds. Interesting art deco style lobby. Some frosty staff, but others friendly. Didn't eat in the restaurant - went to City Lights Diner for very good breakfasts (turn left out of hotel). Comparatively quiet location. Ten minutes walk from Times Square. Would definitely stay there again. Will store luggage for a small charge. Ask at the concierge desk for transport to the airport which is cheaper than a taxi.	
Jun 23 2009 	Very spacious clean and comfortable rooms	This hotel is unlike any other in NYC - the rooms are very spacious something that is impossible in NYC unless you get a suite.Not only are the rooms large and clean with good bed linen, the staff is courteous and helpful. The location is great for shopping as they have a direct bus service to outlet malls in NYC. The parking is very convenient and has good rates. The hotel is walking distance to Times Square and Broadway.	
Jun 21 2009 	Was OK	The hotel itself was positioned pretty good. Only about a five minute walk to Times Square. Water five minutes to your right. Cheap hot coffe from deli across the road. Laundromat just on the next corner. The staff were ok not overtly helpful. The rooms are average and I mean average. If you are just looking for a bed in a good location it would suit you. Mostly clean. Mostly used for tour groups.	
Jun 16 2009 	The Best Weekend in New York City	This Hotel is so Awsome, the Beds are like sleeping in Clouds with Bed sheets and pillows like the once they have, it's so difficult to get of that bed, we loved it. ThThe Location is even better, so close to everything and also so nice and quiet in the night time, perfect after a night out.	
Jun 16 2009 	Highly Recommend...Best Value for Price	I stayed at the Skyline Hotel for two nights this past weekend and it was a great experience. The hotel staff was nice, the room was large and the bathroom big.The bed and pillows are unbelievable and we are in the process of buying the same as we had the best sleep while staying there.The hotel is central in location (we walked to times square in ten minutes) and has parking, concierge service and will keep your luggage after you check out.I highly recommend the hotel and for the price, cleanliness and comfort it can't be beaten.	
Jun 2 2009 	Great experience great staff!	I was in New York for 3 nights.My second and third nights were at this hotel.I reserved a ''2 twin beds'' room for about 129$, great price.The room was very nice and clean. The only thing was that they forgot to bring a fridge and when I came back from shopping, the one they had brought wasnt working well. When I made my reservation I mentionned that I wanted a view of the city, but they gave me a room with a view on the roofs... not the best. When I called the lobby to ask for a new fridge they decided to transfer me, for the same price, to a ''2 double beds'' room with a view.Great!Very spacious.One thing : if you need internet connection, be sure to bring your credit card because it's a paying service and it's outside the hotel, from a company that sells you time. The best option is the 48h service for 20$, because 30 minutes was about 8$.	
May 28 2009	No surprises - just a great value	At 10th and 49th, Skyline is 3-4 blocks from Midtown in Hell's Kitchen. The price of $129 per night was tremendous for the size of the rooms - pretty much like a normal hotel along a freeway somewhere...but on-site parking at $10 per night made it almost too good to be true. The hotel is comfortable, well-appointed, well-run....there were just no quirks that we experienced (and expected) at this price. We were doing a budget type of trip to look at a couple of colleges for my daughter. It was perfect for our purpose. Head to 9th Ave for great food (lots of Thai) and restaurant row, charming 46th street - small bistros, various ethnicities, great quality food. It was cool to stay in a neighborhood also...saw more locals with strollers, kids dogs, etc. Just a great honest bargain of a deal. Nice comfortable lobby too, nice flat screen TVs in the lobby and the room. Very helpful concierge. Not ultra-hip, but defintely had a sense of style. Only thing missing was coffee-makers in the room. Very comfy beds, quiet at night, pool and gym too,	
May 25 2009 	Pleasantly Surprised	Parking was a deal. We were pleasantly surprised at the view from our room. Kids loved the indoor pool.	
May 24 2009 	Better than Expected!	We had read the reviews regarding the 'scruffy location area' which were quite true...BUT the hotel was very clean, comfortable large rooms, good bathrooms and in a great location for the city centre, Hudson river cruises, and the Intrepid Naval museum. We found the staff to be OK, despite other reviews. They were able to offer us a return transfer to Newark airport in their minibus at a lower rate than the yellow cabs and dealt with a minor issue in our room immediately. Did not try the restaurant, but agree with other reviews ....use the City Lights diner two blocks up (51st. Street)	
May 21 2009 	Okay stay	We stayed at the Skyline this April and found the hotel to be just &quot;okay&quot;. Nothing special but not the worst hotel you can stay at. It is located in an area that appeared to us as being on the scruffy side. Our room was clean and tidy but the bathroom was very dated.On our first morning we had breakfast in the hotel restaurant and found it very expensive for what it was. As the service was also extremely slow, we decided to find else where to eat. The next day we found City Lights diner (turn left from outside the hotel, two blocks up and located on the opposite corner) it was clean, friendly, serving great food throughout the day, and most of all cheap. All in all we probably wouldn't stay at this hotel again.	
May 4 2009	GREAT Hotel in a GREAT location!	I can't believe this hidden gem in New York. Parking is $10/day. Rooms were dated but immaculate although we had a flat screen TV. We didn't try the restaurant but there are plenty of places close by to eat. It's a short walk to Times Square and shopping. price was fantastic. We will be back!	
Apr 29 2009 	Strictly okay	I had to stay in nyc for a day so I checked hotels online and booked this place.The hotels strictly okay.But its in the city which is good.The people at the front desk are not too friendly, and answer to your questions.I would say the hotels not too great not too bad and actually worth the price.	
Apr 29 2009 	GOOD VALUE	We were a family of 5 and therefore had 2 rooms, both were in close proximately and were large and clean. The hotel is in a fairly good location, close to Times Square, Rockafella Centre, and Central Park. We had a good size fridge and T.V. in the room and the staff were helpful, we used the pool a couple of times which was good after a day of sight-seeing/shopping. The Deli opposite on 49th street was excellant and open 24 hours.	
Apr 19 2009 	Perfect location welcoming clean and friendly great value hotel.	After looking at some other Hotels closer to Times Square we were a bit concerned that the outside of the building was not as lush as most of the others!. As we stepped inside we were amazed that it was friendly, clean and very welcoming. No coffee facilities but fantastic Deli straight over the road. Subway to the left for great breakfast ! We would advise that you go on the Bus Tours which gives you loads of information and gets your bearings. Times Squares, Empire State Building, Rockefella Centre at night, circle cruise 2hr and a ride round Central Park on Horse and carriage a must . What an experience we had. Shops out of this world! Tips for everything and anything is expected !!!	
Apr 16 2009 	Nice hotel great location low price for NYC	Beds were comfortable, rooms clean, fridge was great, and the pool was very warm. The pool hours are worth noting as it's only open from 5-10pm. The location was a 15 min walk to Times Square, and close to subway. Concerge wasn't helpful unless you only wanted a map. Parking cost for our SUV was $20/ day, but still better than most other places. It's not a fancy place - but a standard hotel at a resonable rate for NYC. I would stay here again!Worst thing - nothing to complain about Best thing - location &amp; price &amp; pool	
Apr 10 2009 	Great value for a short stay in NYC	this hotel is great for what it is- a value hotel within walking distance to Times Square, Restaurant Row, subway, etc. there is nothing fancy about it, although the staff was very accommodating and courteous. room could have been a little cleaner, but it was fine and featured a non-HD flat screen TV. we were in the city for a taping of the Daily Show, and the studio is less-than-5 minute walk from the hotel. if you're in NYC for a couple of days to see the sights and not use the hotel for much more than sleeping and showering, this is perfect. and the $10 parking fee is unheard of in Manhattan. Skyline Hotel, we will be back.	
Apr 10 2009 	Very Good Value - beds were very comfortable	The rooms were very spacious and beds amazingly comfortable. Each room had it's own frig which made it easier traveling with kids. We had a total of 7 in our party and booked two rooms with 2 double beds. Rooms were next to each other, but can't open connecting door. The bathrooms were fairly large and hairdryer was outside the bathroom which made it easier for everyone to get ready in the morning - could put on make up and do hair while next person was showering. Only a 15 minute walk to Times Square. Only downside - do not use the restaurant - slow and poor quality! Head down the street for family owned diner for breakfast or pick up sandwiches at Subway which was one block down. Excellent value for the price and no one can beat the $10/day parking. Most other hotels charge $40-60. Take valuables out of car...they took our Disney Easter Bunny antennae topper - not a big loss, unless you are 5 years old. The pool was also a nice touch - nice lifeguard on duty - and very warm. The view from there was amazing!	
Mar 29 2009 	Great Bargain	Our family of 4 stayed at the skyline hotel for spring break. The price was the main factor for choosing this hotel. The hotel was very clean and everything was in working condition. The location was only a couple of block from a subway stop. We rode the bus several times and the bus stop was just at the end of the block from the hotel. Staff was very friendly. The pool was great - very warm and the view from the pool was spectacular. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to NYC and wanting to save a few bucks.	
Mar 13 2009 	Very good value!	We spent 1 week in NY, stayed in Skyline Hotel and were very satisfied with everything. The room was clean, service was very friendly and the hotel was just a short walk away from Times square. I would definately go back again!	
Mar 11 2009 	Satisfactory for a 4 day shopping trip - great location and clean!!	AS above says, close to Times square, close to the subway, clean, good for money, staff weren't overly friendly or helpful but i just didn't tip them so no loss. There's a bar downstairs in the restaurant if you want a drink. Quiet location, TV with lots of channels, nice bathroom, good temperature of room, pool wasn't iopen when we were there so don't choose this hotel for the pool - but if you're 2 friends going on a shopping trip - go for it!!	
Mar 1 2009 	Never Again	This hotel was picked for its pool facilities and the web site looked okay. To be fare the pool was the redeeming feature of this hotel(although the changing rooms were not cleaned for the whhole time we were there). Although on one morning when they didn't bother to open it the reception staff were less than bothered. The meals and drinks in the hotel were even for New York standards expensive. The first room we were given was less than clean and had some unit blocking the light from the window. In addition to this they were working on sand blasting the outside of the hotel but failed to mention this on the website. We were offered a change of room eventually. The staff were at best indifferent at other times rather rude. The concierge service was particularly bad. The only recommendations were from places where she seemed to be profiting from and the advice given was on several occasions very wrong and often costly. We were sent to a local restaurant that was extorinate and they made us pay £5 for water. When we mentioned this to the concierge she said &quot;Oh well that never happens to me&quot;. We were glade to see the back of this hotel and would urge others to avoid. Its even a little too far out and I would dispute what it says on the website about its close proximity to things.	
Feb 23 2009 	Good Hotel for Families	We stayed here Feb 20-22. we had a deluxe queen with 2 VERY comfortable queen beds, modern bath, and a lot of space for the 4 of us. The pool was very nice, felt good after a day of walking around. There is a safe in the room and a small fridge. The concierge was great, he will do anything to help you.The hotel's location is also good, safe to walk at night and close to the subway (the only way to get around), and Broadway. Some good restaurants nearby, too: try Roberto Passon!The real bonus here is the $10 a day parking next door, you cannot beat that!All in all, a great value for families if you don't mind being a little off the beaten path.Highly recommended.	
Jan 10 2009 	passable	Just returned from New York were we stayed at the Skyline hotel(apparently this hotel had formerly been a Days Inn).We found the hotel to be adequate, not luxury by any stretch of the imagination, but it is fairly easy to get around from here, and times square is no more than a 15 minute walk even at a leisurely pace.Both my wife and daughter found the hairdryers to be perfectly adequate as were the irons.i would say the rooms were a little tired but were very clean.We did try the the hotel restaurant once and unfortunately could not recommend eating here.But all in all it was OK.	
Jan 7 2009	NYE in NYC	We stayed here for the New Year's Eve Times Square celebration. It is definitely a great location for this and less expensive than most nearby hotels. However, it was very expensive. The deluxe room was large, had comfortable mattresses, a microfridge, safe, and updated bathroom. The policy that night was that you had to show your ID to get into the hotel rooms after 6pm, but they never did. They had a &quot;guard&quot; that just let everyone in. Overall, the staff was nice and the deluxe room was clean and comfortable.	
Dec 22 2008 	Better than expected	We had a really good time at the hotel. Our room was at the front and we could see the Empire State Building! Street outside was very busy but did not hear this too often. Room was very clean and big enough and the beds were wonderful! TV reception not great but not there to watch TV.Had breakfast in Hotel once, ot was OK but confusing, took brunch most days. Pool was really good after a days walking and not very busy but very warm.Hotel staff generally helpful especially Norm.Had a problem one morning with workmen on roof above us at 8-00am but hotel Manager sorted.Try the Irish bar up 10 th Ave around 50th Street,, Druids, fantastic music and great food, also try their sister Irish bar on a Monday for great Irish music.Watch for yellow cabs trying to rip you off, always make sure the meter is running!A very special holiday for us and Hotel was well up to expectations!	
Dec 10 2008 	Well woth what we paid!!	The Skyline Hotel was well worth what we paid and there was absolutly nothing i could complain about. I came here with my boyfriend and from some of the photos on here we didnt expected much but when we arrived at the hotel we were plesantly surprised! The front of the hotel looks clean, and the bell boy came out to our taxi straight away and offered to take our cases. The receptionists were plesant enough and saw to us straight away. When we got to our room it was airy and clean. The view was at the front of the hotel so we got to see the empire state from our room. The bathroom was a good size and had a shower/bath. In fact its probably one of the nicest 2/3 star hotels ive stayed in. Times square and broadway is only a short walk away, took us 10 minutes but we arent ones to dordle! Originally when i was booking the holiday i wanted to stay more central to Manhattan but when i got there looking at some of the hotels in the main 5th Ave area it looked too crowded and loud all day/night so im glad we chose one slighly more out of the way. Every night we got a good night sleep, the walls are thin though so we could hear foot steps from the other rooms but we werent in the hotel very much at all so it didnt bother us. Overall i would definatly recommend this hotel especially if you are looking for a short city break because we were hardly ever in the hotel as theres so much to do in New York!! So enjoy!	
Dec 2 2008 	absolutely LOVED the hotel but please BEWARE of the parking garage!	Hotel/Room: The room was a lot nicer than we'd expected for a 3 star hotel. The room itself was spotless, and the staff was very friendly and helpful! Skyline Hotel Parking Garage: DO NOT PARK HERE!! we trusted the drivers would be careful with our luxury SUV, but saw them drive off with it like a race car. After our stay, they brought us our vehicle with a VERY BIG DENT on the front right side..we demanded to speak with the parking garage manager but they were extremely rude and unhelpful, and wouldn't even admit to denting it. We went inside to get the hotel manager, who was very nice, but unfortunately he informed us that the garage was managed separately from the hotel. One of the drivers that I'd spoken to had told me his manager would be in next week, but it turns out HE was the manager and had lied..our estimate for the dent has come out to over a grand..and it's impossible to reach anybody from the garage management. One of the employees at store next door told me that the garage dented his brother's car on numerous occasions, and refused to fix it!! I would highly recommend this hotel, but if you can find a different parking garage, please do so!	
Nov 25 2008 	Avoid this hotel	Arrived at the hotel to be told we had to pay a hundred dollar deposit for the room despite not being told this in advance. Next we go up to our room which was clean however a little shabby with ink stains on the carpet, door handle hanging off the bathroom and scuffed skirting boards. After a half an hour wait for the bell captain we received our luggage, as we started to unpack all of a sudden our door burst open and a man walked in quickly apologising and leaving, we are not sure how he got in. Leaving the hotel we have to catch a cab to the main attractions (times square) as its just simply too far to walk its around a half hour walk and with the new york hustle and bustle its especially difficult when returning with shopping bags. That even we go to bed and it is simply sweltering in the room far too hot we try to open the window but as we are located near a rail way line an building sight its just too noisy. Over the next few days we grew less satisified especially on the last night when we where woken at 3AM by next door having loud sex we complain to the security only to find him listening in outside their door only knocking when he sees us come out of our room! To round of this nighmare stay we check out only to be told we have to pay a dollar for each of the phone calls we apprently made 45 phone calls! we whereonly there five days! Also we had bought a phone card to use on the phone from their hotel shop where no one told us about the charge! All in all I would choose somewhere else to stay espeically if its a family holiday or shopping holiday you are looking for	
Nov 7 2008 	Brilliant	It was our first time in New York so wasn't really sure what to expect but this hotel was great and in a brilliant location for us. Just 2 avenues away from the famous Broadway. The neighbourhood around the hotel was safe and there were places near to the hotel if we didnt want to venture to far at night ayway. There were a few pubs nearby as well as some theatres. The hotel itself had a bar and restaurant. We never had chance to eat at the restaurant but we had some drinks in the bar which was nice, quiet and chilling after a long day. The hotel itself is really nice and the staff we did have dealings with were very courteous. The room was gorgeous, 2 massive double beds, a large room, massive bathroom. We couldnt fault it. All in all, a really good choice. I would go back there and recommend it to anyone.	
Oct 31 2008 	Nice hotel in a great location	We stayed here at the start of September and it was a great hotel. It is in a fab location, just a few blocks from Times Square and the E subway (which we used most of the time) The facilities in the room were great and the air con was fab (really needed in Sept) The pool wasn't very nice and we only used it once, but it was nice to have it there.I wouldn't recommend breakfast there either, good for a first morning while you are finding your feet, but there are better places to go in New York.The front desk were really helpful with booking transport back to the airport for us.All in all a very pleasant stay in this hotel.	
Oct 30 2008 	Convenient and characterful	We stayed at the Skyline with our three kids aged from 9 -16 and found the experience to be entirely pleasant. The hotel is interestingly styled and conveniently located for most sights, and an easy walk to Times Square. Our rooms were excellent; clean, well equipped and huge, with good bathrooms. OK, I'm English, so I'd have like tea-making facilities in the room, but we weren't in England...The staff were unfailingly courteous and helpful, and sorted out initial confusion over our booking without a problem. I can't in all honesty recommend the restaurant. We only tried it for breakfast and whilst the staff were friendly the prices were high, the food mediocre and the service chaotic - but as others have noted, you can get everything you need for a great breakfast just across the road.If you are lazy like we were, and get the hotel to book you 'discount' theatre tickets, you may be surprised to find yourself paying more that the cover price. The simple answer is to book your own. We paid $125 for the convenience of having them delivered to our door.So, in summary, I'd recommend it. Nice people, everything works, very convenient and a fair price	
Oct 30 2008	Nice hotel in good location	We stayed here twice in September '08 with a couple of weeks inbetween. Both rooms were pleasant and had views of the Empire State Building. The first had a nice new flatscreen TV. The location of this hotel is one of its strongpoints. We were able to walk to Time Square and the theatre district and the nearest subway was only a few blocks away. One downside, though, was that we had to pay for use of the Internet PC.	
Oct 16 2008 	Pleasent suprise Great location worth a try DON'T WORRY!!!	We visisted the Skyline for 5 nights in november 2007. Having read several reviews on these pages we were a little concerned that we had made a terrible mistake.. as it goes, we needn't have worried.We arrived at around 3pm, staff on the front desk where friendly and polite even cracking a few jokes with us. It made us feel welcome and put us at ease from the start.The location was excellent, a straight 4\5 Block walk east (cross the road and keep walking)along 49th or 50th takes you to Times square in about 10 minutes, 5 minutes more and your at the Rockefeller Centre and 5th avenue. Room was large, clean and comfortable, TV Fine, Bathroom Spotless, towels clean... no problems.We spent a few late afternoons early evenings at the bar downstairs. Seems a good mix of hotel guests and locals. very relaxed and inviting atmosphere. Very warm and friendly lady behind the bar kept our drinks full and sorted us out with a cheese burger each, which really hit the spot after a hard days sight seeing and shopping.Hells Kitchen\Clinton area of Manhattan has a real neighbourhood feel with a quiteer ambience and a slightly slower pace compared to much of the city. Within 5 minutes of the hotel there are several good grocery stores, deli's and Dinners. 10th Ave Dinner (left out of the hotel and one block on the other side of the road) was very good for breakfast. Warm, quick service and full menu. Very reasonably priced, we found that the closer you got to midtown the more expensive the breakfasts got. by the time you get to Times square you paid double the price for half the portions with little or no difference in the quality. !0th Ave dinner is a great, cheap way to get you off to a good start in morning.Fats Sals Pizza Shop over the road from the Hotel is also to be recommended, try the Full Pie, with meatballs and Brocolli (tastes better than it sounds!!)Loads of good restaurants on 9th Ave we tried a few but I really couldn't tell you what they were called.... sorry. Good quality and service at both meals, neither appeared too expensive.Enjoy the Hotel, Enjoy your trip to New York and enjoy your stay at the Skyline, We really couldn't fault it for the money we paid. And enjoy the neighbourhood, it can add another dimension to your trip.TIPS: Woodbury Common Factory Outlet is worth a trip, try and go on a weekday when it's not as busy. Tickets can be bought from the Grey Line Ticket offices around the city (Large on on 9th) or Port authority bus terminal which is also where the bus leave from (10 minutes south east of the Skyline)Top of the Rock is a great way to spend an evening, book online before you go.A Show is a must, Lion King is out of this world. They can all be booked on-line before you go (try Expedia) .	
Oct 12 2008 	Great restaurant	Not a bad hotel, hotel service could have been better. Rooms along the street a bit noisy. Great food and service at the restaurant and bar.	
Oct 11 2008 	Good but not brilliant.	The Skyline Hotel is located on the west side of Manhattan in Hells Kitchen. It is a safe and unintimidating neighbourhood (as we found all of Manhattan to be). It is a 10-15 minute walk to Times Square and a five minute walk to the nearset subway.The hotel is low rise (about 8 floors) which is unusual in Manhattan. It is cheap in comparison to many hotels in Manhattan, but it is still expensive in real terms (at least £150 per night for a room). I would expect more for my money if it was anywhere other than the centre of one of the world's major cities. You pay for the location. The rooms were clean, tidy and comfortable, but not luxurious. The rooms which face onto tenth avenue, although double glazed, are a bit noisy and traffic is passing all night. If you are used to sleeping in a very quiet environment the noise wil be apparent to you. Unfortunately when we were there there was a metal plate covering a whole in the road and every time a big vehicle went over it, it made a large thumping noise.We couldn't fault the staff, who were friendly and helpful enough.The pool looks better in the photos and is on the 8th floor, we didn't bother using it.The hotel restuarant food is good and not too expensive, but there are endless places to eat nearby. We didn't have breakfast at the hotel, it was not included in the price of the room (and rarely is by most accounts).If I go back to New York, I might consider staying in Brooklyn or one of the other boroughs and using the subway. You can doubtless get a cheaper deal and more for your money away from Manhattan. A 7 day pass on the subway is $25, about £15.If you want to stay in Manhattan and don't want to slum it, but can't afford the best, then the Skyline is for you. It is a middle of the road hotel in a very good location.	
Oct 3 2008 	Great Hotel for the Price!	Stayed here for 6 nights and very pleased with the hotel. We were upgraded to a Queen double room and this was pleasant, the room was clean, modern and the beds were really comfortable. The location was excellent and most of the staff were helpful a few were a bit unfriendly but you cant have it all! But the bar/restaurant staff were great. The only downside regarding the hotel was it wasn't disabled friendly as there are stairs everywhere to climb! I would stay here again without a doubt and I cant wait for my next holiday to NY.	
Oct 2 2008 	Great find	A great location, short walk to times square and subway station. Lots of shops close by to purchase food drinks etc. Read that the service was poor but i found the hotel staff very freindly except for bell boys who didnt ask for our bags. Room was very big considering that we were in the city. Only negative - the pool looked very old and dirty so didnt go in.new york in itself - good city very easy to find your way around. excellent pizza at John's pizzeria worth the wait. You must go on the 3 hour circle line cruise.	
Aug 22 2008 	Great location good restaurant lousy hotel service	I went to NYC for a business conference on Times Square. The location was a nice, easy walk to the conference in a nice, safe neighborhood. (Hell's Kitchen? This was great!) The 1050 Restaurant was also very nice, but I had several issues with some of the service in the hotel. I found the pay-for-connection Internet service too difficult to figure out how to use, and while the hotel provides a bag for laundry services, I received a very short &quot;we don't do that&quot; when asked about using the service, with no additional help on how to get my laundry done. I did find a very helpful laundrymat nearby, but I would have appreciated more assistance from the hotel staff on this issue. Even letting me know about the laundrymat and their phone number would have been helpful to a traveller.	
Aug 17 2008 	Not Great But Not Too Bad Either	Pros: The Skyline Hotel is nicely located. You can drive to the hotel very easily from the north, and it is just a three block walk up 49th street (we walked it at night and didn't feel afraid) to 7th Avenue and the rest of Times Square; and the staff was friendly. Cons: the TV didn't work right initially (we had the wrong type of controller); the first day our room wasn't visited by housekeeping till after 3 PM; we were missing a 4' long flourescent light bulb on the makeup table, and the toilet seat was loose.	
Aug 16 2008 	great find!	Rooms are nicely decorated and pretty roomy. Beds are comfortable. Location is great. After busy days it was nice to walk a few blocks and get to a quieter area to rest. There are plenty of little shops and cafe's in the area in case you get the late night munchies!	
Aug 4 2008 	great time	Stayed at the Skyline on July 30th was very happy with the hotel, beds were very comfortable nice new bathroom very clean. we went to the pool and it was average but clean and a very nice view from up on top. The people at the front desk I have to say were not as nice as they should be considering they are the first you encounter, bell man were very nice. At first I was hesitant as to the neighborhood reading other reviews but as the night grew on there were more and more people around so you felt alot safer. I would definetly stay at this hotel again. Also we had a wonderful meal at Broadway Joe Restaurant on restaurant row, pricey but the biggest shrimp cocktail I or my daughter (15) has ever seen. We went and saw Mary Poppins and that was wonderful also. Another great thing to do is the NYC Duck Tour they were great we had alot of fun just my daughter and I. If anyone has any questions regarding the hotel or New York City don't hesitate to email me. I try to go to New York City twice a year with my daughter, we take the bus from Atlantic City with our back packs and usually stay over 1 night this was one of the nicest hotels that I have stayed at. DWILL55904@aol.com	
Jul 28 2008 	not a bad place to stay	We stayed here one night on a Theater Weekend. Check in was quick easy &amp; friendly, the housekeeping staff was great. The rooms are big and clean, however the &quot;Queen , beds were only Full Size, when this was mentioned at the front desk we were told with attitude that our room was a DELUXE Queen &amp; the beds were Queen size. The elevators were a bit rundown but they worked. It was very hot in New York City that weekend and there was no airconditioning in the elevators. The hotel was clean. We didn't have any issues with noises. (minimal corridor noises) I would recommed the hotel.	
Jul 23 2008 	Big clean rooms	We stayed here as a part of a bus tour. A lot of construction going on around the hotel but none of it disturbed us. The rooms are big and clean. The elevators were a bit rundown but they worked. It was very hot in New York City that weekend and there was no airconditioning in the elevators. The hotel was clean. The pool was nice. We didn't have any issues with noises. ( The normal city sounds of sirens but nothing from the guests next door. ) I would recommed the hotel. Nice view from the pool area.	
Jul 21 2008 	Great for the Big Apple	Stayed at the Skline as part of a coach tour brochure booking.Had reservations to start with when passing some of the buildings in the streets approaching the hotel on the first night, after a long delayed flight, which made us think some of the previous tripadvisor comments may have been accurate.When we arrived in reception to a friendly greeting and a helpful bellhop we were pleasantly surprised.The room was clean and bright, bathroom large, clean and well-lit and though the room was at the front of the hotel, the road noise was not excessive, which some previous comments had emphasized. (it is a big city that never sleeps!). The noisiest thing was the airconditioning unit but we soon got used to that.We only had one night there before the coach tour but had booked four extra nights after the tour and had no reservations about returning to stay.The room after the coach tour was just as good as the first room.The hotel was extremely well located for reaching Times Square and Broadway theatres (10 mins easy walking and that is not a travel brochure timing). The 'Rock' and the Empire State Building were easily reachable if you like walking, if not, buses and subway were close by.At no time did we feel threatened, even late at night, which is more than I can say for some places in Britain.Great city to visit, we would like to go again and we would have no hesitation in staying at the Skyline Hotel.The only meal we had at the hotel was breakfast on the first morning, good choice and good food, pleasant staff and typical hotel price.Great place for breakfast, eat in or take out, is less than 5 minutes walk away. Turn left out of hotel, walk to the corner of 10th Avenue and 51st Street and cross the Avenue to the Diner on the opposite side. Good food, good prices and very pleasant staff.Enjoy your stay.	
Jul 20 2008	Hotel staff very grumpy	skyline hotel new yorkdate 14/july/2008S ParkinWe arrived at this hotel (4 day add on ) after touring america and canada with archers direct, the hotel rooms were basic but clean. The hotel location is ideal for getting about on foot. Times Square, Central park, and 5th ave are all within walking distance. But the main problem with this hotel are the staff. The reception staff are possibly the most misrable we have ever seen, and if you ask for any assistance they either totally ignore you or ask you to come back later ???. We asked if we could pay to keep our room until 6pm, we were told hotel was full and room had to be cleaned for next guest, but 2 mins later we were told if we paid the full rate of 229 dollars we could keep room for extra few hours, how was this possible if hotel was full ???. Also cleaning and maintanace staff very rude. If you choose to stay here dont expect service with a smile.	
Jul 14 2008 	Awful place!	Our cab pulled up at the hotel and the bellman stood watching us struggle to try and lift our heavy bags out of the trunk. We walked into the hotel and waited for about 5 minutes, finally arrived a poorly groomed staff member, she was grumpy and no help.We struggled up to our room coming to find a room that smelt of tobacco though it was a non-smoking room and our room hadn't been cleaned. The room consisted of 2 queen sized beds and a dirty, moldy, cold bathroom. We went to sleep for the night, come to find that the blankets inadequate and the heating wasn't working, the heating started to make a thumping noise so we called concierge who were no assistance toward us. The beds weren't very comfortable and the rooms were noisy and cold and the hotel wasn't close to any tourist attractions in NYC. Overall my family and I experienced an uncomfortable and unpleasant stay at the Skyline.	
Jun 29 2008 	Very Pleased	My daughter and I absolutely loved this hotel. Away from the tourists in Times Square, yet close to everything. We were able to check in at 10:30 a.m., and have a room with a mini fridge. The room was large and spotlessly clean with a nice decor and pretty bathroom tile. An iron, ironing board and hair dryer were provided. Everything worked well, including the air conditioning. The staff was very pleasant and helpful. We didn't eat at the hotel restaurant, but did have a cocktail at the bar, which was quite nice. Parking was right next to the hotel and only $10 a day. Left the car at 10:30 a.m. Saturday and picked it up at 6:30 p.m. Monday and it was only $36. The room rate was also excellent for the size of the room, the amenities and the location. Felt more like being in a neighborhood. Also easy to get to and get out of the city without driving through a lot of traffic. Would definately stay here again. Highly recommend.	
Jun 26 2008 	What a great hotel!	A group of 5 women and 2 children set off for the sights of Manhattan in June and our home base was the Skyline Hotel in Hell's Kitchen. What a true find it was! We had two rooms which we expected to be two double beds. Instead, we had a king and a queen in each spacious, clean room. They put us near each other which made it even better. We were impressed by the size of the rooms, the furnishings, such as refrigerator, large flat-screen TV, view of the Empire State building, etc. It is located in the up-and-coming new Hell's Kitchen, and the restaurants on 9th Ave. nearby were rich in ethnic foods. The location and the restaurants kept coming up in our Gray Line bus tour and even the Circle Line boat tour as a &quot;must-do&quot; place to eat!The kids enjoyed swimming in the pool, and the adults loved the night-time view from the all-glass enclosure. The porters and desk staff were excellent! We stored an amazing amount of luggage our last day while we attended a Broadway play, and everything was kept safe and sound for us. Parking is a real steal at $10 per day (no in-or-out, but that suited us fine). We didn't try the in-house restaurant, but we enjoyed the Westside Famous Deli across the street for excellent breakfast and lunch sandwiches, snacks, drinks, etc. We got back to Virginia and found we had lost a camera. Lo and behold, some honest soul found it in the lobby and turned it in. We found it in the Housekeeping Dept., and the manager of housekeeping was so helpful in returning it to us. What a blessing!We highly recommend the Skyline Hotel to anyone looking for a good place at a good price.	
Jun 17 2008	Unusual but Meet the Challenge	Well, it was New York! On the positive side, the room was large and clean, although shabby and requiring maintenance. The bed was comfortable, and the bathroom good.I arrived quite late, around 1.30 a.m. after Super Shuttle failed to pick me up from a 9.25 p.m. arrival at JKF. I found the Night Staffunfriendly and unwelcoming. (I was travelling alone and am 66 y.o. woman) The porter watched me struggle in from the footpath with my bags, as if I was part of a side show. Many of the day staff were grim faced and rude, Some had limited English. The Bell Hops were overworked and stressed. The Concierge was excxellent. The restaurant is awful.May sound like a contradiction, but I would return there when in NY because it had a good vibe, and good atmosphere. Forget any help from the staff. Eat elsewhere (and there are plenty of good restaurants around). The rooms are spacious, and I had a great view of the Empire State Building. It is an easy walk to Times Square. It had internet facilities, a nice foyer with lots of people around, and a helpful, pleasant woman Concierge. It is not the Waldorf, but it is OK. I would give it another go, but wouldnot be expecting any service next time. &quot;Rise to the challeng.&quot;	
Jun 13 2008	Great Place!	This is a great value in New York City. Rooms are large, parking cheap (10.00 per day), great bar, indoor pool.Someone was always cleaning something. Staff very nice.This is my new find for NYC!	
Jun 3 2008	Happy St. Patrick's Day	My husband and I were part of an escorted group coming from Ireland to celebrate St. Patrick's Day and see the sights. We had never been to New York before. We can't believe some of the reviews for the Skyline - a hotel we found to have everything we needed. It was ideally located, walked most places, quiet at night, de luxe Queen beds, fridge, tv, bathroom all in full working order. Pleasant staff and would especially mention the lady in the gift shop who couldn't have been nicer to us. Had breakfast and dinner only once during our stay but that was by choice as we explored the areas around and dined in a variety of places. Would return in the morning if we could.	
May 22 2008 	Great Place To Stay	Great rrate quiet and restful to sleep , safe area, to walk and athe deli across the street is fantastic	
May 13 2008 	It's OK But Don't Expect The Ritz	Background – First, you don’t go to New York for the hotel room! If you are a British, it’s to do some sightseeing and a copious amount of shopping. If you are so inclined, you may get to party as well. This said, I appreciate that a hotel room can ‘make’ or ‘break’ a stay.I was slightly apprehensive about staying at the Skyline having read the reviews on TripAdvisor. However, as I had left my hotel booking to the last minute, the choice was rather limited. I was warned off the Hotel Pennsylvania by my travel agent in London who does not allow clients to stay there. Incidentally, the Pennsylvania is referred to the 'Transylvania' by locals. Here are the pro’s and con’s of the Skyline from my perspective for my stay in late April 2008. Pro’s – the room is clean, with fresh towels every day. There was a fridge in the room which is good as you can store milk for a morning and mid-day tea. As with most New York hotels, no kettle was provided but I always carry a travel kettle to avoid disappointment. The television is flat screen and has approximately 30 channels, so a daily dose of Jeopardy and Wheel of Fortune. If I recall correctly, all televisions in the US have to be digital by 2008/9, so this may have precipitated the upgrade. The room also had a safe to store valuables. The hotel had security staff to prevent undesirables entering the property. Incidentally, the local area is very safe and was not concerned about my personal safety. Didn’t try the swimming pool, but who goes to NYC for pool side action?Some of the reviews for this hotel comment that the hotel restaurant was below par and there are no alternatives in the vicinity. Reviewers seem to forget they are in New York and there are bars and diners on every block. Across the street is an Indian Deli as well as a Chinese take-away. Also, there is a great bar, Perdition, where you will receive a warm welcome from Jeff and Shaun and meet some friendly, native New Yorkers. The hotel is not too close to Times Square and the retail areas but it is near the Subway station on 50th Street from where you can get the train to 34th Street for Macys and alike. Con’s – Initially, the shower mixture didn’t work properly; stone cold water. This is a common hotel problem which I have experienced elsewhere. I reported the problem and presumably it was fixed as it was functional afterwards. The plug socket in the bathroom was hanging off the wall and the lock on the bathroom door required fixing but these were not significant issues. As for the décor, well, it wasn’t modern. The beds, as I had a twin Queen, the bed opposite the television was comfortable but the other near the window was rock hard. Moreover, the internet TV wasn’t working either.However, the main grumble was the air-conditioning. I was disturbed every night by the adjacent room’s air-conditioning it made a horrendous noise when it was in use. As the temperature was between 70-80 degrees during my stay, invariably the first thing which goes on at 1am when guests return from a night out is the air-con, thereby interrupting an otherwise peaceful sleep! I thought the Concierge was unhelpful. I required a cab to JFK to leave at 6.30pm on a Sunday evening but was offered the airport shuttle at 5.30pm, take it or leave it! No other alternatives were offered. Moreover, the hotel Gift Shop is expensive and it was difficult dealing with the aged assistant. Conclusion – It’s ok but not great. It isn’t the Ritz but reasonable based on Manhattan prices. ($1,200 for 5 nights). Would I stay again? Probably not due to the noise issue.	
Apr 30 2008	Very good hotel	Although we were delayed from our flight leaving Manch for five hours we arrived at Manhattan whilst the sun was setting behind the skyline as we neared the island, fantastic!!.On our arrival at the hotel we were dealt with efficiently and quickly by reception staff and shown to our rooms.Having arrived late we ate at the Restaurant downstairs and enjoyed a drink in the bar. The meal was good and although the surroundings were a little rough around the edges the food was plentiful and tasty, the staff were great and the bar very accomodating.Rooms were large, clean and comfortable. Views of the city skyline were great especially as you are relaxing in the pool on the top floor at night.The hotel is a short 10 min walk to the centre of times square.The hotel has an airport shuttle service (Hells kitchen shuttle ) which was very reasonable although you will share with other guests, the drivers great.All in all, great hotel, very central and close to all attractions.Diner just a couple of blocks down the road turning left out of the hotel and across the road serving great breakfasts.Recommend Top of the rock as opposed to Empire for better views in more comfortable surroundings.	
Apr 30 2008 	Disappointing	This hotel was situated in a good central location but the staff were not helpful at all, the food was terrible and the whole hotel had a run down appearance.	
Apr 29 2008 	Loved the view great value	Its a great mid-class hotel. It is really nothing special but the rooms are okay and clean. The view is great and the staff is friendly. Its location is also pretty good. It is not in the centre but you can walk to the centre in like 20 mins. There is an inside pool on the roof. Nothing fancy but he it is a pool. The neighberhood is okay but can be a bit noisy. Overall considering the price above avarage and great value	
Apr 27 2008 	Satisfied	We just returned from staying 2 nights at the Skyline. I was unsure after reading other reviews but it is easy to get to and the low cost of parking were deciding factors. The initial parking attendant was a bit &quot;gruff&quot; but inside the staff was very helpful and polite. Our luggage was stored because we were early for check in and was also stored after check out so we could do more in the city.The room was clean and a good size but yes, the walls are thin - we could hear the 4 desperate housewives in the next room laughing and singing after their night out on the town. The beds just had blankets - no spreads - not sure why and I didn't ask. I just wanted a clean room at a fair price and that was what we got.	
Apr 18 2008	Not your best bet!	My mother, sister and I took a trip to new york and stayed at the Skyline hotel for two night, and as we are not picky travelers this hotel did not meet our expectations. Although the rooms and very clean, spacious and nice in comparasion to other hotels in New York we stayed in, here are a few problems we encountered.1) The walls are super thin and you could hear everything in the rooms above and beside you. After checking in after mid-night we wanted a good night sleep, but you could literally hear everything! 2) The tap water in the bathroom was BROWN. We could not use the sink to brush our teeth or wash our face. Instead we used bottled water and the water from the shower. When we approcahed the front desk, we were told that it must be the city &quot;turning off the sewers&quot; whatever it was, it didnt change the fact that the water was BROWN...very gorss!3)While checking out, the front desk tried to charge us $200 more. I booked the hotel through the hotel website and luckly I printed out all confirmations. The lady was very very rude..and all staff could use a course on customer service. Which brings me to my next point4) We wanted to book the hotels shuttle service to the Airport and again, the lady was unhelpful and rude while assisting us. She said the airport shuttle would not be back by the time we wanted to leave, and we should find other means of transporartion and didnt offer to call a cab. When we asked the bell man to help, he said he would &quot;be right back&quot; to help us, but never did &quot;come back&quot;Other than that the hotel was very close to Times Square, probably not the best choice but if your on a budget and willing to sleep with ear plugs, then its ok!	
Apr 14 2008 	A pleasent place to stay	I stayed at Skyline Hotel for 7 days last November. I must confess that, after all that i´ve read about new york hotels, i had a great surprise when i arrived to the hotel room. I traveled with 2 friend, and we booked a triple room. The room was plenty of space and was very clean. The hotel staff was very nice in every situation. Regarding to the location, it only takes 10 minutes to get to times square or broadway.I think it was a great place to stay, with a good price/quality relation. I would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 13 2008 	Bad service!	My husband and I checked in, after making sure that our room has a refrigerator (we only eat kosher food, and had our food with us). Surprisingly enough there was no refrigerator, so we called up the front desk, which promised to send one right away. After 30 minutes of waiting we called again, but the guy said they were looking for a refrigerator for us. Well, we waited another hour, starting to worry about out food, but again – no refrigerator yet. It was late, so we went to sleep, and in the morning called the front desk again. This time we had a lady that said we could get a refrigerator, but that'll cost us 20$ a day! No need to say that this important piece of information was never mentioned on their website, nor told by anyone on the phone or during our check in. We would have definitely gone to another hotel, if we knew we were going to be over charged like this. Nothing helped here, and even our request to speak with the manager was turned down.We refused to pay, and had to spend a lot of time and money eating outdoors in kosher restaurants, after our food was spoiled.Besides this, in 2 out of 3 morning in Skyline hotel, the housekeeper entered our room, although there was a &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign on our door. Bottom line – bad service!	
Apr 8 2008 	Nah - you can do better	This location is good for Mid town - but it is still in Hell's Kitchen - REALLY very noisy and not that comfortbale . Trust me there are much better places to stay. They are refubishing - but this seems to be all on the outside - the rooms are still pretty yuk. The food in the restaurant was the worst of our trip. Coffee you wouldnt bathe your dog in!  It was really hard to work out what services were available. Staff on the front desk were helpful but overworked. Staff in the restaurant didnt seem to want to help at all. TV reception was poor and I didnt get a remote inmy room.	
Apr 1 2008	Great Value and good location	I recently stayed with a small group at the Skyline as a last minute replacement for another hotelEverything was well done here. The parking is amazingly convenient and cheap. The rooms we had with 2 doubles were more spacious than most NYC rooms. The bathrooms were large and everything was in working order. Some of the group complained of only cold water one morning, but it was quickly repaired.The hotel is three avenue blocks from the broadway theaters, and two blocks from lots of restaurants on Eighth. It is very convenient for theater going. We could walk back to freshen up between shows. The Skyline staff was friendly and helpful, but we did not need much assistance.	
Mar 28 2008 	Great Location and at Half the Price!	Though this is not a 5 star hotel, it definitely was a nice place to stay for a quick trip to NY. The rates were more affordable than most-and most importantly it wasn't a dive! Although the hallways and elevators seem a little on the small/narrow side (if your claustrophobic just walk quickly to your room), the room (a standard double) was of a good size and well lit. Very clean and we slept well-it was actually quiet-you can barely hear the noise of NYC.Located on West 48th and Tenth, walking distance from everything.The staff were mostly helpful, with the exception of one (don't bother asking for a phone book at the front desk when the concierge is away from his/her post-no matter that 411 wasn't able to find the number for me). But I digress...All in all definitely recommend staying here!	
Mar 26 2008	This hotel is actually in New Yuck.	Going to New York should be a fun experience, so don't ruin it by booking this hotel. It is truly gross.	
Mar 22 2008 	Never Again	I have to admit that I was already in a bad mood because my flight into New York was very late and I didn't get to the hotel until 2:00 AM but I did not have a good experience. It took 20 minutes for the guy at the desk to check me in and when I finally got my key and went to my room I found that it was already occupied. It was quite a shock to me but it must have been a real shock to the people in the room to have a stranger open their door in the middle of the night. I returned to the desk and angrily asked for another room. They gave me another key and I headed off to get some sleep but guess what - it was occupied as well. By this time I was livid, I yelled at the guy at the desk and this time he sent another hotel employee to check the room first. He came back and reported that the room vas indeed vacant. The room itself was clean but tiny, it had two twin beds, not two doubles or queens - two twins. I haven't slept in a twin since I was ten years old. The room was also near enough to an elevator that I could faintly hear it anytime it went by.	
Mar 14 2008 	Not great-interrupted by unwanted visitor	Stayed here for 7 nights in october 07 (Im really slow at reviewing) with my girlfriend. We booked this due to its location (my mistake) and because we got a good price. (again last time ill do this). For 2 first timers in New york the location wasnt suitable at all being 9 blocks from Times Square. On arrival our first evening we went for a walk and promptly got lost (a word to first timers in New York- trying to find Times Square by the lights in the sky is a silly idea get a map). Not much in the immeadiate area- a pizza place and 2 supermarkets. An irish pub is across the road which we avoided-being Irish we figured we could go to an Irish pub back home any time and not waste any time in New York by doing so.Hotel is about 20/25 minutes from Times square and the Port Authority bus station. It was really too far for us to be travellling back to drop off the bags of shopping we had and travelling back to Times Square then again. (we ended up getting a lot of taxis to cut down on travelling time and maximise shopping sight-seeing time)After getting back to the hotel we filled the mini-fridge with cold drinks as the temperature was pretty high. However when the fridge was on it made a very loud humming noise which was disturbing so we had to turn it off to get to sleep. Beds were comfortable and the room size was adequete for 2 people though because floor space was limited we left the suitcases on top of the second bed. I heard there was an upgraded part of the hotel but it all looked fine to us. Corridor was a bit dated looking but not a issue. The tv reception was very fuzzy though(we were watching fox news for the week).Breakfast was buffet style and the food was good. However on the 3rd day we got charged more than we did the day before for the exact same breakfast which we disputed angrily with the supervisor. We didnt bother tipping them after that as we felt the service was lousy. The concierge was great-really helpful answering all our questions of how to get about and where to go for transportation etc. She was also great helping us get tickets for Phantom of the Opera (for $40 dollars less than the theatre price!) Didnt use the restaurant in the evenings as we didnt stay in the hotel during the day and we didnt use the bar for the same reason. And now to the most negative part- on the second last night we were there around 3 am in the morning I was woken by a persistent squeaking noise, so turning on the light to see a small mouse scurrying behind the desk!!! I was disgusted and alarmed at this as we were on the 5th floor. I was torn between going mad and requesting to be moved and letting my girlfriend sleep(reason behind this is because we already had a awful experiance in Tenerife 2 months earlier and didnt want our dream trip to New York to be remembered for the wrong reasons)So I decided to say nothing................(to my GF and the management) not perhaps the best option I know. We left the hotel the day after anyway. Next time I go we will definatley be staying a lot nearer to Times Square, the hotel was ok bar the problems but nothing special. The porters were very helpful-as we were leaving one basically stood in the middle of the road to hail a cab. He then refused my tip (it wasnt a meagre amount I was offering) out of politeness which was nice but I insisted. (On a side note I said it about the mouse when we got back to Shannon-and got in trouble for it- talk about a poor judgement call)	
Mar 6 2008 	Great location in Midtown NYC!	OK, forget all the horror stories about the mean streets of New York - Giuliani has done a major clean up on the city and it shows! With private apartments now changing hands for $1.5 million in Chelsea and the Village, the Skyline Hotel is a little gem in an otherwise expensive location for hotel accommodation. Stayed there for 3 nights in February 08 - booked direct with hotel over the internet and negotiated a very reasonable rate (just be careful of additional taxes - unlike the UK, they are NOT included in quoted prices for food and accommodation throughout the city)Don't be put off by the functional outside facade or the rather plain lobby of this hotel on arrival ... its rooms are large, comfortable and spotlessly clean. Beds (2 doubles) to die for, with immaculate bathrooms and loads of classic white towels and boiling hot water. Plenty of (US) channels to choose from on TV and easy access to the internet just off the main lobby. Front office staff are OK, you can leave your bags with the Porter if need be after checking out. Norman, the concierge, will organise theatre tickets and will even deliver them to your room. His prices are discounted from the full rate, but can be purchased even more cheaply from the Ticket booths downtown - but dont forget you will have to queue - so you get what you pay for!Situated in the &quot;Hells Kitchen&quot; area on the West side of Manhattan (10th Avenue), the Skyline is the perfect location for all the sights of Midtown: on the two occasions I went to see a Broadway show, the hotel was a convenient 10-15 minutes walk from the main theatre area. Dont be put off by the name of the area: it, like so many other neighbourhoods in NYC, is fast becoming a desirable place to live - right up to Harlem! I walked (safely) everywhere in Midtown (most New Yorkers do!) - if you want to use the subway the nearest stop is a few blocks away. Take the Uptown and Downtown (and Night) bus tours for a general overview of the City on arrival - these leave from 8th Avenue/49 Street - just 10 minutes walk from the Skyline front door. Again a 3 day &quot;hop on/hop off&quot; option is available and can be incorporated with the 3 day pass for even greater savingsThe area is coming down with places to eat/buy food, so although the hotel is a brilliant base from which to see the sights, dont worry about eating there - there's so much value, choice and quality in the streets without having to join the lines at Planet Hollywood (if you must!). Look out for the &quot;Fixed Price&quot; menus - exceptional value 3 course meals from $13.95 upwards!If you're interetsed in seeing as much as possible in a short space of time, purchase the New York Pass - 3 or 7 days of unlimited free access to the main visitor attractions - and save yourself a fortune on admission prices - buy it on the internet before you go and collect at Times Square - then skip the queues at the Empire State and elsewhere!A direct airport bus service from/to Newark arrives/departs the Port Authority Bus Terminal (42nd Street/8th Avenue) EVERY 15 minutes ($25 return trip) - only 15 mins walk from hotel - why pay $35 for a taxi + tip (one way?)Yes, you can get hotels that will be more &quot;central&quot; to &quot;the sights&quot; but I wouldn't have sacrificed the comfort, price and convenience of the Skyline for an overpriced and noisy &quot;image&quot; location anywhere else in the city! Like most people visiting New York, I only spent a few hours in my hotel bedroom - if this sounds like you, then book the Skyline - you wont be disappointed! A wee gem ... and you WONT need the pepper spray so leave it at home(lol). Enjoy the Big Apple!	
Feb 26 2008	Great Hotel. 100% recommend	Stayed in Jan for 5 nights and had a great time. The Hotel was brilliant. Clean, tidy and the staff were very friendly. Helped out on a number of occassions in recommending certain things. Also sorted taxi to the airport. Ate at the hotel only once and it was fine and very reasonable. Gift shop with friendly staff and it makes it very easy to sort out small gifts and very cheap. Stayed in a room with two double beds and they were fine. Changed daily and very tidy. The room was spotless everyday and perfect for the tourist who will ony spend around 1-2 hours awake in the room a day. Tv was fine and plenty of choice. Movies on demand but who goes to NYC to watch movies? Everything was nice in the room and it had a fridge so that was good. No kettle but not everything can be perfect, right? The hotel is close to times square and walking distance to most things. Any time you cant be bothered to walk just get a cab as it isn't very expensive to get around the area. MSG is 30 mins slow walk away or a $10 approx taxi fare. Fine for all places in the city, as public transport is so easy. Overall I would give this hotel 10/10 as it was perfect. At night it wasn't loud or anything and compared to somewhere more central, I think its perfect for those who want sleep. The area it is situated in is also lovely and plenty of eating places close by like subway which is handy for quick snacks. Good for it, you wont be dissapointed.	
Feb 22 2008 	indoor pool and pets allowed	We picked this Hotel because the had an indoor pool (pool open 5-10pm) and pets are allowed ($200.00 refundabl deposit). This hotel was not to far from Time Square, and Radio City. No Cooffee pot or alrm clock in the room, if you didnt have a watch you would be in a jam. Nintendo listed as a accommodation but there was a $6.00 charge for one game (per 60min) did think that was fair. Also no Continental Breakfast - but there was a Restaurant in the Hotel. Great for familys, not to pricy for having a pool in a hotel in the CITY. Would stay there again.	
Feb 6 2008 	False advertisement	We booked a smoking room for Skyline hotel for Feb 1-4 2008. We get to the hotel and they tell us they are a non-smoking hotel. On there website they ask you for smoking or non smoking. I would have never booked if They would have told us it was non smoking. Also we get to our room and the TV does not work. They do nothing to take care of the problem. The website also says they have live entertainment every night. This is also untrue. We found another hotel the next day and checked out. We would never stay at this hotel again and we urge people to beware.	
Feb 6 2008 	Not as bad as the other reviews	I went to New York with my mum as my 21st present from my parents and it really was the best present! We stayed at the skyline as this was the hotel we choose when we made our booking. Being 100% honest i wouldnt stay here again because i would fancy somewhere a little more upmarket but there was nothing wrong with it. The hotel was lovely and clean and we had a double bed each which was great. Our sheets were very clean and the beds were comfortable but you dont take much notice after youve been out walking for over 12 hours! The only downfalls to this hotel are that it is slightly out of the way which is why I would rather stay more central and it wasnt hugely modern which you would expect from the fashion capital!	
Feb 5 2008 	Good Hotel Good Location	Stayed here for a week recently. Hotel is a bit old fashioned but its clean and quiet even though it looks out onto 10th Avenue. Room was big enough for the 3 of us and plenty of clean towels every day. Only problem really was the room was way too hot that we had to put on the noisy Air Con to cool it down. Had dinner once in the restaurant which was very good and as everyone says theres a nice diner up and across the street (turn left when you go out the door). Location is only about 10 mins walk from Times Square so its perfect. It wont strike you as the best part of the city but it was safe enough, I just wouldnt be walking around alone in the dark but thats anywhere really. Hotel concierge are good for organising trips for you. They dropped us to Woodbury Common to go shopping so we didnt have to go off looking for buses etc. All in all its a good hotel to stay in and would appear better than some others that friends have stayed in when in New York.	
Jan 24 2008 	Surprisingly good!	I stayed one night in this hotel on Tuesday Jan. 22, 2008. As a frequent traveler to NYC, I have always stayed in New Jersey and taken the PATH subway into the city, hearing horror stories about the hotel prices, driving into NYC, and the cost of parking (if you can find any). My trip was during the off season, to see a performance at the nearby Ars Nova theater, and it knocked out all those preconceived notions.The winter rate was cheaper than I would have paid at any of the usual Jersey City chain hotels. The room was bigger than I expected (knowing to expect very tiny, this room was decent for city standards). The room was clean, and had been renovated at least semi-recently. Most of the staff was great, with the exception of a very slow check in process.The hotel is located close to the Lincoln Tunnel entrance to the city. Parking is on site for $10 a day, which can be added to your room charge. The hotel is on the West side, just a little south of Central Park and very close to the theater district. A cab ride to/from the south end of Manhattan should be no more than $20, or you can take the subway, which is very easy to navigate. The area itself (formerly known as Hell's Kitchen) is not the exact BEST in terms of cleanliness and feeling safe, but I was a young woman traveling alone, and walking around alone late at night and I had no problems. I didn't present myself as a tourist though (no map, no camera, no acting lost) and that might have helped. I brought pepper spray just in case, but did not have to use it. You should be fine, especially if you travel in a group or during the day.	
Jan 24 2008 	Fab fab fab!	I have stayed at this hotel 5 times now. I have stayed in New York about 9 times. It has the largest rooms I have stayed in, the beds are sooo comfortable, and the room has everything you need. There is a deli over the road which I think is open 24 hours. There is a shop opposite where you can buy alcohol and a diner on the other corner. What more could you need? I have never used the swimming pool - it's not my bag - so I can't comment on that. The gift shop is very useful and my friends said they found it very cheap compared to some of the other &quot;gift&quot; shops we had been in. I didn't eat at the hotel this time as we found a deli where you could sit and eat on 53rd street which was sooo cheap and the bacon rolls were just lovely! But previously I found that the breakfasts were good value. The bar area could do with being spruced up a bit, if I'm being honest, but the staff have always been nice. I can honestly say that I have never had a problem with this hotel, the area it's in or the food. I love it!If anyone wants any further information about my stays here - just send me a mail and I will try and help.	
Jan 19 2008 	Made my trip	My friend and I stayed at the Skyline in August 2007, we have an awesome time in NYC, it was our first visit to the US, the hotel was clean and tidy, the room was spaciious and the aircon was a god send!! The resturant made delicous food and the deli a few hudered meters away was fab. We had an amzing time in NYC, we stayed for a week and would definately come back again. Although I was constantly told that food portions would be huge, I didnt find that, but food, shopping and attractions were all reasonably priced, £7.50 ($17.00) for the Rockefella centre, bargain and quiksiver jeans for £30 thats amazing, If you ever visit the UK you will realise how much of a rip off it is.	
Jan 3 2008 	The Big Apple	Me and a friend went to the New York in Nov'07 to celebrate hitting the big 30!!!We had an evening flight and did not arrive at the hotel until 11.30pm - we had no problems thou and were checked into our room within about 5 mins.The room was lovely - 2 double beds, plenty of storage space, a safety deposit box provided &amp; clean bathroom and towels/beding which was changed on a daily basis.The location of the hotel was fine - about 5 mins from Broadway/Times Square and about 15 mins from Macys/Empire State building. After all the food we ate - walking did us good!!We did not use the Hotel restaurant during our stay as we were out for most of the day - I can recommend 10 Avenue diner (turn left out of the hotel &amp; about a 30 sec walk) for brilliant breafasts. We ate in different restuarants most nights and all were ok - remember to tip about 15-20% or check its not automatically been added on the bill.If you are going to NY I would recommend seeing a show - we saw Wicked and it was just that!!!As complete shopaholics the hotel arranged a day trip to woodbury common (£20 return fare) - which is a shoppers heaven - loads of shops at even lower discounted prices!!!We were in NY for 5 days and did not manage to do everthing we wanted to do - there are so many sights/attractions to do and see - we just ran out of time!! Macy's &amp; Bloomingdales are very distracting!! My tip for dept stores is go in the morning as its a lot quieter - check out the Macy's visitors centre, as by showing your passport you get an 11% discount card - making it even cheaper!!We also did the Sex In The City tour which was really good, you get to see different parts of NY &amp; sit on Carrie's steps - fans of the show will understand what i mean!!!At no time during our stay did we feel unsafe - infact like other people have said we felt safer over there!!All in all NY &amp; the Skyline Hotel are brilliant - I will defintely be going back to do all the things i didn't do this time &amp; I'd happily stay at the Skyline again.	
Dec 31 2007 	A nice hotel	A dissapointment if I am honest. i thought everything in NY was bigger and better, this is not! A small family room for 4 of us and the hotel is not a high rise and I was wanting a good view of the city. it was clean and the staff were helpfull, but not the WAW I was expecting. a good location a few blocks away is the WAW as you get your first view of the Empire State Building! a great place to explore from and the breakfast is plentyfull. As for New York - no city has yet to come up to its standard! A must!	
Dec 28 2007 	Enjoyed the stay	This was our first trip to New York City and this hotel helped make our first trip a success. We found a fantastic rate on a website and the front desk attendant wanted to know how we obtained it. The hotel is two blocks from the subway and the walk to Times Square and other areas wasn't bad at all, especially with two small children. The concierge in the front lobby was helpful in helping us identify a place to eat with the kids. The room was very nice and we slept well. I had a problem with the coke machine and the front desk quickly helped me resolve the issue.As other reviews mention, this hotel isn't visually appealing on the outside, but the inside is nice. The value and convenience we got was the best you could get in NYC. We would definitely stay here again.	
Dec 23 2007 	Great Value	Was a little nervous about the Skyline having read some of the reviews on here. Had absolutely no reason to be. There were 7 of us in our group in 4 rooms. All were spacious, clean and the beds comfortable.The hotel is a little distance away from the centre of things in Manhattan but Times Square was only a 15min walk away and Central Park was about the same distance the other way. The only negative we had was the breakfasts - the restaurant was pure chaos. If you are in a group it was very difficult to get a table. This would not be a problem if there are only 2 of you. There are also a good range of eating places within a very short walk.The area seemed very safe and walking around at night was not a problem. I felt far more comfortable walking around Hell's Kitchen in the dark than I do here in the UK!!The pool is only open early in the morning or in the evening but it was clean, well-supervised and large enough for a decent swim. A great way to stretch out your aches from the walking you will do!The concierge is very helpful (and very busy) and put us on the right track with subways and a trip to Woodbury Common (if you are going there allow a full day- it is rather large, and wrap up well, the stores are outside - it gave my wife an excuse to buy another jacket!).Would definitely stay here again, soon hopefully.	
Dec 19 2007	Mixed Feelings	We wasnt sure what to expect as we had never been before. On arrival the gentleman behind the desk was sightly rude, it was an evening arrival and we were hungry.We couldnt use the hotel restuarant facilities as they were booked out for a private function. So we basically had to drop our bags and find a restuarant in a strange big city. Our room was clean and comfortable with a sparkling clean bathroom and lots of fluffy white towels ( this remained throughout our stay) We were given a room at the back of the hotel which was ok but it was overlooking a very early morning noisy parking lot). The next morning we asked some questions on travel and ameneties from the concierge desk to which none of the questions could be answered so we made our own way out into the city.Three times during our 4 day stay we could not use the restuarant as it was booked for private use, We used the tenth street diner which was excellent. I just felt the reception staff had no customer service ability.	
Dec 18 2007 	Basic Clean and good location	My girlfriend and I stayed in the skyline for 4 nights recently and i must say everything was fine with the hotel. I am always one for reading reviews on as many sites as possible and there were a few people moaning about the decor, carpets etc but how often do you sleep on those?!We arrived late afternoon and checked in no problem. We made our way to the room and it was a great surprise. It had 2 king size double beds, a nice new bathroom and loads of storage space. Also much to our delight there was a view of the Empire State Building. The room was very clean and spacious.The hotel boasts a dining room (We didn't eat there as it was more expensive than the cafes down the road, one in particular called the Galaxy on 9th Avenue. Excellent breaky and great price). Also there is a bar but again we didn't use that at all as we were out from 9am-10pm most days so the hotel was only used to crash out. At one point we made our way to the top floor and found the swimming pool. I do not think it is used that often but would be great if you are with children or want some exercise (although the walking was enough for us!!)The concierge in the hotel was very friendly. We booked Empire State tickets with them and they said that if the weather was poor and we didn't use them then they would give us a re-fund. Luckily is was sunny one day so we went up to the top. Also they have discounts on shows and other theatre tickets so is always worth asking them.So our view is that we would definately stay in the Skyline next time we head to NYC. Ok, it's a 15 minute walk to Macy's and the Empire State but when you have so many sites and sounds it does not feel far at all. The tube runs from uptown to downtown and is efficient and fairly cheap. You can buy a 7 day tube pass for $24 i think but worth checking.A few tips: 1. Go to the visitors centre at Macy's with your passport and you receive 11% off your shopping 2. Remember that they add tax to almost everything so the price you see will need to have 11% added 3. Most places put between 8-12% tip when you go for meals. I though that was a bit cheeky expecially as some places the service was poor.	
Dec 17 2007	Awesome time	It was our first time visiting N.Y (4 girlie friends joined me to celebrate a special birthday)! The Skyline Hotel was execellent... rooms very clean and spacious. I will definitely go back to same hotel. Location good. Recommend Radio City (Theatre xmas show) it is just magical. Mamma Mia was amazing too. We all loved our time together, shopping in 5th Ave brilliant... what more can we say. Di Firkins from Worcestershire.	
Dec 11 2007 	A Basic but well located hotel	My wife and I have just returned from our first visit to NYC, and having read numerous reviews about the Skyline Hotel, I don't understand why fellow guests have been no negative about this hotel. I found Skyline to be clean and warm throughout our 4 day stay, the staff were kind and informative,and the hotel was 10 mins walk to Times Sq, and all the other attractions and was perfectly safe walking around especially at night, even though the hotel is in the notorius Hell's Kitchen area. We only used the restaurant fro breakfast, and it was fine, you could have Continental or American. Before you leave ask about the PAYG Internet Service in the lobby, you can check-in online 24 hrs before your flight and book your seats before you go to the airport and for $2 for 10 mins well worth it, you can do this on the PC in the lobby area.	
Nov 26 2007 	Grateful thanks	This was our third visit to The Skyline Hotel and we have never been disappointed. This time however things were slightly different. We arrived in New York on the Saturday afternoon and actually stayed near the airport travelling into The City by train that evening. The Sunday morning we collected our hire car and drove into Manhattan for a few hours before travelling on our way to do a 3 week tour of the New England States. My husband remembered the parking facilities at the Skyline and we headed there and parked up so we could then take the short walk into Town. Unfortunately my husband collapsed in the Street and had a seizure and spent the next 4 days in hospital. That evening making my way back to where the car was parked I called by the desk to see if they had any rooms. Luckily they did but each morning I had to ring reservations to see what was available. On the Tuesday morning I was told they were fully booked but the bell boy pointed to a young woman and told me to speak to her. This turned out to be Director of Operations - Daisy Ramerez - from that moment she became my star and helped me with so much. She went way above and beyond the call of duty and we will both be eternally grateful. She told me to stay where I was and told me the room was ours as long as we needed it. We had to cancel our trip as my husband was advised not to drive and I do not so Daisy helped me with cancelling all our bookings, she let me use her telephone in her office and then carried on making the calls after i went to visit my husband. I know this is meant to be a comment on the Hotel but I wanted to just let people know about our situation. She was the first warm human contact I'd had for two days apart from my Husband she truly was brilliant. Not everyone would have offered me support like that! The Skyline itself is in a splendid location, the rooms have recently been refurbished and ongoing work is happening in the dining areas. After my husband came out of hospital we had two days just walking about and taking in the beauty of the City. We hope one day to go back to New York and I'm sure we will visit The Skyline again. Daisy if you read this you were my &quot;guardian angel&quot; at a time when I was feeling my lowest - thankyou.	
Nov 19 2007 	Loved the hotel	Nice hotel situated not too far from Times Square &amp; Broadway, outside the hotel you have a busy main street, shops just across the street, hotel clean &amp; tidy, great food, nice bar, hotel room was good, great view of Manhatten, Internet In main lobby with the use of Hotels computers, drinks machine on most floors...	
Nov 19 2007 	great hotel fab location	ive just stayed at this hotel 9th november 2007 for 4 nights,,the brochure doesnt do the hotel justice,we booked it has a package including transfers,if you get a taxi it could cost you a fortune with the traffic,,the staff were helpfull there is a guard on all the time to help you,the rooms are very big 2 double beds,tv sky,games and internet in the room,,the bathroom was very clean fresh towels every day,,,we didnt use the restaurant or bar as we were out all the time there is a internet in the lobby which we used,,there is a pizza place facing the hotel which was good,,,, the hotel is 3 blocks from times square which is so close ,,,, i would recomend this hotel to anybody im a travel agent so i will be recomending it,,i went with a girl from work,	
Nov 19 2007 	Had NO Problems!!!	After the reviews previous on this Hotel I was not sure what to expect. We stayed from 10th -13th Nov 2007 and it was fine. We had no problems. The room was huge and had two double beds. My Daughter and I were comfy .The beds were clean and the bathroom too. Maids and all staff were great. The location wasn't bad with just a short walk along 49th Street to Times square. I suppose everyone see's this 'How they see it'! don't they..... We never had breakfast here... we always ate at the 10th Street Diner which was collected from previous reviews about this. That was great..... and very cheap too. Just out of the Hotel turn left , then on the other side of the road, just a few minutes away. After a couple of days our cards wouldn't swipe in the door..we called at reception and this was dealt with straight away.Had a great time... and will be going back.. beside other reviews!	
Nov 13 2007	A dive!	From the broken window that wouldn't close to the front desk that would not answer the phone--this place is NOT the place to stay--even on a budget!	
Nov 13 2007	great location but allows dogs	stayed 3 nights with a group in Oct of 07. great walking hotel. get to Broadway quickly. Felt safe. Breakfast good. However, be aware this hotel allows dogs and doesn't not require owners to take care of them. Barking dogs kept us awake until 3 am one night and the hotel would not do anything about it. Would only stay again if I could guarantee no dogs on my floor or within 3 rooms of me.	
Nov 12 2007 	Good value hotel!	My boyfriend and I stayed here for five nights in March 2006. We got a bus to the Port Authority bus station and walked to the hotel with our luggage, it wasn't too far. The hotel also wasn't far from the key locations, they were all within walking distance. The rooms itself was quite small, but we exected that. The room was clean and had a fridge, hair dryer and an iron. It was quite noisy in the hotel for a few nights as there were a lot of kids staying there, but it wasn't out of control noise! We would go back to this hotel if we were staying in New York again.	
Nov 8 2007 	plesantly surprised	To be honest after reading recent reviews on this hotel we where dreading our visit,but we could not have been happier,the hotel room was first class,spotless and well set out,we overlooked the main road but this added to our holiday and the views from our room could not have been better, the manhattan skyline was all lit up, We where on the Fourth floor and it was great.We aim to return next year and after walking around NY and finding other hotels that where also on our list we are going to book the Skyline again,because its a short walk to Times Square but far enough away from the busier part.If anything the restaurant staff where least helpfull and not as friendly,but we tried breakfast once and that was it...we explored Times Sq instead after that.The bell boys and the cleaning maids where brilliant as where the staff on reception and cabs wait outside the hotel ready to help.	
Nov 6 2007 	definatly going again	when we arrived at the hote we loved it, the staff were very helpful. Room was at the front of the hotel, on the 2nd floor and it was big and very tidy. the only down side was the concierge(think thats how its spelt) booked a taxi through her as we were unsure of getting to the airport on time for our trip home and spoke to her about whats best to do, she convinced us to book through a private company as they were 'trustworthy'....WRONG. She made it out that it was only us 3 being picked up and in the end there was 10 of us squashed in the van ($22 EACH)......if your on your own then far enough but if there are more than 2 get a yellow cab, get more room for the same price...anyway back to the hotel...Hotel was only a 10/15 minute walk from time square which was fab..also there is a boat trip down on pier 83, which is also very good and only a 10min walk.Im going back to new york next year and will be using the skyline again...2 thumbs up	
Nov 5 2007	The Bug House	Sorry folks but we stayed here for two nights as part of a tour and where very disappointed.Our room was in the front part of the hotel on the 2nd floor and on the second morning my partner and I had been bitten by bed bugs which we actually caught in the bed between the sheets at the lower end of the bed. (how gross!!)We spoke to our tour director about the problem and then presented the bugs to the manager. We did not even receive an apology from the manager he just grunted at us.The last we saw was the house keeping supervisor going to have a look at the situation we never heard another thing in relation to this problem.Seven days later I landed in hospital with an allergic reaction to these bug bites.The only good thing about this hotel is the location and the restaurant, its food was good and well priced.Apart from that take your insect spray with you.	
Nov 4 2007 	Great Hotel Great Location	My family and I stayed at the skyline hotel on 23rd Sept 2007 for 3 nights {wish it had been longer} We did not know what to expect as this hotel was cheaper than most and we were very pleasantly surprised. The location of this hotel is brilliant as you can walk easily to most of the sights , barely 10 mins from Times Square and Broadway There didnt seem to be many decent eating places in the near vicinity so we had our evening meals at the hotel, they were excellent, the waiting staff were very pleasant particularly the waiter who served us our MEXICAN CORONAS! The lounge area was lovely and the comfy sofas reminded me of FRIENDS; I just wish they would put on more lights it was very dark in lounge. Our bedrooms were on the 5th floor and had a fantastic view of the EMPIRE STATE BUILDING! The rooms were very clean and comfortable and I would recommend this hotel to anyone.We do hope to return to NYC and would definately stay at this hotel again. B SCOTLAND	
Oct 31 2007 	Its an ok place to stay	We stayed at the Skyline for 1 week from 21st October 2007. After reading some of the reviews i must admit i was a bit wary, but everything was ok. The room was fine, the bed covers were a bit &quot;70's chic&quot; but were spotlessly clean and we were given clean sheets and towels every day.  I'd also read that there were no wardrobes or hanging space, but we had a large walk in closet with coat hangers, an iron and ironing board and a safe, so i guess it just depends on which room you get. The worst thing was no tea/coffee making facilities, although there are a couple of deli's opposite the hotel. No fridge either.Like others have said the 10th avenue diner is the place to go for breakfast.The location is good, a 10 minute walk to broadway.Had a great time in New York. Have a great time if youre going- you lucky devils!!	
Oct 31 2007 	Unworthy of 3 stars - You can Pay Less and Get More Elsewhere!	First impression of hotel was clean, but dingy and a bit shabby. The staff, except the pleasant reception girl and the friendly Polish porter, were surly to say the least (I'd love to know where other posters found the friendly helpful staff - are we talking about the same hotel?) The bedroom was adequate, but the lack of coffee making facilities was a major disappointment (I thought every hotel had a kettle and coffee sachets in the room nowadays!) I'm afraid I do like a coffee when I wake up and whilst it may seem trivial to some,had I known this in advance, I would have booked elsewhere!After reading a review on Trip Advisor that mentions a fridge, we felt let down when this item had been removed. The bath plug was missing or didn't work so we had to make do with the shower.The view from the room was awful - a garbage area and spare parking lot underneath. Made a huge mistake on the first morning in using the hotel for Breakfast - burnt bacon, curled up sausages that had been revived from the previous day and very hostile staff. The bill was incorrect (one American and two Continental suddenly became three American (funny how they went for the more expensive one!) Needless to say, they didn't get a tip!(We didn't realise 10th Street Diner so thoughtfully recommended by the guys from Shotts was so close or so good!) From then on, we used 10th Street Diner and humbly suggest you do likewise! DO NOT USE THE HOTEL RESTAURANT - IT'S NOT WORTH IT!!!We always felt that you had to stay in the centre of things in the Big Apple, but that's not really the case. The Staten Island ferry is free and there are reasonably priced hotels there or if you stay a few stops on the subway, the combined subway and bus tickets are only $7 a day for unlimited travel. Since Mayor Giuliani exercised zero tolerance of thuggery, New York is pretty safe!Overall the Hotel was adequate, but not worth the money we paid - even budget hotels like Holiday Inn Express or La Quinta Inn offer more service and value!	
Oct 25 2007 	Good hotel - Great Location	Enjoyed staying at this hotel. Good clean double room with daily maid service. Showers were great!!!! Staff were helpful and we booked airport transfer from Newark and Broadway tickets from the front desk - reasonable prices.Don't bother using the pool or booking breakfast at the hotel. For breakfast go to the 10th Avenue Diner out the hotel and turn left - great place. Hotel not far from Times Square and Central park. Will use again if ever lucky enough to be in New York again.	
Oct 14 2007	Good base and decent price	I stayed in the Skyline a while back and if you aren't looking for something spectacular, but rather somewhere clean, safe and in a good location this could be for you.I didn't eat there at all so can't comment on that but the bar is friendly, has a decent atmosphere and although the rooms are basic they are nice enough.I didn't really deal with the staff a lot but they said hello and smiled when they passed you etc.The hotel is quite central, maybe a ten minute walk from broadway and Times square and, given the exhobortant prices of other NYC hotels this is as good a place as any.There are a few bars nearby and also some takeaway food stores and shops. All in all, given how much New York hotels cost, this is a decent choice.	
Oct 10 2007 	Alright for the money but don't buy the breakfast!	We stayed in the Skyline for 4 nights in July 07. The hotel was ok and the room was ok and a good size (apart from the smell of stale smoke - must have been an old smoking room). What let the place down though was the staff when something went wrong. We have 2 teenage boys and had no TV the whole time we were there and no-one cared. Don't whatever you do buy the buffet breakfast - rip off! When things run out that's just your tough luck cause they don't refil it. Go to the 10th Avenue diner (out the hotel turn left) as their breakfast is fab! The room and bathroom were clean and the parking was excellent as well. The hotel is well situated for Times Square and some excellent restaurants in Hells Kitchen. Most miserable member of staff award goes to the woman on the ticket desk at the Natural History Museum!	
Oct 1 2007 	Great New York Hotel	We've just had a family holiday in New York - the Skyline is rated 3 star on most sites but I would say it is definitely 4 star. Great accommodation, a very clean and comfortable place to stay for famlies.The rooms are spacious (4 of us stayed comfortably in the deluxe King with sofa bed) The staff were all very friendly and helpful, nothing was too much trouble for them. The pool on the penthouse must have one of the best views of the Manhattan skyline that I could see in comfort! We were lucky to have a clear view of the Empire State Building from our room in the newer block, 7th floor.The hotel is a leisurely ten minute stroll from Times Square, in a safe residential area. Lots of good places nearby to eat in 9th and 8th Avenues and good Deli's right across the road for cheap take-away food and drink.If we get the chance to go back to New York, we would stay there again. We would definitely reccommend this hotel to other families	
Sep 30 2007 	Average Hotel but good base for a short stay in New York	Had four nights here during a trip seeing the sights of new york. There was so much to see and do we didn't spend a great deal of time in the hotel. We found it to be clean and well priced so it was ideal for our requirements. Overall the staff were freindly and helpful but we didn't have any problems. They didn't however have any double rooms free on our arrival but we were instantly upgraded to a suit for our first night. Some may say its a pain to move rooms during your stay but we weren't complaining. The only thing which may surprise you is that the hotel is not a high rise building like most of the others. Considering it's name this did make me smile.	
Sep 26 2007 	'Great'	A friend who has family in New York recommended the Skyline and we were so glad she did, its a very nice hotel, with pleasent and helpful staff, which I might say is hard to find in New York! - Its close to Times Square and other groovy places, I am going to definately recommend this hotel to all my friends who are looking to visit... Skyline everytime ;o)	
Sep 21 2007 	Nice hotel shame about some of the staff	The Skyline is a nice hotel in a good location. It could do with a bit of modernisation but our room was clean and comfortable and the bathroom was spotless. I'd read reviews saying the area was a bit dodgy but found it to be OK - I suppose it depends what you are used to! Very handy for Times Square, and n.the excellent restaurants and diners on 9th Ave. We would have had an excellent stay but for one member of staff who was extremely rude and unhelpful when we had a problem (caused by a third party). If she had been as pleasant and helpful as the rest of the staff we would have been OK.Overall a reasonable stay and as I mentioned a good locatio	
Sep 19 2007 	Great Location Good Prices Nice rooms	My husband booked the Skyline Hotel in New York (manhattan) for our anniversary. The hotel has onsite parking for a daily fee (cheaper than the garages). The Skyline is on 10th avenue , so it is within walking distance of Broadway, rockefeller center, radio city music hall, david letterman show, and etc. The hotel has an indoor pool that overlooks the city. The pool needed an update back then, but it was still nice &amp; clean. The hotel staff was all very friendly and the room was really nice. The room was clean and the beds were comfortable. There was an attached restaurant, but there is so much good food in New York, we never even stepped inside the adjacent restaurant. Overall, I would recommend this hotel..it was clean, quiet, and comfortable at a good rate.	
Sep 6 2007	Very Pleased!	Just spent 6 nights at the Skyline. After reading some reviews was a bit concerned but was very pleasantly surprised. We stayed in a Deluxe Queen room. It was very spacious, clean and the beds very comfortable. The hotel staff was friendly and the maid service excellent. My daughter and I walked to and from Times Square every evening and always felt safe. It is a few blocks from the center of things but definitely within walking distance and away from the crowds. One of the best priced hotels for the value!	
Sep 5 2007	Stay somewhere else if you want any service	We travel a lot and stay in a lot of hotels but it is rare to find a combination of dirty rooms, smelly elevators and ridiculously rude and unhelpful front desk staff - but the Skyline did it ! As an example, when I asked about a late checkout I was told that it was &quot;impossible&quot; and that was the end of the discussion. Nice. Oh yeah and the recently upgraded rooms? We had to be moved because the room was too disgusting to describe and the TV did not work.The only pluses were the kids liked the pool and the view it provided and the room was quiet. Beyond that there were no merits to this hotel at all.In any other city this would have been a $59/night Motel	
Aug 25 2007 	Rodent in room	We found the staff unhelpful and unfriendly at best and rude at their worst. We also found that a mouse was sharing the room with us, staff were not apologetic or concerned and did not seem surprised. We were moved to another room which was not overly clean. If I hadn't already paid for the whole 2 weeks several months ago I would have moved elsewhere. I have never had such an unpleasant stay at a hotel. This was our third time in New York and we haven't had a problem before. We found the area around the hotel intimidating at times, there seemed to be a higher than average number of drug addicts and drunks nearby and we saw gangs intimidating people on a couple of occasions.	
Aug 5 2007 	Another great stay at the Skyline	We just returned from another great stay at the Skyline Hotel located in the Hell's Kitchen area. We stayed in room 549 in the newly renovated section of the hotel. The room was very large for NY standards (king bed with full pull out sofa- great for my family of four). The staff was great, the room was exceptionally clean. We arrived in NYC at noon and were unable to check into our room. The bell hop stored our luggage so we could start to enjoy the city. We parked our cars in the ramp next door for $10.00 per day (no in/out) which is reasonable in NYC. I missed having a coffee maker in the room but the Amish Market one block over on 9th had excellent coffee and bagels. Our TV did not work when we did finally check in at 6:30 pm but it was fixed by the time we arrived back at the hotel the next afternoon. (Not a big deal for us as we were too exhausted to care about TV!) We did not use the pool, so I cannot comment on that. Our room did have a small fridge- great for storing our Roxy's cheesecake! I would highly recommend the Skyline- don't be afraid of the Hell's Kitchen area either- we never had a problem even when walking from Times Square at midnight.	
Jul 26 2007 	great hotel	we just got back from new york and we spent three nites at the skyline hotel i had read reviews on the hotel before and was a bit afraid of what i would find but we were pleasantly surprised hotel clean staff helpful nice view of the city 3 long blocks to walk to broadway but it only took 10 minutes with a starbucks on the way all was great view from swimming pool was amazing at nite	
Jul 24 2007	Good location and value.	The location of the hotel is great. Two long blocks from subway. Close enough to Times Square to enjoy it. Far enough away to avoid noise and lights for good night sleep. No problems walking around area. Beds very firm - too firm. TV did not work - was told they were having satelite dish issues. Pool could have been opened a little earlier in the afternoon, but offerred a good way to rest weary legs and feet. No clock or radio in room nor coffee maker. Rooms were kept very clean.	
Jul 10 2007 	Don't forget your earplugs...	We stayed here Mar 9th thru' Mar 13th this year (just missed St. Patrick's day -d'oh!), and here's my thoughts...Pros :*Price - a very reasonable GBP480 for four nights, including taxes.*Room size - yowza! Big for NY, and the relatively small cost. We were in Room 409 - have a squint at the video I uploaded if you want to see size/layout etc (although I make no apologies for the quality of the film - there's a prize for anyone who makes it to the end without falling asleep...)*Facilities - there aren't too many hotels in NY with good sized pools, and the on-site parking is another definate plus.*Location - some folks might consider the Skyline's location too far out, but for us it was just perfect; a five minute stroll along to 8th Ave and safe day and night.*Maid service - efficient and unobtrusive, exactly what you want from a maid service.Cons :*No coffee-making facilities in the room (although some fab wee deli's across the road to fill that void, if required.)*No hanging-space in the room - tonnes of room and not one little rail to hang our clothes! We didn't really unpack for the five days we were there, just dug deeper into the suitcases!*Banging doors - this was the one thing about this hotel that I found hard to live with. We happened to be sharing a corridor with some kind of school/club gathering, hence every other room in our corridor seemed to have at least three teenagers resident. As you might imagine, there was a lot of room-hopping at odd hours of the day and night (...ahem...), and a remarkable lack of stealth and subtlety involved in said hopping. Basically, the room doors will bang unless you close them over softly. The teenagers in our corridor clearly hadn't mastered the art of soft door closing (a truly complicated task, after all...) and whoever was supposed to be supervising them had clearly drank themselves into oblivion in the bar, or some other such coping mechanism, so they went unchecked. Yes folks, there was a lot of banging going on in the Skyline that weekend...*Pool opening hours - not great. I would have much prefered early morning swimming, but the pool hours are late afternoon to evening.There has been quite a bit said on T/A about surly staff at the Skyline, but in general, I found the reception staff and porters to be okay - nothing to write home about, but certainly not rude. The same could be said of the breakfast room personnel.Will I go back? Absolutely, but I may have to begin a petition for soft-close doors before I go...	
May 6 2007 	Ups and downs	Today we returned form a 5 day trip to NYC. We picked the Skyline hotel because it had rooms for 4 (we travelled with our 2 young kids).Ups: more than enough space in the room (suite), concierge staff and bell boys were friendly and effective. Front desk staff were not too bad. Also the guys at the bar were fine. Maids performed well, the room was kept very clean.Downs: restaurant staff were terrible during breakfast. One lady calling herself &quot;Her Royal Highness&quot; at the bill (.. served by....) didn't give any attention to customers and never had a smile on her face. Only contact was her throwing (yes... with a bang) the bill on the table, while we just started eating. One other woman (being referred to as Mrs. BMW) tried to make up for this behaviour a bit.Don't expect much from the pool, the water quality is poor and during most of the day you cannot swim because it is used as a local swimming school. We also missed a coffee maker in the room, no coffee available in the lobby either. Like another reviewer we had also problems with our TV and the safe. Luckily our room had two TV's, so at least one was working. The safe worked again after I gave it a reset by turning it off and on again.	
Apr 30 2007 	customer service zero!!	just arrived back today from the skyline after 5 days, not impressed!!We stayed in new part of hotel, room lovely and nice new bathroom. Location of hotel not great, a good distance from centre of things and nearest subway. A bit nervous walking at night, could be a bit dodgy, ended up getting cabs back to hotel at night. Customer service on reception was appalling , staff so rude and unhelpful. Had 2 small problems with safe and tv, had to go to reception 6 times over 2 days before anyone would help us. When we arrived reception staff was having a shouting match with another guest and then when they finished 2 staff members took over and started having a fight also at front reception, it was appalling, guests everywhere, no apoligies, nothing!!!!! On the plus side the concierge staff were great, very helpful booking shows, trips ect. 1other thing the room had no tea and coffee making facilites, mam was very dissapointed with this as she loves her cuppa tea.Overall we were not happy with hotel, wouldn't reccomend it if you are thinking of booking it. You could get a cheaper hotel nearer to everything with good customer service.	
Apr 25 2007 	Great Hotel	After reading some of the reviews here I was a little worried about staying at this hotel however Im glad to say that I didn't need too.I stayed at this hotel from 11th Dec - 17th Dec 2006. We arrived a little early as was greated the helpfull &amp; polite receptionist. We was given our room key straight away. The room we had was a double and was quite large. The room was very clean &amp; Tidy and so was the bathroom. The room was always nice &amp; warm and apart from the usual sound of sirens in New York this was a quite hotel.We found the location ideal, as we don't mind short walks to the Metro or Port of Authority (main bus terminal). Here you can buy bus tickets to Woodbury Common (outlets) - This Is a must for all those bargin hunters - all the designers &amp; half price. Hotel was only about 10-15 mins walk to Times Square. We paid for breakfast every morning and wasn't disappointed. We did pay for one evening meal in the hotel which wasn't very nice though.... however this was the only let down. I would recommend this hotel to someone.	
Apr 10 2007 	Great place to stay	This was our third visit to NYC, but the first time that we were a little bit away from the centre. I was a bit spooked by a few reviews on here the day before we went, but am happy to report that the hotel is a pleasure to stay at. The Skyline is a little out of the City centre but it's close enough for everything you want. The rooms are big, very comfortable and well-serviced. The only thing I missed was the local NYOne TV Channel. The walk into the City Centre is pleasant and, as far as we were concerned, unthreatening - we had no qualms about walking out to the Broadway Comedy Store and then returning on foot at well past midnight. The front office staff were ok and very professional but I can understand why a few people found them unfriendly. The concierges were top blokes, all of them. The restaurant was well-priced and served good food, although breakfast at the weekends was confusing at best with one waitress telling you to serve yourself from the buffet and then having a breakfast arrive from the kitchen via a different one.The city was as wonderful as ever, I would - and do - recommend it to any one. Eat at Juniors and Roxy's, both well-priced delis. If you do nothing else get to the Empire State and Central Park; and if you are going for shopping, for heaven's sake, get a bus from Port Authority to Woodbury Common early in your visit, it is a fantastic shopping village and you get to see an hour of New Jersey from the bus window.We will stay at this hotel again.	
Apr 1 2007	a most pleasant surprise	Should have written this sooner. Don't have to tell you that Manhatten is extremely expensive. Thusly, I did not expect to get much for $200.00 a night ( a few bucks more when all applicable taxes were included)Fabulous location, a short walk to Time Square, and the Circle Line Cruise. The standard hotel room were clean, spacious, and the junior suite I booked for the other party, I traveled with very large and well appointed.The staff was cordial, and as others have mentioned, where else can you park your car nearby to the hotel you are staying atfor $10.00 a night?The breakfast brunch I believe at $14.95 was a good value for the offerings, and the fact that you didn't have to travel far for a meal.Only complaint is that the hours that the pool was open are restrictive. But then again, how many properties in Manhatten at any price offer indoor swimming.All in all, this is the place to stay in Manhatten if you are a price sensitive individual.	
Mar 31 2007 	you get what you pay for	having just returned from new york i would like to take the time to tell people of my experience of the big apple. Never having been to ny before i found my initial impression of the skyline to be very mixed as the room smelt and the beds were very firm almost lumpy.The staff were indifferent most of the time and our smelly room was opposite a buiding site where they worked until midnight the pool was a waste of time but it is definitley at the bottom end of the market so it serves a purpose as a base but not as a place to hang out.	
Mar 31 2007	Do not recommend!	Parking for the hotel is absolutely horrible. We had to wait 30-45 minutes just to park in the parking garage. The parking garage is also available to the general public. The guests are not given priority over other people parking for the day or an extended period of time. The cars are packed in like sardines and we had to wait in line on the street. The hotel attendants were not helpful with this situation. They pretended as though they did not know or understand about the parking situation. Cars were on the sidewalk and along side of the street. The rooms were satisfactory once we were finally able to get in one. At checkout, I asked for a comment card to fill out about our stay. They do not have any sort of survey for guests to fill out but there are couple of raving reviews on their website.If you absolutely have to stay at this hotel, I recommend arriving in the evening when parking may be available. Otherwise, spend the extra money and stay were the customer service is more likely to be provided.	
Mar 30 2007 	Fantastic hotel	I stayed at this hotel with a friend and I was a bit worried before we went due to the mixed reviews and the location seemed a bit far from the main attractions of New York.However, I couldnt have been happier with this hotel. We were put in the new part of the hotel and our room was big, clean and exactly what we wanted. The maid service was daily, with clean towels and there were two double beds in the room. The heating could be adjusted and there was also a safe, iron, ironing board and hair dryer in the room.The staff were friendly and very helpful, there was cheap internet acces and the adjoining restaurant had nice food and every drink imaginable to offer!We were only about a 5 minute walk from Times Square, with plenty restaurants and shops nearby.I would not hessitate to stay at the Skyline again and I would happily recommend it to anyone wishing to visit new york.	
Mar 29 2007	bad side - good side !	The bad side ...On first appearance of all the photos we saw of the skyline it looked fabulous. On arriving it looked neglected and dirty. The windows were hard to see out of for the dirt. The overall decoration of the Hotel was negelected .We were met at reception before check in by other hotel guests in a line complaining. We wondered what on earth we had let ourselves in for. Our room was clean and the maid was helpful. The menu in the hotel room had all the wrong prices for food. The bar charges different prices depending on the time of day ( odd).The only hotel i have ever stayed in that charged me for looking after my luggage on departure. The staff are tip mad ! The language barrier was a huge problem most of the staff spoke really bad english.Be nice when booking in and they will treat you well! Make sure if you complain you do it nicely!the good side , it was close to everything and the taxis were cheap from the hotel to every where we wanted to go and times square you could walk in 15 mins A good percentage of the staff were very very helpful and warm! , it was close to empire state building and central park it was in a quiet place and we slept fabulous! the food was good and the bar was nice you could watch life go by as you sat there. Like most hotels there is always good and bad but we have to be honest here, dont expect it to be anything like the photos your travel brochure will have ! the good side far out weighed the bad and we are definaltly booking again to stay here .	
Mar 26 2007 	Better than expected	I booked this hotel a day before I stayed there because I needed a last minute hotel with good rates. I was a bit nervous due to the mixed reviews but decided to give it a try. I must say that it was much better than I expected. If you are driving into the city, getting there is very easy. Their parking is very reasonable although they didn't have enough attendants working. I booked a king room but they didn't have one available when I arrived so they offered a room with two double beds. I was in a good mood and accepted the alternate room so they gave me free parking for the night (a $10 value but still appreciated). The room was extremely nice. It had new carpeting, furniture, bedding, etc. Everything was clean and very nice, including the bathroom. This was a big surprise because the hallway was a bit dirty due to some remodeling work they were doing. All in all.....I would recommend this hotel if you are looking for an inexpensive and clean place to stay in the city.	
Mar 15 2007	Exceeded Expections	After reading other reviews on Trip Advisor, my friend and I were not sure what to expect when we arrived at the hotel.However, we were really pleased with our room, which had been recently decorated, it was large, spotlessly clean and had towels changed daily. Although it was on the second floor overlooking 10th Avenue the traffic did not keep us awake and we had a great view of the New York skyline. I would recommend breakfast at the 10th Avenue Diner a few blocks away on the corner of 52nd Street. Excellent value and very welcoming.We did not eat or drink at the hotel so I cannot comment on the prices or service. The conciege at the hotel was very pleasant and helped us by providing maps and tickets to the Empire State Building and Ellis Island/Statue of Liberty ferry which meant we by passed the queues at both locations.The hotel is situated 10 mins walk away from Times Square and the area is so safe that we walked back from there at gone midnight on both nights. Something women on their own wouldn't feel safe doing in England.Overall, I would not hesitate to stay there again as it is an ideal location to use as a base for exploring the city.	
Mar 11 2007	Stroppy staff	Having just stayed at the hotel, our overriding memory was of rude, unhelpful staff, many who could barely speak a word of english. We also found the staff at the restaurant extremely rude, refusing to provide room service for breakfast for anything under $10, (even though it was $8.50 and they charge $3 room service charge!!)) - room service should mean ROOM service, and you would have to order a whole lot of breakfast to get over $10 every day. Pointless. We were also very surprised after a sleepless first night that the rooms that front onto 10th Ave do not have double glazing (it felt like you were sleeping on the street with the noise) which ensued a room change after having another stroppy conversation with reception. The heating in the hotel is also a joke, the room heaters, even when off, blow out hot air, wont blow out cold air, so the rooms get too hot at night and you cant have the window open because of the noise, hence more sleepless nights. Whilst the rooms were clean and the hotel generally acceptable, it is the staff that make your stay a pleasant one. I will therefore choose to take my custom elsewhere next time I am in NY.	
Mar 9 2007 	Overall Good experience	I stayed last year and forgot to review. and it seems that people only review when its bad. So...Cleanliness: checked all matresses and pillows before lying down, clean, no stains, no bugs.Bathrooms, clean, carpets clean. no dust.not updatated decor but, considering the price, your getting a good dealPARKING!!! i love this hotel for parking, most hotels park in lots and pile car on top of eachother. But this hotel has underground parking! 10 dollars a day for a car is really good compared to other lots. If u have any questions, dont hesitate to contact me.	
Mar 6 2007	Pleasantly suprised after reading mixed reviews	Sadly just returned from our first great trip to NY. Was not expecting anything special from hotel and are normally quite fussy about where we stay but we were unable to fault the skyline hotel. Staff friendliness was good, rooms were spacious and clean and the daily maid service provided nice clean towels.Food was only ok but you are surrounded by good eateries anyway.We stayed in room 511 which had a great view of the city skyscrapers inc. Empire State which was a nice suprise.It is 2/3 blocks (10/15 mins walk) from the hustle and bustle of the city so is away from most of the noise and still within walking distance which did not once feel unsafe .If however like us, you do so much walking that you want a taxi,they are widely available and reasonably cheap (min. $2.50 fare) and the taxi from JFK was $60 inc. tolls and tip.There is sooo much to do in NY and you really do only need a place to crash at night so this is an ideal hotel.Even if you dont get on with the hotel, you are guaranteed a fun, friendly and memorable time in the big apple!!!	
Mar 3 2007 	nice hotel good concierge service	This hotel is quite nice, we enjoyed our stay. Although we did have to ask 4 times to get the tv fixed, in the end they moved us to another room which was an upgrade but think this was because we had just got engaged otherwise they probably would of moved us to a room similar to the one we had already. The upgraded room was so much nicer. It had a huge king size bed which was fantastic, we had a great sleep and had a great view of the Empire State building. There was some noise (5th floor) from the street especially sirens from fire engines etc, but when we upgraded it wasn't as bad. (8th floor) It is very close to a train track to which was very loud but I only heard that once.The conciege desk in the lobby of the hotel was a great help. We booked all our tours through them and got cheaper theatre tickets too which meant no queues at the TKTS booth.(Although it probably would nave been even cheaper to get them from TKTS).The hotel does feel a bit far from the main action but then there's less noise. Takes about 10 minutes to walk into Times Square. The restaurant was great for food and reasonably priced. The staff aren't great but my fiance said it's the best salmon he's had. Breakfast was ok but not great, you have to pay extra for this. Overall a good stay and I would return to this hotel.	
Feb 27 2007 	good tourist hotel	I shared a room at the Skyline for a week with a friend, and we were both very satisfied with the hotel. My friend made the booking, so I can't speak to the price, but for the location, I was very pleased. It can feel a bit far west of some of the main attractions, and if you're not seeing shows or doing things in Times Square, you might choose another neighborhood. The hotel staff was friendly and helpful, providing new key cards when we lost one and changing the lock code to keep the room fully secure. The room itself was generous in size-- a queen size bed and a couch that folded out into a double bed. The bathroom was spacious and had all immaginable amenities. There was some noise from the street (although we were on the 7th floor), and even more noise from the room next door, where a family with children were staying. We discovered after several days that there was actually a large crack in the wall between the two rooms in one corner, concealed by the window curtains, but a crack large enough to see the light in our neighbors' quarters (hence the noise). The lobby and elevator often felt a bit chaotic-- this seems a popular choice among tour groups of high schoolers, geriatrics, and foreigners, so there were often busloads arriving or departing. However, for our needs, it was ideal, and for the right price, I wouldn't hesitate to use it again.	
Feb 22 2007	We would go back in a flash!	We had a very nice time at Skyline hotel. The rooms were clean and spacious, the parking, inexpensive, the location convenient and the staff friendly. We forgot some items and the staff found them and are mailing them free of charge. We were also given a courtesy upgrade. All in all, we were quite pleased. Only caveats: the pool hours are limited (but what a view) and we were in the renovated part of the hotel (back tower) and are told the other rooms are not quite as nice. We would go back in a flash!	
Feb 20 2007	Clean and basic only 	We stayed at the Skyline Hotel for 5 nights on Feb 15-19th with a group...........The plus's are: rooms are clean and fairly big....adjacent bar/restaurant and small gift shop.....close to alot of sights and attractions and subways.....friendly bellmen........ The minus's are: rooms have ONLY the basic's.....No clock, no radio, no coffee maker, very dirty elevators, TV had 2 channels and only one was clear..asked them to come fix it and they came and looked at it and said they would &quot;try to get us another one&quot;...and never came back....We tried to go to the bar which you can from the hotel lobby and it was locked from the inside and you had to go out to the street and enter that way...............why?	
Feb 7 2007	Its Very basic	When we arrived at The Skyline we found the reception area quite striking, nicely done with marble floors and Oak pannelling. However, when we tried to check in the receptionist was chatting to a colleague and then answered the phone before dealing with us! That put us off a bit but when we were seen to (by another worker) we were dealt with quickly and efficiently. The rooms were clean but very basic. Not recommended if you want to spend a lot of time in the room. It looked as though it had been recently decorated which appealed but the furniture was fairly old. The best thing about it was value for money and location, its a great distance from Times Square (5 blocks) and Broadway. All in all, I would go again but it was very basic!	
Feb 7 2007 	Not as bad as some would have you believe	Arrived at the skyline early evening after a long transfer from JFK. The hotel staff were extremely helpful (not that you would expect it from reading other reviews). The porter got our cases from the bus and took them straight to our room. We came across one problem with the room, the heating was red hot and could not be controlled. We put up with for one night and spoke with reception in the morning. Upon our return later that day, the heating was still too hot. We returned to reception who promptly moved us to a suite which was well decorated and very comfortable with a heating system that worked. The bar and restaurant staff were again really helpful and as we had both of our 2 year olds with us. They always went out of their way to make the kids feel welcome. The food in the restaurant is very good. The Breakfast is exceptional value for money. Bar prices are on a par with bars around the city and not inflated as you would expect. If I have one criticism, it would be the reluctance to cash more than $100 worth of travellers checks in a day. This was a bind but one that was overcome with a trip to Macy's. The concierge service is excellent as they can arrange visits to virtually anywhere which ensures you dont encounter queues. One word of advice though, if you book a harbour tour through them, always call the operator and confirm the booking as you may not get on the boat as a walk on even though you have paid the initial deposit through the hotel.All in all, we had a good stay at the Skyline and would definitely recommend it to others.	
Jan 30 2007 	Where to start?	We booked our stay at the Skyline through AAA. They had given it a 3 star rating and the rooms on the website looked fairly nice. Once we arrived the check-in was a bit testy as the clerk kept asking me for a voucher which my husband apparently had but was dealing with the parking attendant who, by the way, is not associated with the hotel. We were finally led to our room in the older section of the hotel. While the room had recently been painted and re-wallpapered, there was almost no furniture other than beds and TV. Lamps and phone were on the floor as was all our stuff. They supplied a creaky ironing board with no iron. The carpet was covered in paint - it seemed that it had not been covered during painting. All-in-all not a pretty sight. We asked for a new room but were given the run around. The next day we asked again and were told maybe later on in the day. We decided to pretty much only come back to sleep and when we arrived back they at least had scrounged up some old chairs (no one wanted to sit on them) and a desk so that we at least could put the lamp on it. All night long the pipes banged and rattled - no one could sleep! I will never stay here again - what a dump!	
Jan 20 2007 	A mixed bag	I stayed at the Skyline twice, once in August of 2006 and again in December. The two visits were quite different.The quality of your stay may well depend on which part of the hotel you stay at, the older more motel like one, or the newer section. For my August visit, we stayed in the newer section. The room was excellent--large, clean, appeared to have been recently decorated. I had no complaints.My second visit, in December, was not quite as good. We were in the older part of the hotel, and when we got off the elevator, found there was painting going on in the hallway, with the resultant smell. I called down to the front desk to see if they coud give us a room away from the paint smell. No, they were full and had no other rooms. So we tried to settle in. The room had a standard sort of motel look--furniture a few years out of date, a bit worn but serviceable. The room was clean but small.The bathroom floor was bizarrely slippery even though it was dry. You could 'skate' on it. I must say, I was impressed by the lovely floral tiles on the the bathroom walls.Once we took our shoes off, we realized that the carpet in the room was soaking wet, not just in one spot but all over. I called down to the front desk and spoke to someone else, who did find us another room. The carpet was soaking wet in this room too! I assume they had just finished cleaning the carpets. Good of them, but. I wanted to change rooms again, but my companion didn't so we just made the best of it.	
Jan 13 2007 	No Complaint's!	My boyfriend and i stayed at the skyline from the 4th January till the 8th 07. After reading the reviews on tripadvisor, i was expecting a poor reception and average hotel, however this was not the case. On arrival to the hotel i was asked to show my passport as proof of i.d and to my horror i realised i had lost it at JFK. The lady on reception was very helpfull (unlike most New Yorkers we met) in giving names and numbers of people to contact. On all occasions i found the staff to be friendly including those in the bar and restaurant. I requested a high floor and i am so glad i did this! It was a big room which was really quiet and had a fantastic view of the empire state, it was beautiful. The bed was comfy although the room was sometimes too hot and there are no fans to hire. The noise level was not too bad. I imagine all of New York to have certain amount of noise, but it wasnt like sleeping next to a motorway as i was lead to believe! If you have an evening return flight, they will look after your luggage at $1 per item, which i thought was very reasonable.You have to check out by 12pm. Food in the restaurant is average and slightly overpriced. The breakfast is American style and doesnt include anything healthy eg mushrooms tomatoes or beans. Overall we were pleased with our stay, i would stay here again!	
Jan 6 2007 	new york babyliverpool is the best tho :-D new york rocks woop woop	we booked r hotel 4 r holiday from the liverpool echo paper baby :-D.wen we got there the road woz ded busy an coz i got mixed up gettin off the wrong side of the bus i nearly got ran over haha crazy it woz,then wen we got in the hotel it woz nice but a bit weird tryin t find the lift,an then ya get cheeky sods tellin u t press the button 4 them haha wats tha about like,there woz enough room t do cart wheels down the hall ways an the rooms were ded big an the beds were ded cumfy,yeah woz a boss hotel wud stay there agen specially wen ya go t the top an ya can the empire state buildin lit up at night,BOSS	
Jan 3 2007 	A mixed review	When we arrived at the hotel the first thing we saw was the liquor store with some dodgy looking people hanging around. We were going sight seeing and as there were quite a lot of people around at the time we decided to walk towards Time Square. Our fears were unfounded as the area was okay and it was within easy walking distance to the main tourist areas. Also, because we were going on a cruise from the nearby port, the location couldn't have been better. We walked the two blocks with our pull along suitcases to get to our cruise ship.We stayed at the Skyline on two differant nights. The first night the room was quite shabby but clean. The second stay, 12 days later ,we were put in a differant part of the hotel which was a bit better although the elevators were really shabby in both sections of the hotel. The staff at the front desk were not very friendly and the porters were helpful but they new there would be a tip at the end for their efforts.If I was going on another cruise from New York Port I would stay there again but otherwise for the money it cost , I feel I could get better.	
Jan 2 2007 	Okay but could have been better	Stayed at the Skyline for the weekend of New Year's Eve. Chose this place for the location and price. It was still pricey but we had 7 people staying in 2 rooms so overall the cost wasn't too bad. My main issue was with the front desk person as he would not allow me to check-in to the room because my name wasn't the first person on the booking reservation. This was also a combination problem with the on-line agency as they didn't send the hotel the list of names of those staying in the rooms. The front desk clerk would not accept my printed e-mail voucher from the travel site which contained the billing information and names on the reservation. I either had to wait 2 hours for when my friends arrived or call the travel agency to get them to fax a note to say that I was indeed supposed to be staying there. The clerk was rude, unhelpful and treated me as if I was trying to pull a scam on him. I was totally embarassed as there were others waiting in the line-up and frustrated as the bill was already charged to my credit card from the travel agency. When I was finally able to check-in, I found the rooms to be basic yet large and functional. The shower's water pressure was awful however. The rooms served their purpose and the hotel was within walking distance to Times Square, Rockefeller Centre, NBC Studios, 5th Ave and Central Park. On a closing note, 2 of my friends inquired at the front desk (another individual) about the cost of a taxi to La Guardia airport. She said she had a friend who would bring them there for $45. They took a NY taxi instead and it cost them $35!!! Bottom-line is that the hotel is OK but contact with the personnel could damper the pleasantness of the stay.	
Jan 1 2007 	Good local!	The hotel localization is a few minutes walking, for the many atractions in NYC, like theater (Broadway), Times Square, Empire State Building, the city tours begin, the circle line cruise, etc. The staff in the lobby is so rude, but the housekeepers are so friendly and simpathetic. Nothing, is gratuit, the wi-fi costs 9,95 USD for 24h. Our room was standard, and not have microwave and refrigerator, but the rooms are clean, spacious and confortable. The room heather was not enough. When we need a doctor, the hotel do not provided, they sad that is because was saturday, and the staff do not help us about the doctor near the hotel.	
Dec 14 2006	Good hotel...great location!	Stayed here in early December. Many of the hotels in the area were EXTREMELY expensive and this was a good value and the room was large. We were only a few blocks from Time Square so you could walk to a lot of the hot locals, restaurants and shopping!	
Dec 5 2006 	Good Base in a Busy City	My wife and I stayed at the Skyline hotel in New York for three nights in November of 2006. We had never been to America before and were unsure what to expect from the hotel or the city. We were not disappointed.We were only in New York for three days and we wanted to see as much of the city as we could. Because of this we we leaving the hotel before 8.00 am and not returning until 10.00 at night. We did not eat at the hotel as that is not the thing to do in New York so we cannot coment on the meals or the restaurant.When we first arrived we were met by the receptionist who was quite abrupt with us and the porter did not offer to take our bags up to the room. The room was large and tidy with two double beds. The bathroom was very clean and was kept that way by the staff throughout our stay. There was a built in wardrobe with a safe for our use inside. I would rate the room as iarge, very comfortable and clean. Staff came in every day and made a really good job of making the beds etc.Tipping was something I found unusual in New York. It is expected and after service in a restaurant etc the staff will tell you how much you should be giving them as a tip. It is usually somewhere between 10 and 20%. But they do not always deserve it. I did find staff in stores etc to be quite rude and ignore you, especially when actually serving you. The 'Hello' and 'Have a nice day' appears very false and doesn't last very long. Having spoken to other people who have visited America this could be something that is just perculiar to New York. Or perhaps it's just me!The Skyline hotel is about ten minutes walk from Time Square through a reasonable area. I felt safe in all the areas we visited which was all of the main tourist areas. There are no restaurants in the immediate area of the hotel but there is a deli right opposite which sells sandwiches etc to keep you going. We tried several delis and restaurants were not disappointed with the standard of food, the portions or the prices.Everyone should visit New York and we will definately be going back in the next couple of years. I would recommend the Skyline hotel. It was clean and convenient for getting around the city. I would also recommend the Grays bus tours of New York which were very informative and reasonably priced.	
Dec 3 2006	Bad.	So this place isn't that great. My room was accused to breaking the window, and they told us to pay a 50 dollar fine. They had no proof that we broke something and we didn't even touch the window!At first, they said it was the window SCREEN. There were no screens on the windows. Then they changed it to handle. A towel was also stolen from my room...Bad service too. Lazy staff.There was also a hole in the closet door... and the toilet didn't work properly.	
Nov 22 2006	It's not Hell or Heaven!	Travelled from Ireland and stayed here - its in Hell's Kitchen though they don't advertise that much but don't let it put you off. Staff are either rude/lazy or good fun. We encountered all 3 whilst staying there. Rooms are filthy but the breakfast room is somewhat clean and the food isn't bad either. Location is very good - a pleasant stroll to main attractions so no complaints there. Probably would not return there based on hygiene of the room only - lots of staff but some seem immune to doing actual work, prefer standing around looking miserable.Happy holidays!	
Nov 8 2006 	Good hotel for the money	Very nice value and hotel for NYC. Had a newly renovated room on 7th. Good stafff, good area, highly recommend for the money.	
Oct 31 2006 	Very nice and clean hotel	Very nice and very clean hotel not far from the theatre district. Lots of restaurants across the street. Metro (50th street) is 15 min. walking. Staff was nice and friendly. Rooms were great, large comfortable and clean. Nice congerge to help you with all your questions about your stay in New York. Buy tickets for the Empire St. B. in the hotel. Saves you the waiting in the tower. Go to the pizza restaurant accross the street (name was like fat xxxx). Very nice pizza. One negative point was the fact that we needed a babycrib and for this you had to pay $20 per nigh..... Nevertheless good value for money.	
Oct 30 2006	Noisy but not bad value 	3 Middle aged(that's being kind to one) ladies from Scotland, we spent 10 nights at the SKYLINE in October 2006. No faults with cleanliness or chamber maids, front of house staff were a different matter. Not very helpfull at all ! We had planned a trip to Niagara Falls but the day before we were due to fly to Buffalo there was heavy snow and Buffalo airport was closed, when we asked for assistance at reception to find out what was happening we were told that as it was not New York they were not interested.WE managed to find out ourselves that the airport had re-opened but it did not give a very good impression of the hotel. Any-one who is a light sleeper should take ear-plugs with them as 10th AVE is extremely noisy all night long. Probably better for young people or hard of hearing!	
Oct 25 2006 	I Love New York!	Adorable Boutique Hotel just steps away from the Theatre District! Great walk to Central Park..more than a stroll but very walkable! The room was fantastic! Hugh with king bed and sitting area with Loveseat and chair. Snack area with table &amp; chairs. Beautifully furnished and appointed. Immaculate! I felt like I was in a suite at the Ritz! Has great sightseeing buses just 2-3 blocks away. Best part of all..really cheap parking for the City. It was so convenient to all the theatres..only a 10-15 min walk with great restaurants all along the way. The staff was awesome and they treated us very well. This hotel is pet friendly! The desk was so kind...even saying I should keep his carrier unzipped so he would be able to see around..plus they &quot;made over&quot; him..that makes MAMA happy! Rates through hotels.com VERY reasonable. Plan to go again in 07 when we visit our daughter who lives there.	
Oct 20 2006 	no bells or whistles clean and comfy 	read earlier reviews, got to admit doubtful before we got there. hotel is clean &amp; comfy, ideal for most who just want a bed to sleep in at the end of a day sight seeing. 10 -- 15 mins walk to Times Sq.i would recomend the all loops bus tours guides are informative, easy hop on hop off, regular approx every 1/2 hour. Top of the Rock (rockerfeller center) has excellent 360views i believe better than Empire state building (done both)Eating out your spoiled for choice I highly recomend Virgils BBQ west off TimesSq the Brisket melted in the mouth! excellent.If your after the named shops head to the north end of 5th ave Bloomingdales, Tiffany, Cartier, Boss Armarni etc all together.Take good shoes ... As my old granda used to say..Good Shoe's and a good bed is all you need in life.. cos if your not in one your in the other	
Oct 13 2006 	Great Value for a Family	We were looking for an affordable room with 2 double beds which seemed to limit our choices in NYC. The Skyline seemed like it was a good deal but out of the way. When my SIL &amp; I both went to book it, the rate ended up even lower than quoted, a nice bonus! The rooms were large enough, I've been in some very small rooms in NYC, and the bath quite roomy. When we reserved, we were told that it would be in the older section, but we were placed in the newer section. Even though we were only on the third floor, the room was exceptionally quiet, no street noise at all. There was even a mini-frig in the room (empty, no mini bar, all for our use - perfect for families). The room was clean and neat, and the beds comfortable enough, not lush like a hotel twice the price, but again, a good value.When we walked back from Times Square, we were happy to see how close we were. The out of the way hotel wasn't out of the way at all! And a bonus was the $10 parking that the hotel offered. Many times we've gone to a hotel where it costs a fortune to park your car. We were there with a 5 and 12 year old and managed to get into the pool once on Sunday morning (we were there Sat to Mon) and the girls loved it. The pool is only open during the day on weekends and in the evening on weekdays. The view was fun so even if it's closed, it's worth a trip to the 13th floor. We never used the restaurant in the hotel, but did check out a great restaurant on 9th and 50th for Sunday brunch. There are a lot of eating places in the neighborhood, so don't settle!	
Oct 7 2006 	Skyline is Fine	We stayed at the Skyline Hotel and we were very pleased. Front desk staff was polite and helpful as was the concierge. We were given a free upgrade to the newer suite section which was a treat. The room itself was clean as was the bath facilities and bedding.We enjoyed the pool. Ate many meals at the restaurant in the hotel. The food was very good and so was the service. I would definately stay here again and recommend it.	
Oct 4 2006 	Excellent location!!!	My husband and I stayed at the Skyline for a long weekend with our two young sons (ages 7 &amp; 9) and we loved it. It was just minutes from Penn Station and minutes from everything else. We were amazed at how short the walk was to Times Square, Rockefeller Center and Central Park. It was easy to navigate the neighborhood and get to the subway stations, etc. The ability to walk with ease to and from all of the locations we wanted to see was wonderful. My boys never complained about the walking. The hotel restaurant served wonderful food at dinner, pricey but that is to be expected in a hotel restaurant. The breakfast buffet was ok, but probably not worth the money. There is an incredible little place just up the street on 10th that has wonderful food for all meals and is incredibly inexpensive. The hotel lobby was really nice and the room was just fine. It was plenty big enough for the 4 of us. It is not a 5 star hotel but you know that when you book it. It was clean and neat and that is all we needed. The heated pool was a great hit with my boys on the first night because it was raining all day and night. It most certainly could use some updating all around, but the boys did not mind at all.I would absolutley stay at the Skyline hotel again.	
Sep 29 2006 	Great hotel in great location	I booked this hotel for a 3 night stay over the weekend of the september 11th anniversary. Due to the odd negative rewiew I was understandly a little nervous upon arrival. I'm so glad I didn't let them influence me!The reception staff were more than friendly which suprised me considering what I read. even the maids and cleaners will noticebly polite and friendly. I'm from the UK and this was my first trip to the United States and the Skyline couldn't have made it any easier. I was travelling with a friend and we had a standard suite with two (very comfy) double beds. We had great air con and more importantly a very decent bath and shower. There's a couple of great Deli's opposite and a subway take out literally one minute down the road so for quick snacks and even meals, this was great. The first night there we decided to just walk and see where we found ourselves. That's how safe we felt in the area! Suprisingly, after about ten minutes we found ourselves in Times Square. This made my day as I was expecting it to be a lot further away! I can actually say that we loved the location. We didn't use the subway or even a taxi once over the whole stay. This might have been different if we were there for longer but over three days we just walked back and from the hotel with ease. To give you an idea, amongst the places we walked to from the hotel were Central Park, the Rockefeller centre, Times Square, Macey's and the Empire state Building.There's not much more to say as we had no problems what so ever! Unfortunately we didn't have time to enjoy the heated swimming pool but it's still worth mentioning. The staff couldn't have made it any easier on our departure day. They looked after our bags for a doller and booked a shuttle bus to take us to JFK; leaving us to enjoy our last few hours without worry. There was also a great little gift shop in the hotel that's superb for last minute prezzies! The owner is a lovely woman.If I return to Manhatten (which I think I probably will!) I'll return to the Skyline hotel for definate.	
Sep 11 2006 	fantastic hotel	My wife and I had the pleasure of staying at the Skyline for a week, this was our first time in New York, we were rather apprehensive about staying in Hell's Kitchen, but all our fears were unfounded.The hotel was very good value, the staff extremly helpful, in particular the concierge Norman lees and his wife.The hotel was well situated and in walking distance of all the major sites in the city.We found 9th Avenue excellent for dining out.All in all a great holiday, and we will be back next year.D&amp;R Shiers, Liverpool, England.	
Sep 8 2006 	Skyline Good Value for money	Reviewer John from Fife in ScotlandI was concerned seeing a lot of the feedback on this website, but when we arrived we had a very clean comfortable room. Very handy for Times Square 10 minutes walk. Empire State Building 20 minutes walk. Great Delis right across the street. Area was safe so no problems.I reckon this hotel was very good value for money. Great location if flying in from Newark Airport.I would come back again anytime.	
Sep 7 2006 	The staff is unbelievably bad	We stayed at the Skyline Hotel from Friday, September 1st through Monday, September 4th. My parents stayed an extra night in a second room. As I was waiting in line to check in I got a taste of what my weekend would be like in this hotel. The front desk attendant received a call from a hotel guest who was asking directions. He was very condescending and as he was hanging up – before the phone even made it to the cradle, he says “idiot”. Nice way to treat your guests – especially as another guest (me) is checking into two rooms. When first arriving at our room the door key would not work and the bellboy had to let us in the room. This happened once a day for the next four days – we had to keep going to the front desk to get new door keys. We had adjacent deluxe king rooms – which for some reason the hotel “couldn’t” unlock the doors that would join our two rooms together. The two rooms were very large and newly renovated (however, the pipes in the bathrooms looked like they were rammed through the wall – the wall paper and the actual wall were broken to pieces around the pipe in both bathrooms). There was a pool on the penthouse level of the hotel which was a nice amenity even though the hours were limited. We ate at the adjacent restaurant for breakfast our first morning – that was a mistake as it was mediocre at best. Skip this and find a local diner. The hotel is about 10-15 minute walk to Times Square (and the closest subway). We also walked home from a harbor tour at Pier 83 in 10-15 minutes.The television in one room wouldn’t work properly – the maintenance crew came no less than four times to “fix” it with no success. They did end up giving us free parking for our troubles.Checking out of the hotel was another nightmare. I had reserved the rooms online – on their own website – and had the printed reservation with me. My parents, who stayed an extra night, wanted to move into my room because of their t.v. problems, so I tried to check out of their room. The lady wouldn’t let me do this (not that she even knew who was staying in which room because all the reservations were in my name). First she had to argue that I reserved both rooms only through Monday. When I showed her the reservation printout she got very snotty and asked if I reserved the rooms through their website (YES!!). She finally made me check out of my room and said my parents could put their things in the closet while the room was made up. I then told her that she didn’t check them out of their room. Boy, that caused attitude problems. She spent a good ten minutes looking for the slip for that room. She then gave up and said they would just mark it “signature on file” instead of having me sign the form. I wanted to pay for both rooms and this was really throwing her for a loop. When I get the second invoice from my parents I will be surprised if she charged me the right rates. They acted as if the hotel was so full they couldn’t accommodate us, when in fact there were tons of empty rooms. The woman with the attitude first said the manager was not there when we first requested to see him/her. Then, five minutes later when she got so flustered she disappeared saying she had to check with the manager. Hmmmm. My parents had additional problems checking out the next morning as well. So much so that the manager came out and gave them $40 off their room and said if we came back again he “might give us a discount”. My father told him they were never coming back here and the manager kept badgering him as to why not.All in all, the “deluxe” rooms were roomy for us – two adults and a small child in the king bed and a 13 year old on the sofa bed. The distance to local attractions was not too bad. But goodness, can’t they get some competent staff at the hotel? The best employees were the bellboy who was very friendly and the pool attendant who gave us great directions to Yankee Stadium. As for the front desk staff – avoid them at all costs.	
Sep 4 2006	Great Bargain for the $	I have just returned from a long week end in NYC and I had 2 bus loads of tourists (72 people). We had 30 rooms booked at the Skyline. I started to get worried as I read some of the reviews. But for my group, the location and price were fantastic. Most of the group took kids or family, so to get a bargain like this, at a clean hotel, that is a short walk to Times Square,was great.We paid the union baggage fee for 72 bags in and out ($360) and when we arrived at 1am, there wasn't a bellman there, but everyone just took their bags and headed to the room. When we checked out, we had to put our luggage in the ballroom for a later bus pick up. The bellman counted the bags and told me we had more than 72 bags, and the contract stated 72. I explained about no one carrying the bags in, and he said OK, they would load them all. (that was Remy that we dealt with and he was nice)The rooms were good, and clean. A few people said they only had a stand up shower in their room and that it was small, but so what. I felt very safe in the neighborhood even walking back from our play late at night.I dealt with the hotel manager, Sharon Davis and Daisy Ramirez and they were both very pleasant. My group wants to go back next year and we will probably stay here again.The front desk people were all very nice to deal with.If anyone has any questions, please e mail me. As I said, I was worried and it turned out GREAT!!!!!!!!!!!	
Sep 1 2006 	Skyline not worth the trip!	The Skyline Hotel has a very unpleasant, rude front desk staff.Their pool, which is advertised on their website as their main amenity, is closed more often than it is open. The hours posted on the website are not the actual hours the pool is open. It is overpriced and not worth the trip!	
Aug 21 2006 	Service OK Rooms Better than average	We returned yesterday from a weekend stay at the Skyline. The fact that I had never heard of it during all of my other many visits to NY, along with some of the reviews here, concerned me. However, my family did not experience the rudeness others did. The Asian receptionist (does she know this site is making her notorious?) did not smile, but she gave adequate service; then again, no one else was there when we checked in. I did not like having to pay to check my bags either for the day we checked out, but apparently free checking is only when you arrived early, not staying late. (Doesn't make sense to me, but like paying the toll only one way in the LIncoln Tunnel, it must make sense to them...)I, too, found the concierge captain, Norm, and his female assistant pleasant and helpful, but unfortunately they gave incorrect info regarding Sunday service stops on a particular subway line, as well as incorrect Saturday bus information. No biggie, but it was annyoying; I would have simply walked back from my appointment and saved myself from wasting time waiting!The room surpised me. It was larger than NY standards, clean, totally redone, and fully stocked with everything we needed. We had the deluxe for $179, which was worth it if one needed a refrigerator. (This room is on special during the week for $149, by the way.)We used the pool both days; it was wonderful to be able to take a dip in the heated water after a day of walking, before getting ready for dinner. It actually is much nicer than the pool at the Sheraton, and outside of that and a hotel near the UN, I know of no other NYC hotel pools. It is a little out of the way, but if one does not mind walking or plans on taking cabs everywhere, it's still close to the major areas of midtown.There were actually 2 things that bothered us...one, when we were cancelling earlier reservations, that receptionist kept transferring back to &quot;Reservations&quot; even when I tried to tell her no one was answering, on a workday. Nor did the manager or assistant manager answer, for almost 2 hours. Since you need to cancel by 3 pm or be charged, I started to worry. Finally someone answered in Reservations and said that she had called my number and had gotten a &quot;no-service recording&quot;, which sounded made-up to me, since other people were able to reach me! So, if you need to cancel, start trying as soon as you know, just in case...Secondly, the water pressure in the shower is terrible! If one has thick or long hair, it will take about 3 times as long as usual to rinse shampoo out. I finally turned on the bath spigot and just knelt down, that's how bad it was!Overall, our particular experience was not bad, and for one or two nights, it offers decent accomodations for the price.	
Aug 16 2006 	Ignorant Arrogant Staff!	August 1, 2006 First of all let me say that the hotel itself (not the older standard rooms, but the newer deluxe rooms) is a great find as far as midtown Manhatten goes. It's on 10th Ave. right in the heart of Hell's Kitchen and has fairly large rooms as opposed to the NYC standard. The subway is a few blocks away, but i never had trouble getting a cab out in front. With that said, if you value customer service AT ALL then stay far, far away from the Skyline.This is the second time i've stayed here and the second bad experience i've had at the Front Desk. This particular visit i had booked my reservation online thru the hotel's own website the evening prior to arrival. The Asian woman at the counter told me she could not find the res and i should go sit down while she spoke to the Guest Services Mgr. She continues to check-in other guests, some she sends to sit down on the couches as well and wait. After 40 minutes of no eye contact or explanation i approach the desk again only to be put off again. 10 minutes later i'm asked to go in the GSM's office (Latina woman) and i'm grilled as to why i did not have a printed confirmation as opposed to the handwritten one i had with me. The GSM actually tells me to sit at her desk to find my reservation myself because she can't find it and now they want to charge me $269 as opposed to the $149 rate i booked. It takes me literally 2 seconds and i pull up my reservation - booked at $149 and would you BELIEVE not one apology? She laughs and says how silly computers can be and how they always have problems. Again no apology, just a lecture about how if i had a printed confirmation (as oppposed to the same numbers handwritten) it would have been somehow more helpful. After this you would think she would've gotten our keys and took care of us, but instead we were made to go back in line again. When we asked for a $20 upgrade to a different room they again snickered and said they couldn't possibly do it for free. By this time we just wanted to get to our room (#839). It was very spacious, however we did find hair in the tub and cigarette holes in the sheets of the pullout sofa - not a huge deal but my friend did call housekeeping for extra towels and mentioned the hair and instead of an apology she was told it was impossible because the woman that had cleaned the room never had any complaints. Incidentally we never got the towels... Also the soda machine on the 8th floor only spit out regular coke, no matter which button you pressed (we tried twice). When we called the Front Desk she told us to go to the gift shop in morning for a free replacement. The gift shop's attendant was wandering the halls and we were in a rush. We waited for her to come back inside and explained the incident. She was an elderly lady who yelled at us for taking 2 bottles and said we could only have one. We took the 2 anyway and walked out with her cursing us the whole time. Another interesting fact - this may be the only hotel in NYC that CHARGES the GUEST to leave your luggage for the day. I only stood there for 10 minutes and in that time i witnessed 5 people tell the bellman in no way were they paying for that service. Everyone kind of ganged up on him and put their luggage on his cart, including us without paying the $2 fee. All in all, unless you've got your boxing gloves on and ready for a fight at the counter and enjoy being treated like your an INTRUSION instead of a paying guest - do not stay here!!!!!	
Aug 13 2006 	We liked it !!!	We booked the Skyline as our first choice, the Roosevelt was'nt availiable and there not being a lot too choose from in our package the pool swung it.I really liked the area finding genuine local bars and resteraunts with character as opposed to the big yawn chains. We stayed in the smaller front part, our room was clean and tidy if a bit shabby but it was spacious and met our needs.The front desk were not the most helpfull but the girl on the information desk was excellent giving us some good local eating tips and being able to get Empire State tickets was a real help saves much queing. The attatched bar was the perfect place to unwind over a last beer before retiring.The pool isnt up to much but wait till about an hour after opening and all the kids have got bored and you can have a pleasant dip with excellent veiws over the city.I would come here again for the proximity to the excellent 9th avenue bars and resteraunts although if you were a first time traveller to New York it may not have the wow factor and the area might be a bit too real for some.	
Aug 10 2006 	Disgusting	I have just stayed at this hotel. It is quite frankly a dump. Some of the rooms may be renovated but the rest of the hotel is in bad shape. The waiting area in the lobby is filthy. It also didn't help to see an exterminator spraying for bugs in the waiting area leaving serious pools of liquid pesticide at the base of the walls and floor (too gross). The halls leading to the elevators (and the elevators themselves) are not air-conditioned and you can't breath. These public areas are damp with humidity that has caused the entire hotel to smell. The rooms smell. On top of all of this, the hotel lost it's water during my stay. I woke up one morning to find no water coming out the tap or shower...this lasted hours. Thank god they finally fixed it. Horrible stay...so stay away unless you can stomach.	
Aug 10 2006 	beware of very rude employees!!!	as someone who travels to new york frequently on business, i sometimes find myself at the skyline hotel. I always try to stay at the travel inn on 42nd, but when that's not possible i stay at the skyline because i can also park my car under hotel for reasonable fee.the hotel itself is not so bad, i actually just stayed in a very nice room with a king bed a few nights ago. The problem is NOT the rooms or amenities, it is the staff at the front desk. I have never, EVER seen hotel staff treat their customers so shabbily...rude, obnoxious, sneering behaviour is what you can always expect. There are two women in particular who have been there a while, one asian woman and one latina woman who make my jaw drop every time with their condescending attitudes toward people. I have seen them mistreat almost everyone coming up to the desk. A few days ago, an older asian gentleman was upset because he had been waiting for a bellman to retrieve his luggage for a very long time. Their attitude was to just ignore him, and then belittle and berate him for becoming upset...THEN they actually discussed the incident in front of a bunch of customers at the desk, shooting him dirty looks and saying how ridiculous he was being. i myself have on more than one occassion been horrifed at the lack of welcome attitude i have recieved. I am talking about being looked down upon..no hi how are you, welcome to the hotel, no NOTHING....you are made to feel terrible for actually wanting to stay there. I can't believe the management condones this behaviour, but i know for a fact various people have complained and to no end, the same horrible people with nasty attitudes still work there.i would HIGHLY recommend staying away from this hotel, they don't deserve your business...the next time i can't get into the travel inn, i'm looking elsewhere.this place rates a 7 in rooms etc. and close to zero on friendliness and customer service.	
Aug 7 2006	Pleasantly surprised!	After reading a few reviews I was a bit concerned, but the price was right so I figured it couldn't be *that* bad. I was pleasantly suprised that my stay was so enjoyable. The staff was friendly and helpful, despite what I had read. New York residents are known for being rude, but the staff here was pleasant. As others had, we arrived early. We weren't allowed to check in early, so time your arrival accordingly. There were a few guests waiting to check-in, but the wait was minimal. The room was rather large compared with the typical New York room, and I found it to be clean and comfortable. The 10/50 restaurant which is attached has very friendly personnel and decent food at a good price.** I should add that there is some construction going on next to the hotel which will include some explosives blasting. Call ahead to the hotel and find out when and how often the construction is.	
Jul 25 2006 	OK budget hotel	The hotel is in a shabby part of town and looks like a bit of a dive from the outside. The staff were ok - efficient but not overly friendly. We stayed in a junior suite in the newer section and the room was ok - large enough for five of us (2 adults, 3 kids) and not too run down although there were a lot of stains on the furniture and bedding. The AC was off when we arrived and took until the following morning going at full blast to cool the rooms to a tolerable temperature. Also, the room cleaning was not very good - when we arrived we found a few leftover things from the previous occupant including a brush covered in hair - YUCK. Overall, if your standards are reasonably low and you are looking to save some money, this is the place for you. Otherwise, look elsewhere.	
Jul 21 2006	Five Alarm Avoidance Plan	We arrived at 5.30pm on July 10th. in a heatwave and went to our room. There was no air conditioning and after switching it on and waiting for an hour of no cooling we complained by phone. No service response was available as they had finished for the day. I went down to the front desk soaking wet and complained that my wife, a diabetic, needed a room with a fridge or air conditioning so her insulin could be kept cool. The front desk asked for a further $40 US a night for a room with a refrigerator but we would have to wait until a room was available. They eventually changed our room to one with air conditioning that worked, so we relinquished our request for the refrigerator. Still no fridge but we had to put the insulin on top of the air conditioning unit where it had a chance of staying cool for the following three days.The next day there was still not a room with a refrigerator available although many of our party were in rooms with a fridge, including our tour director. He offered to exchange rooms but we declined. This was the Hotel's problem. Not his.Our final evening was a nightmare. I had showered and needed an outside line to book a spot for dinner. I was damp and naked. They refused me an outside line for a local Manhattan call that cost 75c. without swiping my credit card. They transferred me to the Concierge who couldn't book me a table as he had to use the Internet to try and he didn't have an outside line either. How half of our party managed to get theater tickets from him, at a moments notice,without an outside line, baffles me.I lost my cool at this point and mistakenly used the &quot;F&quot; word, as a verb, trying to get an outside line. This they didn't like and hung up on me.I threw on jeans and a tee shirt and went down, wet, to the front desk where they refused to accept my Gold Card as I had abused a member of their staff. He had claimed to the person in charge that I had called him a &quot;mother [--]. An expression I had heard of, but one that was not, on any occasion, part of my vocabulary.This hotel is without a doubt the worst I have ever stayed at. The staff are defensively aggressive as I am sure they need to be after years of answering for poor service.Avoid this hotel unless your expectations are really low.	
Jul 16 2006	Surprisingly Nice	I`m glad that I paid more attention to the positive reviews of this property, as they seem more accurate and reflect our experience here. NYC is notorious for cramped, shabby accomodations at ridiculously high prices. We`ve recently experienced those &quot;attributes&quot; at a couple of the national &quot;budget&quot; chain hotels in midtown and vowed never to return. Our experience at The Skyline was exceptional. We paid $139 for one of the &quot;deluxe&quot; rooms and couldn`t have been more pleased. The room and bath were huge, quiet, immaculately clean, and nicely decorated. The staff was pleasant, helpful and efficient. The walk to the theatre district (2 long blocks) takes only about 10 minutes and there are many outstanding restaurants on the way, or nearby. Don`t miss Becco at 345 W. 46th St. (between 8th and 9th) for their terrific prix fixe &quot;symphony of pasta&quot; at lunch and dinner.....another amazing value. This recommended hotel and restaurant are positive proof that you can experience quality in New York without paying exhorbitant prices. A little research goes a long way towards saving money.	
Jul 1 2006	Good place to stay without paying New York prices	My wife and I just returned from a four day bus trip to NYC where we stayed at the Skyline Hotel. When we booked this trip I was leary about the hotel from reviews I read and also being used to staying at the big name hotels when we travel. I was pleasently suprised however when we arrived and found none of the problems listed in other reviews of this property. The hotel was built in the mid sixties and reflects the style of the times. Our room had two double beds a 25 inch color tv, a large closet with a safe, the furniture was old and a bit worn but every thing was clean. The bathroom was large with a tub/shower and was well stocked with soap and towels and everything worked properly. The hotel has a resteraunt and has a all you an eat breakfast for $12.95. We walked to Times Square in 20 minutes as it is four blocks away and felt safe walking even at midnight on Saturday. The bottom line is this If you go places and spend a lot of time in the hotels you probably wouldnt like the Skyline, but if your up and gone from 7am to 11pm or later &quot;doing the town&quot; than the Skyline is the perfect place to stay.	
Jun 1 2006	depressing....	as the taxi got closer to the hotel i noticed that the area was not that nice, and when i finally saw the hotel (that was described as decent) i got a big lump in my throat and a sunken feeling in my stomach, it looked just like one of those Motels along the highway in queens or wherever when your coming from the airport. i was bringing my girlfriend from overseas to new york for the first time and all i could think was 'where the #@$% have i brought her?' honestly it looks like a truckers motel from the inside.however, inside it wasn't as bad. it was a small lobby but not so bad. the other travellers seemed like well to do european package toursits so that comforted us that it would be full of undesirables. we had to wait til three for our room, and we arrived at 7 am. the staff seemed very overworked and tired and not happy with thier jobs (i admit it must be tough servicing big groups of package tourists) but they werent horrible, just a bit indifferent. as we walked around all day we were dreading what the rooms would be like. we even considered changing hotels but couldnt cancel the deposit. so we stayed. the best part was that we were luckily upgraded to a better type of room. and the room was actually quite decent. big enough, clean, and not so bad on the style. one website said that the hotel was completely rennovated, but the person at the desk said that only some of the rooms were upgraded and that was 4 years ago. i think our room must have been one of the renovated ones. we paid 200 a night. way way too much for this place, as after that we switched to the doubletree on lex and 51st also for 200 and it was way better. much much better.so, in summary:area: not so greathotel exterior: depressing/ manky/gray/ very dated just like thier logoservice: not very good at allrooms: dont know about regular rooms but superior room actually quite nice.price: $200, way too much for this hotel.	
May 28 2006	As expected	We stayed here for four nights and found it okay. (You get what you pay for). The breakfast was very poor though, only did this once. They watch you like you are going to steal something!! We found the area safe too, the deli across the road on the right makes a mean sandwich. The reviews about it being poor worried us a little but we were relieved when we got there. The view from our window was great, could see the empire. It is in a good location also, just a small walk to Times Square. We walked to the empire and central park but do recommend one of the tours to go down to ground zero, brooklyn bridge, China Town, etc. They are all a bit too far to walk. The tour is quite expensive but is worth it. Haggle though as we got our child on for free! Also the harbour lights tour with Circle Line Cruises is worth it. A two hour cruise to see the lights of New York. There is no other way you could do it really. Try Times Square Bagels for breakfast. It is down a side street near the Hard Rock Cafe, lovely food and very cheap, we went here three days in a row.	
May 6 2006	Ok Hotel	Not a bad hotel only stayed there two nights, as part of an accompanied touring package, a little wary of the location, we were looking from the front no problems, (looked out on to a flat roof near the hotel sign, where some one had drawn the out line a a body, like a murder scene, thought it was funny). Some of our travel companions looked out on the back and were not too impressed.Hotel clean and acceptable, location only a few blocks from Times Square, would recommened depending on your buget 2.5 - 3 star but would rather pay more for better location, following year stayed at The Sheraton New York Hotel &amp; Towers, excellent value and location.	
May 4 2006	A Hidden Gem in Hell`s Kitchen	I find the negative reviews of this hotel perplexing. As an inveterate visitor to NYC, I am always in search of outstanding hotel values and this is a distinct prize winner in that category. There are frequent complaints about the inconvenient location. This area of Hell`s Kitchen/Clinton is hardly a pretty neighborhood, but it is in the midst of gentrification and it is a safe area. It is 2 long blocks to 8th Avenue which is the western border of the theatre district/Times Square area. It is considerably closer than the many popular East Side/Lexington Avenue area hotels. It`s also only 1 block to the many excellent restaurants on 9th Avenue. For those who are driving, the great values start even before entering the hotel. Parking storage is only $10 a day....an unheard of rate in the city. The lobby is spacious and attractive, the front desk staff efficient and professional. Check-in was quick and easy. There are 2 buildings here. The &quot;deluxe&quot; rooms are in the newer building and should be requested. They are about $20 more than the rooms in the original building but worth every penny. We paid $159 for our room with 2 queen beds. These are the largest most attractive rooms I have encountered in New York in this price range. They could actually rival and surpass rooms in the so-called &quot;luxury&quot; hotels. The decor is conservative, contemporary and tasteful. The elegant white duvet covered beds are firm and extremely comfortable. Upon entering the room you`ll find a mirrored vanity area. There`s also a good-sized closet, small refrigerator, iron/ironing board and a nice view of the midtown skyline. The room was quiet as was the air conditioning unit. Maintenance and housekeeping are impeccable. The biggest surprise, however, was the beautiful bathoom. This is unquestionably the largest and nicest bathroom I`ve seen in NYC. It`s all new and boasts abundant counter space, pristine tile floors and walls, a large artistically borderd mirror and beautiful shaded sconce-style lamps on either side of the sink/vanity area. It is a surprisingly classic yet warm ambience for a bathroom. I was so enamored of the quality of this room that I asked the very amiable housekeeper if I could see one of the hotel suites. She seemed eager and proud to accomodate my request. It was even more impressive, with a beautiful living room and French doors leading to the bedroom. The hotel also has a heated indoor swimming pool and an attractive restaurant and bar. The restaurant offers a full breakfast buffet for $12.95...another excellent value. The front desk staff honored our request for late check-out, at no extra charge, without hesitation. This hotel is a spectacular value. You`ll easily pay well over $300 for lesser quality at midtown hotels. Walk the extra couple blocks, save a bundle, and enjoy a touch of classs.	
May 4 2006 	Good basic budget hotel	The earlier reviews give you a good taste of what the hotel is all about. Huge rooms. When I stayed there 3rd week of April/06 the rooms were really hot even with the heat turned off. The area did seem a bit seedy at times but it is undergoing change. Close to theatre district and Times square. Nearby 10th St Dinner was great. I'd stay there again if it was for a short stay.	
Apr 29 2006	Skyline...a very hot stay	I spent a couple of days at the Skyline Hotel in April 2006. The hotel is in a reasonable location (The Hell's Kitchen area), which has recently undergone some extensive re-imaging by the local authorities. It's not the seediest part of town, but I didn't always feel totally safe. It would pay to keep guard at all times.The hotel is very inexpensive, and I guess you get what you pay for. If you are looking for the entire New York experience, this isn't for you. If you are however stopping over on a budget and only really need a place to sleep, then the Skyline isn't a bad choice.The staff were very friendly, the view from my room of the ESB was amazing, and the location of the hotel in relation to the main tourist areas of the city was good.On a negative note, the hotel definitely needs a lick of paint as it's like stepping back in to the 60/70s in most of the hotel. Also, where is the A/C? The hotel was unbelievably hot all day, and all night. You won't need bedsheets here!	
Apr 24 2006	Great Value - Excellent Location	This hotel is excellent value for money - the rooms are basic, and decor a little dated, but for a budget hotel, close to all attractions this is a clean and friendly hotel, in short great value for money. Having read other reviews we were a little concerned about what to expect but the hotel was exceptionally clean and the staff were extremely friendly and helpful. When I requested a room on one of the upper floors with a view we were allocated a room on the top floor with a view of the Empire State Building and the Rockefeller Center etc. This hotel is only 3 blocks away from Times Sqaure, but is far enough away from all of the tourist attractions to give you a feel for the 'real' NYC. You can grab a coffee with real 'New Yorkers' in any of the coffee shops in the Hells Kitchen area of the City.Two things worth considering though are the fact that the room was very noisy (but that is surely to be expected in the middle of NYC) and there were no tea/coffee making facilties in the room - which would have been nice to come back to after a long days sightseeing. However, the hotel is well serviced by local convenience stores and food outlets of varying quality and cuisine.	
Mar 22 2006	Heating Problem.	I was stayed there in March. The weather was really cold I have never felt so cold in my life and we had no heating in our room. We complained twice every day we were there. One night the receptionist said he would send someone up to check it our and we stayed up but no one arrived. On another occasion the bell boy came up with us and looked at it. He told us the heating in the hotel is terrible that most of the rooms are either too hot or too cold. The people in the room next to ours had to open the window to cool down.The staff were very unfriendly and unhelpful.Other guests told us they saw the kitchen and it was very dirty. I didn't see this and the breakfasts were fine.The bed rooms are nothing like they appear on the hotel website. They are very clean but furniture, lampshades etc. are old and the rooms are fairly dark. Also there was a problem with the TV so the sound kept coming and going. I wouldn't tell my friends to stay in this hotel.Marian	
Mar 18 2006	Great place to stay	We stayed at the Skyline Hotel March 1-3, 2006. We would absolutely stay here again because of its location and value. Skyline is easily accessible for those who drive to NYC; close to the Lincoln Tunnel. Rooms are very large, compared to other city hotels. We were given a complimentary upgrade to a king-sized room, which was very clean with a nice, newly-remodeled bathroom. A couple of very mild criticisms: the website advertises parking at $8 a day, is actually $10 a day; still cheap for NYC. Television service in room was poor but hey, how much TV would one watch in NYC?The restaurant lacked good service but the breakfast buffet was affordable, with good food.Overall, this is a fine hotel for a couple searching for an inexpensive getaway or a family wanting a good experience. Take some time and explore the gentrifying Hell's Kitchen neighborhood. Eclectic restaurants and shops are nearby. Skyline is also well-located, an easy walk to the subway and some touristy offerings, such as Times Square.	
Mar 16 2006	Excellent value	I have freinds who live in New York &amp; have been there many times over the years. I've stayed in many hotels from the Waldorf to Sheratons. I must say the first time I went to the Skyline I was a little worried having never stayed in a budget property before, but I have just returned from my 2nd visit to the Skyline. Its such great value, in a good location within easy walking distance to Times Sqaure &amp; Broadway, I would'nt stay anywhere else. The rooms are average 3 star, but who spends any time in their rooms in NYC.They are clean,comfortable &amp; very large for hotel rooms in NYC.The girl on check in was pleasent &amp; the bell boy friendly. Apart from that I didnt really speak to the staff. Im planning on going back to NYC in August &amp; will diffinetly stay here again.	
Mar 13 2006	Not bad	I hadn't read any of the reviews before going to the Skyline, so I didn't really know what to expect. We actually went on a school trip, so the budget prices were a blessing to us, and I was quite suprised by the hotel compared to how much we had paid.  I would have prefered to be closer to the main city, as we had to walk down some shifty streets to get to broadway, although broadway, and time square was actually quite close.  We were disturbed by noise quite a lot, either from other guests or the heater in our room which sounded as if someone was trying to get into our room at 5 in the morning! However, I have to add that although the hotel wasn't perfect, and there was a scary woman in the hotel shop, it was good for the price we had paid, and we went to new york city to see new york, not to live in the hotel! However, we were all young and fit, and often spent most of the day out sightseeing or shopping, so we didn't really see much of the hotel other than our room.	
Mar 11 2006	Good Location for sightseeing	Arrived early 13:30hrs and were booked in by 14:00.We were a bit worried having read some of the reviews. Our opinions are as follows.Desk staff, mainly very polite and helpful especially night staff.Bell boy and concierge, gave excellent service with a smile.Decor felt dated but rooms were large and clean with some of the most comfortable beds we have slept in.Location, superb for sightseeing, theatres, Times square, boat trips, central park all within level walking distance and we felt safe at night.Downside....on our last night all the rooms around us were let to a group of very noisy young people by 0300hrs we had to complain to desk. Security were promptly on the scene but noise continued and we were moved to another room...well done hotel staff problem resolved to our satisfaction. People in New York were very friendly and helpfull we would stay there again.	
Mar 2 2006	Not again	December 26, 2004I arvd early with my wheelchair-bound companion. Asked brusque, heavy accented desk clerk for whereabouts of lady’s room. Never got an answer. He proceeded to check us in. Arrived on our floor to be knocked over by smell of Pine-Sol. Room we were assigned was in complete disarray, unclean, sheets on floor. Cleaning lady, who spoke no English, was our best experience. She opened another room, a handicap accessible one and made arrangements via house phone for us to stay there. I do not know if the bathroom was ADA standard, but the tub depth was huge and difficult to traverse.At 4 a.m., guest in next room decided to serenade his girlfriend. Woke us from a sound sleep. I called the front desk who sent a security guard up immediately. He put an end to the nuisance on the spot.We used this place only because it has a pool and my companion, who has MS, swims every day to stay flexible. The floor around the pool looked and felt slimy. The entire pool area needs a major cleaning. Never again.	
Feb 13 2006	Worth the money - you get what you pay for	I was worried by the descriptions of a budget hotel. But it was fine. The extra money for the deluxe room is well worth it. The location of the hotel was great, really close to Port Authority Bus Station - so we got the bus in from Newark airport. We walked to most of the sights and found loads of places to eat near the hotel. For a New York hotel the size of the room was quite large. The view from our room was amazing. Its not called the Skyline for nothing. So I couldn't really understand why it was so cheap. Then I had to speak to the staff. Not very helpful, its seems like they can't wait to get rid of you. The hotel is great as long as you don't have any reason to speak to the staff. But I would stay there again and would recommend it - after all you get what you pay for.	
Feb 2 2006	great value	My son and I stayed for 4 nights having booked through Experia. The room was large and the beds comfy. The maid cleaned the rooms thoroughly every day even changing the soap along with the towels everyday. Breakfast was wholesome and filling, we did not need to eat till dinner time.We were more than happy with the value and would recommend it as a budget hotel including for families, who would appreciatte the swimming pool. With the package we did with hotel and Super shuttle transport to/from JFK it was a great deal.	
Jan 22 2006	Stuck in lift for 1/2 hour. Staff didn't seem to care	We stayed for four nights. On our last evening there we got stuck in a lift (elevator) for 25 minutes. As soon as it happened we used the phone inside the lift, and a voice said 'we're working on it now.' After not hearing anything for 15 minutes, we rang again and the receptionist was totally shocked that we were stuck in the lift, and claimed nobody had told him. I have no idea what happened to the first person we told, but it seems that the staff obviously don't communicate. Five minutes after that somebody came and knocked on the lift door. He seemed genuinely concerned about our plight. He told us that the lift had broken down twice already that evening but they'd managed to get it working both times. (Why on earth they didn't put a sign up if it had already happened twice is beyond me.) He said they were trying to contact an engineer to come, but as this was a Sunday night had no idea how long it would take. When we managed to establish that we were actually on the floor we wanted and it was simply the door that was stuck, we gently suggested that perhaps whilst waiting for the engineer the hotel staff could maybe attempt to open the door and get us out. Completely astounded and no doubt impressed by this revolutionary suggestion, he went off somewhere to get tools and/or colleagues. Whilst he was gone my husband managed after about 5 minutes to slide the door open enough for us to get out, and we made our escape. We phoned reception from our room to inform them, so that the guy searching for the tools and/or colleagues could stop; they didn't seem to know anything about the escape plan. The reception staff didn't even apologise for the inconvinience. After another few minutes we heard from our room the guy return with the tools and/or colleagues, and ask the lift door in a panicky voice 'are you still in there? Hello? Can anybody hear me?' We were tempted to leave him guessing for a couple more minutes, but since he was the only person who seemed to care about our plight, we put him out of his miseary and revealed our survivial.The point of the story is this; lifts break down, it happens sometimes, but the customer service attached to it was non existent. The hotel didn't even apologise.Regarding the rest of our stay I'd say the following;Location - Good, the two block walk to the subway station seemed to get longer each time, but I think that was more to do with the worsening weather. In reality it was only 10 minutes.Noise - I was only disturbed by noise on the last night, though my husband says noise from inside and outside kept him awake every night.Room - Spacious and clean. I found the beds and bedding comfortable, my husband didn't. Our TV was broken. We could watch different channels, but it always flicked back to the menu page after 5 minutes. Hotel staff tried to fix it a couple of times, but couldn't.	
Jan 20 2006	not recommended	I was very worried about staying in this hotel because of other peoples comments. We stayed in the newly built part which was o.k, the beds never got changed and sheets a bit smelly. The bathroom though was clean with a hot shower. Our window was broke and the heater made strange noises, we reported this to reception, who suggested that we was not closing the window correctly and NO it never got fixed. Although the heater did, thankfully as it was very cold. The staff are rude and not helpfull. A very old lady worked in the gift shop but was always putting a sign on the door, BACK IN 5 MINS. the pool was dirty and never open. if you do stay here, I hope you do not stay in the old part, it stinks. main lobby is nice and visitors toilets are very clean. We will never stay at the Skyline again, for a bit more money we will book a better hotel and not so far away from the main streets.	
Jan 18 2006 	In a word - appalling!	Do not stay at this hotel. I know you've seen the pictures and the rate looks good but don't get sucked in (like I did) - don't hit the book button whatever you do.In short here was my experience:- Unhelpful and downright rude front desk staff:- Terrible location (right next to a railway line)- Paper thin walls - the noise coming from other rooms kept me awake most nights.- Noisy both from within the hotel AND outside - Hells Kitchen is NOT the place to anyway.- Room standard was poor - beds and pillows were VERY uncomfortable!- The heating is a joke - they don't even turn on the central heating unless it is *very cold* and when they DO turn it on it's very very noisy.Please follow my advice and spend the extra $$$ on a nicer hotel otherwise your New York experience will be severely diminished.	
Jan 3 2006	Great Location Clean and Comfortable	I was nervous about staying in NYC and finding a hotel that was clean and affordable. The Skyline was a great choice. It was clean and the clerks were very friendly. We arrived on Dec. 30 and decided to stay an extra night to hit Times Square for New Year's Eve. The location (3 blocks from Times Square) is wonderful and the parking is only $10/day. There is a pool but we were so busy sightseeing we weren't in the hotel long enough to find it. The restaraunt downstairs is pricey but good, but there are plenty of dining choices nearby. For the money, I was very happy and would definately stay again. You can't beat the location getting around is easy.	
Dec 14 2005	Skyline is fine	When you get to the Skyline, the area it is in is a bit worrying and looks run down. Don't be misled. This is a budget 2 star hotel in Clinton, but it is only 2-3 blocks from Broadway and Times Square and is in a great position for the city.The hotel staff are always helpful, although you can't check in before 3pm. The concierge can give you very useful tips on travelling round the city. The rooms are large and clean, if basic. No tea/coffee facilities in the rooms, but there is an iron and board, a safe , TV. The bathroom is clean and shower powerful. We didn't try the restaurant, but do try the Renaissance Diner on 50th Street and 9th Avenue for breakfast and for a quick pizza slice there's fat sal's across from the hotel. Internet connection in the lobby is cheap enough.For a budget hotel, you get what you pay for and I think this is reasonable value for money.	
Dec 2 2005	Not bad at all !!!	We stayed at the skyline in dec 05. I was really worried about the hotel as I have read some not too good reports, and we had been earlier in the year, and stayed over on lexington ave in a really lovely hotel. As we had booked so late, that the skyline was the only hotel available.The exterior of the hotel could do with alittle tlc, but when you get in the reception is clean maybe slighlty dated, but not too bad. The rooms are fantastic they are huge, which is highly unusual for nyc they are decorated well, bathroom was clean and has also been recently re-fitted.It took about 8-10mins to walk to time square, and there are loads of fab restaurants around the hotel, and some really nice deli's for breakfast.This was a fantastic trip and would really recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to experience nyc at its best.	
Nov 30 2005	Would use again	We stayed in this hotel from 18 Nove 2005 until 23rd Nov 2005 and were pleasantly surprised.OK so it's alittle out of the way (15 mins to Times Square) however this is Easily outweighed by:1) The Room we had was enormous with fridge, large sofa, Queen size bed - most comfortable Hotel bed we have ever slept in, bath, and not a bad view. 2) Was clean and warm3) Was quiet - we got talking to another couple who had stayed in a hotel nearer the centre - they were freezing all night due to heating being inadequate, and also had no sleep due to the noise4) Helpful Concierge- Norman - who booked us onto a shuttle bus to JFK as it was the day before thanksgiving and taxis were hard to get - cheap at $22 each.Another good point is that there is a fabulous Amish Deli on very nearby with an array of foods - it's worth going in just to look. Also nice coffee shop &quot;The Coffee Pot&quot; on ninth Avenue - lovely bagels only $1.Very clean and the staff were great.We felt safe even at night. Managed to get tickets for &quot;The Odd Couple&quot; by queueing at the Theatre at 10am - only paid $25 for a standing ticket. It's all that was available and it was fine. Better than not seeing it at all.I know this supposed to be a hotel review, but NYC is such a fantastic place I could rave on forever - and yes I would use the Skyline again. The extra bit of walking is the comfort ant the peace and quiet.	
Nov 29 2005	Very Disappointed in this Hotel	I was not impressed with this hotel. I had booked a junior suite with a separate parlour. When we went to our room, it was one room with 2 double beds. When I went back to talk to the reception staff, they told me that is what I had booked. I then pulled out my e-mail with my hotel confirmation on it to prove what I had booked and they just looked at me and then told me that they only had one junior suite left. I said &quot;That's fine, that's what I booked.&quot; We ended up in a smoking room on the second floor with a view of the roof below! The room itself was okay although the smell of smoke was awful. The pool has ridiculous hours so we didn't get to use it but we did check out the view from up there - very impressive! The location of the hotel was great and the restaurant was very good and so were the restaurant staff. The hotel staff, with the exception of the concierge, left a lot to be desired.	
Nov 25 2005	Just back	Having just returned from this hotel, I would recommend never visiting it. The reception staff were the most rude and unhelpful people I have ever met and were it not for the bell boys who were exceptionally pleasant and could not help enough, I would have more to say. Perhaps they should switch jobs. Super 8 has more to offer ! Absolutely horrendous vacation.	
Nov 3 2005	Fantastic Room Staff Very Polite 	Again Thanks Very Much For The Wonderful Stay I Reccommend This Hotel To Anyone Who Wants TO Stay In New Yourk City!	
Oct 6 2005	Decent Hotel	We stayed at the Skyline Hotel from 2 Oct 2005 until 6 Oct 2005. The hotel states it is a 3 star, but in reality it is a 2 star. The rooms are clean, all redecorated in neutral colors. The bathroom was very clean as well. The rooms were cleaned every day and towels replenished. The shower had very good water pressure and plenty of hot water. The a/c unit worked great and we were not able to hear traffic outside our window or other people in other rooms. We ate breakfast in the restaurant every morning. You can have the full breakfast for $12.95 or a continental breakfast for $9.95. We chose to eat off the menu. We paid an average of $6.00 per person for breakfast and the set menu was plentiful and unable to finish. Dinner was a little more expensive and not as much food. The hotel is located in a decent and safe neighborhood. It is about 5 block walk from Times Square. Most of the neighborhood is residental with restaurants as well. We felt very safe walking even late at night. This hotel is a good choice for your money. I would stay there again.	
Oct 3 2005	Great value very clean	4 of us (girls) just left the Skyline in NYC, and couldn't be happier with the place.We stayed there after arriving at another hotel only to be told our reservations were never made, and there was no room available. We'll taken that up with our Travel Agent later. We were overheard in a deli discussing our options, which were none and someone came to our rescue. They had just checked out of the Skyline and recommended it. We were only too happy to walk the 7 blocks to the Skyline. For $209 a night we got a room with a fridge, 2 queen beds, all the towels we needed, etc, we were quite pleased, as you may be able to imagine.I was amazed at how clean our room was. Friendly staff, great location, and given our situation, the price seemed great for us, as we weren't expecting to find anything so quickly at the same rate we were planning on spending at the other hotel.The Amish Deli on 9th ave is the greatest place around. We went there for coffee and scones every morning, $2.50 - you can't beat it. Great fruit, lunch counter, and all the other fabulous restaurants in the area, we loved our stay, and would return in a New York minute.	
Sep 26 2005 	Waste of New York Space	The staff is some of the rudest people I have ever incountered in the hotel business. I travel a lot for work and have never come across such lazy and rude people. Save your money and go somewhere else. Hotels are not supposed to treat their guest this way.	
Sep 19 2005	Nice and Helpful Staff	We only stayed one night at the Skyline Hotel, but it was a nice stay. We arrived early evening and were checked in immediately. Our room had 2 very firm double beds. It was spacious enough and clean. We had a good view from our room. The bathroom was large and really clean. However, the shower was quite small. We had dinner plans in Chelsea and the Bell Captain got us a cab right away. The next morning we asked the Bell Captain if he had a suggestion for a good diner off premise and he suggested the Rennaissance Diner a couple of blocks away, which was very good. If we had any questions, the front desk, concierge, or the Bell Captain were always helpfull. We checked out , but left our bags with the Bell Captain while we toured the city. They took good care of our belongings while were out. My daughter especially liked that her Barbi suitcase was the first off the cart and given to her.	
Sep 16 2005	Great value- great location	We were in NYC for the first time travelling with two other couples and 6 children ages 11 to 6. The Skyline was an excellent value (140.00 per night) and a decent hotel. The hotel is older, but it is well-kept and clean. We were very close to Times Square and walked everywhere from the hotel. The rooms were small, but for the amount of time we were actually in them, they were fine. Parking was extremely reasonable as well- 8-10 dollars a day. I would stay again.	
Sep 7 2005	No Problems!	After reading other reviews regarding this hotel I was very scepticle about booking online, no need for concern. We found the hotel clean and very good value, central to everyting that we needed. The staff were extremely polite and helpful, and I would not hesitate in recommeding the hotel to others. The restaurant staff in particular made our stay a pleasure they could not do enough for us, our special thanks to them.The penthouse pool after dark is something not to be missed, and with temperatures over 100 degrees was a welcome sight.	
Sep 3 2005	Rude 	When I entered the hotel to check in the desk clerk was in the middle of an argument with another guest! We had been automatically upgraded me to a Jr. Suite... for $20 more! The Television in the sitting room didn't work, asked the front desk if they could get us another, but it was easier for him to tell me only one tv in all the rooms worked! We check the cable connection on our own and it was in working order.upon check out the desk manager got angry, stormed away, slamming her office door behind her because I questioned the extra charge.on the positive side- cheap parking, restaurant staff is very friendly, but I won't go back.	
Aug 29 2005	Great Hotel - Good location	We were a bit dubious about this hotel after reading some reviews but we were very pleasantly surprised when we arrived. The room was very spacious (there were 4 of us in all - 2 adults - 2 kids). Plenty of space and clean. We could see the Empire State Building from our room. The breakfast buffet was quite adequate and the restaurant served some lovely food in the evenings. Bar area cosy with big settees. The staff were very obliging and friendly. Great location - 20 mins walk to Times Square and Broadway. About 45 mins to Central Park. No waiting checking in or out - very efficient.Felt totally safe walking around the area and would definitely recommend anyone to stay there who is on a budget.	
Aug 28 2005	Its good for just-a-place-to-sleep	I stayed at the Skyline this month and found the hotel to be better than expected. The hotel location was what I was most worried about but soon realized that the location was great - walking distance to theatres, restaurant row, Times Square, even Circle Line Cruises. I even noticed that when we did have to take a cab to Battery Park it was a straight-shot down 12th Ave and only costed about $11. As for the hotel itself, the neighborhood is fine. Looks scary at first but you can tell that things have been &quot;cleaned up&quot; a lot recently. Inside of the hotel was gorgeous although the actual room that we stayed it was just ok &amp; about the size of my closet. The view was pretty gross - back of some apartment building but I can live with that. The only thing that I would change about the hotel is that they could stand to get new toilet seats and correct the water pressure. Probably the worst shower I had ever taken. Again, these were just minor things and I would definitely stay there again based on comfort and location. Oh, and one more thing...the restaurant/bar area is really classy AND the entire staff is very professional.	
Aug 22 2005	Had a great stay at Skyline	Do not listen to negative reviews. We were upgraded to a deluxe room upon check-in - it was clean and comfy (down pillows and comforter, king-size bed). The room was dead quiet, the staff helpful and the location fantastic. This is a few short blocks to the theatre district and one block from restaurant row with plenty of good restaurants and bars of all types (Brazilian barbecue, French, Turkish, Italian, etc.). If you want to be close to it all but still get a good night's sleep - this is it.	
Aug 16 2005	it's okay	my wife and i come from holland. it was our first journey to new york and we didn't know what we could expect. the rates for the skyline hotel were from terrible till average. so, it's a challange! we really have to say it was worth it. not the most modern hotel, but a large room, a good bed, airco, t.v., telephone,refregirator, a good bath and shower. it was a surprise for us. i am used to stay in better hotels, because of my work, but this was o.k. the hotel is near all the famous sights of n.y. in walking distance, and the metro is nearby. we've had a very, very good holiday in new york, thanks to the city of course, but also for the hotel, wich was - for us - a good place to stay for a week. and! don't forget to have a drink in the bar. good people a serving a fine cocktail! good show fellows!sorry for my pour english, i normally write in dutch, but hope you understand my positive feelings.	
Aug 4 2005	Great location great room!..... if it's a Queen Room.	Our room was not ready for that day we arrived, so were upgraded to a queen room - what a room! Problem was it was a smoking room but after an open window and an air freshener it was fine. Our clothes didn’t smell at all. The room was extremely spacious for a family of four and had a fridge, just what you need. This room was in the new tower and was clean and well decorated. T.V channels were good, but if you are in New York, you don’t need to spend time in the hotel so the queen room is super but other normal rooms were much poorer; therefore if you wish to stay there, get a Queen room. oh, and the pool is great!!!	
Jul 19 2005	The Worst service ever	My stay at the skyline was absolutely horrible. The main desk service was unhelpful, rude and insulting to me and my group. Our particular room were equally bad. I will definitely not recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jul 19 2005	Terrible service Terrible room	I had a great time in New York but was very upset with the service from Skyline. Our room key did not work and we had to wait several hours at a time for a hotel staff to use the master key and allow us into our room. The window, safe, lights in the room also did not work and asking front desk about it was of no value as they did not help.In particular, we were very dissappointed with the service of the room. The reception staff was very rude and confrontational when we tried to explain the room conditions. I would never reccommend this hotel to anyone as their disorganization and tardiness caused me to have to re-schedule a lot of my reservations and plans.	
Jul 18 2005	Satisfactory but could be better	Three of us stayed here for a night last week after booking at the last minute on Expedia. The hotel room was okay - quite dated furniture and decor but fairly clean. The A/C unit was pretty old and noisy so you couldn't run it overnight. When we checked in (4pm) and arrived at our room on the 4th floor we found that the chambermaid was still cleaning it and we were told there was a problem with the toilet which was being fixed (so there would be no need to ask for another room). Unfortunately this proved not to be the case! Apart from that, there was a decent pool on the rooftop which was free to guests to use and the staff downstairs were polite. The location of the hotel was pretty convenient - only 3 blocks walk to the metro. Overall I would say it was adequate but not great, however for NYC in peak season when rooms are at a premium it did us a turn for one night but I wouldn't really want to spend a long stay here.	
Jul 14 2005	Not the Classiest But Good Value	We arrived on a rainy Friday evening with a bus tour. The bellman promptly brought our bags to the room. There were four of us, and the room was a bit tight. It had two double beds, one small dresser with the tv sitting on top, and one chair. Amenities included a hair dryer, iron with ironing board, and a free safe. No refrigerator. There was a great deli across the street. In the morning I bought a loaf of italian bread, a bunch of fruit, and a large coffee for $4. In the elevator I saw two hotel guests who said they had just paid $9.50 for two cups of coffee and toast in the restaurant. This deli also had great breakfast sandwiches for about $1.50 to $2. The Skyline is about a 10-15 minute walk to Times Square and the Subway. Felt very safe walking late at night.	
Jul 4 2005	Frayed around the edges but decent	My partner and I stayed at the Skyline for 7 nights in the last week of June 2005. We were a little concerned at some of the negative reviews we read, but fortunately our experience was better.We booked a newer deluxe king room, and checked in without any problems. For a Manhatten hotel room, it was quite spacious. The bed was comfortable, and apart from the occasional sound from the stairway, the room was quiet. When closed, the window kept out most of the street noise. The air conditioning unit worked flawlessly, which was welcome as the weather was hot and humid. It was also very handy to have a small fridge to store drinks and food items. The housekeeping staff did a fine job of cleaning the room daily. The hotel's location is pretty good too. It's a 2-3 long blocks away from the subway and the Times Square attractions, but the walk is not insurmountable. Also, I felt safe in the neighbourhood at all times, even around midnight.On the downside, the hotel is in need of some repair work. The elevator paneling was beat up and pieces broken off. In the room, the black bathroom countertop was patched with electrical tape. A leaking water supply to the toilet was patched with duct tape, but left rust stains on the tile floor. The flange on the shower head had come off the wall. The light socket in one of the bedside lamps had come loose. The table lamp on the desk and the pendant light by the door were askew. The doors on the armoire that held the TV and fridge didn't fully close. I should say these defects were mostly cosmetic, and none represented a threat to our health or safety.The front desk staff and porter were efficient, but gruff - I found that to be common amongst many workers in New York. The lady at the concierge was quite pleasant, though. I can't say too much more since our dealings with the staff were minimal.We were looking for a place to store our luggage while we were out during the day and a clean, comfortable place to sleep at night. The Skyline delivered exactly that. Compared to other hotels in Manhatten, it was a bargain. Even though this property needs a little bit more maintenance, we would stay there again.	
Jul 3 2005	Pretty Good for Price	I was skeptical after reading mixed reviews but found the Skyline Hotel to be a good value for the price. The junior suite is especially nice when traveling with a family. There is a small parlor with a sofa bed and tv as well as two queen beds in the main room. Great when some want to sleep and others don't.The hotel was clean and felt safe at all times. The neighborhood is on the &quot;fringe&quot; but still within walking distance to Times Square, Rockefeller Center, etc.We found the staff to be efficient and friendly. They let us check our bags at 10 a.m. so that we could go out and see the city long before check-in. This hotel is not elaborate by any means BUT is clean, safe and functional for families.	
Jul 1 2005	be warned	Arriving at the empty lobby of the hotel after a long journey from the Uk we tried to book in at 1pm only to be told that check in time was 3pm, the staff at the reception were rude and very abrupt my husband, myself, my daugher and her boyfriend went to get a drink and something to eat to kill time before the dreaded 3pm, arriving back we were met by a packed lobby people queing to all check in at 3pm!! when it was finally our turn after about 35 mins the could not find our booking even though we had all our conformation which we gave to the rude woman behind the desk, after about another 30 mins or so they found our booking which clearly stated 2 double rooms she gave us 1 room and told us that there were 2 double beds in it enough for 4 people to share!! we did not fancy sharing a room with our daughter and her boyfriend!! they finally found my daughter another room after 20 mins or so, if only they could have checked it at 1pm when we first arrived it would have saved us and all the other people behind us waiting. Our first impressions were not good and they did not much improve by the time we left. Concierge at the desk were helpful more than we could say for the porters. We are going back to New York for New Year and staying at the Helmsley on 42nd St hopefully this will be a big improvement on the Skyline, also no tea or coffee making facilities in the rooms although the deli opposite is open from 6am-2pm	
Jun 17 2005	Convenient Place to Stay	We noticed there were a few bad reviews on the Skyline Hotel so were a little hesitant about staying there. We were delightfully surprised! The hotel was better than we expected: price is moderate for NYC; location is convenient and quiet - walking distance to major attractions; quiet and with lots of good eating places close by; and best of all, you can park your car right there for only $10 a day. Also, it is easy to drive to and drive out of. The hotel was clean, friendly staff, and had much to offer: large rooms, pool, refrigerator, hair blower, etc. but NO COFFEE MACHINE. We would stay there again.	
Jun 12 2005	Can't find hotel guest 	I telephoned this hotel TWICE to ask for my parents who were staying there. But they told me we have no one by that name, staying at the hotel!.I even mentioned the holiday tour company they were with, and they still had not clue. Luckily I got a text message from my parents and got the room number!!As for the hotel they told me electric plugs were burned out/in poor shape. So they could not use their travel equipment!. So beware, if you have any thing eg laptop, camera, phone, that needs charging.They liked the location of the hotel eg can walk to broadway.	
May 25 2005	Could do better	This Hotel was used as a package by Travelscope. As first time visitors to New York we were very disapointed with this Hotel. The foyer looked dated and the room was just the same. The furniture was very dated and in a bad state of repair , although the sheets were clean they had certainly seen better days and the pillows couldn't have been flatter!!! the lights worked when they wanted to and it wasn't pleasant having to shower almost in the dark. Saying that, it was very quiet but I won't be advising any of our friends to stay there.  Having been used to Hotel Rooms in Florida which again can be cheap and cheerful we were expecting more from the Big Apple. The neighbour hood was doubtful and we were advised not to stay on 10th Ave after dark but to venture to 9th as it was safer and this was the place for all the diners.	
May 24 2005	Functional but average	Just back from a long weekend of shopping in NY with 2 other friends.The best thing of Skyline Hotel was the room: 2 queen size beds, big enough for 3 girls and plenty of shopping bags, good shower and comfortable bed. Also the concierge was fantastic, her recommendations where spot on and buying the tickets for Broadway there, the seat were “the best in the house&quot; as she promised!!In the negative side, lots of street noise that kept me awake the first night, no problem after using ear plugs.Also the location is ok, but taxi is need to go anywhereThe worst thing has to be the staff; you feel the need to apologise for everything, no one smile or polite conversation.	
May 22 2005	Great week in New York	We went to New York for 5 Days. It was great!The hotel lobby is a bit outdated but the refurbished hotel rooms are great!We had a room with a King size bed (i would recomend that), in the back of the hotel. The room was verry big for New york city hotel rooms and it was clean and quite.The Hotel is about a 10 minute walk from time square.I would recommend this hotel for people that are on a budget!	
May 15 2005	Be very careful of your booking!	Myself and my partner arrived at the Skyline after travelling for 12 hours from Glasgow to be told that there was a problem with our room.It had been flooded and they could not give us another room as they were busy.What they did do,after an hour of phoning around town,was get us a room at another hotel nearby(The Hudson Hotel- a much better prospect if you are thinking of going to NYC) so we wearily jumped in a taxi and spent the first of our five nights in New York in another location we had not bargained for.The next day,after several phone calls to find out if there was indeed a room for us,we returned to be told that we had been given an upgrade to a room with a kingsize bed.The only problem was when we were given the credit card &quot;key&quot; to get into the room the previous occupants were still there! However after this our holiday began.The room was indeed spacious and clean and well kept.Another thing about the Skyline is the location.It is in a rundown part of Manhattan,but if you walk about 500 yards along the road you are at Times Square.Also the front desk service seems to be geared more towards the German/Japanese traveller.All things aside New York is a fantastic and friendly place to be and I hope our experience of the Skyline was just being in the right place,unfortunately at the wrong time.	
May 12 2005	Great Value!	The Skyline is an excellent value for NYC! We paid $285/night through an online booking site and only stayed a single night since we were later booked at a different hotel through work.The hotel is in a sort of fringe neighborhood, close enough to walk to Times Square but not right next door and a bit uncomfortable to walk to late at night (keep in mind I haven't been to NYC before). Close to &quot;restaurant row&quot; and the subway though. We stayed in the older side, so you did have to do about a dozen steps with no elevator (that I know of) to get to the other side before taking the hotel up the back tower. Not a big deal for us, but request new side if you can't do steps.The reception gave us a friendly Italian welcome and let us check in although it was only noon (check in is 3pm). The concierge gave us maps of the city and gave us tips on the theatre since we wanted to go one night. He also offers a service for discount tickets if you don't want to wait in the TKTS line for half-off tickets (his are about 30% off on average). The room was spacious (for NYC) and very clean. We thought it was odd that the front desk wanted to know if we wanted the phone turned on (didn't know this was an add-on???) and we never used the TV so I can't comment on that. We also never made it to the pool or ate at the hotel, too much exploring to do in the city. Probably a small thing for most people, but I did think the towels in the bathroom were a bit tiny. I’m a bit spoiled in that I like big fluffy hotel towels, these were the smaller size and the washcloths were odd in that they were threadbare on one side (but purposely so). Anyways, bathroom was very clean though and all in all a wonderful semi-budget hotel. Lots of tourists and families there.	
May 2 2005 	Horrible Reservations Department	Hotel seems to be fine; however, my experience with reservation department was just horrible. ( I made a reservation over the internet and I had to call them in order to correct a small error) Well-…..I traveled to every continent and I have never met such rude people working hotel reservations	
Apr 7 2005	A great hotel!	We spent 6 happy days at the Skyline in a beautiful room that was spacious and comfortable. The bar was a friendly and relaxing place for an drink with staff who really knew their job. We only had breakfast once (first day) and did not return because of the rude and unfriendly woman who appeared to be in charge. She has a lot to learn about being polite and the 'customer is always right'. The hotel was very good value for money.	
Apr 2 2005	give the sky a try	This was our first time visiting New York City and we were traveling with another family. We have children ranging from an infant to nine years old and found this hotel to be exactly what we were looking for. It is inexpensive compared to other similar hotels. The cost to park your vehicle is significantly less expensive ($8-10/day) and we were only charged two days for a Friday to Sunday stay. Good location to walk to Times Square, subway, Rockefeller Center, Broadway, etc. The indoor pool was exceptional- on the top floor with great views of the city. The water was very warm and clean both times we used the pool. Staff was not overly friendly but not rude either. I found this to be the case for most people who work in NYC. We stayed in the new tower, rooms were large and clean. We did talk to another family who were in the older section of the hotel and were disappointed at the size and condition of the rooms. I would suggest requesting a room in the new tower. We asked for adjoining rooms and were told there was none. The rooms do actually adjoin we found out, but the staff said only the fire department had the keys. If you are looking for a fancy high class hotel in the middle of all the action this is not the hotel for you. If you are interested in a clean, inexpensive hotel and are willing to walk a few blocks to the action this is a great choice. The pool really adds to its appeal. Enjoy!	
Mar 17 2005	Really enjoyed our stay at the Skyline	We stayed at the Skyline for 8 days, and thought it was excellent value. Not many hotels in NY have rooftop swimming pools with views of the Empire State Building. Our daughter really enjoyed having a swim after a hot day of sightseeing. The room we had faced the front and was bigger than we expected, with everything we could need. We were really impressed. We were in NY for a wedding, and the bride and groom were staying at the Waldorf, so we did have some comparison, but wouldn't have changed places at all. We found the hotel central for everything we wanted to do, and we thought the staff were friendly. Breakfast wasn't cheap, but there was plenty of it, and we liked it. We would definately stay there again.	
Mar 16 2005	Skyline good value	The Skyline was a good value in a decent location for walking to the theatre and restaurants. The subway to the US Open Tennis Tournament was close by making the trip out to Flushing Meadows a breeze. Parking was exceptionally reasonable. There is a pool on sight that the children (ages 10 and 12) enjoyed. We stayed in the newer portion of the hotel, and the rooms were clean and of average size. I'd recommend this hotel for families with older children.	
Mar 11 2005	brilliant location	just got back from newyork this week i was very worried about this hotel after reading some reviews before i went but found nearly nothing wrong with the place it is well positioned 10 minutes walk to times square which is ideal and subways were very close to. the rooms were very clean and the bed made everyday and the towels changed everyday what more could you want we also had a bonus of having a great view of the empire state building out of our window. I must admit i did find that (some) of the staff weren not to friendly but most of the others were helpfull enough. i would stay there again because at the end of the day your in newyork to visit places and enjoy yourself and not to sit and find faults with places maybe i was out to much and didnt pick them up but i was satisfied with the place so i wouldnt read to much into the other comments go and enjoy yourself NEWYORK IS FAB and the skyline isnt to bad either	
Mar 3 2005	Dont be scared off by the reviews	We stayed here at the beginning of December and after reading the reviews I was a bit worried. There was no need! Everywhere was clean, the staff were very friendly and helpful. They changed our room to a smoking room even though it was our mistake and upgraded us at the same time and a member of staff took us to see the views from the pool area when it was closed. The breakfasts were well worth the money, we didn't have to eat again until the evening! We were also surprised at how close to all the main sightseeing areas we were. Times square is within easy walking distance and once you've seen that you'll walk anywhere because you'll be in a daze!!! All in all this hotel is perfect for a sightseeing trip.	
Feb 9 2005	not bad	stayed 2 nights in mid-january. i researched for a relatively inexpensive hotel since we weren't planning on spending much time in the room. they were out of the standard rooms so i booked the room with 2 queen beds which was still a good deal (just under $300 for 2 nights). the mattress is very firm, and it came with a minifridge which was nice. the room and bathroom were clean, nothing ultra fancy. i could hear the doors slam from rooms next door or nearby on occasion, but no other disturbances. the only complaint is the shower pressure - took forever for my hair to get fully wet. they have an adjoining restaurant which we ordered calamari-to-go on our way home from a broadway show - it was pretty good. the hotel is located on 10th ave btwn 49th &amp; 50th. when walking towards broadway, take 50th versus 49th - seems safer. our broadway theatre showing mamma mia was just 3 streets away down 50th and broadway (.7 miles). the musical was fabulous. i would consider staying at the skyline again if i needed a relatively inexpensive place to stay. the location is convenient if you're spending most of your time in the broadway/times square area. i think the hotel has an indoor pool, but it was temporarily out-of-order, but we weren't interested in it anyways. 	
Feb 8 2005	It's a "Good Deal" period.	This place is a good deal. It's only a few blocks away from the action and if that is too much then you are in bad shape. The rooms are just fine and parking cost is a great bonus! You only sleep here so unless braging to friends about the beutiful room that cost you 300 a night and is still in NY while you are back at your job is your idea of &quot;Living it up&quot; then by all means. Spend your money. Personally I was very satisfied with the hotel and had plenty of money to spend on much more &quot;Value Added&quot; experiences. It is not a dive like some have portraid it. It is a NYC version of econolodge or comfort inn.	
Jan 26 2005	good value	returned fro the skyline in december , I thought the hotel was very good value for money , you pay for what you get!! Clean , friendly staff , two good sized double beds in each room and very centrally located. I have booked again for next dec!!	
Jan 24 2005	Pretty Good!!!	I recently stayed in the hotel for 4 days. The staff are really friendly and the hotel is clean. Its not the diggest in the world, but thats a nice change for NY. The rooms, ok, are a bit worn out, but they are clean, and the daily room service is fantastic. Fresh clean towels every day, and you can more or less get anything you ask for. Walls are a bit thin so be warned! If you are looking for action near to Times Square this is fantastic location, but i went out around Chelsea and in Lower Manhatten and it was a bit of a pain getting a cab back etc. The nearest subway in 2 1/2 blocks away at 50th. Overall though, i couldn't complain, I have stayed in a lot worse.	
Jan 22 2005	Good Location	Just returned from 5 day trip to New York with my wife. New York experience every thing and more you could wish for. Hotel was located in the less glamourous part of the city, but was an ideal location for walking to and from some major sight seeing attractions without feeling threatend in any way. The hotel reception staff were not exactly your &quot;have a nice day&quot;, staff (especially the males). Rooms were cleaned every day and fresh linen provided. Overall basic hotel with a good location as a bases.	
Jan 14 2005	Not too bad	Having just returned from a 4 night staay at tha Skyline I have to say that considering the price paid the Skyline was &quot; not too bad &quot;.The receptionist who booked us in wasn't paticularly welcoming but I have to say other reception staff were generally polite and helpful.Our room was a good size but we realised later that despite requesting a no smoking room we were put on a smoking (3rd) floor which smelt at night.The room was quite clean and the bathroom was in fact very good with plentiful hot water and clean towels.As a base it's pretty good value and only about 15 mins walk from Times Square.Perhaps the area isn't great but at no time did we feel in the slightest threatened or vulnerable.All in all about average but I guess you get what you pay for.As long as all you want is a base the place isn't too bad for a short break.New York is terrific !!	
Jan 11 2005	somewhere to sleep only	just spent 3 nights at skyline hotel, not to bad i suppose, room was medium in size good power shower, cleanishlocation was a bit dodgy, i certainly would not have let my wife leave the hotel alone you can walk to time square in about 15-29 mins, taxi ride to 5th ave is about 7 dollarsone thing i will say is the bar was expensive about $5 for a nasty pint of stella, and the restaurant was expensive for breakfast, about 13 dollars for the buffet, my wife only had fruit salad from the buffet because everything else looked dodgy, i asked the waitress if she would only charge us for the fruit salad -- no chanceall in all this place is ok for somewhere to sleep only	
Jan 11 2005	The experian was superior	On flying all the way to NY from Glasgow we were glad to get to our hotel, only to be told our room had been given away!!!!! However we were put up in the Experian hotel for the night, and on returning to the skyline the following day were given an upgrade to a junior suite. This took some persuading though and the reception staff were rather rude!! Our remaining time at the hotel was average but NYC was fabulous!!!	
Jan 11 2005	Staying once is enough!!!	My family and I stayed for 1 night in Skyline hotel in New York city (address: 725 Tenth Avenue @49th Street )We decided to stay there because it's quite close to Times Square. The online reservation went smoothly and we booked a standard room with 2 double beds. I put in a few extra request such as non-smoking and high floor. When we got there, a RUDE receptionist received us. He didn't say hello or welcome, even after I said 'hi' to him. He asked my name and answered my questions lazily as if that we annoyed him. Maybe he thought that we are not important guests as we only stayed there for 1 night. My request for a standard room with 2 double beds was ignored and instead, I got a suite with 1 double bed with 1 sofa-turned bed. At first, I thought it was fine because we got a bigger room although one of us would have to sleep on the sofa-turned bed. BUT, when we got to the room, we discovered that it had a slight smoke scent and the carpet floor was so DIRTY. We paid around $130 a night. It was ABSOLUTELY NOT WORTH IT!!!! We would rather stay in a more expensive hotel, who understand the meaning of customer service and actually provide one. So, any of you want to in this Skuline hotel, THINK TWICE &amp; STAY AT YOUR OWN RISK!!!)	
Jan 10 2005	It was alright... People behind the counter are rude.	I stayed there recently over the weekend with my mother and sister. The size of the rooms were a nice size w/ two double beds, seemed to be clean but, after traveling around all day we wanted to go to bed early and we were awakened several time by the heating system banging and making noise throughout the night. Fianlly I had to turn off the heat in the room to get some sleep. The next day we went to check out I told the girl behind the counter about the furnice and she said well that happens in alot of the rooms. She pretty much could have cared less about how our stay was. I will not be coming back!!!!!!!!	
Jan 7 2005	BEWARE - VERY INCONSISTENT!	I booked this hotel because it was cheaper than many others in NY, now I know why. The foyer looks very nice, but the rooms are in various states of disrepair. What you get seems to be the luck of the draw. This is why we have ratings here from 1 star to 5 star.Some rooms are quite clean and tidy, obviously being re-decorated within recent years, other are obviously a decade old with flaking paint, dirty/worn carpet and even cracked walls and damaged wood-work. Some rooms are smallish, some are quite spacious. The smoking rooms absolutely stink of years of stale smoke. The air-con often rattles very badly and can be ineffective.The buffet breakfast is not that great and hardly cheap.The Hotel is on the very edge of the action, in an unattractive lonely area - it’s a good 15-20 min walk to Times Square. If you get a cheap deal and are very unfussy, by old means go for it. Alternatively if you have reasonable standards, there must be hundreds of Hotels better than this one not costing so much more.(I've rated this as 2 star, rather than 1, simply becuse if you are lucky enough to get a good room, you would have an O.K. experience)	
Jan 1 2005	OK-ish	Just arrived back home in the UK, after spending a few days in the Skyline Hotel.The room and bathroom were clean enough, but small. Lighting was poor and the whole place seemed to be stuck in a bit of a time warp.The only problem we really had with the room, was that we reserved a room with two double beds, to be given a room with one double bed. We asked for two extra pillows, but they seemed to only be able to find one. I'd have hoped a hotel would at least have been able to track down a few pillows!Hotel reception staff were very unhelpful, verging on rude. Restaurant staff were just scary.Air conditioning/heating seemed to be a bit confused. When switched off, hot air came out. When switched onto cool, a bad smell came out.I'm glad I didn't read any of these reviews before I went, or there's no way I'd have stayed at the Skyline! It really wasn't that bad. We just wanted somewhere to sleep, which we got. We didn't see any rodents and haven't got any dodgy rashes.. yet.The Hotel was a reasonable price for the location. Easy walking distance to Broadway/Times Square and not far from Central Park.We did go on a one-day tour with Grayline Tours, which was excellent. The tour guide was very friendly and helpful.. as were everyone else, apart from the hotel staff.I'd possibly stay there again, if I just needed somewhere to sleep.. though now I've read about the rodents and the rashes, I'd have to think twice!All in all, it was ok. We didn't have any major problems.	
Dec 14 2004 	Pretty Darn Decent!	I read some scary reviews of this place before staying here and was worried when this turned out to be the only hotel I could book for my trip. I thought I might have a rat or mouse as 2 other reviews reported, and I figured I would have to just deal with general yuckiness. Luckily, all the good reviews I read were true! It was clean, the room was surprisingly larger than I had expected (comparable to a small Holiday Inn), the staff was extremely friendly (one desk clerk even took messages from my Mom and delivered them to me after I had checked out!), and while it's a little old, it was over all very good. It was a short walk from Times Square and is within walking distance of Lincoln Center if you don't mind hoofing it a little! It was a 6$ cab ride to every place good. If you don't mind staying somewhere that's a little older, I would definitely recommend it! No alarm clock though, so bring your own!	
Dec 13 2004	would stay again	no problems what so ever, great location, no problems with staff, or sticky smelly carpets, i also do not have any strange rashes appearing on my person, for what we paid i thought it was great, we were out of the room for 12 hours aday so didn't get chance to use the pool so i can't comment on that, the only thing i will mention is there were no coffee making facilities in the room so i'll know to take my travel kettle with me next time, rooms very large, there were 3 of us in ours, we had 2 double beds, i know my friend very well so it was no problem sharing, maybe i'm easily pleased but if your want 5 star luxury go to 5 star hotel, new york was fantastic, and hotel great location, would come again	
Nov 29 2004	This hotel gave me a rash!!!	This hotel seems like a great deal. At $125 a night great price for NYC. Great location...within walking distance of Times Square. I found the desk staff to be extremely rude, but I didn't think too much about it. The kicker about this hotel was found out two weeks later. Both my friend and I got Scabies from the sheets.	
Nov 22 2004	Hotel was just what we needed!	My boyfriend and I are students and we decided to take a weekend trip to the city. Our biggest concern with the hotel was the price. We chose the Skyline totally based on price. We wanted a hotel just to sleep in at night, we knew we would rarely be there. We were a bit leary of what we would find when we checked into the hotel room based on the bad reviews found on this site. We were pleasantly surprised at the cleanliness and service at this hotel. The room appeared to be clean (I'm pretty picky about cleanliness, the sheets are clean but are well-used). The hotel did show its age a bit (chipped paint in bathroom, iron leaked water, couch was a bit worn) but for a place to rest our heads at night it was just fine! The staff seemed to be very helpful with our questions regaurding getting around the city although we didn't have any real issues that we had to deal with the staff.We enjoyed our trip and we would definitly stay at the Skyline again. If you are used to 5 star hotels and want a romantic room, this wouldn't be a good choice. But if you are like us and just need a place to lay your head at night you can't beat it in NYC!	
Nov 4 2004	Awful...Don't waste your money. There are better hotels.	Myself and 11 other ladies that I attended college with stayed at the Skyline for 1 night on October 21, 2004 before changing to another hotel. It was awful! The hotel is in great need of remodeling. It looks dirty. The carpet was dirty, the paint and wall paper coming off the walls, and the hotel smelled old and muggy. The hotel staff was extremely rude. We had 4 ladies in each room and there were only 2 towels. We called down to the front desk to request additional towels and were told the hotel didn't have anymore, so we had to share towels if we wanted to take a shower. I thought the location was not the best in the world. It was a long walk to Time Square. The hotel staff &quot;didn't have time&quot; to give us directions, and the neighborhood did not look very appealing. The next morning we checked out and went to The Wellington Hotel. We were treated like we were famous there and the price was the same as the Skyline. Don't waste your money at the Skyline	
Nov 1 2004	Good value large suites	The room was large enough for three of us. We had the deluxe king with pull out sofa. It was cleaned every day. The only draw back we had was the cleaning people did not wait for you to answer the door; they just knocked once and opened the door. That happened about 3 times.No rodents or insects. Over all it was nice.	
Oct 10 2004	OK but beginning to show its' age.	We had to come to New York when the Republicans were in town and ended up paying a bit more than we would have liked. The lad taking us and our bags up to our room noticed that we had been given a room with only one double bed for three of us before we had even left reception. I told the bloke on reception that I had booked a deluxe room with two queen size beds and he allocated us a room that had two double beds but I don't think could be categorized as 'de luxe.' The room was fairly large and had views of the Empire State building. The air conditioning worked and there was little traffic noise. The hotel is within easy walking distance of Times Square and Broadway. We never ate in the hotel as there was always somewhere more convenient to eat. There is a diner just a short distance away that offers good value breakfasts and you can sit and mix with the locals. After a short break in Lake George we came back and stayed at the Holiday Inn Martinique on Broadway which was cheaper (probably 'cos the Republicans had left town) and better quality.Would use again but I would book Martinique first if I could.	
Oct 9 2004	At your own risk...	My girlfriend and I went to the Skyline hotel in august 2004 and we were moderately satisfied... Until we saw a mouse running through our room!!!We thought we had made a great deal by finding this cheap 3 and a half stars (???) hotel, but we rapidly realized that when you go to New York, you have to pay to get some quality. It seemed like an ok hotel, but when there is a mouse in the rooms, it is representative of the hotel's hygiene. and there was no way we were going to sleep with a small animal runnig around the room!We finally went to the Kitano where we got a much better service and a much cleaner room... for much more expensive!	
Oct 2 2004	Reasonable value	Reasonable value, not too far from the centre and clean. On/off switch for one bedside light not working but could pull plug at wall from bed! Breakfasts very bland but quick. Main problem: reception staff unsmiling and volunteer nothing - you have to drag info out of them. Porters went walkabout but very cheerful and helpful when located (reception refused to help). Note to manager: do you want to hire me for a customer care course?	
Oct 1 2004	Rude horrible service	I stayed at the Skyline Hotel 9/28/04 - 9/30/04. To say that the staff is unfriendly would be putting it mildly. I was ill-prepared for the rude, actually mean-spirited, behavior I had the misfortune of dealing with. Upon arrival at noon, my king size deluxe non-smoking room that I'd reserved was not ready. I came back three hours later, a little concerned that the clerk was so unfriendly, never smiled or said anything more than what was necessary, I was given the key to my room only to find that it was a double, not the king I'd reserved. I called down to the receptionist. She said the only other room was a king smoking room (never apologized for the inconvenience). I kindly asked what happened to my reservation? She said in very broken English i had to choose between the rooms, that they &quot;don't guarantee rooms&quot; whatever that means. I opted for the non-smoking double and asked her to adjust my rate. she told me to talk to the manager. I didn't think it would be a problem. So, when I went to check out, this same clerk told me that she wasn't going to change my rate b/c I had signed in and approved that rate with my initials on the form. I was shocked. I explained the obvious -- that I signed for a room that was supposed to be a king but wouldn't have known it wasn't until actually entering the room which I couldn't do without checking in first. She accused me of lying about the room I'd reserved, telling me that my initials meant i was going to pay that rate no matter what the room was (??!). I asked to speak to the manager. The manager was even worse than she was. She adjusted my rate, but kept lecturing me that I had signed for a room and chosen that room and that my initials upon check-in proved their point. I thought I was in the Twilight Zone. They wanted to charge me for a king size room that THEY had not even placed me in, that I never saw nor stayed in. Their mistake wasn't what upset me, it was the way they spoke to me. Both the clerk and the manager acted angry with me and never once admitted they made a mistake. Even as I signed my bill with the adjusted rate, the clerk kept mumbling &quot;you signed for this room and this was the room you wanted.&quot; I actually told her to be quiet, that i was finished with the conversation. She kept on mumbling and scowling at me -- and the manager just casually walked away. I actually raised my voice, telling her all she had to was to thank me for my business and tell me to have a nice day -- that still didn't stop her absurd rant. We actually ended up in a screaming match that they seemed to want to provoke. She didn't care that other patrons were standing around waiting to check in. She just wanted to argue with me even after the matter had been settled. It was the most unnerving and odd thing I've ever had happen to me in any service establishment anywhere. The rooms are old and smelly, but spacious and cheap. The location was perfect so all was not lost. But, the people who run this hotel do not care about your experience there. Only stay at this hotel if you can't afford anything else. And don't expect to be treated like a human being when you arrive.	
Sep 27 2004	Good value large suites 	This hotel was less central than other hotels but we still managed to walk to Times Square with the two young children. We felt completely safe in this area.It was great value for a family with children who prefer to use a suite. The suite was large, clean and comfortable with fridge, two TVs etc.Parking is also a big plus at this hotel and affordable at $8 for the entire stay.Staff were competent and we particularly enjoyed breakfast time where the staff were very friendly. Breakfast included cooked food - very good start to a day of intensive sight-seeing !We would definitely use this hotel again.	
Sep 16 2004	TERRIBLE HOTEL	I and four of my friends have just come back from New York after staying at the Skyline Hotel. It was terrible, DO NOT waste your money staying there. The staff were not welcoming or friendly upon arrival and as for asking for any assistance or information that was too much of any effort (unless it meant them getting a tip). As for cleanliness, it left a lot to be desired. The lighting was poor in the rooms and the shower cubicle was soooo small. The only benefit was the air-conditioning in the room, but even that broke down several times. Be warned, if it is your first time in New York - do not stay there!!	
Sep 15 2004	The Skyline is a fading hotel...	Hi - Got the Skyline on Expedia (rated 3* &quot;quality&quot; hotel). Was told I couldn't get a non-smoking room - until they saw that was what was reserved for me(?). The parking is very cheap - 8$/day, but the valets were unbelievably surly. The room was clean, but many items were on their last legs... cracks in the walls, window wouldn't quite close, a/c on high kept the room at 70, etc. The room was fairly quiet, on the 5th floor, even though it faced 10th ave. I paid about 160 for this (my business had a meeting during fashion week), and must say that it is the lowest quality hotel I have stayed in in NYC. It is just below the New Yorker Ramada in quality; I usually get 4* MTW hotels on Priceline for around 120 (but not this weekend...). I just wanted to make sure that everyone knew it wasn't really a 3* (in spite of the hair dryer and ironing board). The neighborhood doesn't appear dangerous, but I wasn't too comfortable walking around at 9pm alone, either	
Sep 9 2004	If it's your money	If it's your money this is where you'll want to spend it. So you're coming to New York and need a place to stay. Consider the room cost, the parking fee, and the tax on top--it all adds up. You can park directly at this hotel for $8.00 per day. The Westin is $45.00 and the Marriott is $40.00. I have stayed all over New York--Holiday Inn, Marriott, Milford Plaza, Edison, Roosevelt, Waldorf, Sheraton, Hilton and believe me this hotel is one of the best. It is quick to get into your room and out and the rooms are almost twice as large as most NY Hotels. Forget all the people with the negative experiences--sure if you have a bad day your reivew will be bad. Yes some areas of the hotel are a little worn, but you can't go wrong.Spend the extra money here and get their deluxe rooms. They are very nice and clean. The standard rooms are usually filled with people from tours or oversea groups. The area is safe and you must walk three blocks to Time Square, but it is a safe walk. Taxi's are here all the time as well. The front desk people are a bit strange, so just be assertive and clear when speaking to them. They have room service and the restaurant is quite efficient with reasonable prices. They have small gift shop. And the Lounge is very inviting and relaxing in an art deco setting. Convenience store/deli directly across the street, and a good Pizza shop. One block over tons of full service restaurants.It's your money!!Have fun	
Sep 7 2004	Great place to stay - spacious rooms!	I stood here Sept. 3. This place is great! Nicely decorated, spacious room. I had a deluxe king suite for only $119, a bargain for NYC. Before booking this place I checked out other hotels in Manhattan and Skyline was by far the best. All other rooms I viewed in other hotels were tiny ex. Clarion Park South, Broadway Plaza, Milford Plaza, etc. Skyline is comfortable had a very comfortable mattress with down bedding. The heated indoor pool is a plus and the vicinity of the hotel is great - close to all but yet far enough to avoid the city bustle. I've stayed at many hotels and this one is by far the best. I will definitly be back.	
Sep 6 2004	bad experience beware!	Starting with something posative the room was updated and clean. Unfortunately, we found the staff difficult to understand, the front desk clerk had a hard time communicating how to get to our room, forget about asking them directions to get to public transportation. We used the parking garage at the hotel (valet style where you give them your keys) and our car was broken into. Both the parking garage and the hotel were about as unhelpful and rude as I could imagine after such an incident. Both claimed they were not responsible and offered no assistance, nor any kind of compensation. Needles to say we will not be going back.	
Aug 29 2004	It ain't the Ritz but we'll be back	A good budget choice for NYC. Our family of four found the room well-kept and comfortable during six-night stay in July 2004. We got plenty of sleep, perhaps due to our location on the eighth floor in the renovated building. The pool was a real plus during the summer. The staff was nice enough and helpful when we needed assistance. Some annoying details reminded us of the budget level accommodation: some run down parts on the main level, an elevator that refused to go to the top floor, the pool room running out of towels, the bellhop intervening when I attempted to use the luggage cart (he wanted to get a tip; nice approach). I would double-check discount theatre ticket prices at the Concierge against the half-price tickets in Times Square. The Skyline ain’t the Ritz, but we didn’t expect it to be. For the price, it exceeded expectations. We’ll be back.	
Aug 28 2004	Great for cheap price	I stayed 3days in the beginning of November,my husband appreciated so much. It was an ideal hotel for the cheap price - good location, large rooms for Manhattan,clean,simple,Concierge&amp;other stuffs were so kind! Check in was easy and quick, the rooms were quiet and comfortable and very clean. 24 hours-opening deli were in front of this hotel.	
Aug 17 2004	Great Deal	I had a play produced on 9th Avenue, so I brought my cast to the Skyline. It was an ideal hotel - good location, good deals, large rooms for Manhattan! Check in was easy, the rooms were quiet and comfortable and very clean. And when I realized I'd left something in my car, the attendant let me go get it, rather than charge me $8 for taking the car out.Only two debits: I had two rooms, one for one night, one for two. They inexplicably put the car under the one-night room, and it was much more of an ordeal than necessary to move it to the other room. Two, again a car issue - the attendant made me go back to the front desk because there was an error on the tag before he got my car. Not like this put me out, but an apology would have been nice.Still, overall, if you have an event between 8th and 10th, the Skyline is a great place to stay. Beats Comfort Inn.	
Aug 17 2004	Fabulous Deal	We stayed for 3 days in the first week of AUG and had a very good experience. Since we drove into the city, parking was a major concern and we were pleased to find Skyline. Both the rooms and parking were reasonable. Important note: our car came out of the garage exactly as it entered. We appreciated that.As noted, the staff is not overtly friendly, particularly the eastern European bellhops, but this is more cultural than intentional. They were efficient, and that's all that concerned us. That said, we had no issues needing attention, so I can't speak on their problem solving skills. The public areas were not air conditioned and this was a little uncomfortable, but livable. The lobby was pleasant and full of bustle, mostly tourists with families. The room was clean and well appointed for the price. We had a clean, white down duvet and soft sheets, nice sofa, laptop sized safe, a good sized refrigerator and a view of the Empire State Building. For the price we paid, I do not think that can be beat. We were close to theatres, Times Square and the best Thai restaurant in the city, Pam Real Thai (no atmosphere but if you love Thai food, this is the one), which delivered to our room in less than 20 minutes. Would I stay again? Absolutely. I would prefer to spend my money on a meal at Bobby Flay's and dessert at Serendipity than faux hotel elegance, so I consider Skyline a great value.	
Aug 10 2004 	A great value for the money	Stayed at the Skyline for a week while attending a conference in NYC. I had a great experience, while others in our group did not. Part of the reason might be that there are actually 2 parts to this hotel. I was in the newer part and some of our group was in the older part. For my part, i felt that the hotel was very well kept and an excellent value for the price. The staff seemed to be very responsive when spoken to with respect and a sense of humor. The &quot;screamers&quot; among us did get a frosty reception at the front desk. Something about catching more flys with honey? But i would recommend the Skyline to anyone who is visiting NYC and does not want to blow their whole budget on a hotel that you will only sleep in and that's it. Give it a try!	
Aug 5 2004	Great for the money!	We just got back from a 5-night stay at the Skyline. I would DEFINITELY stay there again. Okay, so the place is a bit worn but we paid $119 a night and expected a lot less, especially after reading some of the negative reviews on this site. The room was very nice with 2 large beds and a very nice view of the skyline. The bathroom was very clean, as was the whole room. I read about the rude staff in other reviews--certainly did NOT encounter this. Everyone was very helpful and pleasant to deal with and one desk manager even went out of his way to give us a money-saving tip about the parking garage next door. The hotel was in a great location within walking distance of Times Square and the subways to all the other parts of NY. The area has some great restaurants and a great deli that seems to be open around the clock right across the street. Even the parking attendants were pleasant in the adjacent parking garage which is only $8 a day as advertised--if you don't move your car. This was the one surprise. If you do need to take your car out, it is $16 a day but even that is below market for a big city. I can't imagine what caused the problems the people who wrote the negative reviews had but I am certainly going to stay at the Skyline Hotel again.	
Aug 2 2004	Great experience...I'd recommend it to my parents	Seems like people have had a range of experiences...thankfully, my recent 2-night stay at the Skyline was enjoyable. We stayed in Room 549, a spacious room in the back tower of the hotel that was beautifully appointed and extremely clean (and that's coming from a fastidious, clean-freak). It had a massive bed w/ comfy duvet, an elegant bathroom that I'd love to have in my own home, and nice extras like a fridge, safe and mirrored dressing table. No ugly painting of a grouse here - there was a large silver-framed b/w old photograph of New York that set the tone for the whole room...down to green velvet cushions on the couch. We paid $119/night and felt we got good value for our money. Another highlight was the restaurant in the hotel...delicious food and selection.As people have pointed out I wouldn't say the staff had a very sunny disposition but they were adequate. My only problems with this hotel was the mediocre water pressure in the shower and the front desk promising to send up a replacement light bulb and never showing. Regardless, I recommend this hotel for its accessible location, affordable rate, and comfortable room!	
Jul 28 2004	You get what you pay for! AKA "Rat Hotel"	I would not write a bad review unless I felt it was absolutely necessary. So to avoid others from making the same mistake as I did I definitely wanted to publish something for everyone to read. Upon checking in, the room's tub had spaghetti in the bath tub, however that was not the reason we had to abruptly leave. While in our room, we saw a &quot;rat&quot; run by the curtain. Upon calling the front desk, they sent a man with a flashlight who informed us this was the 4th time however the rat(s) usually hide by the time they get there. The front desk did not do anything to accomodate us. Their answer was the Mgr. was gone till Monday they were overbooked by 6 rooms and had no vacancies. Whereas my reply was so you are expecting us to sleep with the &quot;rats&quot;. Needless to say, I and my 78 yr. old mother checked out immediately. Staff was very unprofessional at all times. Rooms accomodations were not met as originally requested and even though you have a reservation you are not guaranteed a room (six were without rooms at 10pm in a city awaiting the DNC)! However, I think their add should include &quot;Hotel Pets aka rats as a hotel ammenity!	
Jul 26 2004	Does the job	Just back from a three day night at the Skyline. Picked it because of the good reviews on this board and the decent price. Rooms are not that big and basic but clean. The concierge was very helpful with questions about New York, the Nepalese bartender was a pleasant soccer-fan. Okay, the people won't hug and kiss you when you come and leave but we have no complaints like I read in other recent reviews. The location is fantastic. Just a few minutes walking from Times Square in a friendly neighbourhood. Would we stay there again? Why not?	
Jul 19 2004	Just ok you could do better (or worse)	The rooms were average. I'd give it a strong 2 star rating, maybe a low 3 star. It was a little run down, but nothing terrible. The hotel is in an ok location, a short walk to times square. It is reasonably priced and you get what you pay for.	
Jul 6 2004	Skyline: Great Deal for Those Traveling by Car	We stayed at the Skyline Hotel on the July 1st/July 4th long weekend. The hotel is a great deal particularly if you are planning on driving to New York. Parking is less than half the price of other hotels and the location is very easy to access by car (limited in-city navigation needed). We had no problems at all during our stay. The bathroom and room were super clean. The location of the hotel is close walking distance to lots of attractions and the subway for longer distance travels. We were confused about the comments made on this site that the hotel was in a bad area. It did not seem that way to us at all and we were two females who traveled around the town at all hours of the day/evening.Hotel staff were not particularly friendly as some reviews have pointed out however not rude at all. I think the negative reports on this website reflect people looking for a luxury hotel. You will not get that in New York for $100 a night! The Skyline is a great deal for the price and is more than adequate for those of us whom don't need a mint on their pillowcase.	
Jun 20 2004	Worst Stay ever anywhere	The hotel had no hot water, the front desk never answered the phone, and our wake-up calls weren't made, and that was the good part. We were on a tour ( grade 8 class), and the hotel agreed to host our farewell dance. We arrived out of a rainstorm, without a change of clothes (as the hotel wouldn't let us store our luggage at the hotel, so we had to put it on buses) and the hotel refused us towels at first to dry off. One of our students was sick (bronchial infection), and the only place the staff would consider placing her for rest was in a janitor's accessway, which was covered in filth and muck. Some students who couldn't go to the dance were at a table in a hallway, and were told they couldn't sit at the table. Overall, the staff and owner of the hotel were rude, obnoxious, and completely unsympathetic to their customers. In 27 countries I've travelled to, this was the worst hotel I've ever stayed at, bar none.	
Jun 8 2004	You could do worse!	Stayed just after Easter.Not a bad hotel at all for the money. Decent-sized and reasonably appointed rooms, and a view as good as the name suggests.A few blocks away from the action, and in a slightly down at heel (but not threatening) area, but only 10 minutes' amble from Broadway.I would stay there again.	
Jun 3 2004	Fav hotel in NY!	I have stayed at this hotel 4 times, each time using the Queen delux internet rate, about $139 for 3 people. It is worth every penny. The beds are luxurious and comfy with big down comforters. Furniture is cherry. Bathrooms are big with lots of hot water, just the right temperature and pressure. The restaurant downstairs has great food &amp; a reasonable buffet breakfast.The location of the hotel is very convenient to the theatre district, and a few blocks from Central Park. It's not the greatest street, but if you go over one block toward downtown, there are lots of great restaurants.Parking is $8/day, no in and out priveleges. Can't beat that in NY.Highly recommend this wonderful place. Don't forget to ask for 3rd floor in the back section.	
Jun 3 2004	Had reservation but didn't get to stay there.	Booked hotel reservation in March. Daughter stayed there and was satisfied. The reason I booked was the recommendation of my daughter, the low parking rates and proximity to Times Sq. and other attractions. Hotel did not have a room the first night. We would have to be put up at another hotel. Was told bellman could get us a cab and they would pay for taxi. We asked the bellman if he could get us a taxi and was told that we could put up our arm as well as he could. At that point I felt that the move to another hotel was probably going to be a good thing.We stayed at the other hotel for the entire stay. We came back in the end to get our car. 	
May 23 2004	Great hotel great price and location	This will be our third summer to go to NYC.We always stay at the Skyline. Great location walking distance to most attractions. I always recommend this to friends	
May 17 2004	Would stay again!!!	If your healthy, able to walk and enjoy people watching this is the place. Three of us (all women from the age of 28-31) went and we walked the whole time to Time Square approx. a 10 minute walk or so. So for the price it's a bargain! I also don't recommend the pool. But like the others the view is wonderful. Take a camera. There is no vending machines in the hallway to grab a late snack if needed but a little corner store across the street is opened 24 hours. The only downfall I would say is I would stay in a little better area. But if you have common sense you know when not to walk home (in the dark etc etc, by yourself) then you will be fine! Enjoy your stay! Staff was very pleasant also.	
Apr 25 2004	Would definatly do it again!	We booked a room here for a girls weekend to NYC. We had booked online, and there was a problem with our reservation. I had my printed reservation in hand, and without any issue, the staff upgraded our reservation for a basic room to a suite at the same price. They were very helpful with our needs for directions to go to different sites. The room was very clean, and for the money you cant go wrong. It was great to go up on the roof to see the skyline of New York, but the only thing I wouldnt recommend is swimming in the pool. Other than that, I would definatly recommend this hotel, and will definatly plan on going back soon!	
Apr 22 2004	Would recommend Skyline	Stayed at the Skyline in April 2004. Nice experience all around. Clean, newly renovated rooms, good service, priced right and nice location close to Times Square.	
Apr 14 2004	good location Great price	The Skyline if a good, very reasonably priced hotel for a trip to NYC. The rooms are clean and up the standard you would epect from any hotel. The staff are not the most friendly people on the world - but then again you don't have much interaction with them anyway.It is only a short stroll from a subway station and shops, restaurants etc. It definately has the best prices for a hotel in the heart of the big apple.	
Apr 11 2004	Nice Place but a little out of the way	Skyline is a great hotel. The rooms are spacious and clean. The hotel isn't anything fancy, but if you want to save money for other fun things to do and don't plan on spending the whole time in the room then this is the place for you. The prices are reasonable compared to the other hotels up in Times Square and Central Park, which are very costly. The restaurant that it attachad to the hotel is reasonable. $10 for the breakfast buffet. They also have room service. It is about a 10 minute walk to Times Square from this hotel. The walk at night is a little creepy through the side streets to get to the hotel. That is where some homeless people sleep and the streets weren't lite up very well. But we didn't have any trouble with anyone. When you are at Skyline be sure to go the pool area. You can see the Empire State building. At night it is a wonderful site. Best of luck on your trip to NYC.	
Apr 7 2004	Superb family accomadation - where else can you swim with a view of the Empire State Building???	Roomy accomodation, warm and comfortable (although lacking anywhere for grown ups to sit comfortably once the small ones were asleep).We stayed for 3 nights 4-6th March and found the staff at the Skyline very helpful (unless you wanted extra pillows or room service :( ) The room was plenty large enough (2 double beds) and although our room was above the main entrance, it wasn't too noisey. The bathroom was HUGE and very clean and sparkling - loved the white tiles and hope to refurbish our own bathroom in a similar style. Shower was 'forceful', although control of it took some getting used to :)Would be happy to stay again.......	
Mar 13 2004	Rude front desk personal	I stayed in the Skyline March 8-11, 2004. I was with a group of students on a tour. It was my first trip to New York. The room was average for size. I only had a shower in the bathroom. The room smelled horrible. We had ask for non-smoking but it was not available. The second evening we only had 30 minutes to dress for the theater. My room key would not work. The Russian woman at the front desk was VERY rude. For some reason they had checked me out of my room. All my belongings were in the room and they would not let me in. Finally after 25 minutes the valet let me in so I could change my clothes. After the theater they finally got me checked back in. Also that night they had the hot water off from 9pm until 4am for plumbing repairs. They next evening my room key would not work again. I was told the keys are very sensitive. I had been careful to not have it by any electronics. I never recieved an apology for any of the problems. The third evening the electricity went off on the second floor where many of our group was staying. The front desk said it was because too many were using hair dryers and blew a fuse. Fortunately we were out of the hotel most of the time. I will not plan on a return visit to this hotel!!!!	
Mar 11 2004	Diamond in the ruff	I had to come out for a business trip to visit the Stella Triple Pier Antique Shows- this hotel was very good for me. When I checked in, to my surprise, they had overbooked the standard rooms, and in light of this, upgraded me to a 2 room suite for free. Certainly it wasn't a Caesar's Palace suite- but it was comfortable, clean and had a decent view. The staff was friendly and helpful- the concierge was very personable. It was close to the areas I needed to be in- and it was quiet. I had a great experience here and will definitely return on my next trip to NYC.	
Mar 3 2004	Totally amazing deal!	$100 a night in NYC. Blocks from Broadway and Times Square. Count me in! Have stayed here twice, and have already made reservations for next X-mas. I can't use Priceline...we need a guaranteed two beds when travelling with the kids, so the deals are harder to come by. This is probably one of the best deals in Manhattan you can find. Now I didn't say best hotel! But it was really better than I expected. Clean, quiet, convenient. Safe. Thanks Skyline, keep your prices where they are and I will be back!I will say they have just added a new reservation interface on their website (www.skylinehotelny.com) that is not good. I hope they change it back. It was easier to tell what was available at what price before.	
Feb 26 2004	liked it	We asked for a revovated newer room...It was quiet and comfortable and I remember the parking fee was cheaper than most NY hotels. Only negative that I remember (we stayed here about 1 year ago) was that it took a wait of over 1/2 hour to get our luggage after we'd stored it with management. Also it is a little out of the way from most NY activities/attractions.	
Feb 24 2004	Warm and Welcoming	I have just returned from New York while taking my elderly mother there, we stayed at the Skyline Hotel, we could not have wished for a better place to stay, very friendly staff and very helpful, we had a very large room that accomodated two very large double beds, the room was very clean and was cleaned every day the only issue we had was that if you fancied a lie in, putting the &quot;Do not disturb&quot; sign on your door goes unoticed, the maid will still come in, so beware. The Hotel restaraunt is quite resonably priced and very nice food. It is a short walk to Times square and the shopping Mall. Definatly go on the 4 hour coach tour this will cost Â£27.00 for 4 hours but is well worth it. We would stay at this hotel again.	
Feb 22 2004	Thumbs up for the Skyline Hotel	We've just returned from a 4-night break in New York staying at the Skyline Hotel. We found it to be very clean, the staff were helpful &amp; it's only a 10 - 15 minute walk from the Rockefeller Center, 5th Ave &amp; Broadway. We'll be back soon.	
Feb 19 2004	No Complaints about Skyline	I stayed in the Skyline Hotel January 5th through 9th 2004 and have no complaints about my visit. The room was spacious and clean, the staff members were friendly, and the concierge was extremely helpful. The location was ideal for getting to Times Square, Rockefeller Plaza, and the subway-- only a few minutes walk. Several diners and restaurants lined the street near the hotel, and most delivered directly to the hotel, which was convenient for late-night dinners. The view from the pool area on the top floor was beautiful. Even if you don't use the pool, go up there anyway (especially at night), and bring your camera. It's worth it.	
Feb 19 2004	Great hotel	Had a really good stay here. The room was nice and big, we got 2 double beds, even though we only booked for 1. Nice clean bathroom with shower and bath. Convenient to order food - you can order from in the hotel, or from any of the nearby diners/delis and they will deliver to the hotel. Didn't have the best of views from our room, but we were only in there to sleep - didn't bother us too much. The view from the 9th floor where the swimming pool is is excellent, you can see the empire state building etc. clearly. Heating/AC was a little noisy, but we slept perfectly with it on all night, so it's not that bad. Not the best location, a few blocks from Times Square, but we didn't have a problem walking there whenever we wanted to. Metro station closeby too.	
Feb 10 2004	great hotel booked again for this year	Found this hotel quite by accident on the Internet. My daughter and I were having a girlie shopping trip in March 2003. I was a bit worrid about the location but once we have settled in and had a quick look round I realised it would be OK. The Staff were pleasant and efficent and we had a room with 2 beds overlooking the hotel entrance. We tried breakfast in the hotel on the first day, a bit of a mistake , there are plenty of other places offereing better choice and cheaper, so avoid eating in the hotel. Bus service is great and a much better way of seeing the city than the subway. Someone did tell us that only poor people used the bus but we didn't care, the entertainment factor ( one bus trashed a taxi one day) was well worth it. If you are staying more than 3 days go to the Subway and buy a 7 day ticket it works out cheaper, the hotel only sells day passes We were caught in a deli across the road by what I understand is a common scam in the USA. I gave the man a $20 note whihc he took out of my view to the till and he gave me change for $10. When I said I had given him $20 he showed me a $10 bill. I know I gave him ?20. I understand this is very common in the USA so be on your guard and always announce loudly the denomination of the bill when you hand it over. We have booked agin for this year, hopefully we may get an upgrade, we wait and see. 	
Feb 9 2004	Great hotel for tourist in New York	First visit to New York and booked this hotel through expedia, stayed for 4 nights and loved it! Booked a twin room and had no problems. Location was great only a few blocks over from broadway, times square and major attractions, as well as central park. Reception staff very helpful, room was clean and tidy. Would definately stay here again when i return to the city. For the tourist its a fab place to stay. Walked one block across to 50th and on the corner was a lovely diner where we ate breakfast every morning, very cheap and very friendly.	
Jan 28 2004	Very good value for the $ Clean - Spacious - Great Location	Good value for the location. You won't get a mint on your pillow but it's clean, spacious, and very well situated. Bathrooms have been updated. Hotel staff was courteous and helpful.One note, if you rent a car (which you really don't need to) know that you can park it around the corner on the street with no problem, no cost just as long as you pay attention to the street signs and know when you have to move the car.	
Jan 24 2004	Don't walk...RUN from this hotel!	I booked a night at Skyline to take my boyfriend out for a romantic evening, and it was terrible! The room we had was tiny...and cold! There was a sad excuse for a blanket and the heat sounded like a team of construction workers! We had to choose between warm and loud or cold and quiet!We woke up at 2 am because we were so uncomfortable and ordered food from a nearby diner that delivered to the hotel. My boyfriend had to go downstsairs to pick up the food because they wouldn't let the delivery man come up!There were 3 lamps in the room - 2 of which did not work. The towels were small and paper thin.When we (finally) checked out, we went to get our car from the $8 garage, where we were allowed to keep our car until 3 pm without getting charged. We got to the window at 3:04 and were not helped until 3:14...at which point the manager charged us for the entire next HOUR because we were a few minuted late and then had to wait on their line!To make a long story short, this was a terrible hotel and turned a romantic night into a nightmare...I know New York City can be pricey, but pay extra...its worth it!Good Luck!	
Jan 14 2004	the skyline new york not the best but good value	found the skyline good value stayed 8 days over new year the beds are hard thou ..rooms are kept clean the swimming pool is open very strange hours but what a view of the skyscrappers from its tenth floor location. the hotel is a bit out the way but on two bus routes across and uptown .very easy too use and cheap 7 day pass 21 dollars for subway and busses [a metro card ]important tip you can get too airport[jfk] for 7 dollars if you use the subway too howard jonson [blue line A]ask for a leaflet at subways instead of approx 65 dollars in a taxi ...the subway is very easy too use and safe but be streetwise blend in be a local .....i reccommend munsonns dinner just down the side off the hotel 1 block a real true u s dinner with all the trimmings happy travels ,	
Jan 14 2004	Pay extra to stay elsewhere!!!	If you are like me and hope to get the best advise about the hotels that you are researching read on. I stayed at the Skyline this past weekend (1-10-04), I have stayed at many hotels in the mid-town/theatre district, and this is not one that I will be staying at again. Overall, the hotel and rooms look old despite the &quot;Newly Renovated&quot; description that you see on all of the travel websites. The loud banging noise that was coming out of heater kept me up all night, and it seem to have had one setting &quot;EXTREMELY HOT&quot; even though I played with ever possible setting. The remote control did not work and the bathroom was extremely small. Please take my advice, for a comfortable stay pay a little more and stay somewhere else. NYC is a great place to stay. Don't let the hotel that you choose ruin it.	
Jan 13 2004	Do Not Stay Here!	This place was horrible, good thing I was there for one night. There are some variables to my complaint, so it might be different for you. Firstly, I booked through expedia maybe thats why, but i dont think so(standard room for $116).So, here is my top 10 reasons to avoid the skyline:1) short -end- of -stick--- expedia offers 2 options 1 king or 2 doubles-- I got to the hotel on a sunday, asked to be upgraded --the lady looked at me cross-eyed, said there werent any available (yeah right, on a sunday--give me a break) so we got the 2 doubles.2) enter into hotel room... geez 2 out of the 4 lights were broke. Had a funky full mirror on one of the walls (just tacky)3) shower leaked and faucet4) No fridge in room5)Went out that night and came back and room card didnt work --went to conceirge desk, well she blamed it on us. Told us to not have it around my cell phone bc it will demagnitize it. Well 5 min. later she apologizes and finds out that actually they never activated one of the 2 cards when we first check-in--this lasted about 15 min.6) Next morning, we couldnt order what we wanted on the menu for room service because lucky us they didnt serve the particular item for room service yet its on the menu. hmmm makes you wonder6) requested longer check-out time (until 1 oclock), check out time is usually 12noon. ONce again mean foreign front desk woman said sure, however,7)at 11:35 we got a call and a hang up (I called down to inquire about the call--and she said that it was a mistake and rushed me off the phone)8)11:49ish knock on the door by maid--- we had the, &quot;DO NOT DISTURB&quot; hang tag on door9)11:52 another knock on door hang tag is still on doorfinally we said forget it and left at 11:54, horrible experience10) the front desk women were these rude russian women and they didnt smile the whole time--just totally negative. and this was my first real experience with new york and this hotel was by far horrible. please go somewhere else	
Jan 7 2004	Fantastic stay	Stayed in the Skyline Hotel for 5 nights over New Years Eve. Arrived to find that we had been upgraded to a junior suite free of charge, which was a nice surprise. The room was beautiful and the beds were so comfy! The guy on concierge was always very helpful with any questions we had. Very much recommend a stay here.	
Jan 7 2004	Not a great location but a decent hotel.	Well I had never been to NYC before, so it was hard to do research. I chose this hotel based on its cheap price (around 100 bucks) and its multiple great reviews. However when I got there I noticed a few problems. For one - the location isn't really all that great. Its about a 15 minute walk to something worth visiting... even the subway... downtown, central park and the upper side are all quite a ways away. You'd be better off stayin' near times square... or in downtown. The neighborhood appeared safe, but it isn't that interesting. The staff was friendly and helpful for the most part, but not terribly knowledgeable of the city. The rooms are huge however, much larger than most in NYC. The room is well furnished and the bed is not uncomfortable (but not amazing either). The bathroom is pretty and it has a tub and shower (i had the king room - i'd recommend it). The room smelled of smoke however (I requested a non-smoking room) and the A/C + Heating unit rattled rather loudly. The view is nothing spectacular actually... so don't be fooled by the advertisements. But it isn't the ugliest thing in the world. I wouldn't stay here again, I'd rather be in a different location... but the experience was not a bad one.	
Jan 4 2004	A great place for an affordable NYC trip	Great location, cheap parking, HUGE room for NYC, and affordable rates. I had little contact with the staff (one of my travel mates checked us in and out) but everyone seemed pleasant enough. We stayed in one of the renovated rooms and it was quite nice. I never checked out the pool but it's kind of a rarity for an affordable hotel in New York; I'm sure kids would dig it... Lots of great restaurants within easy walking distance; we got great breakfasts every morning at the Galaxy Cafe on 9th, just a few blocks away, and for a bit of a splurge, check out Hells Kitchen--great Chicken Mole. I am planning another trip to New York for this year and will be staying at the Skyline again for sure.	
Jan 4 2004	Would stay here again.	During my first trip to America, after spending a couple of nights in Poughkeepsie, I spent a three nights here in NYC (Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday) during the first week of November 2003.The check-in was quick and easy, although I did not have much contact with the staff here. I booked a room using the hotels Internet Website for single occupancy. The room was located near the lift on a lower floor, overlooking a parking lot torwards the hudson river. The room and bathroom was smaller then any other hotel I stayed at during my trip (Smaller than a UK Travel Inn/Travel Lodge room), but that does not matter to me- There is so much to do in New York, I did not stay in the room much and I was paying for a single room after all! As long as there is a TV, Private Bathroom, Bed and the room is clean and hygenic I am happy. The hotel was the cheapest I could find versus a reasonable quality, and in a good location for me. It was within walking distance of Broadway/Times Square and the excellent cheap NY Subway Network and plenty of those useful empty yellow taxis passed by the hotel. Also opposite shops and a dehli which done nice toasted cheese rolls and tubs of ice cream!If I return to New York, I would stay here again, if the price is the same as before, but would also first look at the prices and reviews for other hotels in the area. I also would go here on Vacation during a different time of year. It was cold and rained in New York during most of my stay during early November.	
Dec 26 2003	Christmas 2003 Vacation	Our Christmas 2003 vacation was excellent due to the value and comfort while staying at the Skyline. The room was very nice and clean. The price was excellent for New York and have referred it to my friends who are planning a trip to New York. The staff was most accomodating and helpful. The deli, pizza, and chinese resturants across the street served delicious and fresh meals at very economical prices. I highly recommend them over the resturants for quality and price. The neighborhood was very quiet and safe. Would recommend it for all families. Excellent location. The bus stops on the corner which makes transportation no problem. Definetly by the metro card. The only thing I suggest they add are alarm clocks in the rooms and availability to a microwave.	
Dec 15 2003	Excellent location	Stayed for 4 nights in the Skyline hotel. The check in was short and sweet and the desk staff were very friendly. When we arrived at our room on the 5th floor we were pleasantly surprised at the spaciousness of the room, after having done an extensive search on the internet for NYC Hotels and finding out that most rooms in NYC hotels are tiny. Our friends were allocated a room which you could literally have held a dance in, complete with 3 piece suite , fridge and monster size TV. I had to admit I was feeling a bit envious that we had not been allocated their room :-) The hotel was very clean and rooms very warm, which was greatly appreciated as the weather was freezing from 20th - 24th October. It was only a short walk to Empire state building etc. and plenty of restaurants in the vicinity. I must admit I wondered why it was called the Skyline Hotel when I arrived there as there are only 5 floors on one block and 9 floors on the other block. The night before we left we took the lift to the 9th Floor and it was amazing to see the New York Skyline.....a must to do if you ever book this hotel. I have recommended this hotel to my friends and I would certainly book this again when I return to NYC. Overall it was a great ending to a wonderful 3 week vacation in the USA. As Arnie says &quot; A'll be back&quot;	
Dec 15 2003	Watch out at the weekends...	We stayed for a long weekend in September 2003.As we went along the corridor to our room, we passed several drunk men in their 20's carrying bottles into their room and shouting... this was a good indication of how things were going to be...The room we stayed in was a dump! The bedsheets had cigarette burns in them and were fraying around the edges. We complained that the room smelt damp/ of cigarettes/ was dirty/ but were told that it was all that was available... so that was that!We spent our Friday night listening to the blokes in the corridor shouting and going between rooms.Saturday evening was great until we arrived back at the hotel...BEWARE!!! The 1050 Lounge downstairs can be rented out at weekends for private functions.On this night, there was some sort of wedding reception which involved banging music until 5am!!!(If you have ever seen the scene in Jurassic Park where the glass of water ripples with the vibrations - that was our night)We complained at 1am and were told that we couldn't move rooms (ours was directly above the mayhem)We complained again at 4am, and were told that there was nothing the hotel staff could do. (Seems odd when you consider that they own the building!)One couple actually checked-out at 4am because they couldn't stand the noise anymore - and the hotel staff DIDN'T EVEN APOLOGISE!We were promised that the Manager would speak to us before we checked-out the following Monday, but surprise, surprise... he was always &quot;unavailable!&quot;The Sunday night was almost as bad with a pair of gay men in the next room screaming abuse at each other because one of them had slept with someone else. (Yes, the walls were really THAT thin... I lay in bed listening to this soap opera unfolding!)This has the potential to be a fantastic hotel, but its staff are awful and let guests do whatever they want, the rooms stink and are dirty, it needs refurbishing and then it could be a great place to stay.We chose the Skyline because of it's location... DON'T MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE!!!!!	
Dec 6 2003	Handy to everything	Arrived in New York after a red-eye from LA, expecting the worst with 7 hours to check-in. To my surprise we were offered a choice of 3 rooms immediately. Stayed in the newer block which houses the pool on the tenth floor. The view of MANHATTAN at night from the rooms and pool are worth the money. The subway is one block away, buses pass straight by, and a taxi to Times Square was $5. The rooms were quite spacious and live up to the photographs. McDonalds and Starbucks close handy. No problems moving in Manhattan, and the subway was handy for lower Manhattan journeys. All in all, a great stay!!	
Nov 28 2003	Great Place to Stay	Stayed there over Thanksgiving - - from November 24 - 28, 2003The Skyline Hotel was a GREAT place to stay if you have kids. Rooms were LARGE and bathrooms had bath/toilet and separate vanity area. The pool is a definately a BONUS after walking/shopping all day, although it was a bit too heated (thermo read 90 degrees).We booked online through two internet sites (two different prices with a drastic difference). The only inconvenience we experienced was checking out after two days and rechecking-in ~ (we stayed in the same room).Upon check-in we were given a room on the 2nd floor, which overlooked the rooftop of their reservation desk. We wanted to be up a little higher and have more of a view. We called the front desk and they gave us another room on the 4th floor. Nothing wrong with the room..very clean...although it was a LITTLE bit smaller. The bath/toilet area didn't have a separate vanity area. We were fine with it.The windows were different ~ but once you figured them out they allowed you to open them all the way to get that NY FEELING. The windows were actually a two way open. You open them one way and just the top opened, which felt like the top was falling in on you (it wasn't), latch it a second way and it swung all the way open...Great for those smokers who don't like smokey rooms!The beds were COMFY until the third day. We were leaving to site see and noticed they had the hallways lined with NEW MATTRESSES. Came back that night and sure enough they switched our mattresses with NEW ones! It wasn't too bad, I had just gotten used to the old ones. Also, the sheets were sooo darned SOFT! I actually thought about stealing one ~ have never done that before!Requested four additional pilllows with no problem - Housekeeping was closed for the evening but within 30 minutes we had four feather pillows delivered.Asked for additional sheets and blankets (my son prefered to sleep on the floor rather than with his sister ~ they do have cots available - he didn't want). Requested as we were going out the door for the morning/afternoon....they wouldn't deliver unless someone was in the room ~ told us to call back when we got back in for the evening and they'd bring it up... Never did get additional as my son changed his mind and said he was fine and didn't need extra.Overall, I'd definately stay there again..Never felt unsafe, staff was extremely helpful ~ we even tipped them for their helpful advice on where to go, where to direct a taxi driver, etc. etc. I wish the pool was open a little longer ~ the view is something else from the pool even if you don't want to swim - take a a few minutes to check it out and don't forget the camera!	
Nov 18 2003	Worse Place to stay	When we got there our plane came in early and our shuttle drove a bit faster than we expectd. We were 2 Hours early. We decided to leave our luggage and go around the city till check in time. When we checked in the Lady behind the desk was very rude. We had booked online from their site and for some reason they were giving us the room for $20 more per night plus taxes. We were staying 8 days so we had to make sure that we weren't being con $160 more for our stay. We ask to see a manager, the reply was none was present. When we finnaly agreed to pay the extra charge, they took us to a dump of a room. Blankets had holes, the lamp was eminating a green light and the heater didn't work. We wanted to get some fresh air in the room because it smelled like mildew and when we opened the window the whole thing came off and nearly knocked us out. We tried to call the service desk but no one came out till 8 at night 4 hour wait... the worse part was we waited in the room till someone got there because of all our stuff instead of being in the city. So at night when we wanted to go to sleep we asked for extra blankets and since the window let all the heat escape, and the heater wasn't working. They gave us more holed blankets. It was the worse hotel. So if you don't mind roughing it stay at skyline... I guarantee it'll be an adventure... with lots of memories.	
Nov 18 2003	Family Fun - Oct 21	We stayed for 2 nites and loved it so much we're going back. The location is great - central to theater district, Times Square, Cruise ship terminal, Intrepid museum, I could go on and on. We were there for an Emeril taping (Food Network studio is right around the corner) and saw Beauty and the Beast, the Empire state bldg. and we're going back in January for Rockefeller center. The hotel staff was great and any problems were taken care of quickly. The pool was a bonus that my daughter loved. The junior suites are spacious and gave us room to spread out. The food in the restaurant/bar was good and reasonably priced.	
Oct 26 2003	Fantastic Time October 2003	My family stayed at the Skyline for 8 nights. We had a fantastic time! The hotel is in a great location, a short walk from Times Square and the M50 bus is great for getting home at night because it stops right outside the hotel. The 24-hour deli across the street is very good for breakfast and coffees. Starbucks is close by and has loads of seating. The Skyline is lovely because it is very clean with good sized rooms. The staff are helpful and friendly. We highly recommend the Skyline Hotel and will stay there again on future trips to NY.	
Oct 21 2003	Good Stay	Stayed two nights at the Skyline prior to a cruise to Canada. This hotel sure beats other places we have stayed in NYC. The location is great for those taking a cruise from the 50th St. Cruise ship area. A short walk east takes you to the heart of the theatre district. Even better you can have a fantastic Italian dinner at Basilica which is only a few blocks away. Our room had a beautiful view of the Empire State Building. The room was clean and well kept. The only problem we encounted was trying to take our luggage to our room by ourselves. We were offered bell help but declined. The way to the elevator was difficult and I had to return to the front desk for re directions to the elevator. I would not hesitate to recommend the hotel to our friends and if we return to NYC this is the place we will stay.	
Oct 10 2003	Wouldn't Stay Anywhere Else in NYC	Before I go further into the details of my stay at the Skyline, I feel that it's important to go into detail about my entire trip and who I am.I'm a 24-year-old who has never been on a solo trip before. I didn't even go to sleepover camp (I believe my reasoning was, &quot;everything cool is at home, so why leave?&quot;). I'm also a cheapskate, so the idea of a major trip sent my wallet screaming.After a family member noted that I hadn't gone anywhere in around a decade, I started planning out a trip - Boston, NYC and New Orelans were possibilities, but NYC was the final choice. I would be taking Amtrak from Chicago to NYC (20 hours in Coach, only for the truly hardcore - the train portion of the trip partially inspired by watching too many episodes of the CBS show &quot;Amazing Race&quot;), due to the fact that Amtrak offers rail sale fares on their internet website (in my case, I ended up getting $26.60 each way to NYC and back, which made my cheap side happy.)So, I would leave Chicago at 7pm (ended up being 8, late train) and get to NYC at 1:50pm (ended up more like 3:50pm). That, and I was up the majority of the day before leaving. Once I walked through the hotel doors, I would be going on 36 hours with maybe one or two (tops) hours of sleep.Now, you're probably considering my credibility, given the fact that I have never booked a hotel on my own and had a trip of my own. Personally, I think this makes my review an especially valid one, considering the fact that everything had to go especially right, given the fact that I'd never dealt with any hotel issues (loss of reservation, etc.) That, and the fact that I'd been up for nearly 36 straight hours really made it a necessity that I'd get in my room with a minimum of trouble.I arrived on Sunday evening at 4:30, after walking from Penn Station (which is about 17 blocks/20-25 minutes). Although there were a couple of clerks at the desk (very nice, too and skilled - dealing better than I could ever have with customers on the phone and in front of them at the same time. There were no issues with my reservation and I was in my room within a matter of minutes.This being my first solo trip, I did a massive amount of research into NYC hotels, taking into location, amenities and price (remember, I'm cheap.) The price on hotels for a single room was $109 a night, which is a surprisingly good deal, considering the price of most NYC hotel rooms. While you may find hotels for cheaper in the city, you'll probably end up sharing your bathroom with your neighbors in the hall. While that's popular in Europe apparently, I'd like to go whenever I please.So, I opened up my door on the 5th floor of the main building (the Skyline has two wings, one w/9 floors and one main one w/5) and was rather pleasantly shocked with what I saw. While not massive, the room had quite an above-average amount of space, with plenty of room around the bed, a very nice bathroom and a very nice closet.In the front of the room were four drawers and on top, a very spiffy Sony flatscreen TV that appeared to be around a 20-24 inch. In the closet was an in-room safe and an ironing board and iron. The bathroom had a hair dryer and a nice-sized bathtub/shower (I'm 6ft2, so if I say it's nice-sized, it's pretty nice-sized). 3 fairly large lamps were placed in the room, one that turned on when a switch by the door was flicked. Last, but not least, a comfy chair sat by the door. Everything appeared clean and welcoming; while not sleek and modern, I prefered the warm and comfy approach of the room's appearance.As for other aspects of the hotel:1. The lobby has a well-stocked rack of pamphlets about many NYC attractions. Maps were also available here.2. There is a pool on the Penthouse level of the 9-story wing. While I didn't take a swim (nobody wants to see me in a bathing suit, trust me), the pool is quite beautiful and heated. For those who don't want to swim, stop by here anyway for an almost impossibly beautiful view of the city (there are chairs to take a seat and watch the view), especially during sunset. The pool is only open on some off-hours (evenings generally, it seemed), but it's certainly a bonus, as I really saw few other hotels in NYC with indoor pools when I did my research and I really doubt if any of the other ones have a view like this.3. There is a parking lot where you can store your car (in/out ability costs more) for a small fee.4. The hotel has a very pleasant restaurant/bar on the ground floor, as well as a gift shop.5. There is a concierge in the lobby.6. The hotel TV offers about 30 channels of basic cable/local TV, as well as pay-per-view movies (some surprisingly recent releases - &quot;Pirates of the Caribbean&quot;, &quot;American Wedding&quot;, &quot;Bruce Almighty&quot; and &quot;The Hulk&quot; were some of the choices as of 10/4/03 - none of which were available yet on video/DVD yet as of that time). The pay-per-view price ranged from $9.99-11.99, which does seem a little steep until you think about the fact that going to the movies in Manhattan costs about $10 and personally, I'd rather watch something in the comfort of the room.The neighborhood is an interesting situation, because you're not in Midtown, yet you're practically in Midtown. The hotel, on 10th (between 49th and 50th) is in a small neighborhood of shops, grocery stores and apartments. Across the street on 10th are a couple of grocery stores and Fat Sal's Pizza, which I became addicted to during my stay (for $12, you get a ridiculously huge pizza that also happens to be quite good.)While this is not an area of skyscrapers and hustle/bustle, Times Square is literally about 5 blocks away. During two of the mornings I was there, I walked over to Times Square at about 6:30 in the morning when the sun was just coming up, which provided both the remarkable experience of seeing the lights in the darkness and also, seeing them with few other people/crowds around. The Intrepid air/space museum (which was certainly one of the main highlights of my trip - it's a real Naval aircraft carrier turned into a museum, accompanied by a destroyer and submarine, all sitting on the Hudson River. It's a must if you go to NYC; while kids will be fascinated by the ability to stand next to fighter jets on the deck of an aircraft carrier, adults will be able to get spectacular views of the city and the river - from the deck of a 40,000 ton aircraft carrier, no less.) was located only a couple of minutes away, on 12th ave. While the neighborhood isn't Central Park West spiffy, I certainly felt safe and enjoyed the atmosphere. For use of a better description, it feels like a real neighborhood. For those of you familiar with Chicago, I'd compare it to some areas of Lincoln Park.The staff of the Skyline were certainly very welcoming and attentive throughout my stay. During my trip, I developed a mild cold (nothing I couldn't fight through to enjoy the trip, but still, it was draining) and didn't really feel like seeking out a place to cash a traveler's check. They were more than willing to do so. When I returned mid-afternoon each afternoon, my room was cleaned to the point where it looked like it did when I got there on the first night. With my cold, it was nice to have a place to come back to at the end of the day where I could really recharge so I'd be able to enjoy the next day and also, so I could feel good enough to deal with the 20+ hour trip home on the train.While the Skyline made my trip a really wonderful one, I do have a couple of veeerrryy minor suggestions/notes.* Perk up the lighting in the halls. While certainly not dim or dark, I felt like maybe having the halls a little brighter would bring a bit more energy. Nothing major. * I had a room nearby the elevator on the top floor of one wing. While there was a little bit of noise outside the door of the elevator coming up, going back down, it certainly wasn't an issue. However, I could see where maybe this same room-next-to-the-elevator on some of the lower floors could hear it pass by more often. As for the elevators, the two elevators were clearly enough to handle the traffic - I never waited long for an elevator. * A couple additional vending machines on floors other than the second floor, which is also where the ice machine is located. Another note for potential visitors is to check the hotel's website (**********). Rates seem to differ ($109-119 seemed to be the norm for a single room, but I've occasionally spotted $99 a night rates. The $109 that I paid for my room was a very satisfactory value (I think I'd be happy with $135 a night for the room I was in), but $99 a night for a room would be a truly fantastic deal.Overall, I couldn't have been happier with my experience at the Skyline. It had to go without a flaw due to the amount of traveling I had to do to get there and my inexperience with travel and it did. Just a great time.	
Sep 28 2003	Best Bargain in NYC	We had to travel to NYC for a funeral and needed to find accomodations for a group of 8 persons. On such short notice, we were looking at rooms in the $200-$300 dollar range, until we found the Skyline. We booked 2 rooms, each having 2 queen beds. This was perfect for our group and would be great for families. The price for the room? $119.00 per night for four persons. Try and beat that anywhere in NY!The rooms were good sized and the bathroom was the size of most upper class hotels. They were clean and the beds were very comfortable. It did just what I needed it to do, which was provide a nice place to sleep and shower. I mean, why pay for a marble sink and an over sized room when you won't be in in for most of the day? In addition, this place is within 4 blocks of Times Sq. and near to bus and subway access. Fat Sal's across the street has great pizza and the deli's on either corner of the block are great. (They deliver for free w/ a minimum order) Another plus for travelers on a budget.While I was confirming my reservations over the phone, I encountered 2 people who were disinterested in helping me. Apparently those persons either got fired or went on vacation because I was given noting but courteous service and the option of a free upgrade when I checked in and throughout my stay. Overall, we were all very happy with the Skyline Hotel and we will all stay there the next time we visit New York.There were a few negatives, but none affected our trip or our decision to stay there again. One was the stale smoke odor in the hallways. It did not seep into our room, but was strong while we were walking in the hotel. The second was the low water pressure and the water temp, which was not hot enough for my taste. Again, small things we noticed but with all the other positives, not enough to make us want to stay somewhere else.I recommend this place for anyone who is trying to keep the high prices of NY onder control. I have also stayed at the Hilton at Rockefeller Plaza on a work trip and I dont see much of a difference. Between the two, I would stay at the Skyline again because of the lower cost and high value.	
Sep 18 2003	Too many problems for a one night stay...	I'm here at the Skyline for one night only, for an expo at Javits on a week night. I stay in NYC all the time and this hotel needs help.Concierge is rude, check-in clerk barely spoke engligh (kind of a problem for a hotel check-in clerk!), floor in room smells horrible - like dirty feet, girls stuck in elevator, shower barely gets hot enough, A/C is very cranky.I dont recommend this place. There are much better hotels for a better value. Really, don't bother.The location, however, is great.	
Sep 4 2003	Enjoyed our stay		
Aug 16 2003	Great hotel		
Jul 20 2003	Family Friendly		
Jul 8 2003	Kid-friendly		
Jul 8 2003	Nice Hotel for the price		
Jun 16 2003	Good Value		
Mar 18 2003	Great rate cheap parking		
Mar 14 2003	Great Location		
Dec 10 2002	Great Bargain		
Oct 7 2002	Godd hotel in a great location		
Nov 24 2009 	Deconseille		
Nov 20 2009 	New York		
Nov 16 2009 	Excellente adresse...		
Nov 6 2009 	Brutto fuori bello dentro		
Oct 25 2009 	Super Hotel in hervorragender Lage		
Oct 8 2009 	ultimo giorno a new york		
Sep 24 2009 	Great Value		
Aug 28 2009	Super!		
Aug 28 2009 	un precio justo para la localidad		
Jul 24 2009 	buona base per visitare la città		
Jul 18 2009 	Strategico per visita della città e shopping.		
Jul 11 2009 	Genial		
May 3 2009 	bon hôtel		
Apr 27 2009 	Posizione strategica		
Feb 3 2009	Skyline Hotel:offre i servizi di un tre stelle carino e pulito niente di più		
Nov 25 2008 	Je m'attendais a mieux		
Nov 2 2008 	Bon hôtel		
Oct 6 2008 	bon hôtel mais attention		
Sep 5 2008 	excellent hôtel		
Mar 25 2008 	Pessimo Hotel!		
Feb 15 2008 	Le meilleur deal de Manhattan!		
Nov 22 2007 	tutto sommato positivo!		
Aug 6 2007 	pas mal		
