	Excellent location and great staff	This was our first trip to New York so I was unsure where to stay. Location is really important to us and since we had tickets to a concert at Madison Square Gardens (across the road), we decided on the Affinia Manhattan. With Macy's only a couple of blocks away and great local eating, we were thrilled with our choice. The room was large and the added bonus of a kitchenette made this a great place to stay. I can't thank the concierge staff enough for their help with tickets, sightseeing etc. Their local knowledge and friendly service helped make our trip. Yes, the bathrooms were small but perfectly adequate, and yes it was noisy but we were in the middle of Manhattan - I thought it added to the experience!	
	Fabulous stay at the Affinia	Stayed 5 nights at the Affinia Manhatten in a studio suite and everything was great.Two very comfortable double beds which was enough for three adults. Housekeeping was excellent and we had no problems with anything we needed, a quick phone call to reception and it was sorted. We had a room on the 25th floor so the noise was not too bad, only the fire engines on our street, but they were not too often. If you need a good diner in the area the best one we went to was at the back entrance of Madison squre gardens called the Stage door deli, we had our thanksgiven dinner there and it was delicious. Thanks again to Amy for all the help with our booking, will definitely recommend the Affinia to our family and friends, cant wait to go back.	
	Excellent city - great base for hotel	We stayed at the Affinia from the 23rd to the 28th November.I had done a great deal of research on hotels to find one that i thought would be a good bet.Once we got our room sorted (we did change 3 times as first one had no tub and the second was overlooking an internal courtyard and 3 foot away from somebody elses window!) - we finally got a room on the 8th floor overlooking maddison square gardens. It was a great room. Could see all the way down to times square and had the buzz of city life.The Concierge at the hotel were fantastic - Maureen and Ashley were great when asked for advice and help regarding transportation etc and where to buy UGG boots (thanks Ashley!) and another lady (sorry can't remember her name) who recommended an AMAZING Thai restaurant in Chelsea - about a 10 minute walk from the hotel. The food at Spice was so good we went twice! - had amazing cocktails, wait staff were amazing and you never once felt rushed. If you have a chance to go, go!The bar next door Niles is great - reasonably priced, great cocktails and great service - including great banter from the bar staff!!!We loved new york and can't wait to come back for our honeymoon although i think we would stay somewhere else inthe city - not because we didn't love the Affinia but because we would like to see something different.	
	We loved Affinia Manhattan!	We loved this hotel. The room was great! We had a room with a patio on the 26th floor. My husband is a smoker so this worked out well because the kids and I hate the smoke! The room was very spacious. Bathroom very small but very clean. Bedroom was great. LIving room and kitchen were very spacious. Only problem was the noise. I am still hearing sirens and taxi horns! I would recommend this hotel to families because of the kitchen and seperate bedroom. We really enjoyed our first trip to New York City!	
	City Noise	My teenage daughter and I stayed one night 11/2009. We were on the 17th floor facing Madison Square Garden and the train station.The one negative about this hotel is the street noise. You can hear it loud and clear. Ask for a room in the back away from the street and on a high floor. The room was clean and yes the bathroom was small but I was not planning on speding a lot of time in there. TV was an old model, but it worked and we were not in the city to look at TV. Staff was friendly and helpful. They do have a locked room for your suitacases , if your room is not ready. Room was clean and somewaht outdated in decor. For less than $200 a night for 2 queen beds and a kitchenette it was well worth the money.	
	Hotel needs a major makeover	Hotel was booked by my company's travel agent, upon checking in I realized that I had made a mistake, the elevators are old. When I arrived to my floor the hall carpet was dirty, the wallpaper was peeling from the walls. Continued to my room and upon entering I was surprised, the rooms are bigger than standard rooms in NYC, but the furniture is old. When I opened the bathroom that was the killer, the shower is 3 feet by 2feet wide and the whole bathroom is maybe 4 feet wide, Will not stay at that hotel again.	
	Be Warned!!!	I booked a 4-star room through Priceline (my first mistake). A few days before checking in, I called the 1-800 reservation number to confirm the reservation and (based on the reviews on TA) to request a high-floor and quiet room (knowing the better rooms are on the higher floor). This was confirmed by the telephone agent.When I checked in, I was given a room on the 10th floor. I pointed out this didn't match my request, and was informed that my request had been noted, but a higher floor would be an extra $100, but as a special gesture, I'd be given it for $50. I refused to pay extra, and decided to check the room that was offered. The room was awful, to say the least. Granted, the room was very large (especially for a Manhattan hotel), but it obviously dated from the mid-80s at best. The carpet seemed dirty, the furniture old and beaten, overall what one would expect from a two-star motel - not the 4-star hotel I paid for.I politely, but firmly insisted to the front desk manager that I wanted to be moved to a room more in keeping with my reservation requests. I was moved to another, admittedly larger, room, but still of the same calibre. Again, I refused what was being offered, and demanded a room that at least somewhat resembled the rooms displayed on the hotel's website (I did use the terms &quot;false advertizing&quot;, which I feel is the case). I was eventually moved to a room that was more in keeping with what I had paid for, requested, and seen on the hotel's website.Be warned: the Afinia Manhattan is under renovation. The renovated rooms are a good deal: they are very large, offer a small kitchenette, have more up-to-date furnishings and the hotel is in an exceedingly convenient location. The unrenovated rooms are old and tired. The term &quot;standard room&quot; is the Afinia's euphemism for &quot;dirty, old, decrepit room&quot;. Don't accept a &quot;standard&quot; room, and don't accept to pay a supplement for a renovated room. Demand to be given a room that matches the hotel’s advertisement, which is what you paid for.Businesses have an obligation to be truthful in their advertising. Of course, hotels will always use photographs that show their amenities to their best, but to only display photos of the updated portions of the hotel and then expect guests to accept less than that is unacceptably misleading.BTW, this is the first and last time I book through Priceline - but that is another topic.	
Nov 25 2009 	great location staff and room	I was slightly nervous about staying at the Affinia Manhattan because I'd read some poor reviews on Tripadvisor. However my partner and I thought it was excellent and would recommend it to anyone, especially if it was their first visit to New York. The hotel is in a fab location - just over the road from Penn station - so if you're flying in to Newark you can just hop on a train at the airport straight to Penn. The reception staff were extremely helpful and gave us a choice of rooms, explaining that some would be noisy. Our room was at the back and on the 6th floor, it was large with a fully functioning kitchen and bathroom with tub and shower - we slept with the windows open so could hear some traffic noise but it didn't disturb us. We had a fab trip and looking forward to returning again next year.	
Nov 21 2009 	Do NOT Stay Here!	The Room:The hotel room had a spacious living room area (with an office desk), decent-sized bedroom, small kitchen, and two terribly small washrooms. The blinds were broken, furniture extremely old, and the washrooms &quot;appeared&quot; rusty. My hotel room directly faced another building, so all I could see was others' windows. The hallways seemed very outdated, and the overall vibe from the hotel was terrible. I touched the phone next to my bed, smelled my hands -- and they were stinking! Smelt the phone to confirm that the stink wasn't from something else. Disgusting! I gave reasonably high marks on the 'service' category since the janitor was very helpful at guiding me to their underground washing/drier machines. Although on second thought, I only had to make my way there because room service would not pick up my laundry at the hour. Expect extra charges for Internet as well. I checked into my room at 1am, by 11am the next day (after canceling my remaining nights' stay) I had one of their employees knocking at my door asking if I was leaving. This was while they were testing the fire alarm in the background, starting at 9am. I've stayed at many hotels, and this is one that does NOT deserve it's rankings. It felt nothing like a hotel; more so like a rundown apartment you would rent. After checking out of this hotel and demanding a refund, I moved to another one of their locations -- Affinia Dumont, which was MUCH better than this location. If you've already booked, I highly suggest you get a refund unless you don't mind staying in a ridiculously overpriced, outdated, poorly maintained hotel. If you're considering staying at this hotel -- RUN, don't do it!!	
Nov 21 2009 	Great spot - kitchen is a bonus!	Excellent location. 2 blocks to Macy's, 4 blocks to Times Square and across from Penn Station. We had a studio room on the 3rd floor. Room was huge! Full kichen, decent sized full bathroom and king sized bed. The only downfall was the noise. Being so close to street level, the night time noise was awful. Ask for a high-level room!The kitchen was handy for breakfast. There is a deli just downstairs to pick up some bits. Good hotel and great value for the money.	
Nov 19 2009 	Location hard to beat	Was recommended this hotel by friends and although at time of booking were able to find cheaper accomodation, have no regrets whatsoever. Hotel in ideal location across from madison Square garden, a ten min walk from time square and Empire state. Bus from across the road brings you to Battery city park for ferries to statue of liberty and Ellis Island. Room spacious, kitchenette with full size fridge, huge bed, pillow menu, although ensuite a bit on small side. All spotlessly clean. Reception staff, doormen, conceirge all excellent. Nothing too much bother. Gave helpful info on restaurants and visiting tourist sites. We'll be back.	
Nov 17 2009 	DON'T use their parking facilities	I let the valet take my car and park it in their garage. The next day when I was ready to leave, they pulled my car up to the front of the hotel.I noticed the car had been rinsed off, but I could still notice foot long scratches on the drivers side fender.I tried to wipe it off and got a closer view.It look like the driver scraped the side on a beam in the garage or something.The valet people came over and wiped it off with a buffing cloth and told me that it was like that.I argued with them that it wasn't,and my husband assured them it wasn't there.They told me to fill out a report at the front desk,so I did.I will never stay here again just because they didn't admit to damaging my car.The fact that they hosed it down was a dead giveaway that something was wrong.	
Nov 16 2009 	Excellent Location in NYC	My Husband and I have just return from our 4 night stay at the Affinia Manhatten hotel on what was our 3rd visit to NYC. The location of the hotel is fantastic, and many of the citys top attractions such as the Empire State building, Times Square, Fifth Avenue etc are within very easy reach, in fact if you are planning to Visit Maddison Square Garden, this hotel is right across the street. I hadn't read any reviews of the hotel prior to booking as I booked through a travel agent, and we had previously stayed at the Affinia Shelbourne on our last visit a year ago. We were not disapointed at all! I'm surprised at some of the critical reviews about this hotel, yes the bathrooms are a bit cosy, but having stayed at the Shelbourne hotel, the bathrooms are tiny there to, as they are in may big city hotels. Yes the decor in the rooms and the hallways is looking a little dated, but the beds are comfy and have lovely quality bedding, and the showers are hot and powerful, and way better than my shower at home! The best bit was having the kitchen area, including a fridge, so we always had chilled water or whatever we needed. For the amount of time you spend in your room in this city, it was more than acceptable to us, and we are regular travellers. I will say that I agree with the comments about the noise however, we had a room on the third floor, and the traffic and the fire crews heading out could be rather loud, they didn't disturb me, but I am not a light sleeper.Overall, I would recommend this hotel if you are looking for a great location, friendly and helpful staff, and good value for your money. We would certainly stay here again.	
Nov 16 2009 	Great for people with pets!	The Affinia is classy and clean and the staff provided us with great service. My boyfriend and I stayed at the Affinia Manhattan for two nights in March with our Golden Retriever.We weren't interested in spending a ton of money or staying at an unnecessarily fancy place. It was just $119 a night for a studio suite. The one we got was huge, but it was also plain and basic. We had a super comfortable king-sized bed, small kitchen, and high-speed connection.There was plenty of room for our dog, Barney to walk around. We wanted to make sure we picked a place where Barney could have a good time. The location is great, right next to Madison Square Garden. It's also a 5-minute walk to a dog park.Restaurants and bars nearby (after all, it is New York)! We had some drinks at the bar in the hotel. They have some good fruity specialty drinks for about $10. It's a nice place to get drinks before or after a night out.	
Nov 15 2009 	Beware if booking through a discounter....	We booked this trip through a discounter - name begins with Price and ends with line at a decent rate. I called right after booking and spoke with someone to make sure that we would have 2 beds in our room as we were traveling with our child. He said no problem. Funny thing when we checked in the very &quot;nice&quot; attendant said that in order to have two beds we would need to upgrade the room and that she would &quot;give us&quot; a discount from $100 to $50. I mentioned that I had called and that &quot;Steve&quot; hadn't mentioned an upgrade charge. She said that he wouldn't know about that...find that hard to believe. The room was spacious and that's about the only positive thing that I could say about the hotel. When we arrived to our room - the service man was still in it with his equipment (one container appeared to be fumigation spray). He quickly left. For NYC, the rooms are spacious. We were on the 21st floor. Unfortunately, given the old windows, not high enough to be away from city noise.We had two full size beds and a kitchenette. The beds are hard and uncomfortable though the sheets were nice. Our floor underneath the bed sported a left behind sock and some really nasty looking debris. The bathroom was small but clean with just a little mildew in the tub grout. Carpets are worn as are the walls and furniture. TVs are old school There is a clock radio and a hair dryer. Iron and ironing board are also provided. The draperies were dingy around the edges. Be warned they do not supply coffee in the room but there is a coffee maker, toaster, microwave, stove, and full size fridge along with a sink. They also provide some basics such as plates, glasses, and some pots and pans. No dish soap but there was a dish towel.Bell staff was helpful when you could find them and the lobby is pretty much the only nicely appointed area from what I saw of the building. I'll not be going back to this hotel.	
Nov 11 2009 	Hotel is a gut job needs new decor and furniture	Excellent location, great staff. Room was huge. Furniture beaten up, needs new wallpaper and carpeting (in fact remove the carpets and put in modern flooring) Was that actually linoleum in the kitchen? Furniture scuffed, dented, scratched. Door mouldings beaten up. Wallpaper so old they can't get it clean. Carpets ancient. Curtains something like I would expect at Granny's. TV so old its fuzzy and remote didn't work. Toilet looks like it belongs in a school lavoratory. No ice cube bucket, no ice machines I could see. Just an old hotel that needs to be modernized. Not worth the money. Maybe good for NY, I don't know but if that is the case I will stick to Vegas and get something for my money. Go for a smaller room and something more modern if you can find one. Terrible for the money.	
Nov 11 2009 	Absolutely NOT a 31/2 star hotel	This lobby was not bad but the minute we hit our hallway I knew we were in big trouble. Think of something out of The Shining. The bathroom was so incredibly small, furniture old and chipped, carpet was so old and had lumps and bumps all in it, and the overall musty smell was the topper. Oh and our window was stuck open, couldn't close it. Do not waste your time or money no matter what good deal you are getting, I've stayed in nicer EconoLodge. We ran to The Waldorf, which is not that great anymore but was way better than here	
Nov 8 2009 	Small rooms lacks attention to detail	This is not like other Affinia Hotels we have stayed at. The room was small, the bathroom minuscule, the design dated, no coffee in the room for the coffee maker, window latch broken, so the window could not be shut tight, very noisy outside. The main lobby area very cold and unwelcoming. Convenient to Penn station. Would not stay here again. Breakfast next door was very,very good. Very comfortable beds and pillows.	
Nov 5 2009 	Superb location and value	Stayed four nights in October in excellent 2-Queen bed studio on the corner looking towards Penn Station and down to Times Square. Booked via travelrepublic six weeks ahead and got a great deal.Room was clean and bright, Huge fridge in well resourced kitchen. There is a shop for groceries two doors down. Restaurants aplenty nearby. We breakfasted mostly at Andrews Coffee Shop three blocks away: great diner with all the classic favourites with a mixed crowd.Over the road is Harrington's bar and restaurant. Went for lunch to watch a football (proper football=soccer) match from London (Fulham v Roma). Got a metro pass with $20 loaded on and it lasted four days. Walked to Grand Central, Empire State (book ahead), Times Square (Lion King was amazing) and Macy's (two blocks away).A BIG shout to the women at the concierge desk in the lobby: incredibly helpful and knowledgable. You can print off your boarding pass there too.I would definitely go there again, especially if you can get the deal.	
Nov 3 2009 	I would go back tomorrow	Hotel was an excellent find. I stayed with my wife and another couple (two rooms) and the Affinia Manhattan was in an excellent location as Penn Station is so central and the hotel is just a short walk to Macy's, Times Square etc. As other reviews state for this hotel, the rooms sizes are excellent - we had a queen sized bed with lots of floor space and an good kitchen, bathroom too obviously. The lobby is very decadent and the staff were great. Only gripe would be the hotel bar, we used it once but the air con was too cold and the girls didn't want to go back. But, really, when we take our kids to NYC - we'll stay at this hotel.	
Nov 3 2009	Great location ideal for short stay in NY.	Its location, half a block down from Penn Station is ideal and a short walk to Macys and the Empire State. If its your first visit to NY, you could not do much better. The LIRR along with the Airttrain from JFK to Jamaica arrive across the road, even with a heavy load, it is very acccessible. It was my first time staying in the Affinia. Had no complaints at all, was on the ninth floor, can be noisy for light sleepers, when the fire station horns start blaring, you become immune to them after the first night!!!! nearly. The room was a fine size, plenty of towels and the bathroom gels were always restocked which was nice. Checkin and checkin out were stress free and all the staff were nothing but polite, even Tom the doorman, took our bags to the traffic lights outside and could not have been nicer. Across the road is Penn Station and by subway it makes all of NY easy to get to. Would I stay here again, Yes, ideal for a short stay in the Big Apple.	
Nov 1 2009 	We came back for more!	Just back from a week in the Affinia Manhattan, for the second time. As last time, the thing that stood out was the wonderful service and the one-bedroom suite. We arrived from London worn out, and were immediately made very welcome by Nino Diaz at the front desk, who also sorted out a change of room, as I wanted to be on a higher floor. Nino and the information desk staff looked after us so well throughout our stay. Our room was kept immaculate and extra pillows and minor repairs sorted out very quickly.I love the fact that the bones of this hotel are old, and the room (1 queen bedroom, living room with sofa bed, two bathrooms, kitchen) was just like living in a flat, Very, very comfortable bed, and my son didn't complain about the sofa bed.The decor is fine, but this is not a cutting edge hotel. The bathrooms are small, but clean and freshly decorated. The kitchen is fully equipped including a filter coffee machine!The location is fantastic, with several subway lines either just across the road, or a couple of blocks away, and the easy trip to JFK from Penn Station is great. Noise can be a problem with the fire station so close by, but as my son said 'it's what New York sounds like'. Personally, i love the fact that you can open the windows!a minor gripe is no free wireless internet, but you can use a computer for free at the information desk to check in your flight and print a boarding pass.This hotel is great as long as you take it for what it is - not flashy, but very comfortable and convenient.	
Oct 31 2009 	WOULD NEVER STAY AT THIS HOTEL AGAIN	Stayed at this Hotel for the fifth time in four years. We have always stayed because of it's great location, we always asked for a high room because of the noise from the Fire Engines which are housed next door at the Fire Station. The Hotel Foyer now is lovely, but rooms are below standard, very tired and in urgent need of an upgrade. After a couple of days in our room on the 27th Floor. I woke to find I had been bitten on the leg and hand. I enquired at the reception about mosquitoes. I was told there were some in New York. My hand and leg swelled quite badly and I visited a chemist who was surprised at the bites and told us to change our room as N.Y. has a bad case of bed bugs. I had some penicillin tablets with me and I was advised to start taking them. When we returned we had a note from the Housekeeper explaining the bedding had been changed and nothing found she left us a bottle of water and two chocolates. As my bites where still bad I went to reception and showed the assistant. I had a call from the Housekeeper asking if I wanted an ambulance (I did not, but to see her face to face would have been good). The next morning my husband had suffered bites to his face and back. We again visited reception and where told we would have a change of room. We went back to the room and when a member of staff approached us we showed him our bites. He rang the Housekeeper who, at last, came to the room, and we showed her the bites. She said they would have the exterminators into the room. The Housekeeper also offered to have our nightwear dry cleaned at the Hotel's expense.When we got to our new room, there were no cords on the blinds my husband had to stand on a chair to wind them up. There were no handles on the bathroom cupboards, there was a bad smell from this cupboard which was under the sink. The kitchen units where rusted. We did call at reception and they put new handles on the cupboards. We did not suffer any further bites after changing rooms.When we left the hotel after our 8 day stay our bill showed up the charge for the dry cleaning. We complained and it was removed, however, we received no apology and no reduction in the bill for the problems we had experience.I did email the Hotel Manager when we returned home. He replied and offered me a reduction on a room if we returned. We will not be returning. This is not a cheap Hotel and we feel it is no longer good value for money.	
Oct 29 2009 	Not a boutique hotel experience	The location of this hotel is amazing! We walked everywhere. Taking the Airtrain and LIRR from JFK for only $10.75 per person instead of a $50.00 cab ride and being able to get off at Penn Station and walk across the street to the hotel was priceless!Our room looked nothing like what is advertised on the hotel website. If any of the rooms and hallways have been renovated they certainly weren't on the 10th floor where we stayed. The room was outdated, carpet was stained, drapes and shades were dirty... the bed was the only redeeming quality. The bathroom was so small you could barely turn around. The kitchen had no plates or silverware.The staff is adequate... don't expect anything special from them.If you're looking for a great, convenient location and a clean bed to sleep in... this is the place. If you're looking for a typical boutique hotel that will create a memorable experience of your stay in N.Y.C with outstanding rooms, services and amenities.... this is definitely not the place!	
Oct 25 2009 	fantatstic	stayed in a 1 bedroom suite- 2nd highest floor- view of empire state from bedroom- great location, just a few blocks from times square- walked everywhere- would definately stay again	
Oct 24 2009 	Great Location great beds.	We booked this hotel after reading about it on Tripadvisor and never having been to New York before we did not know what to expect. It turned out to be a gem, great location, right in the middle of all the action. As said before, after a long trip, the bed was heaven 6 foot wide and really comfortable. The room was very big and we even had the kitchen area which came with a cooker, fridge, microwave and utensiles. We were at the back and think it was a better room than being near the front as the noise is 24hour. Food is no problem in NY and Macy,s is a couple of blocks away. also Penn station across the road will take you direct to Newark airport for approx $15, saving a fortune on taxis.We recommend this hotel to anyone on a first trip, a great experience.	
Oct 23 2009 	Beautiful lobby dumpy room	I stayed here on a business trip recently. After looking at the website, I was excited, since I hoped to feel a bit pampered during my stay. My room, however, was depressing and looked nothing like the photos on their website. Truth be told, I felt like the victim of a bait-and-switch. Reading other posts, I now see that they may actually have some nice rooms, but I sure didn't get one even though I paid $300/night. Mine was a studio type, but the kitchenette was no use since there were no dishes--not even a coffee maker. The room was dark, and there was evidence of an old, aged NY building everywhere.Usually I love traveling, but this hotel just made me want to get home as quickly as possible. I didn't even like getting room service because it was offputting to eat in such a dirty old room. The whole experience made me feel like I had really come down in the world.The time before I stayed at a 4 points and I think I'll go back there next time. The room may be smaller, but at least it's clean and updated.	
Oct 22 2009 	Below Par	If you like to sleep, go stay somewhere else. This hotel is very near a fire station and there must be at least three fires per night in NY and all in the middle of the night. The windows in the hotel are poor and you can hear people talking loudly on the streets at 3 am, not to mention the jackhammers they had going till at least 2 am to say nothing of the honking cars. I've stayed in much better hotels in Times Square and never had noise problems. The first night in this hotel I had no heat and they had to bring in a space heater. The cable TV didn't work either.	
Oct 20 2009 	Mixed feelings about the rooms	I booked this hotel for relatives visiting from Europe and I had really mixed feelings about the hotel rooms. One was a room with two beds: beautiful decorations at the walls, new furniture and a lot of space. The other was a room similar to a studio (kitchenette with flatware, bedroom, living room with a sofa bed) but not particularly nice: the sofa bed and the carpets looked old and outdated, the bedroom was pretty dark and cold. The hotel Midtown location is extremely convenient for transportation (LIRR, subway), shopping (Macy's) and to visit Manhattan. The rooms are clean and the service outstanding.	
Oct 19 2009 	Not as good as the Affinia Dumont	This certainly isn't a bad hotel, but it just suffers in comparison to other Affinia properties.The Affinia was offering specials when we booked, and the Manhattan was $30 less than the Dumont, where we've stayed before (and loved it). Since the Mahhattan was kitty-corner from Penn Station, and we were flying into Newark (it's easy to get to Penn Station from Newark) we thought we'd try the Manhattan. The Dumont is SO much better that we will pay the extra next time. We actually had what the staff told us was one of the best rooms--a remodeled studio. It was very comfortable and it was very quiet, surprisingly--it was in the back of the hotel but there was a fire station below, and I expected noise. But luckily, no. Our room had a nice view of the Empire State Building. The staff made such a big deal about how nice our room was that I'd hate to stay in one of the regular guest rooms--my assumption is that they aren't very nice at all. Hotel pros: Location: Near Penn Station, Madison Square Garden, Empire State Building...actually, we easily walked all over, down to Chelsea for the High Line, even to Greenwich Village, Union Square, and the Flatiron District. I like that it's in the southern part of midtown to be closer to interesting neighborhoods like those (Midtown to me is boring). The staff was very nice as was our room. Flat screen tv, good bed and pillows, quiet room with sitting area.Hotel cons: The hotel is a bit worn all over. They charge for internet access which seems a relic of the past--even cheap chain motels give you free wifi or offer a computer for free. Room cons: There were 2 closets but only 3 hangers--we had to call down for more hangers.We had a coffeemaker but upon arising realized there was no coffee--we had to call down for that, too (they told us that was their policy. It would have been nice to know that the night before! There was an office nook but the bathroom was TINY--I wonder why they didn't try to give more space to the bathroom nrather than put in an office. My husband couldn't even shower without the curtain sticking to him, the shower was so small. The bathroom only had one towel hook, even though there were room for more.The Bagel Maven on the corner across the street (and south) is a GREAT place for breakfast or lunch--they do hot breakfasts like eggs, with either table service (downstairs) or you can order at the counter and take it upstairs. Great bagels and bagel sandwiches too.	
Oct 19 2009 	Great location but very tired looking hotel	This hotel is in a great location and very central to everything. The rooms are much larger than most I've seen in downtown New York but they are very tired looking. Rooms were clean and staff friendly and helpful with reservations etc.The walls are pretty thin, and I could hear the whole conversation of the woman next to us. Also the fire and police sirens were going off all night, so bring ear plugs if you are a light sleeper. We had two issues that caused us grief, one was the key not working on the second and third day, when we would get back from shopping and need to hurry for dinner/theatre. On one occasion I called guest services for ice to be delivered to my room and after 1 1/2 hours, plus a second phone call, I went down to the front desk and got it myself. The internet fee is $14.95/day. For convenient location, this is a good spot but my husband and I will probably not go back until they renovate it.	
Oct 18 2009 	A home away from home!	First time to NYC from Australia and this was recommended to me. Fantastic hotel and great location! Right in the heart of it all- short stroll to Times Sqaure, Macys, Penn Station.. Right across the road to Starbucks and Borders. Will be staying there again the next time I'm in NYC! Staff were tremendous and very helpful, considering I was on my own and first timer. Gave me great tips on where to go around the city. My first time NYC experience came with staying at this great hotel. Very clean and the bed was very comfy! Sort of an Art Deco feel and I absolutely love this theme. Home away from home!!	
Oct 13 2009 	Excellent hotel for budget minds with great service	Hotel Affinia Manhatten was in a great location, right across the street from the Penn Station. The room was fairly large with 2 double beds, pull out sofa bed, and a full kitchen with stove and fridge. The restroom was pretty small, but the large room, kitchen and closet space over come that minor defect. Friendly fast service for a great budget rate. I would definably be returning.	
Oct 13 2009 	Excellent location and value for money	Fabulous central location, helpful, polite, friendly and knowledgeable staff. The room was spacious, clean and comfortable (2 double beds). The handy kitchenette and 24 hour store next door were a real bonus! We are returning next year and will stay here again. Amazing value for money 10/10.	
Oct 10 2009 	Wonderful anniversary Trip!	this was our first visit to New York, we were very nervous as to what to expect - we need not have worried. we stayed for 5 days. We had a studio room. The bathroom was small, but perfectly adequate. The addition of the kitchenette was helpful although not essential as everything you could possible need ,food and drink wise, was within easy walking distance. The bed was incredible comfortabe and we had a great view from the 19th floor. The location of the hotel is certainly one of its best selling points. Times Square is only 15 mins away - not too close for the noise! 5th and 6th avenue minutes away, Maceys on your doorstep. If i had to make any critism of this hotel - the corridors to the rooms are looking a bit worn and dowdy - they could do with a bit of brightening up.I must add a great thanks to Maureen on the conciege desk, she recommended the Blue Fin restaurant to us for our 25th wedding anniversary dinner - she also booked it for us. She made sure we had a great table and that the staff new of our special occasion - it turned out to be a wonderful night. Would we stay there again - absolutely.	
Oct 10 2009 	great stay	just returned from a great stay at the affinia manhatton, great location , right opposite penn station and madison square gardens concert venue, so transport throughout the city is fab, check in was quick, very friendly and we were given what we asked for, if you want a view of the city expect noise, take earplugs because it would be a shame to ask for a quiet room as you will be put at the back, nothing nicer than sitting in a chair last thing at night and looking out over the NY scene, wonderfull,, ask for a high floor, corner refurbished room, then you will have a duel oulook over 2 sides , the room was spacious and newly decorated, the bathroom unfortunatley was not, but useable, for a short stay, a beaufull 1930's building, was very happy with our stay, would recommend and would stay there again	
Oct 9 2009 	Unbeatable location... but the noise could be a problem	The staff was friendly, the rooms were beautiful and very clean, and the location cannot be beat. But the traffic was so loud that we thought the windows must be open... they weren't. I'm a pretty deep sleeper, so it didn't bother me too much, but my mom was kept up a lot of the night because of the noise. We were on a high floor, too-- I imagine it would have been worse on the lower floors.All in all, I'd recommend it and stay there again, particularly because we were able to find a superb deal online, but I'd bring earplugs!	
Oct 8 2009 	Worst Experience In Many Years	Apparently the Affinia is an All Suites property, except the 8x10 room they sold me! There were no ammenities in the room, not even soap. And no coffee machine.The management was on par with the room. Totally non-chalant and NOT helpful. Basically a living nightmare for the next three nights!P.S. Don't use Priceline... You'll be sorry!!!	
Oct 8 2009 	Bring your shower shoes	I've been to NYC several times and I will admit that I've been spoiled as I'd always stayed at the Waldorf Towers before this time. I was going with friends and we had a budget. We picked this hotel because of the previous positive reviews and the ideal location. We arrived at the hotel and it does have a fairly attractive lobby, however, you must walk up a staircase of decent length to get to the reception area. There isn't an elevator or moving staircase or even any helpful staff to assist. We walked in with bags in tow, passed several doormen and bellhops and not one of the even bothered to look our direction. Being quite frustrated, I noisily dragged my suitcase up their very nice stone steps and said, passively aggressively, that it's ridiculous there isn't a single staff member to assist us when they're clearly just standing around. We arrived sweating at the reception desk and waited at least 20 min to be checked in. Again, there were staff around the desk but no one would come help the 1 person trying to check in a line up of people. We had booked 2 rms, had called ahead to ask for them to be adjoining. We were informed that they don't have adjoining rms but they'd get us adjacent rooms. When we were checking in, however, they didn't have these rms reserved for us. In fact, they didn't even have 2 rms on the same floor! We explained that we had called in advance and we need to have our rooms at least on the same floor or we're expecting a discount. The staff member looked again and did find there were 2 rooms on the same floor though one wouldn't be ready until later that day. We said we'd take the rooms and that we were heading out for the afternoon. The staff member took our cell phone # so he could let us know once the other room was ready.We headed up to the one ready room to drop off our luggage. I'd heard many stories of people staying in hotel rooms in NYC that barely fit the bed so I wasn't expecting much. The room was quite sizable actually. It had a disgusting little kitchen that I wouldn't walk into let alone prepare food in but that was of no concern since we wouldn't be eating in anyway. The building does not have central air but has noisy, filthy, ancient, window units. It was an unseasonably hot wknd so we had to run it the whole time. The bathroom was tiny! The shower was all small tiles and the grout was stained and cracking and dirty. Our first purchase in NYC was flip flops from Old Navy to wear in the shower!!Throughout the rest of the afternoon we were awaiting our phone call from the hotel to tell us the other room was ready. We were quite apprehensive that they'd give the room to someone else as they'd completely failed to fulfill our request for adjacent rms in the first place. Eventually we decided to call them as we needed to dress for dinner and we were told the room was ready. Again, a failed promise.The other room was a corner unit so it was even larger. Still had a disgusting kitchen, the noisy window air conditioner, and an even tinier though not any filthier bathroom. I am a small person - female, 5'3&quot;, 110 lbs - I couldn't stand in the shower without touching a wall!! I felt dirtier after getting out. The shower curtain didn't reach the floor so I flooded the bathroom everytime. The sink was stained. The hairdryer was caked with dust and smelled of burnt hair.The hotel is next to Madison Square Gardens. There was a concert on our first night there. Being in the end unit, it was loud! My friends were 2 doors up and heard nothing though. There were roll up blinds on the windows. I went to close them and discovered they were covered with grimy fingerprints. It was so gross. The one wouldn't even close so I just strategically avoided walking in front of it while dressing lol. I managed to miss closing one in the kitchen and at first glance actually thought there were people in my room! The apartment building next door was that close! I seriously could've reached out the window and touched the other building! Btw, I realized all of this as I was walking out of the shower. Every night, after about 6pm, you had to show your room key in order to enter the elevators. A bit of a pain. Not sure why there was such strict security.Our flight out wasn't until late in the evening so we had to store our bags at the hotel after checking out. The desk clerk rang for the bellhop to take our bags to storage and then walked away there were no other staff to be seen. We waited for 15 min before anyone came out and it wasn't a bellhop. It was the first friendly and helpful staff member we'd seen in 3 days, a very pregnant woman who attempted to call for a bellhop 2 more times before she started to take our bags herself. Of course we wouldn't let her and took the bags ourselves and followed her to the room. Just then a bellhop arrived...conveniently. Considering the security measures to get on the elevator you'd think they'd have something in place for bags. The room was completely full of luggage and there was no reference # given to us or anything. Somehow we did manage to get all of our bags when we checked out but again, I dragged my suitcase noisily down the stairs because there was no one there to assist.	
Oct 8 2009 	Exceeded my Wildest Dreams	I stayed at the Affinia Manhattan at the end of May 2009. It was a birthday trip that I had decided to go solo on (at the last minute). From the moment I checked in, the hotel staff was super nice and accomodating. Although the room I had originally booked wasn't ready yet, they held my luggage &amp; offered me THREE other choices of rooms in the meantime while I wait for my room. That was just the beginning of the large spectrum of wonderful service throughout my entire stay. The staff was so courteous &amp; helpful; from the insider scoop on what to see, to the subway lines/stops to take for my day-to-day sightseeing, to directions on the theater for my Broadway show, I felt in good hands the entire time. It was the most personable concierge/staff experience I've ever had a hotel. They were just downright amazing. The room was magnificent, definitely elegant yet handy (with a microwave to heat up left-overs in the kitchen). Room was a good size, with a nice bathroom &amp; walk-in closet. I also went online to their website w/ my reso # and ordered specialty pillows/extras (up to 2) free of charge! All in all, a great trip with a GREAT hotel. I will DEFINITELY stay here again!	
Oct 8 2009 	Excellent Hotel	As far as NYC hotels go, this one is one of the best - large rooms with kitchens that have stove, fridge, microwave - everything to make your stay more comfortable and convenient.The beds were excellent and staff very accomodating.Right across from MSG and Penn StationWithin walking distance of Times Square	
Oct 8 2009 	Good Value Good Service	Stayed here for just one night while attending a trade show at the Javitts Center. The location was very convenient for this purposeThe suite was very large and the 2 bathrooms were a major plus. The staff was very attentive. Room Service was prompt and the food good. Room was well supplied and clean. I would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 8 2009 	Terriffic Trip - Great Location - Very Noisy	If you want to be in the heart of NY, this hotel may be just what you are looking for. My family and I stayed here 8/11/09 - 8/16/09. Our room, which was a 2-bed suite had plenty of room and the the small living and kitchen area were a plus. The bathroom was a little small, but ok for 1 person at a time. The hotel is old, but that adds to its character and it is what the city is all about. My only complaints are that the hallways smelled a little musty and the traffic noisy (it didn't help there was a fire station right next door), even on the 10th floor, was very loud. Even though the noisy was load, I was beat after all of our daily adventures, sleeping was not an issue.	
Oct 7 2009 	Feel right at home at the Affinia Manhattan	This is our second stay in this well-located hotel, right across from Penn Station and Madison Square Gardens. We love the home-like feel, the convenience of the kitchen, and the friendliness and helpfulness of the staff. The beds are so perfectly comfortable and the room is so spacious! This place is a great value!The only downside is that the window treatments are a bit dirty and need cleaning. Likewise the carpet could use a shampoo. But overall, a fabulous and happy stay!	
Oct 7 2009 	Loved the Affinia	So glad we stayed at this hotel. We were leaving by train so it was helpful that Penn Station was right across the street. This hotel had the best location. 10 to 15 min walk to Times Square. Originally i wanted to book a hotel in Times Square, but now so glad i didnt. Times Square was so loud, so crowded, so busy that it was nice having a hotel close enough to walk there but far enough from all that noise. Everything is walking distance from this hotel. I wish the rooms could have been a little updated but we didnt mind too much because it was super clean. My husband and i are planning another trip to New York and will definitely by staying at this hotel again.	
Oct 3 2009 	Excellent hotel great location	Stayed at the Affinia Manhatten, An excellent friendly hotel in the perfect location to get to all the great sites. Directly opposite Madison Square Garden, one block away from Macy's and about 10 minutes walk from Times Square. I cannot wait to go back!	
Oct 2 2009 	Great Location !	Just got back from a four night stay and have to say would recommend to anyone. Location, comfort, friendly staff were all excellent. The view of the Empire State Building from the room was a bonus. Just across from Penn Station made airport transfer from Newark a doddle. A tip: try the breakfast diners around the hotel, they are half the price of those on Times Square.	
Sep 29 2009 	A good hotel in a central location	I visited the Affinia Manhattan in August 2009 with my partner as part of an extended group. I normally stay further up Midtown near the park but as we were travelling with a group of friends we thought it would be more fun to all stay in the same hotel. We got a fantastic rate through e-bookers for six nights at the Affinia and flights from a UK airport for approximately £700 per person. Having read a few of the reviews on here about the hotel we were a bit worried about what we would be getting. I would thoroughly recommend this hotel if you are on a budget and can get a good deal. The lobby is lovely and the staff are very friendly. We stayed on the 12th floor and although this isn't very high in NYC terms, we had no problems with noise. Our room was large with a Super King size bed which was very comfortable. The kitchen area had a large fridge which was handy for bringing in snacks and drinks and there were also facilities to make tea/coffee etc. The bathroom was particularly small and I would say this was one of the negative sides of the room. We had a small shower (no bath) and small sink and toilet. I would recommend asking for a room with a bath as one of our friends stayed in a room with a larger bathroom which was much nicer. The room was very clean and comfortable although a little tired decor wise. The wallpaper could do with replacing but for the cost you cannot complain. The room service from Niles Bar was excellent - very quick and delicious. The bar itself is very modern with a good drinks list and attentive bar staff. The hotel is in a handy location if you are looking to get to all areas of Manhattan. It's a 20 minute walk from Chelsea which is a nice area to wander around and about a 10 minute walk from Times Square. The Subway is across the road from this hotel which I would recommend using as it is quick and reliable.I would recommend this hotel if you are on a budget and looking for a central location at a good rate.	
Sep 29 2009 	Excellent Hotel! Excellent Location!	Arrived Saturday, September 12 and stayed 7 nights. Will, who is super friendly and helpful, checked us in with no hassles. Offered us a complimentary ugraded room (2 bathrooms, living room, bedroom with 2 double beds and kitchenette). Our group consisted of 4 women celebrating a 40th birthday, so the 2 bathrooms were much appreciated! The kitchenette had a full size fridge, small stove, sink, microwave, dishes, utensils, pots &amp; pans, etc. We did use the fridge, the micro and the dishes. The living room had a pull-out sofa bed (we did not use), a TV and desk. The bathrooms were nice sized for NY I would guess. The water was always hot and the water pressure was great. There are a lot of electrical outlets to plug in chargers, phones, etc. No worries there. The room was much cleaner than I expected. Housekeeping did a great job. They even washed the dishes! We never had to wait long for an elevator. The location can't be beat. Right across the street from Penn Station/Madison Square Garden. A short walk to Times Square, Empire State Building, shopping, etc. I was not bothered by any street noise, as others have suggested. We were on the 10th floor and had our windows open for fresh air. There is a police and fire station just around the corner, but that noise didn't bother me, and I am a light sleeper (we did walk a lot, put in long days and were very tired). We felt very safe at all times -- not the least bit uncomfortable. There is a bagel shop just across the street with really good food, a market and a Dunkin Donuts right next door. Restaurants, delis, bars and shops are everywhere. Carl, the doorman/bellhop was always friendly and helpful. Every person I encountered at the front desk was friendly, helpful, courteous, etc. I just can't say enough good things about the entire friendly staff. This hotel is in the perect location. Get a map from the Concierge and go! We walked everywhere -- to Central Park, the Financial District, So Ho, No Ho, Little Italy, the Brooklyn Bridge, etc. Granted, it is a hike, but you'll be amazed at what you will see that you might otherwise miss. I will recommend this hotel to everyone traveling to NY and would definitely stay here again on a return trip. Thanks Affinia Manhattan!!	
Sep 27 2009 	unbelievable traffic noise and $15 per day internet !!!	avoid this over priced poorly updated hotel poilce cars / ambulances all nite poor windows all of the noise into the room this hotel sells as much as they can after the stay sale ... fiji botteled water room temp. only $5.oo an 8 &quot; stuffed gorilla $19.99 or pay per view porno $19.99 however bedroom tv volume works only at a whisper level on it's max volume level room had 2 bathrooms last updated 60 years ago plastic lined tub cover installed incorrectly is potentially dangerous a tiny kitchen for what ?? gas stove on 27th floor no coffee maker or any complimentary anything and if not bad enough gangster rapper thugs wandering of the streets are just hanging around in the lobby no security seen anywhere !! staff was well prepared / rehearsed at dealing wit unsatisfied customers !	
Sep 26 2009 	Staying in N.Y. Stay at the Affinia Manhattan you will not be dissappointed.	painless checkin-helpful staff-nothing too much trouble-great rooms-comfy beds-added bonus of a kitchen-excellent location for exploring N.Y. concierge booked us a table at Niles restaraunt next door we were highly delighted check out our review of Niles on TripAdvisor	
Sep 22 2009 	old but clean	We enjoyed our stay at the Affinia Mamhatten. The rooms were large by NY standards.The rooms, furniture, rugs were a bit old but clean. Bathrooms were very small but clean. The vents were quite dusty! The only bad part was the sofa bed was VERY uncomfortable. It was like sleeping on a metal cage. I would not get a room with a pull out again.	
Sep 21 2009 	Fabulous service location and amenities	Affinia Manhattan is the best hotel I stayed in NYC. The service is first class, rooms are spacious and the kitchen and office were a nice surprise. I will be coming back.	
Sep 17 2009 	Bad Experience	Hotel is really badly managed and have the worst staff members. The rooms and bathroom are very dirty and no attempt was made by the staff to get it fixed after complaining multiple time.	
Sep 16 2009 	great choice if you want a suite rather than a room	Well-priced; we got a deluxe 1BR suite with 2 baths and used the LR for a second bedroom; fold out couch was just fine; TV in each room helped. Kitchen was clean and nice. Most but not all of their &quot;deluxe&quot; 1 BR suites have 2 baths, some have only one and some of those with one have it in the bedroom rather than in a central location, so beware and be sure you get the 2 bath if that is what are you want- or the one where it is central rather than in the bedroom. What is totally wierd is that the website explains NONE of this and the prices of all three options are IDENTICAL! Go figure.Staff helpful, quite cheery. We stayed opn the 22d floor, which essentially eliminated the street noise of the Penn Station across the street and madison Square garden 1 block North. We could walk easily to Chelsea or to Time Square area. Subway 1 short block from hotel. Dunkin Doughnuts for cheap breakfast, great coffeee just outside the side street entrance (32d street?)	
Sep 15 2009 	Excellent hotel = very comfortable room great location	We loved the Affinia Manhattan. Our room on the 10th floor was very spacious and meticulously clean. The kitchenette was very useful for breakfast and snacks. We had no noise problems and slept like babies! The staff was very helpful and pleasant from the check-in receptionist to the concierge, bellhops and cleaning staff. We would definitely stay here again when we visit New York City.Joan Bhabha, Canada	
Sep 13 2009 	great location clean but old rooms bit noisey- we were satisfied overall	booked for 150 dollars per night for double room.Excellent location for every subway line, across Penn station. Very helpful staff, impressive lobby.Our room at 27th floor, not near elevators(ask for one), spacious with kitchen, small but fine bathroom.Room was a bit old, with noisey A/C, some sirens for nearby Fire station but its in the center of Manhattan...would recomment it at a good price	
Sep 12 2009 	Great Location-Times Square on your door step!	It's situated on 7th Avenue (aka Fashion Avenue) between 31st &amp; 30th street west opps Madinson Square , which is an idea spot to do your sightseeing and shopping. We did alot of walking every where, because most of the places we wanted to see are within walking distance ie Emprire State Building, Macey's &amp; Times Square.The rooms are good size which includes a mini kitchen ( which was handie), and the beds are big comfortable, staff were friendly &amp; helpful.	
Sep 9 2009 	Excellent hotel !!!!	We stayed in this hotel for our 40th birthday treat. I have only complements to pay to the staff,who were friendly and helpful.Our room was a studio suite with two double beds which had to be the most comfortable I have ever slept in a hotel.The room was clean and on the 16th floor we didn`t suffer noise problems.The bathroom are small but functional and cleaned to a high standard.The location was excellent.I loved New York and will return with my family next time and I will stay at this value for money Hotel. Thanks to the staff who provide for thier excellent service.	
Sep 9 2009 	Thrilled	Excellent location, on the corner of 7th and 31st. Clean and spacious rooms although tiny bathroom but clean and functional. Helpful, friendly staff. Wouldn't hesitate to stay here again	
Sep 8 2009 	Location Location Location	A friend and I booked this hotel as part of a girl's getaway package. For the most part, we loved the hotel. The location can't be beat! It's right by Madison Square Garden. The staff were very friendly and helpful. We easily got recommendations and reservations for dinner via the concierge. And, for NYC, it was a great value. The room was so-so. I've stayed at the Waldorf and W hotels in NYC. So, maybe I'm a bit spoiled. But, this seemed like an apartment conversion with the big kitchen, small bathroom, etc. The furniture was dated and seemed to be run-down. While lobby seemed grand, the rooms were not. If you're looking for luxury, keep looking.	
Sep 6 2009 	SUPERB	Spacious room with king sized bed and t.v. kitchen had huge fridge/freezer and cooker which allowed us to eat what and when we wanted. The shower was superb. Staff were friendly and helpfull. Very good value for money. I cannot wait to return to NYC and hopefully can book in the Affinia.	
Sep 5 2009 	Excellent quality hotel big enough for a family of 4 and centrally located	This is a real gem for anyone with a family of three or four trying to stay in Manhattan for a reasonable price. By reasonable, I mean a one-bedroom (sleeps 4) midweek for about $220 per night. This is the only one bedroom I know of that has two bathrooms (one with shower, other with shower/tub) and a functional kitchen. The door between the bedroom and living room actually closes, meaning that you have two totally separate spaces; there is a hideaway full size bed in the living room, which is sizable in itself. My family of four (kids 14 and 11) felt very comfortable in this hotel. The hotel is across the street from Madison Square Garden and Penn Station and 1 1/2 blocks south of Macy's. Others described the walk to Times Square as two minutes; that's not accurate; it's 10-14 blocks so is more like 10+ minutes. But, still it is close, and with subway nearby is very convenient for going to Times Square or to Battery Park for jump off to Statue of Liberty/Ellis Island. We were on the 19th floor, so we had no problem with traffic noises. Full size fridge and stove means significant savings on food for family and the ability to de-compress in the room while eating on those long days of touring and going to theater. Internet is not free in the hotel but is so in the Dunkin Donuts on the ground floor of the hotel, at the Starbucks across the street and at the Burger King one block down.	
Sep 4 2009 	Highly Reccommend..... Awesome Location	Stayed here with my partner from dec 15th - 20th in 08. Hotel is so easy find! Just ask for Madison Square Garden and its literally right opposite it. Only 2 mins to times square. After check in we went to our room which was on a high floor. Spotless room with big bedroom, big living area and decent kitchen but toilet was tiny and I mean TINY! It didn't have a bath and only had a really small shower area. I asked the guy at reception if we could get a room with a bath and he said he had a room on a lower floor but would rather locate us on a higher floor (less street noise) if we were willing to wait an extra day and promised us the room would be lovely. We opted to wait for the high floor and when we arrived back on day 2 from being out all day we were assigned to our new room which already had our luggage moved there by the staff. This room was fab!! No extra charge, massive bedroom with ensuite, massive bathroom. All you could ask for!! Highly reccommed this hotel. Clean, Helpful, Good value, Spaciousand very central.	
Sep 3 2009 	brilliant location helpful staff.	The hotel is in a great location opposite Madison Sq Garden and 1 block from macey's. Penn station is over the rd so it's really easy to use the subway and buses. The staff in the hotel were really helpful. Our room was a really good size and had everything we needed. could maybe be modernized.We would definitely stay here again was really good value.	
Aug 31 2009 	Perfect for family stay in superb location	Fantastic proximity to Penn Station and room was sooooooo clean.Brand new carpet and two wonderfully clean and stylish bathrooms.True the sirens on the fire trucks were noisy but hey- we were in central Manhattan not an ocean retreat!Kitchen really handy but we ate out or had take aways.Two lovely bakery cafes one right opposite and one on next block called Europa Cafe .Fab breakfasts and snacks in both . Found staff friendly and efficient. King Kong cuddly toy on bed was a nice touch but then realised it cost $20-we left it . On 23rd floor and kids loved that,we did request it.Was really concerned by some reports I had read but our experience was wonderful and I loved the space this place offered as a retreat from the full on experience that is New York. Did not pay for WiFi as this is a rotten hidden charge that I personally resent as so many really low cost places manage to include in the room cost . Hope Mr Affina is reading this .	
Aug 29 2009 	Almost a great hotel	When we booked this hotel it was ranked much higher on TA, around 20-30 in NYC (now down to 66th). And to be honest, I can see why it has fallen down the rankings slightly.Don't get me wrong, we enjoyed our stay here. The lobby area is impressive, and our room was spacious complete with a small kitchen. The restaurant was not cheap but equally not overly expensive by NY standards, and the breakfast was very good as was the service. Location was also good (near MSG and Penn Station) in that we could walk pretty much everywhere in Manhattan, the only time we got a bus was when visiting Liberty Island.However, it was very noisy. There were constant sirens outside our room and at times it was difficult to sleep (the night we arrived, a bomb went off in Times Square!). One of the concierge staff also seemed rather haughty, we booked tickets to a Broadway show there but he gave the impression that he was almost doing us a favour, and was quite pushy in getting us to spend money. It made us feel slightly uncomfortable so after that we only approached the Concierge desk when he wasn't on duty.While I would stay here again if required as the price was not unreasonable (around £600 for 5 nights), I think if we ever visit NYC again I will look for something better.	
Aug 28 2009 	Loved it!	I've taken my two children on trips into the city for the day but usually don't stay overnight because it is so expensive. I was able to get a great rate for this hotel on priceline so we decided to stay for two nights. This hotel is an excellent value - I don't think you can beat it. The staff were great at the front desk (Amanda is one I remember) plus the people at the concierge desk were excellent. We were able to buy our tix to the American Museum of Natural History there and saved lots of time online when we arrived. The kitchen in the room was great because we went to the little grocery store one door down and got milk (for cereal in the morning) and yogurt. We didn't use the stove or microwave because we ate out for lunch and dinner but it would be great to have a kitchen for a longer stay.I thought the hotel was in very good condition. Yes, you can go elsewhere to get brand new carpeting and fancier bedspreads and furniture but you will pay a lot more for that. We hardly spent any time in the room and were more than happy with the quality of the accommodations. We really loved this hotel and would definitely stay again!	
Aug 28 2009 	Large room good customer service	Recently stayed at this hotel after successfully bidding for the room on Priceline. The room was large by NY standards, with a sitting area and a small kitchenette. The bed was very comfortable. There was a mix up when we returned to the hotel after an excursion to Western NY for several days. We arrived very late at night, we had called to give notice of our late arrival, but there were no rooms available when we reached the hotel. Through great customer service, the staff managed the situation very well and sent us to the Affinia Dumont for our stay, also a very comfortable facility and our room was more than adequate.	
Aug 28 2009 	Excellent location shame about the room	We stayed here for our honeymoon and after looking at their impressive website decided that this was the place for us. We booked room only as we were planning to see relatives as well as all the usual sights. Despite the pretty lobby and friendly staff I was needless to say that I was very disappointed with the room. It was small, and quite tatty the carpet had seen better days as had the decor. Whilst I appreciate we hadnt booked a suite or a 'posher' room I was disappointed that I spent all that money on a very very basic room. You are quite simply paying for the location. I would go back to the hotel however I would recommend booking a better room than we had.	
Aug 28 2009 	Outstanding value and service for good price	I stayed one night at the Affinia Manhattan because it's close to Penn Station and I had an early train. I literally was standing on the train platform within 5 minutes of leaving my room in the morning. Can't beat the location.I was amazed at the large size of the room, and that it was a suite complete with a separate kitchen. The room was comfortable, very clean, and updated. I also had a drink at the bar downstairs, which is friendly and stylish...and stylish is not something you find a lot of in the Madison Square Garden district.But the real plus was that I accidentally left my beautiful leather agenda book in the room, and didn't realize it for 2-3 days after leaving. I called housekeeping, and they said they had it, and once I gave them my fedex number, they shipped it to me immediately. I received it two days later, with the cash still inside that I leave there for emergencies. I was so thrilled with the level of service, and can only say I highly recommend this hotel. Thank you so much Affinia!	
Aug 26 2009 	Nice Lobby - OK Room	Stayed for a night in the Affinia Manhattan. Great location right across from Penn Station. The lobby is impressive but my room was a little &quot;worn&quot;. Updated bedding and furniture but the carpet had seen better days and the window a/c was loud. There was a kitchen (didn't use) but would be useful for a longer trip. My annoyance was that there was a squealing noise coming through my bathroom vent - called front desk and they said they'd take care of it but it persisted. I was out for most of the evening but no attempt by the management to leave me a note or message.	
Aug 25 2009 	I love the wifi more than I love the fedoras.	I'm a return visitor to Affinia Manhattan because I like the place. In fact, I know the first names of four of the doormen and if I dare walk by the entrance, they'll yell from across the street.I got better wifi coverage in the hotel than I expected this time. It was good enough for a full session of Online Meeting Rooms (synchronous full-duplex video) and also strong enough to support Qik outside the front door too.I also figured out that the quietest rooms are above the 10th floor, around the corner from the bank of elevators. Room 1614 offered sound sleep, much appreciated after a longer than expected trip from Ireland.	
Aug 23 2009 	Pros and cons	I have stayed a this hotel at least a dozen times over the past 10 years for busines. It would not be my choice, but this is where my business colleagues wish to stay. However, I have more good than bad to say about this hotel.First, the good: The location is excellent, The hotel is across the street from Penn Station and Madison Square Garden. You have easy access to the trains and subways. I take the subway most of the time; it is perfectly safe to do so, and not very expensive. The subway can get very crowded. The beds are extremely comfortable. It is very nice to have a kitchen area with full size refierator to store snacks and leftovers, and keep beverages cold. You can walk to Times Square, or take take the subwayNow the bad: The area is very noisy, the windows are old and have window air conditioning units. I have been as high as the 17th floor, and still heard honking and sirens all night. Also, I have had rooms with maintenance issues. (For example, during one recent trip, a window in the room had no shade. )	
Aug 21 2009 	Don't use their parking!	Spent a long weekend at the Affinia Manhattan to celebrate a wedding anniversary. At the hotel's suggestion we used the valet parking. When we got our car back the bumper was severely gouged. Of course Affinia's garage denied causing the damage. I intend to sue them now, even if I have to travel 4 hours back to New York to do it!The hotel? Aside from the garage, they were generally helpful, but the hotel could really use a renovation. For breakfast their restaurant is mediocre and overpriced.I give the hotel 1 star because they caused several hundred dollars in damage to my car and refused to own up to it.	
Aug 18 2009 	Never back again	Nice hotel is under very mess and awful management. we booked the Luxe twin room with 2 double beds half year before our traveling date. after check in, we found only 1 bed for our 4 people. we went reception there was a black lady told us that twin room has been fully booked. We told her we booked room 6 month ago and paid twin room for 4 people. How couldn't have a room for us? She just stood there didn't has any apology and very rude told us &quot;no twin room&quot; even didn't show any help. We asked to see manager. The lady she said she is manager checked our booking and told us no twin room can be arranged. no apologize, no compensation and said only can do is give a sinlge rollaway bed. So We paid US$250 a night and one person slept on the floor.Our dream to New York and became a nightmare. We don't understand why New York people so callous, unfriendlyand rude? We never go to New York and Never stay any Affinia brand again!	
Aug 18 2009 	Great Location. Good Hotel.	Having booked this hotel through Priceline, I was a little anxious about the room they were going to give me. I arrived in Midtown at 11am. The front desk staff was extremely polite. I asked if they had a room ready, and sure enough, they did. It was a “studio suite” on the 5th floor (out of 28 floors, I believe). It was on the back side of the building, with a view of the Empire State Building. The room had a very comfortable king sized bed, small kitchen, and decent amount of room to relax or store luggage (I didn’t have any). Te bathroom was small (only one person could fit at a time) but that wasn’t an issue for me. Both the room and the hotel were very clean. The AC in the room worked great. I didn’t use the kitchen to cook, but having the refrigerator to store drinks was helpful. Despite being on a low floor, there was no problem with street noise (as other reviews have suggested).The location was the best thing about the Affinia. It was right across from Madison Square Garden and close to most of the touristy stuff without being in the middle of the obnoxiously Disneyfied Times Square. It was directly across from the Penn Station subway lines and a few blocks from the Herald Square subway lines. There were some pretty good restaurants in Chelsea and Hell’s Kitchen that were within walking distance, although the area directly surrounding the hotel wasn’t exactly hoppin’ at night.Overall: Great stay. Great value. Would definitely stay again.	
Aug 18 2009 	Perfect Hotel For Families	The Affinia Manhattan is a real gem. The hotel was perfect for the five-day trip my wife and I took with our two children (7 and 9) to New York City. My wife's parents stayed in the same hotel in their own room. It is located across the street from Penn Station/Madison Square Garden which means that accessing transportation is a breeze. It is also only 11 blocks (which isn't that far at all) south of Times Square, two blocks from the Empire State Building, two blocks from Macy's, and a short walk to Fifth Avenue shopping. We even walked to Central Park and back. There are several small grocery stores and delis in the area which is perfect since every room in the hotel has a kitchenette that includes a medium-sized refrigerator, a stove, a microwave, a sink, and a toaster. There are also several fast food restaurants nearby and a Dunkin' Donuts just steps from the side door. The staff was friendly, hospitable and extremely helpful. The rooms are large (massive by New York standards). The beds were extremely comfortable and guests are offered 6 different pillow options. The price was unbelievable - the rooms were worth at least 3 times what we paid. We could not have been happier. I highly recommend the Affinia Manhattan to anyone who wants to stay in a great hotel with rare amenities in the middle of Manhattan.	
Aug 16 2009	An excellent hotel in the heart of New York!	My mum and I visited New York on the 31st July for a whole week and we stayed at the Affinina Manhattan. We could not fault this hotel! It's location is perfect - it is not far from Times Square, 2 blocks from Macy's and the Empire State Building is just around the corner! All of the hotel staff were very friendly, helpful and polite. We stayed in Room 1909 which looked out onto Madison Square Garden. The room was big and extremely clean. About half way through the week, our kitchen light stopped working so we wrote a note for the housekeeping and went out. When we returned a couple of hours later, it had been replaced.Lots of people have written on Tripadviser about the street noise that you can hear in the rooms. You have to remember that you are in New York City - one of the busiest cities in the world and the city that never sleeps! If you want peace and quiet, you shouldn't really be in New York!!! We did all of the normal tourist attractions - Times Square, Macy's, The Empire State Building, A Bus Tour, Strawberry Fields, The American Museum of Natural History, Central Park Zoo, Top of the Rock, Ground Zero, St.Paul's Chapel, The Statue of Liberty, A river cruise, The Titanic Museum and The Bronx Zoo. All of them are fab!Central Park Zoo is brilliant value for money and has beautiful polar bears! We found that the Top of the Rock was better than the Empire State Building because it was less crowded and you can see a brilliant view of the Empire State which you cannot do when you are on it! Both are a must do though! Ground Zero is a must see! St. Paul's Chapel has a memorial to 9/11 - take tissues!! The other thing we were impressed by was the New York subway. We had heard lots of negative things about the subway but we decided to brave it in order to get to the Bronx Zoo. It is cheap, $2.25 and it is valid for 2 hours, takes you straight to your destination and you can use on buses! We had never been abroad before and chose New York for our first destination - some people told us we were mad! We had the best time ever! The people of New York are very friendly and always happy to help. It was everything we wanted it to be and more!!!	
Aug 14 2009 	Slept like a Baby	Hotel was okay. Needs renovation. Not terrible, but dated. Room was spacious. Bed was comfortable. Sleep was peaceful. Stayed for two nights on floor 19. Very quiet. Loved the fridge. Would stay again. God willing.	
Aug 11 2009 	A Very Pleasant Surprise	To begin w/, the staff at this hotel is probably one of the best I've ever experienced. They were pleasant, knowledgeable and professional. The Affinia Manhattan is a gem. The room (2x twin beds) offered more than enough comfort space for my 9 yr old twins, my wife and myself. The kitchenette was a plus! The beds were very comfortable, as were the pillows.The bath was a bit small, but the water pressure was excellent. The AC had a sleep mode...very nice. We had a 19th floor, corner room, looking down on 7th &amp; The Garden....yes, a bit noisy (street noise), but what do you expect? The only complaint is the wifi charge of $14.95 per 24hr. We decided to leave our laptop @ home. Overall, this was a great choice and we would definitely stay there again and highly recommend this hotel.	
Aug 10 2009 	Stunning views from 26th floor.	I have stayed at the Affinia Manhattan six times now and this time I treated myself to a suite on the 26th floor. Firstly, the views were amazing, the Empire State Building on one side and Downtown Manhattan on the other. The suite itself was bigger than my first apartment - a living room with two settees, an office area and a TV. Also, a fully equipped kitchen, a bedroom with a bed that could have slept four and another TV, a good sized bathroom (large shower) and two closets. For the price you won't get anything better in Manhattan, and a great location too.	
Aug 5 2009 	Dilapidated but decent. Somewhat noisy but perfectly located. BE CAREFUL WITH YOUR CREDIT CARD!!	First impression: Location itself was GREAT. Very close to Penn Station and Herald Square MTA stops. The walk to Times Square and a host of other notable attractions was brief and doable. There is a Dunkin Donuts, Starbucks, Bagel Haven and a great little convenience store on the block. Now, the firehouse downstairs adds to the essence of NYC, I guess? It wasn't really that bad, but it was noticeable, along with the general noise of the city. (We did ask for the room on the highest available floor and the staff accommodated us with a room on the 13th floor.) The lobby and reception area was nice, the staff from the bellman to the desk agents were pleasant. Check-in SEEMED to follow a fairly standard format.The Room: Like many others have stated, the rooms are dilapidated and there isn't anything trendy or chic about this hotel. However, the beds are comfortable, the bathrooms are nice, you have a variety of pillow choices, the rooms have kitchens and the housekeeping staff are personable. There are window AC units and they are noisy, but effective. The TVs are old, but the cable selection is good. No wireless access in the room. Other Stuff: The &quot;Business Center&quot; is a money pit. You have to pay by the minute ($5 minimum) to browse the net and they charge $1 per page to print anything other than your airline boarding pass .I gave my Visa Debit Card upon check-in for incidentals. (I booked through Priceline.com and the reservation was pre-paid.) I specifically asked the agent, who happened the be the Operations Manager, if I was going to see a massive pending transaction. She said that I wouldn't. Later, I went to the ATM to get cash and I find out that my entire budget for the trip was tied up in a pending transaction at the hotel. I immediately went back and the staff had switched shifts. The evening agent called the bank and got the process rolling, but later dropped the ball on getting the issue corrected. Later, I made my way up to the manager on duty and he finally took care of their part of getting the charges reversed. Because they hotel dropped the ball, I was without funds for two of my days in NYC. They manager faxed the forms late in the day and it processing wouldn't begin til the next morning--which would take 6 hours to process. Finally, it was fixed. NOT ONCE did the hotel apologize for their mistake, demonstrate accountability, or attempt to accommodate me in any way other than working with the bank. PLEASE pay careful attention to the charges at check-in and many hotel industry workers advise that you not use a check/debit card for incidental authorizations.	
Aug 4 2009 	Couldn't find a nicer more convenient hotel	A little worried by some reviews I had read but this really was a great place to stay. Large rooms, very comfortable big bed and 6 choices of pillow. When I asked for a different pillow it came quickly with no problem. Everyone was cheerful and friendly. Found the Dunkin Doughnuts just by the side entrance very useful for breakfast. Ideal location if you take the train in from Newark Airport. Ideal location for seeing New York. My bedroom looked straight out at the Empire State Building!All arrangements went smoothly. 2 bathrooms in suite and really big fridge/freezer to store drinks and food from deli next to hotel. Really great place to stay	
Aug 3 2009 	Great find would never stay anywhere else in NY	Hotel was beautiful and plushVery friendly, professional staffLocation: perfect if arriving by train at Penn Station (just across the street). Easy walk to time square. Rooms were very big, great view, very comfortable bed and very nice sheets. Very clean as well. Kitchen had dishes, silverware, full fridge, and microwave. Although we didn't cook, we were able to have snacks, etc. in the room and keep drinks cold.We paid $220/night, a great value for this high quality room, especially in NYC	
Aug 3 2009 	Affinia Manhattan is a fine place to stay	My husband and I stayed here for 4 nights for our 21st anniversary. The hotel was recommended to us by hubby's brother as he had honeymooned there a couple years ago and they stayed 9 days and were very pleased, as were we. There had been a room deal on the Affinia website for early June and when I called to ask about it but expressed an interest in a room with a terrace, they couldn't provide one at the 'special' price, but they did give me a break on the room price. I received several e-mails from the hotel prior to our arrival reminding me to choose our pillows - 6 selections!! and a free kit to use while you are there which were a yoga kit, a wine tasting kit or a walking tour kit, which came with headphones, an IPod and a set of cards with touring walks. I chose that one, but in the end we didn't use it. You do want to keep the kit safe as they will charge you, of course, if anything happens to the IPod.The location is great. We took the train from Philadelphia to Penn Station and walked across the street and we were there at the hotel! The hotel is one of the nice old fashioned-looking buildings on the outside but a modern lobby that is sort of pointless actually. I guess if you are meeting someone and need a place to sit somewhere it's ok, but somehow it feels like they haven't exactly finished it. The staff were all very, very nice and accomodating. The concierges were great. Our first room was on the 20th floor and our terrace looked out across a u-shaped space to the rooms [terraceless] opposite us as well as both side streets and a variety of fascinating apartments and one building next door that was having the brick removed by workmen that was fascinating to watch...but there was no 'romantic' view. When I called the desk to see if there was another room with a 'New York' view, they said they could move us on Friday to a higher floor and we were happy. The room had a HUGE bed and the room appointments were very classy; black, brown, silver and gold colors on the bed furnishings. It had a kitchen with a small under counter fridge, a microwave, dishes, silverware, all the trappings, which came in handy as our first meal in NYC was right after we'd come down from the Empire State Building watching a huge rainstorm eat upper Manhattan. We ducked into The Main Noodle House at 1011 6th Avenue feeling very Newyawkish. The menu was huge, they had a delivery boy on a bike who came and went and tons of people coming in for take out. We got two dishes, one of which was beef and green bean and ginger which was fabulous. Both dishes were better than most Chinese food I've had and we took the left overs with us as we had the means to reheat and re-eat in our room.Friday we moved up to the 24th floor and there, from our shared terace this time, was the Empire State Building in all her lit up glory and from the bedroom window, you could see the Chrysler Building between a couple other tall buildings, if you stood just right. Now this room was a completely different configuration. It had a hallway from the main room past the kitchen [which this time had a FULL sized refrigerator!], around a corner to the terrace door and a large closet with a mirrored front! The terrace was shared with a room down a lonely hall but which had a window from the hall that opened onto our balcony. There was a large iron fence with the middle blocked out so you wouldn't see your neighbors, exactly. In the end, I preferred room 2014, the first room, over room 2414, view of the Empire State notwithstanding. Plus, it poured Friday night so we were only able to enjoy the sight for a bit on Saturday night. Other than sirens, there was no noise we noticed. The toiletries were LOVELY. The bathrooms in the two rooms were also completely different. 2014 having the nicer, larger area, but neither was large by any standard. They were clean and bright.We were able, through the concierge desk to get tickets to see God of Carnage [which won 3 Tonys] on our anniversary - very expensive tickets through a broker, but the Tonys were 3 days away and we had right end 2nd row mezzanine seats which were better than the box seats in front of us... [and I'm truly sorry I can't remember the name of the woman who helped us the most. My husband noticed she and I had the same glasses!! She was wonderful and very patient with us.] We also wanted to eat at Patsy's Italian restaurant at 236 W. 56th St which was Frank Sinatra's apparent favorite place to eat Italian in NY, or so we were told. Teensy bar, two floors packed with diners, lots of famous photos on the downstairs walls and fabulous food. This was our anniversary dinner and they gave us a gift bag with a jar of spaghetti sauce to take home!!We took the Metro everywhere. Pretty easy to use self-ticket machines and very well marked routes. Funny thing is, they go up and down the island but to get across you take the bus or you go from Times Square across to Grand Central Station by subway [where there is NO PLACE TO SIT in the main terminal. You wanna sit? You go down to the food court where they have lots of nice places to eat and drink and hilariously large PeeWee's Playhouse type overstuffed plastic chairs to sit in!].Never having been to NYC before we tried to fit in as much tourist stuff as possible. Empire State, Ellis Island...we were too late to get tickets for entry to Lady Liberty so we passed up getting off there. If you are interested at all in how America got it's Eastern European population, Ellis Island would take up most of your day anyway. The headphpnes are a must to tour the main building. The museum also is very well done, but we didn't have enough time. It would have taken all day and we couldn't do that. The boat ride is fun too. The upstairs bow area gets quite crowded and there's no where to sit. If you want to sit at all, get in line early. The tickets are available in the fort at Battery Park. I'm sure there must be other places to get them, but we weren't very well prepared with information on this trip and we slept in because the bed was so comfy.Walked by the World Trade Center site, but couldn't find the memorial. The area is blocked by fences and machinery. The little church facing the site has a wonderful memorial in it. We also went to the Museum of Natural History on a very rainy Friday. Lesson...do not go first thing in the morning. If it is a week day and a school day, all the kids in Manhattan are probably on school tours. You can see plenty if you wait till after lunch. The school kids are gone by about 2. The self check in at the museum is great, except we thought we were getting tickets to see the planetarium and while we got to pick 3 add-ons to the initial entry, the planetarium was NOT one of those items. In the end, after wandering around in utter confusion, the info desk IN the planetarium actually comped us tickets to the planetarium show. We were very pleased and amazed by the overall helpfulness and courtesy of EVERYone we encountered in NYC.Must do...if you are tired of walking, take the [sing it with me now...]THE THREE HOUR TOUR from Circle Line tours that goes entirely around the island. [The tours are not from the Ellis Island/Liberty Island dock. Don't make that mistake.] Ask your conceirge - again- and they usually can print timed tickets for you for the tours at no additional cost. Then when you are done, cross the street and go to Celebrity Bowling and have a Guiness on tap, some really unusual bowling alley food that can almost be calld 'gourmet', and watch the movies or glow bowling or whatever is going on. We had a martini at the roof garden of the Metropolitan Museum of Art and also ate dinner there, which was very good and it was wonderul looking into the museum's first floor area and out the big window into Central Park. Also, do NOT miss the Frick Gallery if you like art close up. Two Vermeer's RIGHT there you can see the brush strokes! Give your self more than 1-1/2 hours though. We went after the Mus. Nat. History on that rainy Friday.All in all, we were very pleased with the whole experience and oh those beds at the Affinia. I would definitely stay there again.	
Aug 3 2009 	What a great find!	My Husband and I travelled to New York for the first time in February. We had absolutely no idea what to expect from this Hotel but I can assure you we were pleasantly surprised! The good points: Big room, Comfy Bed, cleaned daily, plenty of storage and most importantly, a kitchen!!!! It was brilliant, saved so much money. We ended up doing a small shop for essentials like cereals, bread, milk etc. We got up at our leisure every morning, watched sky TV and had breakfast in peace. I can't bear all that bleary eyed, buffet breakfast room nonsense that you get in hotels where they dictate what time you will get up and eat! It also helped us after a hard days sightseeing. The last thing I wanted to do at night was go out and eat. Its REALLY expensive and the restaurants are not that great. So, we would grab take out somewhere and take it back to the room. Perfect!!!Also, it is perfectly located. Close enough to walk everywhere yet far enough away that you can get away from the madness for five minutes.Staff can't do enough for you. There is a tourist info booth in the hotel lobby, use them!Bad Points: The bathroom is TINY!!! It is only big enough for one person. I am 5ft, size 10 and I felt claustraphobic. If you are big people, maybe go somewhere else! The decor could do with updating and there was a bit of a draft through the windows.Overall this hotel was perfect for what we wanted. I would def go again.Try going down to Niles restaurant for a really tasty Cosmopolitan.Go across the road for brilliant Bagels. (Can't remember the name, come out of main hotel entrance, cross the road, turn to your left and walk until you need to cross again, the bagel shop is on your right.)	
Aug 2 2009 	Unbelievable location and great service	I've stayed in NY twice before, but I have to say this unassuming midtown hotel really ticked all the boxes. First, the location is just fantastic. You are always going to have a little walking to do in New York, but the Affinia is within 4 easy blocks of Times Square and Broadway, just 2 to the Empire State Building and Macy's, Madison Sq Garden literally across the road and the Main NY Post Office (for posting all your overweight purchases back home!!) is only 1 block. Or take an $8 taxi ride to the Circle Line boat tour around NY harbour. Really great.The Affinia is definitely an 'older style' hotel, but its comfortable in that description and doesn't charge like a wounded bull for the privilege. Everything worked, was well placed and didn't jar for us. We could use free WiFi by sitting in the lobby in front of the elevators and piggy-backing the Dunkin' Donuts network next door (everyone does it, don't worry). The staff were very helpful and even allowed us to check-in 5 hours early after a particularly rough flight over, something they didn't have to do.No complaints - with a deal in hand on the room rate, this hotel is one of the best options I've found for the Big Apple.	
Jul 31 2009 	Affinia is awesome!	Very nice, we arrived late and recieved at upgraded room at only $160! Nice rooms, great service, location was perfect for us. There was some street noise, but it is the city that never sleeps! We will probably not return unfortunatly, because we need our Marriott points, but till I would reccomend it to anyone!	
Jul 31 2009 	Not as good as it was on previous occasions	Stayed for 3 nights in July and as a party of 7( including one infant) we had booked two seperate one bedroom suites. We had no special requests apart from beng on the same floor if possible but even that wasn't essential. Having stayed at the hotel before we knew what to expect or so we thought.To put it mildly, one of the rooms we were allocated (715) was awful. Totally depressing with practically no natural light, barely enough room to walk around the bed so where the crib for the infant was supposed to go was a mystery to us, perhaps in the bathroom ??On previous occasions we have also stayed in a one bed suite at this hotel and were pleased with a decent sized bedroom, two seperate bathrooms and nice open living area.Not so on this occassion, much much smaller rooms, no natural light whatsover with the adjacent buildings being so close on two sides, one very small bathroom and perhaps as some form of welcome gift a half consumed bottle of white wine in the fridge. The only thing that had not changed wa sthe price we had paid which wasn't cheap.Eventually after several phone calls and being told that no other rooms were available until the next day we were moved to room 2020 which was a great improvement but still no more than we had booked and paid for.Two other problems during the stay worth mentioning. On one morning the bed wasn't even half made up by the maid. Duvet was thrown on the bed but underneath the sheets were still all crumpled and had obviously not been touched and our request for a late check out (2 extra hours) couldn't be accomodated despite the fact that after checking in it took them almost an hour and a half to rectify the poor accomodation they initially provided us with.We had a great few days in New York but the Affinia didn't contribute to our enjoyment on this occassion. As you might see from our other posts we rarely, if ever, have any complaints so its quite unusual for us to be so negative but on this occassion it is warranted.The Big Apple has lost none of its shine but the Affinia Manhattan certainly has and we won't ever stay there again.	
Jul 30 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location Great Holiday	We hadn't been to New York before, but we were really glad that our travel agent suggested this hotel. It was very comfortable and the staff were extremely helpful. Location is excellent with Times Square, Empire State Building and Macy's all within walking distance.	
Jul 28 2009 	Very large room good price. Excellent!	USD 140 including taxes was excellent price-quality for 4th July weekend. King-size bed, a lot of space for luggage and a kitchenette. Pillow menu and other little free extras like hairdryer for curly hair were plus. Service desk in the middle of lobby was great! They helped with question concerning the city of NY.	
Jul 27 2009 	Fantastic - Brilliant hotel	This hotel was lovely. Huge spacious rooms with a kitchen area, Aveda products in the bathroom too.This hotel was in awesome location, couldnt wish for better.The staff were really helpful and polite and nothing was too much trouble.Would recommend this hotel and would love to stay again.	
Jul 25 2009 	Not impressed	The location is great-- very close to Penn Station and other downtown attractions.My room was a suite-- which I didn't request or need. I had two bathrooms and a kitchen but the room was extremely dark and dingy, even with the lights on.The carpet, walls and drapes were old and tired-- the carpet had some stains.The bed was comfortable overall but the room smelled terrible and i didn't want to spend any more time then necessary there. Also, the AC was a window unit which was loud and leaky. Would not recommend this place.	
Jul 24 2009 	Perfect Accomodation for 4 Adults Traveling Together!	My mom, dad, husband, and I recently spent six nights in the Affinia Manhattan. We had a suite with one bedroom, 2 bathrooms, living/dining combo, a kitchen, and 4 closets! This arrangement provided us with more space then we had ever even hoped for. The rooms were quite comfortable - if not a little &quot;tired&quot; and &quot;dated&quot; but for the price we paid we couldn't complain. We found a great deal on Travel Zoo and the friendly reservation clerk allowed me to book direct, matching the price. We were minutes from the subway and used it as our mode of transportation almost exclusively. The concierge's desk was always staffed with helpful, friendly, knowledgeable people, who were always happy to answer our questions or give us directions to this place or that. We were only one subway stop from Times Square and just a few stops to most other sights. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who desires a clean, comfortable, reasonably priced place to stay.	
Jul 24 2009 	Great location and extremely comfortable	When we arrived we were allocated a room on the 19th floor. The shower dripped all night, the air con was broken and we could not open the curtains. When we complained the next morning we were given a smaller (although very noisy) room on the 7th floor which was clean and comfortable. Staff on reception were a delight and the hotel manager gave me half my internet rental back because it went down for a day which was very generous. The location is amazing and a good choice for all the attractions once you learn how the subway and busses work. If we returned to New York we would certainly consider staying here again. A fantastic week exploring New York and Macy's (round the corner) has loads of bargains.	
Jul 24 2009	Great location best value	Booked through Priceline. Stayed here for 4 nights with wife and 4 kids (7-16). Plenty of room, great view from Rm 717. Quiet and safe. Excellent laundry facility, Penn Central has everything needed at good prices (CVS, Breakfast, etc). much cheaper than breakfast buffet. Close to Macy's, subway, and Times Square. Second stay and would stay again.	
Jul 23 2009 	Lovely hotel and great service	Much better than we expected after reading of tired rooms in some reviews They certainly arent up to the minute in decor but were spotlessly clean. Staff were, without exception, warm, friendly and professional. Only slight drawback was when we checked in as our room wasn't ready the receptionist offered alternative rooms. We said which did she think would be the best and she suggested one which was huge and with larger beds than the room we had booked. Naively I ssumed the cost would be thesame until I looked at the receipt in the taxi as we left. Yup, more fool me! Note to self; check receipt before leaving and don't be too polite to ask &quot;Will that cost us more?&quot;when offered alternative rooms! Would stay there again if travelling with kids tho.	
Jul 23 2009 	Great location mid priced hotel	My friend and I were first timers to New York and this proved to be a great location. We walked everywhere and with Macy's, Starbucks, a little grocery/deli next door, and one of the best italian restaurants I've eaten at just a few steps from the hotel, this was a great find. Sure, the rooms are a little dated, but we found them very clean and spacious. My room smelled of smoke when I checked in, so I rung reception and they changed my room no problem - to a much bigger room in fact and went out of their way to ensure I was happy with the new room. The conceirges were very helpful. We ate at the restaurant twice the the food was fine and similarly priced to restaurants elsewhere. The only negative was the noise - I was near the fire station and they seemed to come and go all night. I suspect in NY, being the city that never sleeps, a lot of noise is fairly typical, so it probably isn't any worse that anywhere else. Overall a very good location and competitvely priced for New York.	
Jul 22 2009 	Comfortable stay	Centrally located for travel to-from Penn Station. Small kitchen handy for self catering breakfast and pricey shop nearby for fruits etc. Fire brigade next door could wake you up every night! Also very central for walking to all major attractions such as Central park, Macey's, Times Square etc..	
Jul 22 2009 	What a great place. Beyond our expectations. Will definitely stay again!	We stayed here for 4 nights and found our room very large (for New York) with a separate bedroom and a pull out couch in the living room. In order to save money we used the kitchen every day--it all worked and the fridge was full size. The staff at the concierge desk went out of their way to make our stay pleasant, gave us directions, and they always asked if there was anything else we needed. It is in a central location (right across from Madison Square Garden), clean, comfortable, and a true bargain. The street noise took a day to get used to but I loved leaning out the window and watching the cabs and people mill around Penn Station. We will stay here again next time we're in New York.	
Jul 22 2009 	Staying at hotel is a plus in order to be close to everything	The hotel is located in a great spot. It is across the way from Penn Station/Madison Square Garden. It is close to all the spots you will want to visit and those that are kinda far, you can take the subway. The hotel staff are great and very helpful. The outside of the hotel and the lobby are nice. The rooms are roomy but do need to be updated alittle. It's a clean hotel and they offer a selection of pillows and kits that can be helpful. The bar and restaurant are nice but alittle pricey. Most of the rooms do not offer much of a view unless you are facing 7th Ave. I stayed in a 1 bedroom suite that had 2 bathrooms, a living room and a kitchen. It can get noisy due to the traffic, but not a big deal.	
Jul 22 2009 	Great hotel	We have just returned from a 5 night stay with our 2 teenage children. We had a 1 bedroom suite which was really large and had 2 bathrooms. Location was really good just a short walk to time square and only 2 blocks from Macys. We stay at the Dumont last year and both hotels are equally good. The Aveda products are a real bonus! Would stay at either hotel if I were going back to New York	
Jul 19 2009 	Pleasant stay great location large comfortable suite	My husband and I just spent 2 nights at the Affinity Manhattan, based on other trip advisor reviews. If you come into Penn station by train, the location is great--practically across the street--so having luggage is no problem. Check in was quick and clerk very friendly, the best part was that we arrived at 10:00 am on a Friday morning and we were able to check into our room! Within a few minutes of settling into the room, they delivered an &quot;experience kit&quot; (see below) that I had ordered on-line. We reserved a 1-BR suite--it has 3 separate rooms: kitchen, living room and bedroom. It really has the feel of an apartment rather than a hotel room, so if that appeals to your needs, I highly recommend it. Of course the suite is more expensive that smaller rooms, and I didn't see any of the smaller rooms, so I cannot comment on them.Pros:The suite is spacious and bright, with large windows. We were on the 26th floor with wonderful, sweeping views of the city.Living room has sofa, comfortable chair, large very nice desk, TV and 2 large windows. The sofa in LR is a pull out bed, so this would work well for couple with children.Kitchen stocked with basic supplies, including coffee pot, toaster, dishes, etc. Stove, full size refrigerator, and microwave--you could cook a meal here if you really wanted to (but pots and pans limited). Has a window. Housekeeping washes the dishes (they don't always do that). A little store just a few doors down the street has the basics you might need, or bring them with you.Room was clean, bed very comfortable. TV and 2 large windows. You can choose the types of pillows on the bed.Also, when you make your reservation, go to their website and order an &quot;experience kit,&quot; which is a little perk that Affinia hotels offer. Great mid-town location easily accessible to Penn station, Madison square station. We felt safe in the area, even in the evening because there is a lot of activity.Cons--we didn't find any of the cons to be a problem, but some folks might.This didn't bother us, but this is an older hotel and is not luxe (although the lobby is very pretty--also notice the beautiful, old elevators). Room was furnished more like someone's apartment--a mix of furniture--not all matching hotel type furniture. I can be picky about hotels, but I found this kind of &quot;retro&quot; and comfortable.Bathroom is very small and not fancy. No tub just a shower, but it was large and water pressure and temperature worked fine.Window air conditioners--but they cooled well and we didn't think they were noisy or bothersome. You are able to adjust the temperture.	
Jul 16 2009 	Excellent	My husband and I stayed there July 1 to 5/09. Four night stay. They upgraded us as they new we were celebrating our 25th wedding annivesary and got a suite with a separate bedroom, full kitchen, living room and a large balcony with table and chairs overlooking Madison Square Gardens. Incredible. People were all friendly and the concierge was very helpful with all our questions. We will definitely be staying at the Affinia Manhattan again. They made it very memorable for us.Happy Patrons from Toronto, Ontario Canada	
Jul 15 2009 	Great Value Location for Family of 5	Hard to find rooms for family of 5 in NYC. Glad I listened to reviews as this hotel was perfect for our family getaway. Stayed here June 25th- 30th in 1 bdrm deluxe and will definitely stay again. Arrived via Amtrak train at Penn Stn, across the street. Easy access to subway. Very large rooms - with 3 teen boys, good to have space. Frig very handy for cold drinks, etc. Very clean, well-kept rooms - liked that we could open windows, nice breeze. Easy walk to Times Square, Broadway. Concierge very helpful. Recommended Tick Tock diner for quick breakfast, Antique Cafe for more leisurely one. Look forward to returning!	
Jul 14 2009 	Excellent choice in Midtown	Me and my wife spent part of our honeymoon at the Affinia, from June 12th to June 22nd. We got an excellent deal at Travelzoo (150,00/day with taxes), which for Midtown is an excellent price.We got a studio suite, which had excellent space, a small kitchen with a fridge, oven, toaster and coffee make, and pots and pans. Some complain about the size of the bathroom, but for us it was more than enough. You could see that the room is a bit old, but it's very well kept and clean.I didn't try the room wi-fi, but they have a business center with internet access in the lobby, which was a bit expensive. They have a concierge at the center of the lobby which can arrange tickets for several attractions, very handy and with nice service (especially from Ashley). We didn't try Niles, the restaurant next door, which also offers breakfast service.Location is excellent, right across from Penn Station. We got a Metrocard unlimited for a week, which is a great bargain, since you can travel by subway throughout the entire island 24 hours a day. We never felt unsafe walking the streets and subway at night.We got from JFK using the Air Train and the LIRR, and had only to cross the street to get to the hotel. It's not very good if you have a lot of bags though, since you have to go up several floors from Penn Station to the street, and Penn Station is very busy all day long.I'd definitely recommend the Affinia!	
Jul 13 2009 	Great location for 1st time visitors to NYC	Just back from one week in NYC which was great and exhausting! Journey in from Newark Intl was nice and easy and arrive at Penn Station literally over the road from the hotel - great! Got our key and see that we were on floor 23 of 27 ...good start - the higher the better! Turns out we had a view from the lounge and bedroom of the Empire State Building! Yay! Really good sized accomodation apart from the bathrooms. The saving grace was that we had 2 bathrooms so at least it was not too much of a squeeze but they really are tiny - shower only, no bath. Really good amount of storage, folder out bed/sofa and chair. Kitchenette was basic - we never really used it though but looked like a lack of pans, kettle etc but you're really not going there to use it right? We had a suite with seperate bedroom was great. Safe in room. Cleaning service was pretty basic in that they seemed to make the bed and maybe change the towels but it was fine. We did not really need to use the front desk but there is a dedicated info area during core hours. Bar was clean. Location great for first timers as near the station, main links to tube and obvious sites such as Empire State, Rockerfeller, Macys, Bryant Park etc etc. Even with tubes you will walk a lot so bring only flats! Number of cafes nearby so no probs with your breakfast bagel or all you can eat! Suggest you nget takeaway food and head to Bryant park nearby for chilled out lunch on one of your first days - ease yourself in. Recommend Top of the Rock (go early- no Qs during week at 930am when we went), Staten Island Ferry (as it's free) to get your Statue of Liberty and profile pics of NYC....Soho/Nolita etc definately worth it if you like shopping - do that early and then chill out fo lunch...so much more! Oh and definately get to a Broadway show - we called up on Tues and got tickets directly from box office for Thurs for Phantom - $26.50 each and views were fine for that price, it's a relatively small theatre....Hotel is pretty noisy but I would imagine most places are - we were 23 floors up with side windows so if poss request above floor 23 at the side. Air con is very very loud. Better to leave one on in the lounge and then leave your bedroom door open.Decor okay but place is, as others say, in need of an uplift. It was just a room only then it would appear shabby but we got a great price (hotels.com) and were so glad we got a suite. Would recommend it mainly for first time travellers as everything nearby and I would stay here again.	
Jul 12 2009 	Excellent location and good sized accommodations	Had a four night stay here and all in all it was very enjoyable. Quite spacious rooms with two queen beds, kitchenette with fridge which is a plus (but with four people we had only cups, bowls etc for three!, also there was a stove but absolutely no pots, pans, microwave reheating dishes etc.) We also had a sofa bed which gave our teenaged daughter her own bed. They have a pillow menu (which excited aforementioned teenager) plus offered walking tours of New York on ipod for free - a good bonus for those that want to DIY. Across from Madison Square Gardens, a short stroll to the subway &amp; Penn Station &amp; very close walk to largest department store in the world (Macys), also close walk to Empire State Bldg and not too far from Times Square. Also a plus is the hotel is in a police precinct and next door to a fire station and while sirens make up the New York sound scene they arent too obtrusive thru the night - it just makes for a safer area to be in. Would thoroughly recommend if you can get a good deal	
Jul 10 2009 	Loved the Affinia!	My husband and I stayed at the Affinia Manhattan from July 2nd through July 8th. We had a large studio room on the 20th floor with a view of Madison Square Garden and Seventh Avenue. The room had a comfortable king sized bed, a chair with ottoman, a work desk with chair, a kitchen (with a full sized refrigerator, gas stove, cupboard space and service for two), plus a small, yet functional bathroom. My husband really liked the lighted mirror in the bathroom! The room was a little dated in terms of style, but it was serviced on a daily basis and was kept clean. We slept well every night on the comfortable bed, enjoyed the pillow selection and the Aveda products were great. I definitely recommend requesting a high-numbered floor if making a reservation here. We got the special Internet rate through Affinia's website which was even better than the Travelzoo rate that I initially reserved. The staff at the hotel was wonderful. They were very friendly and accommodating. We asked for additional toiletries and dish soap and received them immediately.We also ate at the Niles Restaurant, which is affiliated with the hotel, and got 20% off the bill since we stayed at the Affinia. I believe that special ends through Labor Day.Both my husband and I would highly recommend staying at the Affinia Manhattan because of its close proximity to public transportation, the large rooms, and helpful staff.	
Jul 4 2009 	Just ... "WOW"	I just returned from my first trip to the Affinia Manhattan...I say first, because I will absolutely be staying there the next time I go to New York. I am SO glad I found a deal for this hotel, and so glad I changed from a very small &quot;hip&quot; hotel on the upper west side that I just had to post asap. The hotel is in a great location - I walked everywhere...and I'm not a real &quot;walker&quot;. Everything was so close, though, I just headed out and ended up in Chelsea, Times Square, the Village, etc. The location, even though it was great, was not the best part. The actual hotel was wonderful! I had the smallest room category, and it was plenty large for my tastes. Much larger than many apartments in NY. The bed was ultra-comfortable, there was a small kitchen that I put to very good use, a large desk, plenty of closet space, and a fair-sized bathroom. I had read several reviews that noted the very small bathrooms, but I can't believe that these people have been to apartments in NY because the bathroom was as large as most I've seen (and larger than a few)! Even though the hotel is not new, and there were a few signes of wear and tear, everything was kept immaculately clean. Still, thought, the best part was the staff. Everyone, from check in to check out (both of which went very quickly); the doormen who always greeted one witha smile; the helpful and friendly maids; and the 2 ladies I spoke with at the concierge desk...all had great attitudes. Believe it ot not, I'm trying to figure out how I can return for another long weekend before school starts - I had THAT great of a time! I had breakfast delivered to my room once during my stay, and everything was delicious. There are also plenty of places within very easy walking distance (a few blocks) that served every kind of food you can think of. I especially enjoyed the place on 7th that specialized in mac-n-cheese, and the wonderful bar-b-q restaurant a couple of blocks away. I am SO staying here again....and the sooner the better!	
Jul 4 2009 	Great price central location awesome staff comfy beds!	When I initially booked this hotel thru priceline I didnt expect anything spectacular espcially considering the price I paid (below $140 including taxes) BOY what a shock I received!Took the bus from DC and the bus stopped right across the street from the hotel (31st Street and 7th avenue) - 1 block away from Madison Square Garden. The outside of the hotel was a bell man and baggage handler which I found to be great. The front desk was extremely busy but you could see they took their time with each check in to ensure each guest had everything they needed and all questions were answered.We checked into room 1013 which is right off the elevator but still far enough removed from the noise. I walked in to a HUGE living room which had a table for 2 with a hanging light on the right, a nice size couch in the middle of the room with a large leather foot rest &amp; TV. On the right, there was a kitchen with full range stove w/ pots &amp; pans, microwave and fridge. There was also a breakfast bar but no stools.Off to the left there was a desk with chair, large coat closet and full bathroom. Beyond that is the private bedroom with a queen size bed and twin bed, TV, dresser, large walk in closet, double mirrored sliding glass door closet and another full bathroom.The beds were extremely comfy and the hotel room was very quiet. Centrally located near Penn Station, MSG, Macys, short walk to Times Square and near the 1, 9, 2, 3, A, B &amp; C trains. Overall I have no real complaints other then suggesting they maybe replace the living room couch (it was a little tattered). I'd definitely stay here again but I cannot say I'd stay here for the rack room rate @ that time ($400).	
Jun 28 2009 	Baseball Road Trip	My brother and I did a &quot;baseball road trip&quot; and Yankee Stadium was one of the stops. We got a great price for the hotel $125 which included all taxes on Priceline. The only thing to worry about is if you want two beds. Because we got the room through Priceline, we were given one double bed. There was an extra fee to get a room with two beds. Also, request a quiet room which we did not. We were right above 7th Ave which being NY, never did quiet down.The hotel is at a perfect location. It is right across the street from Penn Station and there are subway stops everywhere. We were able to take a subway stop from 34th and 6th directly to Yankee Stadium without changing subways. We are not very picky people so for us the room was great. Having a room with two beds included a kitchen. The bathroom is very small but again, it didn't matter to us.	
Jun 25 2009 	Fabulous hospitality at front desk!	Affinia Manhattan offered a wonderful experience for me for a two night stay this summer. I had great accomodations, thanks to Janet at the front desk. Great features of this hotel included a very responsive staff in all areas. As a solo traveler, the bellmen were great with their offered assistance, especially the morning I needed a cab during rush hour and had to check out early. Also, Janet at the front desk was so cordial and helped me with my room assignment in a way that made me feel so grateful. She also let me know I could have any type of pillow I wanted (a great feature!) from the many offered on their menu selection. There's a spa, which I didn't have enough time to take advantage of, but they also stocked Aveda products in their bathrooms, which I liked. Conceierge helped me figure out how to get over to Brooklyn using mass transit. Everyone was great. The hotel itself is older, but kept up well. The location can't be beat...I was able to walk around for anything I needed. A Whole Foods grocery was only a few blocks walk away, and the Madison Square Garden was just across the street. I walked downtown to the village from the hotel too! It was a great location! I would highly recommend this hotel if you are looking for an economical place to stay that is adequate and very convenient to all NYC has to offer.	
Jun 23 2009 	Excellent experience well worth the stay	We travel to NYC frequently and have stayed many hotels there. Staying at the Affinia was great. First, they allowed me to check in at 10am. Check in was a breeze. Second the room was big and spacious with a separate kitchenette. Third, the windows can be opened which is a plus for fresh air. We got the reservation online so the price was under $150 a night. Really great experience. It was a tad noisy (next door to a fire station) and cabs honking - but it's across from MSG/Penn Sta. so that's to be expected. Walk up to Times Square and check out the new in the street seating they are experimenting.	
Jun 21 2009 	great hotel good location huge room	I stayed here after getting a great special rate. It's located right across the street from Madison Square Garden and Penn Station, so a great location if taking the train. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Room was huge - two double beds, desk, chair, dresser. Two closets and a kitchen. Only problem was the bathroom was very small, although nice sink. Hair Dryer also included, but there was no room to get dressed.There is a window air conditioner instead of central a/c which kept the room cool, but because of the window not being totally sealed/closed the noise from the outside was unusually loud. I suggest they should put double pane windows or some how seal the windows to minimize the outside noise. Otherwise the room and hotel were great.	
Jun 21 2009 	Great location - spacious rooms	Together with my husband and my parents, we stayed 7 nights at the Affinia Manhattan and were delighted with the spacious rooms and central loaction. The hallways of the hotel do need updating as do some of the rooms but the provision of a small kitchen in each room was super and allowed us to prepare breakfast each morning before heading off on our sightseeing adventures. Being opposite Penn Station also allowed us to easily travel to Long Island to visit relatives. Upon checkout the receptionist gave us clear and easy instructions on how to use the Long Island Rail to travel to JKF for our flight home. This proved an easy and cost effective journey taking less time than a taxi journey!!! All the staff were very helpful and I would definately recommend the Affinia Manhattan for its location and spaciousness. Beware though that the bathrooms in some of the rooms can be small and the showers tiny. However our two bedrooms on the 12th floor were perfect. We would definately stay here again.	
Jun 19 2009 	Great Hotel: Clean spacious and professional	I stayed at the Affinia Manhattan for four nights in June 2009. First of all, the hotel is only steps from Penn Station, which made it very convenient to get to from JFK airport via the Long Island Railroad. Its location is close enough to Times Square that you could walk, or take the subway (which is only one block from the hotel). My room was the largest NYC hotel room I've ever stayed in. The room had three closets! Strangely, it had a tiny bathroom. The size of the bathroom is the only reason I give the hotel 4 stars instead of 5. The shower stall had barely enough room to turn around in! I wish they had enlarged the bathroom by taking away one of the closets. However, the room was very clean and comfortable. I had a corner room on the 23rd floor, so I had windows on two sides. I could open the windows a bit and let some fresh air in, which was very nice. The staff was extremely friendly and professional. I would definitely recommend the Affinia.	
Jun 14 2009 	fab hotel great location	my husband and i stayed in this hotel for 4 nights, we were on the 23rd floor, the room was lovely and spacious, all the staff were friendly and helpful, when we needed advicefrom the concierge on where to eat and drink they were very helpful. Great location for everything, it was about 20 mins to half hour walk to central park from the hotel, just keep on walking up 7th avenue and you will hit most of the attractions, the rock, empire state, macy's and central park oh and not forgetting times square.Across the road from the hotel are some great bars without having to go miles, mustang harrys was great for food and drink.	
Jun 12 2009 	Top notch at a Very Reasonable Price	When we arrived, we were immediately upgraded to a suite with 2 bedrooms and 3 baths. Everything was cleaner than a whistle and the view from the 27th floor was magnificent! The rooms were spacious and charming. It was an added bonus to have a kitchen with a full-size refrigerator that allowed us to keep a few beverages chilled. The staff was most helpful throughout our stay and the hotel itself, was centrally located to almost everything. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend the Affinia to any of my friends or stay there again.	
Jun 11 2009 	Good location - Friendly staff	Hotel location is excellent. Also staff, mainly the restaurant staff is very nice. Rooms are clean and big, but the bathroom is small. The bad point is the lack of bussiness center and the meeting rooms aren´t confortable. Rooms has small kitchen well equiped.	
Jun 10 2009 	Great hotel but poor service	We stayed here in june, the hotel was very clean, excellent location, but the service(concierge) was very poor to the point of being unhelpful, which, as tourists trying to get info from &quot;locals&quot; on what to do, see, eat, was most annoying.	
Jun 10 2009 	good location however bit noisy and no curtains meant bright rooms	Overall a good stay. Clean hotel and room and of a very good size compared to when I stayed at the Hudson a few yrs ago.Bathroom slightly small, only one person at a time!!. We were on the 4th floor and u could defiantely here everything that was going on,. There is a fire station nearby. The windows had whithe blinds but these did nothing to stop the light in the morning. If u are an early starter and not got a hangover and getting in from clubbing at 5am then this aint a problem!! Also there was a convention on our floor so lots of ppl milling aroundFriendly staff and overall very good and would prob stay again but I would ask for a top floor.	
Jun 8 2009 	Great location good value for money for New York close to Time Square	We stayed for 4 nights, the room was spacious and more than we expected especially for New York. We knew that you had to pay a lot of money to have space in New York and we were pleasantly surprised with our room. It had a large lounge room with a kitchen and two bedrooms, two bathrooms. Although the bathrooms were not big they were acceptable. We were on the 28th floor and we could still hear the street noise.The only negative was that there were 8 of us and only crockery and cutlery for 4, we did ask the cleaning staff for additional but we did not get any.Madison Square Garden was straight across the road and Penn station directly next to it. The subway although grotty was a fast means of transport. Macy's was three blocks down and Time square was tweleve blocks down. We went on the sightseeing bus tour which was very informative.Central Park is beautiful as you would expect, even though it rained as we got drenched its all in the fun.The World Trade centre is being re-built so it is hard to imagine the devastation of 9/11 on that very sad day in history.We caught the free Staten Island ferry to see the statue of Liberty.There was a new supermarket opened just two blocks towards 29th street and two blocks down to 9th called the Met which had everything that you need.If you hire a car there are only 7 fuel stations on Manhattan Island.The hotel did have a business centre but it was pricy $5 for 12 minutes.They do have a coin operated laundry which is hidden away in the back were the service staff amenities are.	
Jun 7 2009 	Large Spacious rooms at Good Value	I read a lot of reviews before booking a Hotel in New york City. We wanted to stay in the mid-town near all the action, ofcourse the hotels dont come cheap in Mid-Town Manhattan. We were 7 people in our family and we had booked the 1 bedroom Suite for each couple which we got in USD 179 per room, it was a huge 500 sft Suite with a very good spacious living area, a bedroom and 2 bathrooms in some of the Suites. It was bang opposite to the Penn Station, 2 blocks from 11 storied Macy's, few blocks from Empire State Building and Time Square. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone who goes with a family and is looking for a good, spacious, clean accommodation in Mid-Town. Dont go by the negative reviews here, all hotels in NYC are Old and have Old Elevators, Old Carpet etc. But you get a Clean, properly maintained room with Very Good linen at Affinia - and thats what you need in NYC.	
Jun 5 2009 	fantastic hotel...	Enjoyed our stay at Affinia Manhattan very much. Great location by Madison square garden. Nice clean rooms including kitchen with fridge, stove, microwave. Very friendly staff. Our TV broke, so they sent an engineer prompltly to fix it. Later they delivered a bottle of wine for the inconvenience plus free pay tv for the rest of the stay. We will definetily stay there again next time in NYC. Cant wait.	
Jun 3 2009 	Excelent hotel	I was last week in the hotel. We were five people in one bedroom suite (for in the rrom and the last in the living room) and it was great. We had two bathrooms and a clean and great kitchen. Not noisy at the 18º floor. I booked trhough the web and they charged exactelly the price I knew. I will recomend this hotel, located in the heart of Manhattan.	
Jun 3 2009 	Perfect	My husband and I went to NY for our 1st wedding anniversary. We were a little skeptical seeing the reviews on here about the Affina - but we need not of worried as the people who have complained are obviously full time whingers in general life.!The affina is perfectly located within minutes of times sq, fifth avenue. Central park, the harbour, and other attractions are walkable but a cab can be taken at 7$ or so. Rooms are spacious for NY and have all the ammenites you need and its comfortable &amp; clean, yes the rooms maybe a little dated but do you come to NY to worry about the decor ?. We stayed on 13th Floor and we were happy with the noise level on this floor. If you are like us who spent all day out and most of the evening the tiredness takes over.... :)We can not thank the conceige enough I think her name was Nova who arranged restaurant reservations including a lovely italian for our actual anniversary as well as stand up comedy tickets at Carolines on Broadway. I would throughly recommend speaking to them after all they live there !! - and will show you the real NY not just Wendys and Mcdonalds ! - We were very lucky to get a good deal on this hotel as I think the general rack rate is quite expensive. You are paying prodemently for its location, but I can not fault the service, housekeeping or anything about this hotel.....	
Jun 3 2009 	Right in the heart of Manhattan spacious and clean with super-comfy beds.	Our only complaint was no coffee maker, even though we had a fairly well-stocked kitchenette. Thank goodness for the little deli-grocery next door.	
Jun 1 2009 	Will return	We stayed at the Affainia Manhattan. What a pleasant surprise. The room was very spacious. Great stay and even better value. The only down side was a small bathroom other then that I would not have any complaints. Had a nice view of the Empire State Building. I would return to this hotel.	
Jun 1 2009 	get a grip everybody	after booking this hotel, then nervously reading all the negatives reviews, i was extremely relieved to realise that people are whingers. this hotel is GREAT, the location FABULOUS, the staff HELPFUL, the rooms LARGE. Yes the carpet in the hallyway is tired, WHO CARES, yes the fire trucks, police cars are sometimes noisy, SO WHAT, if you want peace and quiet - go holiday in Antartica, you're in Manhattan, not a retirement home. Yes the bathroom is a little on the small side, so go stay at The Plaza if you want a large bathroom - STOP COMPLAINING EVERYONE and enjoy the experience.Have I mentioned the location?? ? you can walk downtown or uptown from here, it is halfway - superb. Or take the subway across the road. Central Park is about 25 min walk, 5th Avenue - walking distance as is Times Square. The Village and Meat Packing district about 20m walk. We spent 2 weeks in this hotel, and could not fault it. The best coffee, dunkin donuts next door - seriously; breakfast - tick tock diner 34th and 8th; or cosmic cafe on W31st about a 100m from the hotel. Dont miss Bleeker St Pizza in the Village and Magnolia Bakery. Balthazar for a great night out at dinner, and Pastis for the bar scene. We were 4 very satisfied travellers from Brisbane Australia	
May 29 2009 	It's definitely tired but you get what you paid for	I stayed there this past week. Like other reviwers, the place can definitely use a spruce. But they also accommodated to my requests, I've asked for a higher floor, I got a higher floor. Did not expect the window unit, but it truly was the little engine that could and spout out cool air. Luckily, sleeping w/ windows open was fine too. The room I had must've been a suite of some kind, the room itself was spacious, one Queen bed, a chaste, a desk, a well equipped kitchenette. There were 3 decent size closets, but the bathroom was 2X2 at best. Two of us girls staying there, and none of us wanted to go to the bathroom to change. I had more room in the kitchenette. Hot water took a long time to warm up, which made me feel bad for wasting water while waiting for it to warm up. The staff was definitely friendly and accommodating, except the bell men which did not offer to take my luggage. And the doorman was arguing w/ the Cabbie over business. That I can do without. But for the location, it's near where I needed to be, and close enough to alot of things.I booked the deal via Quikbook, but lucky that I checked the hotel website which offered cheaper prices than all the other discount websites. For the price I paid and not being there most of the time, that's ok. Definitely could use a bigger bathroom.	
May 29 2009 	I would not pay full price for this hotel	Stayed here May 20-24. I agree that this hotel is in dire need of a massive makeover. I can only recommend this hotel if you can find a good deal. I originally booked under a Travelzoo promo. But I checked the hotel's website a week before our trip and found an even better deal. The hallway leading to our room had a stench to it. Suite was roomy: one bedroom w/king bed and two bathrooms. Our room's linens were clean. Bathroom was clean enough, but the grout around tub area should be re-done. Blinds were dusty. Kitchen was clean enough, but they did not originally provide us with dish soap until the next day. The sole escalator only goes one-way: down. The self serve laundry area is outright creepy.	
May 28 2009 	If you're not in your room a lot it's just fine	I've read the other reviews here. I must agree, the hotel needs a make-over but it was just fine for a girl-friends getaway as we planned to shop, take in theatre, and be in the room pretty much only to sleep and cook breakfast. Having the kitchen was a plus for us as we slept in late, and were still able to grab our eggs and toast in the room at our leisure.Our room had two bathrooms which was great for us too. I'd go somewhere else with my husband though....because the hotel is tired.	
May 23 2009 	Perfect Place to stay for Central New York	We were thrilled with this hotel. The location is fantastic, so close to Penn station (for cheap airport transfer fare) and the Subway and surrounded by Delis, great restaurants and oh so delicious pancake houses. We had a junior suite which had 2 double beds, a sitting area with table overlooking view of 7th Ave, desk, usual en- suite, and best of all a kitchenette with full size fridge, freezer, microwave and cooker. Super to come back to our room with deli food, have a cold drink, gaze at the exciting New York scene below us and recharge our batteries.Ask for a corner room as you get great views and the higher the better. Hotel staff were super, friendly and helpful, and it was very clean.Loved the place and definitely would return. Worth paying that bit extra for (we paid £120 per night all inclusive).Hope this helps you. I know it's so hard choosing somewhere when you have never been before. Do realise it's right in the hub of things so if you want quiet then it's not for you. Having said that we were on 16th floor and we could &quot;see&quot; but not hear the noise!	
May 20 2009 	Tired hotel	As others have said, this hotel is in bad need of a make-over. My room had a kitchenette, which I didn't need, but it took up a lot of space in the room. Room was dark and dingy. Only window-unit for AC, which is load when working. Insulation between rooms not the best. Bed was comfortable. Too bad it wasn't a better experience, because location was great as I was coming and leaving via Amtrak.	
May 19 2009 	Large room + comfortable beds + helpful staff + great deal = happy customer!	I was in New York with a friend April 29-May 1st and we were looking for a comfortable hotel within walking distance of the major sites - and a reasonable price. After much deliberation, we chose the Affinia Manhattan.We booked an incredible deal on Travelzoo for $119/night for a Studio room.We arrived via taxi from LGA and the hotel is super easy to find - it's kiddie-corner from Penn Station! The lobby is lovely with lots of marble and chairs to hang out in. Check in took only minutes and we were up in our room.Our room was a corner room on the 25th floor and we had two very comfortable double beds with nice linens, a desk, a chair, a mini-kitchen (full-sized fridge, small stove, small sink, small counter area and dishes/pans/glasses) a large closet (plus a coat closet) and a tiny bathroom.We were very pleasantly surprised with how much room we had! So much room that we were able to take the ironing board out and leave it out our entire stay. Try that at other NY hotels!The bath was really small - definitely a one-person at a time bath. But the tile was updated, we had a window that opened and let in natural light and the shower worked great. Oh, and they have Aveda products!As I mentioned, the beds were very comfy and the linens were crisp (but soft) - and I'm really picky about my bed and linens!Outside of the room, we didn't spend much time at all in the neighborhood. We heard the place next door (Niles) was good, but we didn't have time to check it out. We had lunch at Cafe Europa just up the street one day and we walked to the liquor store about a block or two away to buy some champagne. Other than that, we walked the 10 or so short blocks to Times Square, which we made our home base for starting the day. You literally walk out of the hotel and take a right onto Seventh Avenue and you will run right into Times Square. Don't be scared by the 10 blocks...it really is a quick walk!We walked to Times Square, the Circle Line dock, Central Park, Rockefeller Center, etc. I think we only took a cab twice our entire stay.The location was also super convenient for us when we left as we walked right across the street to Penn Station where we caught a train to Long Beach.As far as service is concerned, the ladies at the concierge desk were very helpful and gave us great tips on restaurants and shows.They have room service which was pretty speedy even though the only thing I was ordering was a champagne bucket and glasses. Sometimes you get an attitude if you don't order food....The bellman were helpful with luggage and hailed a cab if we needed it.Overall, the room itself it a little tired and probably needs an update, but it was clean and comfortable and an amazing value. I wouldn't have minded paying more it was that good! We were really happy with our whole stay and there is nothing I can complain about. For us, we took the $100/night more we would have paid for a mediocre room close to Times Square and spent it on a show and a nice dinner.We never had a problem with noise like others mention in their reviews, but maybe it was because we were on a high floor.if you aren't looking for luxury and just want a nice, clean, convenient place to stay, do yourself a favor and give the Affinia Manhattan a try. My bet is you won't be disappointed.	
May 18 2009 	Good for families with kids because of space	I stayed here because I wanted close proximity to Penn station (across the street). The Pros: The room is huge by NYC standards. I had a separate kitchen and living area. I think it would be great for a family with children, and would give them plenty of room to spread out, cook, etc. The lobby is very nice and the staff are quite friendly. Location okay if you want to be sort of close to Times Square; I never really liked this location. Bed was very comfortable; Aveda products are great. The Cons: The kitchen and bathrooms are a little old; they made me feel like I was in a recent college graduate's apartment; if fact, they reminded me of my first place in Manhattan; the air-conditioners are window ACs so much of the noise (and air!) from the street come into the room; the TVs are old and reception of channels wasn't great; Internet was not free, even in the business center. Not a luxurious stay but again, great for families.	
May 18 2009 	Even though it's inexpensive I won't ever be back.	I stayed at the Affinia this past Friday night, and I will never, ever go back. Although it is relatively inexpensive, I have to say I've stayed at better for the same price in NYC. The place is severely in need of a remodel. The hallways smelled and periodically you would see white dust all over the floor where I guess sheetrock got bumped by something. I saw the same patches for two days so evidently no one bothered to clean it up. The rooms are alright. Not much better than a Holiday Inn. They have some &quot;order your own pillow&quot; thing that I didn't partake in so I can't speak to that. The beds themselves are uncomfortable and probably the worst night of sleep I've had in a while. We had coffee provided in our room, but no coffee maker. The front desk check-in people were friendly, but the woman who works at the concierge desk had an attitude and a half.There was no &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign in the room so we were awoken at 8:30am, 9am, 9:45am and 10:50am despite asking the woman to come back after check-out time. I called the front desk to ask for a late check-out and was told that the hotel was all booked. I assured the woman I wasn't trying to overstay my welcome, but under the circumstances (being awoken 4 times by housekeeping) I didn't think it was unreasonable for them to provide an extra hour...especially since there was no sign to keep housekeeping away. I was told I should've ordered a sign from the front desk when I noticed it was missing, to which I responded &quot;I didn't notice it was missing until I was woken up for the second time, AND I didn't realize they would come back four times. I would've had to answer the door for housekeeping yet again in order to accept the sign anyway.&quot; Her tone of voice was very condescending and arrogant. When I thanked her and told her I would be writing a lovely review for the hotel on tripadvisor she then offered her manager. I hung up, deciding this place, and its employees, were not worth my time. All in all, it's a cheap place to stay, but it's so cheap it doesn't even deserve the three stars it has. It would be more accurate to give this place two stars unless they do some renovating. You can find boutique places that are just as inexpensive, but that have some character. At the very least they'll be clean. Do not be fooled by the pictures of the hotel on their website. I would not recommend this place.	
May 18 2009 	If you want the best stay at the Affinia	It was our first time in NY and stayed at the Affinia, we were not dissapointed what a fantastic location the hotel was clean, comfortable, the staff were great. It was a bit noisy but thats New York for you !!! cant wait to go back WOW !!!!!	
May 16 2009 	great value and customer service	I needed a place for my family to stay during Mother's Day weekend and we couldn't have picked a better hotel. From the moment we arrived until we were walking out the door at the end of the weekend, every staff member we encountered was friendly and helpful. Most of them even remembered our names! I was so pleased with the room, location, service and value that I've since recommended it to many of my friends and will continue to do so over and over again!	
May 15 2009 	Great location but rooms need a serious remodel	To be fair, I thought this was a good hotel room for the price I paid ($119/night on Travelzoo). My biggest complaint is that their website misrepresents the hotel. It is not as lavish and upscale as it is on the website. The rooms are huge (for Manhattan) with a little kitchen and plenty of walking space. But everything was really old; the bathroom needed to be retiled and regrouted and it was an old tv. The location is also good if you're looking for mid-manhattan and close to the trains.	
May 12 2009 	hmmm brand not consistent but my stay was fine	I chose this hotel because my stay was short and it's across from Penn station with easy access to EWR via NJ transit. I stayed at the Affinia in Chicago which was newly remodeled and considerably nicer than this one. As I was walking up to the room I distinctly felt like I was in a Holiday Inn from the 1980's. What a flashback. The price reflected this though and it was kind of shabby but the basic kitchen facility was great since I love fixing my own b'fast with stuff I buy at whole foods. I wouldn't recommend this hotel for a special NYC experience but for a purely functional source of basic lodging it worked for me.	
May 12 2009 	Loved it!	We loved the Affinia Manhattan. The rooms were huge, bed was comfy, location was perfect, staff were friendly. We booked through TravelZoo and got an amazing rate of $119/night. At that price it was more than I expected. Yes, the rooms are older, but they are huge compared to other NYC hotels. It was more like your own apartment. We were on the 20th floor, so no street noise other than an occasional siren. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a great deal on a budget.	
May 10 2009 	Great Room 	We went to NYC for my wifes 40th birthday and we stayed at the Hotel for 5 nights in April. Got there just before 3pm and checked in straight away, with out a wait. Asked for a room high on a corner (via mail previously) and got a great room, with a view of the Empire State Building. The staff were very helpful and courteous throughout. The room was clean, tidy and even had a balcony area which was an exception, but a great addition. The temp got quite high over the weekend we stayed and miraculously a table/chairs and brolly appeared on the balcony, so we took advantage of the opportunity to have a glass of wine or two whilst enjoying the view. Spent some time at the Niles Bar/Restaurant next door, which was OK for some refreshment after ambling back from some sight seeing. There is a fire station and police station close by, so you do hear the sirens during the night, but, we had no real problems sleeping - other than problems caused by the time difference.We only ate breakfast there and it was good, but a bit pricey. Saw as much as we had aimed to see....Empire State, Central Park, Rockafeller Centre, Times Square, Lincoln Centre, couple of museums and a bit of shopping etc - all great and thoroughly enjoyable and all with in walking distance of the Hotel.. I would stay there again and explore more of the south of the city next time. But overall very good and would recommend the Hotel. Also would recommend the Rockafeller Centre over the ESB, not least because the ESB is part of the view.	
May 10 2009 	Good Solid Hotel	We stayed at Affinia Manhattan for 7 nights at the end of March/start of April '09. We actually only stayed 6 nights as our first night we were delayed in LA and didn't make it to NY till the next day. The hotel was exactly what we were expecting, grand lobby, dated rooms but nice and clean and a decent location for sightseeing for a first time visitor. We had a studio room (room 1918) on the 19th floor which was at the end of a corridor so no neighbours on one side. Room was large, one queen bed, desk and chair, arm chair, dated kitchen and a tiny but completely serviceable bathroom with fantastic water pressure in the shower! Room was very clean and kept clean during our stay.We found the staff to all be very friendly and extremely helpful whenever you needed them. We ate at Niles restaurant one night and really enjoyed our meal and drinks, we ate up at the bar farly early one night pre-theatre. Food was good and was reasonably priced for a hotel restaurant.On the whole Affinia Manhattan was what we were expecting and for a great price from Travelzoo ($119 weekend $149 weeknights). It was one of four NYC hotels we stayed in and even though it was older style it still measured up against more pricey accommodations in the Thompson group.We would definitely reccommend it to anyone if you can get a good price like we did.	
May 7 2009 	noisy and bad service - despite the good location	I stayed here a couple of times in the past. Overall, the hotel is nice. There are two main problems: first, it is incredibly noisy, I think that the AC is built in a way that you can hear everything that s going on in the street (even from the 15th floor!). It is much noisier than the other hotels at the same level.And furthermore, the service is bad. They really try to be nice, but probably the personnel is poorly trained. For example, they gave me a username and a password for the internet, and for 2 hours after midnight, I was in non-stop calls with them and the support team to check why I cannot connect. I verified again and again that it is indeed the right way to connect, and the lady reassured me. At the end of the day it turns out to be false, and that if I should buy the interent service and get a new username and password. I was in a business trip, with no problem buying the service, but I wasted all my night on this thing and it ruined my visit. Noise, bad service: they will not see me again.	
May 5 2009 	Nice Location and Service Room Needed Work	While I was in New York for a brief conference, I decided to actually stay at the hotel where most of the events were being held. This was a change for me. Usually I'll stay elsewhere and just make my way to the hotel. I don't have a problem with the subway, and in fact typically enjoy it, but since the rate at the Affinia was one of the better ones, I decided that it would be easier to just stay there.In general, I'm glad that I did. But you need to take it with a grain of salt, and be ready for what you'll get when you check in. Make sure that you realize that this is an older property, and you'll probably be okay with what you get when you arrive in your room.Notably, the rooms are reasonably well upholstered, but they are on the small side, and the plaster is aging, so you will see some cracks, and some of them might be on the large side. You aren't going to see central air, and in fact you won't see a thermostat of any kind.Instead, you get what is essentially a steam-controlled radiator to handle the heat that is expelled into the room. You'll also have a window unit (air conditioner) for cooling the room, but in the winter, these units are taped shut to keep cold air from coming into the room - so hope that you don't hit a hot spell or you'll have to open the window to cool things down.Finally, you may want to make sure that you don't get a &quot;17&quot; room (517, 917, etc). This is because the main steam pipe runs through the closet, and it makes the room absolutely bake. Even opening the outside window, with outside temperatures in the 30s, kept the room a nice 65 degrees, so it was bearable - but it meant that the outside noise increased quite a bit. And even when closed, those windows don't block a lot of noise.	
May 3 2009	will definitely return	We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights and got a great rate through Travelzoo. The hotel was in great location, close to everything (e.g. Penn Station and Macy's are only a block away).The staff was really welcoming and friendly and the check in process took less than 5 minutes. Our room was on the 12th floor with a views of the 7th Avenue. The room was huge with two ultra-comfortable queen size beds. There was a small kitchen with a stove, big refrigerator, a microwave, a toaster and a coffeemaker.The bathroom was nice and clean and the shower had a good water pressure. Everyone keeps complaining about the size of the bathrooms but I think it was fine. I didn't hit my elbows to the walls or get tangled with the shower curtain so the size of the bathroom was ok. Besides, you don't go to New York to spend all your time in the hotel room bathroom anyway..There was also an electric safe in the room, an ironing board, a clock-radio and a tv with about 60 channels.On our day of departure we took a black car (Lincoln Towncar) from the hotel to JFK. It only cost $55 (incl. toll and gratuity) and was a lot more comfortable than a regular cab.We recommend this hotel to anyone planning a trip to New York City. It's in perfect location, beautiful, comfortable, clean and safe. And with the friendliest staff. We'll definitely return to this hotel the next time we visit New York.	
May 2 2009 	Great Value NY Hotel	Could you ask for a better location? Across the road from Madison Square Garden and Penn Station, the Affinia Manhattan is a great value accommodation option for the sophisticated traveller looking for a budget level below 5 star. Our room was large, clean and well appointed, with separate bedroom and full kitchen which made it perfect for us traveling with three small kids. Sure the noise from 7th avenue reaches the room - the New York lullaby as we called it - but this is Manhattan! If you wanted quiet you would have gone to Vermont right? Staff were great, sharp and helpful, and the concierge desk was staffed by real pro's. Well be back, again and again.	
Apr 30 2009 	Excellent choice	My husband and I stayed at the Affinia Manhattan on 04/22-04/29, celebrating our wedding anniversary. We booked through Travel-ticker and got a great average rate of $134, for a studio with a king size bed. We arrived at JFK and took the Airtrain to Jamaica and the LIRR to Penn Station, and were in the hotel in no time and it was very cheap. Check-in was quick and the staff was very friendly and helpful. We got a really nice room on the 20th floor, with a balcony overlooking Penn Station/MSG. The room was spotless. It had a nice sized closet with plenty of room for clothes and shopping bags, with an iron and iron-board and safety box. The room also had a working desk with an office chair plus another arm chair. There was also a 6-drawer dresser, 2 nightstands, and a kitchenette with microwave, stove and a small fridge. The location can't be beat, just across from Penn Station so we used the subway every day. Macy's and 34th street shopping is only 3 blocks away and Times Sqaure only one subway station away. We would definitely go back and we would recommend it to others.	
Apr 28 2009 	A Night of Hope and Relaxation	We stayed here for 1 night following the Yankee Stadium &quot;Night of Hope&quot; event with Pastor Joel Osteen and I must say, I approve! The 1 bedroom suite was GREAT and the having TWO FULL bathrooms was a perk! My little &quot;Divo's&quot; didn't have to fight about who got in the restroom first. The location provided a little extra background noise from the emergency responder vehicles but we live in the city so we are use to it. The staff was great. Our limo broke down 4 blocks from the hotel so I called and they had our room ready when we arrived. (1 hour early!) I appriciated the extra security that was avaliable at night; they only allowed guests who had a key card past the elevators. Duncan Donuts is in the same block so that was helpful for the morning breakfast rush at a good price. Time Square was about 5 or 6 blocks and the subway access is GREAT!! I will stay here again and again.	
Apr 27 2009 	Pleasant Surprise!	We booked on a great rate through Travelzoo so we didn't expect too much. We wanted a suite so our girls (9 and 7) would have their own space for this family weekend trip to NYC. We were able to check-in early (around 12) and were given a suite on the 20th floor. The suite had a pullout sofa bed that the kids found comfortable, 2 bathrooms, a king bed in the bedroom, and a small kitchen with a full-sized refrigerator, microwave, stove, etc. The concierge desk had a dedicated computer and printer for printing boarding passes for your trip home. The bell hops were helpful and courteous. Wireless internet was available for $13.95 per day, but we didn't use it. We also didn't really explore the other facilities at the hotel. They will bring you complimentary travel-sized toiletries if you ask.The location was great, if a little noisy. We were walking distance to Chelsea, Times Square, Madison Square Park, Theater District, etc. and right across the street from Penn Station and MSG.I would recommend this hotel highly for anyone looking for a little more space in a Manhattan hotel.	
Apr 27 2009 	Affinia so good we came back twice!	We stayed here twice in March. Myself hubbie and two kids aged 9 and 6. it is in a fantastic location on 7th Avenue accross from Maddison square gardens and Penn Station, a few blocks from Macy's and Times Square etc, it is smack bang in the middle of Manhatten, a great base to explore from. The lobby is lovely and the reception staff very welcoming and informative. There is a restaurant attached to the hotel and we had a most fantastic meal here at a very good price. The kitchen is very handy for breakfast in the morning. The fridge is huge and would not be out of place in a full family kitchen, plenty of room for food , juices,or wine or beers. The bedrooms are very big, a bit dated but the beds are very very comfortable as are the pillows. I can put up with decor that is a bit dull when comfort and crisp linen is part of the deal! The rooms were made up each day ( maybe one day was missed, can't remember now!) and there was a change of towels every day too. We stayed in a studio suite first which had two queen beds. When we returned to Manhatten we booked the one bedroomed suite. We had a seperate bedroom and the kids slept on a convertable sofa bed. We had two bathrooms with the one bedroom and two showers, which is a bonus so I would definitly reccmmend that if 4 adults were booking in here, but for families with our aged children then the studio suite was more than ok. The air conditioning is attached to the windows so those windows did not leave in much light. I guess the rooms were quite dark really and the lights needed to be left on during the day. Now If I was spending a lot of time in the hotel during the day it would really bug me. II would return here for the comfortable beds &amp; pillows, the clean white linen... the brilliant location.. the nice staff.. and the very good value for money for a manhatten hotel.	
Apr 26 2009 	Great Location	The location of this hotel is excellent. Macy's one block away; across the street from Penn Station; and two blocks from 2 different subway stations. I arrived at the hotel at 11am and my hotel room was ready. I prefered a room on a higher floor so I would not have to hear the NYC traffic, but I had to manage with one on the 5th floor. Noise level was not bad at all, although I did not have a view. We spent most of the time outside of the room anyway, so it was fine. The room was very clean; and was a nice size for NYC standards. Comfortable bed too!! I'd definately stay there again! The staff was very helpful as well.	
Apr 26 2009 	Shabby but quieter than expected	Other reviewers are correct when they say that the lobby is far nicer than the actual rooms. I've really never seen such a contrast; it's almost like they're implicitly saying that they only need your business once.I don't get too hung up on perfection in a room, so the shabby floor was fine by me - it was clean, as was the rest of the room. The air conditioner was a piece of garbage; it's hard to imagine it working well in the summer. It was basically a vent to the outside world, so I felt fortunate to be in this room on a nice spring evening - not too hot, not too cold.For some reason, I was put in a room directly across from the elevators - this was clearly a handicapped-accessible room. I wasn't too happy with this - the hotel didn't appear to be anywhere near full, so I'd think a room by the elevators would be a last resort. I was worried about foot traffic keeping me awake, but it ended up not being an issue at all.On the 16th floor, I could still hear the street noise as if I was on the 1st (again - the AC unit was basically a hole in the window). Being across from Madison Square Garden on the night of a Ranger's playoff game made me nervous about getting a good night's sleep (as did the incessant cab honking). But around 10:30 it all died down, and I was able to sleep just fine.All in all, I expected to have a lot of trouble sleeping, but ended up getting plenty of rest without a problem. The hotel is not sparkling new, but it is clean. Still, I think for the money, one could do better nearby - either with a nicer room for the same price, or a cheaper room that's equally as nice (or not) as one in the Affinia.	
Apr 24 2009 	Great hotel perfect location!	We arrived at the hotel at around 1:30. The doorman was initially unsure to whether we the room would be ready; luckily it was. We were checked in by the pleasant staff surprisingly quickly. Our room was on the 17th floor and it was spotless. The room was large, however the bathroom was, as everyone has already said, on the small side, but it was fine, however the bath could have done with a good scrub because it looked a little worn, but I was just amazed at having a bath! Every day we got fresh towels and toiletries as well as the bed being made everyday.The location was so great and everything was so accesible. Macy's was a two minute walk down the street, and Madison Square Garden and Penn Station were opposite the actual hotel. Also access to the subway was great as there are two stops that we used a lot within five minutes walking distance. We only got a cab from the airport and never in the city - the subway is not as threatening and uncomfortable as I thought it would be so we used it all the time, it was amazingly cheap too. I loved the fact that even after one day the area of the hotel felt familiar and unthreatening. Even when we wandered home at five in the morning the area was still a little busy with people and there was still a doorman to welcome us back.The conceirge (don't think I've spelt that right!) service was good too; we only used it once to organise a tour and they also cashed my traveller's cheques with them with no hassle. We ate at Niles, the restaurant next to the hotel, for breakfast, and it was one of the best meals we had in New York. It was tasty, reasonably priced with a quick service and proper dining experience. It was also busy in the evenings and after 5pm when everyone had finished work. We would also recommend that you go to some of the local Irish pubs, I had one of the best nights out ever in New York.The room was high up and towards the back of the hotel, so our view was of a water tank and some other buildings, so nothing special. But there was little noise, apart from the occasional fire engine siren, but nothing major. We were also situated next to the service elevator which would bother some I guess, but it didn't bother me or my friend at all. Also whilst we loved the fact that we got to watch American tv, the actual connection could be lost for hours if we went through it too quickly, so we basically stuck with MTV. All in all we could not have asked for a better hotel, I know there have been some negative reviews regarding that it is quite dated, but we really liked that it felt homely and it was such a good place to unwind and chill out. When I go back to New York I would absolutely have to stay at this hotel again, it was simply great.!	
Apr 23 2009 	Amazing location good hotel.	My friend and I stayed in the affinia for a 4 day shopping break. The location is amazing, 10 mins from time square and 5th avenue and with the subway across the road getting around was really easy. When we first arrived we were given a standard room which had one bed in, seeing as there was two of us, this was not a great start. The hotel blamed the agent that booked the room, so we went to see it and it was a shoe box. The room had a double bed and a tv on the wall, that was it. We decided to upgrade which we had to pay for ourselves despite a heated debate with the check in staff, but they would not budge. It cost us £200 to upgrade to a suite which had two queen beds and a kitchen! This room was fab, loads of storage space a huge kitchen and a small living area, everything we would have expected...accept for the bathroom which is probably the size of a caravan bathroom, I have never seen anything so small, but it did what it needed to do whilst being very amuzing!! We had a view straight out onto Madison Sq gardens and yes it was a little noisey but we were 15 floors up and by the time we got back to the room we were to tired or drunk to care! Niles bar is nice and conveniant, but expensive, Harringtons bar across the road is a great irish bar and has better prices, but with time square just down the road you really are spoilt for choice. This hotel has is perfectly placed for everything you could need, just make sure you get the right room first time!!	
Apr 23 2009 	Perfect Location	First time in New York and delighted that we chose the Affinia Manhattan. Having seen the price of hotels in New York (high!), we were very happy to have booked direct with the hotel during their 9-day sale and got an excellent price. Our room, on the 17th floor was excellent. We had two large beds, a big lounge area with full sized sofa, proper dining room table and a large kitchen area. The kitchen included a full sized cooker and fridge/freezer and microwave, plus all the pots and pans, crockery etc that you might need. In addition, there was a good, modern coffee maker with fresh coffee (and tea) being replenished daily. The closet was a good size and contained an iron and ironing board and an all important safety deposit box inside the closet. The bathroom had a bath (tub) and overhead shower and contained a hair-dryer. The room was kept spotlessly clean by the maid service and we found all the staff helpful and courteous. If people want to be picky, the bathroom was rather small, but as mentioned, it was always kept clean with towels being changed daily, along with replenished (good quality) toiletries. The hotel is ideally situated in the heart of Manhattan and opposite Penn Station. Even though New York is a 24 hour city with heavy traffic constant sirens, we found the room to be a haven and the noise never kept us awake (must have been all that walking!). Hope to return to New York in the not too distant future and the Affinia Manhattan will be our first choice – great hotel and could not fault it.	
Apr 22 2009 	We've stayed here 5 times now - can't beat it for location 	I don't think that you can beat this hotel for location and service. It's right accross the road from Madison Square Garden, The Empire State Building is only 2 blocks away, as is Macys. Everywhere else is in easy reach as your right in the middle of the city. We've stayed here 5 times and each time we've been impressed with the rooms - they're HUGE and have everything you could need. Yes some of the decoration or furniture is looking a bit tired, but I don't go to New York to stay in the room and gaze at the furniture! The rooms are clean and the beds are very comfortable - just what you need after a hard day shopping and sight-seeing.Try Mustang Harrys (accross the street &amp; one block down) - great food, atmosphere and service at really reasonable prices. Try the restaurant/bar next-door to the hotel for breakfast. It's also great for a cocktails!We found all the hotel staff to be really friendly and helpful. Be sure to ask they have a room with a terrace available - great views of the Downtown skyline.	
Apr 22 2009 	Excellent stay - very central	Lovely hotel and very central when visiting NYC for the first time. We are 2 women in our early 30s. Our room was on the 15th floor and at teh side of the hotel, so there was no traffic noise. We booked a room with two double beds and were unsure if it would be as we expected. The room had two double beds which were extremely comfortable, a smallish bathroom and a small kitchen with coffee maker, oven, fridge and accessories. The staff were very pleasant and helpful and tehre was always a alovely atmosphere around the hotel.	
Apr 20 2009	Fabulous Hotel apart from cockroach	Spent a week at this hotel - for my 40th birthday. Great location, large impressive rooms. Lovely to be able to do cups of tea in room &amp; use the fridge. Bed very comfy. Staff friendly. Generally a very good hotel. Only downside was finding a cockroach on my kitchen floor when we got back 1 night. They eventually removed it for me (they didn't seem very surprised or shocked) &amp; gave us a free brunch at Niles next door and a can of cockroach spray !!!! Use supermarket in Penn Station for milk/water; and eat at Mustang Sally's - great american experience - turn left as u come out of hotel, walk 2 mins and cross the road.	
Apr 18 2009 	COMFORTABLE FRIENDLY GREAT LOCATION	We are a family of 5 and had 2 suites, very clean, comfortable and spacious for us all, extremely comfortable beds and lovely fresh white bedding, its a shame bathrooms didn't match standard, very tired looking, needed redoing. We requested high level rooms with views if poss, we were very happy that we had brilliant views on the 8th floor. (shame about the dirty windows but I suppose this is New York). All through our stay we found the staff extremely helpful and friendly. We were happy with location as this hotel is very central, 10 mins Times sq. 10 mins Empire State, 5 mins Macey's, opp. Maddison Sq. Gardens and Penn station. We walked just about everywhere. . Overall we were very happy with this hotel it was good value for money, would definately recommend it . We booked our trip for 3 nights but would reccomend 5 nights, so much to see.	
Apr 17 2009 	Tired and Noisy Hotel good location though	We had 3 nights at this hotel, but would not stay here again. The Shelburne Murray Hill is cheaper and way better. The lobby is impressive, but so what, the rooms are tired and in need of renovation, small bed, comfortable though, big rooms, yet tiny bathroom with the toilet located so close to the bed its ridiculous. Shower was tiny and needed re-tiling. The worst thing however was the noise. I know its NYC but even with earplugs it was impossible to get a good night sleep. 7th ave is one of the busiest roads in manhattan, cabs constantly honking and regular ambulances and fire trucks going by, so I would stay on a less busy street next time. Not worth the money when you can stay at the shelburne for about $50 less per night.	
Apr 16 2009 	COCKROACHES	This hotel is awful. The website is totally misleading. The carpets and furniture are old and dirty, the windows don't fit properly and it is noisy.We found a large (and alive) cockroach in our kitchenette. we left it for the staff to see and received no comment or explanation from themWe booked suites and the staff tried to palm us off with a normal room advising us not to use Expedia which , they said, lies about the hotel.We also paid over $300 a night based on the website.The only saving grace is the fitness room which is good.Please don't stay at this hotel, there are so many others which offer much better value for money and quality.	
Apr 16 2009 	Great Stay! Wonderful Hotel	My kids and I stayed here last summer for six nights. Sense none of us had been to Manhattan before it was very nerve racking to pick a hotel. After researching like crazy, thanks to trip advisor, I finally picked the Affinia Manhattan. It was wonderful, the best vacation we had ever been on. All of the staff was great, our room were always clean I couldn't have picked a better place. We stayed in one of the rooms with a terrace. It was truly amazing, a wonderful place to sit in the mornings and evenings, and such a view! I am hoping to go back next fall, and will stay in the same room if possible. GREAT PLACE TO STAY	
Apr 16 2009 	Good and not so good.	We are a family of ten most of us in New York for the first time, we arrived at the hotel at about 3.30 in the afternoon, we had booked four rooms we got two rooms right away then my daughter husband and two children were told there was only one bed in their room no bed for the children which we had already paid for the girl on the desk said they had no more rooms after we asked to speak to the manager they suddenly found a family room, my husband and I were told we would have to wait two hours for a room when we eventually got it it had not been cleaned, before we left for the holiday I emailed the hotel and asked for rooms on a high floor with good views my room had a blacked out window and was on the lowest floor.Now for the good points the rooms were spacious,very clean, with lovely comfortable beds with nice bedding, the shower was also good.We did get compensated for our problems when we arrived,they gave us a free breakfast a bottle of wine and fruit so it all turned out ok in the end.	
Apr 13 2009 	Best holiday ever!! Could not fault hotel it was fantastic!!	We booked the affinia hotel as we got a good price for the hotel and flights and we thought it was in a very good location. It was easy to walk everywhere from our hotel. Prior to going, we had emailed them and asked if we could have a high floor room facing the empire state building to which them replyed they would do their best. When we landed in jfk, we got a bus to our hotel from new york airport service which we had booked online before going. It cost two of us $58 for both of us return. When we arrived it looked very nice on the outside. Checking in was fast and easy and we were greeted by loverly staff. They told us our room number which was on teh 24th floor (2414). when we got in the room room we were pleased to find a kitchen and a terrace.The bathroom was a little small but we it was really clean and good for what we needed. Our bed was really big and room was a nice size. It was not very quiet in the sense that whatever time in the day, you alwaysheard noise whether it was fire engines (as there was a fire station near our hotel), cars. This was not a fault of the hotel, i am sure you will hear this is any hotel as all of new york is busy Anything we needed for the duration of our stay was no problem for any of the staff. It took approx 10 mins to walk to time square from our hotel, maddison square gardens is oppisite our hotel and macys is about a 5 min walk. When seeing down town (ground zero, statue of liberty etc) we got a subway from opppisite our hotel, saw the sites then walked back to our hotel. I think it is about 4-5 miles but it was deffo worth it as we were able to see the financial district, china town and little italy. We were also reccomended a steak restaurant called Ben Bensons steak house which is on 52nd st, between 5th and 6th avenue (check with your hotel on that one but i am sure thats rights). We had the best steak we had ever eaten there. The meal came to $150 which is about £100. Although it is expensive, the meal or teh service could not be faulted and its not everyday you are in new york. Other places that we ate included hard rock cafe, planet hollywoord, ruby tuesday which are all in time square on the main street. We did not have a bad meal in new york and our eveing meal usually cost approx $60 for two of us. (That includes a tip which most restaurants added on 18%). We also found some nice delis for our dinner. one was called the stage deli which is a bit further up form rockafeller centre on 7th avenue. We had the biggest sandwich ever!!! We went up rockafellor centre at night and did empire centre in the daytime which was good. When we went to see groud zero, we visited the museam which is next door to the fire station, i would reccomend anyone to visit this- it was fantastic!!! As for the shows!!! we went to see lion king which was out of this world. it was worth every penny and the costumes were loverly. We had a brilliant trip to new york and thought the hotel helped to make the holiday extra special. When you go, try tootsie rolls which is like a chocolate toffee and butter fingers which is a chocolate bar filled with crisp layers of peanut butter- delish!!!!	
Apr 12 2009 	City break	stayed five nights at AFFINIA MATHATTAN .a group of eight of us in three rooms.location of hotel is perfect right in the centre of things within five minutes walking distance of macys / e s b / times sq.our rooms were on different floors all clean ,spacious.Niles bar on ground floor is friendly .staff very helpfull giving advice on getting around New York .Harringtons across the road from hotel serves good food at a reasonable price and there is a Deli beside hotel also.we used gray line tour bus great way to get around hop on hop off as you want to .the different staff on these buses all had there own views on Manhattan making in very interesting .everyone wants to sit on top so its very much pot luck when waiting.if your into photography try to get Nelsons bus as the guide who name escapes me sets up some great shots.when planing your day take into account airport type security at attractions and allow time for same.eg one hour for us at Ellis Island ferry .taxi from j f k costs$60 includind tolls and tips there are other options train is cheapest take airtrain to jamacia then on to penn station oppsite hotel.	
Apr 8 2009 	Absolutely horrible.	The room condition was dismal.. the carpet was old and dirty, the furniture was so worn that I didn't want to sit on the couch, the walls were brown and seemed dirty, the water backed up in the sink and tub, the bed creaked and I didn't want to walk on the carpet without socks! I can't imagine ever coming back to this hotel and will advise people not to stay there. I did request a recently renovated room or a &quot;cleaner&quot; room and was told that there was no room like that. With such a great location, it is a shame that this hotel has been allowed to go to seed like this.. and to charge this amount of money is ridiculous.	
Apr 6 2009 	Good Location	We booked the Affinia Manhattan through Virgin Holidays as it worked out much cheaper than booking flights and hotels separately.We wasn’t sure what to expect given a few mixed reviews on here, but for the money it seemed OK so went ahead and booked it.The Virgin Atlantic flights from Heathrow were good, we checked in online and printed our own boarding passes so all that had to be done was to drop off the bags on arrival at T3.We hadn’t booked transfers, so we opted for a taxi; the Virgin Holidays rep greeted us and pointed us in the direction of the official taxis. They are a flat rate to anywhere in Manhattan, $45 plus toll, $5 and plus tip, so it was about $60. There are cheaper ways, but this was nice and convenient.Check in at the hotel was quick, no problems there, we had requested a high room; we got one on the 24th floor. It also had a little balcony which was nice, though we didn’t really use it much as we were always on the go. The room was big, we’ve not stopped in NYC before so can’t compare it to others, but it was big compared to other cities. The only downside was that the bathroom was very small; we’d happily have given up some of the kitchen area for a larger bathroom! The room itself is a little dated and tired, but not too bad, the bed was comfy and the sheets, towels etc were all OK and clean. I guess that if the room was thoroughly modern the price would probably be double given the location.It’s location is really good, especially for the first time visitor. It is right opposite MSG/Penn Station. If you come out of the exit next to Niles, you’re right on 7th Avenue, so Time Sq is an easy walk straight down 7th. There is a Starbucks over the road and a couple of bars, we went into Harringtons a few times, which is just over the road, we watched a Knicks game in there one night as the tickets at MSG were a little on the expensive side. If you want to watch a game, I’d recommend buying your tickets well in advance. Macy’s is close by also should you want to go shopping! We walked almost everywhere! Including all the way down to Battery Park for the Staten Island Ferry and then on to the Brooklyn Bridge!If possible I’d recommend you go to Time Square during the week as when we when on the weekend it was heaving! We also enjoyed going to Central Park, it was nice walking around there and a world away from the bustling streets only a few minutes away! Getting around is easy due to the way the streets are. There are always loads of taxis about also should you need one, just make sure you have the address ready.We had some excellent food while we were there. Notably: Maze by Gordon Ramsay, The Spotted Pig amongst others.We found beer and wine quite expensive in NYC, I’m sure there were cheaper places, but generally you are looking at $6-7 for a beer (pint) and $8+ for a glass of wine, though the food always seemed good value for money.In summary. We enjoyed our five night stay in NYC. The Affinia Manhattan gave us a hotel with a good base for exploring the city at a good price. Given you probably won’t spend much time in the room, the bits that count were good, i.e. the comfy bed, clean bedding etc.	
Apr 5 2009 	Not the best	Great location but the room we had was shabby. Expected better from a 4* hotel, the public areas are great you just get a bit let down when you get to your room.	
Apr 5 2009 	Great location and value	We were in town for an event at Madison Square Garden. We arrived by train. We chose the hotel based on location. It was perfect - right across the street from Madison Square Garden and Penn Station. So convenient! But also centrally located to head off exploring in all directions. Based on low price, we were not sure what to expect, but were pleasantly surprised. The staff was exceptional! Rooms were neat, clean and surprisingly large for NYC. We could not ask for more. Would definately stay here again!	
Apr 5 2009	Slap bang in mid Manhattan...excellent location!!!	I am really glad that I chose to stay at the Affinia Manhattan...as recommonded by other trip advisor reviewers! When we arrived we were checked in straight away and taken to our room on the 13th floor. I was travelling with my mum and knew that we had only booked a queen bed but the very helpful and friendly receptionist said that he could change us to a double queen room the night later at no extra cost, but there wasn't one available that night! This was a bonus as we didn't expect this!!The first room was medium sized with a kitchenette, clean and had a view of the tip of the Empire State Building. The only down side was the bathroom was really small (not really a problem) but it was in need of abit of a revamp and wasn't spotlessly clean. Otherwise, we were happy with the room!The next day we went to see the same gentleman who had checked us in and took our safe items to be put in the reception safe (this is very safe as both staff and yourself need keys to access it) while the hotel staff arranged for our bags to be moved to our new room...saving us alot of time and energy!After a long day in the city we came back to collect our key to the new room on the 24th floor....and we were blown away! It was double the size, 2 queen beds, a modern larger bathroom, bright kitchenette and a huge balcony (don't think that many have balconys either)! It didnt have the view of the Empire State building but this did not matter in the slightest. The noise in the 2nd room, being on a higher floor and at the rear of the hotel, was similar to the 1st room...you hear police/fire engines and taxi horns in New York all the time so you get used to it and doesn't disturb your sleep.Also the beds are the comfiest we have ever slept in and this really counts when you have a busy day in Manhattan!Overall, I would definately recommend this hotel especially for the LOCATION...round the corner from the Empire State and Macys (5 mins) and about 10 mins walk to Times Square. Absolutely brilliant! Oh and for a fab breakfast diner go to Andrew's which is on 7th Avenue on about 36th Street...turn right outside the hotel and you'll walk upto it on your right...they do a great variety of food at reasonable prices and the staff are great!!!	
Apr 3 2009 	Good value but bring ear plugs if you want so sleep!	For the &quot;special price&quot; we scored on Expedia, we got very good value: large bedroom with 2 full beds, 2 bathrooms, decent sized kitchen. I don't know too many other Big Apple hotels that would have accommodated our family of 5 without breaking the bank. The major problem was that it was almost impossible to sleep, between seeming 24-hour construction, intrusive church bells, and the rowdy Penn Station / Madison Square Garden crowd - even with the windows closed. Normally I'd count on turning the air conditioner on to fan mode for some white noise, but they had the air conditioners covered up. Not a place for a peaceful stay.	
Mar 30 2009 	Don't let the Lobby fool you- unless you're on Spring Break this hotel is awful.	After several good Priceline deals in nice hotels over the last few years I finally hit the bad apple. The Affinia is like the nerd at school who is trying to be cool but just can't pull it off. The lobby looks ok- it certainly is spacious but the service from check-in to check-out is mediocre and money grubbing. The rooms havent been updated in probably 20 or 25 years and I wore flip flops on the disgusting carpet in the room.As for the Priceline element- I think the Affinia offers up their former &quot;maid's room&quot; next to the incredibly noisy service elevators for Priceline customers and then when the complaint inevitably comes they offer the chance to upgrade for another 40 dollars. Feels like a scam to me and coupled with the shoddy old rooms is enough to make me never stay there again. Tood bad because the location across from Penn Station is great.	
Mar 30 2009 	Great city - good central location	We had a fantastic time in New York, our 8 year old son loved it and loved the gorilla the hotel left on the bed - ok you had to pay for him, but it was a cute idea.Hotel is in a good central location, easy to walk to loads of sites and shopping in Macys, sephora and old Navy to mention a few.Lovely little greek cafe across the road and a 5 minute walk, restaurant/bar Niles was nice as well.We got a deal on lastminute, half the price of the hotel website. We got a inside room near the lifts, but it was not a problem and we all slept like logs in a lovely quiet warm, clean room. The little kitchenette was great for grabbing some toast and coffee and getting going early - we were at the top of the empire state building at 9 am.The tenement museum in the lower east side is definitely worth a trip - really interesting. And we loved the polar bear in the small zoo in Central park - he looked like he was having a lot of fun.Not a cheap holiday, but New York is a great place for a visit - whatever your interests or age.	
Mar 28 2009 	Great location not such a great hotel	The location of the hotel is very good, its on 7th avenue and 32nd street. Right opposite Maddison Sq Garden and Penn Station.When we arrived at the hotel we got there a little before the check in time and our room was not ready, but they were able to store our luggage and we went for a walk while we waited for the room.The location of the hotel is very close to Macey's and the Empire State Building, while walk 5 minutes more towards the direction Central Park and you are at Times Square. We were able to walk most places, though we did take the subway when we went to see the Statue of Liberty.If you would rather not pay for the privilege of getting a boat to the Statue of Liberty then take the Statten Island Ferry - this will take you to Statten Island and back and is free. You will need to zoom in to take a photo of the Statue though - but you get a great view of the docks and city landscape.I wasn't greatly impressed with the room, mine was on the 9th floor but was still noisy from the noise of the city traffic. The room was very warm and even though i turned the radiators right down, that didn't seem to make any difference. While the bathroom is the smallest I have ever seen.The cooking area was very useful though, and the fridge was very good. Needed a kettle really, though I just used the microwave to boil water for drinks. The coffee maker took ages and the water still wasn't hot.I really liked New York, there is lots to see and do - if you have children take them to Toys R Us in Times sq and have a go on the ferris wheel, there is also an animatronic t rex which is very impressive. While my wife loved the shops on 5th avenue - well mostly just the shop windows! Personally I loved going up the Rockafeller Centre and seeing the city landscape and the Empire State Building.We also went Ice Skating in Central park which I recommend.I think New York has something for everyone and I would go again, I just wouldn't choose this hotel. Though the hotel staff are great, especially the bell boys.	
Mar 26 2009 	huge rooms and a great location for Broadway - a real find!	we asked for 2 rooms on the higher floors and got 1 on floor 21 and 1 on floor 24, both were large, beautifully fitted out and had a separate kitchen and bathroom. The real bonus was the balcony on the 24th floor room - maybe we got it because it was my birthday- but what a plus! No breakfast room so we took the bell boy's advice and turned right out of the hotel and down the street just opposite St Francis's church there's a great little diner which seems to be frequented by NYPD so must be good. I'd certainly recommend the fluffy pancakes with bacon and maple syrup. We had a great stay here - the front desk staff were able to make restaurant reservations for us, and you can check in for your flight online free at reception ( and get your printout). The sirens from the trucks leaving the adjacent fire station seem to go off all night but I had no problem sleeping throught them and actually I loved it - all part of city life. The location is great if you're heading off to a broadway show - within easy walking distance and of course directly opposite Madison Square Garden and Penn Station ( subway line1). But best of all were the rooms - luxurious, clean and a great place to flop after a day's sightseeing	
Mar 25 2009 	Great Location for a great city...	My wife and I stayed at the Affinia in March 09 for 4 nights. Personally I am no hotel snob and therefore my review is an honest piece which highlights exactly what this hotel is. Location wise its absolutely brilliant. Opposite MSG and therefore a Subway station. Times Square is a 5 minute walk and once there other tourist venues all become apparent. The hotel itself was in my humble opinion faultless. The staff from arrival to departure were all brilliant...Maureen on the customer service desk was particularly helpful. The room was perfect for a short stay. A large comfortable bed, and yes the bathroom is small but seriously who cares? Unless your trying to squeeze a family of elephants in there then it won't be a problem. I missed not having a bath especially after miles of walking daily but the shower was hot and welcoming in the evenings and mornings. On the first night the radiators were making an intermittent clunking noise but all that needed doing was turning them down and fault fixed...we didn't need them anyway as the room was warm enough. Room service was ordered one night, and came within 15 mins. Rooms were cleaned on request and the tv had decent channels to fall asleep to in the evenings. Heck, we even had a room that looked out to the Empire State at no extra cost!!!!If your looking for value for money, excellent location with the addition of friendly staff then look no further. I would definitely go back to New York and I would also stay at the Affinia again.	
Mar 24 2009 	Probably the best budget hotel rooms in NYC!	Myself and two friends stayed here for four nights and the hotel was perfect. we had a room with a kitchen (inc fridge, oven, microwave, toaster, coffee machine (no kettle but we boiled water on the hob for our tea), sofabed, tv, we had another tv in the bedroom with two big comfy beds and if that wasn't good enough we had TWO bathrooms!We had breakfast every morning at the Bagel Mavern right across the street! Then we could walk straight Penn Station and the subway as they were right up the street.There are plenty of restaurants/take-aways/grocery stores within one block of the hotel! The area was quite noisy at night but what do you expect in the centre of New York??? Nothing earplugs wont fix! The concierge were really helpful and recommended restaurants to visit and booked us reservations and we couldn't fault the food!I highly recommend renting a bike and cycling around the Central Park 6mile loop - it was a beautiful way to see it! All in all this hotel was great with good sized, clean rooms and helpful staff - we had no problems and would defintely stay here again!	
Mar 23 2009	Fantastic hotel	From the moment I made reservations (with a terrific rate from Travel Zoo), I felt special by the amenities that were offered to me on-line. When I checked into the hotel, the front desk was professional, cheerful and friendly and the room was incredibly spacious and comfortable. We found the Concierge Desk to be a great resource (dined at the Lugo Cafe nearby, upon their recommendation), and I loved the boarding pass print-out station at the Concierge Desk. I highly recommend this hotel for its location and its thoughtful guest services, as well as the spacious rooms and gracious staff.	
Mar 23 2009 	Perfectly Fine	This is an older but clean and elegant hotel. Our extended family booked three rooms for one night only and loved that it's across from Madison Square Garden, close to Time Square and all the hubbub of New York. Surprisingly, our rooms were quiet and the staff courteous and helpful. Our teens and younger kids liked the spaciousness of the rooms.	
Mar 23 2009 	excellent hotel great location value for money	great location. very large rooms for new york, clean and frendly, good value for money ,best of all the pillows.tinafrom london	
Mar 19 2009 	Comically Misproportioned Bathroom	We had a studio suite with a queen bed. It was a huge room with the bed way at one end and the desk at the other. There was plenty of space for there to be a couch and coffee table, but instead it was just large empty space. Which was fine, but the bathroom was comically small. Probably the smallest shower I've ever seen in my life. If they were to remodel, it would make sense to take up some empty space in the main room and use it to build a shower and bathroom that a normal human could use. If they're going for the Smurf market, they have it down.Everything else was great. Location was excellent, got a great deal from Expedia, staff was friendly and helpful. We'd stay there again.	
Mar 18 2009 	I've had better stays here...	I stayed at the Affinia Manhattan one night in March 2009, as I do annually. Great location, very nice staff. 4th floor room; small view of top of the Empire State Building other than that not a great view.I have had better experiences at the Affinia. Cons: -In-room Internet access did not work, despite repeated phone discussions with technical service. -Cable TV reception terrible.-Smallest hotel shower ever.-Billing and check in issues; central reservation systems had not placed our reservations into the onsite system. Hotel overcharged our group for additional nights; we had to resend confirmations we received from the hotel prior to checkin.Pros:+Location: Madison Square Garden and Penn Station+Overall room size for NYCHotel rooms (and I believe public areas) are undergoing a major renovation beginning in May, which is good. The place could use some sprucing up.	
Mar 14 2009	Great location for typical tourist! Fridge/oven in room which is virtually unheard of in NYC	I visited NYC for my 30th birthday with my mum, neither of us had been to New York before and due to price and other reviews on trip advisor we decided on this place as our base. We arrived after an early morning flight from UK and dumped our bags in our room. It was huge and had good quality furniture/fittings although could probabally do with updating sometime soon but it was clean and well presented. It was quite noisy at night as other people mention but you are visiting a 24 hour city so what do you expect?!It doesnt keep you awake though as you are so tired from all the walking!!It was brilliantly placed for us, on 7th Ave so very central and safe. It is a couple of minutes walk to Macys which we often called into on our way back `home` for the night.Near to the Empire state/Penn Station/Madison Square Gardens/Central Park etc and the rest of the tourist attractions are further away but spaced out so you cant be near them all. Useful Tourist Info stand in lobby which were helpful in sorting out the usual tourist things(Show on Broadway/Bus Tour etc)Small but fully stocked shop next door that sells everything you could want to eat-plenty of fresh bread/milk, drinks snacks etc which is useful as the room has self catering aspect. You will never go hungry or thirsty though as there as Starbucks every 100yards and I am not kidding! Brilliantly equipped kitchenette, we didnt want to splash out on fancy restaurants we were there to visit the tourist attractions and shop!!- so saved a fortune by eating in most evenings although would recommend Gordon Ramseys Restaurant `The London` for a treat!	
Mar 8 2009 	Big Rooms Great Location.	I'd have to say, reading the reviews on this hotel started me off with a bad outlook on staying at Affinia Manhattan. When I arrived to the hotel, it was in a great location and the staff was very helpful once I got their attention. The lobby is beautiful with a very modern bar/restaurant connected. The parking is outrageously expensive but...it IS New York City. I called ahead and spoke with an employee who changed my room as I requested one with a decent view. When I arrived the room was massive and very clean. The beds are comfortable but the sheets leave a little to be desired. The staff accomodated every request I had and went above and beyond what I asked. Over all great place to stay if you aren't incredibly picky :)	
Mar 6 2009 	2 Bathrooms in Manhattan!	Several girlfriends and I stayed at the Affinia Manhattan February 27 - March 01, 2009 and could not have been happier. I booked my reservation through Travelzoo and got an unbelievable deal ($199 per night.) Our one bedroom suite had 2 FULL bathrooms, which is quite unusual in Manhattan. The beds were very comfortable and the kitchen efficiency came in quite handy. The concierge was more than helpful, giving great restaurant tips and easy-to-follow directions. The hotel is older and hasn't had many updates, but the lobby is beautiful. Check-in was a breeze. The Affinia Manhattan is directly across the street from Madison Square Garden and blocks away from fantastic shopping. Also, the hotel restaurant is great with friendly knowledgable bartenders (especially Jamie!)	
Mar 6 2009 	Excellent really comfortable spacious central Manhatten Hotel	We stayed here for 4 nights staying in a 1 bed suite - it was really spacious and clean. Hotel is really central to everything and only 2 blocks from Macy's - shopping heaven directly opposite Madison Square Garden. We found this hotel excellent value and will definitely be coming back again!!!!!	
Mar 4 2009 	Loved the location incredibly accomodating staff.	Loved the location, incredibly accomodating staff. I have been staying at the Affinia for years (as far back as when it was the Southgate Tower) and it only gets better. Ten blocks south of Times Square, not quite as crazy, directly across from Penn Station, two blocks from Herald Square, the location couldn't be better. My family met for a weekend in the City, all of us arriving way too early for check in, but Affinia found a room and checked us in at 10:30 a.m. The concierge service is excellent. My twenty three year old son and his girlfriend would call the service from all parts of the city to ask advice! The studios are actually nicer than the one bedroom suites, more spacious and with better views, but both have great kitchens which come in so handy for breakfast or late night snacks.	
Mar 3 2009 	Great Hotel!	We stayed at the Affinia for 3 days and could not fing any fault. The rooms was huge and the bed really comfy. Staff are friendly and helpful. The conceriege service was suburb, offering great advice and recommendations.The hotel is in a great position - nice and central.	
Mar 2 2009 	Large rooms good staff	We stayed at this hotel because we got a fabulous deal through one of their occasional sales. Although we had a very pleasant stay, I doubt we would stay here at full price because it is easy to find cheaper rooms in a quieter neighborhood.Our train arrived at Penn Station mid-morning. This hotel is almost across the street from the station, and it is quite nice to be able to walk right to your hotel rather than wait for a cab. It was also great to have this location on our last day because it meant we could have a full day of fun before our 7:00 pm train without having to factor in time to retrieve our bags from a distant hotel. (We went to Brooklyn on our last day, so this was especially appreciated.)We arrived at the hotel expecting to stow our bags. Instead, we got a room right away. The exact type of room we had requested wasn't available yet, but they offered us a choice of a couple of rooms that were ready, which I thought was great service. We chose a room with two beds on the 4th floor. When I saw the room we were given, I contacted the desk to verify the price. The room was BIG, and I mean that by any hotel standard, not just NYC standards. So big that I felt the need to make sure I would have no surprises at checkout! Besides the two beds, the room had a full couch, desk, dresser, and ottoman. There was no table, which we thought was odd since there certainly was room for one, and the room had a full kitchen.The appliances in the kitchen, with the exception of the microwave, were definitely old. There was even some rust on the refrigerator. But everything was in working condition and very clean, so no complaints. And when was the last time you had a hotel room with an actual oven? There were some pots, pans and utensils, but not an entire array. For example, there was no colander, although I would think that pasta would be a pretty common quick dinner on the road.The beds were comfortable and the bathroom was roomy and clean with good amenities. My main complaint was the difficulty in moderating the temperature in the room. The room was quite warm, and we could only turn the temperature down slightly. However, we have several friends who live in older high rises in the city, and this is a common problem, so I'm not sure if there's much the hotel could do short of a major overhaul. The furnishings and decor were not particularly fancy - this is definitley an older building - but everything was clean.The staff were all friendly and courteous. My son got a bad rash while we were there, and the staff quickly pointed us to a pharmacy that could help us. They also quickly pointed us to delis, grocery stores, and other common needs that can be difficult to find in this neighborhood. The concierge seemed to be helping a lot of people to get tickets to shows. The concierge staff didn't seem to have as much knowledge of the best ways to get to some of the far-flung sites we were trying to get to, but most people likely stay in this neighborhood for shows, shopping and the more standard tourist sites, so the concierge service is likely more than adequate for most guests. The lobby is small, but has chandeliers and fancy elevator doors. My kids (ages 7 and 10) loved it, and felt as though they were royalty. They also loved the regular revolving door on the side entrance. The automatic revolving door at the main entrance moves very slowly, and they were naturally inclined to push, which only caused problems, so don't give in to that urge!	
Mar 1 2009 	Older style but wonderful--location location location	By the way, NYC is noisy--sirens, loud voices between buildings, etc.I had a wonderful stay here this past weekend (acutually three nights). Yes, the room furnishings (with the exception of the mattresses and TV's) are antiquated. But I personally loved it.I wanted to go to a Rangers game and a Broadway show. I walked a block to the game, and a block to the subway which took me to my show. I walked a whole block to take the subway to see the new Citi Field.I did not take advantage to the conceirge but I knew I could. Rooms huge and I personally love the style though I hear they are renovating. I didn't want to leave and the hotel even extended me one night at my original discounted rate though I didn't ask for the price break.Note: Bathrooms and kitchens are small in these style hotels, but fully functionable. The living areas are huge. Obviously a woman didn't design them! Water pressure in the shower is excellent. Cable is excellent with MSG and YES if you are a sports fan. Plenty of radios for morning alarms. Snack and soda machines in the LL. Bar and restaurant which will let you take drinks upstairs.	
Feb 28 2009 	Be sure that this is	The hotel hotels website does not clearly mention that this is pet friendly property but i found it hard way. Stayed for 2 nights in Feb 09 and was the best experience. I am allergic to dogs/cats so was very uncomfortable. The carpet had stains and rooms are dusty. I am not a fussy guy but i was not sure how the hotel defines pets as to my surprise there was a huge cockroach in the bathroom resting on the soap bars. (photo attached). Went to manager and the room was change but the staff took this as a very regular thing as if it is not at all a big issue. No apologies at all. I guess it is may be New York thing. I will not stay again for sure.	
Feb 27 2009 	excellent hotel very welcoming	Excellent hotel, perfect location. The door man greats you at the door, the hotel staff are extremely welcoming, you get your bags taken to your room and the bell boy shows you around the room which are massive! We had a room on the 24th floor with a balcony over looking maddison square gardens. You have a choice of 6 pillows and you can change as many times as you want its great. The rooms are clean and tidy, we had a massive bed, small bathroom - but not too small , a large tv with loads of channels, a desk with chair, a sofa chair and a small kitchen area with everything you need and a huge fridge and freezer. I would definately recomment this hotel to everyone. Its in a central location, over the road is maddison square gardens and one block from macy's, times square and even central park are within walking distance.	
Feb 27 2009 	Loved it all	The hotel is great and the staff were so helpful. The rooms are spacious and clean and even have a little kitchen which is useful. We moved rooms due to decorating on our floor but got a similar room higher up. The only thing that lets this hotel down is the Spa mentioned in brochure, it's not here, it's at a sister hotel many blocks away. With all the walking we did a spa would have been perfect.	
Feb 26 2009 	Hello NYC	We stayed for 3 nights in Affinia Manhattan. The place is clean and well appointed. The rooms are large, complete with a kitchenette. Space is definitely a plus as well as the excellent location right in front of Penn station an Madison Square Garden. The shower is small but clean with good water and draining. We were on the 9th floor facing 7th Ave I believe and the noise level was tolerable. The provide ear plugs but we never felt the need for it. The heating was good. Service was quick and pain free. Got our rooms right away with no fuss when we checked in at 11pm. We stayed for about $250 a night. There was a dog show the 3 days we were there and we saw a lot of beautiful dogs with their owners staying at the hotel. This was a treat for me but if you're allergic to pets please be aware that this hotel welcomes them. I wold stay in the hotel again. We had a wonderful experience.	
Feb 24 2009 	Best location excellent service.	We stayed here for 5 nights and could barely fault it. You really couldnt choose a better location if you are coming to NY for a holiday. Penn station is opposite the hotel so we used the train to transfer from JFK. This was really easy, fast and only cost around £15 for two of us. You also have Macy's 5 mins away and a 10 -15 min walk takes you to Times Square or the Empire State Building. We booked through Virgin Holdays and our standard room with separate kitchen was enormous (as was the very comfortable bed). Perhaps not the most modern decor, but quality fittings nontheless, and a very high standard of cleanliness throughout. Some noise could be heard from the street (18th floor) but not too bad. We had breakfast most mornings at Bagel Maven across the street and could recommend it. Bagels, pancakes and cooked breakfasts were all excellent and reasonably priced. Hotel staff were very friendly and efficient and were obviously well trained. Made a pleasant change to the rather gruff attitude you can often get in New York.All in all a very pleasant stay and I am so pleased we booked this hotel. Top marks Affinia.	
Feb 23 2009 	Excellent Location	My family of 4 (2 adults &amp; 2 kids aged 6 &amp; 11) stayed at the Affinia Manhattan from 27 Dec 08 - 2 Jan 09. On the night of our arrival (10:30pm), we were advised that our 1 bedroom suite was not available but they had a king suite ready for us. We were so exhausted having had a lost piece of luggage then forgotten by our transport company for 2 hours (by the way DO NOT USE GO AIRLINK SHUTTLE!!), we couldn't be bothered arguing and took the room that was offered to us. The room had 2 QSB in the one room which was fine for the first night but we definitely wanted our KSB in the bedroom for the adults and the pull out sofa in the sitting room for the kids. The hotel did offer us a $100USD reduction for the first night. The following night they had our room ready which was great. Beds are very comfortable and you can have your choice of pillows. The view from our window on the 15th floor, was of Madison Square Gardens. We had a very spacious bedroom with ensuite and the kids had their own spacious room and bathroom. The kitchen was very well equipped. Heating was good except that one of the space heaters did not turn off and was on the entire time, very hot to touch and dangerous in case one of the kids touched it.On New Year's Eve we had room service at the hotel. Food was exceptional, equal to any first class restaurant and a fraction of the price that most were asking for the NYE meal!! Location of hotel was great. Only a few blocks to Times Square. Shopping was great in Madison and Park Avenues. This time of year the sales were exceptional. A definite must is Ruby Tuesdays &amp; Bubba Gumps eateries in Times Square. We tried to get into Red Lobster &amp; Hard Rock but the lines were always too long. We highly recommend &quot;On Location Tours&quot;. We toured the Tv Show and Movie sites of New York but they also have many others to choose from.We went to see Hairspray on Broadway. When in New York you must see a Broadway show - I stood in line for almost 2 hours at TKTS (discount tickets) for our tickets. You never know what will be available when you get to the front of the line but whatever it is, you won't be disappointed.We travelled by Water Taxi on the Hudson River and came very close to the Statue of Liberty. Our tour was the last for the day and took place as the sun was setting, spectacular scenes.Also highly recommend the Ground Zero site. It was a real eye opener to see the extent of the damage. It is also amazing to see just how the new structures are being built. FAO Schwartz - great to see the Big Piano, for those of you familiar with the movie &quot;BIG&quot;. M &amp; M World &amp; Dylan's Candy Store are fun to visit but don't over spend your budget!If you aren't scared of heights, we recommend, Top of The Rock at the Rockefeller Centre. Amazing 360 degree views of New York. Make sure you have good walking shoes on because you will be doing a great deal of walking!	
Feb 22 2009 	Great hotel Superb location excellent and helpful staff	Stayed here for 5 nights on holiday with our teenage daughter. The location, opposite Penn station and a couple of blocks from Macy's and the Empire State Building was outstanding. The staff were very well organised and had a real &quot;can do&quot; attitude, whatever the query. We arrived jet lagged, check in was quick and efficient, we had booked a one room suite which came with two bathrooms, a huge bed (one of the most comfortable I have ever slept in) and a large sofa bed in the lounge for our daughter. There were also two very large TV's-not that we did much tv watching. (New York is even better than billed. ) We had been sent a tenday weater forcast along with a &quot;pillow menu&quot; and extras we could order about a week before we left the UK. Within an hour the special pillows arrived along with a freebie basket of yoga mat , blocks and fitness gear/DVD's etc. The accommodation was great, with lots of little touches-luxury aveeda toiletries, fresh ground coffee replenishes each day, kitchenette with huge fridge. The concierge desk was really helpful-they booked trips, shows, advised on transportation, had loads of information at their fingertips and were just so friendly and helpful. Room was eighth floor, double glazed , spacious and quiet. Only complaint was the drawers in the clothing chest tended to fall out when you pulled them out to get your clothing. We did cocktails one night in Niles-pricy but so was everywhere. Did not try restaurant or room service. An Italian (Luca's)a couple of blocks away was recommended and we went there several times to eat.	
Feb 20 2009 	Fabulous!	Stayed here between Xmas and New Year 2008. Early check-in was smooth, with really good reception staff - in fact all the service personnel were fantastic- from the concierge through to the bellhop. The room was large by NY standards with safe, and workable kitchen. In terms of the noise that I see mentioned by one or two people- we had a room on a high floor and honestly I noticed no street noise with the windows shut.The foyer was great and all the public areas well maintained, with a very well appointed business center, with very quick (but expensive) internet.The location is superb- a block or two from 3 different subway lines, round the corner from Macy's and B&amp;H, and next to Penn station and Madison Square Garden. Dozens of places to eat and in fact a restaurant that was OK attached to the hotel.I made my reservation really well ahead of time and got a rate of around $200, which I don't think will happen again! At that price The Affinia is the best buy in NY!	
Feb 19 2009 	Careful if booking through Priceline.	This is the first time that I've encountered this problem booking through Priceline. After reserving the hotel through Priceline.com I called the hotel to request 2 double beds in this &quot;All Suites&quot; Affinia Manhattan hotel. The reservations told me that although the hotel in an &quot;All Suites&quot; there are a few single rooms only (not suites) that only accomidate a single bed. These are the room booked through Priceline. I commented that they don't offer that single room on their website but she assured me that they exist. Because there are 2 of us going, i needed to upgrade to a regular room that had the option of a second bed. This is the first hotel that i've ever encountered through priceline that discriminates based on where you booked.	
Feb 16 2009 	enjoyed our stay	My husband, my sons, ages 22 &amp; 20 and I stayed at Affinia Manhattan for New Year's Eve. Check in was very easy and the clerks were very helpful. The only minor problem was I thought I requested a room with two beds instead of one. There were none available, so they gave me a rollaway bed for no charge. My sons are both over six feet and sharing a bed would be very uncomfortable for them. The location is great. It is across the street from Penn Station if you take the train, or take the Megabus. As other reviews say, it's a short walk to Times Square. The kitchen is small, but who cooks when you're on vacation?! There is also a coffee maker, which is great for me. Although it is on the expensive side, for four people it's not bad for New York City. I would definitely stay here again.	
Feb 15 2009 	great stay	Our stay at the Affinia was excellent! the check in was great and easy. The room was a huge room for the two of us. Staff was very accommodating and the location was great. We booked through Travelzoo for Valentine's Day and only paid $169.	
Feb 13 2009 	yikes	Over half an hour wait for a bottle of wine from room service- drinks that were sent back came back to us in the same lipstick stained glass---when we went to check in they couldn't find our reservations, --virtually everything electronic in the room was broken ( TV remote, phone etc etc) They never did figure out what was wrong with the operator assisted call service so all long distance had to go direct through their much more expensive direct dial rates and the bathroom was so small there was barely room to turn around-- other than that it was fine- for $400 per night one can obtain much better accommodation in this area of NY.	
Feb 12 2009 	Fabulous hotel and the best staff ever	I stayed at the Affinia while I attended the Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show. The rooms were spacious and impeccably clean and fresh smelling. Checking in and out was a breeze and the staff was friendly and polite. They granted every request with a smile and things were done in a timely manner. I was traveling with my dog and they were very pet friendly, too. I will never go back for the dog show and stay anywhere else. The Affinia Manhattan is a first class hotel and just steps from Madison Square Garden.	
Feb 11 2009 	Fantastic location	Me and my partner found our stay at the Affinia excellent. We arrived into Newark and caught the new jersey transit to Penn Station - thehotel is just across the street. Easy walking distance to almost anywhere. Would recommend the Ground zero museum workshop - only 2 hours out of your day but the memories will stay forever - very moving. Brooklyn Pizza tour also very good. Found our room to be slightly smaller than hoped for (we booked a studio) no kitchen to speak of really just a microwave, coffee maker and fridge but adequate as we were not planning to eat in anyway. We were on the 21st floor - I'm a very light sleeper and did not find the noise disturbing. Great location for excellent restaurants, shops and entertainment (all on your doorstep really.This was my 4th visit to New York - first time in the Affinia and liked the location/hotel so much im going back end of Feb with 2 girlfriends (1 bed suite). The rooms are very clean (although maybe just a little tired - this is an old hotel afterall	
Feb 11 2009 	Get a Room AWAY from the elevators!	I stayed here last week with my family and friends and the girl we met at the check in desk was so helpful she was great. The rooms were lovely we had 3 between us but my room was right against the wall where 6 elevators were going up and down all night. The next morning we had to move rooms it was just soo noisy i dont know how they could put anyone in there.It was no problem to change and we got bumped to a beautiful room, kitchenettes in this hotel are great and really come in handy. I would definietly stay here again It was such a good location and all the staff seemed really friendly.One more thing is that if u forget to put your 'do not disturb' sign on your room door the cleaning staff will walk in at 8am in the morning, they did this to us most mornings and so when we locked the door they tried it anyway and knocked every hour on the hour until we left around 11am! So def a good idea to put the sign up and put the lock on the door unless u want a wakeup call really early!Other than this I would highly recommend it, the adjoining pub is great next door and across the road. Really great location.	
Feb 10 2009 	Not bad for the price	This is a hotel with a great location, and reasonable rates for Manhattan. The lobby is very nice, and the attached restaurant/bar Niles is quite good. The staff were helpful and quite pleasant. The rooms were okay. Our room had a smallish kitchen and decor dating from the 1970s or so. The room was clean and generally quiet. Even though we had a location overlooking MSG the traffic noise was pretty moderate. There are much nicer hotels in NYC, but this place is well situated for most people needing to be in that area. If they actually bring the rooms into the 21st century this location would be exemplary.	
Feb 6 2009 	you cannot beat the location!! but check the room for dirty magazines	My Wife and I spent 5 nights of out honeymoon at this hotel and overall we had a enjoyable stay. The location is great - we arrived via rail and had many suitcases and bags so being across the road from Penn station was a bonus. We saw all the sights of the city from trains via Penn, but we also did the easy 10min walk to Times square a number of time. The rooms are comfortable and the kitchen is a bonus, however we found it difficult to buy groceries in the area so we ended up not even using the kitchen during the 5 days. A couple of negitives: we like most travelers, needed to do some laundry howveer the hotel laundry room is so hard to find its crazy, after 20mins of looking I had to get a staff member to show me where it was and suprise, suprise it is in the housekeeping area only acessable via the service elevators thats say 'staff only' ???Secondly, my wife was pretty disgusted to find 2 adult magazines (featuring large women) inside the drawer of the bedside table. The cleaning staff must not check the room very well. It just made you feel a bit sick thinking of who was in the bed the night before us! it kinda put a damper on the honeymoon romance.	
Feb 4 2009 	Great hotel great location!	4 of us stayed here in January for my sister's 40th. 3 of us shared a one bedroomed apartment and one person had a studio room. The apartment was huge - 2 bathrooms, great kitchen area, dining table, 2 TVs and 2 huge beds, with a sofa-bed in the lounge area. We were on 12th floor and were definitely not kept awake by any noise at night!Hotel is in a great location - the walk to Times Square doesn't seem so long after you've done it a hundred times!Reception staff were friendly and when we used the information desk, they were really helpful. We also had room service late one night and the food was great.Would definitely recommend it and would love to go back!	
Jan 30 2009 	All good except check-in	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Affinia Manhattan in Jan 09, arriving on New Years day. We arrived early (1pm) and were told our room would be ready by 3pm. Returning at 3pm we were told that there still wasn't a room ready for us, and that we would have to wait. The lobby was really busy by then, I think they had a problem with lots of staff not turning up post-New Year celebrations. We waited for over an hour before approaching the queue at reception again. We finally got a room at 4.15pm. This was not good as were were absolutely exhausted from the flight, it was freezing outside and there were no seats in the lobby (we perched on a windowsill). I think this must have been a one-off bad day for them.Apart from the bad start, the hotel was great in every other way. The room was a good size, with a double bed and the best pillows I've ever slept on, including my own! The room was really easy to heat up and was a cosy haven after spending days out in the harsh weather. Loved it! Plenty of space for luggage and clothes in the built-in wardrobes and chest of drawers. The decor was nice, although I didn't like the blinds which often refused to cooperate with me! The view was ok (just buildings really) but our room faced west so we saw some lovely sunsets.The kitchen area had a 4 hob gas cooker, microwave, toaster, fridge and filter coffee machine, as well as cutlery, pots and utensils. No kettle, but you can heat water on the hob or in the microwave. This was handy for making breakfast in our rooms so we didn't have to venture into the cold on empty stomachs. There is a K-Mart near Penn station which is probably the best place to buy basics like milk, bread etc (ask staff for directions). There is also a whole foods supermarket if you walk down 7th Ave towards Chelsea (nicer but a bit pricey, and more fresh produce). The bathroom was small, with a shower (no bath) but it was clean and nicely fitted. The shower was powerful, although the cubicle was small - could be a problem for some.New York is very noisy, all through the night. We were on floor 24 (total is 28 floors), in room 2407 and could still hear the traffic. Yet we slept like babies every night because were were tired and the bed was so comfy, so it wasn't a problem. The lobby has an information area where you can pick up free newspapers and helpful magazines like Time Out. We barely interacted with the staff while we were there so can't comment on that other than to say they seemed generally helpful. Overall, I would recommend the hotel. The location is almost unbeatable and the kitchen really made it feel homely, private and self-contained - perfect for couples who want to be alone! We liked pretending it was our own little apartment. The hotel facilities are basic, but you don't go to New York and spend your precious time in a hotel.	
Jan 28 2009 	great location shame about the service!!	I went here with a friend and on arrival we were allocated a room with a double bed, having specified on booking that it was to be twin rooms, when we went back to reception we were told they couldnt gaurantee you would get the room you booked even though we had booked 9 months in advance! The receptionist was rude and very unhelpful saying we would have to pay $100 for a camp bed, after a long argument we were given this free and told we would get a room with twin beds the next day! The room we got the following night was lovely, ery big and had everything you could need. This hotel is very noisy as it is right in the center of New York so if you like your sleep i would advise against this hotel. However if you are here to shop ten tis hotel is great as it is ery central! I would go back but only if the price was right i would definetly shop around more next time!	
Jan 28 2009	New York for New Year 08	Warm and welcoming is the best way fo descibing this hotel. My first impression when i walked up the stairs to the foyer was the grandeur of the place. Sure, it's a little dated, but that adds to the character.We were in room 1607 which had a great view overlooking seventh avenue. In the distance we could see Times Square and directly below us was Madisson Sq garden.The rooms are very comfortable and although we asked for a king size bed, they gave us two queen size. Didn't really matter though as a queen size is big enough for the two of us anyway, and we found ourselves with a choice of which to stay in on that particular night!The room had it's own kitchen and although we only used the fridge and the sink, I suppose it is a nice addition.The location of the hotel is brilliant. Walk north directly up 7th avenue and you got Times Square. Grab a cab south and your on the way to the statue of liberty etc. Basically, you are in a great central location.As with most places in New York the food is very good. The room service is supplied by the restaurant next door. Try the Angus burger, the best we've tasted.We were in New York for 7 days over the New Year which was fantastic and the hotel didn't let us down one bit.Overall, I'd recommend this hotel to anyone I know who is visiting New York. This hotel is in an ideal position if you were watching one of the big boxing flights at Madisson Square Garden. Let's Hope Hatton fights over there again!My girlfriend and I have said we'll be back there at some point in the future and we'd definitely be staying at the Affinia again.	
Jan 27 2009 	Great location with spacious rooms	The hotel is right by Penn Station, making it very easy to get to everything by train. We never even bothered with a taxi. Short walk to the Empire State building too.Our suite was huge. The bedroom had two queen beds, TV and nice sized bathroom. The living room had a fairly comfortable sofabed, TV, desk, full bathroom and full-sized kitchen. Lots of cupboard and drawer space. We didn't bother to cook but the kitchen was well enough equipped. It would be comfortable for a week-long stay.Only drawback - no table with chairs for eating meals brought in. .	
Jan 26 2009 	BIG problems	My experience here was a nightmare. I depend on internet access (which they advertised) for my job. This is where I had my largest problem. First, it's $20 per day for internet access (even to browse the internet in the business center you have to pay $5 - $10). Second, if something goes wrong and you can't access the internet, do not expect them to help you. I was given an user name that didn't work, and the management had absolutely no idea what to do to help me. Nor did the technical support staff. I spent 2 1/2 hours on a Monday morning desperately trying to get access to the internet (all I needed was a user name that worked!) to no avail - and the management acted like I was imposing on them by asking for help. The manager even said &quot;I'm not a technical person!&quot; - as if I was SOL and was on my own to try to figure it out. You would think that a hotel of this size with frequent business travelers would be prepared to respond if a guess had a username that didn't work.As for the room itself, the floor I stayed on reeked of smoke, despite the fact that this is supposedly a non-smoking hotel. Guest services had a humidifier sent up to help with the smell, but the fan in the humidifier was noticeably covered in mold and dirt. It was almost offensive that they would send it up to me in that state.The room was also noisy and tired. You can tell that they are not bothering to put much money into updating the rooms (TV, carpet, furniture cheap and old).There are some things about the hotel that are good, but they do not quite redeem it for me. First, the rooms are large and the beds are very comfortable. You can order from a menu of different pillow types. The room service is from a restaurant in the hotel that is not bad (which is saying a lot when it comes to room service in a hotel of this caliber). I asked for a DVD player to play my yoga DVD and they brought it right up and set it up for me.IN SUM, I would say that the only reason to stay in this hotel would be if you got a VERY good rate. It's not worth the rate I was paying - nearly $300 per night. I transfered to The Kintano after my internet issue and it is SOOOO much nicer (let me reiterate -- SOOOO muuuuch niiicer), for the same price!!!Shop around and only stay in the Affinia if it is the cheapest option and you won't depend on internet.	
Jan 20 2009 	Fanatstic spot to explore the Big Apple	We stayed at the Affinia Manhattan in Jan'09 for 5 nights and the hotel was ideal for our purposes.We wanted a base from where we explore Manhanttan and it certainly provided this being in Midtown only a couple of minutes walk from Macys, the Empire State Building and Fifth Avenue. The famous Madison Square Garden is almost directly across the road from the entrance of the Affinia and with Penn Station under that we were able to get a train straight from Newark airport to Penn station and then walked all of a couple hundred yards to the hotel...ideal after a long flight.The hotel itself is clean and tidy and the rooms are very spacious. We had a kitchenette area within ours which we mainly used for coffees and the odd breakfast but to be honest if you come to New York you should eat out. Little Korea was only around the corner from this hotel and you can get some very good quality meals at reasonable prices for a major city...karaoke is optional!	
Jan 17 2009 	Average at best	Location good but a bit of a transit point, no real soul to it.Hotel rooms are in bad condition. Room not ready when we arrived at 5 pm. Sorry to say this didn't happened just to us.Had to wait 2 hours to be given a horrible room. Everything was falling appart. Natania the recepcionist did her best and changed to a more acceptable room. Cannot say the same about other staffStaff irregular:very nice/neurotic/rude , it depends on your luck. Nice cleaning ladys, tough.Horrible restaurant staff, unskilled in every way.Being obliged to pay cumpulsory service to this people is a joke.I've stayed in Affinia Dumont and it was a totally different experience.From now on, the &quot;Affinia&quot; concept means nothing to me	
Jan 17 2009 	We Loved the Affinia Manhattan	Can not disagree more with the last person to write a review.If you want 5 * Book the Plaza and pay a couple of grand a night. If you want the best you can get for the money you have, you cannot go wrong with the affinia Manhattan.The hotel was lovely. We stayed in a one bedroom suite and it was huge. A little well lived in but spotlessly clean and fit all our requirements. You are so busy with things to do in NY all you want is a comfy bed and the affinia Manhattan certainly had that. My husband requested a top floor room with a view of the empire state building. The staff bent over backwards to accommodate our requests and where extremely helpful and friendly. They gave us fantastic advice on places to visits, gave us maps and directions on how to get there. We had a number of excursions we pre booked here in the UK and the staff phoned them all on arrival to re confirm our booking.The location was very good. We walked everywhere. Took about 20 min to get to time square but it was a lovely walk and we did it daily.I have recommended the affinia to my in laws and they are staying there later this year. With any luck I will stay there again next year	
Jan 15 2009 	Fantastic Location	I've just come back from New York, we stayed in the Affinia Manhattan. Having read the review I expected a huge clean suite with a tired decor, Thats exactly what I got and I was very happy with it. The reception and housekeeping were friendly and very efficient. I am most definately going to stay here again. Location was excellent, diagonally opposite Madisson Square Garden, 10-15 walk to Times Square and a 5 minute walk to the Empire State Building. Penn Station one of the main Amtrak and subway station was 2 mins from your hotel. We caught the sub way to the port for the Statue of Liberty Ferry and the Subway to the Natural History Musuem. The Maven Bagel was opposite the hotel the breakfast here was great and the lunch time early evening food was fantastic. Next door to this was Harrington very very nice for a lunch time or evening meal. Can't wait to get back there,Have a good trip!!	
Jan 15 2009 	Horrible	We arrived at this hotel for our first stay in New York. We cannot disagree with some of the comments particularly regarding its location for sight seeing.On arrival we were impressed with the entrance and the standard of service from the desk. When we got our keys and strated to make our way to the room we had been allocated we started to worry. The carpets were a bit shabby and needed a good clean. On arrival on our floor it was even more disappointing and there was a smell. But entering the room was a real blow.The room was just horrible. We booked a studio and it was in a terrible state. A lamp shade was falling to bits, sliding doors fell off, the funiture was shabby and the kichenette looked as if it had been built pre 1950. The bathroom was cramped and in a similar decorative style. The bedroom was very cramped. Not the standard we had comne to expecte of New York or the USA.We had also asked for a quiet room so we got one on the 22nd floor next to the service lift!!We complained and the attitude changed immediately. There were no other rooms and they we all of the same standard but we were promised a better room the following day!We were not the only ones to complain. A group of three businessmen and a couple from England were also very unhappy with their rooms. the businessmen were given a better room but the other couple we told they had to wait until the following day for a better room.We checked out immediately but asked for a refund as we had pre-booked four days. They declined and told us we had to make the claim from the agents. The general manager's office had the same respopnse to our claim and whilst the person we spoke to was sympathetic she was not prepared to give any ground. So we complained and got the best part of our money back (less the first night) hence we have not written this review before.We wold NEVER go back to the Affina there are far better hotels in New York and Manhatten.	
Jan 14 2009 	Great hotel	We stayed here for 7 nights between 26th Dec and 2nd Jan and loved it. The rooms were clean and spacious, the staff were friendly and would do anything for you. It exceeded all our expectations, would def stay here again.	
Jan 13 2009 	Great hotel!	We had a great experience. A good choice for a family of five. Beautiful lobby! Great front desk staff. They remembered it was my daughter's 7th birthday - she was so excited. Pillow menu is fun. Rooms are large - two bathrooms, kitchen was fantastic!! A little noisy at night with outside noise, but overall a good experience - especially if taking the train to/from Penn Station!	
Jan 13 2009 	Fantastic Hotel in Central New York	We booked our holiday to experience the magic of Christmas in New York and were so pleased with our choice of hotel. The central location was great for both sightseeing and Christmas shopping (just a couple of blacks away from Macy's), and despite being so close to the fire station, our room on the 20th floor was quiet enough to relax in after a long day out exploring the city. While most hotels in New York seem to offer only tiny rooms, our room was huge, with a superking-sized bed, seating area, desk and walk-in cupboard. Having a kitchen too was an added bonus, and great for storing items bought at the deli a couple of doors down (the breakfast baps come highly recommended!). We found the staff at the hotel friendly and helpful whenever we sought advice, contributing to the lovely atmosphere in the hotel. When we arrived late after the airline had lost my luggage, they offered straight away, at no extra charge, to have a bag of toiletries sent up to the room, rather than allowing me to go out looking for an all-night chemist in search of a toothbrush - a touch we really appreciated! And a minor problem with the heating, which we reported on the first morning, was rectified by the time we arrived back that evening - another example of the professional service we received.We stayed in this hotel for a week and would recommend it to anyone, for location, cleanliness and attitude of the staff - it was a pleasure to stay here, and I could have happily moved in permanently!	
Jan 9 2009 	Fantastic Location	Christmas Shopping end of Nov 2008 with partner and friend we stayed for 4 nights and had a fantastic time. The hotel is in a great location the staff very helpful and as for the room it was a small apartment never slept in such a huge bed.We have been to New York before and stayed at the Waldorf Astoria which was beautiful.We are going back to New York in 2009 and will be booking the Affinia.	
Jan 8 2009 	Christmas in NYC	Amazing experience! Our stay was everything we could ask for in a quality hotel. From our arrival to our departure, and everything in between. During the bustle of Christmas the hotel stayed on top of our (many :-) ) requests. Perfect location to. Can't wait to make my second trip to NYC! Definitely booking at the Affinia again!	
Jan 8 2009 	A Great Place To Stay!!	I traveled to New York to spend some time with family over the holidays. The Affinia Manhattan was a great place to stay! This was the first time that I stayed at the Affinia and I loved the location! It was very close to Macy's, Madison Square Garden, Subway, Restaurants, the list goes on and on. The staff was great, they allowed us to check in early and was very helpful with getting us anything that we needed and answering any questions we had during our trip. I would recommend this hotel to anyone!	
Jan 8 2009 	Fantastic!!!	This hotel is in a perfect location for exploring Manhattan. The reception staff were very friendly and helpfull and we were able to check in 2 hours early. the hotel lobby was very grand and had a beautiful christmas tree. Our room was on the 21st floor with a great view. I would recommend to ask for a room high up as traffic noise is loud. Spacious room and kitchen. The bathroom was fairly small although nothing to worry about. We were very impressed with the Affinia and would definetly stay there again.	
Jan 7 2009 	Superb hotel in a great location	We resided in the Affinia Manhattan for five nights and checked out New Years day. I cannot recommend this hotel enough and do not have a bad word to say about it. The location was perfect for all the major sights and all the staff were extremely helpful and friendly. The quality and comfort of the room was excellent and we even had a balcony. We will definitely be returning.	
Jan 6 2009 	Best New York Stay Ever	My partner and I travelled to New York on the 19th of November. We arrived to the affinia hotel after 6pm staff at the reception were so nice and porters were most helpful. I was amazed to see how spacious our room was it was fab for 5 nights. We were so near times square and macys it was great. we walked everywhere great exercise!! The male conceirge was most helpful he booked tickets to go see the lion king for us and helped us make a reservation at the marriott revolving restaurant in times square, which to me was a total surprise as what i didn't know at the time it would be to celebrate our engagement.i would definatly recommend this hotel for business/ shopping/ romantic get aways. lovely hotel. only thing is food expensive i.e. breakfast best eating at the euro cafe about 500 m from the hotel.	
Jan 6 2009 	Great Hotel - Perfect Location	Stayed at Affinia Manhattan Dec 08 and really couldn't fault it. Staff were very friendly and fast with check in. Our room however had the noisiest heating pipes ever - we mentioned this to reception and they changed our room within 10 minutes.The rooms are excellent - very big, clean and extremely comfortable.Thought the location was fantastic, 1 minute walk from Madison Square Gardens, 10 - 15 minutes walk from Times Square and a great view of the Empire State Building from our window. Also very handy for Penn Station and Subway, right over the road ! We got a taxi from JFK to hotel for flat rate of $45 plus toll plus tip. However - for returning to JFK we took a much cheaper route - which was also very easy. Go accross to Penn Station and follow signs for LIRR (Long Island Rail Road) - buy a ticket to Jamaica Station - get off at Jamaica and get the Air Train from there direct to JFK - total cost of $14 per person in peak time - so cheaper out of peak. Very easy journey too.Hotel is expensive for water etc (we were charged $10.10 for a bottle on room service). If you go out main door of hotel and turn left, there is a shop almost next door that sells water, juice, bagels etc - much cheaper.For breakfast - we found Lindys (just a short walk to the right) really expensive ($30 for 2 people!). Andrews which is a bit further on was better ($18 for 2) but the best and cheapest was Maven Bagels - leave the hotel and cross the road - walk left and it is on the first corner I think - definately worth it if you are on a budget.Would recommend going up to the top of the Rockefeller Centre rather than the Empire State - same price but much better open view.For evening views - there is a revolving restaurant at the top of the Marriott in Times Square. They do buffett or restaurant. Slightly expensive - but it's a nice experience.Be really, really careful if you are buying tickets from the touts outside Madison Square Gardens - we were sold counterfeits so lost $150! Very annoying ! Most are genuine, I think we were just unlucky, but it's a lot of money to lose with no way of getting it back.Also - avoid hot dogs from street sellers - my fiance and I had horrific food poisoning which wiped out almost 24 hours of our trip.All in all - amazing holiday and fantastic hotel (just remember - everyone needs tipped in New York !!). Enjoy.	
Jan 5 2009 	Superb	My boyfriend and I stayed here for a week from 29th December 2008 and the overall experience could not be faulted. The lobby to the hotel is very grand and the staff we encountered were very helpful and informative. We were in a basic room - the studio suite which was more than sufficient for the two of us. The room had a huge and very comfortable king size bed, an ample sized bathroom with plenty of towels and replenished Aveda toiletries and a kitchen. The kitchen had a full size fridge, cooker, microwave, tea/coffee-maker, pots and pans, cutlery and crockery etc. We used the kitchen mainly for storing drinks and snacks but for a family or somebody on a more basic budget it would be ideal for making breakfast and quick meals.We had room service from Niles Restaurant on the first night we arrived and the food was tasty, portion size was good and it was valuie for money. Before you arrive be sure to use the My Concierge facility of the hotels website - from here you can make simple requests for your room, choose pillows from the menu on offer, request toiletries, arrange transportation and book trips and shows. Previous reviews have commented on noise - we were on the 27th floor of the hotel and were not troubled by noise from the lifts or from other rooms but you can hear the street. There is a police station on 30th Street and a church with regular bell ringing on 31st street - if you are a light sleeper I would recommend taking ear plugs. The location of the hotel is ideal for anybody wanting to see the sights/touristy side of New York and for the shoppers alike. Madison Square Garden is facing the hotel, Macy's is a two minute walk away, the Empire State Building and Broadway are each about a five-ten minute walk while Central Park is approximately twenty minutes walk. I would return to the Affinia any time and would strongly recommend this hotel to anyone. For a good start to the day I would suggest having breakfast at Tick Tock Diner on 8th Avenue and 35th Street - the food was nice and the portions are huge. One place I would strongly advise everybody avoid is Katz's Deli - it was an absolute dump and the food was vile. Do not waste your time or money heading to this so-called landmark - after our experience here we think it should be closed down.	
Jan 5 2009 	Great Experience!	We booked our stay for Affinia Manhattan because of all the positive reviews about this hotel on this website. I must tell you, my husband and I were very pleased. We went up for my 40th birthday. We took the train from DC to Penn. Affinia is PERFECT if you are traveling by train. The hotel is right across the street from Penn station. It is also centrally located. 31 and 7th. The staff was very courtious and helpful. Raney (not sure of spelling) was VERY helpful to us as well as the other concierge's. The room was extremely clean and the bed was VERY comfortable. I will say if you are expecting a palatial type of hotel this is not the one for you. This is a very nice, clean, helpful and just perfect hotel. A bit on the older side, but we liked that aspect of it. The beds are actual beds and not the box hotel type. We had music welcoming us when we walked in. I asked for a room with a view on the top floor and we were given exactly that. We will definitely stay there again. Thank you so much Affinia, Trip Advisor and Reviewers for a perfect 40th!!!	
Jan 4 2009 	AwesomeFantasticMindblowing	My Girlfriend and I stayed @ the Affinia Manhattan from Dec 28 2008 untill Jan 2 2009, and this Hotel was Awesome. When we first arrived we weretold that we were going to be staying on the fifth floor, we asked the manager Kyle if we can stay on a higher floor and she then put us on the 18 floor. We were told that the room was going to be made in 1/2 hour so we went for Dinner and when we came back our luggage was already put inside our room.This Hotel was really Fantastic because it was in the middle of everything we wanted to do in New York City. It was right in front of Penn Station and really close to Macys and the Empire state building. Its only about a 10 min walk into Times Square and there are lots of neat little restaurants near by, the best part was there is a Concierge Desk right in the middle so you can book your tickets right there. Maureen @ Concierge was really helpful, she helped us get to where we wanted to go right away. We booked our Sex and the City tour right there and we also booked our New York Hop on Hop Off tour.This Hotel was really mindblowing because it was really nicely decorated and its really nice. From the Minute you walk in to your room its really nice. The rooms were nice - they are not small and not large they are medium size - I know a lot of people complain about the washroom but they are a normal size washroom. The beds were so comfortable and you get to choose which pillow you would like for the night. Housekeeping was excellent everytime we ordered pillows they would bring it to us right away. The Noise - to be quite honest we actually did not hear to much noise - the noises that we did hear was just NYC being NYC. Honks hear and there and thats about all we were on the 18 floor and we slept like babies. I did not hear any fire engines any police cars just honks from cars and thats about all. I actually wanted to hear the fire engine as people said in the reviews but i did not hear anything. We would stay @ the Affinia Manhattan anytime. This was our first time to NYC and we had a blast. The best part of NYC was this Hotel is in the middle of it all. All in All this hotel wasAwesome, Fantastic,Mindblowing.	
Jan 4 2009 	Not Bad At All	Stayed at this hotel for 5 days just after Christmas. The hotel itself is really central - close to Penn Station so easy to get to. Many attractions close by - Macy's, Empire State Building, Madison Square Gardens. We did arrive a little early for check in which is 3pm but they were happy to do the initial booking in. They did offer us a room away from the main street which is very busy all the time. Happy to accept and got a room on the 12th floor. The main reception areas are clean and well laid out with the old fashioned lift facias all so far so good. The floor we were living on was a little tired and dated but practical. Our room was adequate - large bed, kitchen area, plenty of drawer space and cupboards unfortunately the toilet was tiny but enough for what you need it for (toiletries are nice too) Unfortunatley our room was cold in the evenings but too warm in the mornings and the windows are drafty. The blinds on two of our three windows were filthy but still worked. The view was non-descript but they did say that in reception (we looked directly into an office). Although we were away from the traffic it was still noisy when the fire engines and police cars put their sirens on. There are plenty of eating places around the hotel so you never have to travel too far for food. Don't use the recommended Whole Foods supermarket the hotel advise as we found it very expensive - probably cheaper to eat out for a couple (it was $6 for a box of corn flakes). One more point the church bells ring every night and morning but fortunately for a very short time.	
Jan 3 2009 	Time square new year with kids	The Affinia offers suites - so it was a good choice for a family with 3 kids who wanted a place within walking distance of Time Square for New Year. The hotel staff were helpful. The suite had 2 bedrooms and a sofa bed - so it was fine. It was basic and clean; there was enough linen, toiletries and towels and when we asked for more it came. Good position. Fitness room ok - but no A/C and dreadfully hot. Kitchen basic but with cooker, fridge, microwave. Coffee and tea provided. Bell staff and concierges were very helpful. Overall good experience.	
Jan 3 2009	Fantastic Location Hotel	This hotel is in a fantastic location right oppostive Maddison Square Gardens and a shortish walk to Times Square. The rooms are clean and very adequate but not what you would call 'posh'. New York is a very noisy place and this hotel is right near a Fire Station so there is noise from the engine - the Americans love to beep on their bull horns!Checking out was really easy as you could check out on your television in your room. We arrived at about 5pm and we were lucky as our room was ready but there was lots of people waiting around who were told there rooms were not ready. A very enjoyable stay.	
Jan 2 2009 	Amazing hotel and place	Booked through ebookers which was easy peasy.12th - 17th December 2008Arrived at Affinia Manhattan and was met with pure professional handling by all the hotel staff. We had booked a Studio Suite which was a large room with kitchenette to one side. A large bathroom with shower and amazing view looking onto the Empire State Building! On day one I spoke to one of the reception staff who enquired if it was our first visit to the US (which it was) and why we had chosen NY. It was to celebrate my 40th birthday and our 20th anniversary! On arrival back at the hotel we were aproached by the on duty manager and he offered us a free room upgrade!!!!We were moved into a one bedroom suite. Large bedroom, large living room with office, large kitchen (fully kitted out) and large bathroom and as we were now on the 24th floor a more amazing view onto the Empire State Building!!!The first room we had was more than adequate but our FREE upgrade was amazing!The hotel is situated in an ideal location. 2 Mins to Macys :@), across the road from Madison Square Gardens and 10 mins casual walk to Times Square. Reception staff at the hotel were always courteous and helpful in every way.We purchased a 3 day (hop on hop off) bus trip which got us around everywhere, up the Empire State, Staten Island Tour and the Statue of Liberty.Woodbury Common is well worth the one hour journey by bus. Lots of bargains and fab shops. Much cheaper than Bloomingdales and Macys. A fantastic trip! Went with Virgin Atlantic (again fab! and make sure you prebook your flight seat 24 hours in advance on their website!!) Enjoyed every minute especially as we had a day of snow there too :@).	
Dec 31 2008 	Noisy beyond belief	The hotel has advantages but these were outweighed by the noise!After we put our kids to bed on the sofabed in the front room in the 2-room suite, there was a great deal of noise. First there was construction noise from an all-night construction site nearby. The window next to the bed was not properly closed by the piece of wood around the room air conditioner. The noise was loud even though we asked for and got a very high floor (25)! Then after we finally got to sleep, there was screaming in the room on the other side of the bedroom wall loud enough to wake up both my wife and myself from a sound sleep. We called the desk at 12:45am and were assured the noise would stop. It actually took a long time to stop. We don't know if the desk spoke to the room or not - we did not hear anyone (e.g. security guard) in the hallway. Thank goodness our kids did not get woken up by the noise but it was very unpleasant for us. The front desk staff was very helpful at checkout and made us feel better about the whole thing. But it was not an experience we would want to repeat.Front desk wait for checkin was interminable, checkout slightly better. At least the front desk staff made a small accommodation in the bill. The desk clerk seemed genuinely concerned about the noise. Still, this hotel will not be our first choice in the future.	
Dec 27 2008 	A home away from home in the Big Apple!	I stayed at the Affinia Manhattan from October 10 - 13, 2008. This was my sixth time in NYC, but it was my first time staying at the Affinia. I normally stay in the Times Square area, but decided on this hotel based on its positive reviews and great location. I was a bit skeptical after reading so many positive reviews, but I can honestly say the hotel lived up to every positive review it has received. The hotel itself doesn't look all that spectacular from the outside; however, once you step inside you'll be amazed. The lobby area, as well as the entire hotel, is very clean. When I made my reservation, I booked a one bedroom suite with a terrace. The first thing I did when I made my way to my room was run right out on the terrace. It was simply amazing! My room was on the 26th floor and the view was fabulous. The terrace was huge and came complete with a table and chairs, which proved to be the perfect place to eat all my meals during my stay in the city. The room was kept very clean and was extremely spacious. More importantly, though, it was so quiet. Maybe it was because I was on such a high floor, but I was never bothered by any noise. It came complete with a full kitchen, and I must admit that having a refrigerator was very useful. The king size bed was very comfortable! I read some reviews that stated the bathrooms in the hotel rooms at the Affinia were on the small side, but I honestly felt the bathroom was pretty roomy. All in all, the Affinia Manhattan exceeded my expectations...the only bad part was checking out of the hotel! I really did feel like this was my home away from home while in NYC! I highly recommend this hotel and will definitely stay here in the future.	
Dec 24 2008 	Wonderful Hotel!!!	I have stayed in several hotels in New York and this one is the best! There were five of us traveling together, 3 adults and 2 children, and we stayed in a 2 bedroom suite. The room was huge compared to other hotel rooms. More than enough room for all of us. It was the children's first trip to New York and to begin and end our adventure at this lovely hotel made it more special. The staff is extremely courteous, helpful, fast, and always available. I cannot recommend this hotel highly enough. If your stay is anything like ours, you will not be disappointed!	
Dec 24 2008 	Great staff good location	Chose this hotel after reading the reviews on this site and stayed for a full seven days. Everything stacked up well. Very good location – five minutes stroll from Macy’s, close to the Empire State Building and Penn Subway across the road. The staff are very friendly and accommodating. Got exactly the room we asked for – half way up, bath etc. The positives worth noting – nice soaps and shampoos, spacious room and huge bed. Nice touches were the free access to the internet to reserve our airline seats home and being allowed to stay in our room till pick up at 2pm on the day of departure (for no extra cost). The hotel linked restaurant was also very good offering fine if pricey food. The adjacent bar got very busy every evening (can’t say if that happens all the time as we were there the week before Christmas). Any negatives – well having a fridge in the room is fine in the summer but noisy and irrelevant in the mid-winter and though the curtains in the room look nice they don’t draw. The hotel should think about putting some in that do – not only to cut out any light, but also to help keep the freezing temperatures hitting the windows at bay. Overall though an enjoyable visit.	
Dec 22 2008 	Excellent hotel for girls weekend!!!	My best friend &amp; I ventured to New York for a &quot;Girls Weekend&quot; June 5-8, 2008, &amp; our stay at the Affinia Manhattan was nothing, but excellent. This hotel was not our first choice. We were supposed to stay at the Affinia Dumont, but I later found an excellent deal via Travelzoo. I am so elated we chose the Affinia Manhattan &amp; saved almost $400. At first I was apprehensive because the price was so low. You know what people say &quot;you get what you pay for&quot;? I could not imagine laying my head in a hotel which was filthy nor unwelcoming. Boy were my thoughts WRONG!! When my friend &amp; I arrived we were greeted by an energetic and helpful doorman. The location is perfect for tourist. The staff was tremendous (except for one rude &amp; less than knowledgeable concierge), and most importantly the room was CLEAN!!! We requested a high floor and was accommodated with no problems. I read the reviews about the Firehouse behind the hotel, therefore we were being proactive. I am miserable without proper sleep.The hotels accommodations &amp; location were wonderful. Times Square is a hop away. Shopping on nearly every corner. Penn Station across the street. Tour bus stops right on 7th Ave.I think there were 3 vending machines on the bottom floor of the hotel. A grocery store a few doors down the street, go this route and save on breakfast. Starbucks across the street. Good room service. Last but not least the beds were so darn comfy I had to prye my head from the pillow each morning. Imagine having that big bed to yourself. No husband or kids. Yes I'm sure you understand, I was in heaven!!Our trip to NYC was what we needed, yet to short. There is so much more to see in wonderful NYC in so little time. We have already scheduled another trip for 2009. Of course we will be staying at the Affinia Manhattan. Thank Affinia Manhattan for a wonderful stay, we'll see you in 6 months.	
Dec 22 2008 	Absolutely Brilliant!	My friend and I stayed at the Affinia Manhattan from 14th-19th December and were absolutely thrilled with it. The location cannot be bettered, on Seventh Avenue right opposite Madison Square Gardens and Penn St Subway.Impressive lobby with very helpful staff, especially Maureen the concierge who booked all our tours for us and was so pleasant.Our room had the most fabulous view, sitting up in bed, looking straight out of the window to Times Square!. The room was huge with 2 Queen size beds (the most comfortable I have ever slept in), adequate bathroom and a fab kitchen with microwave, fridge freezer and even a full size cooker should you want it. We went on the Harlem Soul food and Jazz tour which was amazing, soul food at Sylvias in the heart of Harlem, and dancing at the Cotton Club - brilliant night out!. Also try Scots Pizza Tour - a 3 hour walk round Little Italy and Soho with stops at the most amazing authentic pizza houses - excellent value for money and Scott was so informative.The sales were amazing value and we shopped until we dropped!. For fab atmosphere and amazing cocktails try Harringtons bar right over the road from the hotel.All in all we had the most brilliant trip and this hotel is one of the best I have stayed at in New York.	
Dec 22 2008 	The Affinia Manhattan made our great stay in NY complete!	We stayed at the Affinia Manhattan for 4 nights in early Sept 2008 and had a great stay. The staff were very friendly, the room was spacious and the location is excellent: The hotel is roughly equal distance (around 14 blocks) to central park in one direction and Chinatown/Little Italy in the other.I'd read other reviews which indicated the area could be noisy (then again it is the centre of New York!) so I e-mailed in advance and asked for a room on a higher floor. This resulted in the manager holding an apartment on the 27th floor (there are 28 floors). The apartment itself from what I hear of New York standards was positively huge. It had a large bedroom, lounge/study, small kitchen, two bathrooms plus views over the city and Hudson river. The rooms were smartly decorated and kept very clean. The Niles restaurant is definitely worth a visit. By our experience it was just over averagely priced but the food was really lovely and the potions were very large. The bar (which is right next to the restaurant) is a great base to start an evening out and again the bar staff were very friendly and informative. (If you need any tips on a good day or night out these guys, the porters or the people on the main desk will have some good tips).For reference I booked this trip through &quot;BestatNewYork&quot; who were offering the best deal at the time. The on line holiday search facility worked very well and the people on the end of the phone knew their stuff which helped towards us having a problem free, fab trip.So thanks again to all the staff at the Affinia Manhattan for a brilliant stay - I can’t emphasise how friendly all staff at the hotel were!! We would definitely recommend it to friends and it’s at the top of our list if we do make a return trip to NY.	
Dec 22 2008 	great hotel	Myself, my partner and another couple stayed here for 4 nights at the beginning of the month and we were not disappointed with the hotel. The hotel was clean, the staff were very friendly and the location was brilliant only a short walk to empire ste builing times sqaure and macys.There was plently of places to eat around the hotel aswell, we stayed in a 1 bed suite and it was lovely we had 2 bathrooms a small kitchen. The maid was here evryday and i could not fault the cleanliness. WE were on the 20th floor, and yes there was some noise but what do you expect in the big apple, we never came all the way from scotland for some peace and quiet.Would definitely recommend this place and will stay here again when i come back	
Dec 18 2008 	One of My Favorites	Three friends and I booked this hotel through Travelocity's Last Minute Package. Prior to our trip, none of us were at all familiar with the hotel and were very pleasantly surprised upon arrival.The lobby was extremely nice and very large. Because our flight put us in the city at 8:30 in the morning and check-in wasn't until later that afternoon, we were happy to hear that the hotel would store our luggage at no extra cost until our room was ready.The room itself was very large - a studio suite with 2 beds. The four of us brought a ton of luggage (and left with even more!) yet the room never seemed too crowded with all of our belongings. It was very nice to have the couch and the kitchen area.The only drawback was the tiny, tiny bathroom. There was very little room to move around and one of our inside jokes for the entire trip was that the bathroom was actually a closet.The actual location of the hotel was very convenient. It's a block away from Madison Square Gardens, and a block away from the 1,2, and 3 lines. The Europe Cafe is on the same block, and we enjoyed breakfast there every morning.I highly recommend this hotel to anyone!	
Dec 17 2008 	Perfect for Garden. Second time here and loved it again!	I really cannot say enough about the Affinia Manhattan. The location is absolutely phenomenal. I travelled here in Dec. '05, and again in Sept. '08 for a show at Madison Square Garden and it's perfection! There are so many restaurants in the area and, nothing beats only having to cross the street after a performance. I found the staff to be incredibly lovely and helpful. We arrived early(and hungry) so the sweet girl(Amanda, I think) recommended the Cosmic Cafe around the corner. It was the ultimate NYC experience, and delish! Also, I booked the wrong type of room than I thought, and, when brought to their attention, was moved to what I had wanted. It was completely my error and they quickly placed us in a room with separate sleeping quarters(to keep the snorer away). It was no problem at all and I very much appreciated her help! As for the rooms, I think they are nice and spacious for NYC and they are kept very well. The beds are too die for comfortable so be prepared for a great rest! Our bellman was the sweetest man ever and was incredibly helpful and friendly whenever we saw him. We were only there for an overnight(to see a concert) but, since the Affinia is so centrally located(Empire State, Macy's, bus tours right around the corner), we were able to do SO MUCH in our limited time. We saw more in 24 hours than we have in weekend trips we've taken elsewhere. If you were traveling to a show at Madison Square Garden, I would recommend no other place! I cannot wait to go back in April.	
Dec 17 2008 	stay number 4 or 5	I stayed again at the affinia manhattan for my week's visit to NYC for a trade show. I stay 7 or 8 nights and this is my fifth trip.I book through the convention site.Upon booking I wasn't given the option for the normal 1 bedroom suite I usually get. so I booked the studio figuering I would save a bit of money and didn't really need the one bedroom this year anyway.When I arrived they had my resie but a studio with only one bed, I thought I had requested two beds. I told the staff that I didnt really want to share a bed with my brother!I had been on the webpage the week before and they had the 1 bedroom suites available at discounted rates!...So I mentioned this the the staff and said I would prefer the 1 bedroom, she dissapeared into the back room and came back sayingk since I was staying 7 nights and that they could upgrade me at a certain price for the convention. So she gave me the choice of a room ready to go or wait until 3 for one with two bathrooms. I was tired from the flight from Hawaii so I opted for the ready room, after inspection I turned it down as it's floorplan was stange and the bedroom had no windows. No problem was the response from the staff. So I check my bags and headed to Katz' for my annual pastami fix.I returned after 3 pm and room was ready. This room was much better with a nice layout and two bathrooms. the other plus is they have kitchens so I ate breakfast most veryday in room and we were able utilize leftovers from NY&quot;s great eateriesSo I settled in................as some will mention the affinia is located next to he fire dept and the police station is a block down.......needless to say there is quite a bit of street noise......not the hotel's fault, it's just they way it is.......this year it seemed the fire engines were called out quite a bit more than previous years...........Affinia has great beds, very nice linens and well appointed if small bathrooms, and a pillow menu at no charge,The same doorman, concierge, bellman have been there for the past 5 years.........so when I come up from penn station into the madness from mellow hawaii, it's really great to see familiar faces.............all in all affinia manhattan is a great place for the value and location.....hopefully I will returning next year for another thanksgiving in the city......	
Dec 15 2008 	good hotel and location	Just realised by looking through reviews I had never left mine. Stayed here in March 07 at the St Patricks weekend. It was just me and the wife and had always wanted to see the parade and stuff and as it fell on a saturday decided to do it. Had previously stayed at the Hampton on 31st street so wanted the same area as I feel it is ideally located for going anywhere in Manhattan. What I also like is we could fly into JFK, get the airtrain round and then train from Jamaica to Penn Station. You come out Penn Station and there is the hotel. Check in was nice and easy, the room was a great size, small kitchen which was good but we only used it for the fridge. Bathroom and shower was smaller than expected and could be made bigger but it served its purpose. You could at times here the Fire Trucks through the night but to me it is all part of the New York feeling. The hallways and lifts were also fine to me and the bar and restaurant were good as well. When myself and my wife and maybe even the kids come back to New York I would look at staying here again but as with everything it would depend on the price at the time. We paid $129 through travelzoo per night which I think is a decent price. I live in Ayrshire, Scotland, and cant wait till my next time in New York and hopefully it will be at the Affiinia Manhattan.	
Dec 15 2008 	Perfect Location shame about the things that make a hotel extra special!	I booked this hotel after weeks and weeks of research as it seemed the most suitable hotel for our budget. We wanted a central hotel with a good standard of accomodation, and the reviews on tripadvisor helped with our decision (I never stay anywhere without consulting TA at length!).Our initial impressions on arriving were good, but check in was an absolute farse. For one, they don't have enough staff on front desk for the size of the hotel. Having booked an early flight out of the UK, we arrived at the hotel at about 1:45pm. We were told that our room (a one bedroom suite) wasn't quite ready, and to wait behind the pillar in front of reception for our call. We waited patiently for around 45 minutes before enquiring again, and were told that our room was going to be another hour! How nice of them to have not informed us about this right from the start. So we decided to hit the hotel bar and wait there instead. I'm going off on a bit of a tangent here, but the hotel bar was lovely. Great atmosphere, brilliant and friendly bar staff, and a great choice of drinks and cocktails. I'm guessing it's a bit of a meeting place for locals as the bar was packed most evenings. Great choice of bar nibbles too.Well, we got comfy and about 90 minues later (and $50 lighter) we went back to reception. We were told another 45 minutes!! Well, you can imagine our reaction. We'd been at the hotel for over 3 hours and still no room. We felt as though we had wasted an entire afternoon checking in and being messed around, and time is precious in New York when you're on a City break. If our room wasn't going to be ready until 5pm, TELL US so that we can hit the City. Well, we blew our tops a bit. The receptionist gave us some free drinks vouchers as we'd been spending our good money in their bar whilst we'd been waiting, and promised to come and collect us once she'd been given the green light on our room. To her credit, she did, but after another hour. This was all totally ridiculous and a complete waste of time.Thank goodness we were pleased with the room!! The room was spacious, very clean, and looked newly refurbished. The furnishings were a little basic and sparce for the size of the room, but the bed was so comfortable and we had a very enjoyable stay in room 2003 on the 30th floor. The rooms do have a small kitchenette which is completely unnecessary in my opinion, and we would have rather and done without as the fridge made a right racket during all hours. As if New York isn't nosy enough!! It rained quite heavily for two days too, and the constant drip drip outside on the air conditioning unit made for a good nights sleep - not - but you don't come to New York to sleep, so can't really complain too much there.The location of this hotel sold it to us completely. Two blocks from Macy's, 10 minutes to the Empire State, and 20 minutes up to Times Square. There are plenty of places to eat and drink nearby if your feet are tired at the end of the day, and Penn Station is directly opposite with access to anywhere on Manhattan and beyond. I think that this hotel trades off of it's location unfortunately, and customer service levels have suffered as a result.One final note, I dropped an email to this hotel a week prior to departure telling them that we were really looking forward to our visit and requesting a room with a nice view. I didn't even get an acknowledgement to this, and the view was pretty average. After our debarcle at reception though, I'm not surprised. What this hotel achieves in terms of location, it totally lacks in terms of customer service. I am not normally a complainer when it comes to hotels, but I would stay somewhere else next time.	
Dec 13 2008 	5 out of 5	We have never been to New York before and were told to book a 3 to 3and half star hotel as below this was questionable!! We could not have been happier with the room (suite) we occupied. Loved our stay at the Manhattan and would certainly stay there again....not cheap....but received more than I expected...Staff were very helpful....Just superb service all round. Val and Brian....Noosa / Queensland/ Australia	
Dec 10 2008 	Make sure to ask.....	....for a room on one of the higher floors! We were on the 3rd floor of the hotel and the noise is really quite loud day &amp; night. Although you cannot expect peace and quiet because of the location of the hotel, on the floor that we were on the noise from the sirens/car horns is signicant. The rooms were large and spacious and although a little tired were extremely clean. Having a fridge, hob &amp; microwave were a great bonus. Plenty of towels in the bathroom and the comfiest, biggest bed I've met! There was a safe in the wardrobe, iron &amp; ironing board and hairdryer.Fantastic location. Took us only about 20 minutes to walk to Times Square and Penn Station is just across the road.The only real complaint I had was with the air con/heating. Even when it was turned off it was noisy!	
Dec 9 2008 	Fantastic location to explore NY	We booked the hotel through Thomson (Never again...) as a package holiday (Hotel, Flight, transfers).The hotel itself is in a fantastic place, situated directly opposite Madison Square gardens and Penn station. Its about 5 minutes from Maceys and 10 minutes to Times Square.The Hotel was actualy going under some changes while we were there but nothing noisy and drastic. To start with the hotel staff are extremely friendly and helpful, we booked a room with kitchen facilities through Thomson, but when we arrived, they had only given us a guest room under Thomsons instructions but they changed the room for us, moving us to the 27th floor. They were also extremely helpful when we checked in, what Thomson failed to tell us, was that you need a VISA card to go as a deposit for the room!, neither my girlfriend or myself have a visa so we were stumped and had to lay down a cash deposit. But again the staff were helpful and lowered the rate so it didnt dent our cash flow. As for the room, the guest room we was originally put in was tiny, although it looked nice enough, it was way too small and had the smallest bathroom ever. The 2nd room we were put in was huge, it had a large queen size bed, a big tv, nice size kitchen and a small bathroom but big enough to do whats needed.The aircon was great and the heating worked a treat. As for the noise complaints ive read about, what do you expect in NYC? the place is always noisey, go to the lake district if you dont like the noise.For us it was a great homebase, you have a small shop next door for food, tons of take aways and bars around you, 5 minutes from the shopping areas of Maceys etc. and a few steps from the subways which lead to anyway you want to go.Definately advise any USA new commers to check out the small pizza shop a few doors down, head right as you leave the hotel, past the FUSE adverts and go to the 2nd pizza place, get a Gyro sandwhich, they rock!....All in all we would definately return here, and plan to do so in 2010! Fantastic place...	
Dec 9 2008	Perfect for girly getaway!	Stayed at the Affinia Manhattan for four nights at the end of November over Thanksgiving weekend with two girlfriends for a long weekend of shopping and sightseeing. For us the most important things when looking for a hotel were location, price and safety and the Affinia excelled on all three.We were on the 24th floor and didn't have any problems with noise at all although the hotel is on a really busy street (which is excellent for shopping, eating and getting a cab easily!). We were very pleased to have a large kitchen with a massive fridge which to be fair was fairly old but very clean and usable. The bathroom was pretty tiny but if three girls with all their hairdryers and stuff can manage then I'm sure most people can and we didn't go to NYC to sit in the bathroom anyway! The beds were mega comfortable too and we didnt have any problems at all.The concierge are helpful so feel free to use them as much as you want and the front desk has a kiosk where you can check in on-line before your return flight which was really useful and you can leave your luggage for free if you have an afternoon or evening flight.We were very pleased with our choice of hotel, particularly because we spent £730 between 3 of us for 4 nights and would definitely recommend it to others wanting to be based centrally.	
Dec 8 2008 	Loved The Affinia - So Central - Walking Distance to Most Attractions	We had booked the Affinia almost a year before going there and saw some of the poor reviews and were a little concerned. Our travel agent told us he was just back from the hotel, spoke very highly of it saying it was very central, clean and tidy, so we stuck with it, boy are we glad!!Ok the decor is a little dated but that must be the only negative thing that I can say about the place. We were on the 26th floor, great views and a massive balcony, little cold to sit out but it was nice to get some fresh air first thing in the morning, and to see the bright lights of the city late at night.There is a Fire House one side of the Hotel and a Police Precinct the other but we rarely heard any noises from them, must have been too tired! We had a nice bathroom and kitchen area and the actual room itself was approx 9 metres x 5 metres. The maid came every day and the place was always spotless, leaving fresh towels and changed the bed linen.The staff were super friendly, special thanks to Maureen one of the Concierge's who went out of her way to help us book our seats on the return flight when the complimentary computer was down.The hotel is ideally situated directly across from Penn Station meaning Subway access was right on the doorstep, on top of Penn Station you have Madison Sq Gardens Arena, a few blocks uptown and you have Macy’s on 34th Street, continue up 7th Avenue for Times Sq on 42nd Street or go along 34th Street for Empire State Building, all within 5 minutes of the Hotel.We took a taxi from the airport JFK T7, there were ample Taxis outside, $45 flat rate for any address in Manhattan but there is a $5 Toll Charge that is added onto this price plus tip. Next year we are going to try the Long Island Rail Road LIRR / AirTrain combo taking us into Penn Station in 20 minutes from the airport for approx $12 each.	
Dec 7 2008 	Brilliant Birthday Getaway	Stopped here for 4 nights to celebrate my birthday and what a fabulous time we had. The hotel was excellent, our one bed suite was lovely and very clean as was the hotel overall. Didn't find it too noisy at all. The staff were friendly and helpful and the overall decor was good.Location wise, this hotel is excellent. We travelled from Newark Airport via train to Penn Station which was opposite the hotel. it is just a couple of blocks from Macy's and a 10 min walk to the Empire State. There are plenty of eateries nearby. If you want a good value break this hotel comes highly recommended.	
Dec 5 2008 	Below average and overpriced	This is a big old hotel with nothing going for it really. My room was large, but everything in it was old, the room smelled old. The windows didn't shut, out the cold air, heating didn't work (it was below freezing the week while I was there) and it was really noisy from the street noise. The bathroom was tiny and the kitchen was dirty and disgusting. Finally the WiFi was unreliable, slow and still about $14 per night from memory. I would never stay here again and could not recommend it to anyone. Maybe if you got it on a really cheap deal it would be ok. I was paying over $350 per night.	
Dec 5 2008 	loved affinia	It is a fantastic location and a superb clean room. Very large. Staff are very friendly too.	
Nov 30 2008	A family getaway	We live in Long Island and I wanted to surprise my wife and two boys (10 and 15) with a Christmas season weekend in Manhattan and see the Radio City Music Hall Spectacular. The hotel is PERFECT!!! The location was perfect across from Penn Station/MSG so the commute was easy with the LIRR. Check in was easy and the staff to a person was pleasant and helpful. We were surprised by an upgrade to a one bedroom with a balcony. The wife and I expected a balcony of 5’ x 5’ but it is 15’ x 25’ with a full set of patio furniture. The cost is expensive but low for Manhattan at the beginning of the holiday season. You can tell the rooms are older but the furniture and amenities are completely clean and comfortable. It may be older but definitely not “seedy”, it is very well cared for. We are considering another overnight trip in the spring and will definitely book the room here.I noted one review of the hotel remarked about the street noise. I recommend requesting a room on a higher floor but you have remember, this is Midtown Manhattan not rural Vermont. You don’t come here for the peace and quiet but we still felt like we could relax in the room as our own little enclave. :-)	
Nov 27 2008 	Convenient 	Booked through Expedia, was a decent price for the location, not the cheapest but certainly not the most expensive, looked at similar hotels in the area but booked this hotel on the basis of comments made by other guests. The location is great especially if it is your 1st time in NYC, a short walk from Penn Station so easy from Newark Airport. Hotel is located south of Mid Manhattan just across from Madison Square Garden and only a short distance from Macy's, everything touristy is within walking distance (empire state, Times square, Central Park etc) and you can get the Subway to lower Manhattan really easily. Hotel was fine, room was bigger than expected and the bed was really comfortable, hotel is staring to show some sign of age but was kept really clean. The hotel overall was better than we had expected. Would recommend for 1st timers to NYC.	
Nov 25 2008 	Great Location	We stayed at the hotel for 7 nights. The location of the hotel could not be better, lots of places close by to eat and drink, across the street from Penn Station, couple of blocks from Macys, Empire State and Times Square. Really the only negative thing I would say about the hotel, is that the decor is a bit tired, and could do with updating, along with the kitchen area. But apart from that the room was very clean and the bed was so comfortable, so much in fact that we didnt want to come home to our own bed! We didnt find the noise a problem, not sure if it was because we were on the 17th floor, or if it was because we were so tired at the end of the day. We would stay here again.	
Nov 25 2008 	An excellent hotel in a great location	Booked trip to New York as a birthday treat. Spent time reviewing with Trip Advisor before deciding on the Affinia Manhattan. What a good decision that was.The hotel has a charming Old New York feel about it (loved the mail chutes at the elevators). It was exceptionally clean. There was a lot of activity about the place which gave it a real buzz.On entering the hotel the lobby is very impressive, the speed of check in and the friendliness of the check in staff was reasurring. We had room 1515, described as a quiet room and it was, being at the back of the hotel. Although the decor was a bit dated, it was spotlessly clean, the kitchen, two bathrooms, the lounge- could not fault it one bit. The only fault I did have was the room was cold, the windows are not double glazed and were draughty, the window mounted air con did not help as they allowed the ingress of cold air. The temp during our stay 20-24 Nov 2008 was below freezing( unusally cold for this period); this could be looked at during any future upgrade. As for me I just turne the heaters up full blast, did the trick.All staff we friendly and helpful, the concierge staff were excellent, for information, tickets and general guidfance for eateries. They are an excellent point of reference.Appreciated the luggage storage for guests who have checked out at 12, but are not flying until late evening (us). It meant we could maximise our day, and we did.Best Bits about New York: All the usual, plus the trip to Katz's Deli (famous for that scene in 'When Harry Met Sally' for breakfast ( 3 Fred eggs, sausage, toast, OJ, Coffee and FRENCH FRIES at 10:30am). We walked back through Union Sq, Flatiron to Macy's in a effort to burn off some calories. Definitely worthe the effort to find this place.Blue Smoke is a busy atmospheric pit bar-b-q place, it was in the guide book and we decided to check it out. Had to wait about an hour for a table (worth it) food was great, huge ribs and massive amounts of brisket. Whilst at the bar it was good to see the bar manager refusing to serve a customer who he felt had had too much already. Good for him.Any how, would I recommed the Affinia Manhattan to anyone going to NYC: Aboslutely	
Nov 24 2008 	Fantastic hotel	This hotel is great! We booked a one bedroom suite through expedia as it was cheaper than booking directly with the hotel. The rooms are massive with a huge bedroom and living room, two bathrooms, plenty of cupboard space and a kitchen fully equipped with full size fridge, freezer, oven and gas hob.Staff were helpfu. Rooms very clean. It has a coin operated laundry downstairs which is v. useful if travelling with kids.Hotel is a 5min walk to macys and Penn Station. 15mins to Times Sqaure. 20 mins to Filenes Basement at union square.Brilliant location- we walked everywhere because pram and subway do not mix.Nearest places to get food:1. Jacks 99c store. Cheap and cheerful. Entrances on 31st and 32nd streets. Buy snacks, bread, drinks here. Sells everything apart form fresh food like fruit or veg.2. Whole FoodsWalk 10mins down 7th Avenue away from macys. Expensive, all-organic but very nice. Like Waitrose. It has fresh veg and fruit, fish meat etc.3. Delis around the hotelVery very expensive but convenient if you just want to buy some milk or ice cream!Only downside is the noise which is not the hotel's fault. Centre of new york is going to be noisy. the fire station next door is extra noisy but it did not wake us or the baby up at night. I would definatly stay here again but would ask for a room on the opposite side of the building from the fire station to get a bit of distance from the sirens!	
Nov 22 2008 	great location for the city that doesn't sleep	My friend and I stayed here for 3 nights. The hotel was recommended to us. I checked out reviews on this site and they were all very good so we were very excited about going to New York. We booked a one bedroom suite and were glad of the extra space as we needed somewhere to store the shopping. Our first impression of the room was it was a bit dated and it could do with an update however the suite was very clean and the staff looked after us very well. All the staff were very helpful and pleasant and that to me is important. Yes you could hear fire engines but you can here that in this country. You cannot go to New York and expect it to be quiet. We had a great time in NYC but think our expectations were a bit high. If going for a short break it is impossible to do lots of shopping and sight seeing so its either one or the other. We did find that all New Yorkers were very helpful and nice but according to one of the taxi drivers it because of our accent. All in all I would recommend this hotel if you want to be in the thick of it.	
Nov 18 2008 	Great Hotel What's all the fuss about?	Well, what an experience. 8 Ladies, all ages, staying for 4 nights at the Affinia, had previously contacted Fayth at the Hotel to express concerns, over other reviews. Asked for a high floor because of the Fire Station underneath Hotel, and other requirements we had. We arrived and they were expecting us and everything had been sorted as per our requirements. Very busy hotel so bear this in mind, but rooms 2401, 2403, 2410 were very clean and tidy. Where is the threadbare carpet and noisy aircon people complianed about in past reviews? we certainly had no complaints. It is noisy, but your in NEW YORK, if you want peace, stay in the country! We are already saving to go back!!!	
Nov 16 2008 	Great hotel.	I booked this hotel after reading the reviews on this site and was very pleased with my choice. My wife and i spent three nights here on honeymoon and loved every minute. The room we had was clean and spacious,the bathroom was a little small,but not to small to cause a problem,the kitchen was the same,but apart from using the fridge,who's going to cook when they're in New York?? The location was excellent,5 minutes walk from Macy's and 15 minutes from times square,not to mention the Empire State just around the courner and numerous other shops and resturants on the door step. We had much more fun shopping locally,than going to the outlet centre an hour away,and saw much more of the city doing so. The staff were very friendly and helpful,especially Maureen,who was only too happy to help with anything we needed. I wouldn't hesitate to stay there again as we had such a good time there.	
Nov 15 2008 	Just amazing	We decided to stay at the affinia because of cost restrictions. And i,ve got to say how pleased we were with the hotel.It was clean roomy,scarily quiet,yet totally relaxing.If i hadn`t have known we were in the city of newyork,i`d never had believed it.The general look of the hotel was fantastic,The staff including the wonderfull cleaning lady were friendly and helpful. We stayed for three night`s.Which we found to be just enough to see all we wanted of the city.Having been before,i was still in complete shock of the sheer size of the city.Dont be afraid to take a rickshaw ride, SCARY but exillerating. Oh if you dont want to eat out,Try room service. The food was excellent(do try the chocolate trilogy dessert) Our complements to the chef.  Happy holiday Bon voyage.	
Nov 12 2008 	Great location	I booked this hotel during a special sale and chose this Affinia hotel for it's location. I prefer to stay in this area than in Times Square. Loved being so close to the subway stations and to Macy's. There were coffee places, restaurants, etc all around us. We were supposed to get a 2 bed studio and they were not ready by check in time so I offered to take a king bed instead and we were given a 1 bedroom suite w/ 2 bathrooms...it was great - our own NYC apartment. I did hear some doors and voices at night but nothing horrible - more like sounds in a regular apartment building.The staff were fantastic - very friendly and helpful. The room was very clean but the decor is worn, bathrooms are small and can use a refurb which I think is coming. I would definately stay here again!!	
Nov 6 2008 	Loved It Loved It Loved It !!!!	Absolutely loved this hotel. Could not fault it in any way.On arrival we were tired,and were checked in very quickly and efficiently by the front desk. Obviously excellent location.. Huge suite and well maintained ,always cleaned,. Very polite and helpful even the cleaning staff greeted you sincerely. It was a very good experience especially as it was a suprise for me from my husband on a &quot;special birthday&quot;.I would &quot;HIGHLY RECCOMMEND&quot;this hotel to any traveller to the big apple and as fussy as I am I found it difficult to find faultlt with this place...Go and ENJOY..!!!.	
Nov 4 2008 	Love the Affinia	Loved the Affinia. Booked this hotel after reading the reviews. Found an excellent rate via CSAA. Front desk staff were friendly and concierge, Maureen, was a dream. The room was fantastic- very spacious. The bathroom tiny but extremely clean. Try the bagel place in Penn Station (recommended by one of the concierge). Will definitely come back!	
Nov 4 2008 	Cold.	stayed here last week for 6 nights, 3 ladies in a 1 Bedroomed suite. &quot; Bathrooms was very good, bed very comfortable, Sofa Bed too. Clean &amp; tidy. Nice staff. Reception a bit slow at Check In &amp; Out. Porters very nice &amp; efficient. main problem was the cold, after the fi9rst night we had to request extra blankets. After 2 days when it was very cold outside &amp; heating was turned on it was still cold. Great location, but please sort out the heating or we wont be back. will go to one of the other affina Hotels where it is warm	
Nov 2 2008 	Affinia saves family	Where do i start with this wonderful hotel! After getting delayed with our flight and arriving at newark airport and phoning La Quinta inn, Queens, who me my wife and 1 year daughter was meant to be staying (booked 3 months in advance) La Quinta told me our room was given away!!!!! we took a train to penn station at 8pm saturday 25th oct! It was raining harder than i had seen before we had nowhere to stay and 3 cases with us! we turned right out of penn station and went into 1st hotel we came to which was pennsylvania hotel who told us they had no room for us! (they did let my wife and child stay in reception while i went out into the night)! next stop AFFINIA!, 31st street, 7th Avenue!! very posh looking but I planned on spending as much as it took for the night, natalie was very helpful held the room while i went back to get my family! it was over our budget but after a bit of discount we booked for the whole week and was well glad to have paid more than we planned! They gave my daughter a teddy which she loves and sent up a bottle of red wine for my wife (her bday) ! No matter what time of day each and every member of staff was great and helpful. We would definitely stay here again and I would say you pay for what you get. GOD BLESS AFFINIA you saved the day and made a trip that started off a nightmare into a wonderful relaxing stay. The room was spacious also with a kitchen, was cleaned daily and smelt so fresh and the view out of the window up to Times Square was amazing. Great location 3 blocks from Macey's and Empire State and central to everywhere. Thank you Affinia.	
Nov 2 2008 	Fantastic Location Very Comfortable	We stayed for 5 nights, two familes of 4, with teenage children. The hotel is in a fantastic location, just opposite Penn Station making it extremely easy to visit all the sights.The hotel has very large rooms although some bathrooms are small but very clean and functional. The beds are amazingly comfortable and with the facilities of a kitchen area, this hotel is brilliant for a stay in New York. A supermarket is next door to buy drinks etc, really convenient.We did have a few problems with the admin on reception which was partially the error of our tour operator, but apart from the time we had to stand at reception trying to resolve the problem - it was sorted to our satisfaction and we would definately stay at this hotel again. The Conceriage staff were extemely helpful, booking tickets, restaurants etc.The hotel is close to the fire station and sirens can be heard during the night, but after the 1st night you get use to it - but it does seem very quiet when you return to the UK! The hustle and bustle is all part of NYC.We rate this hotel 9.5 out of 10 and would highly recommend it.	
Nov 2 2008 	Overall good	We moved to the Affinia from the over priced and very over rated W Hotel thinking we were down grading. Much nicer, more friendly, spacious, cheaper and altogether better than The W. Ask for a high floor to try and get away from the street noise. Disabled accommodation is much more spacious.Check the bed size before going to your room as they range from small to massive double. A helpful concierge but don't book theater or trips through them as they use agents who charge a big commission. Overall a good place to stay in NY and will go back there myself.	
Nov 2 2008 	First trip to New York	My daughter and I have just returned from New York, we stayed from 25th to 30th October at the Affinia Manhattan. This hotel was part of a package deal with a travel agent, and was also recommended by a friend, who has previously stayed at the Affinia Dumont.I did call ahead to arrange a suite with a view, as we were in New York celebrating our birthdays this was not forthcoming but our suite was clean and tidy so I didn't want to make a fuss.We had to share a huge bed but there was plenty of room for the both of us, sheets were clean and we had clean towels everyday.The bathroom is tiny and a bit tired but for the amount of time you spend in there how much room do you need!! The concierge and hotel staff are polite, courteous and very helpful, the hotel is a stones throw away from all of the attractions you would wish to visit. There is a deli two doors down which stocks all you could ask for and they too are friendly especially at 4am when you haven't adjusted to the time change. The noise is a bit annoying but if you've had a busy day you don't notice it when your asleep.Overall I would rate this hotel as good, friendly, clean and tidy.I am most surprised by the previous comments about cleanliness as the hotel was spotless the whole time we visited, I have OCD so I would definitely know if something wasn't clean!!!	
Nov 1 2008 	Just read this one!	Brilliant Hotel, and excellent location. Rooms were large and well serviced. When you arrive at Penn St station (connection from newark airport) the hotel is in sight.Close to Central Park, Times sq, and Penn St subway, which will get you just about anywhere.Maybe there was a pyromanicas convention , but the fire engine sirens were a downside, ask for a room up high!Bagel place opposite was excellent for brekkie, as was Hartigans, the sports bar / restaurant.ONLY DOWNSIDE: HOTEL ADMIN WAS AWFUL. In fairness I cannot be sure if that was their fault or the agent &quot;letsgo2&quot; but I wasted over three hours sorting out the sorrect configuration of rooms for a party of eight!Concierge were very efficient, and will book anything you want, recomend places to eat etc.	
Oct 31 2008 	average	I specifically booked a one bedroom suite with a double sized sofa bed as my husband and I were sharing the room with my mother. My mother was to get the bedroom and we were to go on the sofabed. When we checked in and went to the room, we did have a one bed suite, but it was tiny, very worn and tired and only had a single person sofa bed. After several phone calls and going back down to the front desk we finally got the room we booked. However, we had to move our baggage to our new room ourselves. All of this made us late for our evening reservations.This room was much larger and nicer. However, it is still worn and tired decor wise. The kitchen areas are pretty old!! The heating controls are also extremley outdated as well. My mother said the bed was very comfortable but the sofa bed was not. The bathroom was on the small side, but thats no suprise in NY. In future, I will stay in a smaller room in a nicer hotel.	
Oct 28 2008 	Great Stay	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Affinia Manhattan for 4 nights in October. We booked a studio Suite and were not disapointed.The rooms are large and clean with plenty of room to relax after a long days shopping in Manhattan. Not that you'd be staying indoors for too long.I had read most of the reviews on this website prior to booking and was slightly worried about the noise levels and the proximity of our room to the fire station. And yes, we were on the 5th floor overlooking the Fire station (room 525). While there was some noise (windows are only single glazed) it was nothing to get too worried about. We slept soundly and had no complaints. The beds are fantastic and HUGE! The shower room was quite small but adequate and very clean. Really, i have no complaints about this hotel, the staff couldn't have been nicer, and we found the cleaning staff were very polite. Just to let you know, on the last day when funds were running quite low and we needed to get to the airport in a hurry we were offered a Town Car from the hotel to the airport by the Door Man for a flat rate of $55. This is cheaper that any taxi and far more comfortable. The location is also fantastic. You could not be more centrally located than here with Madison Square Gardens just across the road. I will stay at the Affinia Manhattan again and recommend it to anyone. Fantastic Stay!!!!	
Oct 28 2008 	Good hotel for the location and space	We booked the Affinia Manhattan through hotels.com as it had a great deal going for a one-bedroom suite for the same price as most other hotels could do for a double bed studio. There were four of us so space was key but October's a really expensive time to visit NY and so I tried every hotel, B&amp;B etc over the months leading up to our stay. In the end, it came down to Affinia and another hotel, but after speaking to people, there was really no choice in the end! We contacted the hotel directly to confirm our reservation and also to request an upgrade as three of the four travellers were celebrating birthdays.We all arrived around midnight and were checked in quickly however I was disappointed with the room. We were on the 6th floor and, as others have mentioned, the room decor is extremely dated and the kitchen could well be straight out of any student flat. The room was also very dark as the windows are either blocked by very noisy air-conditioning units, or they look straight out to the other buildings which tower above. One of the sheets had a hole in it and basically, the whole place was tired. On the plus side, there are two bathrooms which made it much easier for four of us and the pull-out sofa was adequate. (Although no linen had been left for it so it was 45 mins and two phone calls at past midnight before we got these.)As it was so late, we didn't worry about the room as it's fine for sleeping in. After spending the next day touring the sights, we spoke to reception about changing our room and I have to agree with other reviewers that Will (surname is Large I think?) on reception is fantastic. He listened to a small complaint we had, dealt with it quickly and also arranged for us to move rooms the following day (as the hotel was full that night). We were moved to another one-bedroom suite but this time with a king-sized bed, and on the 27th floor so sunshine and a view of the river. (Incidentally, when we were meant to move, the room wasn't ready and I got the run-around a bit from the person I was dealing with. When I phoned reception again to ask when it would be ready, I got Will and he actually went up to the room himself to check on it before calling me back with an update.) It had similar decor to the first room, but everything just slightly cleaner and fresher. I would certainly recommend this room for the price we paid.The location is really great - straight across the road from Penn station/Madison Square, one block from Maceys, just a short walk to the Empire State etc...On the whole, I would stay there again but only when requesting a higher level room which seem to be a bit better quality. The staff were all friendly and I know for a fact we couldn't get anything remotely close to the size and location for a similar price at other hotels.	
Oct 27 2008	Disappointing to say the least	My parents, myself and a friend chose to stay at the Affinia this summer. We selected it because it appeared to be one of the best rated hotels on this site for the price range we wanted to pay with a good central location. On entering the lobby eveything looked very impressive. It was very spacious with seating, a large tourist desk and nicely decorated. We were checked in quickly and the staff seemed very nice. We got in the lift up to one of the higher floors which we had requested due to the noise of the fire station nearby. On stepping out of the lift we were a bit shocked by the state of the corridors. It felt like a hospital - very dingy, grey and with worn out carpets. The worst thing was that there was an incredibly musty smell throughout the corridor. My friend and I were initally quite pleased when we entered the room because it was incredibly spacious with 2 good sized double beds, a round dining table, TV, kitchenette with a huge fridge, sink, etc. Our room had a view down to Madison Square Gardens which was great. The bathroom was disappointing as it was not at all clean. There were long black hairs all over the floor, in the bath and in the sink. It was also incredibly dated and there was a cupboard which was filthy inside. I felt quite ill seeing it. The beds seemed clean and were very comfy and the rest of the room was also clean enough. The next morning we headed out of the room and were instantly hit by the musty smell again. It had got worse. We were in New York when it was over 100 degrees so we wondered if this was making it worse. Walking to the lift there were a lot of breakfast trays outside doors probably not helping the smelll but we overlooked this considering it was just after breakfast.. On returning to the hotel in the late afternoon we were shocked to see all the dirty breakfast trays were STILL sitting on the floor - not impressive!! And not surprisingly the smell was worse still. My parents requested a new room because unlike ours, theirs smelt musty inside too. They were given a master suite but were not best pleased when they found it was also musty. They complained again and were told the hotel would be undergoing refurbishment soon. On leaving the hotel we were wheeling our cases through the hallway and a huge laundry cart was left across the corridor as 2 cleaners chatted to each other. They saw us coming and could clearly see we couldn't get past with our cases but instead of moving the cart they continued to chat. This meant I had to move the cart myself and after I did so they just smiled. I don't go to a hotel to push laundry carts about . . . Overall we were disappointed because cleanliness is probably the first thing we want from a hotel. Good points were the location - right by Madison Square Gardens and Penn station where we got the train to DC for the next part of our trip. Macy's and Times Sq are also just a few blocks away. The room size was excellent and would be good for a young family especially with the kitchenette etc. The concierge were very helpful especially at the tourist desk as they helped us with theatre info and booking a very popular restaurant. The restuarant attached to the hotel was wonderful and did the most delicous Egg's Benedict with salmon so it's worth just going to the restaurant. Not cheap but delicous!For us the good points don't outweigh the bad and we will NOT be staying there again.	
Oct 26 2008 	Fridge noise ruined it for me	Pretty average overall. Good size room, nice bath, pleasant door man but dated lobby and corridors. My studio had a good size kitchen and lots of utensils which is a good idea but the fridge was seriously noisy. I had to turn it off to be able to sleep. Bed linen had very high synthetic content so I woke up every morning completely drenched in sweat. One of the ladies at the information desk was very rude (even by NYC standards). You should be able to do better if you shop around.	
Oct 25 2008 	Not what i expected!	Checked into the hotel and had booked a 1 bedroomed suite for myself and my 3 girlfriends...check in process was a bit slow...clerk advised they had just got a new system and they were having a few issues with it..ok so we remained patiant....we got given our keys and then dismissed from the desk with no intructions as to how to get to this room...after a few questions were shown locations of the lifts and which floor we needed to be on.when we got into the room we had 1 bedroom suite with 1 king bed and a living area with a chair and a desk and a 2 seater sofa.then there was a separate bathroom and kitchen.I then thought ok so where are we all supposed to sleep?I called the front desk and was attempting to explain that there seemed to be a bit of a prob as there was only 1 bed.The girl i spoke to was not very helpfull at all and said well we advertise that the room only has either 1 king or 2 double beds.We had rq 2 beds and had not been given this...i was advised that the hotel didnt have any of the suites with 2 double beds avail so we couldnt move to another room.fine,i accepted it was what it was a rq and this obviously on this occation could not be fullfilled.she advised that the sofa was in fact a sofa bed so 2 of us would have to sleep on that.I advised that there was no linen in the room so could they at least bring that and make up the bed for us??!!!They brought the bedding(which consisted of 2 sheets and a itchy blanket!)The bed sofabed had to be the most unfortable bed i have ever had the pleasure of sleeping in!!!!I slept on the floor with the sofabed cushions which was better than the matress on the sofabed!!!The rooms are also very dark with very little natural light which made it feel a little dingey.....On the positive side the hotel was in a really good location and has a very good bar downstairs for your cocktails!Dont let this reveiw put you off from staying here ....i go to NYC at least once a year and for the amount paid its a good base in which to explore the city...but i dont think i personally would return.	
Oct 24 2008 	Great Hotel	Stayed here for 5 nights with my wife as a birthday/anniversary holiday. We had a large room on the 25th floor with the biggest bed I have ever slept in, plus a choice of pillows. Bathroom was small but had everything including a very powerful shower. There was also a small kitchen with cooker, fridge, coffee maker etc but we only used the fridge for cool drinks. Neither of us wanted to cook on holiday, even breakfast. There was also a small store room for suitcases etc, good sized wardrobe, plenty of drawer of drawer space, TV etc. Decor was perhaps a little tired but we only slep there so it was perfectly acceptable.The hotel is very well situated, opposite Madison Square Gardens. There is a great bar/ restaurant across the road - Harringtons. And a great bar called Seven a few doors down from it. Both well worth a visit.Staff were very courteous and helpful. Only slight drawback was a fire station on 31st and a police station on 32nd, so sirens went all night but then this is New York.All in all I would thoroughly recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Oct 21 2008 	yes very nice and convenient	Very helpful doorman upon arrival and during entire 5 days, even though I am an ugly man. Room wasn't lavish, but not out dated. Big roomy shower, no tub; huge closet. Internet at 10$ per day seemed steep, but gives incentive to not surf (or work) in room. Some hotels still want 24$ per day for internet, so it wasn't too bad. Very convenient to trains and excellent eateries from donut shops and c-stores to elegant dining. Nice view of Empire State Building from our room. I would stay again, but not at rack rates. worth about 125 - 150$ per night.	
Oct 16 2008 	Not acceptable	The room was worn out. Bathrooms were too small and old. Kitchen was run down and appliances needed to be replaced. I was afraid to turn on the stove. Lobby is great but rooms are not. It is conveniently located to Madison Square Garden but that is all it has going for it.	
Oct 14 2008 	Affinia Manhattan: save your money and go somewhere else!	It was my wife's 40th birthday; the dollar was low and I wanted to do something special. So off to New Jersey and New York. Long Beach Island was great, fantastic people and beaches, great Victorian guesthouse. The Barclays golf tournament was excellent fun (my wife is a golf fanatic). But I was saving the best for last: a few nights in the centre of Manhattan in a great hotel. But no, alas disapointment. I'd booked a room with a terrace through the Affinia's &quot;Al Fresco&quot; summer promotion. The terrace turned out to be a balcony overlooked by large chunks of the hotel and the bottle of champagne promised as part of the deal never turned up. The room itself was tired, out dated, run down and very disapointing for the price. The door to the balcony would not close properly, and the kitchenette area felt as though it was from a student's house. The bathroom was tiny and also faded. Internet access was advertised at an exorbitant rate - hotels of this (theroretical as it turned out) standard should offer wifi access for free. Staff were average. The linked bar/restaurant down stairs feels like it is from the 1970's (and not in a good way).I had asked for an early check-in as we had limited time in New York (did not get it when we arrived early and had to wait ages for the bags to be stored); we asked for a late check-out as our flight home was at 8.00pm (did not get it and the house manager was border-line rude).If you want to stay in New York and want something special, avoid this hotel. Do not spend extra on a balcony (ooops, sorry, &quot;terrace&quot;), it is essentially pointless and useless for supping non-existent champagne with the setting sun.I booked directly with the hotel and so received their feedback form by email and gave much (trying to be positive) criticism but no-one got in touch after I sent it in. Overall very disapointed, I shall not return; next time I would stay in Brooklyn, get a better hotel with better facilities for the same (or less) money and enjoy the walk in over the Brooklyn bridge. It is a shame that the 40th trip ended like this.	
Oct 11 2008 	Great Hotel! Great Location!	We stayed at the Affinia Manhattan for 5 nights in Sepember. We had a Studio Suite with 2 double beds. The room was not quite as large as I thought it would be after looking at the photos on this site, but since we were only there long enought to sleep it wasn't a big deal. The room was very nice and very clean.The kitchenette was very nice also, We puchased a gallon of milk and some other items and saved a little money by having breakfast there every morning.We had a room on the 20th floor and aside from the occasional fire sirens and horn honking it was very quiet. After the first night, you get used to the noise of the city.The staff was very courteous and helpful. Housekeeping was also very good. They even cleaned our dirty dishes for us.The location is wonderful. My son thought it was very cool to be staying right across the street from Madison Square Garden. There are subway stations every where and it is only about a 10 minute walk to Times Square.I would definately recommend the Affinia to other people and would stay here again if I'm ever in New York again.	
Oct 10 2008 	Perfect Place to Stay!	My friend and I stayed here last weekend. What a perfect location! We were within walking distance to so many things...attractions, restaurants, theaters, subways, etc. We were on the 18th floor and had absolutey NO problem with any noise from the streets. I fully expected it to be noisy (I mean, you're in the middle of Manhattan!) but it was very quiet. Never heard other people in their rooms either. Our suite was adorable and the kitchenette was very useful! All of the staff that we interacted with were courteous and helpful. Would stay there again in a heartbeat and would recommend it to anyone!	
Oct 3 2008 	Great hotel in convenient location	We stayed at the Affinia Manhattan for 5 nights in early September 2008. I originally booked a suite, but when we arrived we had actually been upgraded to a one bed suite on the 22nd floor, which was a lovely surprise, particularly as we were in New York to celebrate my girlfriends 30th birthday. Our room had great views of 7th Avenue and Madison Square Garden, it comprised a large living area, fully equipped kitchen, two bathrooms, a bedroom with queen size bed and large roof terrace. The room was huge and so comfortable that we didn’t want to leave it! Even on the 20th floor we did experience some street noise from the taxi’s and fire engines racing down 7th Avenue, but to us it encapsulated what life is like living in a busy city and we thought it actually added to the experience of being in Manhattan. It certainly didn't cause us any sleepless nights. As other people have said the hotel is situated in a great location, opposite Penn Station and within easy walking distance of Times Square, the Empire State Building and Macy’s. A great base to explore the city from.We found all the hotel staff to be extremely friendly and helpful. Everyone that we encountered did everything they could to ensure that we had a pleasant stay and it left a very favourable impression. Two stand out members of the Affinia team were Maureen (concierge) who helped us to purchase tickets, book trips and generally provided a wealth of useful tips and information; and, Will (front desk) who, when I did make a relatively minor compliant about our room, resolved the problem very quickly and efficiently. Thanks for those complementary engagement cocktails by the way Will! We ate in the hotel restaurant (Niles) on one occasion and were really impressed with the quality of the food and the surroundings. We also ordered room service a couple of times, again the food was good and arrived promptly. Overall we were really impressed with the Affinia Manhattan, so much so, it’s a hotel that we would definitely return to in the future.	
Oct 1 2008 	Comfortable	The Affinia Manhattan is more like an apartment rather than a hotel. You just get that homely feeling as soon as you walk into the lobby.The hotel is in a very good location at the south end of midtown &amp; right across the road from Madison Square Garden &amp; Penn station.The room we stayed in was very clean &amp; had a small kitchen which came in very handy. The room was very comfortable &amp; there was a pretty good restuarant &amp; bar downstairs next to the lobby.Just like most hotels in NYC, it is a bit pricey for what you are getting.	
Sep 29 2008 	Spot on!	Very nice hotel, all the staff were very friendly towards us.We had a studio room and were expecting something that you could just walk around the bed, but our room was huge for manhattan rooms and the price.Maureen on the concierge desk was especially helpful on several occasions for booking tickets and general advice. She knows her stuff!Very well placed hotel in terms of transport links.We had e-mailed in advance to ask for a room on a high floor and are needs were catered to.Would recommend going to Ginger House for some food if you like chinese food, its across the street and down one block i think. Very good food.would easily go back to this hotel again!	
Sep 26 2008 	Great stay will do it again.	I stayed at the Affinia during the labor day weekend. It was myself and 5 girlfriends, we stayed in one of the 2 bedroom suites with a kitchen and 2 bathrooms. We were all very impressed, and enjoyed our stay all 3 nights. The staff was friendly and the beds were comfortable, but mostly the location was perfect. The rooms are a little tired and could use some new paint but they were equiped with flat screen t.v.'s and very roomy. I am a travel agent and I wont be afraid to sell this property to my clients. See you next year Affinia!!!!	
Sep 25 2008 	Wonderful experience again at Affinia Manhatten	This was our second stay. We drove into city and were met by a wonderful gentleman who took over our valet parking. Last stay we came by train to Penn station which is across the street. The staff (as before) were polite , professional and our reservation was exactly what we requested. Our room was a one bedroom suite. You felt as if you were staying in a luxury apartment in Manhatten. Kitchen with reg. size fridge. Bedroom large with soft sheets and lots of pillows. There is also a pillow menu if you want to try something unique. We were on the 25 floor. Quiet except for the occational honk or siren. I loved it !  The hotel is convienient to shops, resturants and a short walk to Times Square. The Affinia is an excellant choice for the price. Next year we plan on a family vacation for our twenty + aged children and know we will feel welcomed and have a magnificant time. One last thought .The Affinia has a very large , professional staff that will make you feel like a special guest!	
Sep 25 2008 	Good Hotel: Pity about the Street Noise	The Affinia is well positioned in Manhatten and close to a subway station on 28th street or at Penn station a few yards away. The hotel is comfortable with spacious rooms and helpful staff. So why not at least 4 stars. The down side is noise. Previous reviewers have mentioned the nearby fire station but the big continuous issue is the huge metal sheet that all traffic rumbles over as it passes one side of the hotel. So even on the 5th floor the noise was obvious night and day. So by all means use this hotel but insist on a high level room and one that doesn't face onto street level	
Sep 20 2008 	Very Good Hotel: Wonderful Location	We stayed in the Affinia Manhattan over labor day weekend and were thoroughly satisfied with all aspects of the hotel. We got a rate for approximately $300 per night and thought that given this price the Affinia really fit the bill among its peers at this price level.The location is just prime - easy to get to and from the hotel to basically all locations in the city. And the area that the hotel is in provides for ample looking around.The hotel itself is a nice building although a little different. Not sure it has always been a hotel. It seems like a big bank lobby or something similar. But it is inviting and welcoming nonetheless. Staff was good and accomodating.We had the smallest room - a queen. It was clean thorughout, the bed was comfy, the AC worked and it was quiet. Nothing that outstanding about the room - but for the heart of the city it was really quite good size. And the bed really was comfortable.The exercise room is small but surprisingly well equipped. We really enjoyed this amenity and the fact that it is open 24 hours.Overall - you can't go wrong staying here. Very good spot for a weekend trip.	
Sep 17 2008	Great hotel  1 bedroom kitchenette suite	The entrance was grand. The staff were friendly and helpful. Willing to help you. The bed and pillows were great. Woke up every morning feeling good. I wanted to take a pillow home with me. We were on the 23rd floor which was quiet. The 1 bedroom suite with a queen size bed was very comfortable and had it own full bathroom. My brother slep in the hidabed in the living area which also had a full bathroom which he said it was also conforatable. Great location across from Madison Square Garden and Penn station. A block away from Macy's and 3 blocks away from Empire state building. I would recommend this hotel. I would recommend this hotel.	
Sep 17 2008 	Could not fault it!	Affina Manhattan, right across from madison square garden and so a great central place to stay. Staff really friendly, rooms huge (we got 2 double beds when we booked our twin) with fridge to keep our drinks and breakfast cool in. cannot fault it and would definately stay again.	
Sep 16 2008 	Good but Noisy - great location	Had a good, if exhausting, week in the Affinia Manhattan. Not cheap by any means and this room in other countries would command half the price. When I mentioned the noise, the guy behind the reception desk burst into laughter and said 'you didnt expect noise in NYC'? I did, but I hadnt really given it much consideration... this hotel is built over a fire station. The engines go out with full sirens and horns, 3 or 4 times every night. We were on the 15th floor, but felt the noise would have been similar if we had been in a sleeping bag in the fire station itself. To reduce this, ask for a VERY high floor, 20 or above! The size of the room was actually fine, we had two double beds; just 2 adults, my daughter and myself. I chose this hotel because of the availability of a kitchenette in the room, and the fridge &amp; coffee maker proved very useful. Also, a couple of nights when we were tired, we bought a take-out from the Chinese just across the road, and brought it into the room, ate in bed! So having plates &amp; cutlery was useful too. Bathroom a little run down, tiny bath - just a shelf that you can perch on if you need to, couldnt really actually HAVE a bath. Shower above, worked fine. Slightly grubby tiles, needed updating a bit.Directly across the road from Madison Square Garden, the location is brill. Walking distance (couple of blocks, 500yds maybe) to Macys. Macys is just a fantastic shop! Close to the 'hop on hop off' bus stop too, so can't fault the location at all. MAUREEN on the concierge desk is worth waiting for if she's busy - she knows her stuff, and will make great suggestions, couldn't have been more helpful. Someone should give her a pay rise...The airconditioning in the room worked very well, room was icy cold. But it was actually a huge clunking beast stuck into the glass of the window (the size of a fridge), and if you closed the curtains, it stopped the airconditioner, so you were cool all night but had the noise and the early light coming straight into the room.. or you closed it up and sweated to death, but it was a bit darker!So in summary, I'm not sorry that I chose the Affinia. I think it's way expensive and way noisy - but as the guy on reception said 'this is New York, what did you expect'?	
Sep 15 2008 	Good Hotel	We stayed at the Affinia Manatttan from 29th August - 2nd September, 2008. Although the hotel was obvsiously built many years ago, the rooms are light and airy. We had a large suite on the 11th floor. The room was spotlessly clean, and our only criticism was that the shower in the bathroom was very small, and considering the size of the suite it certainly could have been bigger without losing much space. The only other drawback was that the room was noisy due to the fire station along the road and lorries collecting the garbage in the middle of the night, plus the general hustle and bustle of New York, so we were not able to get a peaceful night's sleep. All of the staff were very friendly, and both the reception ladies and gentelmen were charming and attentive, and also responded to any requests efficiently. The Concierege staff were also exceedingly helpful, and the doormen and chambermaids were cheerful and obliging.All in all we were delighted with our stay at the hotel. It was our third time in New York, and each time we have stayed at a different hotel, not by choice necessarily but because of the offers available. On the second occasion we stayed at The Astoria, and both my husband and I feel that the Affinia Manhattan was superior in each department.Thank you guys.Juliette and Gerald Bougourd.	
Sep 15 2008	Brilliant Hotel!	My wife and I stayed here for 8 days from 1 - 8 September. It was our wedding anniversary, so they gave us a corner room on the 26th floor, with a balcony overlooking 7th Avenue and MSG. The staff were excellent, the room was huge and the location is perfect. Not the quietest hotel, but hey, you're in New York, what do you expect? The Affinia is a great place to stay if you want to in the middle of it all! Nile's restaurant was also a great place to eat and relax!	
Sep 12 2008 	Fleas at the Affinia Manhattan	We had a great first few days in New York staying at this hotel. We had two suites between four of us, with large comfy beds, a small kitchenette, and small but clean bathroom. Room size was good, though windows and carpets pretty grubby. We were happy enough initially, particularly with the location, right opposite Penn Station, near Empire State, Times Square etc.Our room was number 910, ninth floor. It was noisy from the fire engines opposite and the constant car horns, but we learned to put up with that.However, my daughter and I were being bitten on our lower legs over the days but we didn’t know what it was until the 5th day when I found a flea on hopping across the white towel in the bathroom. We caught it and killed it, but by this time I had eight bites on my lower legs and my daughter had 13. We quietly told reception, who at first were nice about it. Kept saying the hotel had never had such a problem and they were sure it was not a flea, though pets are permitted. We produced the ‘flea’ and it was sent away for analysis. They offered us a change of room, as if they were doing us a huge favour. We didn’t want to move, with only two nights left, but eventually agreed if they moved all four of us to adjacent rooms. Our new room was inferior, smaller beds, inaccessible mirror, darker, and noisier being three floors down. We asked for some sort of compensation and from that moment the staff we were dealing with became less than friendly, or rather 'sarcastically friendly'. They eventually and reluctantly agreed to knock one night off the bill, but left us feeling it was our fault, and that we must have brought the fleas with us!A quick search on Trip Advisor reveals that a number of other guests have been bitten while staying there, so beware. They never did report back on the analysis of said ‘flea’. To be honest, if they had done the decent thing and accepted the problem as theirs and offered reasonable compensation without us having to ask for it, I would not be writing this. Been home 2 days and still itching!!!	
Sep 10 2008 	Great Hotel	We only had one night at this hotel on our way back to UK, but it was excellent, I got a very good price for a Sunday night ($176 inc tax) very clean and spacious, excellent location, only negative comment would be that the bathroom in our studio suite was miniscule, we are both fairly small, but hit the wall when showering! But that did not detract from lovely room and kitchenette, wish we could have stayed longer.	
Sep 10 2008 	Location A1	We are just back from a very enjoyable 4 night stay at the Affinia Manhattan. The location is excellent, so near Macy's its dangerous for the credit card! Only a short walk from Time Square, right opposite Madison Sq Garden.Staff were very helpful and friendly. Rooms are spacious and clean, beds very comfy, our bathroom was a little small but very clean. Decor is a little dated, but rooms aare immaculately clean.	
Sep 9 2008 	great central hotel	having recently visited New York thought i would share our thoughts on the Affinia manhattan ...its great ..... not only is it in a central place [ over the road from penn station and madisson square gardens , but also just a short walk to anywhere for example broadway , Top of the rock , central park ] but its very quiet and the room are very accomodating and comfortable ....basically what more could you want !!!!nothing seemed to be a problem .we were very impressed and would recommend it to anyone wanting a decent place to stay .we didnt eat at the Hotel but took advice from others on this site and ate at places like the Tic toK cafe which is just round the corner	
Sep 6 2008 	Great value and location!!	Online research led me to the Affinia Manhattan and I was not disappointed. My mother and I spent 5 days in NYC at the beginning of Sept/08. We went to shop, see some shows and enjoy the city. This was not our first trip to NYC, but it was our first to the Affinia Manhattan. The location was perfect for all our purposes - walk to theatre, Columbus Circle/Central Park, Empire State Building, Macy's and Whole Foods Market. The subway station to all other points is practically outside the hotel front door, and the neighbourhood was delightful and safe. We were upgraded to a one bedroom suite at check in, which was more than enough room for the two of us. We had a full kitchen, which was great for a quick and cheap breakfast and any leftovers from the huge portions served at many restaurants. The bed, bedding, pillow menu and two bathrooms were exceptional. We heard very little street noise from our room and no interior noise. The rooms were clean, though not the most modern and could use an update. The staff was always friendly, quick to respond, helpful and polite. We never felt pressured to tip or use a particular service - we were all-around very pleased with our stay. We would both stay here again, but are also interested in checking out the other Affinia hotels in NYC.	
Sep 6 2008 	Great location	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Affinia Manhattan for 4 nights last month. We had a one bedroomed suite on the 8th floor. Our room was located at the side of the building, was which quiet and drowned out road noise. The only downside was it was very dark as had little natural light.The room was clean and spacious. Only downside was in bed we got a lot of noise from next door's toilet and shower which was a nuisance.On the plus side, the location of this hotel was fantastic. About 10 mins walk straight up the road gets you right in the middle of Times Square. The underground is just across the road. Would consider this hotel again but would like a different room	
Sep 5 2008 	Excellent central location	This hotel has a ver grand lobby and a brilliant cocktail bar. the staff are very friendly and are only to happy to help should you need anything. The hotel provides tea and coffee on a morning. The rooms are very basic and are a lot different to those pictures on this site which must be ultra superior rooms. However as we were hardly there much it didnt matter too much. The bed was very comfy which was the most important thing owing to the ammount of walking we did! The bathroom was a bit dated and the toilet did brake but it was fixed by morning. The hotel is situated is a very good location opposite Penn Station and madison square gardens. Close to the shopping districts and attractions. It would have been nice to have a view of the the area but we had an air conditioning unit in our window looking out onto another building. On the whole though it was good.	
Sep 5 2008 	Loved the Affinia Manhattan	Had a terrific stay at the Affinia Manhattan Hotel. The staff were fantastic in every part of the hotel. Check in was the best i have ever had. Very straight forward. We were fortunate to have a very charming gentleman book us in. The luggage boy was just out of this world with his attention to detail. He is a treasure for any hotel. The staff at the restaurant were brilliant. Let us not forget pete and Dave from the bar. Two exceptional barmen. The room was terrific. We had a view looking straight up 7th avenue. This was amazing. I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel to anyone. It is very central. The concierge desk has fantastic staff. If every hotel was like this it would be brilliant. Keep up the good work.	
Sep 4 2008 	No better place from which to explore the city with kids!	Room, hotel location, staff and service were all good to great. Stayed for a week with our two young sons (6 &amp; 10), and it would be a very hard place to beat for the money. Our rate was $325/night for a spacious two-room suite with a small, but nice and clean kitchen which allowed us to make several breakfasts and one dinner in our room, saving a ton for a few restaurant splurge nights. Fly into Newark, take the Air Train (kids ride free on weekends) almost to the hotel's front door (you arrive at Penn Station, a block away). Then buy a week-long subway pass for $25 per adult (again, young kids ride free) and you can easily get to anywhere in all five burroughs without ever needing a cab. We didn't try room service or the hotel's restaurant next door, so can't comment on that, but otherwise this hotel exceeded our expectations on all counts. Highly reccomended. And in case you haven't been to Manhattan, Times Square is about a ten-minute walk north of this hotel, the Empire State Building is only a couple blocks away, and the Flatiron building is about a ten minute walk south. The hotel is right next to Madison Square Garden (which sits atop Penn Station) and a two short blocks from Macy's.	
Sep 3 2008 	Great Hotel	My husband and I had 5 wonderful nights in this Hotel. Great position, right across the road from Madison Sq Garden. The service was A1, and the rooms very roomy and clean. It is obviiously an old Hotel, but that didnt take away from the overall service and cleaniliness of the hotel.We would reccommend this hotel. Even the door man , Angel , was a great help and always happy.Marg Galt (Australia)	
Sep 3 2008 	Loved the Affinia	Myself and my mum stayed in this hotel on a shopping break for a week. The hotel is in a great location directly opposite Madison Square Garden and Penn Station. It is a short walk to Macy's, ladies mile etc. The location is one of the best things about this hotel, it was easy to walk to Time's square (about 15 minutes comfortable walk).We booked a room with two double beds in, which was nice. It was a reasonable size room, small bathroom and a little kitchen, which had everything you would expect in it. There is air conditioning, which is in the window alongside one of the beds and if you close the curtains you don't get any of the benefit from the air con!! We were on the 15th floor, it was quite noisy. I would recommend asking for higher!! There is a fire station within the same block of the hotel, and everytime they go out on a call the sirens are on! It is a very noisy city!This hotel benefits from a concierge desk right in the centre of the lobby - away from reception, so if you have a question you don't have to stand in line with everyone waiting to check in and out. Maureen on concierge is far and away the best member of staff. We were able to book theatre tickets, bus tickets, tour tickets etc. all with her. We got recommendations for restaurants, tours and everything else you would expect.In summary, a good hotel with everything you need in a fabulous location, ask for a high floor if you plan to sleep at all!!! But this is NY!	
Sep 2 2008 	Decent but not superior	We stayed here for a wedding. Despite the reduced wedding rate, the price was high and service average. The location, near Penn Station, is excellent. The restaurant breakfast is poor, however. The room was large and had a kitchen.	
Sep 2 2008 	Fabulous Stay	Unbelievable stay! Would return again. The comfort and professionalism was superb. Loved having a choice of 6 different pillows!	
Aug 31 2008 	nice hotel !!! myriam from Tipperary Nov 2007	stayed here for 5 nights with friends there was 5 of us we had a junior suite between 3 of us and the other 2 had a studio place was very central to everything thought it was a little pricey cost us 520 euro each our room was a little cold when we complained there was some one up to fix it straight away found them to be very helpful the door man is so nice very chatty the total cost for the 5 of us to stay was 2600 euro with no breakfast all in all had a great time in new york cant wait to go back but wil be looking for something a little bit cheaper	
Aug 31 2008	Great Location!!! Clean.	Stayed for 2 nights. Great Location. In the middle of the city. #3blocks from Macy's. 10 Blocks from Time Square (15 minuite walk). Staff was nice and energetic. Though they do need to work on their direction giving skills. The bathroom was a bit small for my taste but it was clean. The bed was huge! Very comfortable. And if you sign up on their website and tell them you want certain amenties its there waiting for you in the hotel room.	
Aug 30 2008 	Give this hotel a chance	Second time to stay here, was a bit secptical after reading the reviews on this website.Emailed Amy the customer service manager and got quick reponse and room request was grantedStaff at main desk and lobby very friendly - rooms clean and spacious. Would have no hesitation to stay again. I am planning to return for my next visit. Location is great - remember New York is noisy - you will not find rooms on the Main Avenues that are quiet,	
Aug 27 2008 	Fantastic	Arrived after having been travelling for over 20 hours, checkedin with Nino who started to explain NY then said come back tomorrow when you are awake and I will go through it then with you.Lovely rooms with two bathrooms. Kitchen fully fitted with crockery etc.Stayed 4 nights, lots of help from Nino and others. Had room service from Niles as well as breakfast which was lovely.On last day was concerned about cost of getting to Newark to collect car, Angel the doorman set it all up with a driver and a Lincoln Town car - good job as we had started our shopping early. It was a fixed rate with an excellent driver.Throughly recommend it and we will be back!!!	
Aug 26 2008 	what a dump!	Booked for a cruise to celebrate father in laws 70th and daughter's 16th birthdaysand decided to stop in New York for 4 nights first. Booked into Affinia by FastTrack Holidays (Virgin) who told us this was an upgrade from the usual 2 star 1 night pre-cruise stopover .We had written confirmation that we would have 3 adjoining rooms but on arrival the rooms were not even on the same floor. Turned out we had been booked into the cheapest rooms in the hotel and they were absolutely awful ! Dark , dingy, not very clean, with just about enough room to get in and out of bed on either side. Website claims this is a suite hotel with fridge, kitchen etc in room - not in our rooms! no fridge -no dressing table, bathroom scrappy with damaged glass on bathroom cabinet doors. Very, very disappointing - complained to hotel and to Virgin New York office but it was just tough luck as far as they were concerned -like it or lump it seemed to be the attitude!I would not recommend this hotel - rooms were much in need of decoration (and expansion).	
Aug 24 2008 	Wonderful hotel loved everything about it	Just returned from staying 4 nights at the Affinia Manhatten. I went with my sisters and no one had any complaints about our stay there. The rooms were spacious, bathrooms spacious, beds were absolutely wonderful, staff pleasant. I would like to especially thank Maureen one of the conceiges, she was most helpful and very pleasant. I would highly recommend this hotel. We were on the 28th floor and the noise level was not a problem.	
Aug 24 2008	Great location	Great location, no personal service though. Hotel was going through change at the time so I can forgive that. Rooms very comfortable	
Aug 23 2008 	Wonderful!!!!	I used Priceline to book this trip, I was not expecting anything outstanding. WOW! Was I wrong. Everyone associated with the Affinia 50 was amazing! They were helpful and polite!  I average two trips a year to NYC with my children and we have stayed in some really nice places that cost alot of money and we have stayed in some dives that have cost alot of money but our stay at Affinia 50 was the best ever. We will be staying at this hotel for all future trips, the location, the service, the rooms were all great. I would highly suggest this hotel to anyone wanting the best of the best. Thank you to all of the staff at Affina 50!	
Aug 22 2008 	Location location location!	We had a fabulous stay at this hotel with our teenage children. It is in a fantastic place for getting around New York, it’s close to subway stations and is walking distance from the Empire State Building. The staff were excellent - all of them. On our first night my husband and I had a terrible problem with a very noisy and inefficient air conditioning unit in our room. We went to the desk to complain and within an hour our unit had bee replaced by a new one. The concierge was brilliant, really helpful and friendly. The only reason I am not giving this a five star rating is because the room we had was small, as was our kids’. It seems that all rooms that end in 17 are small and quite dark, but perfectly acceptable. Also the decor is all a bit tired. Saying this, I would definitely recommend it as a destination.	
Aug 20 2008 	Fantastic location	Location of the hotel was fantastic, a couple of minutes from Macy's, diagonally opposite Madison Square Gardens and within easy walking distance of both Times Square and the Empire State Building. We had a corner room which meant that the view was straight down 7th Avenue and Times Square with all the lights and glitz. Traffic noise was not great though with the local fire station in the same block and the expected honking of horns 24/7. having said that, it is to be expected and my kids, the wife and I were so shattered by the end of each day, we slept through most of it.The view from the window more than made up for all of it.The hotel staff were so-so, not as cheery or welcoming as concierges around Europe but again that is a New Yorker trait? We found the same grouchy demeanour from most New Yorkers in the shops ranging from disinterest to rude (particularly if you gave any impression of not wanting to buy).But New York is an amazing place and one I will visit again for certain - it is so buzzing and even in the 9 days we were there, there was so much I still wanted to do (but the kids were too young). The location of the hotel was perfect for us also and we would not hesitate to return despite the luke-warm reception.	
Aug 18 2008 	Thankyou	Having selected the hotel after reading reviews and for the locality I emailed the hotel prior to going as my husband really wanted a view of the Empire State. Kyle emailed back that he had sorted it out and when we arrived we had a room on the 24th floor with a balcony and a view of the Empire State!! The bed was the best I've slept on and although both the room and bathroom were small they were adequate as we were hardly ever in.I would certainly recommend the Affinia to others. Thankyou for making that part of our holiday special.	
Aug 15 2008 	Great stay	I'm terribly late in reviewing this hotel but I did want to say that we had a great stay. We were given a corner room. It was huge. The beds were probably one of the most comfortable I've stayed in. Loved the pillow menu. The staff was helpful as well. I really don't have a bad thing to say about this place.	
Aug 15 2008 	Most Central Place	Fantastic!!! Went here with my mother on the 28th March and stayed for a week. It was my first time in NY and I have to say the location was bang on. My friend and her mother stayed here for a couple nites with us too. The room that my mam and I had was big (very big) by NY standards. We had a little kitchette and ensuite also and a big closet. We were 11 floors up and our room looked out on 7th Ave. I am going back and I will def stay here. It is just so central. We stayed on a bed only basis but had breakfast in the hotel on our last morning and talk about a choice for breakfast. The bar was always a hub of activity in the evening. very close to Macys - 3 minutes walk. Highly recommend.	
