	Not recommended	This Hotel really sucks... from outside it looks nice and is close to Times Square, however, the hotel does not deserve 4 Stars.Its an old Hotel and the Hotel Lobby is nice, but the rooms are really bad and small.... I was there with my Mother and we had to split a Queen size bed, they said that they dont have double beds and not even King beds and that i received a complimentary upgrade to Queen Size Bed anyways....usually they give out full size... even for 2 people...I found out then that they had Kingsize Beds and did not gives us those...Anyways, rooms are really small and very dark...some rooms doesnt have a window etc...If you get a nice room, it might be ok... but the standard for this Hotel is not 4 Stars !!	
Nov 21 2009 	The Algonquin Hotel just oozes charm and elegance.	It was our first trip to NY....the hotel was so central,it made life very easy for us.The Staff were very helpful and courteous.We will be back!	
Nov 21 2009 	Algonquin lived up to my expectations	I have long wanted to stay at the Algonquin due to its history. We stayed just one night on a weekend trip to the city for a couple of Broadway shows. The hotel was just as I had imagined. They are quite proud of the literary history of its Round Table group, and this shows from the detail in their gorgeous lobby/restaurant to the New Yorker cartoon wallpaper in the corridors to your room. Though our reservation booked via a deeply discounted website was for their smallest room type, we were upgraded to a larger room with bay window and two beds. The bellman who showed us to our room was very pleasant and obviously proud of the hotel. The room decor was absolutely lovely and the place was spotlessly clean. The location is absolutely perfect and I will definitely make this my hotel of choice when a reasonable rate is available - so hard to find in NYC.	
Nov 11 2009 	Fabulous New York Hotel	We stayed from 5th November to 9th November for shopping/site seeing and Bruce Springsteen concert at MSG. We had been to NY before - this stay was truely memorable. Such an amazingly comfortable and friendly hotel. Beds - so comfortable - bliss - as mentioned in other reviews. Lovely hot showers. Relaxing room space. NYC is noisey, you expect it - so what - we always travel with ear plugs, but hey, it did not spoil our sleep time and did not always need them. Would readily book the Algonquin for another visit to NYC.	
Nov 9 2009 	The Algonquin Hotel is FANTASTIC!	After reading some of the reviews before my trip; I must say I was a little nervous. Well, the hotel exceeded my expectations! The historic elegance and charm is absolutely wonderful. Matida (the resident cat) greeted us upon arrival (she is so cute, fluffy and has a little attitude - which is just fine. We arrived before regular check-in time (12:00 noon), so our suite was not ready. I was a little disappointed as I wanted to get settled in before we started our day. The conceriage checked our luggage so we left for awhile until the room was ready. The front desk staff were very accommodating and courteous. Our suite was actually better than I anticipated (given the photos and comments on the size of the rooms). The suite has a living room with pull our Queen size bed and adjoining bedroom with a King size bed and a nice size washroom, walk in closet, bathrobes, etc. etc. The other adjoining room was a twin room which was small, but more than adequate. The decor is a combination of old and retro, very chic and has various books for your reading pleasure and funky prints on the wall (and yes, there may be a spec of wall paper peeling or grout discolouration but it is cleaniness that really matters - The maid service was excellent, and rooms were very kept and well equipped. The room rate was fairly good, given the location; and yes the drinks and food was little pricey (but excellent!). Let me remind you....you are in New York City.The Bartenders were amazing and I highly recommend the Lemondrop Martini (made with fresh lemon juice - simply divine). 10++ I will definitely return to the Algonquin.	
Nov 9 2009 	I would recommend this place to anyone	My teenage daughter and I went for a long weekend trip to NYC and stayed at the Algonquin. I had heard that it was very historic and quaint. The room/bathroom was spotlessly clean, while it was small, however we were not in the room all that much , The concierge, Daniel, was very helpful in recommending a nice restaurant for dinner, (not too pricey) and giving directions to shopping spots. Matilda the cat was ever present, making this place even more special. We stayed on the top floor facing the back, so it was very quiet in the evening. All around, a wonderful hotel.	
Nov 5 2009 	Great Hotel -- Great Find	I stayed at the Algonquin for 4 days in October 2009. I thought the hotel was very charming, reasonably priced for NYC, and we received excellent customer service. The beds, bedding and pillows were perfect! I slept like a baby. I thought the room was quiet and while small, not unusually small for NYC. It was perfectly acceptable. The location was perfect. There was a doorman that was very polite and helpful in getting us a taxi. The person who carried up our bags was extremely charming and recommended their signature martini in the bar. I am naive and didn't realize how expensive it would be -- $17! So unless you are a martini connoisseur or something, be warned! I wasn't sure if that was a normal price for NYC -- I did see a price of $14 elsewhere. We did not eat there, but instead at at a place directly next door that is always packed but reasonably priced and good food. We did have a problem with the air conditioner when we checked in, but within minutes after calling, a man came to repair it and we had no more troubles. I would definitely stay there again. It is so hard to find the perfect place and let's face it, hotels in NYC are so expensive. So this is a keeper. The location was perfect, the service was perfect, the beds were perfect, they had an iron, they had a blowdriver, they had Bath &amp; Bodyworks bath products, great towels, quiet room, great staff.......and a cat, this is my kind of place.	
Nov 2 2009 	Great service great location and some unexpected extras!	We just got back from another stay at The Algonquin in NYC, our favorite hotel. I never thought of it as haunted but treasure its’ storied history. However on our ride up the elevator during this stay a woman (a bit freaky but not a ghost) asked us “are you feeling anything on your side of the hotel?” My first thought was earthquake? I laughingly said “no the round table wouldn’t haunt the place. They weren’t exactly a happy bunch here– why would they hang around?” Then I remembered in a previous stay I was on the elevator and I heard the song in my head “I’m In The Mood For Love” and I jokingly asked aloud who was singing it? To my husband and a fellow passenger ‘thinking about it?’ They responded negatively as if I were nuts but I secretly enjoyed the communication from somewhere?? Back to the most recent stay. We are in the lobby again waiting for the elevator, the doors open to a woman who has luggage and is exasperated. I ask “are you getting off?” She responds with a little whimper in her voice “no I’m trying to get to my floor, the 9th floor but it won’t stop there!” I laughed and confidently entered the elevator, making a joke about it really being haunted but since we are regulars here we’ll ride to her floor and see her off safely! Meanwhile, it stops at every other floor – opens to no one and closes– very creepy, we finally got her to the 9th floor and return to our 5th floor safely.That night while sleeping in the comfy hotel bed I am awakened as I hear a noise similar to moving furniture (a dragging as if on a wooden floor only the hotel rooms are carpeted). It is coming from above our suite which is 506. Dorothy lived and as someone wrote attempted to die many times in 1106. Now awake and alert I ponder the ghost hunter on the elevator with a sort of respect – not fear – I’m so fond of Dorothy and her gang, I know she’s not evil – I wasn’t afraid. Again the next day in the lobby we wait for the elevator, we get on but it’s tiny and 7 other people squeeze in and I start singing in my husband’s ear unconsciously “I’m feeling claustrophobic simply because you’re near me” to the tune of “I’m in the mood for love.” Later in the lobby over a very dry martini I Google the song on my I-phone – convinced the writer might have stayed here – to find out it was written by a very successful female lyricist named Dorothy Fields! It’s funny that we assume it’s the most famous haunting us. It could very well be anyone. The song was a hit as was the hotel for many years. I know I’m not famous but when I die if I could choose where I would hang out The Algonquin and New York City would be my first choice.	
Nov 1 2009 	Eh it'll be fine.	I wouldn't pay full price for this hotel, but it was all we needed for a weekend trip to the city: great location, good service, clean rooms. The hotel had a old New York feel and caters to older people. The rooms are small but tidy and well maintained. You could do worse, just don't expect a hip scene.	
Nov 1 2009 	Classic boutique style hotel with grace over luxury.	First impressions of the hotel are of a bygone elegance with a feeling of a private members club. The lobby has art deco character with big-apple charm and was invariably lively, with all-comers revelling in the history and ambience of the hotel.Staff are friendly and attentive, but their availability was rather erratic with sometimes as many as 5 or more staff around the reception/concierge, down to occasionally just one (very busy) clerk! If you need to ask anything, catch them while you can - don't leave it until another time as their may be no-one free to help you then! Don't read too much into 'small/slow lifts' comments. There are 2 available, each holding 8 people. They'll get you to your floor smoothly and more quietly than most, so those opinions are relative. Same goes for the bathrooms. Plenty of photos have been posted which show the rooms with a bath, a shower, etc... and easily enough floor space for more than 1 person. I guess some people need more 'space' than others. When it comes to the rooms themselves though, comments universally confirm that they are definitely small. The hotel's own site photos show only the larger rooms and suites, which don't form the majority of accomodation. Having said that, we had a large suitcase each, which were adequately stowed and their contents stored in the wardrobe and chest of drawers. There was still space and hangers to spare and with 2 armchairs, a desk and bedside tables too, there's a lot of furniture. So if you plan to spend time strolling in your room and want lots of floorspace, you'll probably need a suite here. Otherwise, if like the majority of us, you want a haven that is very comfortable, clean and provides superbly located accomodation that is just perfect for a respite from the day's strolling around New York sights, then you should find it here. Want a quiet room? Ask for one at the back of the hotel AND away from the lifts. (In New York, a 12 storey hotel is not going to offer you 'views' of anything worth seeing and all rooms that front onto the street will be noisy 24/7.) To help you explore the sights and get around in general, consider buying a Metrocard - a top up card for travel on New York buses and subways. Being so central though, there are many places to eat and drink nearby but I would suggest avoiding any of the restaurants alongside the hotel (although they are, perhaps inevitably, recommended by hotel staff) particularly the Greek restaurant, which is overrated, pretty expensive and the service slow PLUS there's not a Greek person in site, which whiffs of pretention. The exception is the coffee shop/diner almost next door (called the Red Flame I think?) which is always frequented by New Yorkers and it's easy to understand why. Highly recommended. Take note too that although hotel's own bar and restaurant are fine, their drinks are so expensive, it's hard to really enjoy more than 1 (eg. $17 for a glass of wine)If they're important to you, you may also want to take the following into consideration too:Pros: Housekeeping left a daily complementary bottle of water and the safe in the room was free of charge. Cons: There are no tea/coffee making facilities and housekeeping never did a turn down service in our room. Minibar was available on request only.Top Tip: Shop around for prices to this hotel. According to what some reviewers on various sites are quoting for travelling at the same time, we got an excellent deal. This has inevitably affected our viewpoint.	
Oct 26 2009 	I would MAYBE stay here again.	I got an amazing deal($100) with Priceline for this hotel, I got lucky! I stayed here for one night and it was a good experience. The only downside of it was that my bath tub got clogged while I was showering. The weird thing is that it must have been for a while because my hair doesn't really fal out. I didn't tell them because I wasn't staying there another night, but the tub was still clogged when I checked out the next morning. The beds were beyond amazing, I always thought Marriott had the best beds but this hotel beat them. It was very vintage looking but it was really nice. The staff was very friendly, the area is perfect for people who like to be near everything. You have Times Square a block down and 5th Avenue two blocks up. Good location!	
Oct 25 2009 	PERFECTION PERSONIFIED!!	Myself and a friend stayed here for 4 nights for a short trip to New York. I can honestly say, that the hotel was very clean, the beds and the pillows are amazing, I have never slept in such a comfortable bed anywhere else. The rooms are not the largest, but they offer most that is required and I would rather have a smaller room that is quiet, clean and well equipt than a large room that is poorly decorated and adequate!! The only things that I would suggest to the hotel is that it would be nice to have a small fridge or mini bar in the room, the hotel provide, courtesy, bottled water, but there are no means to keep these cold when the weather is of a hotter climate!! It would also be nice to have tea/coffee making facitities to set you up for the start of your day. There is a safe in the room and there is no charge for this, this is a real bonus as a british visitor as there are normally charges for this addiional feature. We did not eat in the hotel so cannot comment on the food, however, we did have a drink one evening and we did find this to be a little expensive, we ordered 1 x schnapps with lemonade and 1 x glass of wine and it came to $28!! The same two drinks in a bar would be $11, so its worth shopping around the bars for the best price. We also met Matilda the cat, she is gorgeous, although she was not in the mood for guests when we met her. The location of the hotel is fantastic, close to everything you need, we only used taxi's on our last day as our legs could physically do no more walking.... This hotel is well deserved of the 4* rating and the staff are very attentive and polite - we shall definiately return without any hesitation!!!	
Oct 24 2009 	A Great Place	Our 2nd trip to this hotel. We're from NJ and use the Broadway night out package which includes parking and breakfast. A great value. The last time, we booked a suite and it was lovely. We've already booked a suite for after Christmas and are planning to stay there again in February 2010 when we have a concert in the city. I even took my daughter there during a day trip to NYC and we had snacks in the bar. I also brought some friends there for drinks after a day of shopping. It was so relaxing. A wonderful oasis in midtown. Staff is great!!!!	
Oct 17 2009 	For this price there are far better quality facilities and service in NY!	1. $400 per night2. Very small room and bath3. Thick gray dust along edges of carpet, corners and anywhere it would be too much trouble to clean4. Heat wasn't working right. Called 3 times for resolve, engineering never showed. Went to front desk and talk to manager (who seemed to care less), still no show. Told concierge on way out to a biz dinner if not corrected by return, wanted another room5. Returned. Heat way high now and no way to control Tired of complaining6. Room service food was average, asked hamburger medium, came close to raw. Got part of order wrong as well with automatic delivery fee and 18% gratuity (guidelines say up to 15% auto with discretion to tipper for more) - not here! Oldest running hotel? It shows!	
Oct 14 2009 	Ear plugs needed	Stayed here for 5 days as part of a trip around the US for our honeymoon. The hotel is in walking distance of times square, broadway and close to the subway. The rooms are tiny but I believe that is standard in New York. The problem for us was how noisey the room was, it was impossible to sleep or chill out with the noise from the road. We were on the 7th floor at the front of the hotel, it was so loud with noise from the road, people walking past, building work that I was convinced that the window was open! The noise didn't seem to stop even in the middle of the evening. The thing is after a busy day/evening in New York I want to come back. relax and sleep - i found this impossible and therefore could not recommend this hotel.	
Oct 14 2009 	Worst hotel experience of my life.	1. There isn't a 4* hotel room in the English speaking world with only a double bed. 2. The bathroom was disgusting - wallpaper peeling, mold all over the walls.3. The room was exceptionally hot and the a/c would not cool the room down. This was on a September day. 4. The elevators are small, slow, and underserve the hotel. Had to take the stairs a few times.5. When factoring in price, star level, cleanliness, and room setup, this was by far the worst hotel stay that I have ever had.	
Oct 12 2009 	not much value here	Awful elevators, often only one little elevator in service. Disinterested staff, doormen sat and watched us struggle with the doors. I dont really demand big hotel rooms in NYC, but this &quot;classic room&quot; at &gt; $300 per night was literally too small to have both suitcases open at once. No bathtub, a shower only (and not very clean or appealing one at that) was dissappointing. Alarm clock did not work AND could NEVER get the operator to pick up for wake up calls (only got a recording saying &quot;message received&quot; ????) Incorrect charges on the bill (telephone calls we never made) and then when the desk clerk said &quot;forget about those charges&quot; I asked them for a statement showing a zero balance the desk clerk said she &quot;can't give receipts to people who book on Travelocity...&quot; I've never heard THAT before...So, yes, the hotel has a storied history and a charming lobby but in the end, it is a dump.	
Oct 8 2009 	Retro boutique hotel	My husband and 12th months old baby stayed one night in the Algonquin Hotel in 2 room suite. The room were small even though it was a suite. Staff was nice and polite. Breakfast was offered as a part of an Expedia package (it included, tea/coffee, fruits, juice and pastries).The hotel itself is small and has the charm of a boutique hotel retro 1930's. Bathroom style with old antique furniture. &quot;Bath and Body Works&quot; brand bathroom miniatures were nice as well.Located in a very central area that is a mix of a touristic and business district (6th avenue and close to times square) its clientele is mostly business (a very nice restaurant and lobby, even if small) and foreigners touristis thinking &quot;broadway getway&quot;.I would say that the only problem with this hotel are the elevators. They are small and most of the time only one working. Between the hours of 7am to 9am it could take you 20 minutes wait to get on one. Most of the staff uses the stairs unless they have a cart (and if they do enter you have no more space). Some people complain about the cleaniness of the place, we thought it was clean, but if if it's about timing, I can clearly see why the cleaning crew cannot do as fast as they would want to, they can't get in an elevator!!! I would have taken the stairs myself but with the baby and the stroller and the diaperbag I did not feel like clinmbing more than 8 floors to reach our room on the 12 (if I recall right). So think also about your luggages!!Overall a one night that was fine, but the all issue with the elevator would have been unbearable if we had to stay longer. I would still recommend the hotel to a friend (the place is nice) and tell him to ask for a 2nd or 3rd floor max. Have the luggages with the valet during the day, and climb the stairs if with no children!.	
Oct 8 2009 	Time machine with room to spare	The Algonquin Hotel is a beautiful old hotel in one of the best locations in the city. We took the time to see the movie Mrs. Parker's Vicious Circle before we arrived, so we new some of the hotel's history. The Algonquin is very elegant and had live entertainment at least some of the evenings we stayed there. If you want shiney and new, this is not for you. But we had a one bedroom suite so my husband and I had our own room and the kids slept on the sofa bed in the living room. In addition to privacy, this gave us more room than any other hotel we stayed at during our trip. Although this is not a &quot;kids&quot; hotel, the staff was charming to my children (9 and 11). They even went on a hunt for the hotel cat, Matilda. If I had to give it some constructive criticism, the elevators were small and slow - but this really isn't too important. We really enjoyed our stay!	
Oct 7 2009 	Quiet very well located but ideal for seniors	The Hotel is ideally located, 2 blocks from Times Square and close to everything. Check-in was easy, got room 603. Entered the room and found it to be really small (max. 12 x 12). The king size bed was just what could fit in this room. At the end of the bed, there is no place for a dresser. Even though the room was small, it didn't bother me, since a was travelling alone. To me, it was just fine. The room was well appointed, nothing missing and was smelling very good. I appreciated the free wireless internet access and the complimentary bottled water (supplied each day). I would say the room size is good for a single person or a couple, but not for a family. The bed was very confortable, so were the pillows and the sheets. I have nothing to complain about it. Overall, the room was very clean.The bathroom was small, the shower had rust stains all around and was outdated (tiled floor looking old and used). It was clean however. I felt safe in this hotel and heard no noise from the other guests or from the streets whatsoever. The curtains did not filter light very well. Ventilation made some noise, but I just turned it off, so it didn't bother me much.The lobby was a little disappointing to me. Being a 33 years old women, I felt my place wasn't there. There were lots of seniors, elders, but no young people. The furniture was antique and so is the style of the Lobby, dark and old. If you like it, its fine, but it was not really my thing. Even thought I knew what to expect given my prior research on this hotel, I just didn't feel like it was a cool place to hang out. I however liked the fact that they had free apples on the reception desk. It was a nice touch.Everyone working at this hotel was kind and helpful to me. The waiter at the Blue Bar was especially nice and seemed to enjoy his job. Again, this bar is not frequented by young professionals, but more by older clients. I don't regret my choice, it had a good time at the Algonquin!	
Oct 7 2009 	If you really want a 4 star experience this is not the place to find it!	I booked well in advance through Expedia a king deluxeroom for our anniversary. As everybody in such situation we wished wehad a nice experience. I did not care much about the price of the roomas long as I figured this hotel should stand up to his reputation. Wewere assigned a smaller room and the reception staff did not even havethe courtesy of informing us before hand that the reserved room was notavailable. When we inquired about this they said they can not provide arefund and offered 2 drinks (that were never provided) and a reminderthat we are not understanding customers... The hotel is nice, well kept,maybe not quite a 4 star ( linens were ordinary, rooms are small withfurniture so-so) but the service provided by the staff was only worthyof a by-the-highway 2 star motel.	
Oct 7 2009 	Beautiful Hotel	The hotel is stunning inside and outside.The staff were all very friendly and helpful.The rooms were lovely, clean and comfy.The location is perfect not far from Times Square, a lovely park 'Bryant Park'.I loved the whole New York expercience there was not anything I did not like about it	
Oct 7 2009 	Wonderful old hotel but could use more diligent cleaning crew	The Algonquin takes you back to what New York used to be before all the mega-hotels came to town. It's a small - around 150 rooms - luxury hotel, rich in history, and we were absolutely charmed. The public rooms are open to the lobby (not closed off) but still clubby in feel - comfortable, intimate - and of course the restaurant features the famous round table where various literary lights gathered decades ago. The food was pricey, but excellent. The included continental breakfast was both generous and tasty. Great service all around.Our room was small (to be expected) but comfortable and well-appointed. The bathroom, which had no tub, was just a step above a cubby. That wasn't really a problem. What was disappointing was that it was poorly cleaned. We arrived late on our first of two nights and so didn't notice until the next morning. Then because we had only one more night there and weren't spending much time in our room anyhow, we decided not to make an issue of it.I would still definitely recommend this hotel. I feel sure that with the kind of service they offered, if we'd complained, they would have responded promptly. Do shop around for rates. We got a great deal through Expedia.Business travelers, be aware that their Business Center consists of one computer and one printer that's poorly maintained. You can connect to the internet from your room though.	
Oct 1 2009 	Quiet and Comfortable Beds--Slept Well. Dorothy Parker Luxury Suite!	For the PRICE, in MANHATTAN, and the LOCATION, this was a very nice room, with extremely comfortable beds. It was also quiet, and everyone slept well. The front desk manager on duty when we arrived could not have been more courteous. There is a hotel cat, a mascot, very sweet. There are also free apples in a bowl at the lobby desk-- big apples? The only thing I did not appreciate was the COLD reception with show your room key and the evil eye when the three of us returned after a Broadway Play, and evening out afterwards at a restaurant... a late night, and party dresses and very high heels-- but just a lawyer and her teenager and the teenager's friend here. We weren't greeted like guests upon that entry! The hotel isn't particularly set up for restaurants, although there is one. It was nicer than the Wellington. It wasn't far from Radio City Music Hall or Times Square-- and it only cost $5-8 for cabs to the play, etc. We just tipped, and gave out 10 spots to the cabbies. It cost about $35 from LaGuardia to this hotel for a cab. The hotel had marble steps, and we walked down them for exercise instead of the elevator which was double the French vertical room dimensions. Oh, and we went for my daughters' Sweet 16. The hotel doesn't make a fuss for a guest there for this type of occasion.... well, at least a non-celeb! The other funny thing was that I didn't have change and the Bellman looked disappointed when he received a $20 tip for taking up 3 carry-ons. Where we are from... the mini apple... about $1-$5 is all he would get, or zip! It's not like it was a wooden nickel!	
Sep 28 2009 	Not a pleasant stay not very clean place needs to be updated.	We stayed here in September the rooms were very small, the restrooms were very old place in general needs updating. At night the we could hear everything from the outside. I would not recommend this place. One good thing would be location.	
Sep 27 2009 	Great location noisy air con!	Nice welcome to NY, porters etc very friendly and check-in easy. Room TINY, but fine - n fridge etc but that was OK for us. Bed nice and comfy, but air con so, so noisy. First night it didn't matter so much as we were exhausted, but kept us awake for a bit the second night.Hotel with a lot of charm and location was great, but facilities not quite up there.	
Sep 26 2009 	breakfast nto value for the money	Took my husband for breakfast for his birthday. For what they charged for the food it was highly average, nothing special. The service was non-existent. After the initial ordering our waiter was more concerned with chatting with another couple at another table. Never got our second cup of coffee. When we mentioned it to the Host who sat us on our way out he just smiled and really didn't seem to concerned about our experience. Would not recommend the breakfast at this hotel and I would never consider staying at this hotel based on our experience.	
Sep 25 2009 	cute hotel - buy tiny	Great Hotel, in a fab location, but very very small room. Mindyou it had everything, but no room to move so felt a little claustrophobic. Windows wouldnt open either and air con too noisy. Very clean and bed changed daily so that was a luxury. Very busy street, so very noisey all night, but was so tired from sight seeing that didnt really matter. Breakfast is nice but expensive and we also had to wait over 3/4 for it on our first day, so didnt return to eat at the hotel after that. Their web site says it has a lively bar, which is has, but generally for the older client, as in plus 65, so a little too old for me and hubby. New York is great adn this hotel is good for a short stay	
Sep 12 2009 	average bad nyc hotel	looks old and does not feel clean. rooms can be incredibly noisy. AC did not work properly. would not stay again	
Sep 8 2009 	Excellent location clean great value.	First time to NYC. We loved the hotel. It was very quaint, old fashioned and historic. It has been renovated in the past couple of years and looks beautiful. The rooms were clean and comfortable. Location is very close to many attractions. There are coffee shops, restaurants and shopping very near. Especially liked having Gregory's Coffee shop right across the street. We would definetly stay here again. Look for deals on the travel sites for best prices. Oh yes, the hotel has a cat named Matilda that resides in the lobby. Nice touch.	
Sep 2 2009 	Perfect location for sight-seeing in NYC	Room size was fine for 2 people. It was clean, although the carpets look worn and need to be replaced. The bathroom is oddly shaped and very small. The tub is extremely high and is an annoyance for anyone that is petite. As other people have noted, there are problems with the key card. We had one that stopped working and had to rely on the other. The bed is comfortable as is the room overall. Service was inconsistent and this is where we had issues:The day we checked in to our hotel, the lady at the front desk did not crack a smile. Then she proceeded to ask us if we were only staying for a night. This was a surprise to us as we had booked a few nights package. We were told she needed paper documentation. Although she did “apologize”, there was absolutely no sincerity in her tone. Concierge at the door were very helpful, kind and obviously appear to enjoy interacting with people. The staff in the latter part of the stay was MUCH friendlier than those at the beginning. Our other horrible service encounter was with one of the head staff in the dining room. The first morning we went for our continental breakfast, a gentleman came over to pour coffee and was rudely stopped mid-way &amp; shooed off by whom we assume was the head dining staff. He promptly told us what we will be served for breakfast and that’s it. He did not bother to check on us, refill coffee etc., nor were we asked if we would like to be upgraded to a different breakfast (nominal charge). Overall service here is dependent on the staff shift during your stay. We understand everyone has a bad day, however we were surprised as to how many of the staff had them while we were there. This location was perfect for sight-seeing and getting around on the subway. We had a great package and the stay was good due to the convenience . Notable items:1.The lobby waiting area for an elevator is small and since there are only 2 elevators, at times you need to wait. 2. Verify that your package pays for all possible charges, including occupancy, as we were informed that some packages do not, which is the first we had ever heard.3. DO NOT eat at the Red Flame Diner that is at the corner of the street. The food is horrible and it is a MAJOR tourist trap (TT).	
Sep 1 2009 	oozing charm and character	A great hotel in a fantastic location. So many places within walking distance, Times Square, Rockerfeller Centre. Room size adequate and we had a fridge that we requested also in the room. Great flat screen TV, superbly comfy beds and exquisite fluffy pillows. I dont need silence to sleep and so the air con never bothered me, nor did the taxis and NYFD trucks going past, but if you want silence dont go to NY! The concierge staff were always so welcoming and helpful. Never ate in the hotel so cant comment on that, but did seem a little pricey on food and cocktails! Red Flame diner just next door is an excellent place to grab a bite, good VFM and generous portions. Would definately recommend the Algonquin, but check out the price comparison sites as a real bargain can be found for 4* luxury! Will stay here again if I ever return to NY.	
Aug 25 2009 	great little hotel	Stayed in this hotel for 2 nights and found everything to be excellent. The rooms were small, but very clean, and very well designed. The bed was very comfortable and the rooms very quiet.The location is very central within walking distance of Time Square, 5th ave, Central Park, and Broadway. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The concierge gave very useful suggestions for diner and night life.I would definitely return to this hotel for its charm, location, and friendly staff.This was a very enjoyable stay.	
Aug 24 2009 	excellent location	excellent location, but i did find this hotel to be expensive. i've no major problem as such with the hotel however, the room was tiny and you couldn't turn on the a/c at night because even on the low setting is was ridiculously loud.	
Aug 22 2009 	Clean friendly and perfect location	From the minute we arrived for our 5 night stay the Algonquin staff were extremely helpful. The hotel is in an excellent location, minutes from Times square, 5th Ave, Rockerfella Centre. The room we had was a good size, very clean and well air conditioned. We had an in room safe, flat screen TV with cable and an extremely comfortable bed. The Red Flame diner next door is also excellent for breakfast. I would most definitely return to this hotel again.	
Aug 16 2009 	I'd stay here again and again but I'd do some things differently.	One of the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in -- I never wanted to leave it! Pleasant international staff that accommodates just as much as possible. Food was good. Bar was good -- though a questionable cosmo by one bartender. Bar and food were both expensive, but there's a diner right next door that's decent and reasonably priced and other restaurants within walking distance. Room service came with a surcharge in addition to built-in gratuity which made one $17 martini actually $29. The hotel is just two blocks from either Grand Central Station or Broadway, making it a terrific location for seeing theatre (which is why I chose it). The hotel's history is rich and well-indulged by the staff and the atmosphere is cozy. I had an issue with a meal; it was advertised as peppered ahi tuna with mango chutney but the mango chutney was really pineapple chutney. It tasted great but I'm allergic to fresh pineapple and wouldn't have bitten into it had I known it was there beneath the other ingredients. It took some finagling, but the manager finally got some Benadryl for me from the nearest pharmacy. They gave me my drink for free but not my meal. I probably could have talked them out of it but was just grateful to be alive and didn't think to argue. There was one other issue with someone smoking on my non-smoking floor that the management couldn't clear up... or wouldn't. They couldn't quite tell which room the smoke was coming from and didn't want to go knocking on doors. But that was just one night and it didn't permeate my room, which was lovely. Overall, this was a fabulous stay -- pineapple incident and all.	
Aug 14 2009	Great hotel for the price	I took my mother to NYC for her 70th birthday and we stayed at the Algonquin and loved it. The price was excellent, hotel was incredibly charming, furnishings were new and very clean. The room is small, yes, but what do you expect in NYC? For two of us it was fine. It had an incredibly comfortable king size bed, desk, dresser, flat screen TV and bay window. The bathroom was fine - the tub is European and VERY deep so be careful getting in or out - buy like I said my mom is 70 and she did fine. Location is fantastic, service is superb, we had no complaints. There is a cafe next door for affordable breakfast that you can't beat. We were always greeted and felt very welcome and appreciated by everyone in the lobby - it's a very warm environment.Our room did not have a fridge or coffee if that is important to you (no where to really put this stuff) but the cafe is close. For the price you cannot beat the Algonquin. If you want to pay more for a larger room or additional amenities go right ahead, but don't pass on the Algonquin if you're looking for a great, affordable stay that's convenient to everything. You won't believe how well this hotel is maintained, and will love the traditional charm, marble and brass accents, as well as the wonderful service. They also have free internet in the rooms!	
Aug 10 2009 	well located but...	Day 1After flying from the West Coast and checking into the hotel, I had to visit the reception desk three times before I received an electronic card key that worked. The two elevators fit a maximum of 3 people and take 5-10 minutes to summon to your floor so this was a lengthy process.Once I was finally able to get a working key after multiple and time consuming trips to reception, I discovered the room was just large enough to fit the bed and provide a walkway around the edge of the bed. I’ve been to NYC a number of times but this was truly incredible. I asked to be moved to a larger room; that was not possible until the next day.Day 2I was finally able to move to a slightly larger room and a member of the hotel staff arrived at the room to personally let me know. I was told to go down to reception and get a new key. I was about to pick up my bags and move them to the new room however, the staff member said my bags would be moved and taken care of and not to worry.I moved to my new room and waited for over an hour for my bags. They did not appear and I decided to head out to my next meeting without changing my shoes which had been soaked through by an afternoon rainstorm. I also had to call for a TV repair person for this new room; fortunately that service was turned around quickly.I returned to the hotel after my meeting and while in the lobby bar, thought I would pick up some ice for cold water in my room. There are no ice machines on individual floors’ a call to room service for delivered ice is the only way to get ice. I thought since I was already in the lobby bar where there should be ice this would be much easier than going up to the room and waiting for room service. I asked a waiter and was told I had to go to my room and call for room service and wait. There were a handful of people in the bar and this waiter wasn't helping anyone, I believe he was arranging the fake candles that go on the tables. Fortunately, I found another waiter who was willing to provide me with a glass of ice.I returned to the new room; by this time I had been moved to the new room for over 3 hours. Still no bags. I spoke to reception and was told that my bags had been moved. Clearly this was not the case and at this point reception said they had no idea where my bags were.Edwin at the front desk left his post and looked for my bags himself. He was able to locate them, in the old room, and moved them himself. He went out of his way to make sure I finally had my bags.Day 3After a day of meetings and late dinner, I returned to my room to find that a shirt which had been left on the bed was no longer there. I called down and spoke to Nelson the night manager who explained that it likely was wrapped up in the bed linens when they were changed but unfortunately housekeeping was closed for the night. He offered to look in lost &amp; found and would call back. I did not receive a call back that night.The next morning I called reception who knew nothing about this. I spoke to housekeeping, who also had not been informed, and they could not locate the shirt.Day 4Upon check out, I asked again about my missing shirt and nothing. There seemed to be very little concern about this, just an offer for a free breakfast which incidentally my room rate already came with this free breakfast. My phone number was taken and I have not heard from the hotel since.	
Aug 9 2009 	Excellent Boutique Hotel	Exceptionally well located boutique hotel. Never pay retail here, always go to skoosh or easyclick travel to get rooms at 50% off. The hotel does not match. Very pleasant lobby and small but well appointed rooms. Comfortable hotel for business, that is anot a westin or hilton in character.	
Aug 2 2009 	Simply Outstanding	Lots of choices for lodging in NYC but we are very pleased to have selected the Algonquin. We stayed 4 nights and it served as a nice peaceful home away from home in the middle of busy NYC. The entire staff was cordial, respectful and helpful. The only stuffy one was Matilda the cat...and aren't most cats?? The facility is well maintained, clean and very nostalgic. Could not believe how quiet our room was. And the location just can't be beat for being safe and going to Broadway shows. We look forward to returning someday.	
Aug 2 2009 	A homely hotel full of literary ghosts	Small rooms but adequate. Wish there was a fridge and that the air con was a little quieter.A happy atmosphere, old fashioned/comfortable. Mostly very helpful. The in room safe stopped working and asked several times to have it fixed but no one came.	
Aug 1 2009 	Great experience	My wife and I visited NY to celebrate her birthday and were not familiar with the city so we were delighted to be so close to Times Square and Broadway. We have stayed in a number of older hotels and are familiar with the typical smaller rooms and older plumbing and as such we were more than happy with our room. It was, as indicated, smaller but very well set up and clean. The staff was very friendly and helpful; we followed the doorman's recommendation for a lunch spot off the premises and had a great meal. Thanks Algonquin	
Jul 31 2009 	Clean comfortable great location-a nice surprise in NYC	A frequent traveler to New York, I have my favorites but they are not always affordable so I searched for a good deal in the right location and came up with a special price for two rooms at The Algonquin. I often stay at either the Royalton across the street (my favorite hotel in NYC) or the Sofitel, another top-notch hotel on the same block. Never before had I even entered The Algonquin. We got small rooms, nicely furnished, very comfortable big bed, good decor in pleasing colors and most important, a wonderful (not prefab plastic) shower! The bathroom was small but not uncomfortable. Amenities were good. No slippers or bathrobe or minibar; good service, laundry, good concierge. Good housekeeping. Very nice lobby bar. A very pleasant surprise!	
Jul 30 2009 	Nice place	This was a quirky place that has a lot of history to it. The location is great and its an easy walk to just about any where you have heard of in New York. The lobby is very popular just to have drinks in as we saw loads of people having meetings over our stay. The room was small but had everything we needed but it was noisy and the curtains did little to keep out the light. That aside, this place was nice. The gym was quite good and the wall paper was something of a novelty.	
Jul 29 2009 	Clasic NYC small clean old fashion	If it s resort experience you seek, go elsewhere. if you want a clean room, that is Manhattan &amp; Hong Kong sized (tiny) with a lovely lobby /bar 2 blocks form Grand Central &amp; Times Square. They you will like it.NYC hotels are always small, sometimes very small by &quot;normal&quot; USA standards. Old elevators, even a mail drop, remember quaint means old, fun and interesitng, but not modern and posh.I hotwired the room, it was 4 starts and I would agree. Not if it was in Maui, but it certainly is in Manhattan. Would stay again in a minute.	
Jul 21 2009 	Go elsewhere	We had an unfortunate stay at the Algonquin. We expected a luxury hotel, but found it to be anything but luxurious. The rooms are very tiny and outdated. When we booked the room, we were asked whether we were coming to New York for a special occasion - it was our wedding anniversary, so we said &quot;yes.&quot; Shortly after that, we received an email saying we would be upgraded to a suite, but when we arrived, no suites were available. There were no robes as promised. No coffee facilities in the room. We were given one small bottle of water per day for 2 people. Room service costs $4 per person in addition to taxes, fees and whatever food you might actually order. Food at the hotel was horribly expensive, so we went out each morning for coffee to the nearby Starbucks (they sold the same coffee in the lobby, but it was an additional $1). At first, we felt uncomfortable bringing our coffee in each morning until we realized that the lobby was packed with people doing the same thing we were! The bathroom was not clean enough to take a tub bath, but who would want to take a bath in the smallest tub we've ever seen! The air conditioning was broken and despite being told it was repaired within 20 minutes of our request, we returned to the room in the afternoon to find the temperature over 80 degrees. Finally we were moved from the 11th floor to the 4th floor to a room with working a/c. We requested a refrigerator and waited 2 hours to be told there weren't any available, then one magically appeared. The lobby is small and a nice, but be warned that the &quot;special&quot; cocktails cost $17 and really are not special at all. The most surprising thing was that the hotel refused to allow us to stay in the room for an extra 30 minutes after check-out time, so we had to sit in the lobby and wait until time to go to the airport. We went back upstairs just before we left to find our room untouched by housekeeping, so there should have been no problem in allowing us to stay in the room an additional 30 minutes. We were charged $3 to use the hotel computer to check in for our flight home plus an additional 50 cents per page to print out the 2 boarding passes. Basically, we wanted a luxury hotel and expected to pay for it. Instead, we got a tiny, uncomfortable room and felt like somebody's hands were in our pockets the entire time. The location is good, especially if you are going to the theater, but the hotel is not a luxury hotel, so expect nothing. All the hype on this hotel is just that - hype. It's not worth this amount of money to see a fluffy cat lying around a very expensive lobby. Remember that Dorothy Parker and the other members of the famous round table in the lobby did not stay at the hotel but visited for lunch many, many years ago. So, if you are looking for something special, go elsewhere. We won't go back again.	
Jul 14 2009 	FAB HOTEL - GREAT LOCATION RECEPTION STAFF COULD BE FRIENDLIER	We stayed at the Algonquin for 4 nights, it is a very beautiful hotel, really charming.I did find the reception staff very stand offish, they seemed very reluctant to want to help you and when coming and going from the hotel, not once did anyone of them smile.As for the bellboys they were very good they were very helpful and always seemed happy in their jobs. As for matilda the cat, she really does live up to her reputation in fact she was more friendly than some of the front desk staff!!As with all the other reviews, the rooms are small but very very comfotable and clean, the beds are amazing and i slept soundly everynight, due to the location of the hotel you do experience some noise from outside but it wasnt a problem. The food and drinks are exoensive at the hotel, but if you dont want a good breakfast there is a diner literally just down the road.All in all a great stay and i would go back as the location of the hotel is fantastic in the fact you are close to everywhere so for that reason alone i would recommend it. BUT!!! one word of warning, if you use the hotel in house computer as we did to reconfirm our flights there is an automatic 3 dollar charge and a 1 dollar charge for every piece of paper that you use!!! now i woudl have thought being a guest they you let you use this for at least a limited amount of time for free.	
Jul 10 2009 	Good value in midtown	This is a perfectly-located hotel to enjoy Times Square, Rockefeller Center and other sights around midtown Manhattan, and is very competitively priced. Ordinary guest rooms are small with an awkward layout, and the front desk service is awful, but the overall ambience of the lobby and rooms is great and you won't find a more convenient, livable hotel for the price.	
Jul 8 2009	"SUPERB" HOTEL IN NEW YORK CITY..............	My daughters and I stayed 3 nights at The Algonquin Hotel, New York City. From the moment we checked in 'til we checked out, the staff were very friendly and very helpful. I would recommend this Hotel to everyone who is visiting New York. I would love to return and take my significant other - it is very quaint and romantic. We had appetizers and drinks in the Oak Room, and everything was wonderful. The Sangria is delicious! The rooms / bathrooms were very, very clean. One night we had a Queen and then moved to a King for the remainder of our stay.	
Jul 8 2009 	Wonder sense of old traditional style	Although the hotel is only small that is more then made up for by its charm and character. The room was small but very comfotable and fitted out with everything you would need. The location is amazing, you really can walk almost everywhere from here and is only two blocks from Time Square.The loung is relaxed and serves a wide array of cocktails. I would highly recommend staying on a sunday when all the local thespians come and perform on a theme of the week, absolutely amazing.. the best free show you will see in New York !.. Thank you to everyone for a lovely stay.	
Jul 7 2009 	Try Priceline-- I got a great rate.	I got awarded the Algonquin Hotel on Priceline. This was my first Priceline experience. I designated the area of the city (Midtown?) and selected 3+ stars. My bid was $95 and it was accepted. So, with tax, I'll be paying $119 for this hotel! This is the lowest price I've seen on all the travel search engines for the Algonquin.	
Jul 1 2009 	Another great stay at the Algonquin	If you are looking for more than just a comfortable hotel, The Algonquin offers it. In the heart of Manhattan and steeped in history, this is more than just a room service and comfy bed experience. Check out this slideshow of historic hotels around the world. It's filled with interesting tales historic figures and where they stayed. http://www.switchyardmedia.com/images/stories/showcase/historic_hotels/slideshow448-framed.html	
Jun 27 2009 	Great hotel find in NYC	This was a great find at a reasonable price on Priceline, convenient location and walking distance to 5th Ave, Times Square, Madison Square Garden, etc. Rooms were clean and ok size for the city and the service was friendly and helpful.	
Jun 16 2009 	Luxury at a Good Price and Great Location	What a place...the famed Algonquin Hotel and Matilda the Cat. The hotel staff was wonderful. They catered to every request I had. I think because I booked on their site and paid &quot;full&quot; price, I got upgraded to a suite without even asking. This was my one &quot;splurge&quot; during this trip. I did notice whilst checking in, some customers mentioned the discount sites like Priceline and Hotels.com. Those folks seemed to have gotten the lower floor treatment. The rooms were quiet and huge with a walk-in closet and big LCD TVs. The bed was super comforatble. I had dinner at the restaurant where they serve a four course fixe prix theater menu that's very good . Big bonus, free WiFi/internet (something you don't always get with a luxury hotel for some reason). And then there's Matilda the Cat. She has run of the place. In the mornings she'll be on top of the reception counter watching people check out. Midday will find her under the reception counter sleeping. In the afternoons, you'll find her on a luggage cart near the front door watching people come and go as she &quot;holds court.&quot; What a life, the most pampered kitty in the city!!! Another big bonus, they offer a military discount which is cheaper than all thier other(non-Priceline type) rates and applicable to any available room. Something I don't see much of in NYC. So go there for a luxurious time.	
Jun 15 2009	Fab Hotel!	Recently stayed at this hotel and i must say i could not fault it. I was worried about what size the rooms would be but was delighted to find that they were actually a good size for a city hotel. Rooms very clean and fresh and nicely decorated. Staff were very nice and could not of been any more helpful. Location great not far from time square &amp; broadway. Choosing this hotel was definiatly the right decision and would recommend it for the price, booked through 1800hotels.ie.	
Jun 12 2009 	Wonderful stay! Perfect location!	I don't know where to begin. OK, I'll start with the arrival. From the moment we approached the door, which was promptly opened for us, we were in love with this hotel. Peter, the hotel manager (or maybe owner, I don't know!) welcomed us, as did Matilda, the famous cat. Peter mentioned that it was her birthday, so even better! The lobby is just as described in the other reviews, and as the website depicts. Comfortable, elegant, plenty of room to either mingle with other guests, or find a quiet spot in a corner. We had a one bedroom suite, number 309, which was HUGE by New York City standards. The bedroom was a little small, but the bed was heavenly, and who needs that much room in a bedroom when you have a giant living room?! We always travel with a small fan, so I have no idea if it was noisy outside at night or not. I slept like a baby, and will definitely choose this hotel again when we return New York. The Blue Bar was very pretty, but also very pricey. We didn't care, because we had such a good time chatting with the bartenders. I wish I could remember their names, but then again everyone at the hotel was very friendly and accommodating!	
Jun 3 2009 	A Room with a View of The James Thurber Suite	The Algonquin Hotel has loads of tradition, one of their traditions is to is to have a cat in the lobby that has the run of the place, the practice dates to the 1930s, hotel lore says actor John Barrymore suggested the cat needed a theatrical name, (as the hotel is blocks away from the theatre district), so it was named Hamlet, whenever the hotel has a male, he carries on the name; females are named, Matilda. A &quot; Matilda&quot; is currently prowling the property and she is a beauty...as is The Algonquin. I was a resident of New York City for many years and often visited the lobby for a drink or to see someone perform in their showroom. I now live in California and recently chose to stay at The Algonquin for a few nights. Delightful. My room was very comfortable and the employees were eager to please...can’t ask for much more of a hotel. I enjoyed it’s charm and it’s landmark provenance...and the sight of Matilda lounging on her mini chaise, never failed to amuse me.	
Jun 2 2009 	Lovely Lovely	My husband &amp; spent 4 nights here in May 2009. We had room 800 which was high up and at the back so the veiws were nothing but it was lovely and quiet (we requested the higher room when booking). The bed was lovely and comfortable. The room was small but this is expected in large cities.The bathroom was pleasant and provided all that was necessary for a hotel of this age and the water was hot. The room could become a bit stuffy but with the aircon on it freshened it up a bit - the aircon was noisy and so we had it turned off at night which meant that the room got warm but not too uncomfortable (day time temp was mid 70s) - we did not have the breakfast there as it was $20.00 for a continential but the cafe next door did a fantastic range of breakfast for around $10.00 per head with tip.Location - near to everything and check out Jimmys bar on 44th b/w 5th and 6th for cheap drinks as the hotel bar is very expensive.The lounge is great to hang out in and you often will see writers interviewed thereOver all, very enjoyable for business persons or romatic partners but I would not recommend to a group of young people or to those with kids.Staff are excellent and have excellent knowledge of local events and are keen to stop and have a chat with you.	
Jun 1 2009 	What do you expect?	What do you expect from the Algonquin? The best, and they deliver. I nabbed an inexpensive room facing the interior of the block . No view, but blessed peace and quiet. And no crawling over the bed to cross the room. The staff is of course outstanding; the lobby legendary. Have breakfast next door at The Red Flame and save your money for the Oak Room in the evening. A treat.	
May 30 2009 	The Algonquin Hotel is an unmatched New York City treasure trove.	The moment you enter the lobby of the Algonquin you know you are in a friendly place, from the desk receptionists to Matilda, the lovely cat in residence, and the ambience of people sitting everywhere in conversational seatings. The literary history and the authors whose memories are kept intact by the century old Round Table are treasures which the management has continuously appreciated. Our suite was clean and very comfortable. The location, particularly for visitors who want to walk, is perfect. The landmark Schubert Theater is only a block or so away, and Times Square not much further.	
May 30 2009 	Elegant Hotel in a good location	We stayed at The Algonquin for 5 nights on our first ever visit to New York. The location in the Theatre District is very good. It is not too far from the metro (although no stop is really close either). Reception was consistently friendly and helpful. The room was not large but perfectly comfortable. Had a very good double bed, flat screen tv, a nice little walk in cupboard and a large room safe. The bathroom was a decent size, very clean and had bath &amp; shower with lots of powerful hot water.Overall the hotel has a bit of elegance. It is not just a standard box with standard box rooms. It is in a quieter street and there is a very good diner - The Red Flame - for breakfast just a couple of doors down. There are several other restaurants near the hotel too.I think this was a really good choice of hotel.	
May 28 2009 	Great hotel	Room was elegant and clean, service was great, wonderful staff. Also great location between 5th and 6th Ave. Far enough from Times Square to be away from noise and crowds, but in walking distance and close to subways and attractions. A historic hotel in a Victorian style. I highly recommend it.	
May 24 2009 	A hotel with character	We stayed at the Algonquin for one night and were blown away with the whole experience. First up, the staff are wonderful. Guests are warmly welcomed and every attempt is made to satisfy requirements. From the moment we stopped the car outside we had help with our luggage, help with parking the car (across the street and with a deduction for staying at the hotel) and lots of friendly conersation and interesting anecdotes. In particular, Christian in the bar can produce a mean cocktail, or two, and can provide any amount of advice on local attractions. The room, although small was clean and very comfortable and there's a piano beside the internet computer if you want to surf the net with musical accompaniment. Throughout the hotel the decor is immaculate, with interesting and decorative iron balustrades and marble steps on all the stairs. The public areas of the hotel had the most amazing and attractive furniture and seemed pretty busy with business meetings and guests taking tea. Matilda the hotel cat is rather aloof and mysterious, appearing and disappearing just as quickly. Although we enjoyed the hotel, one word of advice. Be nice to the waiters. After having lunch in the restaurant, I paid the bill by credit card, intending to tip with dollar bills. Before we left the table, however, the waiter came back and, in front of our guests, reminded me that the bill did not include a service charge and so he did not have a tip. He got a tip, not because he asked for one but because the food and the service was of a high standard.	
May 16 2009 	Great Location	Chose this hotel, in the main due to the recommendations given on this site. Got to say, they were bang on the money!We were there for five nights this time, Can't comment on the food, as we didn't eat there - too many other options around you!The Plus sides are as follows:We found all the staff we talked too, to be very friendly and helpful. The room we had was very clean, - if small, with a very comfortable bed. As stated in other reviews, the bathrooms are a bit 'tired', but again, were very clean. The hotel's location is fantastic, just 200 yards from Times Square, and close to all main theatres and shopping. Although 'in the thick of things', once in the hotel, you don't hear any of the noise generated from outside.Also, it has free WI-FIAs for the downsides:Ask for a room away from the lifts. They 'ping' every time they stop at a floor. If you have a room opposite one, and intend to spend some time in the hotel - I think this will get very annoying, very quickly! Also, The air con was noisy - couldn't sleep with it still running.Basically, if you are using the hotel as a base for which to jump off every morning to sight see/shop etc, and will only use it to sleep/shower - it gets a massive thumbs up.	
Apr 21 2009	Better Than Expected	I booked this room for an incredibly low price through Priceline (the name your own price option). After I read other reviews, I was expecting a small room that might be quite noisy. Basically, that's what we got. Yes, the room was small, but it didn't really matter as we were out and about all day and when we were in the room we never once felt cramped. Yes, we heard some noises from outside (sirens, etc), the dinging of the elevator, and the toilet flushing from the room either above or next to us. That didn't really bother us either as we were able to sleep just fine in the comfortable bed. Despite these things, The Algonquin was better than I expected it to be. The staff was friendly and we didn't get any rude remarks about booking through Priceline like I read about in other's reviews. The rooms looked and felt clean even though the bathrooms were old. The location is great and is an easy, short walk to Times Square, the Empire State Building, and Rockefeller Center. I actually preferred staying here to staying IN Times Square as the hustle and bustle of people can get annoying. The Algonquin is located right next to other pricier hotels I was looking into, such as the Sofitel and Hotel Mela, so if you're looking into those hotels, you should consider The Algonquin to save some money. We also loved that they gave complimentary bottles of water in the room and apples at the front desk. The house cat is adorable as well. :)Overall, I was very impressed with this hotel, especially given the great rate we got.	
Apr 19 2009 	Nice! DEEP tub good location v good service food pricey overall B+	This is a &quot;Grande Dame&quot; hotel, which I often prefer. Overall I'd give it a B + for the price paid. We stayed in a standard King and paid 169.00 per night; this was a special internet rate which I found on a discount site, and to their credit, the Algonquin was willing to honor the rate via a direct booking.Pros:Very good service. Friendly, personable, professional.Location great for seeing Broadway shows and for easy access to Penn and Grand Central Stations as well as west side subways.Nice &quot;feel&quot;Decent sized room. I was first given a very tiny room- and I do mean tiny- and when I asked to be moved to something just a bit larger, my request was cheerfully and quickly honored. I was very happy with the second room. Very DEEP (not long) soaking tub, which I loved. Nice architectural touches in the room such as an old-timey cornice, etc.AWESOME bed. First-rate bed and pillows.Very attractive, warm lounge and great bartenders. Pricey drinks, but they were very well mixed, although somewhat overpriced even for New York ($ 18-20 martini).Very, very good soundproofing in the rooms and throughout the hotel.Cons:The food was much too expensive. $70 for breakfast? Give me a break. Only 2 elevators and one is a service elevator.The first room I was given was unacceptably small (this was room 703).I was very happy with our stay for the price paid. I would have not been as satisfied paying the rack rate which is $280.00 and up per night.	
Apr 19 2009 	Algonquin Hotel 4 days stay in NYC	We came to NYC to celebrate our 10th wedding Anniversary. Our hotel would then be the Algonquin (booked through Hotwire). The location was perfect (near Times Square).The hotel was really very clean and people were very nice. The first 2 days were difficult because we had a room with a queen bed, in the back of the hotel, facing a construction that was really noisy (starting at 6:15 am). We asked for a king and we were given the room nextdoor (still on the construction, but the noise wasn't coming out of the A/C as the other).Rooms are small ! Elevators (2) are slow, especially the morning.Hotel is very clean.Breakfast next door.Next to Times Square.I would recommend, but not the room 504...	
Apr 19 2009 	Explosive toilet	Stay away from room 202. The toilet bubbles up explosively... water actually splashes up out of the toilet. We kept the lid down but the seat got wet from the splatter. The problem seemed to start around 7am and was happening every ten minutes. The bubbling is very noisy and once it started the room filled with a sewer gas smell. Apparantly this is not a new problem as I was just able to find this problem noted at another site one year ago!It is so sad that this is a problem because the hotel overall is charming and a pleasure to visit. As a frequent visitor to NYC, I found the prices appropriate for this class of hotel.	
Apr 16 2009 	A little to full of itself	Pros: Great location, a few blocks from Times Square. Courteous staff. elegant lobby. Reasonable room price (for NYC). Funny quote on the cocktail napkins.Cons: The rooms are very small. After a couple of days you grow tired of the constant need to keep out of one another's way. Restaurant, room service and lobby bar way too expensive ($17 for a cocktail, plus $3 tax and toss in a $4 tip and you've got a $24 Manhattan). No coffee in the rooms, and it looked like it would be about $9 for a room service cup. (Nice little coffee shop next door.) Home of the Literary Circle in the long ago past -- and the hotel seems to want to live off this reputation decades later. Overall: I'd try somewhere else for better value. If money no object, and you want a little atmosphere, not a bad choice.	
Apr 7 2009 	Great value location room and staff - worth considering when in NYC	We booked through New York Guest who were great to work with and extended a fantastic rate, including tax and continental breakfast at The Algonquin Hotel. Many Trip Advisor reviews were not very complimentary of this property so I feel compelled to provide our view (husband and sister) which was very positive. Staff are very friendly and helpful, rooms although compact are clean and comfortable with nice bedding and bed. The location is perfect and rooms are not really noisy for being in the middle of NYC. The ambiance of the place is great with all the history and the public area is nice for breakfast and/or cocktails in the afternoon. Consider staying here as it offers great value for money and a nice personal boutique hotel feel when staying in NYC.	
Apr 5 2009 	Our first choose for a place to stay in New York City	We were planning a trip to NYC as a celebration, and we were pleased to see so many bargains. But I decided that this was a special trip, and we wanted to stay at the Algonquin more than any place in the city. Surprise! When I checked, they were offering a great discount too (March 20-23). So, we made reservations, and I got to check off one item of my &quot;things to do before I die&quot; list by staying there. With all of my anticipation, I was not disappointed. The staff is just amazing. The room was small, and only had a shower, but it over looked the street, and since it is a nice street which reflected the activity and excitement of the city, that was good. I wondered about traffic noise, but it was never a problem, even though we slept in. Additionally, the maids are like ninjas! I don't know how they show up and finish the room when we are away, but never bother us if we are taking our time. Everything was clean, simple, and charmingly elegant. The internet access was good (that was important to us),and free. The hotel in total was charming, cozy, and extremely well located. If I were to make a suggestion: why are some showers designed to get you wet when you are turning them on? But all in all, we loved our stay, and it became part of our celebration rather than just a hotel room due to the history, and design of the hotel, and the very caring staff.	
Mar 24 2009 	Don't get a room on a lower floor	Let's start with the negative. The rooms are very very small, even by New York standards and if you have a room facing on to 44th street they are very noisy - you cant sleep. The blinds don't block out the light - so our stay started off on the wrong foot until we paid to upgrade to a suite. Very nice but odd decor. Quiet though -although facing a building site.The positive - position and staff. Would we go back -probably not. There is so much choice of accommodation in New York. Oh - and in the 21st century a hotel that doesn't give you the facility to check in on line (not everyone travels with a laptop) is not really customer focussed. I didn't really want the concierge to check in for me.	
Mar 22 2009 	Another great visit to the Algonquin	Just spent three nights at the Algonquin, we were up for some city culture, a performance of South Pacific, and most important, an Allman Brothers show at the Beacon Theater. Stayed in a Premium Suite, which was spacious, elegant, and clean. Price was right, a comparable suite at other hotels would be hundreds more. The staff was superb, always cheerful, courteous, and helpful. They really made us feel at home, as did the now famous Hotel cat Matilda. Location is central, allowing us to walk to most places. This is our second trip to the Algonquin in the past year or two, and we are already planning a return visit. Excellent job folks.	
Mar 3 2009 	Just about perfect!	In order, the best things about the Algonquin are: STAFF, location, ambiance. I arrived on December 26. My first and very positive impression of the hotel was by the doorman. My cab driver from Penn Station was rude, but even worse, he took off with my luggage in the trunk. The doorman ran down 44th to rescue it ... and my entire trip! I was able to get into my room before 11a.m. so I could get settled early. The desk staff was helpful at check-in, check-out, and in-between. The bellman was friendly and full of information, and we often chatted about my theater experiences. The concierge went out of his way to help me satisfy my curiosity about the long line at Bryant Park -- it was for the skating rink!The location could not be beat ... a super-easy walk to Broadway shows, shopping (esp. the dozens of Bryant Park's holiday kiosks), banks (I needed these after my Bryant Park shopping spree!), restaurants, Fifth Avenue for the holiday lights, Grand Central Station for its light show, etc.My room was small but comfortable. Despite the age of the hotel, the room was not at all dated -- very nice TV, great bed and linens, convenient seating, and desk. I was in the back, so it was quiet, but certainly no great view. The bathroom was small, more dated than the bedroom, but functional and completely adequate. Everything was immaculate.I was enchanted by the historical ambiance of the hotel’s public spaces, reflecting its beginnings in the early 20th century. It looked like you would run into a famous author or actor of that era at any moment! The hotel cat was a charming surprise and didn't bother anyone that I noticed. The wallpaper and various room signs were interested to read -- really captured the literary history of the hotel. The only problem (if you could call it that) was the elevator -- there were two but only one seemed to be for guests and one often had to wait for it. I just took the stairs to and from my room on the sixth floor occasionally.	
Feb 22 2009 	Very Nice!	My wife and I stayed for 2 nights on a mini-vacation and the Algonquin was very nice! Very clean and comfortable! Yes, the room was smallish, but who cares when you are in the middle of NYC! We especially loved the bathroom shower which had great water pressure, which is a nice change these days!The location is great...walking distance to everything. Like most hotels in NYC it can be pricey, but if you need a nice basic breakfast with normal prices, there is a nice cofffee shop right next door.We loved the Algonquin and would definitely stay there again.	
Jan 31 2009 	Wonderful Hotel!	We love the Algonquin! The concierges are wonderful, the location is amazing, and the decor is classy and cozy! The rooms are on the small side, but who stays in their room all day?! If you are in New York City and sitting in your room a majority of the time, we feel sorry for you!	
Jan 7 2009	Check out The Blue Bar	Check out The Blue Bar for classic cocktails and first class service. Ask for Christian behind the bar--he is amazing.	
Nov 29 2008	Old fashion NY right in the heart of it all.	My husband and I went up to NYC for Thanksgiving and stayed one night in the Algonquin, and the next in the Sheraton...I wished we had stayed both nights at the Algonquin! The good: Location: Just a block away from Times Square, easy walk from Penn Station, down a side street that feels a little less chaotic than staying right in Times Square. Rooms: Small, but very nice. The bed was comfortable, the TV (flat screen) was great, the bathroom, even though small was nice and had bath and body works toiletries. There was also a robe to use, and 2 bottles of cold water waiting for us. Check in: Flawless and quick. Service: Mike, one of the bellhops was outstanding! He was friendly and very helpful. Decor: We loved the old NY hotel feel to it all - every thing in the room was new, and looked like it had been recently renovated, but we were glad to see they kept things like the New Yorker wall paper - it just added a really nice touch to being in the city. The bad: The room was on the small side, I don't know if it would work so well if you had children with you (unless you got a suite). Overall: I would definitely recommend staying at the Algonquin!	
Nov 17 2008	Charming hotel but a small room	The Algonquin is charming and cannot be beaten for location, just off 6th Ave. That having been said, it is really not a place to stay for any reason other than business travel. My room was so small that I could almost touch both walls when I stood in the center. The LCD TV and wireless Internet were fine, but the room was simply not any place you would want to spend sustained time in other than to sleep. The house cat (I forgot her name) is cute and the hotel is of historic significance. I did like the bar and the complimentary cookies. I booked it on priceline at something like $175 a night, so from that standpoint it was a bargain.	
Nov 14 2008 	Good location but not a great hotel	Its hard to draw a final conclusion about this hotel, as its location is pretty great, its close to time square and Broadway, but the hotel itself has a very high opinion of itself which it does not really deserve.I will start with the positives, it was a very clean hotel, with good service and the rooms have all be updated quite recently to a high standard. However, the rooms are VERY small, and it can be very noisy overnight. Now I know that being pretty central, you have to expect some noise, however, the windows in the rooms, combined with a large a/c unit meant that allot of street noise got in, so much in fact, that it was just as noisy with the windows open. I don't ask much from a hotel except that I have to be able to sleep in it, which I found very hard. The noise is particularly bad at the moment, as there is allot of building work going on next to the hotel, which does start very early. A coffee maker is also absent, which is pretty poor for any hotel, let alone on as expensive as this. This would have not been too bad, except the hotel menu was particularly expensive, even for a cup of coffee. Having stayed in a wide range of hotels, of many different stars, I cant say that the Algonquin deserves the 4 stars is has, 3 would be more appropriate and it would still need a coffee maker.Overall, if you are a heavy sleeper and are planning to spend very little time in the room, its not a bad choice, however, if like me you are a light sleeper and like a coffee 1st thing in the morning, look elsewhere.	
Nov 14 2008 	Awesome Hotel 	Excellent hotel and staff. I traveled by myself for three days and it has probably been one of the best hotels I have stayed in NYC and I travel to NYC regularly. I loved the room. It was clean, nice, cozy. Bathroom was just as clean. Staff was amazing. The location is superb - couple of blocks from Times Square. It was just an excellent stay and experience.	
Nov 12 2008 	Over rated Algonquin ...	I got 2 rooms, one for myself, one for my niece. And it's a good thing I got 2, they were tiny. No room in the bathroom for tolietries. A small dresser in one room, none in the other.LOUD LOUD LOUD; don't plan on sleeping much. There was so much noise that I thought the windows were open (they weren't.) There is construction going on, the dumpsters are apparently handled somewhere around 4 am. Most of the staff members were friendly and helpful, but there was one sour woman who handled both our check in and check out. This is uncalled for in a 4 star hotel.It is centrally located and an historic landmark.	
Nov 11 2008 	Nice Choice	Overall we had a nice stay. We stayed in a Premier Suite booked at a great rate (special on the hotel website). It was a tad small but nicely appointed. The living area was large enough for six of us to gather for cocktails. This is old New York-meals can't be comfortably eaten in the room, they are meant to be taken in the classic common areas in the lobby. The pullout couch is small and really uncomfortable-OK in a pinch or for a night but shouldn't be considered a real option. The windows don't open which is not uncommon but although I used to live in NYC, I am a beach girl now so that drove me crazy. The front facing room is opposite an office building that is so lit up well into the night that the curtains must be closed tight to escape it. Had we paid full price for the suite we would have been much less unforgiving.The location is perfect-close enough to Times Square without being part of that tourist area. We walked to St. Patrick's, watched the Today Show goings on in the morning, short stroll to the 21 Club, Saks.The staff is very nice and it is fun to pet the resident cat in the lobby. This is really the last of its kind, it is a piece of living history. I may not choose to stay here every trip into the city but I will never spend time there without at least stopping for a drink. But if ever I have to travel solo in NYC I think this would be my first choice for a stay-it is intimate and comfortable. Overall, one word-nice.	
Oct 29 2008 	Beyond Pet Friendly	I travel to NYC at least twice a month on business, and usually stay at my company's designated hotel. But I was accompanied by my 13 yr-old Tabby cat on this recent trip because we were driving through to another destination. Knowing that The Algonquin is famous for its House Cat, I confirmed that the hotel is pet friendly. Never did I expect that my cat would get more attention than me! The guest room was prepped with a disposable litter box, food &amp; water bowl, spoon for wet food, plastic bags and a strainer, and best of all -- a place mat!Even better than that was Hilda...the housekeeper who showered Tigger with rubs and kisses.Six stars for the Algonquin!	
Oct 24 2008 	Very good hotel for theatre district	I recently stayed a Saturday night in a Premier Suite (the Dorothy Parker!). Got a great rate from an online special from the hotel- 20% off the regular rate and an upgrade and continental breakfast. The suite had a separate living room with sofa bed ( pretty uncomfortable) and bedroom with small but adequate bathroom. Room was very clean, but could have used more towels. Some issues with noise from adjoining room as well. However, considering we had 2 rooms and the location ( a few blocks from the theatre) this was well worth the price. Staff was professional. The waiter at breakfast was very gracious, as was the bartender in the Blue Bar. Once again, New York cab drivers proved to be obnoxious. One refused to drop us off at the theatre after dinner at 21 Club (always excellent)and dropped us off several blocks away. NYC was bustling and crowded- stores did not seem to be affected by the economy. Salespeople at Bergdorf's and Bendel's were rude as usual, but saleswomen at the Coach and Cole-Haan stores on 50th St were great. If you are going to the theatre or get a great rate, this hotel is recommended. If not, I would stay elsewhere- probably the Grammercy Park .	
Oct 15 2008 	WARNING!!! There's a building being built next door! Wonder why the deals?	In comparison to the prices at the other hotels the $240 I paid to stay at the Algonquin was a steal. I bit my tongue when the front desk clerk smilingly told me 'Thats what you get when booking priceline!' when I ask for twin beds in exchange for the queen size bed I was given. Any bed size change was considerably more money... king, twin. He actually seemed to enjoy telling me. I chose to share a queen size bed with my nephew.It was only the next morning at before 7 am did it become clear WHY the rooms where so discounted (in comparison to near by hotels). There is a high rise under construction directly across the street. It is currently at foundation stage. I was way up in the building and still the yelling construction crew and the jackhammers and the resounding sound of metal pounding on steel easily penetrate my wax earplugs. The front desk response? &quot;Thats what you get for booking priceline!&quot; BTW, The hotel is tired. You will probably convince yourself that it is preserved history... but the dented wood, sloppy paint and the New Yorker magazine cartoon wallpaper throughout was pretty tacky.	
Oct 7 2008 	Great Value and Nice Hotel	I had been looking for a hotel for a weekend in NY for a while and found a great deal for the Algonquin on lastminute.com. The reviews on tripadvisor were good but since I was paying just over £100 per night I was concerned about the type of room we were going to get. Well, it was lovely. The room was above average by NY standards, well appointed, clean and not too noisy. the bed was very comfy and it had everything you need for a city break. the hotel itself has a great location, fab service and has a quirkiness to it that was very endearing. Great place for a NY city break.	
Sep 4 2008 	Class is Still Alive in New York	This is a hotel from a bygone era which has been updated and brought into the present time without sacrificing the very unique and classy heritage that it represents. Our room was a little small, but clean and functional. After all, we only needed it for sleeping and bathing. The bed was, without exception, the most comfortable and luxurious experience we've had in a hotel. What a joy to fall into it at the end of a long day of sightseeing and shopping. But the wonderful lounge area off of the lobby was where we had the most fun. Even if we weren't guests, we would be back there to enjoy a nightcap any time. The staff is outstanding. Their professionalism and friendlieness should be the envy of even the most &quot;exclusive&quot; hotels of New York. We felt safe, we felt appreciated and we have no problem returning there again in the future. It is a rare gem in the midst of the sprawl of Manhattan - but one that should not be overlooked. Be sure to order a &quot;Mathilda&quot; cocktail if you are in the bar and then stop by and say hello to the old girl herself. One very lucky kitty.	
Aug 29 2008 	Great Anniversary Weekend	We celebrated our anniversary in New York and wanted a nice Midtown hotel for the weekend. Priceline gave us the Algonquin, which was great because we probably wouldn't have come across it on our own.The location was one block from Time Square, so it was close but quiet. The room was a decent size (by NYC standards), clean and simply decorated. The bed was amazingly comfortable. The recent remodeling gave the room a modern feel despite being an older hotel.The staff was very friendly and helpful, which rounded out our great experience. My only concern was the 'house cat' that lives in the lobby, but it did not aggravate our cat allergies. I think we would gladly stay here again on our next visit to Manhattan.	
Aug 18 2008 	Great Stay!	Just celebrate my 40th birthday in New York with my mother. We had always wanted to stay here and were not disappointed. The location could not be better, and the hotel staff was very helpful and agreeable. The storage in the room is practically nonexisitent, but that was our only complaint. The bed was absolutely the most comfortable I have ever slept in, and our room toward the back of the hotel was totally quiet. I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Aug 11 2008 	Elegant hotel conveniently located	I had read about this hotel on trip adviser so I thought I had a pretty good idea of what to expect. The hotel is very historic, beautiful, absolutely charming, and the Times Square location really cannot be beat. I'm not quite sure what people were talking about regarding the rooms being small - we had a standard king-sized bed room and the size was fine- same size as any other hotel room. As far as the hotel being &quot;dated&quot; - the old style decor of the hotel is well maintained - nothing looks ragged or not well cared for by any means. I'm surprised that people would complain about the style of the hotel since it's not old in the forgotten, we-don't-care-to-renovate kind of way. Unfortunate that more hotels *don't* have the character of this one. I'd take this hotel any day over one of the boxy generic chains, even if the price of the others were cheaper.As someone who used to work in a hotel, I was surprised that the front desk staff was not more friendly. They were not immediately aware of what was happening in front of the desk, judging by their longer-than-normal non-response to a group of us standing in front of them. The doormen, however, are absolutely wonderful: so friendly, very very helpful, and exactly what one should expect in a 4-star hotel (4 stars according to hotwire). They seem to love their jobs, which is wonderful to see. ITechnical things: if one has trouble moving around due to age or disability, I'd recommend asking for a handicap accessible room. The main reason is because of the bathtub - it's quite higher than most to get into, so it's worth looking into if you normally have difficulty getting into a bathtub. It wasn't a problem for us, but it's something to be aware of. Some minor annoyances: the hot water had to run for a while before it actually got warm and then hot. Also, the remote didn't work. I did let the staff know about these issues. Finally, a coffee maker would have been appreciated as someone else mentioned.These minor issues did not detract from our stay, and we would definitely stay at the Algonquin again in a heartbeat.	
Aug 11 2008 	A quaint little place w/ great service	We stayed at the Algonquin for two nights, August 9 and 10, 2008. The bottom line: We enjoyed our visit and would stay there again. We booked through Priceline and saved over 50% off the rack rate. The hotel is just a few blocks from Times Square in the heart of Manhattan. It’s also just down the block from the Toys R Us so, although we didn’t have our kids with us, it made for a nice landmark. The hotel itself is stately without being stuffy. The lobby was filled with nice cushy chairs and made an enjoyable place to relax between excursions and have a quiet conversation. The staff were all excellent: extremely polite, helpful, knowledgeable, etc. Exactly what you would want during any hotel stay. The room was small but comfortable. The bed was incredibly comfy, surprisingly so since it was only a double. Complimentary bottles of water were provided, which came in quite handy on a summer day. Elevators seemed to run well, although it wasn’t a significant inconvenience to walk down the stairs. I’m not sure that I would recommend this hotel to a traveling family, but it was perfect for a quick getaway for my husband and me (late 30’s/early 40’s). I initially rated the hotel 4 stars, but I couldn't think of anything that I would change, so I've improved the rating.	
Jul 30 2008 	The good the bad and the ugly	Stayed for 7 nights on business. I came in a day early to rest up before the intense training I would be attending. Unfortunately at 11:30 pm on that Saturday night, I was awakened by the staff person who had checked me in. He had two workmen with him who he said needed to come in and repair my air conditioner (which seemed to be working okay to me). I had fallen asleep watching TV so was fuzzy-headed and stupidly let them in. After a few minutes though I realized it was almost midnight! The workmen were very nice and apologetic, but the rest of the staff at the hotel seemed unable to explain to me WHY they would be doing maintenance in an occupied room at midnight. The new air conditioner worked better, but I wouldn’t have known the difference if they’d waited until the next morning. When I talked to the manager, she apologized and said I would be compensated. This turned out to come in the form of a free breakfast. Whoopee. Especially insulting given that the company I was working for already had paid for me to have breakfast at the hotel. The amount of the tip came to more than breakfast next door at the diner would have cost altogether.Other than that…the room was small but perfectly comfortable as was the bed. Most staff were friendly and helpful (including the concierge – blonde woman whose name I didn’t get). The location is good if you want to be close to Times Square, but not much else to do in that immediate area. The Red Flame diner next door and the DBistro on the other side are both great (although opposite ends of the dining experience spectrum). Street noise in my room (on the 9th floor) was horrible. It was compounded by an idiot in a Lamborghini who parked on the curb outside and revved his engine every three hours ALL NIGHT LONG. My colleagues who had rooms on the other side of the building heard that, but said that otherwise the rooms were quieter than mine. I thought the building was beautiful and I was very happy to stay at such a historic icon. Given the disaster of the first night wherein I paid $350 to NOT sleep, and the staff’s disinterest in making me feel any better about that, I can not say that I recommend the Algonquin. P.S. I've attached a sweet picture of Matilda. That is the mellowest cat I've ever met!	
Jul 13 2008	Algonquin review from late 20's	My gf and I stayed there from the end of June till July 3rd and had a great time at our stay. The staff was extremely friendly, the room was small, but what room isnt small in Manhattan right? The bed was comfortable and overall our stay was pleasant. There was some construction going on outside our window which we didnt care for but it was just bad timing. great place to stay! by the way, the clientel seemed to be an average age of mid 40's if that matters to anyone.	
Jul 11 2008 	Dated by about 100 Years	The Algonquin hotel is OLD, and they seem proud of it. The decor is all turn-of-the-century (20th) themed. For those who are into that sort of thing, it's probably a great hotel.The rooms were actually more nicely appointed than I thought they would be, although I still wouldn't write home. There was an LCD flat panel TV, probably about 32&quot;, however there was no HD programming. There was also an MP3 clock radio -- the same model you find in Hilton hotels... terrible sound, but it gets the job done.The room was very small and a little uncomfortable.All in all, I would not stay here again. However, if early 1900s decor is something you would like, then this is the place for you.	
Jul 4 2008 	Great Service - Old Hotel	The service was very good, but the rooms are small. Because I had one child with me for only one of the two nights, I requested two beds. The only two bedded rooms are twin beds. They ended up upgrading us to a king bed, but was disappointed with the size of the room and the inability to accomodate my request for two beds. This is the first time doing hotwire that I have had that problem.	
Jul 2 2008 	Absolutely Awsome!!!	We just returned from a four night stay at THE ALGONQUIN in New York ... we absolutely loved it!! The room was perfect, the bed is very comfortable (heavenly) ... The hotel staff are very accomodating - we requested a fridge, and within minutes got it. Jenny (at the front desk) is very friendly. The hotel is in a great location ... everything is within walking distance. You cannot go wrong with this hotel. Don't think twice about booking your stay at the Algonquin ... rooms are great (very clean) and the noise is not bad (what city doesn't have some noise going on) ... You will NOT be disappointed if you book here!	
Jun 23 2008 	Ahhhh! Five Jackhammers Out My Window!!	I'm not kidding. I woke up at 6:45am to the miserable sensation of my room shaking and looked out the window, bleary-eyed, directly down into a massive construction pit. It was so horrible it was almost funny. We had wondered about the earplugs on the bedside table...Some of the rooms facing the other direction are probably fine, but I felt like we should at least have been given a warning considering how much we were paying for the room and that they clearly knew there was an issue. It was a Friday morning, and Saturday and Sunday were quieter, although work still did go on on Saturday - but more at a noise level you expect anyway in New York. That first morning was outrageous - we had to raise our voices to be heard. It was really at that level of complete disbelief. And actually, the room itself had a couple of very minor flaws - some patchwork in the bathroom. I wouldn't risk staying here again now that I've had the experience of staying in the famous Algonquin once.	
Jun 23 2008 	WOW WOW WOW Perfect for our anniversary	5th year in a row to nyc, last year was the iroqouis and i am having a hard time choosing a leader. the suite on the 11th floor was very quite, never a noise in our room. king size bed was perfect and i must say the best ac of any nyc hotel, instant 69 degrees for bedtime. room was pefrect size to have several friends over for pre-bar drinks. We loved matilda (the cat), work out room was adequate (no pool, hot tub though), bar was great, round table and lobby was great also. perfect spot to walk to db for dinner and walk to a show. will go again!	
Jun 23 2008 	History only goes so far	Stayed at The Algonquin with my partner on a work trip, mostly because its location was convenient for the work purpose of the trip.Can't say a lot of wonderful things - it has ts charms, but it's mostly running on its historic interest. Alas, Dorothy Parker's time has passed, and The Algonquin has done little to keep up with the times, or to compete on its merits as a hotel.Rooms and amenities are just adequate, service is gracious, location excellent. When the work leg of the trip ended we relocated to a much nicer hotel on the same street.	
Jun 14 2008 	Wonderful NYC Hotel!	We just returned from a weeks stay at the Algonquin in NYC. This hotel is wonderful! The Algonquin is truly a historic hotel, with a fantastic location. The rooms are small, however, remember this is a historic hotel and it's NYC--you don't find large rooms in the city. Our room was extremely clean and the beds very comfortable. The staff at the Algonquin really make this a unique hotel, they remember who you and are beyond helpful. We have a stayed at larger hotels in NYC, but from now on will stay at the Algonquin..we truly recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for an authentic NYC experience.	
May 30 2008 	fantastic	just back from new york with my wife and two children.after twice staying at the sofitel i was nervous about staying at the algonquin due to mixed reviews.no need to worry though!!all the staff made us feel so welcome .never before have i seen staff so concerned that we should have a great time staying in new york.on arrival the bell man showed us to our suite explaining how everything worked.after returning to our room that night we were greeted with a welcome card,fresh fruit,and colouring books for the kids.the room was always very clean.never had a problem with lifts as others have mentioned.everything was perfect.i was a little worried about my five year old running about in such a high class hotel.on one occasion he went missing.no need to worry here though as he was sat outside with the bellman playing with his nintendo.in the lounge , a waiter , told us not to worry about my son playing as he was five and at that age its his job!!my fourteen year old daughter also loved the algonquin.tears followed our departure with a promise that we would return.all in all excellent hotel with excellent staff.we couldnt have chosen a better hotel at any price.thank you	
May 27 2008 	They left the Milk out for the Cat	I just returned home from a Holiday Weekend in New York. We stayed at the Algonquin for 3 nights over the Memorial Day weekend.We were greeted by an average bellman who did not say hello or welcome or anything. He just opened to door.While waiting to check in, we were greeted by a very cold staff at the front desk. The concierge, whom I had made eye contact with when I went up to the desk, could not be bothered to let the other staff know that there were people waiting in line so we actually had to ring the bell.The room was small, but very nice. It was exactly what I would expect from a Vintage Hotel. The bed was amazing. The bathroom was again tiny, but enough room for 1 person. The location was great! You can not ask for a better location. It's right in the heart of the Theater District.I was very disappointed that there was not a coffee maker in the room. It was one thing that I really need when I get up. While the coffee in those services is not the best, it’s at least a hot cup of coffee to start your day. I opted for ordering room service at a total charge of $18.00 for a 20oz carafe of coffee.We also ran into trouble with the Housekeeping staff. The Algonquin site boasts the worlds class housekeeping. I would beg to differ. On returning to our room after a long day of shopping we came into the room to find a shopping bag filled with rubbish from other rooms. I quickly called down to the front desk and advised them of the issue. Twenty minutes later they sent a housekeeper who had very little knowledge of the English Language to remove bag from the room. I did receive a very timid &quot;I'm Sorry&quot; from the woman.The Next morning was much the same, I needed my coffee and was forced to either walk down the street to get a coffee or pay $18.00 for room service. It was far too easy to dial the phone! I have to admit the coffee from room service was VERY GOOD. We left the room around 10 A.M. and planned on spending the entire day out and about. We returned to the Hotel very late at about 11 P.M. for a quick freshen up and then out for a night out on the town. We walked in to the faint smell of spoiled milk. The cleaning staff never removed the tray that contained the coffee service from that morning.I went down stairs to speak to a manager. He stated that he would have the tray removed at once and when asked what would be done to resolve the issue, I was told that the Manager would discuss it with me the next morning. He totally passed the issue off to the staff the following morning. We went out and when we returned to our floor we were greeted by the coffee tray in front of the 'service closet' with the spoiled milk still there. I guess they were waiting for the Algonquin House Cat to come and have a sip of milk before going to bed!The next morning was check out! We were again greeted by a very cold staff. When I asked the women if they had been made aware of the issue with my room, the woman acknowledged that she was in fact made aware and that the Housekeeping Manager was aware of the problems. No apologies were given! When I advised her that I was leaving with a very 'bad taste in my mouth for the service&quot; She asked if I would like the housekeeping manager to call me to apologize. I realized that I needed to speak to the General Manager as I was becoming more frustrated as time went on. My request was met with the extremely negative body language. Upon her return, she stated that the manager would be right out to speak to me momentarily.Ten Minutes later the manager never showed up to speak with me. I was so angry that I just walked out. I did book the room through Priceline.com so I contacted them in hopes of getting some type of resolution to the issue.In summary... Poor Service from Staff makes this hotel one of the worst hotels I have stayed in.	
May 24 2008	Mixed feelings	I booked on Priceline at $275/ night for five nights. I had stayed at The Algonquin about ten years ago and vowed not to return for many reasons. When bidding I chose a wide range of both star levels and areas in NYC and in the back of my mind was &quot;what are the chances I'll end up at The Algonquin&quot;. As luck would have it.......The guest rooms are as small as I remembered but nicely remodeled and very clean. The mattress was comfortable and the linens were top notch. The bathroom was updated and efficient albeit still dated in some respects and the bathroom amenities are slight.The hotel certainly has it's charm, the renovation of all the common areas is well done; nice, inviting and it stayes true to the hotels great history and ambiance. My room on the seventh floor and was very quiet other than a few rude neighbors that like to slam doors, the hotel has no control over them.The very best asset of The Algonguin are the support staff, the doormen, the bellman, the housekeepers and the maintenance crew are polite, friendly and always with a smile. Like all the reviews reveal, the elevators ARE a nightmare so here is your opportunity to meet them all while you wait and wait to decide whether to just take the stairs or not.The worst asset hands down is the front desk staff. The check in reception was cold and not at all welcoming. I approached the desk a few other times during my five night stay and got the cold shoulder again and again. At check out she never once looked up. All I got was &quot;room number?..... and your paid up&quot; She turned around and never looked back. No thank you, hope you enjoyed your stay....no nothing.You can't beat the location and if your a single business traveler or tourist it's a good choice If you need help rely on the doorman on duty. They were all great. The standard rooms are too small for two people.	
May 18 2008 	Now this is one special hotel. one of the best	This is a really, really special hotel. Has a great atmosphere, the cat is hillarious and the whole ambience is classy New York of the old school. The location is also ideal. The walls are covered in cartoons from the New Yorker, what more could you want to cheer you up on the way down to breakfast? Some people here are complaing about the size of the rooms, but they are not THAT small and secondly, who cares when everything else in the hotel is so good, including the mid-town Manhattan location. Matilda the cat is probably the highlight, she is so regal looking and adds something very special to the atmosphere. The staff are extremely helpful and the breakfast is top notch. As the phrase goes ``whats not to like''¬	
May 9 2008 	An Expensive Shoe Box	My wife and I have just had a 4-day break at the Algonquin NYC. For the price (around $480/night) we expected much more. The foyer area is quite charming and our room was freshly renovated and painted. Yes there was a whiff of paint in the air, but not too bad. However, the room was very small by New York standards with a tiny bathroom. More like a Paris hotel where small is expected. There was no in-room safe, no bar service refrigerator and no tea/coffee making facilities. The room was very dark in the middle of the building with almost no daylight. It was difficult connecting to the Internet and nobody was of much assistance. This was a major problem for my wife, as she urgently needed to connect when we arrived for business reasons. It took hours to resolve and my wife eventually got connected around 2:00am.I called reception soon after arrival to see if there was a larger room and was informed, “This is a boutique hotel sir and you have one of the largest rooms.” I can’t imagine what a small room would be like. I asked again in the morning and received exactly the same response, which implied that this is a common request from guests. It is almost as if the word boutique gives them licence to charge more.My wife and I are frequent travellers to NYC and know what to expect in terms of value for money. We are happy to pay more when we want more, but resent paying more for less. We would definitely not recommend this hotel, especially if you are a business traveller. We have just returned for 2 days and are happily residing in a relatively new chain hotel close by where the rooms are twice the size and have all the facilities we have come to expect, at a far cheaper room rate.	
May 8 2008 	Awesome!	We loved the Algonquin! We were in room 914 and we did not hear any construction noise. The room is small but the furniture was well thought out and therefore, I never felt cramped or uncomfortable. Free internet was great! The bed was super comfortable and the linens were soft. The towels were thick and plush. The hotel is very luxurious. The only thing that makes the hotel seem like a 3 star hotel vs. a 4 star hotel is the toliet paper. It was one ply and not very soft! :) The location is perfect. We were able to walk everywhere and the subway station is very close. It was great having a 24 hour drug store nearby as well. The staff was friendly and promptly brought up extra towels when we requested them. The lobby/lounge/bar area was crowded every night, so it made the hotel feel fun and festive.	
May 7 2008 	I want to buy their bed!!	Once I laid on that bed, I never wanted to leave the room! I surprised my boyfriend with a New York weekend trip for our anniversary in March 2007 (last year) and booked The Algonquin for its location. I love how the lobby is dark and lounge-y, and of course loved Matilda the kitty as she lounged on the bellhop carts! Check-in was pleasant. I was at first put off that my room was right across from the elevator, but found that it didn't bother me too much. The room is small, but clean and nicely decorated, and my window view was of the building next door (but hey, it's NY, so what do you expect?). There was construction also when we were there, but it ended at 6pm on Friday, and as far as I know they didn't do any work on the weekend because we didn't hear it. But I'll tell you, that bed is awesome!! I wasn't expecting it to be sooo comfortable. In fact, it was so comfortable that my boyfriend and I skipped our anniversary dinner and ordered room service in bed! Truly fantastic. The food was good, but as expected it was very pricey. Our on-demand movies were not working well..they would start to play and then randomly shut off in the middle of the movie, but after complaining to the front desk they took the charges off my bill. The location was PHENOMENAL, and there were tons of places to shop, sightsee, and eat right around the hotel. The next time I go to NY, I will no doubt be staying at The Algonquin.	
Apr 18 2008 	Construction Warning But A Great Hotel	We just returned fron a two night stay at the Algonquin to celebrate my birthday. It's a lovely boutique hotel but with horrendous construction noise! Our first night was in Room 1205. It was a cute, sunny room with a big bow window and window seat. It wasn't a large room but we're used to that in the city. When shown to my room, I noticed the construction site down below but thought, hey, we'll only be in the room to sleep so it shouldn't be a problem. At 1 AM I cursed myself for that thought as the construction was just stopping for the night. It resumed again around 6 AM with jack hammering, loud &quot;backing up&quot; beeps, and an air horn going off every 15 -20 minutes. Needless to say we were exhausted and it was ruining my birthday. On the way past the front desk, we expressed our complaints and were cheerfully moved to another room, 507, in the inner court.. This was even an upgrade to a larger room with a king size bed at no extra charge. It was much quieter but there is no escaping the air horns from the construction site. We both slept soundly for our second night. Try to get a room numbered 9-12 on each floor (ex 509 for the fith floor) as these rooms are on the front side of the hotel furthest from the construction site in the back.We thought the hotel staff was great. They were all very friendly and greeted you as you went in and out of the hotel. We got a kick out of Matilda, the hotel cat , who lounged around like the Queen of Sheba.We ate our breakfast a few doors down at the Red Flame diner. We had very expensive drinks ($16 each) in the Blue Bar to celebrate the end of my birthday. The drinks were wonderful.We also went to see the musical Curtains starring David Hyde Pierce from the Frazier show. It was a fun, entertaining show! We can't understand why it wasn't packed. We purchased our tickets online thru www.tdf.org for $36 each. In spite of the construction, we would stay at the Algonquin again. We love the older style hotels in New York City as they all have such a unique character that you don't find in the chain hotels. The Algonquin is in an excellent location for exploring the city and you can't beat the friendliness of the staff.	
Apr 14 2008 	Construction Noise- Stay Away!!!	The good- The hotel is charming. It has so much personality and history, and it was great for that.The bad- CONSTRUCTION noise from H*ll! Expect to be woken up at 6 am ET (especially hard if you're from another time zone) to the sound of jackhammers. It sounds like they're literally drilling in your room! They even put earplugs on the nightstand- I tried them but they didn't help whatsoever. Upon check out, the front desk said there was research recently done that showed 1/2 of all NY hotels are going through similar construction. I was too sleep deprived to tell her that I stay in NY quite often for business, and this is the first time I've ever been kept awake at night (I'm not even a light sleeper!) I also told her, and I quote &quot;This is a great hotel, but I'm not even going to think about staying here until the construction is over.&quot; If you want to sleep the hours between 6 am and 5 pm (and on vacation you probably do, or at least come back to take a nap), STAY AWAY. This is the first review I've ever done on TripAdvisor- I usually lurk, but I had to speak up on this one.	
Apr 10 2008 	Keep Looking! There are way better hotels for the $ in NYC!!!	I get to stay in a lot of NY hotels every year, and this is either the smallest room or the biggest shoe box in NYC. (but all nyc hotel rooms are small. So, let's talk about the real issues...)The beds are not comfortable.The hotel staff did not replace bathroom supplies.The bar staff is rude.The showers do not produce hot water after midnight!!!!! (Seriously!)And there is construction outside that starts in the early morning, every morning!Keep Looking!!!!!!!	
Apr 1 2008 	Below average!	We got a great rate through Travelzoo ($189 including Continental Breakfast and a Deluxe Room).Well, maybe that was the problem.Our room - 512 - was everything but &quot;Deluxe&quot;... It was a little bit bigger than a Queen Size bed. Yes, there was a flat screen TV, because a regular TV wouldn't fit in the room, unless you removed the bed. And I'm not joking!The &quot;gym&quot; was small and very basic.Wi-fi doesn't work in all the rooms, &quot;but works really well in the lobby&quot; - Great!And the staff... ah, the staff... it was the most unhappy staff I ever encounter in my life. From the unfriendliness of the front desk, to the bad mood in the restaurant Round Table - long wait for the food, the eggs Benedict were as cold as the waiter's behavior, when he saw that we had a coupon for breakfast - anyway, after two days of an early nightmare at the Round Table, we decided to go somewhere else for breakfast. Room service forgot to clean our room on the first day. So, we complain around 3PM and when we came back after the theater that night, the room wasn't done yet. The maid came around 11PM and blamed us for the mistake. Did you say 4 stars hotel? What?!They say the Algonquin is a boutique hotel... maybe so, but it was a Grand hotel in the 30's and 40's and today it tries to survive from past memories, location, and a cat in the old lobby - it's like the Queen Mary in Long Beach... Just pass the memory lane and go for a decent hotel that has style and substance not faded memories...	
Mar 30 2008	Gread Olde Worlde Hotel	A really lovely hotel, with a olde worlde foyer which looks like something from an Agatha Christie novel. Friendly staff, good sized rooms. The most comfortable beds ever. We got a great deal through Travelzoo which included continental breakfast and we were delighted. The room was quite large, bright and airy with a flatscreen tv on the wall. Just down the road was a great local bar called Jimmy's, and an excellent Mexican restaurant. Just a block back from Times Square, so a great location, without being noisy.	
Mar 28 2008 	Great Hotel For Family Visit	Just returned from a mini-trip to NYC with our two teens. Being our first trip to NYC, we wanted a location convenient to see as much of the city as possible. Could not have asked for a better location. Within easy walking distance of Times Square, Rockefeller Center, Broadway and Central Park. Very easy subway access to Lower East Side, Chinatown and Little Italy.We had a suite that was clean, comfy, very nicely appointed and recently renovated. The service and friendliness of the staff really sets this hotel apart. On our next trip, there will be no question, we'll stay at the Algonquin. Also highly recommend the Red Flame Diner next door.	
Mar 28 2008 	The Algonquin was Great!	We stayed at the Algonquin from March 16th - 22nd, 2008. We booked through Expedia and got a great rate (under $300.00 a night), so we weren't expecting a premier suite by any means.We thoroughly enjoyed our stay. We have stayed at two other hotels on that same block and the Algonquin certainly measured up. We found the staff to be very friendly and helpful, from the front desk to the doormen. Matilda the resident feline is a very nice touch!Our room was rather small, but in New York that is to be expected. It was still bigger than many hotel rooms I've stayed in when in Europe, and even in New York.The bed was a King and it was exceptionally comfortable, the room was very clean and tidy. The bathroom was also very functional, no bathtub but the shower was fine, in size and water pressure. Housekeeping was very thorough and accommodating, I like to lounge around the room when on vacation and they were always very good about not disturbing me - magically the room was always cleaned when I returned, no matter how late I left. It's true the elevators are small (and slow). We were on the 10th floor so the stairs were not really an option. Having travelled throughout Europe where small elevators are the norm, it didn't bother us at all. The location is superb, close to everything, and there's a most excellent diner right next door, the Red Flame - didn't even need to put on a coat to run over there. Coffee and breakfast for 10 bucks! There was some construction noise the first two mornings, but hey, it's New York - you're in the wrong place if you're looking for serenity! The noise is certainly not the hotel's fault, and it stopped after those first two days. I certainly don't hold the Algonquin responsible for New York's construction industry!I think the reviews here that complain about the style of the hotel fail to keep in mind the very essence of the Algonquin. It is a landmark and a historical building, the oldest hotel in NYC. It's not meant to be a trendy spot - it is a classic in the European tradition. I find it very telling that the negative reviews are mostly from North Americans, while visitors from Europe love it. We loved it, and will definitely stay there again.	
Mar 6 2008	a warm welcome at the algonquin	I had a faboulous time in NYC when I stayed at the Algonquin - infact I ended up getting engaged to my long standing girlfriend in the room there !It is a charming 1920s style hotel. I found the staff extremely helpful and the location fantastic.I found the foyer bar a relaxing place to chill out after a day's sightseeing / shopping and also enjoyed the hotel's evening thanksgiving meal. I am sure there are bigger / better / more fashionable places to stay in New York, but the warmth, charm and ambience of the Algonquin made it a fantastic place to stay. Happy times.	
Mar 3 2008	What a downer	We were very excited to stay in a &quot;Premier Suite&quot; (total bill approx $650 for one night) at the Algonquin. Unfortunately, our woes began immediately. We arrived shortly after 3 p.m. I parked the car and my wife went inside to check in. At the desk, a female guest cut in front of my wife. This guest complained loudly about the overpowering smell of paint in her suite. The desk moved her to a new suite. My wife then stepped up to check in to our suite. She was told that our suite was not ready and there would be a delay. We then waited until about 4:30, cooling our heels in the lobby, with our 2 kids who were itching to get over to Times Square. I went to the desk several times. On the 2d visit I was given 2 free breakfast passes, although there were four of us. Finally, we were brought upstairs to a suite on the 10th floor - - - which was gorgeous but reeked of fresh paint and did not include the pull out couch which was promised and necessary for our kids. No big mystery how and why we ended up in the &quot;paint suite&quot;. I advised the desk the paint suite was unacceptable because, aside from the obvious, our kids would have no place to sleep. After a short wait we then had to move our luggage to a new suite - - an old, dark, non-updated, back of the building space with dirty windows on the 5th floor - - and right on top of an active construction site which was so loud we could not hear each other speak inside the room. The coup de grace was yet to come. Thinking it was a closet, my wife opened our half of the pass-through door into the next room. Our neighbor then opened her side door and screamed at my wife &quot;this is another room&quot; and slammed her door. My wife then had some words through the walls. Things then got surreal, when the phone rang. The front desk had called to warn us that our neighbor had complained. My wife then began to cry and told the front desk the full story. The front desk could not have cared less, and advised my wife that the complainant had been moved to another room. The attitude was &quot;that's the way it is&quot;. My wife was then inconsolable. We are not complainers but we have never had such a negative experience at any other hotel. The unpleasant lady next door was certainly not the hotel's fault, but the hotel's insensitivity to my wife's side of it, as well as to her recounting of the other problems we had experienced, certainly was. Very, very discouraging and upsetting.	
Feb 15 2008 	Charming but ultimately marginally OK	I spent two cold, snowy nights at the Algonquin Hotel when I was in NY on business. Overall, the experience was really uneven – all of the previous reviews are basically accurate. While nothing rose to the level of being truly disastrous, the whole experience left me a bit frustrated and disappointed. It wasn’t all bad, however:The Good1. Great Location. For sure the best thing about the hotel is its stellar location on 44th between 5th and 6th, within walking distance of the Theater District and Grand Central.2. Historical ambiance. The Algonquin is a charming old hotel. The lobby has an unmistakable ambiance – it’s not that big and a tad dumpy, but throughout my stay there were people hanging out enjoying themselves and there was actually something of a scene there, if you could call it that. The cabaret was busy at night. There were quirky quotes on the fronts of each of the doors.3. Clean rooms and comfortable bed. I thought the bed was exceptionally comfortable. The room was small but no worse than plenty of other NY hotels. I thought the bathroom was fine – not great but fine. My colleague even had a renovated room with new furniture. The flat screen TV was also a nice touch.4. Decent food. I had one dinner and one breakfast at the hotel. Although the prices were unmistakably NY high, the food wasn’t bad. We ate another night next door at Café DB, home of the $75 hamburger (in which I didn’t partake).5. Good prices. I paid in the low $300’s for my room. Had I stayed at the swanky Royalton across the street it would’ve cost me more than twice what I paid and for a room which was much smaller.6. Great door men. I thought the door men did an exceptional job, particularly given the cold, wet, snowy weather. They were friendly, they helped out with the luggage in the cab, they made a great first impression.7. The Algonquin cat. I guess there’s a legend about a cat that lives at the Algonquin. Sure enough, the cat was there at the front desk. I thought it was a nice touch.8. Lots of papers to choose from. I liked coming down the elevator and having my choice of the Wall Street Journal, New York Times, USA Today or NY Post in addition to the USA Today at my door.The Not as Good1. There is construction going on next door. I was out by 7 and not back until after dinner each day so I missed the noise, but if you want a quiet night’s sleep or to sleep in, this isn’t the place for you. My colleague got chocolates in their room each night. I got ear plugs. Seriously. I will say that the hotel told me upfront when I checked in about the construction and they indicated that they moved me to the back of the building so it would be quieter and they warned me of the hours of construction, so they made the best of it in my opinion.2. Rooms don’t have all the fixins. No coffee maker. No mini-bar. Plugs aren’t well located. Wi-fi didn’t work all the time – first night it was free and the second night they tried to charge me. No business center.3. Not a lot of style. There is a fuddy duddy-ness to the lobby and the rooms. Perhaps this will be corrected in their renovation. The wallpaper on the upper floors was positively garish (not to mention peeling in a few places).4. Slow elevators. I ended up taking the stairs from the third floor.5. Funky front desk policies. At one point I asked for an Advil. They said that they wouldn’t give me one, and no hotel would do that because of the liability. I’ve had lots of hotels give me lots of over the counter drugs. Also, I had to sign something on my registration form in which I acknowledged that I would have to pay half if I checked out early. I’ve never had to do that before.The bottom line, you get what you pay for. In a City where everything costs an arm and leg, even a hotel room for under $400 can be considered cheap. Fortunately, I slept great and didn’t have a bad experience. Nonetheless, I was still pleased when I got home to my own bed, even if it wasn’t quite as comfortable as the one at the Algonquin.	
Jan 26 2008 	So Many Better Alternatives - Steer Clear of Algonquin	There comes a point when saving a couple of hundred dollars through a TravelZoo Deal isn't worth it. The sound of a jackhammer drilling next door all day was simply unacceptable when travelling with our 4 month old daughter. We had paid for an upgraded superior room, but management had to downgrade us to a quieter 'classic' room for the same price - Bait And Switch.The room was certainly clean enough and the bed was comfortable. It was outside the room where everything seemed in disarray. With only one working elevator - waits were long and even when the elevator arrived, it was usually full - very frustrating. The bellhops were very helpful, but sometimes to the point of being obsequious - that feeling that they're in your back pocket constantly.The final straw came the second morning when we had breakfast. I made the mistake of presenting our breakfast vouchers before ordering a continental breakfast and they brought out burnt toast and cold English muffins with cut pineapple. This was in stark contrast to the previous day when we received fresh pastries and croissants which was paid for with the voucher I presented after our meal. This experience cemented my conclusion that The Algonquin is an old dilapidated hotel that cuts corners whenever possible and hangs its hat on some obscure litarary references that ultimately mean nothing to their frustrated patrons	
Jan 9 2008	Classy fun and comfortable	What a joy it was to stay at the Algonquin Hotel in Midtown Manhattan. Only wished I could have spent more time here soaking up its history. Unike the chain hotels that dominate NY City this is a hotel with character and charm. Walking distance from Grand Central Station, it is also convenient. Though I only stayed one night at a special rate, I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again or recommend to friends from out of town. A surprisingly nice room (street view). Wished I could have taken this bed home with me. Terrific breakfast and great service during my stay. A bargain at twice the price...	
Jan 2 2008 	Great location very noisy	We stayed here while in NYC for the theater. Very convenient, only 2-3 blocks from most Broadway theaters. We had one pre-theater dinner in the Round Table room - very nice. We ate breakfast each day at the diner/cofee shop next door - good food, reasonable prices.The room itself was small, not much bigger than the very comfortable bed. (Good thing the TV was an LCD mounted to the wall.) The bathroom is tiny with a shower, no tub.The only negative, and it is a big one, was that construction began daily at 7 am and continued non-stop until 5. If you like to sleep in on vacation, forget it.We chose the hotel for its rates (not cheap, but better than most other hotels in the same area) and its history.	
Dec 19 2007 	Big Disappointment	Stayed five nights and were very dissapointed with the overall experience. The rates charged position the Hotel as a top class hotel and the only thing that justifies these rates is the staff who are mostly doing their best to be helpful and attend to your needs. Everything else was not at par with what you would expect in Manhatten at this level. The room ( we took the Deluxe!) was very small and poorly furinished, the bathroom tiny and very basic and the worst was the terrible noise form the street . The windows are old and do not isolate noise nor cold which means that you get noise both from the street and from the heating system that blows all night with a lot of noise.We were moved, at our request from the forth to the seventh floor but that did not improve anything.Add to this very long waits for elevator, breakfast that is not good and too expensive and we definitely are not coming back!	
Dec 19 2007 	So-So	We live in NYC but decided to spend Saturday night at the Algonquin since we were going to a Christmas party a block away. We've been to the Algonquin many times for drinks in the lobby and the cabaret show. When we made our reservation we asked for room in the front and as high as possible. When we checked in the room wasn't ready but we were told it was on the front on the 4th floor. When we came back we were told there weren't any front rooms available. With a little prodding they found one on the 6th floor-------why is this always so difficult?!The room was clean and renovated but very plain. Some color, even wallpaper, might have helped.The bed was excellent.A big disappointment came on Sunday morning when we went down for breakfast at 11 a.m. only to find out that breakfast isn't served after 11! Inexcusable in a major hotel, and since it was just 11, an accomodating maitre d' might have seated us. We ate next door at the Iroquois Hotel.A suggestion------There didn't seem to be a service elevator and we rode down with the room service cart. The elevator is tiny and the cart was filled with dirty trays and exposed, making it very easy to get food on someone's luggage or clothing. Why not invest in a closed cart like the airlines use?	
Dec 17 2007	Ideally located	I just returned from 2 nights at this hotel. I loved the location. Just 2 blocks from Broadway. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. We received good suggestions for restaurants and fast response for a taxi. The rooms were adequate for an old hotel. They were clean and extremely quiet on our floor. ( 9th) The only negative I found was the single elevator which was very busy Sunday morning - a very minor imposition.	
Dec 12 2007 	Fun for Shopping Weekend in NYC	What a great place to stay in New York City during the busiest shopping weekend of the year! The front desk staff was really helpful and friendly. The hotel is clean, beds are super-comfortable, and despite being an old hotel the bathrooms are immaculate. The room fits 2, no more. If you need to fit more people, get the suite, it's not much more $$. Location is fabulous, very close to all touristy locations, the subway, and cabs are waiting outside to take you somewhere. Me &amp; my fellow travelers are 30, and the average age of guest seemed to be 55 at the Algonquin. However, 30 year olds don't typically hang around in their hotel all night anyway! I would definitely stay here again. Cannot stress enough what a great place this is.	
Nov 26 2007 	getting better	A few years back bad things happened to the Algonquin. The prices went up and the service went down. The free bottled water was withdrawn from the rooms and the chaotic but friendly desk staff were replaced by chaotic but unfriendly desk staff. After a couple of bad stays, we tried elsewhere (ten trip to NYC, three different hotels)This Fall we thought we'd try again as the lobby bar is great and the hotel is next to the Red Flame Diner, one of the best in the city (and we'd been travelling uptown from Meatpacking to 44th just to use the diner anyway!) Desk friendly, but not excessively so. Hotel cleaner than it was a few years back. The old familiar and friendly faces on the door. Prices still steep for what's on offer (even for NYC) but you do get a great location and use of the lobby. That said, it would be nice to be warned about the building work which woke us every morning at the crack of dawn.	
Nov 13 2007 	Cute NY hotel	Rate received was reasonable for NY but not cheap by any means. The room was lovely albeit a little on the small side but it is NY. Flat screen TV a nice tough and bahroom amenities were nice. The Front Desk personnel were very friendly and double as concierge with good suggestions. Also liked the bar, very cosy. Only one downside was the elevator being slow but I was only on 3rd floor so the stairs worked well.	
Nov 7 2007	We'll be back!	We stayed at the Algonquin whilst I was visiting to run the marathon. We arrived last Thursday (1st Nov 07) and left on Monday 5th Nov. A few days before we travelled we saw some negative comments from guests and it caused us some concern.We needn't have worried. The only bad thing about this hotel was that during our stay there was some construction happening on some nearby land which was noisy but they did not work at the weekend. However the staff advised us as soon as we arrived and promised that if we found the noise too much that they would be happy to move us as soon as a room became availble. We were fine with it. I have read negative feedback about the dark foyet etc and wonder whether the people who booked actually looked at the pictures of the hotel first as it is obviously not a bright modern hotel!!!Great hotel, great staff (didn't like one girl on the reception who was miserable and unhelpful) the rest were great. Kevin, Sean and a lovely English chap (can't remember his name) were all really helpful on the door and for helping with luggage etc.Matilda the cat was super, I left 3 cats at home who I missed so having her around was comforting. I would definitely return to this hotel.This hotel is very central with great access to Times Square and 5th avenue and I couldn't fault it. It's also worth mentioning that they have a good gym too which is pretty much open all the time.	
Nov 3 2007 	well run hotel	very smart and clean place, friendly and informative staff. Good location.	
Oct 31 2007 	Perfect location but too much noise!	We have used Priceline to book a room in NYC and when we first saw the hotel we have gotten this way, we were quite pleased with the choice. But then I read the more actual reviews and unfortunately we have to give the Algonquin a rather mediocre review. The ambience is great and the rooms are very nice. The dark atmosphere in the lobby is not our taste, but we also have not to work there. We had a room in the 3rd floor so we could take the stairs which was a great advantage as wating for the elevators sometimes seemed to be an endless task. I a lot of of points we have to totally agree with the review of StevieH. In addition we have to warn everybody of the hotel, which has issues with noice in the night. The a/c is certainly one problem, but if you have a room towards the back, you can live experience how the hard rock of Manhattan island is drilled for a new construction. If you the ask to get a different room and get a room facing the street, you find out when exactly the trash is picked up and all other truck activities for the ongoing construction next door is happening....and this starting at 3am, when for us the night was over. We only stayed there 3 nights, so there was no point in fighting it an switch rooms again. The main problem is the old single glass windows, that do not absorb any noise and the window a/c, where a lot of noise also can pass through. It usually takes a lot to wake me in the middle of the nigth (we have 3 small children, so we are used to sleep with a lot of background noise), but the 3 nights in the Algonquin were certainly not worth the money. If the construction behind the hotel is done, it will be more attractive again, but I am sure that it will also be booked better then and not available at a lower budget.	
Oct 25 2007 	Great Location Comfortable Stay BUT:	We had a very comfortable stay at the Algonquin, which, for us, was ideally situated near to the Broadway theatre area. Our rooms were spacious and clean and the beds were superb.Reception and other staff were helpful and friendly, although some of the information they gave us was incorrect – our guide book was more reliable.We had booked an Expedia deal, including flights, so for us it was very good value. Had we paid the full published room rates, we might have been less forgiving. For example:- 4 months before we travelled we had requested a room with a bath, which was confirmed. When we arrived we were given a room with a shower.- There was complementary water in our rooms on arrival, but every day we had to ask for it to be replenished, until one day the supply ran out.- The room air-con was unbearably noisy, but we managed to make do with a ceiling fan. Had we been there a week earlier, when it was very hot, things would have been very different.- The Algonquin website says there are laptops for guests to use. When I asked, I was told that all the laptops had been withdrawn because of technical problems and they didn’t offer even a single terminal to guests for Internet access. As the New York public library was nearby, we used their free Internet access. There was a wireless Internet connection in our room (assuming it actually worked), but you would need your own computer with wireless interface.- There are 2 lifts (elevators), and only in the lobby is there a display for which floor they are at. Otherwise, you stand there waiting for ever not knowing if they are coming or going! We regularly gave up waiting and used the stairs (what hardship!).- The entrance lobby and the Oak Room merge, making the entrance permanently dingy. This isn’t a problem, but in the morning, it would be nice see what you’re doing!We didn’t try the Algonquin breakfast, as it was about $20 per person. Instead we went next door to the Red Flame Diner – not exactly the Ritz, but it did the job very well for just over $20 for all 4 of us.Any hotel that publicises it is the home of the $10,000 Martini as a claim to fame, must be short of worthwhile claims, which I believe is true of The Algonquin.In all, a comfortable and satisfactory stay, but I wouldn’t have been happy paying the full published room rates.	
Oct 11 2007	So disappointing	We'd stayed at The Algonquin over 20 years ago &amp; we were pleased to go back as we had fond memories of our time there.The first thing we noticed (how could you not) is that it is now attached to a building site. The noise starts at 7.15am &amp; goes on most of the day. It is incredibly noisy &amp; we were lucky we were on the other side of the building from the works.Our one bedroom suite was spacious &amp; clean. However, the air conditioner was so noisy it was like having a combine harvester in the room. The bed was classified as a queen but it was closer to a double &amp; was soft &amp; we kept rolling into the middle so we had 5 terrible nights sleep.The plumbing was antiquated. The bath plug is outside the bath &amp; very unhelpfully the instructions on how to use it were by the television in the sitting room ?The shower ran hot &amp; cold &amp; so for 5 days we were either scalded or frozen by the shower. The toilet required an engineering degree to work - if you didn't operate it properly effluent came back up - really distasteful. There was no ventilation in the bathroom &amp; it felt airless &amp; unpleasant. the products were awful - infact we went out &amp; bought some for ourselves.The staff with one of two exceptions (the doorman on the morning shift, our cleaner &amp; one of the bellmen) were completely uninterested &amp; unhelpful.The food was only ok.Oh &amp; I almost forgot for most of our stay only 1 elevator worked.The hotel needs a complete overhaul &amp; management needs to remember it's in the hospitality business.	
Sep 18 2007 	Never again	We were meeting friends of ours who used to live in NYC for a long weekend. They never stayed at the Algonquin but it was in a convenient location and had a long reputation so they reserved their room and a room for us. We got a confirmation of the reservation with specifics including a king size bed as we are both very tall.We arrived around 11:20pm since we just flew into the city. The clerk was polite but not particularly pleasant. We were shown to our tiny room which did not have a king size bed but a double. The bathroom was very dirty and the light fixture was missing with the lightbulb dangling down. The room was hot. There was an air conditioning unit in the room but the room never got cool. For four night I barely slept because of the heat. I even asked the housekeeping staff to keep the blinds closed to hopefully keep the room cooler. Our friend's room was the same. Good thing we didn't spend much time there.We had to put towels on the bathroom floor because the floors were so dirty. There was no place to store any tolietries in the bathroom and no ventalation. We were right across from the elevator so we heard it all night too. Every morning we were awakened by the construction noise from next door.The hanger in the closet had a lovely little sign for the bathrobes that were provided, the only things missing were the bathrobes!The only friendly staff members we found were the bellmen. The front desk and concierge were totally uninterested in assisting us and not very knowledgable.I will say, the tiny, little bed was comfortable. Too bad it was so hot and noisy in the room we couldn't sleep!I've traveled all over the world and never paid so much for little. I will not make that mistake again and hope to keep someone else from having this unpleasant experience.	
Sep 17 2007 	Very nice... would recommend!	We have just returned from a long weekend in New York with and other couple, staying at the Algonquin Hotel. We really enjoyed our stay there. It is very well situated... 3 minutes walk from Time Square. What really impressed us is the fact that it was pretty quiet considering the location. We could walk to the shows on Broadway, to the restaurants, as well as to Central Park through 5th Ave.We had dinner at the Hotel, in the Oak room, and where very satisfied even if the service was not that courteous.If, like us, you are going with an other couple, don't try to save money by sharing a Premier Suite, because the pull out bed is really unconfortable... or if you choose it, you better put the mattress directly on the floor.However, the master bed was very confortable, the room well equiped and giving little extras that makes the experience very enjoyable!We recommend it for sure!	
Sep 6 2007 	A Quiet Retreat	My husband and I spent 5 days in NYC for the purpose of exploring, seeing, and a short get-away! I got the Algonquin through Priceline at a price I was happy with. Had hoped to get a Hilton, Marriott, or other in that category. The Algonquin met our needs. The room was small, but king sized bed very comfortable. Staff were very kind and helpful. It is a historic hotel, which I'm not really in to, but we spent so little time there. Had looked into staying in New Jersey, because hotels were cheaper, but looking back, staying a couple of blocks from Times Square is the way to go. When we got tired, just walked back to hotel for a rest. Lots to eat everywhere. We found average restaurants and take out places to be very reasonably priced. I love the pulse of the city. What a great place to visit!	
Aug 28 2007 	If You Need Space Keep Looking. For Old World Charm Look No Further	Yes, the rooms are small. My &quot;Classic Room&quot; reminded me of European hotel rooms I've stayed in. If you need a lot of space, you will probably be more comfortable elsewhere. But it's small in a quaint, comfortable and charming way and if you are the type of person who would enjoy a 105-year old , unique landmark hotel with quirky touches and tons of history you can find nowhere else, I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel. Some of these unique touches include the public areas with their dark wood where Dorothy Parker and other writers and actors met daily for ten years, the New Yorker cartoon wallpaper in the hallways, and, of course, Matilda, the house cat. (Legend has it that a stray cat walked into the hotel in the 1930's and the owner took it in, and the hotel has had a house cat ever since. When it's a female, it's Matilda. Males are named Hamlet. Her birthday party is attended by celebrities and special guests and is a fundraiser for the humane society.) My room had one double, signature, and very comfortable pillow-top bed, high quality bed linens and pillows, plush bath towels, and quality wood furnishings. There was not a lot of room to walk around the foot of the bed. The bathroom was also small and a larger person might have had trouble squeezing onto the toilet which is placed very close to the wall, but the water pressure in the shower was excellent. The rooms were renovated in 2004. Paint was fresh, carpet was clean and plush, air conditioner was modern and efficient, and the windows could be opened. The small exercise room had stairmasters, stationary bicycles, treadmills, free weights, fresh fruit, spring water, etc. The staff was friendly and the bellmen were personable and welcoming. And it's right in the heart of the theater district (44th St., between 5th and 6th Ave.) In the interest of full disclosure, I should say that I am 5' 5&quot; and I got a terrific rate on this room through Priceline and, if I had been larger or had I been paying full price for this hotel I might have had other expectations, but, that said, despite the fact that I was paying about 40% less than the rack rate, the hotel treated me like a first-class guest, and, among other gestures, allowed me to check-in when I arrived three hours early and check out an hour late. I couldn't have been more pleased.	
Aug 20 2007 	We will definitely go back!	My 17 year old daughter and I stayed here for 3 nights mid-August and we LOVED it. Our room was spotless, the bed was amazingly comfortable and the bathroom was clean and quaint. We had no plumbing or air conditioning problems. I specifically was looking for a charming New York hotel that wasn't part of a giant chain, and we loved everything -including the dark, dark lobby, the quirky elevators, the extensive use of red, black and marble and of course Matilda, the resident kitty. On the contrary to the opinions of a few reviewers, we had no problem with the desk staff, porters or bellmen - all were friendly and helpful.The restaurant is definitely expensive - we never ate there. But the diner next door was a GREAT find for breakfast and the location of the hotel is also great.And yes, the room was tiny, but we had 3 drawers, 12 hangers in the closet, a suitcase rack and we thought there was lots of room in the bathroom for two toiletry cases and makeup cases.We noticed the lack of coffee machine and ice too, but there was a 24 hour variety store less than a block away and we picked up evening snacks there on the way back to the hotel every evening.We have never been to New York before, so I can't compare it to another hotel, but if you're looking for an unintimidating, cozy, nostalgic place to stay, and I repeat, we LOVED the beds, then definitely try the Algonquin.	
Aug 19 2007	Highly recommended	A great hotel if you are new to New York, easy to find and well known, Right in the centre of things - possible to walk from the hotel to all the major sites - Empire State Building (5 mins), Central Park (25 mins), Fifth Avenue shopping district (20 mins), Bryant Park (3 mins), Theatre district (5 mins) etc etc. Hotel itself is gorgeous, all dark and wooden, lots of atmosphere. Rooms are nice although small (avoid the rooms next to the gym). Cafe next door is good for cheap bites and breakfast (the breakfast and food generally in the hotel is expensive and the waiter demanded that I left him a tip and wouldn't let me go til I paid it!) . In fact, all the staff seem very very (too) eager for tips, its puts you ill at ease - hope they are being paid by the hotel!	
Aug 7 2007	Old and cramped	A persistent chiche about staying in NYC says you'll be outside enjoying the city so the size of your room doesn't really matter.Only a very inexperienced traveller can believe this to be true about New York. New York is thrilling, intense and exhausting. Eventually, during any stay, you will want to relax in your hotel room. Give your feet and ears a break.Unfortunately, the Algonquin does not deliver when it comes to rest and place to relax.The rooms are tiny... Single Room Occupancy style. There's no place in the bathroom to put your things. All of the alley noise is clearly audible indoors when the window AC is off. Relax? Lay on your bed or sit in the straight back chair. Lighting? What they have works for an interrogation. Move around the room? Make a plan first and ensure nobody else is trying to move around. The rooms are just too tiny to be useful in this modern day and age.Otherwise, the hotel is coasting on its ancient literary reputation. Aside from the rooms, the hotel is too dark, dank and drab. Elevators are a joke. Staff smashes into people without so much as a glance. Ice must be delivered to the room, but don't count on it arriving when you need it.And then the bell situation. Unfortunately, I didn't resist quick enough when a bell man took my bag to escort me upstairs. this amounted to a 10 minute question session where the bellman tried to get as much information out of me as possible. Each nugget was met with a commercial recommendation. I didn't need help.. but the man is obviously under orders to &quot;market&quot; the guests all the way up to their rooms.And coffee makers. Those little tiny machines which add so much to any trip. Not available here. When I asked the bellman.. he said they were avaialble by request and he would put one in for me. I tipped him. The coffee maker never arrived. Even after I reminded him. I guess he figures once he's deposited me in my room, marketed me and then collected his fee, his work is done. Might be done, but not forgotten.For this money.. demand something better and modern.	
Aug 2 2007 	You can do better for the money	My sister had to visit NYC on business and asked me to join her. She knows I visit NYC frequently and wanted me along to show her the town. Her company had booked her in the Algonquin because it was directly across the street from the offices where she was scheduled to teach seminars. We changed the reservation from a single to a twin and asked for an early check-in, 1 PM versus the 3 PM official check-in, and were assured they'd do their best to accommodate that. We arrived shortly after 1 PM and our room was not ready, and the front desk would only tell us that they would &quot;try&quot; to get it done earlier, but that we should not expect it before 3 PM, and that they could not even estimate when the room might be ready. Hmmm.... So we checked our bags and went out to kill two hours. We returned after 3 PM and were shown to our room. The bell staff were, by the way, excellent. The front desk staff were usually chatting with each other and acted annoyed when they were interrupted to deal with a guest.I stay in NYC, midtown, frequently. I have never seen such a tiny room for that price. There were two beds (way too soft for both our preferences, and I like a soft bed), a small night table which was already completely covered with a lamp and a phone, a very small desk, mostly occupied with promotional material and another lamp, and a tiny closet, made even tinier by the safe, telephone book, ironing board, and iron already crammed in there. Not a drawer anywhere to put anything except the one in the tiny night table, which already contained the requisite Gideon bible. There was hardly enough space around the beds to navigate without hitting a wall or furniture. And because we had to live out of our suitcases (since there was nowhere to put our things except the tiny closet), and the suitcases had to sit on luggage stands, that meant even less space. We were on the 4th floor, directly across from an office building, and the street noise (especially when they pick up the garbage late at night, every night, from the hotel's restaurants) was pretty loud.The bathroom was similarly tiny (sensing a theme here?), with a narrow shelf over the toilet already covered with the kleenex and the complementary toiletries (from some Australian company I've never heard of). Another narrow, short shelf was over the sink. That completed the bathroom storage. We've got two women here for three days. You can imagine we were thrilled there was nowhere to put any toiletries at all. Additionally, there was a dark brown, nasty something in the toilet. When we complained, politely, to the front desk, a very nice maintenance man came right up, worked on the toilet a few minutes, asked for our phone, and contacted the front desk to ask them to give us another room. Sadly, they had no other twins available, or so they said. The maintenance guy did the best he could, but the toilet was disgusting the entire stay and never flushed properly. We were never offered any discount or even an apology by the front desk for the problem.The A/C (it was extremely hot and humid in NY during our stay) was very loud. The free WiFi in the room was spotty and s-l-o-o-o-w. There was no coffee maker (besides, where would you put it?), and the free coffee in the lobby was only available up to 7 AM, at which time it promptly disappears. No coincidence that 7 AM is when their restaurant opens. Room service only provides liquor and breakfast, and that's it.The good news is the gym on the 3rd floor, which is reasonably well equipped and FREE. We used it every day. Also, Matilda, the resident kitty, is a nice touch. And housekeeping was unobtrusive and thorough. Sheets on the bed were high quality.We never ate at the restaurants, but were not very impressed by the menu choices and felt the prices were inordinately high. You can do much better with so many restaurants not far from the hotel. Red Flame is great for breakfast or other diner-type choices. Monster Sushi is a couple of blocks north, DB Moderne is two doors down (if you want to spend more), etc.Frankly, we would never stay here again. For the money, you get nicer, larger rooms, more concerned front desk staff, and many more amenities at the Muse, Michelangelo, San Carlos, Benjamin, Warwick, Doubletree, or just about anyplace else I have ever stayed midtown.	
Jul 31 2007	4 nights at the 'Algonqin'	I love New York.This hotel IS what's great about New York.It is also NOT what most people expect from a USA hotel; including US citizens.The rooms are adequate, clean and fairly small: but what the hell - if Allan J Lerner could write the lyrics of &quot;My Fair Lady&quot; here, surely I can compose a postcard on the rather nice desk.The Oak Room restaurant is very well priced for a 'destination' dining room, and I ate the best steak I've ever had there.The breakfast menu is good classic American hotel.The lobby and the Blue Bar are possibly the best places to meet a date in Manhattan.If you know, or care, who Dorothy Parker was then this hotel is for you.	
Jul 27 2007 	Thumbs Up!	We stayed at the Algonquin for five nights and after reading a few forum reports on the hotel, I was a bit nervous about what laid ahead of us.But we were pleasantly surprised by the friendliness of the staff from the room attendants to the front desk staff and bellmen.My wife is a touch fussy but she said she would have no problems staying there again and we will probably do so next summer when we will be back to NYC. You can't beat the location and the room we had was spacious and very quiet.So, in conclusion this hotel was perfect from our perspective.	
Jul 22 2007 	What a wonderful old hotel!!	My husband and I just returned from a week in NYC at the Algonquin. We LOVED this hotel from the second we walked into the gorgeous old lobby! What character this hotel has! The staff is just delightful - they go out of their way to be helpful and kind. The room was small, but all hotel rooms in NYC are small unless you're Donald Trump. The room was immaculate, as was the bathroom. The a/c worked great, shower was small but comfy and the water was nice and hot and had a good spray. The beds are amazingly comfortable!!! We were on the 7th floor on the back of the hotel so it was also quiet (no view, but we were only there to sleep). I will definitely stay there again when we go back! The location is perfect - 1/2 block from 5th Ave and just close enough to everything in Midtown to be convenient but still on a street that is quiet and peaceful. We did not order room service at all during our stay, but ate breakfast at the Red Flame just a couple of doors down the street every morning for a bargain (and it was delicious!). The first night we were there, there was a thunderstorm and we sat in that gorgeous cozy lobby and had a couple of glasses of wine and just absorbed the ambience. Lovely!!!!	
Jul 21 2007 	Tiny yet lovely	My fiance and I stayed at the Algonquin one weekend night in July on a lark, to see what it is like to be a tourist in our own city. We were greeted by Matilda, the resident &quot;rag doll&quot; cat upon our arrival and found the deluxe room tiny but charming. (In New York, one shouldn't intend to spend much time in one's room anyhow.) The halls were decorated with New Yorker cartoons and the entire hotel was full of little nooks and crannies. It reminded me of the Claridge in Buenos Aires: gracefully aged. One thing that impressed me--the rooms are entirely soundproof. We could hear nothing of the street noises below, nor of any fellow guests. Overall, the bed was a bit too soft for my liking and the view consisted of offices facing us across 44th street; however, the Algonquin Lobby served tasty breakfast and lunches and the overall ambiance is totally elegant.One tip: ignore the dining advice of the concierge; instead, walk down the street to Akdeniz Turkish Cuisine on 46th between 5th and 6th, where a delicious Prix-Fixe Dinner can be had for $19.95.	
Jul 7 2007 	Blue Bar	Didn't stay in this hotel but visited it's bar (The Blue Bar) Only one thing to say get the raspberry and chilli cosmo. Mmmmmmmmm!! Oh and some of the other cocktails are good too.	
Jun 30 2007	Quriky in New York	This is a really quirky hotel, just right for guests who hate high rise, plastic style hotels! Old world comfort, excellent staff, small but comfortable rooms, plus the hotel cat, Matilda...who even has her own website! One tip, no food available after about 11.30 pm, so if you are have a late arrival, don't expect to be fed.	
Jun 19 2007 	Nice for the Discounted Price	I got a $199/night room special at the Algonquin's website. The hotel is gloriously old fashioned and located just a few blocks east of Times Square, with a parking garage across the street. A very convenient midtown location.The hallways are narrow and the room i got was quite small (10x12') with a small bathroom (stall shower), wall mounted LCD TV, a small desk and a view of a brick wall. Definitely fine for the reasonable price but not a room to hang out in, just one to sleep, shower and launch from. A nice touch- on the first night they threw in a complimentary continental breakfast (why only one night I'll never know but it's better than none!)Two sore spots: no written info on WIFI internet was available in the room, though there was an ethernet cable in a box. Thank god I called the front desk and found out the WIFI was free but plugging in to the ethernet was $10 /day. A simple sign on the ethernet cable box would be a nice idea! Then I asked for a NY Times in the lobby and they said they only get 50/day and they run out early. Hmmm....how about ordering 75 papers then?All in all, a fine hotel for $199/night. If I had to pay more I would look elsewhere, though.	
Jun 14 2007 	UH small and pricey	Great location and clean. The main floor lobby is the place to be after work hours. Nice evening crowd having drinks and great jazz music. The staff is top notch. The room was small but comfortable - we only slept there anyway. We stayed out in city all the time.	
Jun 14 2007 	Terrible Experience	NegativesThe reception staff are a little pretentious and don’t make you feel very welcome.The rooms are tiny. We had to shuffle around the end of the bed sideways to get to the bathroom in order to avoid bumping your head on the plasma TV.The bathrooms are very dated and look grubby.The first evening we were there my 2 year old son picked up a tablet (liquid capsule) from the floor (left by another guest) and bit into it so we spent the first evening in A&amp;E. My partner checked the floor after this and we discovered old crisps, coins and thick dust under all of the furniture and bed. The hotels compensation for this was to offer us breakfast on them which I was appalled with.We were woken by the building work at the back of the hotel at 7.30am every morning.We ordered a bottle of wine one afternoon in the lobby bar. When we got the bill we were shocked by the cost as it was double what we had expected. It turned out that there were two versions of the wine and the waiter had automatically brought us the vintage bottle. We felt it was bit of a sly trick.Positive The hotel lobby is lovelyThe location is central	
Jun 12 2007 	You must be two-dimensional to be comfortable in this room!!!	We booked our room here on a discounted package through Travelzoo. The hotel has a great location - 44th St between 5th and 6th Avenues, which was convenient to Times Square, the Theatre District, and Grand Central Terminal. The hotel itself is very distinguished looking...the bellmen and concierge were great, although the front desk people really didn't seem very friendly.Our room had a king size bed - which was great! Problem was, there is only about 12&quot; clearance around the bed, which makes it very cramped. The bathroom is postage-stamp sized, and the closet is small. You have to call room service for ice, as there are no ice or soda machines available to guests.Some other things you should be aware of:1. When you get the confirmation from the hotel and it indicates a total price of $xxx.xx, don't believe it; they add $60/day for &quot;incidentals&quot; to the amount they guarantee your card for. While it's customary for hotels to swipe cards for slightly more than the actual room costs for things like long distance, etc, I thought $60/day was excessive.2. Wi-fi is free, but connectivity is nearly impossible. If you can actually GET connected, it'll cost you $9.95/day for broadband access.3. Skip the ridiculously overpriced meals and go out. Breakfast was especially very overpriced; go to the diner next door. Food was good, service was lightning quick, and very reasonable. If you're going to the theatre, Carmine's is very close by and the food is amazing. Bring a HUGE appetite, though. There are several restaurants on the same block as the hotel.4. The hotel doesn't have a shuttle service to the airport (or anywhere else), but the bellmen will be happy to arrange a car or hail a taxi for you. Expect to pay around $35 (including tip) between the hotel and LaGuardia.	
Jun 2 2007 	I was impressed	I stayed for 1 night a few weeks ago and I have to say that I was impressed with the decoration and cleaniness of my room. I got a great deal through a search engine and based on some reviews here I was expecting the worst. But on the contrary my room was superb! Flat screen TV, small but cozy room, free wi-fi and brand new bath!Location is fantastic, few blocks from Grand Central and right at midtown.If I get the same deal again I will definetly stay at Algonquin on my next visit.	
May 29 2007	Lovely hotel fab location	Just back from a short break and loved this hotel. The lobby is a great place to have a drink and relax after the sights or shopping. Rooms are not huge but bigger than I expected, with queen bed and full bathroom. The entire hotel is tastefully decorated and is a far cry from the major chains with it's personal touches. A short stroll from Times Square and easy walking distance to shops and Central Park, I'd definitely stay here again.	
May 28 2007 	History and atmosphere	I have stayed at this hotel many times. I love the location and the character of the hotel. Yes, it's not always as slick as some others, but the little touches- the New Yorker wallpaper, the witty quotes on the door of each room, the cat and the history more than make up for any little oddities. Agree with comments on the Red Flame next door- great for an inexpensive and quick breakfast. And on the other side, I had dinner at DB Moderne- very stylish and good, largely French style, food.	
May 22 2007 	PHENOMENAL	The rooms at the Algonquin are gorgeous and huge. The lobby is so cozy, and it is a short walk to Times Square. I would stay here again in a second.	
May 14 2007 	Enjoyed the Algonquin	The room was small, but clean and very comfortable. The staff was very nice, especially the bellhop and the doormen. We were disappointed that the coffeemaker that was promised to be in the room wasn't. When we asked the desk, they said they have coffeemakers that we could have, but they don't have coffee or filters to go with them. My advice, don't say it's an amenity when it isn't. They also change the time when the lobby coffee is available, so we missed out both days. I would definitely go back to stay again. Very comfortable and close to the theatres. The diner next door, The Red Flame Diner, was the perfect place for an inexpensive meal at anytime, they open at 6am and stay til midnight.	
May 12 2007 	Comfy room great restaurant fun bar	Stayed with a friend. Room was small, but extremely comfortable. Great music in bar. Lobby area is a lot of fun. Loved the &quot;resident&quot; cat.	
May 8 2007 	ok	Great location. Very small rooms; my husband and I had difficulty walking around the king size bed at the same time. Bed was very comfy though. We had trouble with the air conditioning. It kept tripping the surge protector. A maintenance person quickly answered the call but only told us to turn the protector back on; it did this all night.I feel we were paying premium for the beautiful lobby/ restaurant/ and bar area. Next time we will stay two doors down at the Sofitel.	
May 5 2007 	An Italian perspective on the Algonquin	It was our fist time in NYC and decided to stay at the Algonquin because a famous Italian writer dedicated one chapter of his &quot;I segreti di New York&quot; to Dorothy Parker, so I was curious.We stayed for 8 nights in a 2 rooms premier suite, which was rather expensive (560USD av. per night with tax), but also nice and comfortable; the only cons was the bed sofa where our 20yrs old daughter slept: it was quite tough and bumpy, so, even if her room was elegant and spacious, well equipped with fridge, huge plasma tv set and other amenities, my daughter kept complaining. My sleeping room was a bit smaller, but the queen bed was really soft, so my husband and I enjoyed it. The bathroom was a bit small too, with a small bathtub, that looked old fashioned, with a strange draining system, and of course no bidet...but you must be really lucky to find one out of Italy...LOLFor our clothes there was only a small cabinet and a medium sized piece of furniture which was nice but couldn't be defined a wardrobe, anyhow we managed to put all our things in order.The staff were really nice and kind: the doorman and the bellboys were always ready to be useful to us, so was the concierge, the receptionists were a bit hasty, but efficient. The maids kept the room well clean but they didn't refresh it in the afternoon as it happens in most luxury hotels.They even have complimentary laptops, which was great for my daughter to keep in touch with her friends in Italy, but if you really need a pc, better bring yours cause they have only one or two and they are often taken.Breakfast wasn't included in the price and it was expensive, specially since there was no buffet and anyhing you order extra the standard Continental or American breakfast they serve is added to the already high price ( 15/21 USD plus tax and tip). Nevertheless it is worth while because that Round Table room of theirs is very elegant and full of historical reminiscences, besides the waiters are fun: most of them are small and a bit fussy, strangely alike the Humpa Lumpas in the movie &quot;The chocolate factory&quot; with Johnny Depp.We didn't have dinner here because in the menu there was nothing appealing to our delicate Italian palates and couldn't have tea in the lobby in the afternoon cause they explained us that it wasn't tea time, so they didn't serve any, We were obviously struck by the beauty and charm of the wonderful Matilda, The famous Algonquin cat. She is so nice that can be caressed by any hotel guest and moves around like a real queen supervising everything. Overall we had a wondeful time in New York and enjoyed a nice stay at this hotel, so well located quiet and comfortable, the cons were minor things that didn't spoil our holiday.If I would come back? Maybe I'd rather stay in another area to have a different taste of New York , but...who knows...if Matilda invites us....	
Apr 21 2007 	Disappointing All Around	I stayed at the Algonquin while I was sitting for the New York State Bar Exam in July 2006, despite the fact that I lived around the corner in Murray Hill. My reasoning was that I needed to be pampered and relaxed during this incredibly stressful 2-day exam - something that was unlikely to happen in my cramped &amp; noisy studio on Lexington Avenue. I chose the Algonquin because of its rich literary history, the lovely ambiance, and the wonderful experiences I had previously enjoyed in the bar/restaurant of the hotel.I checked in the evening before the exam, and was shown to a decrepit room with peeling wallpaper and stained carpeting - the room was also very noisy, despite my request for a room in the back of the hotel. I saw another queen deluxe room across the hall being cleaned, and when I called the front desk to ask if I could be moved into that room, the woman condescendingly replied that it was not in &quot;my price range&quot; since I had booked through Priceline - despite the fact that it was an identical Queen deluxe room - and that New York is a noisy city (I should know I've lived here for 8 years). She also stated that the hotel was booked up &amp; I would have to stay in the room. Eventually, several phone calls later, and after requesting to speak to her supervisor, I was moved to a more acceptable room - obviously, the hotel was not in fact booked up.I had planned on staying an extra evening after the Bar exam to relax and recuperate, but based on my unpleasant experience, I chose to check out immediately after the bar exam.Upon approaching the valet to request my luggage (which I had left on the final morning of the exam), I was ignored while he chit-chatted with another worker. Another woman who had just taken the Bar was also with me, waiting for her luggage. The valet told us something along the lines of &quot;you girls will just have to wait.&quot; Girls?Unbelievable. The worst part was that I wrote a letter to the manager of the hotel, detailing my experience, and never received a response. I am thoroughly disappointed by this incredibly unpleasant experience during an already stressful time in my life. No thanks to the Algonquin, I passed the Bar, and will never recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Mar 27 2007	Good for the price	Just got back from the Algonquin. Chose this hotel for location and price. Travelzoo had a great rate of 179 with continental breakfast. We were worried about the construction next door as mentioned in recent reviews. When we arrived the woman at the desk asked if we minded waiting a few moments because she wanted to put us in a front room to avoid the noise from the construction. We did not mention anything first to her and never heard noise, except in the dining room in the morning. Everyone was very nice at the reception area. The lobby is vintage looking and my husband felt it to be depressing and dark. (It has been renovated to look this way) I liked the vintage charm. The room was pretty small and I actually had some difficulty putting my cosmetics out in the bathroom, however, everything was new and very comfortable. The bed and linens were very good. The location is fabulous. I would definitely stay here again at this rate, not sure if it was a lot higher.	
Mar 24 2007	Blue Room Bar	The Blue Room bar has been a staple of our trips to NYC. Living in Philadelphia, we can go up on a whim. The eccentric waiters in the Blue Room bar have always been part of the charm. I was...validated...is that the word?... to read a recent review, where the customer said the Blue Room bar service is terrible and the waiters congregate around the bar and talk to each other. This is true.BUT, the drinks are great (even at $15 a pop for a Signature Cocktail), and the free snacks are fresh. Long live Matilda!Cheers,QOTD	
Mar 23 2007 	Home Away From Home	My husband and I had a getaway to New York just after Christmas. We booked a room at the Algonquin by calling them directly. I felt uncomfortable doing it over the internet. I told the agent I spoke with about the special internet price I had seen, and he honored this price. We had absolutely no trouble checking in and getting up to our room, with excellent service. The rooms are small, but this is New York, and all the rooms are small. It was just really cozy, and all that we needed. We had comfortable beds with down comfortersand plenty of soft and fluffy pillows. We had a lovely stand in shower, with plenty of wonderful hot water. Just being at the Algonquin was very exciting, with all the dinner shows that go on, and the lounge is always buzzing with activity. The location couldn't be better, walking distance to just about everything, very close to shows, Times Square, and the New York Public Library, of historical fame. The breakfast served in the lobby was truly delicious, but ws $60 with tip, just for two people. During the rest of our trip, we at breakfast at the cute diner next door, the Red Flame, which was pefect for us. Each morning we got up before dawn to start our day of sight seeing, and the fresh food and hot coffee next door really hit the spot. If you go to New York, stay at the Algonquin by all means!!!!!	
Mar 21 2007 	Disappointing	A stay at the Algonquin was something I had always dreamed of, being a Dorothy Parker fan, and I love the fact that the hotel has a resident cat (Matilda). We arrived at the hotel mid afternoon, after an 8 hour flight from the UK (so were pretty jetlagged, and our bodies thought it was late evening). There was an awful noise and vibrating as there was construction work on a building behind the hotel. The receptionist assured us that it would stop at 6pm (but then confessed it started at 7am). The following day was my birthday so it was disheartening to think I would be woken up in such an unpleasant way! The noise was not the fault of the hotel, so we decided to try and make the best of it. Our room was small and very noisy. We went down to the bar around 5pm to have some tea (it was way too noisy to have room service). The bar manager was sniffy and said &quot;we aren't serving tea&quot;. We actually brought our own tea bags, so all we wanted was hot water and milk. I explained we were guests and that it was impossible to relax upstairs in the room. He begrudgingly let us sit in the dining area (but said &quot;I have to charge you for tea even if you use your own tea bags...&quot; GEE THANKS..) The noise stopped at 6pm which was bliss. The next morning, it started up again at 7am so we ordered tea and toast from room service. This ended up costing nearly $40 which is outrageous. We had a booking to stay at the Algonquin again 2 days later, which we cancelled when we checked out, due to the noise. If the hotel had offered us a discount as compensation for the disturbance, perhaps we would have decided to stay there for the 2nd night, but they weren't interested. This experience has spoiled the whole concept of the Algonquin for me.	
Mar 19 2007 	55+ Clientele Neo-Con Newspaper Rude Concierge at Algonquin	I also took advantage of the Winter/2007 $179 TravelZoo promotion and wish I hadn't. I switched to another hotel that charges over twice nightly what I paid for one night at the Algonquin, and was glad I did. All that the Algonquin has going for it comes from the hotel's historical legacies -- the renovated architecture, the legends of the Round Table and the wonderful gentlemen who run their bell service. This is a unique and special hotel offering unmatched by other hotels in NYC and indeed the U.S. Unfortunately, the current owners have packaged this incredible American historical venue with a theme park mentality instead of with the subtlety and taste that their previous literary clientele enjoyed at the hotel in its earlier years. Thanks to the historical sensitivity of new owners in the 1980's who did the hotel’s first major renovations, much of the hotel's architecture and style has been restored to period and remains intact and beautiful. However the current owners have reduced the cosmetic decor to a caricature of the history by putting up wallpaper with &quot;New Yorker&quot; cartoons. Also the white paint in the rooms, instead of the former richly colored Edwardian wallpaper, mars any sense of the period of the hotel's glory days. The rooms are so small and dated that their charm and appeal only comes from their history, so this aspect has been damaged -- although it could be reversed with new wallpaper. The life of the hotel emanates from the legendary bellstaff, some who have been with the hotel for decades. They are the best in NYC because of their personalities. Outside of the friendly and wonderful doorman (wonderful, authentic smile), the accomodating bellstaff, the courteous front desk, and excellent housekeeping, the rest of the service is dicey. The hostesses and waitstaff in the lobby area were inattentive and patronizing. As other reviewers have noted, there's age discrimination at play in this hotel. The restaurant staff seemed to focus on the late middle-aged men. I don't know if the management is intentionally marketing this hotel to an ultraconservative 55/60+crowd who like to drink a lot of alcohol. ANYC friend who came by to see the lobby for nolstagic reasons (his last visit had been when his father brought him to the Algonquin 20 years ago when he was 16) confirmed this sense I had about the odd political atmosphere of the hotel. We're both traditional and politically moderate ourselves. A mainstream media executive very familiar with the NYC media scene, my friend confirmed that the free neo-conservative, rightist newspaper offered in the Algonquin lobby &quot;The Sun&quot; indeed takes a well-known adversarial stance to the paper that he used to work for, &quot;The New York Times.&quot; We thought the discrepancy between touting the hotel's legacy of its association with the liberal &quot;New Yorker,' which the hotel provides, but hides in a drawer in the room, was rather creepy. Also, if you're in your thirties or even forties,health-conscious, and family-values oriented, you might feel out-of-place. Much of the lobby crowd were later middle-aged people who were intoxicated. A man and woman at the table next to us made very loud and drunken in off-color remarks that were not witty like those of the Round Table Literary group, but instead vulgar and offensive. We concluded that this is not a place to have dinner with children or teenagers, or for those who prefer proper decorum. The concierge I encountered in March 2007 was rude, incompetent, and coarse. She represented the opposite of the legendary Algonquin service and manners. She obviously did not want to help with directions. The rooms and bathrooms are miniscule compared to other hotels of comparable price in NYC. All that this hotel has to offer on a competitive basis is its history and aspirations to the legendary service it touts. The management really needs to rethink its full utilization of the hotel's history -- changing its approach from exploitation to respect. And they need to retrain the hotel's waitstaff and find a new concierge.This is a three-star hotel that is best suited to an older neo-con crowd that likes to drink; writers who are drawn to the history and don't mind the chasm between the hotel's past liberal literary glory days and its present; and people who don't mind the well-worn rooms and problems because they got a promotional &quot;bargain.&quot; The rooms are not worth the full price -- there's much better in the vicinity.Although I was drawn to the hotel's literary history, in the end the cons outweighed the pros. I switched to a hotel in the area that was in the same (non-promotional) price range but was truly luxurious (4-diamond), with a staff with consistent good manners.There's a reason for the wildly varying opinions at Trip Advisor. Recommend reading them carefully to see if you fall into the kind of category that fits with this hotel. It's NOT for everyone.  At the same time, I hope the management gets their act together, removes &quot;The Sun&quot; from their lobby, and revives some of the past consistent greatness of the Algonquin, which is still alive there, in the friendly and wonderful personalities of the gentlemen at the door and bellservice. I wish them the best because they deserve it. They make the hotel along with the architecture and history. I'll return if the management acquires the consistent chops and clear and apolitical (politics don't belong in a hotel that markets to the general public) tone like the hotel lounge's great jazz singers demonstrate.	
Mar 18 2007 	Eardrum shattering noise	This is a very nice, expensive hotel in a great location. However, when we checked in, the person at the front desk told us there would be a 'chiseling' noise from construction outside until 6 PM. What he didn't tell us is that this would be very, very loud noise from a jackhammer that made staying in the room intolerable until 6 PM. Furthermore, he didn't tell us that the noise would begin again at 7 AM! For $380 a night this is totally not acceptable. I complained to the booking agent at the hotel and sent an email to the manager through the hotel website, but received no response.	
Mar 12 2007 	My favorite place to stay in NYC	Thanks to a special on travelzoo.com, I decided to head up to NYC for a weekend in march and stay at the Algonquin. It's not hip or fashionable, but it has a familiar, old charm and cosiness that I have not found anywhere else in Manhattan. I love the comfy lobby and bar area, and the rooms, though not large, have all the amenities I need. They are also quiet, even thought the location is in midtown Manhattan, easy walking distance from scores of restaurants and popular tourist detinations. I never eat at this hotel, by the way -- as noted by many other travelers the food is nothing special-- but with so many great options within a few blocks radius, that doesn't bother me. I would prefer a coffee machine to the martini shaker in my room, but it's all part of the ambience. The New Yorker themed wall paper and ancient resident cat -- Matilda -- also add to the experience.	
Mar 8 2007 	Excellent hotel close to everything	We just spent a long weekend at the Algonquin Hotel and it was in the perfect location. Times Square and the theaters are about a block away. A lot of the sights we wanted to visit were within walking distance or a quick metro ride away. Compared to most NY hotel rooms it was rather spacious. The hotel room did not come with a refrigerator and we had to call room service just for ice. We did not eat in the hotel restaurant or drink at the bar but both looked rather posh.	
Mar 5 2007 	Matilda rules	My friend Penny mentioned that the Algonquin had a great cocktail bar, so I decided to take a look at the hotel, never imagining that it would meet our budget (£100 per night for two) but they had a great price offer for our late Feb visit. The public rooms are fabulous - a little bit of New York literary history. We loved the wallpaper (in the hallways) with NY Times cartoons. We were warned that the rooms would be small but our twin room was normal size for Europeans, and well furnished and well equipped. Very comfortable beds and a good flat screen tv/The Oak Room was closed on the two nights we were there, and we think they missed an opportunity to do something special on Oscar night (but New York generally seemed less than interested in the Oscars, are they jealous that LA is focus for the night?). The Blue Room is a famous cocktail bar - you should definitely go in for one, but then go and find somewhere more interesting, with better service, for the next one. The lobby has much more atmosphere. Bar food not recommended - we were tired after our flight for London so we ate in the bar, but you wouldn't have to go too far to get better food and better price as the location is so good.And if you do decide to check in, do say hello to Matilda, the Algonquin cat. She even has her own business card!	
Feb 25 2007	Noisy!!	Just returned from a one night stay at the Algonquin. The history of the hotel makes it worth a visit, but don't expect much more. There is a hotel being built right behind it and the noise from the construction equipment digging all day long is enough to drive you crazy. The rooms are small, but sweetly decorated, The plumbing as you might imagine is very old and the fixtures are meant to give that &quot;old fashioned&quot; look, There is no luxury to the bathroom at all. The bed was super comfortable and the linens were great quality. The elevators were painfully slow and cramped. You must posess patience to stay here. The location however is excellent, close to all. If you catch a great deal and won't be in the room too too much, then try the Algonquin.	
Feb 17 2007	Cheery homey all that we wished for	This was our first real visit to New York City. The first thing the venerable Algonquin has is: Location.And then there's location. Really. We were able to speedwalk after running late to make it to our chosen play (Spamalot - see it, it's great). At the end of each sight seeing day, there were great restaurants, more to do, things to see, Times Square - and the ever-welcoming bellman and front desk staff. They really did recognize us, coming and going, our cab was waiting almost before we were out the door. I think we waited, once, for about 40 seconds for a cab. There's even an actual breakfast cafe very close to the hotel. There are excellent carryout deli-style places on 5th and 6th, a little further of a walk than we Californians are used to, but the entire area is so safe, and you catch glimpses of the Empire State Building as you proceed - it's perfect.So many things are truly within walking distance.We were checked in quickly, the staff was friendly but not intrusive. We loved Mathilda, the cat, really helped make us feel at home. The lobby attracts tourists, business people, and people in town to meet friends - all of them well dressed but not trendy, a mix of sophistication and hominess there, too. Our room was small, as we expected, but not as small as some in New York. It lacked the window seat that you see in their stock photo - and that extra 10 sf or so that is in that picture. It didn't matter. We looked out onto the backside of some office building - we could watch these fellows dealing on the phones all day long - or not. Our air conditioning worked great, was quiet. We were on the backside of the hotel, obviously - but it was very quiet and I'm a very light sleeper. The closet was adequate, I was surprised. The desk was very close to the bed, but that was okay - and it was ample to use as a dressing table. There were a couple of extra electrical outlets, we didn't have to struggle over that. Internet worked greated.I loved the little bathroom - shiny Art Deco style porcelain fixture (brand new Kohler), great faucets, beautiful shelving, great shower, soaking tub was spotless and filled quickly with really hot water. Subway tile, a tiny window - but good light.TV was in an armoire inset into the wall, perfectly sized from our point of view (who watches TV in NYC anyway?) The halls are papered with New Yorker cartoons, I'm a great fan of Dorothy Parker and the New Yorker, so if I was bored or having insomnia, I wandered around and read the cartoons. The suites looked fab., wished we could have had one.Room service was fine - one time they forgot our morning coffee and we had to call a couple of times (it was expensive to get a small pot, but there's no Starbucks or coffee stand close by - and no coffee service in the rooms, which I totally understand - I don't really like making my own in-room coffee anyway). The coffee was great and we splurged on lox several times too (not too expensive, compared to the coffee). The time they brought the coffee late they were very apologetic.All recommendations about dining made by the staff were great - although we soon discovered that over on 46th Street there were a series of great Brazilian (and some Cuban) restaurants - with such varied menus and great service that we kept going back. We walked to the guitar stores, we walked through the jewelry mart, we bought rare (to us) sheet music, all on the way to dinner. Ah, it was fun. We never worried about whether we'd get to the airport on time - we knew they'd have a cab for us, and somehow, having the doorman check out the cabby and tell him our destination each time made me feel secure.Not that I ever felt really insecure in that neighborhood, day or night. It's three short blocks from Grand Central (and a couple short blocks more to the Waldorf, if you want true grandiosity). We smiled (laughed) at the people ensconced in the relative sterility of the Harvard Club, just down the block, wondered why so many people stayed at the Royalton across the street (bigger, more modern), and thought the Iroquois was very similar in looks, but perhaps not in service, to our Algonquin.We're planning another trip and we'd of course like to have variety in our life - but the Algonquin was so cool, we are having a hard time thinking about staying anywhere else. We loved walking to Bryant Park, and we never even made it through the doors of the NY Public Library - one block away. We went to the Bryant Park Hotel for cocktails - if you want clubbing and hiphoppers (P Diddy was there in the private room - with layers of bouncers too) that's just two blocks away. The furnishings throughout the hotel are of a type that appeals to me - warm colors, cozy, and you don't feel afraid to touch or move around. We visited several other hotels, just for fun (or to get a break from some unseasonable heat) - but none of them felt like home, like the Algonquin did, from the minute we got there.Are there downsides? Well, we thought next time we'd take an extra piece of luggage to hold bottled water, a couple of bottles of wine, some snacks - there's no place really close by to buy those things. There's no in-room fridge, and we can't now remember if there was an ice machine at all - there must have been, but not on our floor. The hotel-provided shampoos etc. are great.	
Feb 11 2007 	old style charm	Excellent hotel not cheap but well worth the money.Rooms small but functional and as described Remember this is an old property.Staff friendly efficient and nothing too much troubleMatilda the cat keeps an eye on the comings and goings at the front desk.I think she is really the one in charge	
Feb 11 2007 	Small Treasure The Algonquin	Found this hotel on Expedia. Always stayed at the Penninsula or Ritz but needed more room at a reasonable rate. Needed space for 3 adults. Booked a suite for 2 nights. Loved it. Hot apple cider and staff eager to assist in all requests. Taxis easy to get any time of day. Fifth Avenue shopping within walking distance. Great cocktail lounge. Affordable, timely room service. Small, treasure. Will never stay anywhere else when in NYC.	
Jan 27 2007 	Algonquin Hotel is a Dump	The Algonquin Hotel bills itself as the oldest operating hotel in New York City, and is surely appears that it is.Firstly, they claimed on their website that they had done renovations to the hotel, which from what I could tell only including slapping up plasma TVs on the walls and calling it a day. The rooms are abominable-dirty furniture, 19th century plumbing and ancient, broken climate controls.Secondly, the charm of this &quot;luxury&quot; hotel lies with the &quot;Algonquin round table&quot; where legendary authors gathered and talked literature. This &quot;round table&quot; room has possibly the most dreadful food I have experienced in New York. The french onion soup was burnt and the hamburger raw.Thirdly, the mystic of the hotel lies with it's purported impeccable service. Well apparently, service involves a collection of untrained pseudoadolescents who apparently have been mistaken for hotel management/workers. The young girl who greeted me on arrival couldn't find my reservation and then proceeded to ask me if I was actually at the right hotel. Considering I had arrived late-(don't make that mistake-you will end up in one their unsued rooms that they keep for emergencies-translate &quot;unused&quot; as dirty and in poor repair) and had called ahead to let the hotel know, I was very concerned that this smarmy prepubescent couldn't find my reservation. Fourthly, when I called repeatedly (three times in one night) to report the complete disrepair of the air conditioning/climate control, I was told that this was my fault-apparently allowing guests to control their own climate control is unacceptable-and that the unit was frozen up and could not be repaired. Yet, this brought no rectification of the matter. I then attempted to open the windows in the room and was reprimanded by staff that this was not allowed.I left as soon as I could and booked another hotel on the same street. Interestingly, after I submitted a dispute for the charges from the Algonquin to my credit card, the Algonquin Hotel offered me two free nights in one of their suites. My response, as the old saying goes, &quot;I wouldn't stay there if they paid me&quot;.	
Jan 25 2007 	Fabulous Experience	We stayed at the Algonquin Hotel in November - it is expensive but it was amazing. The History and feel of the place make it really worthwhile. It is a bit of a treat, the restaurant was expensive and a little uninspiring - but the hotel makes up for it. Cocktails in the Blue Room were an experience to remember. The staff were lovely and could not have been more helpful. We would definately go back.	
Jan 12 2007 	Beautiful but slow and boring	The hotel is in marvelous condition. The lobbies are lush with red carpets and furniture in dark wood. The hallways have the famous New Yoker wallpaper which is very cool as well. The rooms though are small and ordinary. The overall feeling of the property is cozy but the service is frigid. The front desk and doorman did their jobs but without much personality which is fine because they were efficient. The waitstaff however were terrible. Not only were they cold, they were slow . The food and drink in the restaurant and bar is expensive, especially considering the rotten service. The neighborhood is good if you are planning on being in Times Square or doing theater stuff but other than that it's pointless to stay up here.	
Jan 11 2007 	Good but Expensive	We booked to stay in the Algonquin as a special treat over the new year break and in general that is what we got however we experienced a series of incidents that one does not really expect at this type and class of hotel, especially when your paying a high premium to stay there.The hotel itself is a jewel of art deco architecture, and the suite we stayed in was excellent. Well furnished clean, good facilities, comfortable beds, and remarkably quiet since we were two blocks from times square and broadway. The little niggles started however as soon as we arrived, having to wait nearly two hours for our room to made ready was not good, although it did let us try the hotels Blue Boar bar which served excellent hamburgers and drinks. For our wait we were compensated with a free bottle of water.After a great night the next day we had more niggles arriving back mid afternoon to find the room still not serviced which is not what I would expect from a hotel of this prestige, I can only put it down to it being the holiday period and staff shortages. The worst happened in the evening where well in advance my partner had booked a meal in the hotels famed Oak room cabaret bar. Having dressed up in our best we were informed that no table was booked for us and there was no record of our booking despite my partner having a confirming phone call the day before. We were offered a table at a later sitting but decide not to take up the offer, instead we at in the hotels main restaurant which presented excellently cooked food.Overall our experience was good, but once again little niggles stopped it from being the perfect New York experience.	
Dec 28 2006 	Good hotel in great location	I stayed at the Algonquin on a short-break three night stay just before Thanksgiving.I booked the hotel on the basis of previous reviews from Tripadvisor visitors, the location and what I felt to be a value for money price...and I'm pleased to say that I wasn't disappointed and everything met my expectations.The location was perfect - just a couple of blocks and 10 mins walk from Times Square and a five minute walk to 5th Avenue.The hotel was great...and although I'm typically a low maintenance sort of visitor with very little call for help / service from hotel staff, the service I did receive was good. Check-in was quick, smooth and friendly, and although we arrived quite early, a room was available for us straight away.Similarly check-out was easy and quick and the service for looking after our luggage for the day was as required.The bedroom and bathroom were both an OK size, clean, tidy and everything worked as it should.All in all a good hotel at a good price in a great location.Would I recommend it to other people? - YesWould I stay there again? - Yes	
Dec 19 2006 	Lax room service	We went to NYC for our annual shopping/show weekend before Christmas and decided to stay at the Algonquin. Everything about the hotel was certainly first class except the room service!Be forewarned, room service only operated from 7 am until 11 pm. so if you go to a show and might like coffee and a little something afterwards, do it before you get back to the hotel, because room service is closed at 11 p.m. They wouldn't even bring up a bucket of ice. We were told that if we wanted ice, we could go down to the lobby and get it....imagine that!Also, if your flight is an early one, don't depend on the Algonquin for coffee before you leave...no room service until 7am. They have complimentary coffee in the lobby, but I have to drink decaf and there was none and I was told that the regular coffee was just horrible!Anyway, other than those room service issues, the stay was just fine. Might try somewhere else next year, though.	
Dec 15 2006 	Fair value!!	We stayed here from dec9 til dec13 2006 and here is our experience:We stayed in a a premier suite, for an average price of 500$ per night. The suite was quite big, bedroom separated from living room. The bed was very comfortable, the bathroom was very clean and large enough and the living room has 1 large couch, and 2 others seats. The room included 2 flat screen tvs, with hbo. Staff was very friendly and very helpful (if needed). Location of the hotel is very convenient for a tourist visit to nyc.Relative to others hotels of this category in nyc, this one is fairly priced and maybe a notch better located than some others. We would warmly recommend this one or stay here again.	
Dec 1 2006 	Had a fab time at the Algonquin	We have just come back from 5 nights at the Algonquin and loved it so much we can't wait to go back. We had a suite for myself and my husband and my two sons. It was two rooms of a more than adequate size not small and pokey like people lead you to believe hotel rooms in New York are. My sons slept on the bed settee in the living room which was as big as a double bed. The beds really are fabulously comfortable. The staff are very friendly especially the doorman and porter. The hotel cat Matilda is a novelty if you like cats! We didn't eat there as preferred to go out to local deli for breakfast however the restaurant and bar looked fab. I would highly recommend it and I'm definitely going back. The hotel is in the best position, easy to walk to the Theatre district and two minutes from 5th Avenue.	
Nov 27 2006	Thanksgiving in New York	My daughter booked the hotel so we could spend a week viewing the sights of New York and do some serious shopping. It is quite unique in that it has character, is comfortable and staff were all friendly, although we were a bit unsure about tips, which we were told on the first morning at breakfast were compulsory. The lounge is an ideal area to return to after a busy day and the Thanksgiving meal was more than we could possibly eat. Got to be recommended is the Red Flame restaurant next door - where we ate every day - it is very popular and the food brilliant. Only downside of the hotel is not having coffee or tea facilities in bedroom. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone coming to New York - we were not disappointed.	
Nov 21 2006 	Just loved every moment	I spent a long time looking for somehwere to stay for our first trip to NYC and i have to say we were not disappointed with the Algonquin. The suite was just fantastic with all mod cons and huge flat screen tvs in both the bedroom and the lounge. The blue bar was a lovely place for a nightcap after a long night out and the lounge itself was just like stepping back in time. My partner loved the hotel cat and the staff were courteous and helpful at all times especially when i needed some practical advise about a mistake i had made with my luggage at the airport. I do not believe when we return to NYC that we would go anywhere else as it now holds treaured memories for both of us. Oh and you must have breakfast in The Red Flame next door, a real NYC diner on the doorstep as well as the rest of the city being there too..We are definitely coming back!	
Nov 20 2006 	My Favorite New York Hotel	The Algonquin isn't perfect, but I love this place. I stay here whenever I'm in New York and I'm always happy that I did, although it is NOT CHEAP. The staff is friendly and helpful and it's small and intimate rather than huge and corporate. (There's even a lovely hotel cat...) The location is ideal --an easy walk to the theatres and to MOMA. The decor is self-consciously historical, with endless references to its 1920s Round Table heyday -- including the New Yorker cartoon-themed wall paper in the hallways and the large portrait of Benchly, Parker, Wolcott&amp; crew in the dining room. Overall, the tone is classic rather than contemporary (plenty of wood and very little plastic) although there are the modern amenities you expect at this price range -- internet access and flat screen televisions. The rooms are lovely (high ceilings with moldings) and immaculate and the beds are INCREDIBLY COMFORTABLE. There's a lovely knitted wool blanket at the foot of each.. (The views aren't much to speak of, but the window treatments are lovely.) Actually the rooms are so pleasant it's tempting to spend a lot of time loafing around the room. Each room has character and good art on the walls, a wood desk and lamps with good reading light. And very comfy plush terry cloth robes are provided for your loafing pleasure. The water is always hot enough and the water pressure is always terrific. What the Algonquin lacks is coffee and ice. There is NO ICE in the room and none available unless you phone the desk and ask for it to be brought to the room. This is silly and inconvenient. Even worse, for me, there is NO MORNING COFFEE AVAILABLE unless, again, you want to pay a fortune to get a small (for me) pot brought up to your room. There should be either in-the-room coffee makers or complimentary coffee in the lobby in the morning. Or both! (There are two Starbucks within a few blocks. and the restaurant next door, The Red Flame, is a good place to get a reasonably priced and more than adequate breakfast.) Other observations: Check in is always a breeze. I always request early check in and so far a room has always been available when I get there at mid day. Some rooms are quieter than others and some rooms are smaller than others. There are NO KING SIZE BEDS. Only twins and queens. The lobby/bar is TO DIE FOR. A great atmospheric place for a nightcap. (although often noisy with the babble of many happy drinkers socializing.) Very pricey but delicious drinks and the on-the-table munchies are addictively delicious.. On my last stay, the room -- Room 416 -- was lovely but TINY (and noisy -- there was a constant blowing sound from what I guess was a neighboring building's exhaust system, as well as the occasional whistle of the doorman summoning a taxi) (my advice: ask for a higher floor) and the bathroom was even smaller (If I weren't slim, I wouldn't have been able to fit into the shower.) The room was chilly and the heater didn't work. The front desk was very responsive -- they sent up two different engineers within moments to try to fix the problem and then, when they couldn't fix it, offered me another room or the use of a space heater. Because I needed two beds, and no other two bed room was available, I went with the space heater.) Making a two minute long distance call from the room cost me $10! There is a special writer's discount available for some dates -- ask when you make your reservation if you are a writer.	
Nov 16 2006	History at a cost!!!!	Famous hotel with less than professional standards. Cell phone was missing/stolen from room during our stay. Reported upon leaving, two days later, management had &quot;NO RECORD&quot;. Four weeks later after several phone conversations to the hotel to determine what had been done and requesting an insurance claim be placed, they said they would take care of it. I was never contacted again. Room cost over $300 and the curtains were filthy, rug tattered. History at a cost!!!	
Oct 26 2006 	Small rooms great service	My husband and I just got back from a 1 night impromptu stay at the Algonquin. We try to get into NYC a few times a year for a quick overnight, and always get great deals on Priceline. For some reason, there were no deals to be had at this time. We paid full price for a room, which is a first for us, but we had a babysitter lined up and we weren't going to pass this chance up! The rooms, as warned, are very small.....however, they are very clean and tastefully done. The ceilings are real high, so you don't feel like you are boxed in. The location is great. What really turned me on to the place was the excellent service. We were able to check in early when we arrived. The front desk, doormen, and bell hops were so nice and helpful. One of the best perks was that when we got back to the hotel from dinner on Saturday night, it felt too late to trek out to another place. I was so happy to find a nice cozy couch in the lobby lounge and have a few drinks before we turned in. It was perfect. I would definetely stay there again.	
Oct 25 2006 	Wonderful experience	We stayed at the Algonquin after much searching on the internet, it was our first visit to New york, Our first requirement was a hotel centrally located for all the sights and also very important to us was the welcome we were given by the staff of the Hotel. We live and work in the hotel trade ourselves and know how important this can be. We arrived after a long flight and were shown to our room by a wonderful porter who took time to give us advice about the surrounding area as well as the facilities which were offfered at the Hotel. At this point could I mention a wonderful person called Johnson who prior to arrival I had contacted to ensure that our two boys had a room close to ours, he not only arranged this but also we were upgraded and more importantly he had left a message of welcome on the telephone as he was off duty when we arrvied (above and beyond the call of duty, but very much appreciated, Thank you) We had drinks and food in the lobby that evening due to the lateness of our arrival and found all of the staff extremely helpful and pleasant. The rooms were spacious and comfortable, we had not expected so much room as everyone advised that New York rooms are on the small side, not in our experience at The Algonquin. Also it was ideally situated for all of the main sights, Times Square, Central Park, Rockafella Centre, Grand Central Station and the Empire State building also all of the shops, we walked every where, even back from the financial district one afternoon, we were feeling energetic. I would love to go back to New York and staying at the Algonquin would be the bonus. Oh yes and the beds are far too comfortable!!	
Oct 25 2006 	Building site!	Having read reviews on here my wife and I headed for NY ( Our 3rd visit ) in high spirits , this continued after we checked in right up to opening the room door! BUILDING SITE ALERT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ALL ROOMS ON THE BACK OF HOTEL ARE FACED WITH MASSIVE BUILDING SITE WORKING 7AM TIL 6 !!!!!!!!!!!! No this wasn't mentioned at all on the website of the algonquin /expedia or even in any chats with staff there prior to our stay . They are basically keeping quiet about it until the work is done.We complained threatened to go elsewhere and got moved to a &quot;quieter&quot; room , over an air con vent and looking at a dilapidated office block. Having stayed in the Sofitel and Iroquois before this was a huge let down , it cam across as pretentious and over rated . The lobby is nice but Agatha Christie like , dated and again very stuffy . Not NY , its for people who like to pretend they are something they are not.My advice stay in the Sofitel its £50 per night more on av but worth it!	
Oct 16 2006 	look elswhere	Just back from two nights at this property. Booked a suite - it was a smoking room(s) - We had booked no smoking, when I called the Front, they first offered to send up a ionizing machine -didn't think that would work on the infused drapes and linens so I iinsisted on a non-smoking room - They finally complied, with &quot;the last non-smoking room&quot; available. Not the kind of dog and pony show you would expect at this level.The 'Thurber Suite' $504 per night has a view of an air shaft and a crane doing a demolition job.We had a departing flight from Newark early Sunday so we were to meet our car at 7AM - you cannot get coffee/room service prior to 7AM and there is no coffee maker provided in the rooms. When I mentioned our situation to the bellman he said they could provide us with a coffee pot for the room. The front desk told my wife - No... Over the past twenty years of travel to NYC this is by far, the worst property we have stayed in - It is tired, dull and way past its prime.If you are looking for a 'close to theatre' hotel, try elsewhere.	
Oct 1 2006 	Good atmosphere - won't search for another hotel in NYC	Nice atmosphere, good and personal service. The room was more than satisfactory considering the price level - clean, nicely fitted out etc. Beautiful 'old style' decoration and a homely atmosphere, including Matilda, the hotel cat. Certainly more value for money than similar priced NYC hotels I've stayed at.	
Sep 6 2006 	This hotel is a treasure	We just got back from the Algonquin, having spent Labor Day weekend there. It's a wonderful old hotel with a great location and staff. We stayed in a roomy suite which is great for families as the sofa folds out. The bathroom was great with a deep soaking tub and top notch toiletries. The best: location for theater (just close enough), is beutifully kept, charm to spare and we loved entering the lobby and being greeted by the friendly resident feline. If you prefer modern, stay away, but if you want to experience old style NY class, this is your place.	
Aug 31 2006 	What great service	Myself and my partner celebrated our engagement there last year.As a seasoned business &amp; leisure traveller - attention to service is something that I'm very pernickety about, and the Algonquin exceeded in all areas, from the moment we arrived until the moment we left.After staying in other 'old style' boutique hotels that have gone the way of the 'pile em high sell em cheap' and give them any old service - it was refreshing to be treated as a valued customer.Levels of courtesy, and just general hel were exemplary, I love the old mismatced chairs in the foyer, loved the old dark bar .... and when we there we had some jazz pianist who was quite superb.It's in a great location - and no matter what time we got back from our numerous shopping trips we always got help back into our room!Highly recommended.	
Aug 26 2006 	Very Convenient Hotel	I just completed a two night stay at this lovely hotel. I loved the historic but yet very tidy nature of the hotel. Most everything was in great condition and very clean. The lobby and lounge area are just beautiful. The compact nature of the hotel makes it easy to come and go very efficiently. The rooms are small by midwest standards but that was not a problem for me. I wasn't spending much time in the room and I was by myself. Two small or moderate sized people could share a room without feeling too cramped. The bathrooms are quite small but again that was not a problem for me. There was no tub, just a stand up shower. The bathroom had the old honeycomb style floor and was updated in historic style. The shower floor appears to be the only thing that has not been updated, it was quite worn but that did not detract from my stay. The furniture and decor in the room were very nice. If you a light sleeper,in terms of needing complete darkness, the room I stayed in and perhaps others may not be right for you. The window treatments were white fabric blinds that were pretty sheer in terms of letting light in and there were no curtains that you could close. The curtains were only decorative to cover the outline of the window. At night the streetlights showed through the blinds and lit up the very small room to the point I had trouble getting to sleep. It would be better if they had a curtain you could unhook and pull over to cover the blinds. The hotel staff were very cordial. Breakfast is expensive at the hotel. For a bowl of cream of wheat, a glass of milk, and two pieces of thick frend toast, the cost was about $30 with tip. There is a nice diner next door where you can grab breakfast for much less. Au Bon Pain is a few blocks away toward Grand Central Station, that is a very reasonable place to get breakfast or lunch. The hotel is convenient to nearly everything in midtown and very convenient to the subways and Grand Central Station. I highly recommend it for folks that want easy access to their hotel room throughout the day to take a nap or just rest a while. I also highly recommend it for the elderly. The fact the rooms are so compact makes it less tiring to get from place to place in the room. It's also a short cab ride to the theatres for those that can't walk several blocks. The lounge area is also great for adults to hang out and have some great conversation or read the New York Times. It's a very calming and relaxing atmosphere. A great escape from the mania in Times Square. I would definitely return to this hotel again.	
Aug 26 2006	Breakfast	In addition to all the comments,right next door was a great place to get a reasonably priced and very good breakfast,The Red Flame. It seemed to be busy at all hours even late night.The comfortable beds and the friendly staff were the best.2 blocks either east or west was a subway location.For some of the greatest ice cream you've ever had-Serendipity on 60th between 2nd and 3rd Ave.-be wise to make a reservation.The concierge can do that.Also from Lidia on PBS,Lidia has 4 restaurants now in NY, I believe,Becco on 46th-great Italian food-special lunch deal a little less expensive than dinner	
Aug 20 2006 	A great slice of New York	Not the biggest rooms, but quite simply excellent service that made our visit so worthwhile. And they were superb with my 10 year old daughter as well. Thoroughly recommended.	
Aug 10 2006 	no more searching	My family and I have travelled to NYC every year for the past few years. I always spend lots of time looking for the right hotel -- a combination of location, price, and amount of space. Recently we stayed at the Algonquin, and I will never spend time looking elsewhere again -- I'll just check to find the best price there for our dates. The location could not be more convenient. Last year we stayed at the Doubletree Suites -- while the rooms are bigger, the hotel entrance spits you into the middle of the Times Square scrum. The Algonquin is just off the major pathways, and it makes a big difference. It was such a quiet, friendly spot. My kids loved the New Yorker wallpaper and the resident cat in the lobby. Our first night, we splurged and had drinks in the lobby. Our 11 and 9 year old read their books and sipped their Shirley Temples while we had martinis and talked. It was so private and cozy. If price is your only consideration, then just look for the cheapest space available. But if you want elegant space and a great location, this is the top of the town. We will never look further again.	
Jul 26 2006 	Loved this hotel!	This is such a nice hotel. I travel all the time and I was so impressed with the hotel and the staff, many of whom have been employees for 30 to 40 years. As soon as you enter the hotel you are transported and almost forget you are in New York. There is no noise from the outside - either in the lobby or the sleeping rooms. The lounge and restaurants are excellent and the history of the hotel is really interesting. This could rank as one of my favorite hotels, and definitely my favorite in New York.	
Jul 18 2006	Loved the Algonquin	My friend and I stayed one night, July 15, at the Algonquin and loved it. We stayed in a room with 2 twin beds. While it was small, it was not crowded nor cramped. We had a huge desk and a nice armoir with a small television, It was tastefully decorated and very clean. The beds were super comfortable. The bathroom was also small but clean and serviceable. It had nice toiletries and was just fine. From other reviews of this hotel and others in NY maybe I was prepared for a small space but I was not disappointed in the least. The room faced 44th St and could have been noisy but as a light sleeper I always take earpulgs and slept through the night without interuption. We were able to get a discounted rate through [------------------] and were satisfied with the price ($189) The staff was excellent. They were very professional and efficient. Some that we dealt with more closely for advice and directions were super friendly and helpful. There was not one person from front desk, to bellmen, to wait staff, to supervisors who was not friendly and personable. Then again, my friend and I are friendly and polite, maybe that makes a difference.We ate in the restaurant and loved the food. The service was impecable. We had drinks in the lobby which is gorgeous; it has beautiful paneling and comfortable seating. It was so cozy we stayed for hours and never felt rushed.In closing, this historic hotel was a great choice. The location was perfect. We will definitely stay here again.	
Jul 17 2006	Home Away From Home	I am currently studying in New York City, when my family visits (which occurs quite frequently) I always stay with them at the Algonguin. The staff on every level is amazing. They go out of their way to be solitictous of your needs or wants. This is particularly true of the regular hostess in the lobby bar who remembers us from stay to stay. The lobby bar is one of the most comfortable hotel bars I have ever experienced. They don't rush you along and the atmosphere is completely relaxing. I love their speciality napkins. On special occasions I even stop for a drink there after the theatre even if I'm not staying the night. The Oak Room is a wonderful experience, although i have never eaten there only attended the cabaret. Once when we were running late for the show they held the closing of the door for our party. The rooms are a little on the small side for American hotel rooms but they are beautifully appointed and it's New York City how much time are spending in your room. The bathrooms are elegant and I love the New Yorker shower curtains. I also like how the hotel embraces its historical signifigance with the New Yorker wallpaper and the round table quotes on all the room doors. The suites are wonderful options as are the twin rooms especially for a family with grown siblings. Together with the location the Algonguin is an incredible oasis in the city that still allows you to be a part of the energy of New York but stepping out of its doors. The hotel has an important place in my heart and it will in your as well.	
Jun 30 2006	A quiet refuge in the big noisy city.	Having fled a dumpy hotel in the Catskills, I checked into the Algonquin for a night and day of civilization. It was heaven. Everyone was kind, including Matilda the Algonquin cat. The food was excellent. I enjoyed sitting in the overstuffed chairs in the lovely old (I know it has been renovated, but it LOOKS old) lobby, where I overstuffed myself, I'm afraid. The A,C., bathroom, amenities, comfy bed etc.... all good. It was quiet, too... unusual for Manhattan, in my experience. The location is super. I was so happy to find Coliseum Books just two blocks away (on 42nd Street) where I spent hours browsing and sipping frozen hot chocolate. No swimming pools here. No fancy gyms. No mega sized rooms. Just quiet, and comfort and charm. And the wallpaper is fun to read while waiting for the elevators... all New Yorker cartoons.	
Jun 24 2006 	Classy Sanctuary Overcomes Its Drawbacks	I recently stayed at the Algonquin for 3 nights in June 2006. Having travelled a fair amount for both work and pleasure, I have very high standards as far as hotels go. This was an exceptionally busy time of year for tourism in NYC, so I searched for a long time to find a good deal for a hotel in the midtown Manhattan area. I was thrilled to find a room at the Algonquin on Quikbook for well below the rates available on Orbitz, Expedia, and other discount sites.The location is terrific--on 44th Street between 5th Avenue and Avenue of the Americas. Other hotels on the block are the Iroquois and Sofitel. It's within easy walking distance of Times Square and the theaters, plus Rockefeller Center, Radio City Music Hall, and Central Park. Check-in was very prompt and pleasant. I was shown to my room, which was quite small--no exaggeration here. Nevertheless, it felt classy. I had no view, but my room was exceptionally quiet and serene. I found it totally insulated me from the pace and heat of the city outside. The bathroom is a reasonable size, with marble countertops and nice Gilchrist and Soames bath products. The bath towels were nice and very large (although not terribly soft). Robes were provided, as was an ironing board and safe. The hotel provides both free wireless internet plus wired high-speed internet for $9.95/day.The bed was exceptionally comfortable--It was soft and luxurious, and I slept exceptionally well. Both feather and firmer pillows were provided. The TV was small but functional. There was no minibar in my room, nor do I recall there being a soda or ice machine on the floor, but I didn't look.The major drawbacks during my stay were (1) the size of the room--it was fine for me travelling alone, but it would have felt cramped had my wife been there as well; (2) lukewarm showers on several occasions. This was my biggest issue. I like a hot shower--I mean a REALLY hot shower. I really only had one shower during my stay that came close to meeting that criterion. While my showers weren't cold by any means, a hotel of this caliber needs to provide hot water for its guests on demand.These drawbacks were overcome by (1) location; (2) comfort and serenity; (3) price; and (4) service--the bell staff in particular were exceptionally friendly and helpful in all regards. I sent dry cleaning out twice, and they handled that flawlessly. They also provided excellent restaurant recommendations and made sure that all of my needs were met. They made up for the front desk staff who were professional but not as solicitous. The hotel provided me with a late checkout, which helped me time my trip to the airport on my way out of town.I think you will find the Algonquin to provide a very nice experience on your trip to NYC. It is a classy, historic hotel that has been nicely updated. You'll be especially happy if you can get a rate well below that of nearby 4-star hotels. I would not hesitate to stay here again.	
May 31 2006	For Those That Want it "Clubby"	I visited with a teen daughter. She was impressed; I enjoyed it. Having lived in New York in the '80's, I chose the Algonquin due to its literary heritage and location. If a small hotel with history, witty charm, and central location appeals, then it’s an excellent choice. The hotel fits in with its Penn, Cornell, and Harvard Club neighbors; it competes with the neighboring Iroquois and Mansfield Hotels. The public rooms are dark lit, wood paneled - clubby. The house cat is white (mainly). The staff is friendly, helpful, and unpretentious. The hotel’s prominent connections to the New Yorker magazine and the “Empire State” era are highlighted everywhere.We had a two room suite (bedroom/living w/sofa bed), neither expensive nor inexpensive by major cities of the world standards. It was nicely appointed, comfortably roomy, and quiet despite fronting 44th St. The hotel is clean and well cared for but has some of the quirks of older properties in bathrooms and closets. I imagine standard rooms are either &quot;cozy&quot; or “small” depending on your disposition. Those that want contemporary design chic or large scale modern will be disappointed. This hotel is well suited to those seeking traditional club style comfort and charm. It's not even “retro”; it's the real deal - The Algonquin.	
Apr 28 2006	Very Disappointing	We booked a suite, but then a few weeks later saw an internet offer for a deluxe queen at a third of the price, so we booked that and sent an email to cancel the suite. When we arrived, you've guessed it, they had us down for a suite and a deluxe queen. We were early, but they said our room was ready. We traipsed upstairs with all our luggage (we had just been on a cruise, so we had loads) to find the smallest room ever. Our modest cabin on the Queen Mary 2 was bigger! &quot;This is a deluxe room?&quot; &quot;It's a very old hotel sir&quot;&quot;So is the Savoy in London&quot;We went back to reception, and they arranged for us to check into another room later on. When we returned the same receptionist gave us the key to another room, and off we went......only to find a room identical to the first but on a different floor.We eventually ended up in the deluxe queen room we had booked. That too was small, with a strange half bath tub/shower and unusual plumbing. No mini bar, so ice had to be ordered regularly from the rapid room service at a cost of a dollar a time tip. The w-ifi internet just about worked in our room, but many rooms are not covered. The beds are indeed very comfortable, with lovely sheets. The lobby and Blue Room bar are very dark, and are looking run down. We had no inclination to eat or drink there. The lifts are rickety.Location is great. Hall porter service is excellent.This is an expensive tired old hotel trading on its former glory.	
Apr 20 2006 	Algonquin History Service a Cat and Great Beds!	We loved this hotel! Great location, walking distance from Broadway and subway and 42nd street. Great service, concierge was helpful friendly and smart. The room was small, but clean and quiet and the MOST comfy beds ever without a doubt. Would stay here always if I didn't love Greenwich Village, but I am recommend hotel highly. A+++Thanks Algonquin.	
Apr 20 2006	Coktail and Dinner	The street front cocktail bar was small and dull.Dinner was the last night with a tour group and we all dressed up I even put the full kilt outfit on!!We were spread arround the famous but ordinary room and my table was next to the kitchen.Considering its reputation the service now is rough, mid Europe in style and the charm has all gone.Nice white dining room cat though.We were not staying at this hotel.	
Apr 17 2006	Great Hotel	After doing countless hours of research about where to stay during my weekend trip to NYC, I finally decided on the Algonquin and I'm glad I did. When my sister and I arrived, the first thing she said was, &quot;Are you sure this is our hotel?&quot; The staff was always polite and courteous. The room was small, but clean and very comfortable. It was in walking distance of *everything*. My only small complaint is that the room was very warm, even when the air conditioner was on. I would highly recommend this hotel to anybody reading this and would gladly stay there again.	
Apr 9 2006	Simply wonderful!	I went to NYC the week before Christmas with my cousin to visit family near the City. She had never been to NYC before, and I am originally from NY. I chose the Algonquin for several reasons. The historic building and literary tradition interested me. The location was superb. I had stayed at a nearby hotel on my last trip,and had visited the Blue Bar, and thought the Algonquin would be a classy, comfortable and personalized place. I was not disappointed. We found the hotel to be very clean, the service prompt, pleasant and courteous, and the atmosphere to be classy without being stuffy. Yes, the room was small, but it was immaculate, and the bed was like sleeping on a cloud. The decor is nicely resored, and fitting for a grand old hotel. We arrived during the first day of the NY transit strike, expecting general confusion and the famous NY chaotic pre-holiday stressed out hassles... after a very long and rather anxious trip to Grand Central Terminal, we walked the several blocks to the hotel (as finding a cab that day was impossible)... Upon arrival the hotel staff immediately made us feel like long-lost friends. The stay at the Algonquin was wonderful, quiet and very civilized... Room service was efficient, the doormen were pleasant and acknowledging without being personally invasive (a trend I would hope will spread in NY...) and since the hotel is less than two blocks from Times Square, everything was convenient and close. I will be staying at this hotel as often as I spend time in NYC. Highest recommendation!	
Mar 31 2006	great experience! great location! Great STAY!	after all the research, i chose Algonquin Hotel to stay for my 4 days trip with my mom and grandma. This place is close to many tourist places, just few blocks away(Time square, broadway show, fifth avenue, empire state building, rockfeller,etc.) staffs are friendly and helpful. The lobby is beautiful, cozzy, i had dinner at the round table, it was ok. i had mojito's at the lobby, it's great, must try! rooms are small, clean and neat.Too bad that our window faced to the back so we couldnt see anything from the window, but well we didnt spend much time in the room anywaz. during our stay, we watched the singing performance at night and it was great!The staffs told me they have this every weekend. here are soem tips for people who carry their laptop wiv you, they only have free wireless access in the lobby, in the room, they have the cable internet but you have to pay usd 9.75 a day. what i did was, asked twice (two different staffs) to confirm that 9.75 a day mean 24 hours so then after 24 hours i've paid, it asks me to pay again for the next day, i called the lobby and told them what happened since i didnt use the internet for 24 hours(jus couple of hours). They told me to pay for it first and when i check out on the last day they refund the extra amount and only charge me the 9.75! but make sure you ask before you pay or else i m not sure whether they will do the refund or not, hope it helps=)	
Mar 20 2006	Great Choice.	Arrived back today after a 3 night stay in New York staying at the wonderful Algonquin hotel.A warm and friendly welcome and from the minute you step into the Lobby you know you'll be in safe hands.Room was nice - not big but wasn't small either and very clean. We went for a Queen Deluxe. The bed was very comfy and had 3 very good sleeps. Nice little extras like a jar of sweets, daily copy of the New York times and information about the legendary Round Table.Very relaxing lobby, popular for drinks and the Blue Bar - more informal, cosy friendly atmosphere that also serves great snacks.Oak Room - Didn't get a chance to look in here but from the elegantly dressed people going in - I've no doubt it would have been an unforgettable experience, cabaret and all.We dined in the Round Table restaurant and the food was very good.	
Feb 28 2006	I absolutely loved my experience at this hotel!	My experience at the Algonquin was wonderful. The staff was extremely polite and helpful. They originally assigned us to a double and when we requested to be moved to a queen, they did so imediately and with a smile. It also should be mentioned that we were staying on the writer's discount and were still tended to thoroughly. The room service was excellent, as well. The room was beautiful and smelled warm and inviting--like a home, rather than a hotel. And it is true: the bed was the most comfortable I have ever slept on in my life. The entire experience was unique, unlike any other to be found in a major hotel. I much prefer the small, cozy atmosphere of the Algonquin over other huge, impersonal luxury hotels. The room size never bothered me, it was perfect for 2 people. After all, it is New York City--we were not spending hours in our room--there is far too much to do and see. Despite the fact it is managed by a corporation, it has retained its charm, warmth, and personality. That is a rare thing these days.Oh, yes, and tea or drinks in the lobby is a must.	
Feb 20 2006	Literary History Galore!	Ok, the rooms are small, but you can't beat the literary history in these walls. What a fun place. Love it, love it, love it. Hang out in the lobby and soak in the vibes of Dorothy Parker and gang. (But wait until you can get a good deal- - try not to pay more than $230 for a room.	
Feb 13 2006	Special	My wife and I finished off our honeymoon with 3 nights in NYC. We always travel around, and end up bookink things late, as we go. We were therfore a bit worried with New York, as there are more hotels to choose from than anywhere else. However, we booked 3 nights at the Algonquin 2 days before we were due to arrive.when we did arrive our luggage was taken care of, and the front desk staff were really pleasent. The room that we had was on the 7th floor, and looked out over the back - but this was good! The street at the front is quite busy so it may well have been a better view, but it would have been noisey. The room itself, was perfect. Very nicely decorated, lovely comfy bed, very very clean and crisp. The bathroom was excellent too. It generally had everything you needed.As we had mentioned that it was our honeymoon, the management had left a bottle of fizzy wine on ice, some chocolates and a congratulations card! Bearing in mind that our honeymoon consisted of 8 flights, and 10 different hotels/guesthouses, and that this was the only place to give us a gesture, we thought it was pretty special.Regardless of the 'special' treatment, we thought that the Algonquin was a very high standard all round. The lobby bar is the kind of place where you are happy to have to dress smartly for. A great atmosphere. The hotel itself was perfectly located for our 3 night visit, being within walking distance of some wonderful sights, restaurants and bars. I note that another reviewer was disappointed at having seemingly a similar room fo $400 per night. I suppose if we had paid that much I would have been a little, but if you focus on the quality, it is probably the going rate in this location.Whatever, we were made really happy here - so thanks to the Algonquin.ps - One negative, don't make any international calls ($$)	
Feb 5 2006	Best hotel unique very hospitable	This was our first visit to New York City and the staff at the Algonquin made it a comfortable and enjoyable stay for us newcomers. This trip was planned at the last minute and we didn't really even know where to go. The front desk staff was very prompt and courteous. The bellman immediately assisted us with our bags and escorted us to our room. Along the way to our room he helped us with some suggestions on sights to see and the best way to get there.We took his suggestions and despite a little bit of rain we had a wonderful visit. It kept us busy and wanting to return for more. We will definitely be staying at the Algonquin on our return visits to New York City.What a unique place to stay with a great staff.	
Jan 29 2006	Loved the Algonquin	This is a great find. Was attracted to a great rate ($189 with AAA discount). Went in with even exspectations and they were exceeded. The lobby is oozing old world charm and history. Checkin was a breeze. Was assigned room 514 which was cozy. This is the only downfall of the hotel: the rooms are the size of a broomcloset. There was just enough room to walk around in it with a queen size bed, desk, and armoire. The bed as everyone else has said was wonderful. We stayed at the Ritz Battery Park the next night, and I would say it was on par or even slightly better. Bathroom felt as though one was on a ship, very small but very functional. The room was immacultely clean and every request of the staff was met with a smile and prompt action. It reminded me very much of the Plaza Hotel, only it was by far better kept and the service was far superior. The room we had would have made it very difficult to make a long term stay of it, but it is perfect for a one or two night getaway. That was my only real dissapointment: the place you in the smallest room in the place if youre paying a discounted rate. That being said, I would definitely stay there again. Great experience.	
Jan 27 2006	Great	This hotel is fantastic. My husband and I stayed here in January 2006. It is a very nice older hotel. We were upgraded to a suite which was spacious and nice. The beg is very comfortable. Regular rooms did look a bit small. Service was great. Anything we asked for was not an issue. The location is one of the best features of this hotel. You are close to walk to Times Square and can hit 5th ave for great shopping. I would highly recommend it.	
Jan 5 2006	Incredibly Comfortable Beds Charming Hotel	I also booked through the internet, but I didn't notice a difference in attitude. The room was exactly as it appears on their site. I expected the room to be small, as it's New York and the hotel is over a century old. I didn't find it too small at all. I'm a light sleeper, but the radiator (which was not exactly quiet) didn't wake me up at all. Maybe it was because the beds are so comfortable. Hotel beds are always an issue for me because of back problems, but their beds were just as comfortable as mine--no small task. I was at a loss to discover no coffee in the room, but solved that dilemma with room service, which was very quick. The staff was very helpful and friendly. I felt very at home there. The location is very convenient--I walked everywhere. I thought the hotel was very charming and would recommend it to anyone, although if you're expecting it to be like a chain hotel, forget it. It's a famous, old hotel with great charm and a lot of history behind it.	
Jan 3 2006	Lovely hotel with a nice atmosphere	My friend and I visited New York mid-December for a shopping break and stayed for three nights at the Algonquin. The hotel has a large lobby with comfortable seating areas which always seemed to be a popular place for a drink and chat. It had a very nice and welcoming atmosphere, just the place for a cocktail after a long day's shopping. The staff are very helpful and courteous, especially Kevin. And Matilda the cat is beautiful.We found our twin bedded room to be very clean and comfortable, although the bathroom was a little small and did not have a bath. The only mirror for the room was on the inside of the bathroom door, so could have done with another one over the dressing table.Overall we were delighted with the hotel we had chosen and would definitely return and recommend to all. Great location.	
Jan 2 2006	charming but will not stay there again	We stayed at the Algonquin Christmas day 2005. The Hotel is old and retains a lot its charm. The lobby is way to small to comfortably check in. Upon check in the staff was proffesional and friendly however, when we checked out they never asked us &quot;How was your stay?&quot; or anything else. Our room was just like the photo in the web site, very nicely decorated. As in other reviews the bed was incredebly comfortable unlike any other hotel I have stayed in and we travel a lot. I called down for a blanket and 45 minutes later it did not arrive. Ultimately, I called back to cancel since I needed my sleep. The temperature in the room was good. The problem comes in with the noise the heater makes. Every time the heater came on it was like someone turned on a deiesel truck in the room I woke about 5 or 8 times during the night because the heater went on. Be adiviced their continental Breakfast was $19.00 a person! If you walk to the right of the hotel about 10 feet you will find a reastaurant where they will serve you breakfast in about 3 minutes and that is eggs, toast, home fries and they are hot. The service was great there all for about $4.00. We did meet Matilda the snobby persian cat, very cute... I would not stay at this hotel again due to, service and the heater issue. I think one could do better for the price.	
Dec 27 2005	Good Old New York experience	This is a good place to stay--a small, lovely old hotel with a well-trained, helpful staff. The location is perfect for the typical NYC tourist, particularly if you are attending theater; very central, in a safe area, and on a relatively quiet yet central block. The lobby is small and elegant, with original dark wood panelling. Many people stop by for afternoon and evening drinks at the Algonquin even if they aren't staying there or are local--it is a lovely spot. (While most people were dressed well while having a drink, it fine to sit for tea in your jeans after touristing around. We did.) The food in the restaurant is good (we ate breakfasts and pizza there ), though not inexpensive....but not royally outrageous either. A full breakfast (many choices) of eggs, french toast, or pastries, rolls, etc,, with fruit and juice and coffee, etc is $17 I think. The coffee shop next door is cheaper (maybe 12 for all the same stuff), but not very good food in my opinion. I'd read that the rooms were very small, but while they are small, I wouldn't call them &quot;very small.&quot; We had the Queen suite for 2 adults and 2 kids. It was one bedroom , with TV armoire, room for a suitcase stand, and a walk-in closet with hanging space, shelves, and room for another suitcase stand and room for someone to change if need be.  The bathroom was small, but modern and clean, (but I should note that the tub-shower combo had an exceptionally high side that would be difficult for older adults or less athletic folks to easily access;the regular rooms had a normal shower.) The sitting room was nice and had a sofabed, a comfortable club-style chair, TV, fridge and a large writing desk and chair. We had plenty of room to get a rollaway bed so our kids had separate beds. Our kids are a mature 12 and 13 (girl and boy) , and they enjoyed the hotel. There were a number of teens staying with parents (it is the holidays), but I saw only one child younger than my daughter. The hallways are like they were originally--fairly narrow, with panelling. All of us noted that if you need to take the stairs down to the restroom in the lobby, you had better not be obese--it is extremely narrow. These things, to us, all added to the charm of the hotel. It is more like a nice European small hotel, with character and individuality. My kids liked it. True, they have travelled to Europe a few times and stayed in small hotels or country houses, so they find charm in originality, but I think many would. There is a cat who lives in the lobby and at the reception desk. She's very pretty and mellow. The kids liked her, and will definitely remember their stay at the Algonquin as part of their NYC trip. It wasn't just like staying at another Sheraton, etc.	
Dec 6 2005	Watch out Expedia bookers !	Agree with some of the last reviews. Upon check in I received the same Expedia treatment. My booking stated a Full Bed (whatever that might mean!) and we received a really small bed. When complained, I was told this was Expedia's problem and they can't do anything about it. Furthermore I did enjoy smoking in the non-smoking room as my confirmation stated a smoking booking. The front desk man, Enrique, was totally unprofessional. He wore an ill fitting suit and was best suited to a Days Inn ! When we discussed the bed size, I agreed to compromise by saying I will sleep on the floor and if the could provide another set of duvet/pillows. He refused saying that was against fire regulations ! He also said it was not possible to upgrade the room at extra cost as the booking was done through Expedia. To cut a long story short, my verditct is:- excellent location.- fair value for money (it is NY afterall !).- very small rooms.- no flat screens as advertised.- very comfortable beds.- very nice but small common areas (which could be an attraction).- lovely staff (save for Enrique !).- don't book through Expedia otherwise you will be treated like the poor cousins (although what I paid was the same if booked direct !).	
Nov 21 2005	Don't!	Possibly no other city in the world has such an unbelievably awful collection of hotels. If you go for a chain hotel (Le Meridien and the Inter-continental being the ones i tried in NY) you are met with a staff indifference and uninspiring dreariness that would make any manager in the chain cringe, while if you choose a &quot;character hotel&quot; you invariably find that something is seriously wrong. The Algonquin is no exception. The room i was given was breathtakingly small, with a view onto the hotel's ventilation system. No mini-bar; air-conditioning is a noisy window-box; no internet acces; unhelpful and unfriendly staff. The hotel's public spaces are certainly unique, but have a wealthy-white-male atmosphere that can be very off-putting. The hotel has an amazingly rich history but neglects no opportunity to rub this in (a bedside booklet dripping with gruesome camaraderie gives you every little detail). On the plus side, the hotel is very well located, the beds are very comfortable and there are chocolates on the pillow. But for over 400$, stay away.	
Nov 18 2005	expect poor service if you purchase on the internet	I was there for three days. They have some very...very small rooms. I stayed on the bed so my Husband could dress. When I asked for a bigger room the next day. I was refused even though I was staying for three days. I explained it was my 50th bithday and I was in the city to celebrate. I thought that would maybe exlicit some postive response, but no . My thought was that I was refused to be accomodated because I paid for the room from expedia. Some hotels do note that discount, and provide poor service accordingly	
Nov 18 2005	Lovely Hotel!	Just arrived back from an 8 night stay at the Hotel Algonquin and would recommend it highly.During our stay we found the staff to be very helpful and always friendly, with the concierge being especially knowledgable of local and reasonable bars!The location is fantastic only a few blocks from Times Square and on the corner of 5th Avenue and the hotel was spotless, with the rooms being cleaned to a very high standard daily. The decor is lovely with New Yorker cartoons on the wallpaper in the halls with the hotel being incredibly homely with the bar also being very classy but still friendly. Nothing seemed too much trouble for any of the staff.If we had to pick any 'faults' the tv wasnt great if you plan to use it a great deal and the bar in the hotel was on the pricey side, though their cocktails were very strong!!!!If you plan to spend your time seeing the sights of New York and dont want to waste time travelling around then this centrally located hotel is perfect as the large majority of sights are well within walking distance.We have been to New York on several occassions and i know that we will definitely be staying here again!Look out for &quot;Matilda&quot; the hotel cat who is absolutely beautiful and very friendly!	
Nov 9 2005	romantic first trip to NYC	Warm, friendly staff who seem to know everything about the hotel and the surrounding areas. Super generous and polite. We loved our 2 night stay there and would definitely recommend it to those we know. Was also great having Time Square just a couple blocks away. There was a bit of construction across the street when we were there (late October 2005) which was a bit annoying but didn't change our great impression of the hotel and its knowledgable staff.	
Nov 8 2005	Best Bed Ever!	This place was fantastic all round and the only thing it missed was a quiet area downstairs to relax in but other than that I cannot fault a thing. The location was excellent; being centered nicely between all the major attractions (Times Square, Empire State Building, 5th Avenue, Broadway and transport centers), the staff were helpful and friendly at all times plus they never failing to hail me a cab within minutes of leaving the front door. The bed was also the most comfortable I have ever slept on and makes mine at home pale in comparison. Overall the Algonquin was fantastic value for money.	
Oct 31 2005	Great hotel supremely comfortable beds...but no coffee in the room!	If you're looking for a quiet, beautiful hotel with excellent service, the Algonquin is perfect.* The rooms are on the small side but actually above average for NYC. Ours had a desk, window seat, flat screen TV and the most comfortable bed ever!* The beds and linens are supremely comfortable - on par with the Ritz in Chicago which is fabulous!* The hotel staff is wonderful - friendly and helpful.* As noted in another reiview, the clientele is on the older side (mostly late 40s and up). If you're looking for a place where the young, hip and trendy hang out in the lobby/bar, then this place is not for you. However, I don't go to a hotel to hang out with the other hotel guests and the nightcap we had Saturday night in the lounge area was perfect nice as we could actually hear each other talk!* Location is perfect - just a couple blocks or so from Times Square.* The one detraction from all this excellent was the lack of coffee in the room or the lobby area. I can understand not having it in the room as space is somewhat at a premium, but nothing in the lobby that you can take back to your room either? That's just unacceptable. Your options were to sit down in the restaurant and have a cup there (not something I want to do when I've just woken up), order room service ($$$$) or walk a couple of blocks to Starbucks and bring it back. I ended up going to Starbucks but was not very happy about it. Hopefully they will change this practice and set up a morning coffee/tea bar in the lobby. When you're paying this much for a room, I think that's the least they can do.* Overall, I absolutely loved this hotel and would return in a heartbeat...I'd just be prepared for the morning coffee hike!	
Oct 17 2005	Wonderful Stay at the Algonquin	Cancelled flights resulted in our staying in NYC for 2 nights this past week. Hotel we normally stay at was booked, but we were able to get a last minute reservation at the Algonquin. Staff is the friendliest we have encountered in years. From the doorman, front desk, bellman, wait staff in the restaurant - everyone was extremely pleasant and professional. We really must commend the Romanian born bartender who was not only friendly, but who made the best martini I have had in years. He STIRRED it without having to be asked - what a treat in this day of shaken everything. When I complimented him on this he stated &quot;This is the Algonquin where the martini is always stirred.&quot; Definitely my kind of place.I will admit to being over 50 but I also know that I would have been pleased with this hotel had I been 20, 30 or 40 years old.If you find that your tastes are not mature enough to enjoy the Algonquin do yourself a favor and come back when they are.	
Oct 5 2005	Classy central and a bit stuffy	Stayed at the Algonquin for 3 nights in September for my first time in NYC. Hotel was lovely - and very very classy. Only really 2 complaints - the room we had was very very small - nice, but small!! Oh and the concierge who initially appeared very helpful was offering tickets for Broadway around 200 dollars each - i walked up to the Ticket Booth and got 2 tickets for 100 dollars for mamma mia. Then when asked to book us a table at a particular restaurant we had asked about - she recommended somewhere else - when we stated no we wanted &quot;Smith and Wollenskys&quot; - she came back to us to say no reservations.....strange that an hour later i walked to the restaurant and got a table immediately. That said, very comfortable hotel which i would be happy to stay in again. Oh and if you love cats - Matilda is a gem!!	
Sep 28 2005 	Worst hotel for the price! Don't waste your money!	Okay, I don't understand this one bit! I went to this site because I was going to stay at the &quot;Dream&quot; Hotel. I changed my mind after seeing all these reviews.Now, I got to clarify something. I am 26 years old. If you are over 50, don't even read my post as this wont apply to you. My buddy who was rooming with me is 19! We were the youngest people that I saw in our hotel. It seemed like a bunch of coffin-dodgers congregating in one location! I am so sorry if some of you are offended by that statement, but that will sum up your stay in this hotel.The good:Great service, FANTASTIC bed, One of the oldest hotels in the city! Very close to midtown.The bad:One of the oldest hotels in the city! Tv is antiquated! Room size is a JOKE! I paid 200 buckaroos to stay in a matchbox. If I had a large enough rental car, I would have been better off. It's not fancy at all, nor technologically savvy.All in all, this place is great for shut-ins, old people, poets, people who like to wallow in self pity and live away from civilization. Absolute waste of money. For 200 bucks a night I should've chosen Dream. Make your own decision and I hope this review helps. If you are under 50, forget about going to this dump!	
Sep 23 2005	Great Hotel!	My daughter and I stayed at the Algonquin in August. I loved the hotel. Everyone was so kind. The doorman very helpful and polite. The room very clean. I would stay there again. To compare we also stayed at the Hyatt Grand Central and my daughter and I were dragging luggage and carrying luggage and NOONE helped us or even opened the door for us. Our room was not even cleaned until after 6:30 PM. I felt like we got better service at the Algonquin. Sooooo clean and comfortable. Great ambiance. Matilda the cat lives there and gives it a homey feel. We also got a great deal by booking online.	
Sep 19 2005	Lovely Staff 	I stayed here with my boyfriend for 4 days in September &amp; loved it!The rooms are compact, but lovely, well furnished, well equiped &amp; with enough space for our clothes/suitcases/shopping etc. The bed was soooo comfy I really wanted to take it home with me! Bathroom was lovely, natural light (unusual for a hotel) and room was v clean.This hotel is quirky, with really entertaining wallpaper and a cat! The staff were so helpful and friendly, always said hello when we passed through the lobby and helped us will all our queries.I really like the location too as we were able to walk pretty much everywhere, up to Central Park and down to the Empire State Building. I would definitely stay here again if I got the chance.	
Aug 31 2005	Would def. return again	This hotel was absolutely wonderful. We were able to check in early and got to see the lobby kitty, Matilda. We recieved helpful and friendly information from the man that took our bags up, and on the way out to door. When we got back from shopping in the early evening, we called down to the desk to get a restaurant reccomendation. They called ahead for us, without us asking, and the restaurant was EXCELLENT!!!! When we got up the next morning to check out, we went next door for breakfast and were offered an umbrella on our way out the door, and it was only overcast. I cannot rave enough and will definately stay there again. **Best bed and pillows I have ever slept on.	
Aug 30 2005	I liked it but the view was awful!	I stayed 2 nights at the Algonquin with a friend. We both live here in New York so we are well aware of the &quot;average&quot; Manhattan hotel room. It was nice because I didn't have to do any of the planning or review reading or anything. The Algonquin is a historic hotel with a great look and a perfect location for tourists. We wre in room 407. (Remember this if you want to avoid a view that will make you keep the blinds closed tightly.) Upon entering the hotel, attentive doormen opended the doors, the desk staff greeted us each time we came and went and the resident feline, Matilda, was usually somewhere nearby. (Beautiful cat but not very social lol) There are 2 elevators, a large lounge with dark wood furnishings and dim lighting. There is also a library that you can borrow books from and they place a couple books and magzines in the rooms as well.The RoomI really liked our room. By Manhattan standards, it was not cramped and was a square room rather than rectangular like many are. The original architecture really adds a cozy charm and the walls are cream with white moulding. The textiles are shades of deep reds, golds and greens with traditional dark wood furnishings. I'm not a big fan of the &quot;traditional&quot; look, but here it was balanced nicely and the room didn't feel old at all.The bed---ahhhhh, the bed. So comfortable. Pillowtop Queen size mattress complete with Egyptian Cotton linen, a lightweight down-type topper, a mixed batch of pillows including down and synthetic, and a throw at the bottom of the bed that nicely coordinated with the carpeting, drapes and bedskirt. There are 2 chairs in the room, both nicely upholstered. An arm chair and a desk chair at the writing desk. In the desk drawer is a nice selection of stationery including post cards, all neatly arranged in a folder. There is a nice closet with a safe, iron and ironing board and plush bath robe behind a solid wood door.(There was only one though. We didn't ask for a second but I would think there should have been two.) The TV was only 20&quot; I think, but I didn't mind. It's housed in a wood armoire on top of which is your tray with ice bucket, glasses and a dish of candies. Beneath are drawers and there are also drawers in each nightstand and the desk. The bathroom is spacious but the bathtub is of the smaller hotel-size variety. The toilet is taller than the standard household toilet. There are nice bathroom amenities including shower gel, lotion, shampoo and conditoner, a shoe shine, shower cap and mini shower cap and hair dryer. There is a full-length mirror on the bathroom door. The shower has a nice handheld, highly polished shower wand. I saw no signs of aging or wear in the room. Everything was very clean..except the top of the armoire, which was in need of dusting. The hotel does have room service, but we did not order anything. Expect higher than usual pricing. You have to get ice from room service, which I found odd. We got ice at the front desk instead. The room is very cozy, it feels like a bedroom. The ceiling fan adds a nice touch and the A/C is very adequate. The carpet and bathroom floor was clean and we never heard any noises inside our room from other guests/staff. The reasons I did not give The Algonquin 5 stars are:No poolNo continental breakfastTerrible view from our roomAll very minor details since these are very common problems with Manhattan hotels.	
Aug 28 2005 	Pleasant (but not perfect) stay ... Great location though	Rooms can be a bit small and a noisy (tip: ask for a room away from the elevators!), but overall, it was a good experience. Reasonable price, decent staff. Some folks better than others, but generally helpful and sincere.It's like Vegas in that, if you stay there, you are staying for location, not for the room. It's right in the middle of the island and walking to 5th Ave., and Times Square. And not a bad can north and south cab to other attractions. It's truly a tourist hotel in that sense.WIFI Internet access is free in the lobby, nominal charge in the rooms, which are old, but updated for the most part (no tub though in our rooms).The lobby and bar are very quaint and friendly. One of the best things about the hotel. My guests enjoyed the stay, it was a pleasant one. I will probably be back. But I might poke around the Sofitel a couple doors down, we'll see.	
Aug 17 2005 	This is what a hotel is supposed to be like!	From the moment you walk into the Algonquin Hotel you feel like a New Yorker. Its established class can’t help but rub off on you, and when I mean class I don’t mean the fake snobbery NYC attitude. You feel like you’ve stepped back in time when living life meant enjoying a cocktail and the lively art of conversation. This hotel has history, a friendly staff and the most comfortable hotel beds I’ve ever slept on. True, the rooms are “cozy” but you’re in NYC so who wants to stay in the room? It’s beautifully appointed, great towels and robe in the bathroom and plenty of fluffy pillows. And they have Matilda. Could you imagine the Plaza having a friendly feline mascot? Puhlease. Don’t miss out staying at the Algonquin if you want to truly enhance your NYC experience. After staying there I get why New Yorkers love their city so much.	
Aug 16 2005	Best Hotel in NYC	The Algonquin Hotel is the absolute best hotel in NYC. The rooms are a bit small, but the beds more than makes up for it. The sleep you get in these beds is perfect. The staff is a collection of some of the nicest and most knowledgable people in New York. And the location is to die for! Just a minute walk from 5th Ave., and less than 5 mins from Times Square. Also in walking distance from the Public Library, Madison Square Garden, Rockafeller Center, Trump Tower, and the Empire State Building.The Algonquin truley is the best NYC has to offer. 10 out of 10	
Jul 31 2005	Great location!	my boyfriend and i stayed in the algonquin for 1 night. the only bad thing about it is that the rooms are pretty small. although we've never stayed in the city before and we have nothing to compare to, we still felt that it was pretty tight even though we had the deluxe queen room it is definately not for more than 2 people. although it was small it was AMAZING! totally renovated, spotless walls, ceilings, clean and fresh bathroom tile, nice tub and great water pressure. we had a flat screen tv with satelitte cable and the drapery really made it a very classy room. ONE THING THAT WE LOVED WAS THE BED!! IT WAS EXCEPTIONALLY COMFORTABLE WITH 6-8 SOFT BIG PILLOWS(NOT THE USUAL HOTEL PILLOW). air conditioning was great with a remote control and self regulator. also the location is prime. you're a 3 min walk from times square and everything, 1 min walk from subway, but you're not right in the center--which makes it quiet and peaceful. definately recommended!!!!(i'll add pictures soon)	
Jul 22 2005	Just Perfect	My daughter and I had a deluxe twin room from July 17 - July 20, 2005. The hotel has been spiffed up since my last stay in the late 1970s, and it's a real gem. The building is handsome and cozy. The entry's tile floor and dark woodwork are welcoming, as is the friendly staff. Matilda, the aristocratic hotel cat, is imperious and amusing. The lobby is dim-in a good way, and a very happy place to chat and drink and eat, and fun to snoop around in at the painted upper walls and carved woodwork and oriental light fixtures. The elevators are tiny and have funky buttons. There is an open staircase from top to bottom of the building. The halls have New Yorker cartoon wallpaper. The room doors are original, solid, heavy wood. The bedrooms are small, but so very solid and well-designed, and now clean and light, that our room ranks among my favorite of all hotel rooms. Our window was on an airshaft, which gave me entertaining views of about 20 office workers across the way in the daytime. Our room was quieter than any other city hotel room I've had, and certainly quieter than any new construction hotel. A room fronting on 44th Street would doubtless be louder. I had the impression that the hotel staff is making a big effort. The place is much cleaner than I remember. When my daughter and I were ensconsed in the lobby plotting our day, a staff person brought her various Matilda The Cat trinkets to keep. We're sold; I'd stay there in preference to any other NYC hotel, including the St Regis and the Plaza. The Algonquin is not in their luxury class, but is so very much more homey and comfortable while not feeling at all like a budget choice.	
Jul 6 2005	Laughably small room.	The Algonquin in itself is a great hotel. Its in the perfect area, the hotel is emaculate, very historic and has a terrific bar. However, I payed the lowest rate possible and was stuck in a room that was so small me and my girlfriend broke down laughing when we saw it. To say it was more then 100 square feet (not counting bathroom) would be a stretch. The bed took up more then half the room and when our room service breakfast was brought to us there was hardly any room to walk around and eat. I have stayed in many NYC hotels and understand that they are small, especially if you pay the lowest rates, but this was just absurd. The decor was fine and it was clean, but I dont know ANYONE that would feel comfortable in a room this small. Im sure from reading some other reviews that people on here were in larger rooms. I would still REC. this hotel though, just make sure you dont get stuck in my oom. We were so tired when we checked in that we couldnt muster up the engery to argue for a bigger one.	
Jun 29 2005	Very atmospheric	It is a few years since my wife and I stayed here, on honeymoon, but I thought it worth sharing our excellent experience. I imagine the timeless character of the place will never change.The 1930's design was wonderful and the fact that my wife was a Dorothy Parker fan made this the perfect place to stay in New York. The staff were friendly and helpful and we got the traditional free bottle of Champagne in our room which was very acceptable. The location is very convenient too.Was there any downside ? Will the room was small and a little tatty - I hear there has since been a refurbishment. The view from the window was grime and air conditioning units, however this was so stereotypical New York I quite enjoyed it. Breakfast was excellent and most atmospheric but also exhorbitant. Little did I realise that every time the waiter topped up our freshly squeezed orange juice (which was frequently) it was an additional $15 on the bill. After the first day we had breakfast at the diner next door which was very good value.I would thoroughly recommend the Algonquin for a honeymoon stay or other romantic break. Treat your partner !	
Jun 23 2005	Algonquin A++	Whenever I travel to New York again. I will make sure that I stay at the Algonquin. The staff are great and the rooms are immaculate! I highly recommend this hotel.	
Jun 13 2005	Great experience	We loved The Algonquin. Our room was very nice - yes, a little on the small side, but what do you expect from an older hotel? It still had everything you would expect, including a large walk-in closet. And quiet! We never heard a peep from our neighbors or any street noise. The staff was wonderful - we had many, many questions, and they were always extremely helpful and pleasant. Also very convenient to theatre district, Times Square, and Rockefeller Centre. Will definitely stay there again.	
May 31 2005	Great Hotel	The Hotel is exceptional, stayed at the Hotel May 14 -21 with my mom. The rooms are small, but who spends time in a room when your in NYC only but to sleep and rest before going out again. I read reviews before actually staying at the hotel and I hate to say but people some times go alittle over board on the truth. The only down fall is no vending machines nor ice machines are available in the hallways you have to call room service for a glass of ice. Last but not really an issue, the food at the Hotel is very expensive. There is a resturant call the Red Flame next to the Hotel and it's great on prices and the food is good. Over all the Hotel is a great place to stay especially with all the History it holds... Make sure to see Matilda the cat, she's everywhere... And if your visiting NYC for the first time, please experience the Subways and Metro Bus so you can get the full experience of NYC. Also this Hotel is next to everything, Broadway, Time Square... Be on the look out you will spot many Celebraties, we saw Denzel Washington, Chris Rock, Brad Garrett, Zach Braff, Aretha Franklin, Lawrence Fishburne, Montel Williams, and the cast from the View.	
May 25 2005	Wonderful Little Hotel	Myself, along with 7 other women stayed at the Algonquin May 18 through the 23. We had a great stay. Yes..the rooms are small but they are clean, comfy and room service was on the spot. The beds are to die for comfortable. We all slept like babies! The people are wonderful, friendly and always happy to help with questions from finding the right bus, subway or last minute tickets to a Broadway show. I have read that the drinks are expensive and yes its true but they are everywhere you go. The lobby is the perfect meeting place to catch up on the day, have a cocktail or even spot a celeb...Robert Downey, Jr. The location is excellent! Don't believe all of those cranky people in the reviews....I researched for hours on Trip Advisor before choosing the Algonquin and I am happy to have made the perfect choice! It is fantastic!	
May 24 2005	History and Charm	Anyone expecting a flashy grand hotel will be disappointed here, but I was thoroughly thrilled to find the Algonquin exactly what it professes to be -- a charming, old-world-style hotel amid the bustle of the Big Apple. Staff always friendly and helpful, the legendary bar is warm and cozy, plenty of hot water available, and the beds are incredibly comfortable. Yes - the rooms are small (like most big city hotels) but more than adequate in size for two people with a moderate amount of luggage. Well worth the $264 a night. And Mathilda the cat is a unique extra!	
Apr 14 2005	Wonderful Birthday....	My Son took me to NYC for my 50th birthday August of last year. What a wonderful hotel. From the moment we arrived to the minute we left a truly nice and good experience. Arrived 5 hours before check in time, no problem. Staff always helpful. Rooms nicely decorated and very clean. Nice location seemed to be close to everything. Would stay again and actually plan on it.	
Apr 4 2005	Fantastic	Just returned from a 4 night stay with my 13 year old son. We had a wonderful time here! The atmosphere alone is worth a visit. The history of the hotel has been kept but made better! The staff was friendly and helpful every time we needed something. The lobby is filled with locals enjoying a drink or meal but also allowed my son to sit and read and have a soda in the afternoon. Matilda the cat is a hit with everyone and very visable at the front desk - always glad to take a picture!Our room was two twins (had heard they were the largest) and we were not disappointed! Freshly painted - looked totally new! Comfortable beds and pillows, very clean and neat, room temperature controlled by us, bay window, lots of space for luggage and extras. The bathroom was small (stand up shower only), but with a large desk in the room had plenty of space there. No problems with hot water any time of day. Lots of thick towels (no skimping here) and robes. I can't say enough about how clean everything was from the front door to our room. I would recommend this hotel to anyone and I've stayed in some really great hotels!	
Mar 21 2005	Loved the Algonquin	Just got back from a 5 day trip to NYC. Stayed in a 2 bed suite with our 2 college daughters and their boyfriends. The bedrooms were not too small - actually perfect for two people. The couch was confortable to sleep on. The hotel has been redecorated and is very nice. We enjoyed the busy lobby and the overall feel of the hotel. The location couldn't have been better! We will definately stay there again.	
Mar 20 2005	OK but room so small...	Stayed at the Algonquin over New Year 2004/5. Hotel looked impressive and staff attentive and helpful.Food and drinks expensive.Room was very small - hardly any floor space at all. Although I was not expecting much of a view in New York it was a bit disappointing to look out of your window at a brick wall! Reedeming feature of the stay was the wonderfully comfortable bed.	
Mar 17 2005 	Disappointed	I usually stay at the Sofitel but thought I would give the Algonquin a try. I won't be returning. I arrived early evening and there was no bellman outside to help with my bags. After fighting with 2 doors, I noticed a bellman standing inside watching me. No offer of help. The rooms were nice, if alittle worn. I felt like I was taking up the front desks' time with checking in and checking out. I really wanted this stay to WOW me, but unfortunately it didn't.	
Mar 10 2005 	A Gem with History	Have just returned from a business trip to NYC where I stayed at the Algonquin for 4 nights. If you are looking for a hotel with acres of marble, flashing lights and glass elevators, this is not the place for you. However, if you are looking for a relaxed atmosphere, friendly staff and tastefully decorated rooms you should like it here. I was particularly impressed with the extremely comfortable bed, great bathroom and general all round attention to detail. In contrast to some of the other reviews my room, whilst not huge, was of a decent size. This is not a place for young children or even teenagers but is great for the over 30's! I will be back.	
Mar 4 2005	Tiny room and no hot water	I'd heard wonderful things before going to this hotel, but it seems as though the cache is all in it's history and not in the actual experience staying at this hotel.My room was tiny even by NY standards, and hadb't been updated in some time. More frustrating, there was no hot water. I let it run for almost an hour and got lukewarm. It then took nearly an hour for an engineer to show up to fix the hot water. Not a great experience.	
Feb 23 2005	Best Hotel Experience	I stayed at the Algonquin for 2 nights in December 2004. I love this hotel. I was expecting small rooms without a view, and I have no memory of its &quot;better days&quot; so I was not at all disappointed. Beautiful lobby, cozy and luxurious, helpful and friendly staff, convenient and inexpensive parking across the street. The place is drenched in modern literary history which appealed to me immensely. Perfect location for me, close to everywhere I wanted to go. I loved hanging out in the lobby lounge, drinking $15 cocktails (little steep) people watching and chatting with friends, or surfing the internet on my wireless laptop. I was a little out of place as a young guy, most guests were gentrified older couples, but everyone was friendly. Downside, our waiter was a little dismissive of me as he served my sister and I our delicious $150 dinner in the roundtable room. Perhaps I shouldnt have opened the sideboard cabinet to take a peek at what was inside, but it was right next to my seat, within arm's length, and I couldnt help myself. Huge stack of pressed white tablecloths, so you know.	
Feb 21 2005 	Algonquin's room smallest I ever stayed in	We've always enjoyed stopping in the lobby at the Algonquin for a drink after a busy afternoon. We finally took the plunge in November and stayed there four nights. We like the atmosphere, and the room was recently redecorated. But I can honestly say we will never stay there again.I asked for a bigger room and a regular tv as opposed to a smaller room with a flat screen tv. The clerk must have misunderstood me because we got a flat screen tv in a small room. In order to go from the bathroom to the doorway, I had to crawl across the bed when my husband was sitting at the desk. If the desk wasn't being used, I could walk on the floor the whole way. He was particularly shocked at the size of the room. We planned to ask for a change, but our timing didn't work out.The other thing--we dislike staying at hotels where we can't get our own ice. The first night I had to come down to the front desk, and the next night, they brought it up which surprised me because the night before they told me the person to deliver it was gone for the night. The staff was nice.	
Feb 17 2005	A Wonderful New York Memory	Apprehensive returning after the renovation, I found myself excited with an anticipation akin to a meeting with a long-ago love. Some of the reviews I had read were not entirely favorable. But I tossed caution to the wind, and I am so glad that I did. When I arrived late, the front desk person arranged for the restaurant to remain open for a delicious late night dinner and while dining brought the key to a room with a queensize bed that I had requested. The room was as I remembered, only now with vibrant colors, buttery linen, plush towels, sparkling bathrooms and a welcome, relaxing water pressure in the shower. The bed was so comfortable, I immediately fell asleep while watching the new flat screen television. Housekeeping was efficient, replacing a bulb within minutes. Room service is prompt and congenial.The signature bottled water is a charming touch and plentiful upon request. When I forgot my reading glasses at a store around the corner from the hotel, the concierge, Kevin retrieved them while I warmed myself from the February chill in the sumptuous lobby, sipping a brandy, reading one of the many complimentary newspapers and sampling a sweet. Although I did not have reservations for the Oak Room, the lovely,accomodating hostess arranged a table for me where I experienced a not soon forgotten fabulous performance by KT Sullivan and Mark Nadler. How luxurious not to have to leave the hotel for such high calibre entertainment! The location is central to the theater district,shopping and many restaurants. As a woman traveling alone, safety is always important. The front desk staff and doormen always greeted me personally so that I felt more than comfortable. At the last moment, I went to Central Park to take in the spectacular Gates, Cristo and Jeanne Claude's gift to New York City, and spontaneously bought a print which was too big to carry on the plane. The concierge arranged to have it sent to me and it just arrived!Thinking of my stay in New York, while I am reluctant to recommend the Algonquin, since I would like it to remain my special place, I truly feel this unique hotel and it's staff should be appreciated and highly recommended as the jewel that it was and STILL is. It was a memorable week, and I can only hope there will be availability for me when I return to New York	
Feb 8 2005	Favorite Midtown Hotel	The Algonquin is my favorite Midtown Manhattan hotel, and I've stayed at most of them at one time or another over the past few years. It's not the best hotel in New York City, nor even the best in Midtown, but it's my favorite. Why? Because it is most decidedly not a chain hotel, not a formula, and it's not for you if your prefer that. It is a gem of a friendly place chock full of history, and the recent renovation is more than enough to make it fastidiously clean and comfortable. The fast Internet connection should be free, but like most Manhattan hotels it's about $10 a day. The water pressure is very good, the bathrooms excellent, the towels first rate. The beds, pillows and sheets are the equal or better of the Heavenly Bed at the W -- very high thread count. Flat, thin-panel televisions in every room. Sure, the two elevators could use some help, but how many hotels have a resident feline that works the front desk? Room service is very good. New York Times, Observer and USA Today are free every day. The location is very convenient, and when you can get a good rate here it's worth a stay for the high value it provides by comparison with some high-priced competition in the neighborhood: Royalton, Iroquois, City Club, Millenium, W, Marriott, Hilton, Renaissance, etc.	
Feb 3 2005	We love this hotel!	I have stayed at the Algonquin several times in NYC and just returned from a long weekend there. The location is great, the ambiance is wonderful and we are always pleased with our rooms. Other reviewers complain about the lack of counter space in the bathrooms and while that is true, this hotel makes up for its lack of counter space by being a quaint, charming property. I highly recommend staying here.	
Jan 24 2005	Stay here only in a pinch	I have stayed at the Algonquin on and off for the last thirty years and can honestly say that it really IS coasting on a long and very past reputation. Whatever vestiges of the original charm,such as the tiny little bar to the right as one entered, have long gone in previous &quot;refurbishments&quot; and into history. She is like the old matron that has had one facelift too many.No matter how much you do to her, she's never going to fool anyone about the fact that she's had a lot of work done to her and in turn make her eventually look even older and more pathetic. This trip we were given room 611 overlooking 44th Street. Physically the room was beautifully re-decorated but so small (as all the rooms have always been) you needed to leave it to change your mind. Somehow they managed to squish in twin beds in it however and these beds were exquisitely comfortable... if one were able to get any sleep in them. We woke up to single digit freezing temperatures as we had shut off the very noisy heater before going to sleep. Problem was it wouldn't heat when started up again. We called front desk and within minutes a maintenance man came in to fix it. All fine and dandy however forget about getting anymore sleep with it on.Also the noise from the street is very intrusive even with all the windows tightly shut. I'm amazed at the poor soundproofing seeing the hotel was recently refurbished. The bathroom configuration was awkward with virtually no space for one's own toiletries. Some call it old world charming, I call it tiresome and badly planned . The staff were blandly pleasant and neither aided or abetted our stay. Having learnt long ago to avoid the ridiculous prices of the drinks and so-so food at the Algonquin, (The Red Flame diner is right next door to the hotel and is where EVERYONE goes for an excellent breakfast at more than half the price of a hotel one) we nevertheless were happy that we had only paid a very low Internet rate.It certainly is not worth more.	
Jan 4 2005	Dorothy Parker Would Expect No Less	Okay, if you're going to be near Times Square which is good because of your proximity to both sides of town and both train stations, why not be in one of the most famous hotels in the world? It's worth it and you won't find many rooms like this in NYC. The beds are extremely warm and cozy, the art on the walls all tell tales of the history of the hotel from illustrations depicting the originators of The Atlantic Monthly to hand-written poetry of Dorothy Parker to letters to his editor by Truman Capote. The bathrooms are deep, the water warm, it really has everything you need including vintage old NYC furniture that is comfortable and in unbelievably good condition. And to think you are only a few floors above The Round Table... to be so close to a round surface with simple wooden legs that at one time hosted the liveliest, most important and humorous ongoing literary dialogues in the world. If you have a large enough group, you can actually reserve that table! Positively remarkable considering this piece of furniture should be stored in The Smithsonian. One drawback: some of the help. There are the nice men and women who are the waiters and the maids. We decided some of the waiters were straight out of New Yorker cartoons. And you can't help but get the feeling most of the help has been there since 1934 and still get a kick out of each other and their job. They're not the problem. It's some of the unpleasant and/or inefficient characters at the Front Desk. Though one or two were friendly and helpful, most were snobby and seemed put upon -- as though they had better things to do. And while the day concierge was sweet as all get out, he did not, as promised, provide me with a special store he and I had a lengthy conversation about. A slightly less inocuous example of poor behavior occured when I explained to the current Front Desk man that the man from the previous evening promised me a great rate for the following night *which he truly had. The man at the Front Desk smirked, barely looked me in the eye, and said he didn't know why that happened, that gentleman shouldn't have promised me that and he couldn't help me. Then he went about his business as I stood there. At the moment, if I hadn't liked others in the hotel as much and the room, I would have asked he move my stuff out and I get my money back. His manner was postively rude and discourteous. Perhaps he was correct, his colleague should have made no such promises, and perhaps I should have taken up his colleague's offer when he put it out there, but this charming man could have handled it without being so disgustingly unpleasant. I was further underwhelmed when I discovered I had lost a piece of jewelry. Once having discovered the loss on my way to another location, I phoned the Front Desk to explain what I had missing. But after that call, no one got back to me, and it was a family heirloom. I phoned the hotel to find out about the follow up and had many short conversations that seemed perfunctory with the front desk pleading they check again with Security. But neither they nor their Security Officer has bothered to phone me to this day. Honestly, even if it were to simply say, &quot;Miss, we've interviewed everyone, there's nothing we can do. We are so sorry,&quot; I would have been disappointed but felt the proper attention had been paid. Instead I am left angry and disenchanted. Granted I was there during the holidays and no one wants to work during that time, but as long as they're there and I'm there and we are all there together, I think they could have bent over backwards or sideways or bent their bodies upwards to look me in the eyes, so as to make my stay more pleasant and prevent such a complex review. These to me though are luxurious problems. It's not like I would call downstairs, ask for tea and it wouldn't arrive within ten minutes (although everything cost a buttload -- watch out for the costs. One one minute phone call to LA cost me ten dollars). There were many moments of excellent hospitality. And regardless of my specific disparaging remarks, The Algonquin is a charming, beautiful, comfortable hotel in a good location. Just bring a little attitude in your bag so when necessary, you can throw it back to Mr. Charming Pants at the Front Desk. Dorothy Parker would expect no less. p.s. If you make ressies on line, be careful you are not quoted one rate for one evening and another rate for another evening. I got stung that way and insisted, prior to checking in, it be changed at once. They did so, which was helpful, but keep your eye on the ball. I'm positive this is common practice amongst many hotels but it's an odd practice and the ethics of which I question.	
Jan 4 2005	Living on past reputation	My group occupied three rooms for four nights over the New Year's Eve weekend. The location of the the hotel is wonderful. There is easy access to Times Square, the theater district, Rockefeller Center and shopping on 5th Ave. The staff was quite pleasant and helpful. I was very disappointed in the size of the rooms and the bathrooms. They say on other websites that they offer rollaway beds, but even they will tell you if you call that there is not room for one in the room. Even though they just finished an extensive renovation, things still seem, well, cramped and dated. Our rooms were on three different floors and none had a view of anything but rooftop and ventilation units. The beds are quite comfortable and our rooms were quiet. I think this hotel is trying to live on the reputation of being a gathering place for long-dead famous writers many years ago. I'm all for historical significance, but it doesn't make for comfortable accomodations. I think for the money there are better values out there.	
Jan 4 2005	Comfortable NYC Stay	My wife and I recently returned from a 4-night stay at the Algonquin. Since we enjoyed reading these reviews prior to our trip, I thought I would reciprocate. We were in NYC the week prior to Christmas, a great time to be in the City.First and foremost, the Algonquin is the antithesis of the big-chain, homogenous hotel. It is a relatively small, cozy inn where the traveler is made to feel welcome and at home. All of the staff were very friendly and outgoing. We engaged several of them in lengthy conversations, especially Raul (I'm certain I have misspelled his name), the food and beverage manager. As others before me have noted, it was a pleasure to duck into the relaxing lobby of the Algonquin a long day.The hotel is conveniently located and is within easy walking distance of several well-known attractions - Times Square, Empire State Building, 5th Avenue, Central Park, Rockefeller Center, Radio City, etc. There are also two subway stations within a few blocks which made other destinations within the city accessible.Our room (708) was fairly small but was clean and very comfortable. Since the room itself was somewhat tight, the lobby bar became our hangout - plenty of tables and chairs, good food and beverages, newspapers, and high-speed wireless internet service.My only critical observation would be the price of food and beverages in the lobby bar. I may have paid more for bottled beer ($7) or a simple coctail ($14) but I don't remember when.All in all, the Algonquin was a very enjoyable stay. I would consider it for our next trip but there are many, many great alternatives.	
Jan 4 2005	Like a cozy Bed and Breakfast in NY!	I wasn't sure what exactly what we would find when we arrived. I had never booked a hotel in New York before. When I searched the web, this one seemed like our kind of place to stay. We arrived a little early to a nice welcome. We were able to check in early which, after a four hour drive, was nice that we could relax for a bit before heading out for our adventure in the city. The hotel lobby and lounge area was dim lit and very cozy. We sat there and had a glass of wine and it was romatic. Our room was about the size of an average bedroom - not real big, but very nice. The furnishings were replicas of the early 1900's. The best way to describe it - it was like being in a small town cozy Bed and Breakfast. Very peaceful because it was back off the main drag, yet only a few blocks from Times Square, Fifth Avenue, Broadway, etc. Parking was right across the street which was great. When we go back, we will definitely be staying here again. Very nice stay!	
Jan 3 2005	Ambience friendly staff nice room good bed very central	Stayed 21-26 Dec 2004. Contrary to the previous reviewer, this is a delightful central hotel that exudes ambience and history and is personal and friendly. It's like being invited into someone's gracious old home. It was always nice to return to a clean, neat room that was warm, welcoming and quiet. Room 904 to be precise. Small like most NYC hotel rooms but a comfortable bed and good night's sleep. Flat screen HD TV with plenty of channels to watch when you get in really late after tramping the streets. Highly recommend it. Also, recommend checking out the shows at BB Kings Bar and Grill in 42nd St. $15 each for a two and half hour tribute to the Beatles in a cabaret environment. Fabulous. That would cost you over $80 in Las Vegas. Carmines is a good place to eat if you like HUGE meals and good drinks. The Red Flame next door to the hotel is ideal for the quick and cheap breakfasts.	
Dec 26 2004	Loved this hotel	My son and I stayed there for five nights in December 2004.We loved the newly-renovated decor, which was very tastefully done, and we found all the staff very friendly and helpful. Our room was a good size, with a large ensuite shower and a walk-in cupboard with hanging rail and iron/ironing board and a safe.We would definitely go back, as it had the added bonus of being so central, we could walk to Times Square and many other attractions.It gets five stars from us!!	
Dec 24 2004	Tiny depressing room - horrible value	This is one of the most unpleasant hotels that I have ever stayed at. On the hotel's website, the rooms looked charming. My room was far from charming. First, the room was very small and if a hotel room is small, it needs to be intelligently designed. This one was not. The room was so small and the space so badly used that there was no place to put my suitcase other than next to the door, which meant I had to squeeze in and out of the room. The bathroom was miniscule, with no counter space and a combination tub and shower. The bed was very uncomfortable - much too soft -- and the pillows were horrible. The room was dark, overlooking an airshaft, and it didn't help that the window was covered with this strange window covering that didn't open, meaning that you couldn't raise it to let in what little light was coming from the air shaft. Also, the strange wall covering was partially transparent, so it didn't keep out all the light at night. So you had the worst of both worlds - a room that wasn't completely dark at night and a room that wasn't bright during the day.The hallways of the hotel were narrow and depressing and there were only two tiny elevators, which took forever to come.After two miserable nights at this place, I got smart and moved to the Sofitel down the street. For exactly $10 more a night than I was paying at the Algonquin, I got a room that was approximately four times the size, with a huge beautiful bathroom with separate shower and tub, with curtains that actually opened and closed and a beautiful view. The Sofitel, unlike the Algonquin, also had huge efficient elevators that came promptly. It pays to be be a smart consumer. The Algonquin is a rip-off for what is provided.	
Dec 13 2004	Very Clean Convenient and Compact	The Algonquin was recently renovated and it is a clean, quiet hotel in the middle of it all. There is a parking garage directly across the street , the reasonably priced Hippodrome. The hotel itself has small rooms but very clean with excellent bedding.  The subway is 2 blocks to the south or 3 blocks to the north. The theater district is an easy 5 minute walk as is 5th avenue. Assuming you can get a decent rate, this small hotel with a lot of history seems to be a consistently clean and well valued locale. The staff is graciously efficient, and wants to please. You can go on Edson Parking website and get a discount card for the parking if you want. I would unhesitatingly recommend the Algonquin especially if you get it under 200/night.	
Dec 12 2004	Good not Great	We stayed at the Algonquin December 9-12, 2004. Based on TripAdvisor reviews, we knew it would be expensive, but thought we would get great service. The service was good, but not outstanding. For example, we asked the conceirge for a reservation at a restraunt that did Nouveau Cuisine - she said she didn't what that was, she only knew seafood or steak. So we explained, and also said we had to get to the theatre afterwards, so please pick the restraunt. She said she would, and would have a reservation slip waiting for us. We checked in at the concerige desk later - it was someone different. She had left no record there. When the new person did find out where she had made it, it was quite a distance from the theatre district. Also, the lounge didn't seem to have enough staff. One evening we sat waiting for a drink - took quite a while for someone to notice we hadn't gotten waited on.They advertise high speed internet, which is true. What is odd is that in our room, we could use wireless at no charge. If we plugged into the 10 Base T line for a wired connection, we got a notice that it was $9.95 per day; apparently it is also free in the lobby (though we didn't actually test that). The price was quite reasonable, but it just seemed a little odd to have wireless for free, and charge for a wired connection.The staff WERE very friendly. The food in the restraunt in the hotel was OUTSTANDING, and the location is ideal. All in all, a good, not great experience.	
Dec 7 2004	A Night to remember in New York	My husband and I took the train from New Haven, CT to New York City. ($53 round trip for two.) We walked to our hotel, The Algonquin, and were warmly welcomed at the reception desk. We were on the ninth floor with a view of the street (44th) Not much to see, and the room was small, but very clean and wonderful comfortable bed and lots of hot water in the shower. They just refurbished the hotel, so it was very nice, with a plasma screen TV on the desk and verky good quality linens. We booked directly with the hotel online, and had a rate of $164 a night +tax for a total of $190, which is very reasonable for NYC. The hotel is on 44th street just 2 blocks from Times Square and Broadway....very good location.We ate lunch at the Roxie Deli on Broadway...not the greatest. Stage Deli is better, but I was amazed at how friendly and polite the hostess and waitress was. The waitress suggested that we could split a sandwich, and was very helpful...not what I remember from past visits.We ate dinner at the Hourglass Tavern on 46th between 8th and 9th. That is restaurant row. The street is filled with small restaurants of various types. We chose an Italian menu. It was a $17 price fixe pre-theater menu. It included an appetizer, a loaf of fresh bread, salad or soup, entree, dessert, and coffee. My husband had grilled salmon and I had homemade ravioli stuffed with shitaki mushrooms. It was great and so reasonable. We added a glass of wine at $5 a glass. We were delighted with the food, service and atmosphere.We went to hear Les Paul at the Iridium Club (jazz guitar) at 10:00 p.m. Reservations are necessary. It was a night to remember!! The music was great, and for those who don't know, Les Paul invented the electric guitar and was the first to use multi-tracking in recording. He is 89 years old and still plays every Monday night in the jazz club. He played until midnight, and then came out and signed autographs and posed for photos until 2:30 a.m. What an inspiration! He will be 90 in June and still has such a passion for life and music.My husband and I agreed that if we go back to NYC we will return to the Algonquin Hotel.	
Dec 5 2004	superb in every way!	We stayed at this hotel in mid-Nov., 2004. There are so many wonderful things I could say about the hotel, here are the highlights. The service was outstanding! It was just a joy and we felt so comfortable. The lobby/bar area was amazing, full of comfy wing-backed chairs, cozy tables, dark wood throughout, very tastefully done. I felt so at home. The rooms were also incredibly comfortable and clean. The pillow top mattress was great and the down comforter with high thread count sheets was an added bonus. The towels in the bathroom were oversized and very soft and the soap products they use are very nice. We had a room facing the back of the hotel which meant no view but was pin-drop quiet. The room was small but average by NYC standards. I've stayed in bigger and smaller rooms in the city. But the room was so cozy with a window bench and the new furnishings really tied the whole room together. It seemed more like a guest room then a hotel room. Also the location is top notch. It's a few blocks off the hussle of times square, just a few blocks for Roc. center and a 10 minute walk from anywhere you'd want to go in the city....shopping, central park, etc. The next time I'm in the city this will be the first hotel I look at. The price for what you get at this hotel can't be beat in NYC. Enjoy!	
Nov 23 2004 	old new york at its best	As a life long fan of the New Yorker and the famous Round table legend, I checked in for a long weekend 11/18/04 worried that after a recent renovation the Algonquin couldn't possibly live up to expectations. But it surpassed them- I loved this hotel and as much as l like to try new places, it will be hard to pry me away from here on future visits. Deliciously old fashioned in the best ways imaginable. Great, polite, accomodating service without the snooty attitude common at so many other famous places; small and intimate ambience- the doormen will remember you! ; understated and classy lobby and bar; great location. Despite recent renovation still feels like Dorothy Parker would be at home here. Yes the rooms and baths are small, but the beds are as comfortable as any ritzy resort and, after all, its New York. You aren't going to stay in your hotel room all day anyway are you?If you like modern, soulless box hotels or snotty must-be-seen places- go elsewhere. But if you want to feel a part of the living history of New York, count yourself lucky if you get to stay here-its the best!	
Nov 22 2004	It's All About The Beds.	My daughter and I just returned from a long birthday week end in NYC. We stayed at the Algonquin Hotel and absolutely loved it. The staff was wonderful, especially Kevin the concierge. Yes, the rooms are small but the beds are to die for. We couldn't wait to get into them at night and we didn't want to get out of them in the morning. The ambiance in the lobby area was very relaxing and quiet after a busy day of sight seeing. Don't forget to ask about Matilda the cat. She brought a calmness and serenity to us after returning from the hustle and bustle of NYC. We didn't see any of the other rooms but, ours did not have a tub. We had a very small shower but the water pressure was fine for such an old establishment. I highly recommend the Algonquin and I would stay there again in a New York minute!	
Nov 16 2004	Excellent Algonquin!	I stayed at The Algonquin in October for 6 nights. The room was excellent - small but immaculate. All staff were extremely polite and made you feel very welcome. The location is great if you want to visit the theatre or go shopping. I would thoroughly recommend this hotel - an excellent experience!!	
Sep 27 2004	Loved this hotel	I visited the Algonquin in September 2004 on a last minute trip to New York City with my teenage daughter. I was quoted a very reasonable rate by New York City standards. The hotel was truly great. The service was excellent, and the staff really made you feel welcome. The location is very good, near Times Square and Fifth Avenue. The room we had was a little on the small side, but it was very comfortable and the beds were great. A wonderful hotel and I would stay here again.	
Sep 20 2004	What Service	We just returned from our cruise out of New York City. We stayed at the Algoquin before our cruise are we very happy with the hotel. Very classy. The rooms were a little small, but that's not unusual for New York. The service more than made up for it. These people are great. They even offered to keep our luggage in store for us when we got back from the cruise so that we would be free to see the sights for a few hours more before our flight. I would recommend this hotel for its location and great service.	
Sep 17 2004	We just loved the Algonquin (and New York City)	Although I was born in Washington DC, this was my first visit to NYC since I was a very small child and my husband's first ever visit to the US. After much searching and surfing (including this site) we chose the Algonquin for our stay. I loved the idea of the New Yorker connection (my father used to write for the New Yorker) and a resident cat (we are cat people).Everything about the Algonquin met or exceeded our expectations. The room was charming - not large but big enough and beautifully decorated. The bed very cosy and comfortable, the bathroom beautifully done up with effective shower, nice toiletries, etc. We were at the back (on the 11th floor) so not bothered by noise - although the air conditioner took some getting used to, we're just not used to it in the UK.The 24 hr fitness centre had everything we wanted, including free weights - and a big bowl of apples, a nice touch. We got into the habit of a workout first thing before breakfast which (plus all the walking) probably accounts for the fact that neither of us put on any weight in spite of putting aside our normal healthy eating habits.We had drinks in the lobby a couple of times and also had breakfast twice (excellent, and price compares favourably with UK hotels). We also had a 'light' supper in the lobby one evening which was good value and plenty for us. (We never got used to US portion sizes).The staff were charming and helpful. Matilda was gorgeous and gracious - allowed herself to be stroked and photographed. Oh yes, and New York was pretty mind blowing too. Wonderful warm sunny September weather so we walked everywhere. Our only regret is that we had to leave . . . we have already started saving up for our next stay.	
Sep 10 2004	Charm friendly staff value and location!	What more could you ask for? The historic Algonquin Hotel is conveniently situated in mid-town Manhattan -- walking distance from Rockefeller Center, Radio City Music Hall, Central Park, Times Square/Broadway and the Empire State Building or a short subway ride to anywhere else. To top it off, the recently renovated hotel has nicely appointed rooms and friendly and attentive staff -- right down to Mathilda, the resident cat. The standard &quot;deluxe&quot; rooms are cozy (i.e. small), but it provides everything you could need, plus charm -- all at a reasonable rate (for New York City). We did not use the bar/restaurant services during our three night stay (9/5 - 9/8), but if you need an inexpensive breakfast, a few doors down the Red Flame Diner had fast and tasty service.	
Jun 30 2004	Great Hotel close to Times Square	I stayed from July 24-27th, and had a great experience at the Algonquin. This was my first visit and I had no idea what to expect at this hotel. The location is excellent. Just 1.5 blocks from Times Square and about 5 blocks south of all the shops at Rockafeller. The rooms were very nice and well decorated. Very clean and the maid service was excellent. The conceirge and bell men were very professional (even offering us sold out Madonna tickets at face value). I really like this place because it felt as if they really were happy to see you each day. Some NY hotels just try to bus you in and out like cattle, but everone at this hotel really went out of their way to make you feel comfortable. We were also told this hotel would be shut down for a complete renovation and reopen in August. We couldn't understand why because everything looked so nice and new to us. Also, someone mentioned the rooms being small....this is NYC. All hotel rooms are small in NYC unless you stay at a 5 star and pay three times as much. I will definately stay at this hotel again.	
Jun 28 2004	small rooms	Just returned from a girls weekend in NYC. Upon arrival we were a bit disappointed in the Algonquin, the rooms were very small. But the staff was outstanding. The rooms were clean. I just have to comment on &quot;Nick&quot; the conceirge. I have never been anywhere that had such an outstanding conceirge. We called in advance and told him what we wanted to do. ANd he had an extensive list of shopping and activities waiting for us when we arrived. His ideas exceeded any that our well traveled New York girlfriends had. I would stay there again. But I would prefer something with larger rooms/baths.	
Jun 15 2004	Loved it!	This hotel was perfect. The service, the location, the staff, the room...we couldn't have picked a better place to stay. We'll certainly visit again!	
Jun 13 2004	Great value	Due to its immediate proximity to my business destination and the good reviews on this site, I decided to take a chance on the Algonquin. I was not disappointed. Great value. Standard room was redone, clean and comfortable, BUT VERY SMALL. This wouldn't matter if you were going to be out and about in the city all day. However, knowing that I would be working in the room a lot over a couple of days, I decided to upgrade to a one bedroom suite. Again, very comfortable, clean and accomodations which had also been redone. Food and staff terrific. The entire ambience of the hotel - from the narrow staircase with worn marble steps to the cartoon filled wallpaper - was a nice respite from the increasingly generic choice among newer hotels, even the very nicest. They are closing at the end of this month to complete the renovations, but I will stay here again next time the location meets my needs.	
Jun 9 2004	Great stay at the Algonquin	A friend of mine and I took a girls' trip to NY without the spouses and kids to attend a trade show in May 04. We had booked a room with 2 twins and upon arrival were upgraded to a suite, room 1112. We were very surprised and appreciative - what a treat! The staff was so great, they really made us feel welcome and answered all of our touristy questions without laughing at us. I can't say enough about the location - central to all the things we wanted to see and walkable to most. The room was very nice and elegant, the lobby bar was awesome, and the staff was very welcoming. Yes, it was noisy, and I'm used to the quiet suburbs, but I really can't blame the 3AM noise on the hotel - that's just the city. I'd book a stay there again in a heartbeat.	
Jun 8 2004	Appalling Algonquin	We were supposed to be on a few days of escape together from children and responsibilities. My husband had reserved the Algonquin because of its literary connections. Our room was incredibly tiny and as hot as an oven. The bed was also very small, even for those of us who are not American, and in the heat it was intolerable to be crammed together. We did not sleep a wink. There was an air conditioning unit which actually made the room hotter, and the window gave onto an air shaft which was above the kitchen with noise and smells. When we complained in the morning the staff could not care less. They offered us another room which was a little bigger but dirty. In the end I just refused to stay a moment longer and we walked with our bags up the street until we got to the Sofitel where we got a very spacious, cool and quiet room for the same money. I do not think we ever got our money back even though we wrote a strong letter. By all means drink in the bar, if you can afford it, but do not ever think of staying here. 	
Jun 6 2004	Atmosphere 	Just returned from a 5-day stay in NYC; lodging at the Algonquin. Thoroughly enjoyed the grace of the hotel and reveled in the choice location. So close to Times Square, shopping, theaters and other key attractions (Grand Central)...even close to subways for those longer excursions (Ground Zero). Staff at Algonquin were wonderful--friendly, helpful, professional without being stiff...and Mathilda; she made missing my own kitties just a bit less difficult. So enjoyed the ambiance of the lobby for a late afternoon drink on a drizzly day or a wonderful meal with other hotel guests. I'll be back for another visit one day!	
Jun 3 2004	One of NY's best	Really this is one of the best hotels I've stayed at in NY. Great lobby, excellent staff, great bar. Location couldn't be better, well, it could be but for the location, its great. Will always return if they keep up the service and quality.	
May 17 2004	Wonderful stay at the Algonquin!	We had the pleasure of staying at the Algonquin May 14 - 16, 2004. We were in the Playbill Suite, which was decorated with framed playbills from old shows. The room was beautiful, and since it included a sofa bed the room could easily have been shared with family, another couple, etc. The famous Algonquin Cat, Matilda, was there to greet us nearly every time we went in and out of the hotel, and the staff was wonderful. Every request was met promptly by a courteous and professional staff member. We'd gladly return!	
Apr 25 2004	Elegant and warm	When I first walked into the Algonquin, I felt like I walked back in time. The setting and atmosphere was so rich and warm. The lounge area was filled with different people from all over. My wife and I were celebrating our 10 year anniversary and she thought that it was the perfect setting and adored the hotel (and the cat).Our only complaint, was the room. It looked the age the hotel is. The rooms are in great need of renovation. Despite this, the service more than made up for things. The bellstaff, to the room attendants and particularly, a young gentleman by the name of Jeremy who provided us with the type of service attention that you would not receive in other big name hotels.Anyone looking to get away from the big chain hotels and want to try a unique personalized experience, should definitely try the Algonquin.	
Apr 15 2004	Love the Algonquin!!	The 100 year old Algonquin is a treasure of old world elegance with an excellent restaurant and a warm and friendly accommodating staff in a prize location between Times Square and Fifth Avenue!We loved every minute of our stay!!!	
Mar 17 2004	How wonderful	Unlike any hotel I have stayed in--It's an oasis in the midst of the hussle and bussle of Manhattan-the charm, the convenience and the service all make the Algonquin the place to be in NYC!	
Mar 16 2004	Charming and elegant	Just returned from a lovely trip to New York. Booked the Algonquin because the friend I travelled with fancied the sound of it. Some of the reviews on here were a bit off-putting, but we were very pleasantly surprised. We booked a twin room and asked if we could possibly have a quiet one. The room was described as 'cosy' on the web site, so we had no grand expectations. As it happened we were very pleasantly surprised, the room was plenty big enough, quiet, had a lovely window seat, built in wardrobe and shower room. It was neither musty nor stale as one of the other reviews said. The staff were great, really friendly and helpful. If you prefer atmosphere and class over soul-less and sterile, then this is definitely the place for you. We also got a really good rate by booking directly from their own website.	
Feb 8 2004	stay here to live history	I stayed at the Algonquin last fall when switching up my routine from the usual large hotels in NYC. The Algonquin is not the place to go when looking for big time amenities and the hustle and bustle of the city. One has to appreciate this gem for what it really is. A historic site! You will have to contend with smallish rooms and somewhat outdated and worn interiors. To me that didn't matter as the hotel's atmosphere is one of a kind. The staff truely bends over backwards if you give them the deserved respect and I think most have worked there forever. I also got to see the house cat (forget its name) which is just another one of many traditions. The adjacent hotel bar offers stiff drinks (at equally stiff fare) mixed by bar tenders that seem to be part of the antique interior. If you are looking for a truely unique hotel with great service and don't mind a small room the Algonquin is a great place to stay during a visit to the big apple.	
Jan 21 2004	Wonderful	Wonderful hotel, excellent location, lovely, friendly staff. Would definatly stay here again!!	
Jan 4 2004	Quaint Friendly Perfect Location Delightful	Stayed at the Algonquin 12/19/03 to 12/16/03. The staff were outstanding, the lobby, bar, and dining were superior. The room was cozy, clean and charming with down pillows (at my request). A very European hotel in the center of the action in New York City. I loved it!	
Dec 18 2003	Musty and Stale.	I had high expectations since Orbitrz and Expedia had it a notch below the Plaza. It is not even close. The people there are nice and the common areas are comfortable and warm. Unfortunately the room was a disappointment. It was worn and tired, as well as musty. I prefer clean and fresh. I could see where some old blue blood might like it but not me. The decanter was full upon arrival but it was also dusty. Not very appealing. Had high expectations but its reputation is hard to live up to.	
Dec 4 2003	Loved the Algonquin.	To all those people who are planning a trip to New York, My best suggestion for a hotel stay is The Algonquin Hotel. I have never seen more of a beautiful hotel with such lovely staff especially Mike the door man, he is the nicest and kindest person you will ever meet in life. The front desk was so helpful in getting me checked in and out. I can't believe there speed and efficiency. The reservation department gave me the best rate out there helped me understand how to use there internet website and had a very friendly personality. If I had a chance to live there I would, cause the staff made it feel like I was apart of the family.	
Nov 18 2003	Disappointing - can't understand rating	Granted, the hotel has history, but trying to get a good nights sleep is a whole different story. The windows are single pane - I think they built a building next to us during the night. It was soo noisy you could hear honking and noises the entire evening. The room was tiny even for New York standards. The lampshade was actually torn and stained and looked like it belonged in a shady hotel(looked worse than a salvation army lampshade). This was evidence of how clean the overall room was with black hairs in the bathtub...yuk. The beds were small hard and uncomfortable. We changed hotels for the remainder of nights. Extremely disappointed, especially after the good reviews here.	
Nov 18 2003	Over rated and shabby	I expected the Algonquin to be a classy hotel full of charm and character. How wrong was I ! The suite I stayed in was in serious need of refurbishment, grubby carpet and grubby walls. There were two large windows in the suite but they opened up onto 3 very tall walls , I had no idea from looking out of the window what the weather was like or even what time of day it was. I found the staff - especially reception - to be offhand to the point of rudeness. Although this area of NY has apparently been 'cleaned up' over the past few years, I still found it a little on the sleazy side. Not unlike London's Soho. I definitely would not stay in this area or at this hotel again BUT I loved New York and will return next year.	
Oct 23 2003	The Great Algonquin...Like no other!!	Fantastic experience!! The service was excellent and Matilda - cat, was absolutey gorgeous!!! I just want to share with everyone that everything was perfect. My partner and I also attended Oak Room for a fabulous show - Stacie Kent was just awesome. I will definitley come back to stay at The Algonquin - you just can not find better services here than the brand name hotels. I can't wait until I go back to NYC soon!!!	
Oct 15 2003	Ab Fab!		
Sep 7 2003	disappointing but upbeat		
Aug 15 2003	Did these Other People Stay at the Same Hotel?		
Aug 10 2003	a special visit		
Apr 16 2003	New York's Very Best Hotel!		
Mar 28 2003	LOVED IT LOVED IT!!!		
Mar 9 2003	Historic and Pure NYC!		
Jan 18 2003	So Nice		
Oct 31 2002	The Algonquin is it!		
Aug 5 2002	Warm and Comfy		
Oct 23 2009 	Gran hotel con excelente ubicación		
Oct 13 2009 	??????????????		
Sep 2 2009 	????		
Aug 29 2009 	fantastica posizione... da consigliare		
Aug 29 2009 	Charme e Cortesia a New York!		
May 7 2009 	ESPERIENZA STRAORDINARIA		
Apr 21 2009 	Hotel muy bueno en un sitio inmejorable		
Feb 16 2009 	NY????????		
Jan 15 2009 	Hotel Charmant		
Nov 30 2008 	Old Style!!!!		
Aug 17 2008 	Un 10 para el Algnquin!!!!		
