	I LOVE THE POD!!!	I would totally recommend the Pod Hotel for friends!My trip do NYC was in July, for leisure, and alone. I took a single room with shared bathroom and was perfect for me, just perfect, because the room was very small, but there was only me and fit everything; and the shared bathroom is great, on my 10 days there, everytime I went to the bathroom (only two per floor, but great) was empty, I never had problems to have to wait for someone, no...and the hotel was full, but my floor was so quiet, I really love it. And the decoration is awesome, so cool, perfect for young people, but nice for everybody! The location is good and the value is really great.I have no doubts my next travel to NY I will stay on The Pod again!	
	Does what it says on the tin and loved it!!!	We booked this hotel based on the reviews on trip advisor and it did not disappoint. Excellent location; but just tucked away so its not too crazy - just walk 3-5 mins down the road and you're at Radio City Hall. The hotel itself was clean and funky and our little Pod became home for the 4 nights we were there. This is great for people wanting to stay outdoors most of the day and use it as a base to sleep and get ready. We had a double private bath which was perfect for us but I popped my head in the shared showers on our floor and it was also clean and tidy. The hotel doesnt have that tired look that so many hotels can have no matter how nice or clean - i just hope they keep it updated and maintained. It felt safe and comfortable enough that as a girl i would be happy to stay here on my own. For breakfast we recommend the Morning Star Diner - when you come out of the hotel turn right and then right again (on 2nd) and its just there. Really cheap and friendly and a proper diner experience (which is what we were looking for). Overall a great hotel; just what we were looking for; cheap, safe, funky, good location, clean rooms and bathrooms with a safe. Would we go there again??? YES wihout a doubt!	
	funky and good value	I have just returned from a short stay at the The Pod Hotel nyc. Although the hotel is funcky but basic it's great value and location make up any short comings. I booked there largest room Queen with bath which is pretty tiny but when your out and about its fine. Staff were great and helpful the room and bath were clean. There are out side spaces to sit a garden patio and a roof garden... needs some sorting out but good fun. Great for groups and singles who are out and about.	
Nov 24 2009 	Everything I expected and a touch more.	I stayed at The Pod Hotel with my business partner while in NY for a few days for a conference. We stayed in one of the bunk bed rooms on a lark (and because every other room in the city with 2 beds seemed to be $500 and up) and found it worked quite well. This hotel is exactly what it seems to be:Pros:* Super inexpensive* Great location in midtown* Friendly &amp; helpful staff* Clean - both in aesthetic and cleanliness of facilities Cons:* Very small rooms* Very small bathrooms* Wi-fi wasn't available on the roof deckI would absolutely stay again and found the $300 plus I saved each night helps make a trip to New York that much better since you can use those savings to enjoy everything New York offers.	
Nov 21 2009 	Pod Hotel NYC	Great budget hotel - completely refurbished. Shared bathrooms but they were excellent with great overhead showers. Rooms with flatscreen tv &amp; ipod docking speaker things, hairdryers - basic but superb value for money	
Nov 20 2009 	Nice	Very small but really nice and clean, also strategically situated for tourists!	
Nov 15 2009 	Fantastically tiny	We stayed here from 6th to 9th November 2009 and was booked based on the reviews posted on Tripadvisor. Our room was a double which had a shower and toilet. They really make the best of the space available and on the basis we were just sleeping in the hotel it was perfect. The room was small but was very practical and very clean. It is very central, close to Grand Central and Rockefeller Centre. Staff were excellent, had self imposed issue with the safe and the engineer was really helpful. If you are looking for a clean, no frills hotel (no - bar, restaurant, gym) I would recommend The Pod.	
Nov 15 2009 	Stealing !!!!	Well, before a horrible theft on the day before we were leaving we quite enjoyed our stay !! the best thing about it is the location. The rooms are very small though- we opted for a double, the bathroom is basically in the same room-very strange !!So it was a good stay, appart from when our shopping bag got solen from our room. We left for breakfast one morning, and came back within the hour (in which the cleaner had cleaned our room) and the bag was gone. Very horrible after shopping and it did ruin our last day/night. Do not know if it was the cleaner who took it or someone came in to our room when she cleaned, but management were horrible and dealt with the situation badly which did spoil out trip.Do not know if i can recommend it really because you do pay quite a bit for such a small room, and you would expect with this price a safe and secure room. Use the safe like we did with valuables, but there is no room for bags etc.You have been warned	
Nov 15 2009 	Nice and clean hotel	The Pod is a great alternative if you would like a cheap and clean hotel.I stayed in one of the rooms with bunk bed and shared bath. The room was little but very functional and not at least clean ;) The location is good with a metro stop just around the corner.	
Nov 7 2009 	Very happy Clean and great location	The pod was neat and tidy, the rooms were small but practical. The location was great, subway up the road and a long but nice walk to central park. We had the bunk beds which was great for two single travellers as you could watch your own TV without disturbing the other. The shared bathrooms were very neat and tidy.If you want to save money and stay somewhere welcoming and clean this is your place.	
Nov 7 2009 	great location cool place low budget	its a great place especially for younger travellers, about 10 min from times square and the un, in every room theres a docking station for ipods, nice and helpful staff, great people	
Nov 7 2009 	Way too small for more than a few nights	The hotel was really well located and very clean but if sharing with a friend for more than a night or two it is too small. It can be very claustrophobic and noisy.	
Nov 6 2009 	Good for travelling duos	This place is great! Free wifi and a friendly atmosphere, combined with gorgeous little rooms in a good central location. The bathrooms were clean and abundant. I was in a bunk room and would highly recommend it to friends travelling who like privacy securlty and still don't need to spend too much!!! (Just don't bother trying to use the lifts from the floors. From the lobby was fine)	
Nov 6 2009 	Great location cosy and clean	I spent two nights at the Pod Hotel and enjoyed it immensely. The atmosphere is cosy and welcoming, and although the rooms are tiny, the space is very well organized. The place is spotless clean and the people at the desk and concierge are very helpful. The area is packed with restaurants, starting from the hotel's own Le Bateau Ivre, right next door.I would definitely go back.	
Nov 5 2009 	Recommend it highly	I stayed with a friend in a bunk room for two weeks. While small, the room was always cleaned and tidied each day. The shared bathrooms were also always clean. All staff were friendly and helpful. It's in a great location close to the subway and very reasonably priced. I will be recommending the Pod to anyone I know travelling to New York.	
Nov 2 2009 	Interesting experience	Visited NYC this past weekend to attend the Village Halloween Parade &amp; NYC Marathon. The POD was a very unique and interesting experience. Different than most U S Hotels. It's very inexpensive compared to other hotels, bare bones, comfortable, extremely clean: rooms and shared bathrooms, employees were both friendly and helpful. Good location in Midtown with easy access anywhere in Manhattan. I was really impressed with the hotel's cleanliness!!!	
Nov 1 2009 	Fab!	Arrived on an early flight but my room was ready which was great. Very small but functional single room - bathroom was right next door. There were four on the floor and I never waited once. The lights in the room indicate which is available anyway, so no lining up outside in your PJs! Some bathrooms were bigger than others, but once you know that you can choose which you use! Bed wasn't that comfy, but did the job - that's my only criticism. Roof garden was nice, but it was raining for most of my visit so had a look but never sat up there. Friendly staff, very clean and modern looking. On day of check-out they stored my bags until late that evening with no problems at all. I was a buit cheeky and even used the bathroom to get changed before my overnight flight home! Conveneient location for the subway (line 6 local trains - one stop from Grand Central for the express lines, also lines E/V a couple of blocks away). Would happily stay again in the future.	
Oct 31 2009 	The Pod is a great option for those on a budget!	I booked a room with my own bathroom. It was small, but clean and the space was well thought out. I had a decent view from my room and I liked that the window opened. The rooftop was very cool, so make sure you check it out.. I would stay here again! My only complaint was the bed and pillows were not that comfortable. Also, no full length mirror or iron in the room.	
Oct 30 2009 	You will love The pod	We were staying at The pod in october 2009 for 10 days. Check in was peformed in 2 minutes, the room was ready and we've got all the info we needed at that time. Room (double pod) is small but it's structured in a smart way. You'll probably have some problems with the luggage and stuff you'll buy there, but if you put them under your bed etc it's fine. The shower room inside is just amazing with the glass wall and it's unique form. Internet works perfectly, the staff is very friendly, the location is very good. You'll have a 15min walk to Times Square, subway is just a step away and we loved the thai restaurant (Thai 51) just next to the hotel.I recommend you this hotel because it's modern and you'll have everything you need in such an amazing town as Ny.	
Oct 25 2009 	Wrong attitude	On arrival at The Pod I was greeted with rude and obnoxious staff.At no point did I feel welcome or comfortable.Check in staff told me I hadn't made a reservation, which I had done one week prior.Fifteen minutes later they discovered I had booked but no apology was made.Due to the uncomfortable atmosphere I decided to spend as little time at the hotel as possible, but even that wasn't enough to avoid further confrontation.At the end of my stay I asked a staff member to order me a cab to get to the airport. I had already purchased a return cab fare but the staff member told me I owed him $20. When I told him I had already paid for a return fare he abused me saying I should have told him sooner. The disgraceful attitude by staff at The Pod was unnecessary and unfair. I never saw them smile, go out of their way for their customers or even tell them to have a nice stay - a service that should have been free!!	
Oct 25 2009 	POD HOTEL NY	Hi, I travel allot as part of my business, and I got stuck without a hotel in new york, and booked online (easyclicktravel). The hotel was very very simple, but the location was AMAZING, and the rooms were really comfy. Staff also good, they helped me get around. I would say I recommend.	
Oct 22 2009 	bad attitude	I have stayed before &amp; was very impressed, however the most recent visit was terrible. All bookings were made through a travel agent, however on arrival we were told they have not reserved the two doubles as it is advertised, but they had put us in one double bed. At no point were the staff helpful to resolve the problem, and the manager by far was the most difficult. So that we were not required to pay additional we took a down grade to bunks &amp; shared bathroom. It has taken 3 months for the hotel to agree with the wholesaler to a refund for the difference for the down grade. The internet was unreliable.I like the location &amp; the hotel itself is a good idea, but this was enough to not recommend or stay in again. I would not recommend this hotel.	
Oct 19 2009 	Good hotels come in smaill packages.	This hotel was excellent, room was small but I knew it would be, everything worked. Loved the cleaness, the shared bathrooms were spotless, the shower was brillant and the water stayed the same temp. The lobby is funky and hip. The Staff were nice and the roof has great views. It is also in a lovely spot in Midtown and has lots of lovely bars and places to eat around it. Will be back to it again.	
Oct 18 2009 	cosy clean and comfortable!!	Whilst planning for a holiday to NY with 3 of my gfs, we were overwhelmed with the choices of hotels available. We stumbled upon the pod hotel after much research and decided to give it a shot as it appeared trendy and fell right into our budget range. Our stay was lovely, as the pod lived up to its reputation and delivered as promise. it was trendy, funky yet cosy and comfortable. more importantly it was clean and central in location. The bathroom was a lil small but it was also very convenient to have some communial bathrooms in the hallway and more impressively it was very clean at all times.Pod was just perfect for our lil getaway and we had a fantastic stay there.	
Oct 16 2009 	Fresh clean great location calm area good value.	I stayed at the Pod hotel together with a friend in May 2009. We took the bunk with shared bathroom. My biggest concern before we arrived was the shared bathroom, having experienced youth hostels with shared wc i was afraid it would be dirty and nasty. But we were so shocked, as in pleasently shocked at how clean it was. The bathrooms feels very modern and rather stylish - they even have cool music on low volume, and it was perfectly clean every time i needed to use it, almost as if somebody stepped in and cleaned it between every visitor! Although they were shared, we never had to stand in line. The rooms were smaller than i had imagined, but efficient. We brought one cabine bag each and there was enough space to hang up jackets, blazer etc in the room. The service was good. The beds are ok, and each bed has a flat tv screen at the foot end! The location was great and just what we were looking for, it's right in Midtown East, with walking distance to Central Park, 5th Ave etc.. the area is calm for being Manhattan and feels safe. There are several pubs, cafés and cool bars just around the corner. We didn't experience any disturbing noises from outside at night. Also, the hotel has a roof terrace which is a nice bonus. There is a subway station just a block away. The only negative thing i can think is the elevator which is rather slooow... other than that, this is a very nice hotel which its own touch indeed!	
Oct 13 2009 	Great little hotel - excellent location	We stayed in a double room which was a tiny bit small for 2 big people but we knew that would be the case after reading some reviews. Rooms always kept very clean. Modern bathroom, furniture etc. The location is fantastic for tourists. Smack in the middle of everything with some great little restaurants next door.	
Oct 13 2009 	what we expected	The Pod is just like we expected. The photos you see on the website are absolutly real. The rooms are tiny but efficient. It is very clean and clear. The lobby is very nice and comfortable. There is no frill on service but it is courteous. The location is very great, just in the center of Manhattan. There is 2 down sides: 1- The elevator. Only one elevator was working and it is slow and tiny. 2- The noise: the doors slam with alot of noise and it can be disturbing in the middle of the night.All in all, I would recommand this place to young people or those that don't need the service of an hotel. For my part I would stay there again if it is for a short stay, not more than 3 days. For a longer stay I will appreciate more space in the room.	
Oct 11 2009 	Pod Hotel: great value great location	Me and my girlfriend stayed in The Pod Hotel in early October 09. I had read a lot of favourable reviews and it definitely lived up to expectations. The rooms were small (the name &quot;Pod&quot; should be a bit of a giveaway!) but they were really well designed so didn't feel at all cramped. Plus they were clean and the bed was really comfortable. I had been worried about the bed being too small but it was fine. The staff were pleasant enough (not amazing, but certainly not rude) and the cleaners did a great job of the room every morning. The 15th-storey roof terrace was a nice little bonus.But the best aspect of this hotel was the location. Right in Midtown East, it is exactly what we wanted from New York. I had never been before so didn't know what to expect but the location was ideal - surrounded by towering skyscrapers, a short walk to 5th Avenue, Grand Central Station and the Chrysler Building. Plus the transport locations were really good, with a subway station nearby.The area felt safe at any time of the day and night (we caught the subway home at 4am without any worries).I would recommend this hotel to anyone and would definitely go back.	
Oct 9 2009 	Very Good Value	We stayed at 'The Pod hotel' for three nights from Friday September 11th till Monday 14th September. When we first walked into the hotel, the lobby is very clean, bright and bigger than I expected. The staff were very friendly and helpful. Our room was very small, which we expected (we had the bunk bed room with no bathroom). The room was very clean and nice. Our room had a adjustable LCD TV, sink, wardrobe and lights telling you when people are in the bathrooms. We were mostly worried about the state of the shared bathrooms I imagined them being really busy and dirty but this is far from the truth. When we arrived, we were shocked how nice they actually were. They were big, marble/tiled, and spotlessly clean with soap and shampoo dispensers. Absolutely Perfect!! Don’t be put off just because they are shared. We were worried but you honestly have nothing to worry about :) For the extra money I wouldn’t bother paying for your own bathroom.For the money compared to other hotels in New York. The Pod Hotel is great Value and is only a ten minute walk from the Rockerfeller Centre which is near all the main attractions.The only problem was that the lifts were slow and only one of three was working.I would defiantly stay at the pod again. £90 a night is a bargain	
Oct 9 2009 	Excellent location really friendly staff would stay there again!	Really enjoyed styaing in this hotel. Close to all major attractions.. not far from Fifth avenue, times square. Very modern and ideal if your visiting New York on a budget!	
Oct 8 2009 	Simple and perfect for our needs	When we travel we look for good locations, ease, and affordability. I thought The Pod Hotel was perfect for us. It's located in a great place, a block and a half from the subway. There rooms were simple and clean. We went with a bunk bed room just so we would have enough room and it was perfect. The showers and bathrooms were clean and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay. We aren't the type to hang out in the hotel so the small rooms made no difference to us, we were there to see the city, not the inside of our hotel room :] so The Pod Hotel was perfect!	
Oct 8 2009 	friendly staff clean accomodations	great for just one night, very compact rooms, sometimes sharing restrooms with others.Location great for walking to midtown Manhattan and west side of NYC areas of interest	
Oct 5 2009 	Lovely Hotel	I stayed in this hotel during July with my cousin. I booked a bunk room fro the two of us. The room was small but for the price that we paid it was really great. Its a very compact room where the space is used to its best. There was a small sink and enclave to hang clothes. Each bed also has a 10&quot; tv. The rooms were cleaned each day and its was relatively quiet. Luckily we were close to the bathrooms so we could just nip out when they where free. We never had to wait any length of time for the bathroom to become free. The hotel is around a 15minute walk to times Square and about 5 minutes to the nearest Subway station. There are plenty of pubs and restaurants along 2nd avenue, we would recommend The Pig and Whistle, the staff were lovely there and the bar food is great.	
Oct 5 2009 	Superb Value	Best value hotel in NYC!Service was fairly non-existant but the hotel is super funky and perfect for young people like myself! Check out the roof terrace, great views up there!With walkin distance of or major landmarks and attractions/shops/restaurants.If I ever go back to NYC I will be staying at the Pod!	
Oct 5 2009 	Great place when you're on a budget	Traveling with 2 students it is always hard to find a great place that isn't too expensive. This time we picked the pod hotel, because the website gave us a good feeling about the hotel and the reviews on tripadvisor were good. We've been to london once and stayed in a similar hotel that doesn't cost too much, so we kinda knew what we could expect. The rooms aren't big, but we knew that before we came so that wasn't a surprise . What is important, is that everything is clean and it was! Even the 4 bathrooms in the hall were perfect. I never wanted to take another bathroom because one was messy or something. Everything was great. We had a blast in this hotel. It is trendy and having breakfast in the garden is a real good day starter. I must that we booked the bunk bedroom and i would understand if some couples wouldn't enjoy sleeping in a bunk when they're on holiday. For us it wasn't a problem, especialy when we saw we both had our own tv in our bunk! The rooms were cleaned every day, we got clean towels every day and our bed were made. The location is perfect, it is a nice neighbourhood and there are some nice restaurants in the same street (Especially the sushi there is great !!!) Next time we definately would go there a second time! When you realise that it isn't super expensive for new york terms, so you don't get a suite, it is perfect!	
Oct 4 2009 	Tiny but nice rooms. Great location.	This hotel is funky and modern. Located in the Upper East side of NYC, close to the Subway. The rooms are tiny (hardly any space for luggage), but nicely furnished (there's even a hi-fi where you can connect your iPod). We had a double ensuite room (ridiculously small bathroom, not recommended if you don't know your travelling partner very well...), but rooms with shared bathroom are also available and the shared bathrooms are the best I have ever seen, stylish and super clean. No breakfast, no restaurant. Free wifi connection. Great rooftop where you can admire the skyline of NY. Not for the claustrophobic, but I would recommend it (it's not dead cheap, but considering it is NYC, its great location and its good standard, I would say it's the best value for money option I found).	
Sep 29 2009 	Excellent Value for Money - for the non picky!	My first two times in New York were with my mother so we paid a little extra for kitchens, bathrooms etc. This time it was just me and my boyfriend so we didnt need to be so picky. I went with the Pod after reading the reviews and after a little research figured we were getting a bargin. Which we did! We opted for a bunk room and went with shared bathrooms. From the reviews I was expecting no room to move but with the beds there was also a desk, storage space and a sink with towels, tissues etc. It was very well laid out and very clean. The light indicators to show you which bathrooms were in use is very handy and on our floor every bathroom had a toliet and a shower. I was expecting bare minimum and had brought towels, shampoo and shower gel all of which were provided. The staff were very friendly and helped us arrange transport to the airport. If you are expecting all the little things that come with 3 or 4 star hotels you will be disappointed. If you recognise a bargin and are happy to stay some place clean and cool, go for the Pod.	
Sep 27 2009 	Excellent I love this place !	Stayed here for the first time in October 07 so when I returned to New York this April, it was the natural choice. Small but clean modern room with air con, safe and personal tv. The whole place has a funky feel to it and really adds to the buzz of being in New York. Well located for major attractions and well serviced locally, bars, food, banks etc. If you stay here then check out the rooftop terrace and do cross the road and soak up some tranquility in the small but beautiful Greenacre Park.	
Sep 20 2009 	Good option for a budget travel	I have stayed at this hotel in november 2008. It's a nice hotel. Simple but funcional.The building is relatively new, clean and well conserved. It's close to a subway sation, in a quite neighborhood. You can walk for the most famous New York sights. There's various restaurants, fast food and other facilities in the vicinity.The only problem is the siza of the room. Really small but kind of hip and well projected. Besides, you are not in New York to stay stucked in your room.	
Sep 14 2009 	Great for the lone traveller though noisy	If you can put up with a small room and sharing a washroom (no problem in my books), then this hotel could be for you. The rooms are small, but very well designed and laid out. The shared washroom was no problem at all. There was never a time when I couldn't use a washroom when I wanted to, and they were always clean and ready to use. I also didn't &quot;awkwardly&quot; encounter another customer wrapped in a towel enroute to the washroom at the same time as me either :) The lobby, hallways, and rooms are all very modern. My only issue with my stay was that the door to my room provided very poor sound insulation, and consequently, I could hear everything (even a normal conversation), easily (not fun at 4 a.m.). Other than that, a great stay at this hotel.	
Sep 11 2009 	The Pod Is Cute and Cozy!	Small room - obviously it's a Pod! They do their utmost to make use out of the space. There is a small closet with an in room safe, there are drawers under the bed to be used as a dresser. There is also a small desk, flat screen tv with full cable, and free wifi that was fast enough to use for internet and email. The in-room bathroom was nice, small but well appointed. Nice big shower head with good water pressure. I could see if you were really tall that it could be a challenge using the toilet in this room. If you were wanting a more social scene you could hang out on the roof top patio area. We were really tired from sight seeing so we only hung out there briefly but it had a cool view and there seemed to be lots of socializing going on. The service was excellent no complaints there. Stay here it's a decent area close to the subway and restaurants and bars.	
Sep 10 2009 	Funky small and close to cool stuff	The best thing I can say about this hotel/hostel that it was close to a lot of cool stuff which was important for me because I was sight seeing. We arrived at 7am and normally they don't check people in til 3pm but we got our room right away. It was tiny with bunk beds, a place to hang your clothes, a sink and an ipod docking station (which I thought was pretty cool/unique).It was 300$ CND for 2 nights which was actually one of the cheapest hotels we could find that wasn't gross looking or in the middle of nowhere. But it's a lot just for a place to sleep.There was a concierge at the main floor that was friendly and answered our questions.Only one out of the 3 elevators worked which normally would be ok but we were on the 12th floor. We usually took the stairs down but they make you dizzy!Patio was beautiful and rooftop was something to do at night although it wasn't lit.Overall I think if we did more research and booked further in advance we could have gotten a better deal somewhere else. Overpriced just like everything in NYC!	
Sep 8 2009 	Fantastic	We stayed here in December 2008 and I have not got a bad thing to say. The location is fantastic; within walking distance of so many places and there is also a subway very close. Yes the rooms are very small but they are clean and its not like you are going to spend much time in your room when you are in the middle of New York. We had a private bathroom but if I stayed there again I would probably go for the shared as there is an excellent system in place and they always appeared very clean.I would definately stay here again, it was clean, close to so many places and very reasonably priced for its location.	
Sep 6 2009 	Innovative neat- but not for travellers with a lot of luggage	My husband and I stayed here for one night, as a stop-over between Caribbean and Europe. Thankfully, the check-in was very quick and effective when we arrived at 2 am in the morning. Loved the concept of the hotel: This is a place to take a shower, and sleep; not for hanging ut in your room. Well itt is not a &quot;hotel&quot; as such- more of a stylish hostel. Yes, the room was tiny, and I wouldn`t recommend it if you a have a few sizeable suitcases..! The location was superb. Just walk out the door, and you`re right in the middle of it!	
Aug 30 2009 	Love this place! No frills but great for someone on a budget!	Folks, it's called the POD hotel. It is tiny and compact, yes, and there's no breakfast, and you shouldn't expect to do much more than sleep there! As someone who has traveled to Manhattan on a tight budget twice and stayed here both times (January and August 2007), I recommend this hotel very highly. It helped that the hotel had been very recently renovated when I first went - it was extraordinarily clean. I just loved the fashionable shower in my room and the iPod alarm clock! The second time, I stayed in a room with a shared bathroom; the room was clean but not as shiny-clean as my first room in January, and the bathroom was reasonably clean. I only used the bathroom to take one shower, as I only stayed one night.The room was serviced without fail during my first stay, which lasted five days. My initial request for an extra blanket was answered promptly. The free wireless worked well both times. I ate breakfast every morning at the Pax down the street. Overall, this place is no-frills and ideal for a person on a tight budget who doesn't want to sacrifice cleanliness or basic comfort.	
Aug 29 2009 	Fair location - very bad service and low quality of accommodations - should be called hostel rather than hotel	The hotel's location is really close to a subway station and it is only a fifteen minutes walk to the Times Square area. We had some issues with this hotel as they had apparently cancelled our reservation. I had called them in advance in order to let them know that we will arrive some time during the night/early morning and that they should make sure that we are not considered a no-show for not arriving before midnight. When we arrived early morning at the hotel (we actually arrived at 7 am and not, as planned, at 5 am) there was no &quot;welcome to the Pod Hotel&quot; or anything like that. During check-in it turned out that they had obviously given away our room to somebody else and have thus earned twice the money with the same room. We did however get a room immediately but the front desk manager was very unfriendly and gave us the feeling that we made a mistake and that we should actually be happy to get a room at all because we didn't show up the day before. We found his behaviour very unprofessional and inapropriate and it left us with the impression that he is not aware of the effect the first impression has on the overall experience. It would have seemd reasonable to me that the hotel maybe reimbursde us for the one night that we actually didn't stay at the hotel (which they sold a second time) and in any good standard hotel the attentive front staff employee would have given us at least complimentary breakfast or something.There were only 2 very small and slow elevators for 14 floors because one was serviced during our stay. The corridors are narrow and not well lit and (at least on our floor) there was a moldy and dingy smell. Our air-condition did not work but the night clerk (a red-haired guy who was very friendly) gave us another room immediately.The rooms are very small and it felt like a small cabin on a cruise ship.The price that we paid was (borderline) ok. What was really irritating in this hotel was the lack of service and the absence of hospitality. It should rather be called hostel than hotel. It is just not a place where you feel comfortable in the room and can spend hours just at the hotel.The wireless network did not work during our stay. Given their good location they could make more of it by enhancing the service quality. The rooms are small but the beds are comfortable and if they improve their hospitality standards it could become a decent place to stay.	
Aug 26 2009 	Compact but smart	Great hotel, has everything you need. The room I stayed in had shared bathrooms with 4 other rooms on the floor, but I never had to wait or queue for a bathroom once and they were spotless. There were a choice of 3 different bathrooms and you could check from the bedrooms whether they were occupied or not. The hotel is very compact (felt a bit like being in a cabin on a ship) but I would definately stay there again. Fantastic roof garden - worth checking out. Great location, one block from subway.	
Aug 21 2009 	Small but hip.	The Pod Hotel was a great place to stay in NYC. The hotel is stylish, and hip. It is located in Midtown and is just two blocks from the Lexington Avenue / 53rd Street Subway station. The rooms, or pods, are small, but they are sufficient. Everything is clean and well maintained. Not all of the rooms have their own bathrooms, however mine did. I found the &quot;bathroom&quot; to be odd. The shower stall was enclosed in clear glass, meaning that whenever anyone showers all can be seen. Keep in mind that the shower is in the room on one side, not in an enclosed room. The staff was nice, and helpful. This is the perfect place if you want to get close to your lover.	
Aug 18 2009 	Good affordable choice in midtown	I stayed in single shared bathrooms on my way back through NYC - after a disastrous stay at another hotel downtown earlier this summer. It was clean and a good 2 or 3 steps up from a hostel. The room was comfortable and clean - it felt very modern and very Ikea, and unlike a hostel it has a flat screen tv over the bed and a great light system that shows you which bathrooms are available from inside your room.The location is good - a few blocks east from Rockefeller Center in business center of midtown manhattan, though it was a long subway ride downtown where the good bars and restaurants are (Greenwich Village).The Pod has a good lobby with helpful front desk and concierge and a small courtyard with breakfast.	
Aug 15 2009 	Nice but not outstanding. :(	Please understand that my husband and I travel quite a bit. This is our 3rd trip to Manhattan this year. We've also traveled to Milan, Italy and Las Vegas during this spring. To be honest, this has also been a slow year of traveling for us.I decided to try the Pod Hotel after reading about the hotel in magazines, Yelp.com, and Tripadvisor.com. We stayed for 3 days and 2 night. We had a queen-sized room with a private bath.The hotel is is modern and trendy.Our 1st impression about the room, was &quot;AWESOME !!!!&quot;. We were instantly reminded of our trips to Europe. The room was minuscule. The bathroom was tiny. But the room was stylish, well-designed, and clean.However, 3 things prevent me from giving this hotel a 5-star rating:1. Internet never worked: I unsuccessfully called the hotel's technical support 3x during our stay. The hotel's wireless router was rebooted several times. We could never stay connected to the internet for more than a few minutes. This issue also happened after midnight. :( Yes, even on vacation, we need the internet to find parks, restaurants, subway-routes, etc. :)2. Two of the 3 elevators did not work.3. Our room did not have an iron or an ironing boardIf we were staying in Queens or Brooklyn, we'd just suck it up and not say anything. :) Buuuutttttttt...The Pod Hotel is in Manhattan. :( I hoped that the elevators and the wi-fi would be fixed during our stay.IMHO, this hotel is good for folks who:1. are looking for a budget hotel in a nice neighborhood2. don't need internet3. have stayed in European hotels4. travel lightlyThis hotel may be unsuitable for folks who:1. need internet2. have a lot of luggage3. travel with their family. You may need to rent two rooms, since there is no room for a folding bed.4. slightly claustrophobic5. are very obese. The bathroom will be an very tight fit for anyone who cannot comfortably sit in a seat on an airplane.	
Aug 15 2009 	Odd Pod was perfect for family	We stayed in one of the townhouse pods &quot;an odd pod&quot; as they say. It was very roomy for my husband, child and myself with a queen bed and a twin with trundle. I liked that the room had a little area with the twin bed/trundle with a child size table with two small bean bag cube chairs. It was as if my daughter had her own little room (no door though). The room had a large standard hotel bathroom with tub/shower and a door for privacy as opposed to the other Pod rooms that I read about.There was a large desk that was maybe 5 feet long with plenty of light and electrical plugs. I had no problem getting wifi and getting a little work done here. Only one time I couldn't get a wifi connection so I went down to the comfortable lobby. In the room there was also a closet with iron and ironing board and safe. The safe never worked and I think it was missing a battery. I forgot to report it. There was a large flat screen Tv on the wall that was visible from all the beds.The townhouse rooms are in a separate building and it is a walk up a narrow and steep set of stairs. Ours overlooked the back courtyard and was very quiet. We could observe the many people eating breakfast in the courtyard each morning from one of the three windows in the room. The hotel is located in a great area close to many restaurants on 2nd Street and a great take out or picnic supply store on 3rd (or was it Lex?) and E 51st called Allure. We thought about getting breakfast to go one morning and sitting in the little park across from the hotel next to the synagogue, but never got to do it. Maybe next time. There was a great Belgian restaurant, appropriately called BXL, that was just a few doors to your left as you exit the Pod. One night they had a great $20 all you can eat mussels special including one Stella Artois beer. Not bad deal for NYC or anywhere.We usually stay closer to Times Square in a fancier hotel, but for the price and size of the room for 3 people this was a great choice. Our favorite Times Square hotel wanted to charge us about another $150 per night for having a third person!  At first I thought the location was a little far from everything, but once we discovered the great restaurants on 2nd Street we were hooked. We ate breakfast once at the Pod, once at Allure (tables upstairs) and then everyday at the diner on 2nd called Morningstar. One of our favorite dinner was at Lasagna on 2nd and we ran into a nice German couple from the hotel there. They were happy with the restaurant as well.I think families with small kids would feel comfortable here. Just make sure you are okay walking up and down narrow stairs as that is the only way up to the townhouse pods. At least you don't have to deal with the slow elevators I read about in the main building. They had great bellmen to haul your luggage up the stairs. We loved Rafael and Marco. Very happy employees.	
Aug 13 2009 	Wow!	This room was great. We are two adult females that did not want to share a bed. The beds were extremely comfortable. I liked that there is the light in the room to indicate if the bathroom was occupied. There was never a problem getting in. We stayed on the second floor , the bathrooms were extremely small. I checked out the bathrooms on the other floors &amp; the were gigantic compared to the ones we had to use. My suggestion would be to walk up a flight and use the showers on the third floor. The area was a great location. If there was WiFi it did not work. There is no Roof top lounge as indicated on the websiteOn another note I'm not sure if the wine bar is connected to the hotel, but that was so not worth going patronizing. The service was horrible, you could hardly even get a drink.	
Aug 8 2009 	Smelly room hot room nice room... third time lucky	I just got back from staying at the Pod for four nights. It was fine, but nothing better. If you are AT ALL claustrophobic, or enjoy being able to walk around the bed in your hotel room, without having to crawl over it because there is a suitcase in the room, its not for you.Our first room (a double with a bathroom cubicle) smelled strongly of damp and made us feel like we weren't clean after taking showers. Note: don't share a room with someone you are not 100% comfortable with seeing (and hearing) you shower and use the toilet... the bathrooms are glass-walled and there is zero privacy; though there are additional showers and toilets in the halls. After the second night, we asked to change rooms as the smell was overpowering. The second room smelled fine, but the air conditioner was broken and the room was hotter than hell. They had fixed a little replacement one to the window, but that sounded like a jet engine in the room so would not have made for sound sleep. We called the front desk again and after sending the hotel handy man up to take a look, they finally agreed to give us a Queen room (that was both cool and odour-free). That room was absolutely fine, so my advice would be to push the boat out a little and spend the extra on a Queen. The Pod is fine, and good for the budget-conscious (which we are) but it not THAT much cheaper than other hotels in Manhattan that have space, privacy and basic comforts. Pro: the free wifi. Con: the elevators are a joke, if you need to be somewhere in a hurry, allow an extra ten minutes to leave the building.	
Aug 5 2009 	small but perfect	staying here for 2 nights before my return to Sydney I found the hotel to be just what it should be, I had a single pod which meant shared bathrooms. Never being a fan of Hostel type accomodation it was purely a budget choice for me but what a lovely suprise. I adored this hotel and it really was perfect. Not once was their an issue with the bathrooms. A light goes on in your room if they are occupied. They were spotless and well appointed. My room had a little desk and corner window and the bed was firm and comfortable. The staff were lovely and the location was fabulous. Less than a minutes walk to the subway and no more than 10 mins walk to Central Park. There is a McDonalds close by as well as a great little deli with easy meals. I would definately return and look forward to doing so soon.	
Aug 5 2009 	Great place solo or for couples	I loved the rooms, but I like ikea. The rooms were small and very well arranged to get the most out of them. For me it felt like a romantic place to stay. No frills, but very nice. The see-through shower would prove awkward for those without romantic involvement. I don't suggest it for business partners, but worked well for me and my wife.We love walking, so the location was close to everything we wanted. The metro line was close and a taxi could zip you to any location walking or the line didn't get you.Right around the corner was a great bagle shop, and along 2nd street we found lots or places to eat. Somewhere nearby was the single best Indian buffet we have ever had! My wife has been to over 20 countries- so that's saying something!All in all we loved our stay. We did check out the shared bath rooms and they were very clean and nice. Next time, if we have to savce on cash, we might go that route.If you drive, make sure to park in the lot they suggest and have them stamp your ticket. It will save you quite a bit.	
Aug 3 2009 	Fit the budget	Great location, great last minute deal. Hotel room in tiny but clean. There must have been several College aged people on the same floor as it was quite noisy after midnight for a few hours on the first night. Fora cheap stay its great but don't think about a romantic weekend here.	
Aug 2 2009 	Small and efficient	Excellent location in mid-town Manhattan, 2 blocks from métro Lexington , easy access by E train from JFK. Walk to every where. I had room 830, very clean, efficiently furnished. Room looks over AC turbines making impossible to open window as the noise is intolerable. 4 very clean bath-room-showers are on this floor and there 4 lights in the room to indicate which one are occupied.Housekeeping staff is friendly, the check-in staff so-so. It depends on the time of the day It is a non-smoking hotel and that's a great thing, however the hotel allows the smokers to smoke right in front of the entry doors therefore you often have to walk in a thick cloud of smoke, when I mentionned that in NYC the law is that smokers must smoke 15 feet from any doorway, the bellman shrugged and told me &quot; What ya gonna do, they have to smoke somewhere&quot;.I did not try the breakfast. I don't think it's free ?Hotel has 3 elevators, mostly only one working , makes for very long wait and very crowded rides as the elevator is very small.Still, for lower budget person, go ahead and stay at the Pod hotel. During my one week stay it was mostly non US visitors staying.Micheline Seattle	
Aug 2 2009 	Perfect for budget conscious travelers	If you are looking for any of the following: spacious, luxurious, roomy, quaint, or charming -- this is NOT the hotel for you.BUT -- if you, like us, are seeking a well situated base from which to explore the city...and you don't much care about the room so long as it is is clean and safe, then The Pod is perfect.My husband and I stayed in a room with a full bed. The room is TINY...with space-saving machinations worthy of a space shuttle. Quite cleverly done, actually. The staff were courteous and helpful. The location, in Mid-town Manhattan, is perfect as a base for sight-seeing. Each room has a dock/speaker for iPods, free wifi and flat screen tvs. The price for the location was spectacular.	
Jul 27 2009 	Fit the Bill	We stayed at this hotel after extensive research and a lot of changing my mind...But I took my nephew and me being a 50+ aunt, the additional privacy of bunkbeds and seperate tv's was a big bonus. We got the type of room I requested (the slightly bigger bunk bed rooms not too close to the toilets) and given our demography, I was very grateful for the extra space.The rooms are small, but never once did I feel crowded. The sink was bigger than I expected after reading some reviews, the view was nice, the roof terrace as well, though we never really got to spend too much time there.The showers were nice and clean and somehow ALWAYS available...we tended to choose no 3, as it was slightly bigger and the only one having daylight (a big plus for me!). Also, the sideway extra sprays were fun.The elevator was not nearly as slow as I expected! There is still one apt, and I live on the 12th floor...so, that was pretty good.All in all, I was quite pleased with this hotel. Staff was friendly and helpful, decor was hip and trendy, people of all sorts were staying there. It was not too noisy at all. Sometimes I would hear people talking loudly when I was in the corridor, but once inside the room, I wouldn't hear anything anymore.TV's were working fine.Only downside was, my bed was slightly squeeky, which makes you want to lie still all the time. But I soon let that notion go....my nephew was fast asleep in no time anyway.A great budget choice!	
Jul 25 2009 	Still perfect.	Have stayed at the pod hotel about 4 times now and each time has been perfect, The reviews on here that state the room are tiny are a bit harsh, alright the rooms are small but what they lack in size they make up in facilities, having stopped in numerous hotels in Manhatton, most are small, then you get charged extra for this extra for that. besides who goes to NY and sits in there room all day. I have had diffrent &quot;pods&quot; with without Bathroom now i would always go for one without bathrooms as the public bathrooms are spotless and never busy besides you have a little light in your bedroom that tells you when they are occupied and no matter what pod you are in your never further than 20 feet from a bathroom. It is in a great location for exploring NY. The reviews on here which give it a bad review please check the dates as the first time i stayed here in 2005 i think it had just been refurbed and rebranded from the pickwick arms which seems to me was pretty poor by the reviews .	
Jul 24 2009 	Very Basic	A very compact room - let me rephrase - tiny! We were expecting small but this really was teeny. First room we check in to was smelly as the toilet was broken and had overflowed in to the room and the roaches were out on mass. The room was changes with no issues and the 2nd room was a mirror image to the first, except it was clean. No wardrobe or storage so was dressing out of a suitcase and there wasnt a seperate bathroom, but a shower in the room which you could touch from the bed.The place seemed like a hostel as due to budgets there were a lot of younger guests and the walls were very thin, so we could hear what everyone was doing. Thankfully we stayed here for only 3 nights before moving to the Marriott in Time Square - any longer and I think it would have been too much.As a place to stay in NYC this was acceptable and served its purpose as somewhere to sleep and want to be in easy walking distance of Central Park, Time Square etc. There is a great French restaurant a couple of doors along from the hotel which I would definately recommend and eat in again. When returning to NYC I will be staying somewhere else though as I prefer a little more comfort, however, I'm sure there are plenty of worse places to stay too.	
Jul 18 2009	Nice gem in a big city...	The best part of our stay was the daily leisurely breakfast in an a garden outside setting with excellent eats, coffee, and service...don't pass it by!The bunk bed pod was perfect for mother daughter get away...subways 1-2 blocks away...great location, and walking is a breeze to MoMA, Rockefeller Center and shopping on 5th Ave.	
Jul 13 2009 	Amazing value bijou rooms and unbeatable location.	My friend and I stayed here at the end of a 3 month trip, and we decided to pay a bit more and stay somewhere nicer; we could not have asked for more. It was impeccably clean, in a wonderful location, and had all the amenities which you could wish for. The rooms, of course, were on the small side but they are carefully designed so that you have to use up minimal floor space to store your belongings. We had a shared bathroom which was always very clean, and had a lovely shower, and we also had our own sink in our room which was a nice surprise. The cafe downstairs is definitely worth visiting for it's wonderful food and atmosphere, and the roof terrace is perfect for looking out over Manhattan. It's very close to a Subway station, lots of local amenities, restaurants and bars and is about a 10 minute walk from Times Square; it was far better than what we had anticipated for the price, and we cannot wait to visit again!	
Jul 13 2009 	Great Location and Price. Not sure if I would go back.	I stayed in one of the Pods without an ensuite bathroom on the 12th floor. The elevators are slow and so sometimes it took a while to get up there. The room was small but functional. I appreciated the in room safe and the AC was powerful. The bed/couch was somewhat uncomfortable to sleep on. It really was like sleeping on a couch.The hotel is constantly playing a kind of new-age jazz music that becomes annoying. The shared bathrooms were okay but they were only cleaned in the morning. The rain shower head was nice and high enough for a tall person like me. However, the water pressure could have been better.The location and price can't be beat though. $99 a night in Midtown east. I loved the little GreenAcre park across the street. There were plentiful food options and most things were within walking distance. Great subway connections on the E and 6 lines nearby.I was satisfied with my stay and loved the location/price but I'm not sure if I would go back.	
Jul 13 2009 	Small but great value	We stayed at The Pod Hotel for six nights on a trip to NYC. The rooms themselves are very, very small, but they work (it even comes with instructions on how to make the best use of your space)! The bathrooms are a tad see-through, but this is easily fixed with shower curtains.The rooms were clean - I did have a couple of bed-bug bites, but apparently this is unavoidable everywhere. I wasn't overly impressed with the service, as every time I went to see front-desk they looked as if they wished I would disappear and weren't at all helpful. The location is great - Central Manhatton, 15 minute walk to Times Square, subway startion nearby, right across from a supermarket/chemist. Great value for money - very cheap for a New York Hotel room! The hotel also had a nice, relaxed roftop lounge area which we certainly made use of on our mornings.For a traveller on a budget who still doesn't want to sacrifice cleanliness/safety, it's perfect.	
Jul 6 2009 	Small very small	Double room was really small. Had its advantages and disadvantages. Could not get boiling water from room and had to get it at reception. They had a guy there at the lobby that was helpful with helped with info things to do and would help with booking trips and tours but Im nearly sure he charges a &quot;booking fee&quot; so be careful on that. The hotel organises a bus transfer to the main airports so if it was a lone traveller then it would be benefical and save money, think it was 20$ per head. Hotel had a funky feel to it and was clean but be prepared for a tight squeeze.	
Jul 1 2009 	Trendy hotel in great location	We stayed in a bunk room for 4 nights. The room was small (as expected) but very clean, there was a small basin in the room for shaving/washing and there was always a shared bathroom available. The shared bathrooms were generally very clean, and all had very good showers. I did on one occasion see a cockroach in one of the bathrooms, but i think this was an isolated thing. There was no way to make tea or coffee in the room (guess to keep cost down) but there is a coke machine in the lobby. There was also a cool roof garden. They also provide free wifi which is a nice bonus and an Ipod docking stereo.The hotel was in a very good location, we could easily walk to times square and there was a subway station about 2 blocks away.Downsides to the hotel, one of the lifts was out of service and the remaining two lifts were very slow to respond. There didn't seem to be a freight lift, so in the morning the staff use one of the lifts to move the linen up and down, so it can take a while to get out if you are on a higher floor!	
Jul 1 2009 	Fantastic Stay Will miss the showers!	Our stay was for 5 nights, and there were two of us in a bunk bed room. The first room was very tiny, hardly any walking room, a/c was broken, but they were quick to move us to another room. They were very helpful and friendly, and our new room had a bit more space, which overlooked 51st Street. Great neighborhood with lots of good restaurants and fun bars within walking distance. There were 4 bathrooms on our floor, and we never had to wait to use them! The showers were amazing, it was like a rain fall. They were always clean, but bring your towel from your room and shower shoes with you!The rooftop was great! Go to the 14th Floor &quot;B&quot; Stairs, and enjoy the view! There are cute little benches and seats for your pleasure!Overall, I would highly recommend this for those on a budget. It was comfy, cute and great location!	
Jul 1 2009 	Perfect budget traveling hotel	I wish I had known about this hotel the hundreds of times I'd stayed in other places in NYC. For the ridiculously short amount of time you're in your hotel in the city, paying more than $100 is just ridiculous--save that money and go DO something!The pod is super clean, super modern, and not at all tacky, which I was expecting: It was like the hybrid of a designerly dorm room and train car bunk. (I had bunked beds in my room--which I would suggest to anyone who tends to bring too much to NY. Extra storage!) If I came here with my partner, though, I'd go for the queen bed room.I opted to save money by using the shared bathrooms, and was so glad I did; they were twice the size of my bathroom at home. I did forget sandals for the hallway, though, and wish there had been robes for making your way across the hall. I never once waited for a bathroom, though, and found them basically to be as clean as I leave mine at home. Note: There's shampoo and soap in there, but no conditioner.Fab location with a French bar underneath that I didn't get to use, but will next time--I will surely be coming back here, for both work and play!	
Jun 28 2009 	Great LITTLE place---tiny rooms big value!	Stayed at the Pod for 3 nights while treating my partner to a weekend in NYC for his birthday. I have always considered staying here, and thanks to a $139 a night rate offered from quikbook, I took the chance. The location is great..its easy off the 6 train on East 51st and there are lots of restaurants and nightlife around the hotel. Its a nice walk to 5th Ave or Times Square. The hotel is VERY well kept...fun and mod in design. The rooms--I expected small and I got small. If I was travelling alone, it would have been perfect (I chose the double room--I should have opted for the Queen)..but still...it was nicely done and the tiny in-room shower/bath was very cute. The shower itself was excellent!! Also, FREE INTERNET ACCESS..that is a BIG plus! There were a few minor quibbles with this place: 1. The elevator system is poor. This past weekend only one of them was working (I think they reserve one for the staff as the third elevator can be heard moving, but I never saw it open in three days). 2. The bed itself is not really comfortable...rather firm for my liking. 3. The sink in the room is so small, you WILL splash yourself every time you turn it on. Its like a baby sink! No like a junior baby sink. Try brushing your teeth in it! Just try.But again, these were minor issues. I will certainly come back to the Pod.Well done!	
Jun 21 2009 	The Pod - You'll feel like ure in a Pea!	Its a value for Manhattan and pretty close to the subway. Hotel has a roack theme to it. Bell boy helped with my luggage. Checkin was quick. Rooms are real real real small. Makes you feel like you are in a space capsule of sorts. Was good till I stayed there. Would look for other accomodations next time am in NYC.	
Jun 17 2009 	Cool Place	We were in NYC for the weekend. Since we were going to be on the go, All we wanted was a place to sleep. We arrived at 9:30 a.m. a bellman helped us with our luggage and we were able to check ! June 12 was the first day they opened their cafe, so we able to get scones, bagles, coffee, tea before we headed out. Perfect. The staff was VERY helpful &amp; polite. We had a room with private bath, very small but clean &amp; comfortable. Flat screen TV on the wall, drawers in the bed base, built in closet with plenty of hangers. The shower stall is about the size of a telephone booth, and they offered shampoo, shower gel, 2 sets of towels. Luckily we were on the second floor so we always took the steps. The 2 working elevators took f o r e v e r. The 3rd was out of service. Several restaurants down the street for dinner. Subways for uptown &amp; downtown are 5-7 min walk.	
Jun 17 2009 	Lovely hotel small rooms but perfect if you're on a budget	We stayed 4 nights at the POD hotel, and I thought it was great. The rooms were small, but hotel rooms are only supposed to be used as a base! We had a double room with our own private bathroom. There was a lot of storage space for a small room and it was quite handy that the sink wasn't in the bathroom so my partner and I could both get ready at the same time. The service was good at the desk, they had only booked us in for three nights when we had the email that confirmed 4, that was rectified upon arrival with no problems. The room was cleaned everyday and towels replaced. They also had a separate person who dealt with the shuttle to and from the airport which was useful. For the price and location with the cleanliness of the hotel, i was very pleased and would definately go back.	
Jun 12 2009 	The Pod Hotel was perfect!!!	I feel like I had done my research before booking an overnight stay in NYC. I have stayed in really expensive chic hotels, and I have stayed in ones that weren't so great. I read a lot of reviews for the pod before making a reservation, but I was a little nervous to see what it was like in MY opinion. I read reviews that made it seem like the best place ever. I also read the ones that make it sound terrible. I don't think I am too picky-I would say right in the middle, and if anything i'm more on the easygoing and flexible side. I went there with a 100% open mind. When I arrived (an hour earlier then check in) on a very rainy Thursday, I asked if it was too soon to check in. Thank goodness it wasn't! The man at the front desk was very friendly, and gave me the key to my single room. Now, I had lived on a college campus, and had a single room which was the size of a bathtub, so I didn't think it could be worse than that. I was plesantly surprised when I opened the door to my room. It was immaculate. It smelled very very clean. It looked wonderful. The size was absolutely perfect for one person. Anything more would have been a waste of space-I didn't need it! I wanted to check out the &quot;shared bathrooms&quot;...I pictured it, again, like college...5 showers in a row..no privacy. I was completely wrong. You basically went into your own room. It had a toilet, sink, and shower. All to yourself. So yes, other people can use it..but when it was called a &quot;shared&quot; bathroom, I thought it was something else. So this bathroom was extremely clean. Like..cleaner than my bathroom probably is. I was absolutely impressed. Also, with 4 bathrooms on the floor, I wondered if waiting for a bathroom would ever be an issue. It wasn't. There are lights above the door in your bedroom that let you know what bathroom is occupied. I never saw more then 2 lights lit at any point in time. I talked to a lot of people on Thursday and Friday (When my stay was), and each one that I talked to-I raved about the hotel. The cleanliness, the location (really nice neighborhood), the room, the staff, the whole experience was absolutely terrific. I can't wait until my next trip to NYC, because I know that I will DEFINITELY be staying at the Pod Hotel again!!!!!	
Jun 9 2009 	Number one hotel in NYC	Had a gween size bed and great room!!! Location was fabulous and I want to go back ASAP!!! very safe lots of bars and restaurants only negative was the hotel did not have ice!!	
Jun 4 2009 	Best value for money - will come stay again	I stayed and the Pod for two nights with a friend and we absolutely loved it. We stayed in a room with a bunk bed and even though there was no bathroom, the bathrooms in the hallway were clean and there were enough of them. Considering the location and the fact that it's NY, the Pod is a bargain. The staff were polite and helpful. I'll definitely stay here again.	
Jun 4 2009 	Fantastic and perfect for a stay in NY	After spending a long time searching for a hotel, we finally settled on the The Pod. Unlike a lot of the other cheaper hotels in central NY, it looked perfect. And this is one hotel that actually looks exactly as it does in the photos! The rooms were spotless and very modern, making good use of the minimal space. We even managed to fit 2 massive suitcases in the empty space and still have enough room to walk around. Yes the rooms may be small, but we weren't coming to NY to spend the whole week in our hotel room. Even so, when we did spend time in our room, it wasn't cramped or uncomfortable. The bed was lovely and comfortable, the drawers underneath were great for storing everything and the iPod alarm clock was a great bonus. Can't comment on the communal bathrooms as we had a private bathroom, but ours was more than adequate for our needs - loved the shower. Due to the small size of the room though, it may be best if you go with somebody you're comfortable with! A private bathroom may be a little close for comfort in some cases. The staff were absolutely fantastic too, very friendly and even the other guests too were very nice. The Pod is in a perfect location too. Subway station at the end of the block and only a 15 minute walk away from Times Square/Rockafeller Center etc. You couldn't ask for a better location at such a cheap price. It was so good, i wouldn't recommend staying anywhere else and when i go back to New York, i wouldn't dream of staying anywhere other than The Pod.	
Jun 3 2009 	Great Place	Great location right by the 51st subway station. The rooms are really small but you are in NYC. Everywhere is small and you're never in the room anyway. It was clean, there was friendly service and close to everything. The only thing was that the beds were pretty short so I wouldn't stay here if you're really tall.	
Jun 3 2009 	Holy A! this place was great!	I stayed at the Pod Hotel by myself in May. Let me just say this place is great. Checking in was easy, the staff was nice and the hotel itself is great. Wonderful location in midtown. I walked everywhere I wanted except Times Square because by the time I headed there my feet could not go another block! Grand Central Station is so close and the airports are an easy ride away. The bell captain even arranged for a private car to take me too LaGuardia for only $30 and a van shuttle was only $17! Both cheaper than a cab ride. The rooms are small, but its a pod. Perfect for sleeping and sightseeing. I got a room with a private bathroom, but the shared bathrooms were clean (I peeked in) and as if you were the only ones using them. So save that extra 10 bucks and get a shared bathroom! The hotel was so comfy and have a new cafe opening soon. Plus you can head up to the roof anytime for a great view of NYC. They have a sitting areas and everything. Next time I go to NYC, i'm staying at the POD!!	
Jun 1 2009 	Clean and Modern	I had some hesitations about the hotel - thinking that my room would be the size of a pod, but it was a very nice stay in NY!The lobby is really nice - very bright and trendy; the hallways upstairs have soft music piping through. We stayed in a double room (double bed, private bath) - it IS small, but this is New York, so I wasn't that surprised. The room was very clean, very modern, and perfectly comfortable for 2.I also checked out the shared bathrooms, because I was curious - it's not like a gym bathroom (i.e. locker room, etc) - on the floor there were at least 2 private bathrooms, each with a shower (incl. shower gel, shampoo and hand soap), and a toilet. In retrospect, I would gladly do the shared bathroom for a lower rate - I think it'd be perfect if you're just in NY for 1 night .The hotel is about 2 blocks from the subway, it took me about 10 minutes to get from the hotel to LES (lower east side -- Astor Place). The street is really nice and fairly quiet - I would gladly recommend this hotel - and I'd actually prefer this hotel to a boring chain hotel in the city.	
Jun 1 2009 	Good place to stay if you plan on not spending any time in the hotel.	It was a good place to stay. Cheap for a hotel in NYC. My gripes are that the A/C in the rooms worked at minimum capacity and the lobby was not air conditioned, at the end of MAY. The elevators were ridiculously slow. The towels were rough and did not smell clean, I found a bloody tissue lodged between one of them, but housekeeping brought us a new set. A set that was clean, but still did not smell clean. The rooftop terrace was nothing to write home about, and the outdoor garden/patio was closed. But all in all, the place was clean, the bed was comfortable. The location was great, right near the subway and some terrific restaurants. The staff was great and super helpful. We were in the greatest city in the world for three nights and had a great time, so what if the hotel was not perfect? We had a place to crash and that's all that matters.	
May 26 2009 	Fantastic Value in an Expensive city	I stayed at the Pod recently and thought it was fantastic value for money. I had done a lot of searching for accomodation at a reasonable price in NY to no avail until i found the Pod. I was extremely cautious upon making the reservation about the shared bathroom (i was in a single pod) however was pleasantly surprised and felt comfortable using them. The room although small was very clean, with new decor, a window which opened for fresh air and really was big enough for the amount of time you will spend in your room in NY - there is so much to see an do that you will hardly be in your room! If i had to fault anything, the aircon in the room can be a little noisy. The staff (front desk, concierge and bell desk) were all extremely friendly and helpful. The location was great, safe neighbourhood type feel with plenty of restaurants/eateries/pubs nearby as well as 2 supermarkets and a fantastic bakery with great cupcakes around the corner. Only 15 mins walk to Times Square, and 5 mins to nearest subway. Would highly recommend this property!	
May 25 2009 	Well priced and a Perfect base for exploring the city	I stayed at the Pod for a week with my best friend over thanksgiving and we loved it! We booked a bunk bed room but when we arrived they gave us one that had a private bathroom, Allthough what i saw of the shared bathrooms they looked spacious and clean.The room was compact but when your in NY your not there to sit around in a hotel room all day! we was only ever there to shower and catch a few hours sleep between all the shopping and sightseeing!The staff are friendly and happy to help with any queries, they will also store your luggage on the day you leave so you can get some last minute shopping on 5th before going to the airport.Theres loads of places to eat locally, there is a PAX on the corner and a Starbucks just around the corner, We ate at Ellens diner a few times and loved their breakfast.When i return to NYC i will definately be staying at the POD again, its well priced, well located and I would much rather stay there and have more shopping money than stay somewhere pricier!!	
May 24 2009 	All you need clean new friendly convenient...QUALITY	We loved the POD, in a trip around the US this was the best hotel by far. We loved how smart the use of space was in the room, how clean and new everything was, how friendly and helpful the staff were - the list goes on. The location was conveniently close to the subway, though almost anywhere in Manhattan is convenient. When we come back, we'll be staying at the POD! I was going to post pics but all the other ones up already show what it looks like pretty accurately...	
May 22 2009 	Excellent budget-priced hotel	I knew I was going to get into New York late at night and needed a hotel just for a few hours. Most hotels in NY are pretty pricey, and the cheapest ones are the hostels. I was looking for something in between, where I could get a basic, clean single room that didn't cost an arm and a leg. It was great that I found this hotel, and, even better, it's very conveniently located in midtown Manhattan, just a short walk from the subway.	
May 22 2009 	Perfect for NY on a budget	Rooms are of course small, but have everything you need and are comfortable, secure and clean, with space to store your cases. Bathroom is fine - see-through yes, but I would suggest that most people who are happy to share a small room will equally deal with this no problem! Location is fantastic - just a few steps away from a metro, and walking distance to plenty of main sights, shops, and plenty of cafes, restaurants and bars. The Pod is great value for such a good position. Make sure to stop off at the French bar next door which is a good place to meet people, very cosy and does wine tasting.We went at Christmas time, and had a brilliant holiday - the atmosphere and decorations everywhere were fantastic! Would highly recommend the experience, and would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
May 21 2009 	Nice clean cheap rooms in Manhattan	We stayed there 3 nights, in a bunk-bed room with no bathroom. We were pleasantly surprised by the cleanliness of the room, and cleanliness of the shared showers and bathroom. A bit of a wee walk (but subway stations are close) from Times Square, but overall, for the price, cleanliness, and location, this is a great place to stay.	
May 21 2009 	Modern hotel with complimentary internet	It's hard to find a decent priced hotel with decent priced and working internet in NYC. The Pod hotel is something i'd recommend for young people. I'd say after staying one week at roosevelt hotel in madison avenue, The pod hotel feels like home. Rooms are small, but still convenient with this cute little bathroom. Cleaners are very friendly and does their jobs. Location is brilliant, there's a grocery store, starbucks and some restaurants just around the corner, even the pharmacy is open 24h. I'm going to NYC next week and hopefully staying at the pod hotel. Only thing what bothered me was the elevators. There's 3 of them and one didn't work at all... all of them are REALLY slow, sometimes needed to wait couple of minutes to going up to 11th floor - I love sports but with shopping bags and luggage I'm not too happy to run in stairs.	
May 20 2009 	Cool concepts and great location	We found this hotel to be a great start to a wonderful holiday. The hotel seems very new and we liked the art that the hotel was styled on. The room we booked was a double bed with ensuite. It was small, but are well thought out and spaced. Not that the room really mattered, the hotel was in a great spot. We could walk around the block and find plenty of places for some good beer and food. The mid town shopping district is also very close by.The staff were helpful and friendly.	
May 17 2009 	solo traveller had a great stay	I had a brilliant stay here the staff booked my taxi for me ( there is a travel desk where they book for you) roof garden is great, the toilet system worked well, although one toilet didn't seem completly finished it was fine, the staff were nice brilliant location, I got a mobile phone from the T mobile shop across the roadwifi was good	
May 6 2009 	Great Value	My boyfriend and I went to NYC over a break from university and thank goodness we found The Pod Hotel. Manhattan is very expensive and we were planning to be out and about as much as possible. The Pod Hotel is well located (Midtown) and very well priced. The decor is very modern - reminds me of Ikea. We stayed in a Queen Pod and it was plenty big for us (the rooms are not large but we certainly did not feel squished at all). The bathroom in our room was cute and easily accessible. Everything was very clean - housekeeping did a great job each day. We didn't have any noise problems (mind you we weren't visitng during peak season) and the bed was comfortable. The two large windows offered great views and the hotel was close to everything! Great hotel for young adults - not for families. Definitely check out Pax just down the street on the corner...great food, we had breakfast there every morning.	
May 5 2009 	Great for Girls' Weekend!	I stayed here last summer with my bed friend in one of the bunk rooms. We were there for the city, not the hotel room, so this place was perfect for us. It was clean, modern, and in a great location. Provided a great value for a weekend getaway. We loved the rooftop deck and the French restaurant next door. The breakfast on the patio was also perfect. We had a great time! I would only say that it's not for a romantic weekend on the cheap - for that, I suggest The Time.	
May 5 2009 	Go for their best rate or go elsewhere	If you agree that there is nothing cool, hip or trendy about being ripped off, you should be very careful about how to make use of the POD hotel. The only option that appears of interest is a room with shared bath room: although lacking in proper ventilation, these corridor bathrooms are prettier and much more spacey than the ones crammed into private rooms and you could save on your expenses in case that is your priority. In no event, however, should you book a double room with shower and toilet: you 2 will be sleeping on something resembling the undersized sofa bed that your old aunt keeps on her tiny attic where you have no place no to put your suitcase without stumbling over it. The difference being that your auntie will not charge some US$ 200 including taxes per night. Perhaps that such prices made sense before the economic crisis but these days you can get much better value for the same money in Manhattan: for the same amount we had a complete apartment in the Beekman Tower Hotel on East 49 including full bathroom and kitchen, dining, living and separate bedroom. The furniture may be old-fashioned, the TV’s may not be flat-screen and the lounge may not be brimming with young people clutching to their laptops, but you can actually run around your rooms, will not suffer the noise of guests and cleaners in the corridors and your geographical location will be as privileged. And, oh yes: the i-net connection is much better at the Beekman!! That bugged me more than anything else: how can the POD of all places not have the swiftest connection?! So my advice would be: go for the cheapest deal at POD or take your money elsewhere: you have options.	
Apr 23 2009 	Super Affordable 	This upper east side hotel was perfect for our business trip. Super price for very nice, clean and simple accommodations. We were four single women in two rooms with bunk beds. Comfy beds, private tvs and the shared baths were great. Bath three on the 4th floor was the best! The staff were nice and the location could not be beat - Starbucks around the corner, #6 Subway (Lexington Street) was two blocks away and nice restaurants, bars and other amenities all very close by.	
Apr 22 2009 	Its literally a pod.	pros-location, walking distance to everything-&quot;cheap&quot; for new york-wifi worked 100%cons-no air con, couldnt control the heat, had to open window to adjust temp when freezing outside.-we knew it was small but you dont realise how small it is until you get in there.-shared toilet/ showers, relatively clean but still shared, took some getting used to.- is really just a fancy backpackers hostel, not really a hotel.	
Apr 21 2009 	Nice and clean but noisy corridors !	Lovely location. Within walking distance of many of the sights. Bedrooms are small but clean and functional. I would recommend a private bathroom although the communal ones were very clean.Down point is the noisiness in the corridors when people are using the communal bathrooms. You can sometimes hear hairdryers and showers going at all times of the night which is not ideal when you are trying to sleep	
Apr 19 2009 	Trendy convenience	I stayed at The Pod Hotel for three nights. As a single traveller, the location was fantastic, and the nearby subway meant getting around Manhattan and down into Brooklyn was very straightforward.I can understand why people complain about noise - the walls are pretty permeable - but the hotel doesn't market itself as a secluded womb. It is a funky hotel more suited to younger people. The rooms are Pods. Hence, they are small, but anyone visiting NYC shouldn't be spending too much time in a hotel room anyway.I was in a single room, and I used the shared bathrooms which are fantastic and always clean. Being quite tall, I was happy to find that not all of the shared bathrooms are the same, and there is one that can accommodate taller people without your head hitting the shower rose.Having stayed in Easy Hotels in the UK, I thought these Pods, although more expensive were also more roomy and comfortable. I would whole-heartedly recommend the Pod Hotel. It's fantastic.	
Apr 18 2009 	Fine - if you are more up for a hostel than a hotel ...	Stayed here with my partner for 5 nights in January. We paid extra for an en suite double room. I have mixed feelings about this place so ill split them into positives and negatives ...Positives - loved the location, easy walking distance within about 15 minutes to Times Square - 10 to 5th Avenue, 5 minutes to a subway station. Excellent Morningside Diner or Pax a few blocks away for breakfasts, loved the helpful concierge that seemed more like an old friend - nothing was too much trouble, bright colourful rooms - very clean and cleaned daily. Comfortable small beds. Good storage (which you need as rooms are so small) Nice touches with the ipod dock - but would not dare play music too loud - see negatives. Negatives - REALLY noisy, we could hear every word the VERY loud Calfornians (We know this because they told us - unknowingly) through the door - including them peeing in their bathroom, also our room was opposite the bathrooms so doors slamming all night long along with the drunken coming and goings all night did not lead to much sleep. I slept really badly while here and even got some earplugs. The room was really small, and the bathroom although funky was tiny - and was partitioned from the main room with a thin (see through !!) glass door, with a huge gap in it - so it felt as if you were literally sitting at the end of the bed doing your business - i hated this and actually ended up using the communal bathrooms (Which are very nice by the way!). Me and my boyfriend know everything about one another but theres just some things you dont want them to see!!! Me and my boyfriend found we were whispering all the time and listening to the TV on the lowest setting - felt as if you were living on top of strangers all the time. I hated this ... I also hated the hostel feeling of the place- maybe im too old - i can imagine its great if you are having a girly / lads weekend ... but its not good for a romantic break. Im afraid ive been really spoilt in the past and usually stay at the Crowne Plaza in New York but we decided to stay here to have some extra money for shopping. I dont think we would stay here again. Its would be however great for people who dont spend much time in their room and want a base rather than any luxury.	
Apr 18 2009 	Nice no-frills hotel	I've stayed during one week at The Pod and it was really good. I had a single room without shower and, besides sometimes being able to listen to other people on the corridor, it was pretty quiet. There was a good bed and a sink. It was tiny, but the space was sufficient for me. The maids cleaned the room every day and the toilets where clean and available at any time.Location was wonderful. One block from the subway and less than five minutes from Rockefeller Center at the 5th Ave.My only complaint: elevators. They just have (at the moment) two of then and they are really slow.	
Apr 16 2009 	Great Budget Hotel	This hotel is right in the centre of Manhattan. We found it to be small and clean. It is a pain not having en suite toilet etc but not too inconvenient. Towels are a bit on the small side. Other reviews have mentioned noise but we found it to be really quiet. It is ideal if you want to get out an about.	
Apr 14 2009	Another Awesome Stay at the Pod Hotel	This is our third stay at the Pod. We had a fantastic double room with two double beds. We booked several weeks ago and then I saw online that they were offering deals. I called the Pod and they reduced my room rate on the spot. I WOULD NEVER stay anywhere else!!	
Apr 11 2009 	good as usual	We stayed at the Pod for the fifth time now and it was as good as it used to be. This time we had a queen (due to very low rates in april), which was nice because of the private bath and the bigger bed (ca. 140 cm wide compared to 120 cm in a double). Room was well cleaned daily, new towels every day. internet worked fine (a bit slow, but who complains, it's free).The only things on the downside are some noise during the night (very thin walls, gap under the room door) and no duvet, only a thin blanket. If they would change these points, I'd give 6 Stars.We had NO trouble with the maids searching our luggage.Next time we will definitely come back to the pod.	
Apr 8 2009 	The Pod Worked For Me!	I recently spent four nights at the Pod and I'll stay there the next time I'm in NY. My room was clean and serviced every day. I had no problem with the maids/staff but I did put valuables in the wall safe. The location was great - close to the subway, near many restaurants, and lots of folks walking all hours of the day and night - I never felt uneasy. The walls are thin and the first night it was a bit noisy - a young lady crying in the hall 'cause her friend hurt her feelings. It's the kind of behaviour you expect given the clientele - lots of young people. However, the other 3 nights were quiet. I'm a 55+ lady and loved the Pod. It was exactly what I was looking for: safe, clean, well located, and the price was right.	
Apr 4 2009 	Lovely hotel good location good price	Much cheaper than anything else in New York, I was sceptical, but loved this place. Simple yet stylish and functioned well. No bar but does have a roof top and you can take your own drinks up there. No breakfast but a great diner round the corner. Really goo location, Im going back in May!Rooms are VERY small but then that is made clear on the website. Shared bathrooms are very clean and I never had to wait more than 5 mins to get one, lights show in your room when they are vacant.Freindly staff.	
Apr 2 2009 	avoid like the plague!	I came to this hotel with an open mind and without looking at any reviews. I found the double bed rooms to be barely larger than the bed itself, which is very uncomfortable to sleep in. The heating system didn't work properly in my room, the rooms are not kept clean, and the service is horrible. To top it off, the Internet was down most of my entire stay. Every time I asked when the Internet would be available I would be told &quot;in a few minutes.&quot; There's not much difference between this and a hostel!Avoid at all cost! If you want to save money, stay at a hostel.	
Apr 2 2009	Not suitable if you under 18's or valuables!	Generally the hotel was decent and clean but we had a number of problems with people's suitcases being opened and items very obviously moved. Nothing was done about this and it appeared that out belongings were being looked through for valuables on a nearly daily basis.Also the TV stations in the hotels show free adult channels after 11pm that were not restricted. This was quite worrying seeing as we were on a school trip.	
Mar 31 2009	the most grotty place in the world!!	Staff very ill mannered especially the maids who by the way look through your cases for money also the rooms rarley get cleaned properley and i found may stay there horrible.	
Mar 27 2009 	a cool funky little place!	before you book for this hotel, please read lots of reviews and calibrate your expectations properly. this hotel is very good in my opinion, but you have to go with the right mindset...the location of this hotel id fantastic, first off, its in the greatest city ever! its near an underground staion and the area it's in is safe and easy to find. only a short walk to many major landmarks, including 5th avenue for all you shoppers out there, and if you want to visit the other districts of NYC, then the underground is not far away. we took the train from newark airport to penn staion, walked, yes its a long walk, but thats how new york should be explored, on foot!the rooms are very small, lets get that out of the way. thats why it's called 'the pod'. but even though the rooms ae small, it adds a bit of character to them! i was in a bunk room. the beds were comfy and the room had some very nice features, such as sink in room, private LCD tvs for each bed and an ipod docking station. we stayed there for 3 nights and in all honesty, i found it a very fun stay! the shared bathrooms are spotless and the cool music played throughout the hostel adds to the atmosphere. it just feels like a really cool place to be! the staff were very helpful and the rooms clean. so in all honesty, the rooms are small, dont expect anything big, but for a budget room in NEW YORK!!!!!! you really cant complain : )	
Mar 25 2009 	Very clean and good deal for $ 65/day	I satyed at this hotel for 5 days. Initially i was a bit reluctant to stay here as i had never stayed at a room with shared baths, but going by the reviews and pics, i decided to bank on this hotel. The rooms are really small and you have almost no space to walk around, altought there is a table &amp; chair in the room, an LCD tv, a sofa bed and a sink in the room. The best thing about this was the rooms and the toilets ver EXCEPTIONALLY clean and no further room for imporvement. Overall a great experience, although if you are visiting for tourism, the place is approx 10 blocks and a few avenues away from times square, so be prepared to walk a good 15 mins to time square of hop on a subway for a $ 2.00 ride which is one block away from the hotel.And, did i mention to forget they had free wifi in the rooms...(not too fast, but good for checking mails and facebooking)All in, i would highly recommend this place for the 1 - 2 person travellers.	
Mar 22 2009 	Value for Money	Stayed at a simple pod, with outside bathroom. Room is on the small side but pretty ok. Bed could be a little more comfy. Good idea to have a sink in the room so I did not have to go out to brush my teeth. The toilet and bathroom were always clean when I used them. Did not try the restaurant but it looked pretty lively. Full of food joints in the area. For Manhattan, it is one of the best value for money I could find.	
Mar 22 2009 	I used to love The Pod	In order to enjoy your stay at The Pod, you have to accept the hotel for what it is: It's a great place to save money when you're staying in NYC when you don't want to rely on your friend's futon or aeromattress. I've stayed at The Pod several times. My experiences have been generally good. However my stay on March 20th/21st will be my last. The room had a musty smell which you can get rid of by opening a window. No problem. The room space is smartly designed. However the thin walls have always been a problem but its a small price to pay. Again, no problem The shared bath experience is okay. I mean, that's part of the deal. But noisy neighbors? Big problem. It's a bigger problem when the hotel staff does nothing to stop it. Several people down the hall were playing loud music &amp; partying in their room (how can you party in a room that's about the size of a shoebox!). One party guest couldn't hear her friend on her cell so she took the call out into the hallway for all to hear! Ridiculous. There was competing noise when some decided to open their windows to scream &amp; laugh at 2:30am. When I complained to the front desk, nothing was done. The next day I told the desk the 9th floor was very noisy. The answer I got: next time we'll put you in a quieter room. Sorry, there'll be no next time. Bottom line: If you're a twenty-something traveler on a budget, this is the place for you. Many European travelers have discovered The Pod. If you don't fit the profile, you need to have a high-tolerance level &amp; a sense of humor. I wouldn't recommend more than a couple of nights. One night was the rule for me. However, on a night when I really wanted a good night's sleep &amp; no headaches, I picked the wrong hotel.	
Mar 18 2009 	PERFECT!	This place was fantastic! It's really hard to find affordable accommodation in the middle of NYC when travelling alone, and where you can feel safe, but this was perfect! I felt very safe here and the place was modern, clean and trendy. I had a single pod and shared a bathroom. The bathrooms were clean and had great showers! Rooms are cosy but all you really need when you spend most of your day exploring the city.Being right in the middle of the city, everything is close to hand. The police station is just down the road so you feel safe (although just across the road from the police station is a homeless shelter and usually some dodgy looking characters hanging around, but usually a lot of people out so you feel safe).Loved the modern, trendy feel the hotel had, with music playing (even in bathrooms!) and flat panel tvs and Ipod docking stations in rooms. Free in-room wi-fi was also a bonus. Hotel staff were very nice and even took your bags to your room for you.I have stayed at the YMCA Vanderbilt, just down the road, and found the Pod Hotel to be soooooo much better and they were the same price! Can't beat this place for price!	
Mar 18 2009 	Definitely stay again	March 2, 2009My husband and I were in New York (to see U2 on Letterman!) and we're very happy we chose the Pod. It was a great hotel with excellent service, a great location and an unpretentious trendy look. The rooms and bathrooms were nice and clean - as far as room sizes go, yes they are on the small side, but the are well designed and we had more than enough space (for all of my shopping bags)! The Pod Hotel is at most a 5 minute walk to Grand Central Station, the hotel's neighbouring restaurants are fantastic.I have nothing but great things to say about our stay at the Pod and would definitely reccommend it to anyone visiting NYC.	
Mar 15 2009 	Good Price Good Location Knows it's demographic.	Stayed here with a friend for a recent trip to NYC. We stayed in a a bunk bed pod, which we both enjoyed. The room was small and the picture of it on the website is a pretty accurate representation of the room. The room included a stand-alone sink and vanity area, which we found quite useful . Each individual bunk had a personal reading light and small flat screen tv. Each room also includes an ipod docking station, ours was unfortunately malfunctioning.The bunk bed pods use shared bathrooms (which is why the in-room sink was so useful) and we found that the bathrooms were clean and convenient. Our pod included a little sign over the door indicating which restrooms were occupied, which was very useful for planning showers and such. The elevators were a little bit slow, especially during &quot;rush&quot; hours, but this is pretty common in many older New York buildings, so it didn't bug us much. There are brightly colored murals on the wall and music plays in the hallways and bathrooms. The location was great, it is on the east side in midtown, and is quite close to several subway lines (notably the E and the 6). The one note of buyer beware is that this hotel is aimed at a very specific demographic. Young, hip, and ready to party. As a result the guests can be little louder and rowdier than one might want, but I can't fault the hotel for appealing so strongly to it's demographic. For under a 100 dollars (including tax) it was a fun experience. I would recommend this hotel to anyone willing to try something a little different, and who is pretty easy-going.	
Mar 12 2009 	Cool and modern - Great Location!	The Pod is quite a gem for vistors to NYC. Mid priced (the hotels in NYC are so $$$!) and the rooms are clean, modern and cool. There is also a nice roof top chill out place. It was actually quite fun to stay in the bunk room, rather cosy and each bed equipped with a personal TV. the little sink in the room is also useful. The shared toilets were clean enough...and housekeeping was great. my room was just outside the bathrooms, so once the indicator went off, i could quickly access...haha...but anyway most of the time though, you dont have to wait too long for the toilets and most people are out and back at different times. I loved the chill out music in the toilet too. Just makes you feel like you are in cool NYC.The location at 51St is excellent with lots of restaurants, take out place......there was great bagel shop nearby...wonderful for breakfast and also a famous cup cake place at the back. The subway was also close. had a great time there!	
Mar 10 2009 	A great deal	I've stayed at the Bunker room and REALLY liked. Clean, safe, modern, friendly staff and VERY well located.. I could do almost everything walking, even if it was snowing. I really recomend for those who don´t want to spend a lot of money , and stay in a nice hotel! It is a great deal!!! I have stayed there on march and could pay the same as I would pay in a nice hostel, but sharing the room with other 10 people instead of 2.	
Mar 8 2009 	Wonderful Value!!!	There are few decent hotels under $100 a night in New York, and the Pod is one of them. I liked everything about this place: the modern decor and furniture, the cleanliness, the cute rooms, the convenient location, and the comfortable beds. Sure, the rooms are not big, but they were more spacious than I was expecting. The shared bathrooms are clean and modern, and there is also a sink in each room. If you are looking spend wisely, this is a terrific place to stay.	
Mar 5 2009 	Great Hotel...minor gripes	I stayed at The Pod Hotel 2/13/09 - 2/17/09. Overall the experience was very good. The rooms are VERY small and basically a place to just lay your head for the night. I would only recommend this place for couples or solo travelers. Bad idea for family members or anyone looking for privacy while showering, changing clothes or going to the bathroom LoL. The in-room bathroom situation is rather awkward as it's just a clear glass shower right next to the bed. So whoever is in the room with you is going to see you naked while you shower, or listen to you go to the bathroom...there's just no getting around it. There are shared bathrooms out in the hallway which you can use however if one becomes available.The hotel has the potential to be very noisy. Luckily we had no neighbors next to us so we didn't hear any noise...But just as an example: I was watching TV in our room with the volume turned up a quarter of the way. I ended up having to go down to the lobby for something. When I left the room I could hear the TV playing in my room all the way down at the other end of the hall by the elevators. Obviously there's very little insulation in the rooms.The one thing that was a little annoying was the location of the hotel if you were wanting to go to Times Square. The Hotel is about 12-13 blocks from Times Square which is a little too far to walk and a little too close to take the subway. If you take the subway there is no direct route to Times Square-42nd Street. You actually have to take 2 separate trains to get there due to the location of the hotel and it's probably faster to just walk it which can take about 20 minutes. With that being said there are a couple of subway terminals just a flew blocks from the hotel with easy access to most of the city...as well as several eatery's that are rather good. I know it's sort of lame to complain about having to walk a mile or so to a New York destination like Times Square since you're going to be doing so much walking anyway...that's why this was only a minor gripe.	
Mar 4 2009 	Good price/value for a solo traveler	I just needed a place to stay for a quick two nights prior to an interview in the city. The Pod was a good fit b/c I had all the necessities, but I didn't have to pay for superfluous &quot;luxuries&quot;, and it was a couple blocks from my interview. Overall, a fun experience, I would definitely stay here again for leisure travel. Some pluses and minuses:Good:*the room had everything I needed, including flat screen tv, wi-fi, desk, and small sink to shave / brush my teeth* I had no problem getting into one of the shared bathrooms on the floor, and they were always clean* FREE shampoo and shower gel (in a dispenser) in the shower, if you need to save room in your luggage*Great LocationBad: all pretty minor stuff* only 2 of the 3 elevators were working, and the housekeeping staff needed to use them during the day to get from floor to floor, so waiting for the elevator was at least a 5 minute ordeal each time*I needed an iron and ironing board to press my clothes for my interview. The iron worked, but some of the buttons were broken, and the ironing board was the little mini table-top one (except there is no table in the pod!) and the legs were broken*Wi-fi went in-and-out throughout the day*The CNBC channel went out for several hours*The bed was a little hard, which was fine for me, but may be uncomfortable for some	
Feb 27 2009 	Excellent location clean small rooms like a cruise	This hotel was a great value. The location is excellent, has several subway stations within walking distance. The service was great, they have multilingual staff also. The only thing to take in account, is that the rooms are small. We booked a double bed room with private bath. The only place to store your belongings is in 3 big drawers below the bed. You have also some place to hang your jackets. The restroom has a sliding door. The hotel is just like it says it is in its website. You have free wifi within the hotel and inside the room.	
Feb 27 2009 	fun and expensive	We stayed at the hotel in the fall - just for a week-end to explore the big apple. The location is perfect smack in the middle of Manhattan with all kinds of transportation at your fingertips. We had a single pod room and a queen pod room. Both rooms were extremely small and extremely well appointed - just like a cabin on a ship og aboard a night train. The single room had no bath - you had to use the corridor bath which was very clean with fresh towels and piped music. This arrangement led to one of us beeing dragged out of bed by a naked man wearing a very tiny towel and begging us to call the reception to be let into hos room where the door had locked as he took a shower in the corridor. We started to hope it would happen again as the man was rather attractive but were dissapointed. The reception people were efficcient if not friendly and the room staff were warm and easy-going. The only real draw-back was the fact that you could get no breakfast - so in the morning you had to get out into the cold bright busy New York streets to hunt for somewhere to eat. There is a diner quite the old-fashioned type you see in films with stalls and so on called the Morning Star in the vicinity. It has quite an hysterical athmosphere and you are asked to leave the second you finish your food. A brutal start on the day. Also - the hotel is pretty expensive. But all in all - The Pod Hotel is a nice aquaintance. I would gladly stay there again.	
Feb 25 2009 	Exceptional	i absolutely loved this hotel.....low budget boutique chic but everything i needed as a solo traveller!!!! The location was ideal, and the hotel was so clean and tidy and really trendy which is what i was looking for! It was only somewhere to sleep but also offered a relaxing atmosphere when i had had a busy day out exploring! I would definately go back and would also recommednt &quot;The Stag&quot; pub 2 doors up as the service there is exceptional and offer great food and drink! THIS PLACE IS DEF WORTH A STAY!!! BOOK IT NOW!	
Feb 23 2009 	Cool spot I'll go back	I chose the Pod because it seemed different. And it was. The bunk beds were just right. The room was tiny, but we just needed a place to sleep. Check in was about 5 minutes. The lobby was really cool; retro. The beds were comfortable and the TV for each bed was perfect. A few things could've been better. The toilet wouldn't flush well and the heater made noise all night. However, we slept thru the heater noise. I would like to go back when it is warm because the cafe was closed. All in all the both of us enjoyed our stay and would return. The price was right and the location was great. Close to shops and the subway.	
Feb 22 2009 	Enjoyed the stay but bring earplugs.	Stayed at the Pod with a friend mid January for 6 nights. The room was obviously small but there was enough room for all our stuff. Our room was clean on arrival and was cleaned/beds made every day. We also got fresh towels every day. Shared bathrooms were above expectation - the hotel provide shampoo and shower gel and the shower is pretty powerful. The only problem with the shower is that the head is fixed above you - no good if you want to keep your hair dry. Although the hair dryer in the room was pretty good! The bathroom floor gets wet because they don't provide bath mats, if this is a problem for you make sure to wear shoes. Our only problem was the noise. We could hear quite clearly what the people in the next room were saying. One guy even turned his TV up really loud and then went out at 11pm. The hotel staff were really helpful - we called the front desk to complain and they sent someone up to turn the TV off and then again when the guy did it the second time. So I guess it depends on the luck of the draw - you might get put next to some quiet people or you might not. The wi-fi was really useful, great feature.	
Feb 17 2009 	Excellent compromise between price and quality	The Pod Hotel is an good choice for single travellers. The location is excellent, nearby Lexington Avenue and the near subway. The aera is lively and nearby shops are open until late. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The Interior of the entrance hall is in modern design and relaxing. Rooms are small but sufficiently large to feel comfortable and very clean with everything what you need (flat screen TV, phone, hangers etc...The room design is friendly and trendy. Because the hotel is located in a side street, rooms are spared of the noisy round o'clock traffic. This was very important to me and in contrast to my last visit in a different area of Manhattan, I enjoyed a good night sleep. Toilets and showers are outside the room (in my case) but are also very well designed and clean.In all, I give The Pod Hotel a big thumb up. Great design which makes you feel good for a decent price in NYC, great location in the East of Manhattan.	
Feb 1 2009 	Good location good price nice room	The Pod Hotel was very nice. The rooms are quite small but this was no problem for us as they had all the necessary things and were clean.The location of the hotel was good. It is close to the Rockefeller Centre and has shops and restaurants nearby.The staff was friendly. We didn't eat anything there as breakfast was not included and we always ate when we were out.The only bad thing to point out is the heater/temperature. We were the in January and our room on the 3rd floor was cold as the heater could not be regulated manually and only was on one morning. As we were told, there is a central heating system. The warm (and in summer probably cold) air goes through the whole hotel and when it reaches a room is heats(/cools) it. As I've read short before leaving this is for floors 2 and 3 while on the other floors it's possible to regulate the room's temperature manually. So, if you have the choice, choose one of the rooms from the 4th floor upwards.	
Jan 30 2009 	OK.. but there are better	Stayed here for 3 nights (USD90 on quikbooks for the double with bathroom). Good points? Location was OK and plenty of places to eat (Pax on the corner was a regular place for breakfast). Shower, free wifi internet = good. Concierge very helpful (didn't get her name) - had to print something up and she let me email and use their printers.Not so good points? The lifts took forever and as was on the 2nd floor quicker to use the stairs. Seemed to attract noisy clientele - at one point felt like I was back at college, could hear people talking and running around at 3am etc. You can hear what is going on in the next room and if the bathrooms are next to you, the pipes are noisy too. Heating was centralised (no control in room) so it was hot as hell. Had to open the bathroom window for air. View outside window of concrete floor - nice. They have speakers in the hallways with music and for some reason this came on at 5:30am and reception advised they couldn't turn it off! Annoying. Might be better off getting the bunks as they take up less floor space than the double and seem to have more room.You definitely don't want to be spending much time in your room and I don't think would go again at this price. For extra USD20 I got a king room in a nice hotel in LES.	
Jan 28 2009 	You get what you pay for	After seeing some of the scathing reviews about this hotel i felt compelled to write a review based on my experiences. I stayed in the Pod Hotel in May 2008 for 5 nights and found it to be a great place to stay.After quickly realising just how expensive hotels in NYC actually are and coming to the conclusion I would basically be only using my room for sleeping; I decided I would have to lower my expectations from a 3/4 star hotel to a budget operation. This led me to come across The Pod Hotel. As I was not keen on the idea of staying in a hostel, the pod hotel offered a great economic alternative by operating a shared bathroom system but with the privacy of your own bedroom. I opted for the bunk bed room with shared bathroom. I arrived at the hotel early evening and found check in was both quick and easy. Our room was very small, but as i spent very little time in it, it did not cause much if a problem. It was also very well looked after and clean. In the room were two single beds in the form of a bunk bed set up (each with it's own fold out 10'' tv) a sink area and desk with a phone and ipod docking station, as well as a signalling system above the door to indicate which of the floors four bathrooms were free. One of my major concerns about The Pod Hotel was how clean the bathrooms would be, seeing as there were 4 on the floor to share with the 10-12 or so rooms. My fears were unfounded as throughout my whole time there the bathrooms were always in excellent condition, so much so that you would think you were the only one using it! Now for the location. If you are a fairly fit person, it is within 30 mins walking distance of a number of attractions such as the rockefeller, empire state, central park, times square, grand central. I found the immediate area to be very safe and relatively quiet (we had a room at the back of the hotel and had no trouble with noise). There are a number of fast food places/café's around the corner on 2nd ave, including a mcdonalds, but you may have to travel a bit further to find a vast array of quality restaurants. Whilst the price would afford you luxury in a lot of other places worldwide, by NYC standards it offers superb value for money and people should take this into consideration when marking this hotel. In summary this is a great place for people who are looking for a basic and cheap base to explore NY from.	
Jan 27 2009 	Could have been better	I arrived at the hotel and check-in was very fast, no waiting for the room (8 pm). I got a double room to have my own bathroom, which I found not very clean (hairs/sink not really clean), but due to the fact that I was coming from Japan and going to Peru I was way too tired to change room, especially given the little connecting time I had. What disturbed me was the fact that there is no isolation, I could hear people talikng in the room besides mine, and they weren't talking loud at all...Position of the hotel is very nice, easy to reach with the metro and just a few minutes by foot from the main attractions like Rockfeller Center and Times Square.All in all it's not a bad hotel, but for the price (I know this is NY, but still...) I would have expected something a little better.	
Jan 26 2009 	Great Location	Great location- walking distance to Rockefeller Centre. 2 blocks from the Subway.Arrived around 3am and managed to check in after emailing them of my late arrival.Very clean, very small. But plenty of storage given it's size.Rooftop garden great.Heating in my room was a little temperamental.	
Jan 26 2009 	Never stay here	Just one word = Terrible. I read many reviews before our stay, and became very convinced that the hotel would be great. I booked for 8 nights, and got a pretty good rate for the queen- pod.We arrived at the hotel in the evening, after a 9h flight and some hours immigration queuing. I had asked the hotel for a quiet room in forhand, to make sure we would get some sleep. The room was really small, and had a window to the bathroom?! why?! Our room was located in the ninth floor, so I was sure it was going to be silent. BUT, outside our window, there was a huge chimney, and about 5 ac-devices, that made a horrible noice. It was like staying inside the engine room of a passanger boat. We tried to get some sleep in the hard-as-concrete bed. When the time was 07:00am, and we had slept about a blink of an eye, I went downt to the reception and informed that we were going to change hotel.The decoration and lightning in the corridor, were straight from some brothel, they even had half nude people running around.The only good thing about this place, was that they didn't try to argue when we wanted to leave.Do not trust these reviews, the only thing this hotel is good for, is arriving dead drunk, and leaving with vision impairing day after.	
Jan 25 2009 	Great Room	We stayed the week after Christmas. The room was very clean, nice and quiet. The beds were comfortable. We were even allowed to check in early &amp; parking was free in front of the hotel since it was Sunday! The subway &amp; garage parking is about 2 blocks away. The staff was helpful. It was a safe place to stay. We would absolutely stay here again!	
Jan 25 2009	Great stay at the Pod	I was so impressed with the Pod! It was just me so I booked a single room with shared bathroom, was concerned that the room would be too small or the bathrooms might be too busy/grim, but I needn't have worried at all, it was perfect. Housekeeping service was good, shared bathrooms were kept pristine. Room was a really good size for one, and having your own sink was good. location great - and a very safe area. Don't know if I would stay as a couple (size of room?) but (especiaIly with a good price from Expedia) for a single surely this is the best deal in New York - really enjoyed my stay.	
Jan 22 2009	GREAT Hotel!!! Great location Great service.... all around great!	I had heard about this hotel around 2 years ago, and i had always wanted to stay there. I finally had my chance just this month, and it met all my expectations and more! A friend and I stayed in the bunkbed room for four nights. We checked in on Jan. 6th and left on the 10th. The bell hop and the people at the front desk were all VERY polite and helpful with everything. We ended up staying on the 9th floor in room 908. Everything was very neat and clean. I never had a problem with the shared bathrooms, there was always one available, and its great they have the inroom lights showing which bathrooms are in use. On the 9th floors i must say i prefered bathroom #3, i think it is one of their bigger bathrooms and the picture inside is just great. The housekeeper was exceptional! She alway greeted us when we left or came back and made us feel at home. The room is tiny, but we honestly did not spend that much time there it was just a place for us to sleep, but the beds were comfotable and I liked the little tv's on each bunk. The restaurants around the hotel are great also, we ate at Wild Ginger which is right next door or one buliding over... Great asian food, there is also a thai restaurant and a french restaraunt right there also, both looked great! About 2 or 3 blocks down on 2nd we found a great pizza place and there is also a pinkberry not to far. I would DEFINITELY recommend this hotel to anyone, its nice and clean and in a great location and best of all great price!!	
Jan 22 2009 	Very Nice Pod Will Stay Again!	A friend and I stayed at the Pod Hotel over a weekend, we were very impressed with the hotel. We arrived early into the city, at 6am, so we went straight to the hotel to see if we could leave our bags there, our room was ready so we were able to check in. We stayed in a bunk room, shared baths. The room was small, but cozy. You really only in the hotel to sleep, so it was fine. The room had a lovely sink and countertop area for coesmetics etc. My 1 problem with the room was that the heater was very very loud. Whenever it came on it would make awful cranking noises, so during the night it was not that great, but we were so tired we just slept right through it. The hotel was very lovely and modern looking, and very clean. The shared baths were really clean I was very impressed!!! I will definitely be staying at this hotel again. Only a block walk from the subway system, and about a 15-20 minute walk into Times Sq. I would say. In the winter the walk isnt that great when it's cold out, but during the summer months it'd be lovely.	
Jan 19 2009 	The Pod is the place to stay!	My husband and I stayed at The Pod in September and plan to be back in May. It's a great, hip, place to stay on a budget. It is not a resort and they clearly explain the concept so if you go knowing that the rooms are small, etc. you'll be fine. The bathrooms are clean and there was always one available, etc.There's a great intimate French restaurant just next door. And for breakfast we stopped at Pax a couple of blocks away. You are very close to the subways, so that's great, too.Great deal.	
Jan 19 2009 	Great quality for price in NY!	The purpose was to stay for 1 night for 2 people in NY for low price in Manhattan. This place fits those requirements purfectly. The location of the hotel is great, it is really close to Central Park. There was the fastest check-in I've ever seen in my life, it took about 30 seconds. We stayed in bunkbed room with shower in the hall. That was not an inconvenience at all, because small in-room lamps indicate which of the 4 showers is free. Besides there is a wash-stand in the room. The room really is a bit small, but it is not a problem for people who percieve hotel room as a place to sleep. The rooms are neat, they give you bunch of towels, and there is soap and shampoo in the bathroom. The roof terrace is beautiful, it was like a little park in the middle of New York! The only problem we faced was that the water pipes were a bit loud, it was especially evident at night. Did not disturb sleep though. Overall it was a great experience for the price paid.	
Jan 10 2009 	Good to place to crash	I commute about 2 hours each way to the city each day, and sometimes I just want to stay over. When I do I just want an inexpensive place that is clean, and this place fits the bill. The room was $119 a night for a &quot;double&quot; with private bath. The bed was comfortable, the room was very clean, but it is without a doubt the smallest hotel room I have ever been in. I'm 6'4&quot;, and if I lay on the bed and stretch my arms out I can just about touch either wall. The shower is also very small but with the overhead rainshower head it was more than bearable. The location is great, with many restaurant/bar options nearby. Times Square, Rock Center and Grand Central are a short walk away. The subway line is also a block or so away.Honestly, this room would be pretty tight for two people. But for a budget minded traveler who doesn't intend to spend much time in the room, this place is a great deal. I've also seen rooms for as low as $75/night (but you have to use the &quot;shared&quot; bathrooms.	
Jan 10 2009 	A small functional yet well designed hotel	Let me start by saying this hotel has probably one of the smallest rooms I have ever seen in the U.S., yet, everything worked out nicely. The room (I had a double room with private bath) looks exactly like what the hotel photos showed so I arrived with absolutely no surprise. Space inside the room is TINY - no more than 90 sq. ft. including the toilet/bath area (so you can imagine how small the actual room is). But everything works in its own way: from the airplane looking stainless sink, sleek see through stand-up shower, functional bed with storage drawers underneath and the practical desk area (a phone and an iPod sound system). My favorite part is the stand-up shower/toilet area, very modern lookig with a tiny bit of desinger's touch. Bed is comfortable and clean with bedding sheet changed daily.Location. This hotel sits on E51 between 3rd and 2nd St. on Upper Midtown East. Subway Line 6 is about one and a half block away and Subway Line E &amp; V are about 2 blocks away so it is quite convenient. There is no restaurant inside the hotel but tons of dining options are available in the immediate area: check out PAX (sandwich/salad haven), Azure (self serve buffet market) and a number of ethnic restaurants nearby (E51 as well as 2nd). There are even a bar and a chic lookig restaurant outside the hotel on either side of the street.Hotel premise. The buidling has obviously gone through a mjaor overhaul and was turned into a boutique style hotel. The lobby is spacious and decorated with IKEA style furniture - mordern yet somewhat cheap looking. During my 4-day stay, I had seen tons of young hotel guests gathering in the lobby. I never used the area myself but can imagine it would be a great meeting point. Amenities and service. Basic bathroom cleaning supplies is pretty much what you get. There is not even an ice machine in the hotel. But all rooms come with a LCD TV and free wireless internet, which is definitely a big plus. You can pick up log in and password information when you check in but do not expect fast internet as the service was very sporadic and tempermental. I was able to check emails okay but could not go too much beyond that. I could imagine how frustrated heavy web surfers can become. There are two elevators on premise, unfortunately as some of the reviews pointed out previously, they are EXTEMELY SLOW. A couple times I had to wait about 5 minutes to get into the lift so be prepared to have some patience if your room is at the higher floor. The other issue that could possibly distrub people is the noise level but this is probably due to the hallway is so narrow and the thin wall as well as small room space make the noise sound even worse. If someone slams the door (which happened a lot), then you definitely hear it. If you were a light sleeper, make sure to bring your ear-plugs. I brought mine and they were extemely helpful for sleeping at night.Overall, this is a pretty good no thrill hotel designed for budget conscious travelers. If you don't mind the bunker beds and shared bathrooms (which are very clean), this is absolutely a much better option than those youth hotels such as YMCA. But even for people who want an upgraded room, you only need to pay a little more to get your own private bath/shower facility. For a city like New York where hotel price is skyrocketed, Pod is a great alternative and provides exceptional value. This place definitely goes on my NYC hotel list of stay.	
Jan 9 2009 	Nice clean but there are bed bugs!!!	The hotel is nice, clean and is in a great location. BUT&gt;&gt;&gt; there were bed bugs in our room and I came home full of bites. We quarantined everything and washed all our clothes before they came into our apartment... What a hassle and it just added stress to our trip. Before we left we asked for garbage bags to bag up our luggage so that we wouldn't spread any bed bugs to our car. When we told the front desk clerk it was because there were bugs in our room he didn't seem alarmed at all. It's really too bad because I would go back here if it weren't for the bugs.	
Jan 8 2009 	Okay but not great	We stayed at the Pod for two nights in January 2009 after having it recommended to us by several people, who raved about how 'cool' it was. Ultimately, we were disappointed by the service and amenities. A problem with our heater was not fixed for three hours, and we had to make three separate requests to have the issue resolved. The room itself was fine (although cramped, obviously), but the hotel seems to trade on being very hip and cool, with flashy ads in the foyer (although the much-touted cafe in the lobby was 'closed for winter' so there was no way to get a tea or coffee without leaving the hotel) but is lacking elsewhere. The TV seemed to have half of the channels blocked and the wireless internet was atrocious - slower than dial-up! Perhaps we were spoiled - we had stayed at the wonderful Herald Square Hotel (for a very similar rate) earlier in our trip and this was very disappointing as a follow-up. We're probably not the right sort of travellers for the Pod - young singles or college students who don't want to stay at a backpackers would no doubt love it (if it fits their budget), but for us, it was kind of irritating. More style than substance.	
Jan 6 2009 	Lovely hotel	I stayed here with my husband, and we both loved the hotel. OK the room was small but very clean. We had a room with shared bathroom, but this was no probleme at all. All the shared bathrooms were clean and tidy.The location is superb (upper midtown),it´s a great neighborhood nearby tourist attractions as Top of the Rock and museums as MoMA.Overall a great and inexpensive NYC hotel!	
Jan 5 2009	Nice but very small rooms	We stayed in a room with private bath for 3 nights. The room was very small. But it was nicely and modernly furnished. They have good ideas for storing things to make it quite comfortable for the size. I was not so happy with the very soft mattress. The hotel is very clean. The roof top terrace is very nice in the evening. Overall a little bit too expensive rooms for the size.	
Jan 4 2009 	A Fun Time At The Pod	I stayed at The Pod Hotel when I took my 78-year old mother on a trip to New York City (I myself was 33 at the time, if that is helpful). It was a first time to NYC for both of us, and needed a good price as I was paying all of the expenses for the trip. I didn't feel we needed a place with large rooms, as we were pretty much only going to be using the hotel as place to sleep, shower, and store our luggage. I used TripAdvisor to learn more about the rooms and level of service and cleanliness, and decided it would be a good fit for our trip and that a Queen room would be the best for us, as I wasn't sure how my mother would handle the &quot;shared-bathroom idea&quot;. Due to using TripAdvisor I knew exactly what to expect so we had a marvelous experience! We had no problems with our reservation. We didn't have much need to talk to the manager, concierge, or front desk staff during our stay, but the doormen were quite nice and we did interact with the women who made the bed and cleaned the room and they were very pleasant and helpful. Of course, it may have also helped that I left a good tip for the housekeeping staff every day! We were late risers, but I just made sure to get the attention of housekeeping on our floor as we were leaving for brunch every day and by the time we got back our room was always made up. Our room was small but clean and the bed was more than adequate for two women of 110 to 135 pounds each, and there were plenty of blankets and I liked the pillows too. The heating unit in the wall worked well for us when we needed it. We watched the television briefly at times during our 6-day stay; they had a fair variety of channels, but hopefully when you are visiting NYC you aren't spending much time watching the &quot;idiot box&quot;. The bathroom was cute and modern, but very small (the shower was fairly roomy though). The door to the bathroom in the Queen rooms is definitely transparent glass, so I would recommend that you be VERY comfortable with whomever you are traveling with. I took the opportunity to look at the shared bathrooms and even used them a few times and they really were nice and clean and much larger than the private bathroom that we had. One night the hot water in our room shower wasn't working. I resolved to mention it to the manager the next day and had my mom use a shared bathroom shower that night which she liked just fine. (By the next morning the hot water problem had resolved itself.) We loved the decor both in the lounge and in our room and I was a big fan of the piped music in the hallways. Very hip! I didn't get to use the outdoor spaces of the hotel much as it was October and a little chilly but I looked at them and they seemed nice. The elevators were quite fast considering how big a building it was. No smoking allowed in the building, so my mother quickly adjusted to sitting on a stoop a little ways down the block from the hotel for her smoke breaks, and I would sit with her; it made us feel a bit like NYC natives! The concierge recommended a 24-hour diner (Morning Star Cafe) around the corner from the hotel and we ate there every day for brunch; I highly recommend the toasted croissants there. Morning Star serves good diner food if you like diner food. There was a drugstore down the block and a grocery store around the corner for any necessary sundries and snacks and the local subway train stations were only a few blocks away. The neighborhood seemed pretty safe by my standards (but I grew up in a sort-of-bad area in Chicago so that may affect my frame of reference) and was pretty to walk through. Unlike in some cities, the concierge doesn't call for a cab for you; the doorman helps you with that or you flag down a cab yourself on the street. I've stayed in much larger rooms in other towns for similar prices but NYC's an expensive town, so I think I got a good deal, and as I said before, what do you need a big room for anyway when you spend more time out of it than in it? I would stay there again, and both my mom and I thought we would be just as happy opting for the less expensive shared-bathroom option.	
Jan 4 2009 	Don't get fooled by the flashy website	My girlfriend and i spent 5 nights at this hotel from Dec 22 - dec 27 2008. It looked great on their website. And it does have a good location being close to the centre of the city. However before booking a few things you need to consider:1. Room size. We had a double room with a bathroom facility (most rooms are shared bathroom facilities). It is the smallest room i have ever stayed in. Hostel rooms are larger. Given NYC is short on space i can understand this somewhat. However the double bed was not able to accomodate my girlfriend and i (we are not big people....both thin and used to sleeping in a small double bed)....by the second night we were doing the &quot;top and tail&quot; thing. The thing to keep in mind is that the room is very small wit hardly any room to put bags. My partner and i only had one travel pack each which we were able to squeeze in but anything more and you would struggle. 2. Noise. Ok so we were there at xmas and people are going to be a bit more festive than usual. This is to be expected. But two things that i don't expect are paper thin walls (a person 2 rooms along from us had a bad chest infection that had a cough with it...the coughing fit kept many on the floor awake) and a 2 finger gap under the door to the room which meant that much noise floated into the room. When i spoke to reception about the door problem they said they were awre of this and that most rooms had the problem (so the thought of changing rooms was quickly discouraged).3. Staff. I'm usually unconcerned about the staff in a hotel as i don't usually have much to do with them (preferring to spend my days and nights exploring the city i'm visiting). But these guys stood out. Not friendly or helpful and when our bags were broken into in our room (yip 22 years of traveling and this is a first for me.......especially given the bags had padlocks on them- which were cut and the room was locked at the time) the staff couldn't have cared less. The manager was called and he straight away went on the defensive telling us that this was the first time this had ever occurred in his 15 years at the hotel. Nothing was taken so i was only asking that no one (cleaner or otherwise) go into our room for the rest of the stay. He didn't like this at all. Never mind. It just meant we took all valuables with us each day. Out of interest we paid £135 a night.On the plus side this hotel is close to everything a first time tourist to nyc would need....supermarket around the corner, subway one avenue over, various food places in close vacinity, 10-15 min walk to rock and empire state building.	
Jan 2 2009 	Nice for young couples	This place is definitely geared towards younger crowds, specifically couples. Its cheaper than most NYC hotels, but you get a very small room. The rooms are clearly set up for couples - not families - there is a certain aura of sexual tension that comes from the room. There is a sign on the door that explains how to have &quot;fun&quot; with a picture of a couple in bed.	
Jan 2 2009 	Great Place to Stay	This hotel has a great location, has very high standards of comfort and cleanliness. Loved staying there and would recommend it to everybody.	
Jan 2 2009 	Snazzy hotel	The first thing that strikes you about the Pod is how funky it looks - the website really is how it looks.The check in area is large with a concierge desk to the side leading to the outside patio area and also a seating area with sofa's and comfy chairs. Check in itself was straight forward and we were in our rooms within a few minutes. The price was also very competitive for New York.As for the rooms themselves - I'd read reviews of this hotel on tripadvisor and was aware that he rooms were small - that was an understatement! Tiny, to say the least! Bunk beds (which I haven't slept in for about 30 years!) and not much storage space gave it a cramped feel, especially for two 6'2&quot; guys! However, the hotel gets away with this as they have attempted to make the most of the limited space - both beds had small tv monitors attached to the walls and there was a handbasin which was surrounded by mirrors (sort of like you find in a toilet on a plane). The decor was also modern. But the size of the room doesn't bother me when I'm in New York - the only time I spend in my room is when I'm sleeping, and as the beds were very comfy, the size thing doesn't matter.The one weird thing was the bathroom situation. As it's a shared bathroom hotel, I expected it to be smelly and dirty, but it couldn't have been further from the truth. Absolutely spotless every time I used one - I'm guessing they are cleaned throughout the day. There were 4 bathrooms on our floor, two either side of the elevators. The handy thing about them is that there is a panel above the door in your room with lights that turn red when they're occupied.Location wise the pod is superb. East 51st Street, between 2 &amp; 3 ave it's a 5 minute walk to Fifth Avenue. There is also a tube stop just up the road. Next door to the hotel are two (pricey) restaurants and also a nice pub which has all day specials. Around the corner on 2nd Avenue is a cafe which does typical American breakfasts and is surrounded by loads of Irish pubs.Overall, a great hotel to base yourself for a short break in New York, however, I would have to check out the double rooms if I was to stay here with my partner. If you don't mind bunk beds and a small room it's ideal.	
Dec 31 2008 	Don't Stay Here if You Value A Good Night's Sleep!	The Pod is a cute-looking hotel and popular with budget-minded travelers since its rates are below $199 a night. Since I was just using the hotel as a place to sleep, I didn't mind it's small rooms. My problems began when I went back to the hotel to sleep so I had the energy for another long day of sightseeing. It was around midnight and the room was freezing. The heating unit seemed to be controllable, so I turned it on and it didn't work. I had to call down to the front desk twice to get an answer. They told me it would come on because it was centrally controlled. The noisy unit finally came on around 1 am. It would turn off every so often, so I got the pleasure of hearing through the hotel's thin walls. A couple in a nearby room decided to have very loud sex several times, and another person blowed dried their hair at 3 am. So, needless to say, I had difficulty sleeping. I guess you get what you pay for. I won't be staying at this hotel again, because this type of hip budget hotel attracts younger people who obviously do not know or care about how to behave in a public lodging space. You can see all of them coming into the hotel with their backpacks. I would not recommend this hotel to business travelers, or families.	
Dec 31 2008 	Superb!	We stayed in the Pod for 6 nights from 15th-21st Dec 2008 and it was perfect. Room was excellent and cleaned daily by the maid. Great location and local area was fine for eating out. There were a few good pubs around especially the Pig &amp; Whistle on 2nd Avenue where you must try the mussels! Unfortunately, the roof terrace was closed as it was winter but we'd definitely go back in spring/summer to check it out.	
Dec 29 2008 	Perfect	We couldnt have chosen a better hotel on our first trip to New York!Centrally located, nice deco, friendly staff and the rooms were clean and nicely decorated! Perfect!!!	
Dec 26 2008	Better stay away	By arriving i ve got a tiny queenbed room instead of twin, which was confirmed by email! After a long discussion with very unfriendly frontdesk manager we have got another room, wich was really dirty (toothpicks on the beds, paper and hairs on the floor).I had to call three time the reception in oder to meet the houskeeping manager. She was the only one nice person in this hotel and odered to change the beds and clean the room again.The location ist very good. But the hotel ist not worth for the money you pay.	
Dec 26 2008 	'I'll Be Back	I loved this place! I was very happy with my room; the hotel itself is a bright, fun, clean, and newly-remodelled facility with a courteous and service-oriented staff, and it's in a great location. I'll be back in the future.I had one of the small Pod Single rooms. It was clean and modern. At 6'1&quot;, I fit into the bed with a couple inches to spare. The toilets and showers are in WCs down the hall (shared), which was no problem at all. My room had a sink area which allowed all my other personal hygene needs to be easily taken care of, and it had signal lights which told when each WC was available, Other reviewers had said &quot;No Worries,&quot; and they were right!The hotel location is excellent: Mid-Manhattan East on 51st St. between 2nd and 3rd Avenues. Subway access is close and easy (6, E, and V lines), and the hotel has many near-by restaurants, museums, night clubs, and general points-of-interest.	
Dec 15 2008 	Great value basic hotel	The Pod Hotel is great value in a brilliant location, and the website is pretty clear on what you get for your money. It's difficult to understand why there are a couple of reviewers on here complaining about the size of the accommodation. The rooms are indeed pretty miniscule, but really well designed with flat screen TVs and iPod docks. I stayed in a double room, which meant that I had my own tiny bathroom. It was fine for one person but I'm not sure I would want to share a room that small.My only real complaint is that the hotel is pretty noisy. My room was right next to the communal toilets and fairly close to the lift, which meant that there were people coming and going at all hours, slamming doors. However, I'd read on here that this might be a problem, so came prepared with ear plugs and managed to sleep regardless. All in all, it's not luxury, but given that I was visiting New York two weeks before Christmas, I saved myself hundreds of dollars. I'd definitely visit the Pod Hotel again.	
Dec 14 2008 	Funky hotel great for people on a budget	The location is okay, the rooms are quite small but efficient, the service was good. I stayed in the Bunk Pod with a friend for a few days. I also stayed in a Single Pod a one night. We each had our own small TV next to our beds, although mine didn't work at all. There was an iPod dock in the room which was very useful. There was a small open closet space and sink inside the room. There were 4 toilets/showers on our floor and an indicator in our room to show us which ones were in use/vacant. The rooms were clean but needed to be aired out badly. The lifts were slow/always in use so we took the stairs. Recommended for people on a budget.	
Dec 12 2008 	Love it would definitely stay here again.	We had tickets to a show and were only traveling to NYC for the weekend. We needed a place to stay that was not going to break the bank and all the hotels near Times Square were running $300 or more a night. Heard about The Pod through TripAdvisor and it was exactly what we were looking for. The rooms were small but it was clean, comfortable and in a great location, about 9 blocks from Times Square. The hotel staff was friendly and decor was very cool. The shared bathrooms were clean and the restroom indicator in your room telling when each was being occupied was great. Great place to stay if for a quick trip and all you need is a place to sleep. Nothing but good things to say about The Pod, would definitely stay here again.	
Dec 11 2008 	Perfect Location for Shopping	Have just returned home to Donegal, Ireland from New York after spending 4 nights in the Pod Hotel with 7 other people. It was the best experience ever the hotel is so central to everything within walking distance from 5th Avenue and underground station. We all stayed in double rooms with own showers, the rooms are small but very adequate for all the time that you will spend in them with daily room service, hairdryer, shampoo, shower gel and the shower is the best shower that I have seen in any hotel in a long time. Down the street to the right is a great diner for breakfast which we used every morning the pancakes, french toast &amp; fryup is great really recommned dining there. In the other direction are Irish Bars that do a great evening menu. We also went to the Hard Rock Cafe in Times Square were the menu was great and priced very reasonably as were the drinks well worth a trip. I have to say the American people are so friendly and would stop to ask if we needed any help in finding somewhere. I will definitely be retuning to New York and will absolutely stay in the Pod without a doubt.	
Dec 4 2008 	Snug in the Pod	I just returned from a business trip where I opted for a single room at The Pod hotel vs. a much larger hotel. And I can safely say I do not regret the choice!The reviews are true ... the location is superb. The facility itself is pretty spotless everywhere you look. Upscale ... hip ... it's all there.My single room was about 12x8' ... I could just about stretch my arms out above my head and my toes and touch the side walls.But was that a big deal? Nope. The room had everything I really needed. A place to sit. Free Wi-Fi in the room. A flat screen TV. Mirror and sink for shaving. All good.The shared bathroom concept was fine as well. Only saw all four on our floor full at once around 7:30 a.m. Other than that, I generally used the same one as it was always available. And the shower was fantastic. Just as a safeguard, I took my Crocs in the shower. There's not someone coming in behind every bathroom customer and squeegeeing the shower floor and spraying it down with Lysol. I'm just sayin'.There was a little noise issue, but nothing major. My room was next to the stairs (315) and I could hear folks in the stairwell every now and then. I had a neighbor that felt a speakerphone conversation at 5:15 a.m. was appropriate and I could hear that, but it wasn't too bad.The mattress itself was not a luxury pillowtop, but it wasn't a disaster either. I woke up with a sore shoulder, but it was fine ... I slept solid.When I first got there, the roaming guy in the lobby carried my luggage to the room and opened the door, etc. He turned on the heat. I eventually turned it off. Apparently on the third floor, you get plenty of radiant heat from the lower floors, and the in-room heat was really too much.Location, location, location! It was excellent. My business was at 51st and Broadway, so it was a straight shot about a mile. Good to walk for a change! There is a great Pax Wholesale Foods deli right at the corner. Rockefeller Center, Radio City Music Hall ... it's all within an easy walk. CVS Pharmacy a couple of blocks over.I'd certainly stay again ... it was just the right amount of lodging I needed, and at $160/night, it was a STEAL! I hope they keep it up!	
Dec 3 2008 	The Pod Hotel	The Pod Hotel was great! It was like staying in a dorm room, which may not be for everyone, but was fun for my 1 night &quot;girl trip&quot; (especially for the price). The common bathroom was clean, and the bunk beds were comfortable. Good location, easy walking distance to the Theater district and bars/restaurants. I will definitely be staying there again.	
Nov 29 2008 	Funky NYC at a fraction of the cost	I stayed at the Pod for 2 nights in a Single. Room had everything I needed: bed, flat screen tv, iPod speakers and a small sink, all you really need if you're only using the room to sleep in. Don't let the idea of shared bathrooms deter you from staying here!! At least 2 or 3 were always available, and the bathrooms were clean and had the most AMAZING shower out of any hotel, 5 star or not, that I've ever stayed in!!!Location is great too. Within blocks of the UN, Empire State, 5th ave, Central park and heaps more. Subway is right there also: the 6 is just a block away on the same street a the Pod, and there is an underpass there to the E train, or you can walk the 2 blocks to Lexington and 53rd. For some great eats literally a stumble away, try Tanaka Sushi, 2 doors down, and Ees-a-Bagel, around the corner. Also, try booking through the hotel website, as I found the prices there to be cheaper than on mass sites like expedia.	
Nov 28 2008 	teeny tiny and terrific	i adore new york but it is so expensive. this hotel was at the upper limit of my budget but it totally delivered. the rooms are tiny. like a pod. i took a single room (pod1111) which had a single bed, a place to put my suitcase, a sink, a place to hang clothes and room for very little else. if you stood in the middle of the room, and were taller than me, you could probably reach all walls. the shared bathrooms were never really an issue (except at peak times eg around 7AM to about 9.30AM) and the rooms were clean and fresh. the staff were nice and the location was fantastic (about a minute from a subway station and maybe a fifteen minute walk from grand central station in one direction and central park in the other).	
Nov 28 2008 	Good location...not much else going for it	We stayed at the Pod for 3 nights in November. As we already expected, the room was small. What we didn't expect was that the bathroom door (we had a private one) didn't even close fully! Not fun! And when you do slide the door across it reveals a window into the bathroom so the person in the room could see into the shower! I ended up using the shared bathrooms which were large and clean (and more private!). The hotel is in a good location and the cheapest we could find in the area. Its close to the subway and The Morning Star around the corner has excellent breakfasts.The beds were ok, not particularly comfortable and there is no sound proofing at all. I was awoken by voices in the hallway twice in one night, too tired the other nights to notice.We weren't bothered about staying in a luxury hotel, one because we couldn't afford it in New York and two because we were there to spend maximum time exploring. But this was a bit grim.I can't say the service was particularly good or bad. The room was always cleaned when we returned,so no problems with that.I wouldn't recommend this hotel and wouldn't want to stay there again unless I had to. Although it's not a bad hotel, it's over priced and I believe it's over-rated. I read the reviews on this website and feel it's given better reviews than it deserves, but then again everyone has a different experience so maybe others had a better experience than I did.	
Nov 25 2008 	Beds hard as rocks...I didn't sleep a wink!!! Wretched customer service	I checked into the Pod on a Monday night, November 10th, for one night only in the hopes of catching up on rest (I was ill with food poisoning) and getting some work done (the place I was crashing in Brooklyn, with a friend, was too noisy for that). I got no rest at all at the Pod, and therefore, in my battle with cheap, hard, substandard mattresses to wrest any sleep at all, I wasn't able to catch up on paperwork either. Kind of defeated the purpose of checking into a hotel in the first place.I had stayed at this location several times when the Hotel was still the Pickwick Arms. Flawed as the Pickwick was, I always slept comfortably. It's clear that the Podsters spent all their money on cutesy, trendy decor, but one cannot sleep on decor. For that necessity, one needs a mattress wherein the springs actually work. The Pod beds are dead, lifeless. I prefer firm to soft, but this isn't firm, it's stuffed nothingness without an iota of give. After two hours of trying to sleep on this rock, I called the front desk. The young woman on duty spoke like a robot. She wasn't apologetic or empathetic in the least. She suggested switching rooms. I tried this. The bed in the other room was just as merciless on the back. The next morning, I stepped off the elevator and the first thing I saw was a group of extremely weary-looking travelers of all ages. What struck me is that all of them wore identical expressions -- expressions of utter exhaustion. They hadn't been able to sleep either. There we were, those strangers and me, united by the deep bags under our eyes. And also united, quite possibly, by our mutual desire to take a lighted match and BURN THE POD HOTEL TO CINDERS!!!!!!I complained to the front desk clerk, a young man much more amiable and human-acting than the witch in charge the night before. He said he'd see what he could do. I lounged on a sofa in the lobby (better than the beds) until a manager came over and explained that he could only take a measly $25 off the final bill. So, there you have it:$124 for a night of no sleep whatsoever. The Pod Hotel is horrible. Oh, yes, it's clean. And quiet, despite the obvious lack of any soundproofing. But do not stay at this place. It deserves to be driven out of business and all its hipster knickknacks put on the sidewalk with (low) price tags affixed. I would never go back to this godawful, pathetic excuse for a hotel, and I informed the manager of that straight to his face. And I still want ALL of my money back.	
Nov 25 2008 	Trendy but has some security problems	After reading reviews here, I was looking forward to my stay at The Pod Hotel. It is, as others have noted, very trendy and modern. The lobby has big murals on the walls and flat screens behind the front desk. Then there was the room.We booked the room with two bunk beds. While the room was well appointed with individual TV's and a sink &amp; mirror (I call it a 1/4 bath) I am not exaggerating when I say that I've seen closets bigger than this room. It was probably 8x12 feet. The shared bathrooms (4 on each floor) very clean and nicely done with granite floors and walls. They even have lights in your room to advise you when a bathroom is occupied (much like the airlines).So, here's where it all went bad. We came &quot;home&quot; one evening to find that our door was not latched. The door spring didn't have enough spring in it to pull it closed, and the housekeeper neglected to close it herself. I called the front desk, asked for the manager and was told there was none on duty. Ok. So I told whoever was &quot;in charge&quot; about our security breach. She assured me that she would tell the manager the next day.Well, we came home from our adventures the next day and, yep, the door was again ajar. I immediately stormed down to the front desk and exchanged some words with the person in charge. She told me that she had indeed made a note of my complaint, and passed it along to management. I asked if I could have a different room, and she refused. I was more than a little irked.The next day the manager called me and apologized. He said he would send up the hotel engineer to look at the lock, which he did. we were never offered any kind of compensation or upgrade for what could have been a disastrous situation had anything been stolen. And it would have been easy since the elevators are right off the lobby with free access to all floors and no security or other mechanical measures to stop someone.The hotel does offer in room safes, but my most valuable asset, my laptop, would not fit in it.I had a 10 year career in hotel management, so I know that mistakes can happen. But to have the door left open 2 days in a row is negligent! And for there not to be a manager on duty tells me that they don't really care about their guests.	
Nov 25 2008 	Cool but expensive	I staid at the Pod for three nights in November. The first impression is that the Pod is cool. Modern, stylish interior, situated at 51st &amp; 3rd Ave, which is not &quot;wham&quot; in the city center, but good enough. The Pod boasts of its tiny rooms, so they should come as no surprise. Especially the bathrooms (I had a private bathroom, but you can share) are microscopic, but as long as you know what to expect, it kind of just adds to the cool-factor. More important is it that the rooms are very well kept, housekeeping is excellent, and all in all it's a good place to just sleep while doiscovering NY. The free in-room wifi-service is handy for the likes of me, although bandwidth is not great.Worst hotel experience: Upon checkout, the Pod had added 70$+ tax pr. night to the price we had agreed upon before booking (279 instead of 209). It took a phone call to the manager and some arguing to get the price right. Even so, the standard room prices are somewhat inflated compared to the room size - even for New York.Best hotel experience: Le Bateau Ivre, the French bistro next door. Excellent service, food and music from early morning till 04. Well worth a visit.	
Nov 24 2008 	ok hotel - not for big people and check the bill...	Location: Great for shopping, and a good place to start a stay in New York city.The hotel: Very modern looking, and the cafe looks nice (But closed during the winter season). The service is ok, but not great.The room: I stayed in a double with a bathroom. It was a very, very small room, but totaly ok for one person. I would not reccomend it for two people, though. If you are travelling as a couple, try the room with two double beds.The bed was fine, but no duvet, just the american style filt and sheets.They seem to have a challenge with the heating, as the room was eighter very cold, or very warm.The batroom: Very small, but clean, and hot water in the shower.The price: The hotel is quite expensive for what you get. They also tried to charge us 100 dollars more then the price given over the phone, but after a quick talk with the manager, they adjusted the bill.Conclution: I would probably not stay here again. The modern and cool look, does not change the fact that the rooms are too small, and the service not good enough.	
Nov 23 2008 	Terrific stay at The Pod	I stayed at the Pod Hotel for 5 nights in November. It was terrific. The rooms are small - but they have everything you need. The staff is great - and the concierge desk is extremely helpful. They got me on the right subway, to a laundry, checked on tickets to the Metropolitan Opera, etc. The location is perfect as well -- it is easy to walk to 5th Avenue and Times Square. The hotel is close to several good restaurants, plus a terrific place for breakfast is just up the street and a market that is open for a late night snack is up the street as well. I highly recommend this place.	
Nov 23 2008	Stayed in a single left with company: bedbugs!	I stayed at Pod hotel for a weekend workshop in the city and came home with bedbugs! I had to have the entire house exterminated - how awful.	
Nov 10 2008 	Great base to explore NYC	My husband and I stayed here for 7 nights in Sept. We knew to expect small rooms, but were pleasantly surprised with a reasonable size in our double room with private bathroom. Fair enough, there was not loads of room but more than I imagined there to be. The room was cleaned every day which was great. The shower was fantastic too. We couldn't have asked for a better base to explore the city. It was close to the subway, so it suited us down to the ground. The staff were great. We would certainly stay here again if we are lucky enough to return to NYC!	
Nov 7 2008 	A Smile On My Face In This Small Space	My husband and I stayed in a bunkbed room (hey, it was the cheapest rate for a room that sleeps two people, $169CAD) for two nights. Yes, the room was small in square footage, but we were only there to sleep anyways and the way it was all set up was very functional. The room had bunkbeds that were quite comfortable and large enough for two average sized adults to sleep comfortably in. The front desk staff were friendly and attentive. We called for extra pillows and we had then within 5 minutes. The room also had a sink, clothes hanging rack and a small desk. Our room was #723 and we weren't facing the street; it was quiet and other than doors opening in the hallway now and then we didn't hear anything. The room was quite warm so we kept the window open during the day and used the A/C at night. (New York climate control in buildings in general seems to run on the warm side.) The four shared bathrooms were directly across from our room (there's four per floor) and we never had to wait to use them. The staff clean the bathrooms at least twice a day and they were spotless, as was our room. Bathrooms 1 and 2 are a bit smaller than 3 and 4, FYI. Check them all out if you can &amp; there's neat artwork in #3 and in all the hallways.The hotel has a rooftop patio with some chairs to sit and was a peaceful place to go and sit at night. The hotel decor is very hip and modern and they pipe music throughout, even in the shared bathrooms! The hotel seemed to be popular with travellers from Europe, which is great as they are a friendly bunch.They have a concierge service that seemed friendly and willing to help you find your way around the city. We didn't use them but there seemed to be a line of people in the mornings.They also have a storage room for your luggage if you're leaving/arriving early or late.My only small, very minor irk was we had to wait a long time for the elevators it seemed, especially during high traffic times in the morning. I suppose it can't be helped as there's only 2 elevators for a 14 floor hotel.All in all, we definitely enjoyed our stay and you can't beat the location. It's a short jaunt to the subway and there was a plethora of places to eat nearby. We particularly enjoyed the sushi place a few doors down (&quot;Tanaka&quot;) and the bagel/breakfast shops around the corner (&quot;Ess-A-Bagel&quot; and &quot;Pax&quot;). We didn't realize until the day we were leaving there is whole bunch more stuff just east of the hotel on 2nd. We felt completely safe in the neighbourhood, even at night. If you're taking the subway from JFK to this hotel, give yourself one hour to get there. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone trying to save a few bucks during their New York City experience.	
Nov 4 2008 	Brilliant place to stay	October 2008My sister and I where on our first ever trip to New yorkWe arrived tired, weary and very excited, though too early for us to check in!The staff at The Pod where great they allowed us to leave our luggage with them so that we could then go and explore the city!We arrived back at the hotel still too early for our allocated check in time, but they allowed us to check in early so we could get washed and some rest ready for another tour of the city!The staff where REALLY friendly and very helpful, telling us where to go how to get there.The hotel is located in a fantastic position in New York it is within walking distance to most of the best tourist spots: Empire state building, Central park, Time square and lots more if you are not a walker and prefer to use public transport this is right on your doorstep too!We found the hotel to be very clean and fresh looking, the maids came everyday except sundays and your room was cleaned, beds made etc.The hotel was busy yet quiet, we would say to anyone thinking of using The Pod hotel to do so as it is well worth what you pay for it. I am not easily pleased, but was impressed with this hotel.Rachel and JuliaEngland	
Nov 3 2008 	Will recommend to all my friends	This is a great place that has carved out its own unique place in the the market. In my mind the worst hotels are not the cheapest but those that are cheap and try to have upmarket pretensions. This doesn't do that. Yes the rooms are small, but they are clean, modern and very comfortable. Yes, you don't have your own bathroom, but the ones they provide are excellent and the showers are fantastic. The location is great, the price very good. The location is very good, within walking distance of Central Park and very near the station with services on the E train and 6 line. Next time I am in NYC I will come back here.	
Nov 2 2008 	Read and trust these reviews	Make sure you read and take on board the reviews of this hotel. lf you want a luxury type hotel, fluffy bathrobes, sewing kits and fancy toiletries - go somewhere else. If you want a nice spacious room, you're probably better off going somewhere else as well. Make no mistake, I thoroughly enjoyed the Pod hotel - because I knew exactly what I'd booked (thanks once again to the Tripadvisor community) and knew that that was exactly what I wanted from a hotel. I wanted somewhere to sleep that was clean ,conveniently located and above all a good price - NYC is the attraction here, not a hotel room.The rooms are SMALL; they are basic and functional in an IKEA sort of way. The toilets are taken from your average economy class airliner. The bunk pods are tiny but the boys loved the ipod dock and TV's. Their small room quickly turned into a bombsite but the maids were brilliant and just kept on clearing it up. Our queen double was much more comfy but you could still watch tv while sitting on the WC! Everything was really clean and new/recently refurbished. Bedlinen/ towels were clean, new and crisp.The concierge service was excellent and very helpful. The post-checkout luggage deposit was very easy and Raphael was able to sort out a pristine car to Newark for us very reasonably. The only downside, as others have mentioned, were those silly litle lifts. We worried a little before getting there about the shared bathrooms, - without need - they were always spotless and we found that the 'light' system worked really well . The subway @ 53E &amp; Lexington is only a couple of minutes away and Times Square is a brisk 20-minute walk. Lots of good eateries around and that little park over the road next to the synagogue is a gem. They will send you to the 'Morning Star Cafe' for breakfast - go there, its good. On the subject of delis, when near Central Park /5th Ave shopping make a point of lunching at VIAND coffee shop @ 61st &amp; Madison - great food and crazy deli atmosphere - a true NYC experience!The hotel was until recently called 'The Pickwick Arms' and some taxis, Carmel cabs included,still recognise it by this name.As long as The Pod is what your looking for, it's an absoute gem, and I'd have absloutely no hesitation in returning	
Nov 1 2008 	Loved The POD	Stayed in the Pod for 6 nights in October with my sister sharing a bunk bed room and loved it. The room was exactly what we expected small but really great use of every space. The room was cleaned daily to a high standard with fresh towels provided.No problems at all with the shared bathrooms we never had to wait once during our stay.Great places to eat nearby, the Pax on the corner did great food at reasonable prices and the staff were really friendly and helful. Subway was within a 5 minute walk and the Rockerfeller Centre, Grand Central and Cental Park are all within an easy walk.Would definately stay here again, price was excellent for New York and the situation was great, easy walking to major attractions and felt totally safe.	
Oct 29 2008 	Best Value for NYC	THE POD - stayed here for a week while on business. Now, I live in NJ and normally commute, but needed to be there basically 24/7. The Pod is a very convenient location, not too far from Grand Central and subway stations. Pros -- PRice, of course. Very hip, clean, inexpensive (for NYC) coffee in the cafe. Clean. I even had a private bath but checked out the hall baths and very clean. Nice. Nice location. Nice deck.Cons - Very small, really small. But you know this going in, so should not be a surprise. But small enough to lay in the bed and wash your hands. Sitting on the toilet, your knees are in the shower. That small. Think cozy, really, really cozy.Also, requested an iron when I arrived, since on business. They didn't have one, even though they said they would. Took two and a half days. Felt very bad abusing the environment leaving the shower on hot and getting the wrinkles out of my clothes overnight that way.	
Oct 29 2008	Great little place in central NY.	Realy small rooms, but realy clean and cool feeling of the rooms. First Hotel were the pictures on the hotel website realy looked the same in the real world. Me and my girlfriend stayed in a double room we got lucky and got a room on the 12'th floor which had a great view over the manhattan skyline, The roof terrace was also beutifull and a great place to take a cold beer in the evening.	
Oct 28 2008 	Perfect "hotel"	This hotel is best described as a high end backpackers.All staff are wonderful, friendly and very professional.The hotel is located in an ideal location for going to museums etc.The Free WiFi is fantastic and is quite a stand out feature.The rooms are tiny but that's what you expect in NYCThe price is competitive and presents great value for moneyTHe hotel has a fantastic roof top area to relax and have a drink (BYO)Downside:-No Ice Machine-No laundry service I would highly recommend t his hotel to my best friend and would return!	
Oct 27 2008 	Loved the idea of the Pod - didn't appreciate the ants	My first time to NYC. I went with my brother and sister. We got the townhouse room with a queen bed and a single + trundle. We arrived at the Pod before check-in time. The staff was quick to store our bags for us so we could run out and explore NYC. They said our room would be ready by 2pm. We returned just after 2pm to our room still not made up. They gave us keys anyway and said we could go to the room and freshen up/change/whatever and after we left for our afternoon activities, they would get the room squared away. We got to the room and it was spacious (according to NYC hotel standards). However, there were many many tiny red ants marching along the back of the headboard of the queen bed and on the nightstand next to the bed. And even on the desk area across the room. We were horrified and immediately notified the front desk. They promptly sent someone up to our room and the man who came up was surprised and horrified, as well. They had us gather our luggage and they moved it to our new room - directly beneath the first one we were placed in.While I was relieved that they were horrified, it is surprising that the previous people in the room didn't make management aware of the problem - or the staff in charge of cleaning wouldn't have noticed this problem.When we got back to our (new) hotel room very late in the evening, we found some baby red ants in the bathroom. We would kill them and more would appear soon after. It was not crawling with ants - but they were there, and it made me a bit squeamish nonetheless. I inspected the room all over, but in our second room I found them only in the bathroom. We told the front desk person at 3:30 a.m. on our second night (because we had been out and about all day/night long) but there were no open rooms to move to, and we really didn't spend much time in the room. However, for nearly $400 a night, I expect pristine rooms with no pests.I loved the Pod Hotel for its customer service and that they immediately addressed our concern with the first room. I also like the location of the Pod. The room was set up nicely and spacious for three to four people. Close to the subway and close to Rockerfeller Plaza and Times Square and 5th Ave shopping, etc.The hotel gave us a small amount off our bill, but not as much as it should have been, in my opinion. For that kind of inconvenience (not to mention that it is gross), we should have been given a bit more off the tab.Upon checkout, we were told that there was indeed a pest problem with the first room and they were going to have it fixed as soon as possible. I truly believe they are committed to fixing the problem and no one would be staying in those affected rooms until the problem was remedied.	
Oct 25 2008 	A good place to stay	An excellent location and good value for the area. The room was clean, but the shower tap kept falling off and didn't get repaired in the five days we were there. For such a modern hotel the lifts were extraordinarily slow! I would certainly stay there again.	
Oct 23 2008 	a modern budget alternative	I agree with a previous review that succinctly summed up the stay at the Pod as &quot;you get what you pay for.&quot; This was an OK place, definitely cheaper than expensive alternatives in NY, and modern, full of young energy, with free wireless. Folks at the front desk were nice and helpful. However, the rooms are called &quot;pods&quot; for a reason -- my room, with a double bed, was smaller than my college dorm room was back in the day :-) The temperature seemed a bit hard to regulate, I could hear neighbors through the walls, the bed was on the hard side, the sink was tiny, and the gross moment of the stay was the roach that crawled across the ledge, right next to the bed. Would I stay here again? I don't know -- I think I may be a little spoiled by staying at nicer places due to much business travel, but if I was, say younger than 30, and on a budget, sure, I'd stay here in a second.	
Oct 23 2008 	Great deal at excellent location in the Big Apple	Loungy atmosphere, nicely refurbished, small rooms but equipped with all the basics and even more.My husband and I enjoyed it very much. Only thing that bothered us a bit, we were on the 12th floor and the Wifi was extremely slow up there. We then installed ourselves in the lobby each morning to check with the home base and that was a big improvement.Overall, an excellent experience, great breakfast available at reasonable prices, friendly staff, ...I'd go back in a heartbeat.Top location, just around the corner from the Waldorf Astoria and within walking distance or Rockefeller, Times Square, even Central Park.	
Oct 22 2008 	What a FANTASTIC hotel	I have just come back from New York after staying in The Pod Hotel for 5 nights with my girlfriend. We booked the hotel after reading reviews on this website and they didn't let us down. We had an enjoyable 5 night stay, staff are very friendly and rooms are kept cleaned everyday. The hotel is basic but it has all you need to put your head down at night. The location is fantastic within walking distance of all the great places such as Central Park, Bloomingdales, Rockefella and Times Square. We paid extra to have a private bathroom but after having a nosie in the shared bathrooms they are kept clean. If you are looking for cheap accomodation in the middle of it all, The Pod is the place to be.We wouldn't have any problems at all with going back to this hotel again.	
Oct 21 2008 	great place for the $	This is a great hotel. Check-in was quick and friendly. The lobby is modern and has a concierge. I had a single room on the 3rd floor. The room was very clean and well appointed. I was apprehensive about the shared bathroom but it was not an issue at all. I never has to wait and every time I entered the bathroom it was immaculate. The hotel arranged a shittle van to jfk for $20.00. The location is great for exploring everything. If you want a clean, safe, funky inexpensive place.....you will love the pod !	
Oct 17 2008 	Pretty Cool	The Pod is a pretty cool place to stay. Really funky interior and relatively cheap for where you are in New York - in the middle of everything - as long as you can handle the backpackeresque showering and toilet facilities. I stayed in a single room whilst I was there and it was everything I needed (and a little more). I have to say if you spend most of your time in your hotel room in New York your probably missing out anyway so I don't see the need for anything too flash.	
Oct 17 2008 	An excellent hotel in a good location for a great price!	We stayed at The Pod for 4 nights in July 2008, in a bunk bed room.We thought this was an excellent place to stay. The location was excellent - within walking distance of many attractions such as the Rockerfeller Centre and very close to a subway station.The room was super clean, had excellent air conditioning, a safe that was free and easy to use, and use of a free internet connection. I was slightly concerned about using a shared bathroom, but was very pleasantly surpised - they were kept very clean and it was easy to see when they were in use from the handy lights in the room.We had breakfast in the hotel on two mornings, which was very nice and the staff were very friendly. Although this was convenient, the breakfasts were a little on the expensive side.Overall, I thought this was an excellent place to stay at a reasonable price for New York! I would definitely stay there again, and would definitely recommend it.	
Oct 15 2008 	The Pod We loved it....	stayed here for 5 nights in sept during the UN meeting ( haven't seen so many police &amp; secret service in our lives, we thought it was only in the movies!!!!) . For a 1st visit to NY we had a great experience of The Pod &amp; NY. We had no problems what so ever with this hotel. What you see is what you get. GREAT LOCATION, VERY CLEAN HOTEL, PLEASANT STAFF,AIR CONDITIONING, HOUSEKEEPING SERVICES MORE THAN ADEQUATE.NO NOISE HEARD AT ALL DURING THE NIGHT, SMALL ROOM/TOILET/SHOWER/WARDROBE COMBINED what a clever use of limited space. We only used the room to sleep/shower as we were too busy seeing everything NY has to offer. I really don't know what people get to moan at, we read all the reviews before we booked and we were NOT disappointed. We will certainly be back to the Pod when ever we come back to NY.	
Oct 14 2008 	Pod is the correct term	I stayed at the Pod Hotel in early October 2008. I booked my trip using the hotel website and from reading reviews on Tripadvisor I knew exactly what to expect.The old adage &quot;you get what you pay for&quot; couldn't be more true. The rooms, while quite small, were adequate (barely) for sleeping. Since I was travelling alone I chose the &quot;single room without bath&quot; option and that's what I got, a small bed, flat screen TV, closet safe and sink/mirror with the toilet and shower (there are 4 per floor) down the hall. I expected all that I got, what I wasn't expecting was a very small bed (suitable for someone under 5'6&quot;) and a noisy room - I was able to easily hear people walking and talking in the hall, the opening and closing of doors and people using hair dryers in the morning. The best thing about the hotel, other than its' price in a very pricy city, was the location on 51st street between 2nd and 3rd Avenues near St. Patricks Cathedral and Rockefeller Center. The area, in midtown Manhattan, was safe and had plenty of places to eat within easy walking distance.If visiting midtown I'd recommend this hotel if you're looking for a place to sleep and save money. There are really no other hotel features but that's ok if you accept the tradeoff. If you're looking for a spa, doorman, weight room, parking, etc. look elsewhere.My suggestion, if arriving on a flight into JFK, is to take the Airtrain to the Jamaica station ($5.00 when exiting) and then take the E subway ($2.00) westbound getting off at Lexington and 53rd and walking 2 blocks to the hotel. Instead of taking a very expensive taxi or shuttle from the airport you can take this combination for only $7.00 and arrive at the hotel in less than 60 minutes with more money in your pocket to spend on souvenirs around Times Square.	
Oct 13 2008 	Great Stay	Just returned from a 4 night stay at the Pod. Single middle aged woman on my first trip to New York. The Pod was everything that I expected from the previous reviews on TA. My favorite thing about the Pod was the neighbourhood, I couldn't wait after abusy day in the city to get &quot;home&quot;. The street that the Pod is on seems to be undergoing a renovation, lots of older stores being redone. I loved the availablilty of reasonable restaurants and grocery stores in the neighbourhood. Access to the subway was fast and easy--just 2 stops to Times Square. If I go back to NY I will stay at the Pod and will recommend it to friends.	
Oct 10 2008 	Great Hotel	Just got back. I've stayed at many NY hotels for business and for the price, this is just great in comparison! As others have said, you can't beat the location. Their website pics are really spot on to the room/decor/lobby. Was very worried about the shared bath thing, but not once did my travel companion nor i ever have to wait to use. I think there are four per floor, plus a reg bathroom in the lobby. In your room is a panel with lights that tell you which bathroom is available. Soap, Shampoo and towels are all provided. In your room you have a sink and mirror station. They clean your room and the communal bathrooms every day. Note: the rooms are VERY small -- Europeans may be more used to the size than Americans -- but they completely trick them out to maximize space. Rooftop garden was a pleasant surprise. We hung out there after a long day of sightseeing and often brought our dinner up there to eat. I've attached a few pics.	
Oct 9 2008 	Great little find for the solo traveler on a budget	I'm on my 4th night staying in NY on business as I write this, in a double room with private bath. All in all the Pod is terrific for my needs and a fairly pleasant, especially given the low price. Positives: * Great midtown location. * Intelligent, functional room design in a small space. * Stylish in an &quot;IKEA meets Amtrak sleeper cabin&quot; sort of way* Very clean.* Nice rooftop for hanging around.* Good Internet connectivity (free in-room wifi!) * Friendly and efficient staff* Little street noise (at least in my room) Minuses: (all minor) * Smaller than usual rooms: &quot;double room&quot; probably only works for two people if they're REALLY into each other.* wifi a little pokey at times* low-price comes with a few missing amenities such as an in-room refrigerator and an ice-machine in the hotel* flatscreen TV doesn't swivel, and doesn't directly face bed* The noisy neighbors who checked in yesterday	
Oct 7 2008 	Great Find	Good Hotel. Small Rooms but maximise space, everything you need available. Good Location. If your looking for a good standard of Hotel but are travelling on a Budget then this is the spot. Helpful Reception Desk and Shuttle Bus to JFk available.	
Oct 5 2008 	great value ideal location	i stayed in this hotel about 10 years ago when it was the pickwick arms. they have refurbished it and it was really nice. i was travelling alone and the location was ideal. it it also really good value for a hotel in midtown. its very busy and it can get a bit noisy a night with people coming and going but apart from that i would recommend the hotel. the staff were great. it does seem to be the sort of place people who stay regularly. when i was getting the shuttle bus to and from the airport i spoke to a few people who had been coming here regularly over the years ( one woman i her 70s who stayed every year)	
Sep 29 2008 	fantastic hotel!! Great Value and close to everything	Fantastic hotel, immaculate and clean, very helpful staff and great price and location. Place could not be better for budget hotel and had a fantastic room with great view. This is in a great position for trains, biuses or walking. So good we got engaged on the rooftop garden!!	
Sep 28 2008 	Very Disappointed	We were disappointed with the Pod Hotel. The room smelled, and the staff was inexperienced and not helpful. We had a room with a bathroom. The bathroom smelled strongly of mildew, which got worse as the week went on. And for such a small room, it meant that the entire room smelled. We asked them to fix the problem, but I think they just came and sprayed something. In hindsight, we should have asked to move to another room.You could buy breakfast in a very pleasant outdoor sitting area. But it was a bit expensive, and the waitstaff could have benefitted from Table Service 101. We only approached other hotel staff three times during our stay. Although inexperienced, the staff was generally pleasant. However, on the day of checkout, we were waiting for a long time for the bellhop to return to schedule a ride to the airport. A man came over, who I assume was the manager, and instead of helping us to schedule a ride, ridiculed us for the amount of time we had set aside to get to the airport, and then, in the same conversation, scolded us (sarcastically? we're not sure) for not planning enough time to get to the airport. All the while, he could have been reserving a car for us. I guess he felt it was beneath him.I would have preferred staying at a different hotel, even if it meant staying on a friend's couch for a few days to make up the cost.	
Sep 28 2008	Perfect hotel	I stayed at Pod hotel for one week and was very happy with this accomodatio. Ok, the room is not big (I stayed in a single one) but very well organized and perfectly functionale. Position is great, in the mid of Manhattan and just 5 minutes from the tube station (lines E, V and 6 going to the main sites). Did not have a toilet in the room but as others said was never a problem, always vacant and clean. Would certainly stay there again, since I will return to NY as I loved it!	
Sep 26 2008 	Excellent for the money	For the money, this is the best accommodation I know of in Manhattan (after trawling through the various booking sites). It is relatively new, clean and the staff are helpful. The location is perfect and while the rooms are very small and you are likely to have to share a bathroom (which are big enough - just - and cleaned every morning and usually clean), it is ideal as a base for sleeping and keeping your belongings safe. I stayed in a small single bed room in an upper level which had air con, a safe, TV, alarm clock, phone, sink with mirror and a decent although small Sealy mattress. There were 2 bathrooms on that level and over 6 nights I might have had to wait for the bathroom once. I would stay there again without hesitation, there was nothing to fault. There is a subway about 1 minutes' walk away and several places with affordable food nearby. Also the wireless internet actually worked in my room with sufficient connectivity - what a refreshing experience.	
Sep 23 2008 	Unbeatable deal	After reading reviews of a variety of cost-conscious hotels in NYC, I decided on The Pod Hotel for a whirlwind two-day vacation with my sister. I did not want to pay for a luxury hotel room, I just wanted a comfortable base for our explorations of Manhattan. I am completely satisfied with my choice, and I can't wait to visit NYC again and stay in the Pod! The staff was friendly, the property was clean and well-maintained, the ambiance was great, and the price was absolutely unbeatable for the location.The location was just perfect for walking to a variety of landmarks, and there were innumerable restaurants and shops within the immediate vicinity of the Pod. After a long day of walking, shopping, and sightseeing, it was wonderful to get back to our room, drop off our bags, and head up to the rooftop garden with a bottle of wine to relax and look at the skyline. We had a room with two bunk beds on a floor with shared bathrooms. The bathrooms were very clean and there was never a wait for one when we needed it (lights above the door in your room tell you which bathrooms are in use or available at any given time). There is also a sink in your room if you just need to wash your hands or freshen up. Overall I would highly, highly recommend The Pod Hotel to anyone who is looking for a clean, hospitable, centrally-located hotel that won't eat your entire vacation budget.	
Sep 22 2008 	Clean and funky	I booked the pod hotel on the advice of a friend, having decided to come to New York for 2 nights on very short notice.The hotel was significantly cheaper than any other options that I had found.My single room was small, but spotless, with everything that I needed (including free wireless). The shared bathroom was just next door, and was pristine. The piped quiet relaxing music was a nice touch!I lost my door key, and the front desk replaced it (a swipe card) with no fuss whatsoever. The staff were friendly and helpful.I didn't stay for breakfast - walked round the corner to Tal's bagels instead (definitely worth the 5-10 minute walk!)A great place to stay, and a real bargain in New York	
Sep 21 2008 	Great spot interesting layout	My stay at the Pod was wonderful and I'd happily stay there again. I stayed there when it was the Pickwick Arms back in 2001 and I'm REALLY impressed with what they've done to the place since.You do want to be familiar with your roommate, however, as there is little privacy in the room. They are small but extremely efficient. One thing I would suggest they do is put up a few more shelves and wall mounted hooks for guests to put their things on. Space usage is at a premium in these rooms as they are very small so that would really go along way for convenience if someone is staying there more than a few days as I did. Everything was spotless and I felt very comfortable in the room. I loved the wireless Internet and had no trouble using it as some others have reported on this site. I particularly loved the iPod docking station so I could not only play my music but charge my iPod. That was a huge asset for me as I love to have my tunes with me.As I said earlier, there isn't much privacy for the bathroom or shower if you book a room with it's own bathroom. The sliding door that you close the bathroom with leaves a clear glass window open so those outside the bathroom can see in (see picture - it is of the shower and toilet). So if you are with a co-worker or someone you're not intimate with, it's tough to have your shower without baring your bits to them. It would be practical to have that frosted but it is not so plan accordingly. There are public/shared showers just down the hall, however, if you need privacy and they are very clean, though I didn't use them.I loved the Pod and it's location. There is a lovely little waterfall sitting area just across the street for your morning coffee if you like and there are no shortages of great little eateries all over the area. I took an entire day and walked all over Manhattan and never once worried about getting lost. It is a very easy city to navigate and the hotel is very easy to find. The restaurant/wine bar next door is nice but there are much cheaper places to eat and drink in the area, if you are so inclined. I found it to be simply overpriced for what you get.The Pod is a lovely little spot and I highly recommend it. Don't be worried about the size of the rooms, they are all you will need, unless you're traveling with children, and you'll be impressed with the efficiency of it.	
Sep 21 2008 	Good hotel for single travellers	I stayed for eight nights in the Pod Hotel in NY last August.I was travelling alone, so I didn't want to spend a lot of money in the hotel, but I didn't want to stay in a hostel...After reading the good reviews about this hotel, which is quite strange in NY hotels, I decided to book the room. I found the best price in their website, about 180 Usd/per night, all taxes included.I had a room in 14th floor. Didn't have problems with the lift, although this is one of the biggest complaints of other people...Room was enouth for one person, with many places to put your things (I loved the drawers under the bed...). The free safe is big enough to store a 15' laptop. One thing I have to remark, is that everything was extremely clean, and the ladies who made up the room everyday did their best all the days of my stay!!!None problems with the sared bathrooms. Clean and I had never to wait a lot. Perhaps in the mornings sometimes I had to wait for 5 minutes, 10 maximum, but I was worth it.The main problem (to say something) for the hotel is that the doors are quite noisy (not only problem of the doors, but also of the guests...). Being in the 14 th floor, near the door to the roof terrace, sometimes people spoke quite loudly at night. The ubication of the hotel is marvellous.. Very near from two subway stops, well comunicated also by bus. Shops, restaurants, bars are around the hotel, so It's nice if you want to have something after dinner near the hotel..You can go from JFK airport by subway only for 7 USD and making only one change from Airport Express train to the E subway... Good option if you don't have too much luggage. The last day I took a shuttle that I booked in the hotel for 20 USD.I don't know if for two persons this hotel is as good choice as for a single traveller!!! but I wouldn't doubt to repeat again in other trip to NY.	
Sep 19 2008 	Great quality for the price!	If you are looking for a fairly inexpensive hotel in a great location in Manhattan and aren't super picky, this hotel is for you! We did quite a bit of research of hotels in certain areas of Manhattan and this was the best deal we found considering the hotel is newly renovated, funky, clean, great location, etc. Yes, the rooms are small, but this is expected in New York. Everything was new, clean, the bed was comfy enough, the lobby was funky, and the location is great. It's walking distance to many attractions, and there are tons of restaurants and bars all around. The rooftop patio is pretty cool, we took some drinks up there and chilled for a bit.If you're just looking for a place to sleep and don't want to pay an arm and a leg, book here. We didn't really have any complaints considering what we paid.	
Sep 19 2008 	Great Hotel	Stayed at the Pod and found it to be a very good hotel. Rooms were small but very well laid out and clean. Would recommend getting an en suite if the option is available. Staff were helpful and friendly although i didn't use the concierge service so can't comment on thata downside was that the room faced i had faced onto the street so there was a bit of noise at night with sirens etc but I don't go to New York looking for peace and quietOverall I found the Pod to be a very good hotel for the price in a great location and would have no hesitation in going back	
Sep 19 2008 	Loud Dirty and Awful	Stayed at the Pod and it was awful. This place is for college kids an partiers -- that's IT. Like being in a frat house -- doors slamming up and down the hall all night long, a very loud drunk couple in the hall screaming at each other, another partier who started banging on my door at 3am (wrong room).Window was stuck and wouldn't open, bed was tiny and like a board. Literally the WORST hotel I have ever been in. Worse than Sat. night rush week in my college frat. &quot;Service&quot; at the front desk was clueless and totally uninterested. Spend another $100 and stay somewhere where you might actually be able to sleep.	
Sep 18 2008 	perfect for me	Great hotel, just loved the neighborhood and next to a subway station.The room is small, but I had no problems to accommodate my suitcase and clothes (I was alone, for one week) and everything was clean. It was a double room private bathroom, but I took a look in the shared bathrooms and and they look fine to me.I arrived at the about 11am, as they had an availble room they checked me in imediat immediately.All the staff were kind, nice and helpful, I just loved.	
Sep 15 2008	Wonderful Stay	We had a three night stay at the Pod and thought it was great! The location is fantastic, very accessible and in close walking distance to a lot of sights and great restaurants, and near a subway station for traveling further afield.Check in was easy and the staff were polite. Our room was spotless and very quiet at night.Yes, the rooms are small, but we found them to be very well designed with lots of storage, but we hardly spent any time there at all. There was a great mix of nationalities and ages staying at the Pod which gave a great atmosphere.We couldn't think of anything bad about it and would definitely stay here again!	
Sep 11 2008 	Hygiene risk	We booked with STA travel for a double room. On opening the door to our room it appeared this meant twin, not double bed. The beds themselves were very hard and too short for anyone above 5 feet 6. Having been to other small room hotels I considered this one badly designed. There was no towel rail and one of the tvs wasn't working. The real problem with this hotel is hygiene. The shared WC has no sink!! You have to go back to your room to wash your hands. But if you think about it, dirty hands therefore touch the doorknobs of all the rooms, get washed, touch them again and spread the germs throughout the hotel. The air conditioning unit in our room was so dirty that it gave me a chest infection and on the second night a cockroach used it as a way to get into our room!!!In short, if you want to get sick, like short, hard beds and cockroaches then this is the hotel for you. If not, find somewhere else to stay.	
Sep 10 2008 	NYC on a shoestring... In style!	This was my seventh tourist trip to NY and possibly the best.We stayed in the 2 bed shared bathroom room and it was immaculately clean, well provided and just what you need from a hotel in NYC. Shared bathrooms were clean. Never a queue! You can also see if one is occupied by the display in your room.The beds were absolutely fine and you get your own mini tv.I wouldn't stay anywhere else next time I go.The location is great for midtown and there are lots of very local amenities.Clean. Great Location. Comfortable. Cheap. Why wouldn't you stay here?	
Sep 9 2008 	Rude does not equal Modern	The hotel was in a nice neighborhood near many touristy locations, which is fine. Our room was clean and supposedly modern. It was small but when in NYC, you don't hang out in a hotel room typically so that is fine also. However, when checking into our room there were three people behind the desk even though it was fairly late in the day (not around any check-in rush whatsoever). We asked where their computer/printer was located so we could get a print out of our boarding passes for the next morning. This hotel, which is advertised as modern did NOT have a computer/printer or an internet connection for hotel guests to use. In addition, they rudely informed us that they were &quot;unable&quot; to print our boarding passes because &quot;they were having problem running their own reports.&quot; Even in the cheapest and most dumpy hotels while traveling in Europe, we always had an internet connection or computer of some sort... this was a HUGE disappointment!In the meantime, our room only had two pillows so I called the front desk and asked for two additional pillows. The front desk person said they did but not enough staff (the three people behind the counter standing around weren't enough?) to walk them up to the room. As I was already changed into pj's and it was quite late so I didn't go down 8 floors to get the pillows. Finally, they had a small flatscreen television in the room but it didn't have a swivel function so it was nearly impossible to view it from the bed. Also, the cable channels didn't match the cable guide... In conclusion, the next morning when trying to get our boarding passes printed, the front desk said that Concierge MIGHT be able to assist but they weren't staffed until 9am. Well, a lot of good that does when the flight leaves at 9:30am. Therefore, we never printed the boarding passes and had to wait in line at the airport. Thank you Pod Hotel.Bottomline: poor service, decent location &amp; rooms, but not MODERN in their attitudes, service, or accomodations.	
Sep 7 2008 	Very Trendy	The pod hotel was small, reasonably price, lovely room, very clean, in the safe part of NYC and in close proximatey to all the awesome attractions and the public transport to get to the awesome attractions.We were provided with shampoo, soap, tv on each bunk bed in our room and wireless internet access.The staff were very friendly and helpful and we found our overall stay to be a stay to remember.	
Sep 7 2008 	2nd Stay and I'd definitely go back for a 3rd!	This is my second stay, I was traveling alone this time, and got a single room with a shared bath. The shared facilities are always clean. The rooms are small, but they are functional and comfortable! And for the price and location, its incredible!Expect slow elevators, but again, for the price and location, its something that you can lie with.I never had a problem with outside noise, and my room even partially faced the front the the hotel.The staff are always friendly and very helpful.I can't wait for my next trip to New York, will stay at the Pod again for sure!!	
Sep 4 2008 	Excellent value location etc	My boyfriend and i stayed in the pod hotel for 5 nights in Aug. I can't understand why reviews have been suprised by the size of the rooms - The hint is in the hotel name, The Pod - saying that the hotel was great. Yes is is small but you are in NYC and why would you want to stay in your room other than sleep and shower?? We stayed on 7th floor facing the road. Not too noisy at all.The location is great, walking distance to everything. Roof garden is such a bonus. they don't mind you taking food up there and we had a few beers too. Its great to watch NYC lights at nigth.I am looking to go back to NYC next year and will defo be staying here.	
Sep 3 2008 	Excelent location and good value for money	Hotel with excelent location, new but very small rooms. Ideal for leisure trips, only to sleep. A little noise you'll hear.. Good value vs money. I recommend rooms with private bathroom!	
Sep 1 2008 	Fun Hip 	My husband and I had a great visit to NYC last week to celebrate our 10th Anniversary and enjoyed staying at the Pod Hotel for two nights. Our room (double with bath) reminded us of a train sleeper car unit we stayed in during our honeymoon - it was small but well designed and once our luggage was stored there was enough room for us to move around. The location is terrific - a few blocks to trains and restaurants and other conveniences right outside the front door. Despite the hotel's website, the guests' ages ranged beyond 20's (which was nice!) and we felt very welcome. The lobby and the small outdoor deck and patio are fun and hip and while we didn't eat at the hotel, we enjoyed a cocktail on the deck one evening prior to heading out for dinner. Our only complaint was with the bedding and linens which didn't seem of the same quality of the rest of the interior finishes throughout. Better pillows, sheets and thicker towels and this place would be excellent!	
Aug 31 2008 	Excellent deal in the heart of Mid-Town	A great modern hotel with comfortable, albeit modestly sized, rooms a stone's throw from the Moma and other great amenities. Not luxurious rooms, but clean and well designed, adequate for the traveler interested in spending more time outside the hotel exploring the City than sitting in the room...The only drawback during our stay, however, was the painfully slow service at their lounge/bar/restaurant. Our server took a lifetime to pick up our check, only to inform us the restaurant portion of the hotel is cash only. Perplexing. It seems the Pod staff are talented hoteliers, but could use a lesson in service around the restaurant.	
Aug 28 2008	VERY nice experience at The Pod Hotel!	The Pod Hotel I did not know what to expect in NYC as this was my first trip to the city. I read many positive reviews of The Pod Hotel and decided this was the best choice for two people coming w/o children.I am very pleased with my choice! YouThe Pod is on 51st street on a very nice block. When first going into The Pod Hotel, you are greeted by very nice people at the desk. The walls are painted a cool art deco design, and the lobby is very stylish. There is also an outside deck and dining area that is very well kept up.After making my way to my room, I noticed the small rooms, but didn't find them scary or claustrophobic. My friend and I shared a bunkbed. The beds have very stylish blankets. Each bed has a LCD tv that can pull out of the wall to position how you would like it. We also had a counter to put items on as well as a stainless steel sink to wash up at. The sink has two brand new bars of soap as well as two drinking glasses and towels/tp/hairdryer, etc below. Other rooms can vary in size, but this was my room.There are two bathrooms per floor. I was unsure if this would be a positive thing or not. I was imagining a 10 stall bathroom and locker room showers, but instead there are two separate bathrooms (called WC for water closet). They are very clean. Once you go in the bathroom, there is a turn lock that turns the room from &quot;vacant&quot; to &quot;occupied&quot; not only on the outside of the bathroom, but in other hotel rooms as well, so they can see the bathroom is occupied! Cool! Above hotel guest room doors inside there is a small area that shows &quot;1&quot; and &quot;2&quot;. If there is someone in the bathroom, a red light will come on under the correct bathroom number. The shower was fun too! They have installed rainwater showerheads that gently filter water out. Each shower has a shampoo dispenser and a shower gel dispenser as well. There are also spotlights in the bathroom, making for a fun, moodlighting effect!When my friend and I ventured out for our fun, the maids came in and cleaned the rooms, making the beds and vaccumming/changing towels, etc. I was never in the room when they came to call, but I assume they have &quot;do not disturb&quot; tags downstairs. I loved the warm dance music piped in to the hallways/bathrooms as well. Brazillian music/salsa/samba music calmed and soothed you after a hectic day. It was very soft and non-intrusive. Check out the Pod Hotel website for a music sampler! Another cool thing inside the actual room were the nice extras that the Pod has put together-namely the &quot;Pod Survival Guide&quot; which is a pages long document that recommends restaurants for every taste, as well as finding the nearest hospital, post office and other things you may (unexpectedly) need. VERY HELPFUL!Checkout time was 12PM. My friend and I were not ready to leave yet. The hotel offers to hold your luggage until you leave. The bellman was as nice as can be...be sure to tip him! Also, there was a man at a small kiosk inside the hotel, selling Airlink Bus Shuttles back to the LaGuardia Airport. My friend and I were grateful for this convenient service back to LGA. The price was $18 back to LGA., but it was well worth it for the ease of knowing we had a scheduled ride back to the airport.All in all, I was VERY pleased with my stay at The Pod Hotel. It was always quiet inside (despite many other people staying here!) and the staff was very very friendly. The price was right for the neighborhood and the hotel was very stylish! A+!	
Aug 28 2008 	Loved the stay	I stayed in a single room with shared bath. Have absolutely hothing bad to say about the hotel. Due to really late arrival from my side, they had let my room go the first night, but they accomodate me in a doubleroom with private bath the first night. I cannot understand the comments about the size of the rooms. Sure, the bathroom in the double room was on the small side. But the room was larger than most European and definitive several others more expensice New York hotel room. The single room had plenty of room for one persons baggage and clothes. Had no problem with the share bathroom (that is so much larger then the private baths). Only time when it actually where a queue was one night at 3am...Perfect location with great restuarants and subway just around the corner. Will definitely stay there again!	
Aug 26 2008 	Will definitely stay here again! Loved The Pod	We stayed at The Pod in Dec 07. Booked a double room with en suite bathroom at The Pod after much research on Tripadvisor and we were definitely not disappointed. Finding clean, affordable accommodation in a convenient and safe location in NYC can be difficult... and we were glad that once again, we trusted in this website. The room was very clean, with lots of little hidey spaces to keep stuff and the bed was comfy. The bathroom was tiny, but the water was hot (a great relief in winter!) and more importantly (for me, a TV addict), I could still watch the news whilst washing my face and putting on my make-up! I have always been apprehensive about shared bathrooms, and like many other reviewers on this site, checked out the shared bathrooms during my stay and they were ALWAYS clean (the tiles were gleaming!) and usually one or two were available. I was very impressed. If I was not so finicky about sharing bathrooms, I will opt for this in a New York minute! The location was great. Very close to the subway, with lots of food options nearby. We ordered takeaway once from the menus placed in the room and had no problems - it came quickly and was still piping hot. Most importantly for me, The Pod is within walking distance from the shopping areas. I could walk to Saks Fifth Avenue, Bloomingdales, Sephora, the list goes on. As we were there during Christmas, it was also nice to be within walking distance from Rockefeller Centre and the cathedral.	
Aug 24 2008 	Just what we needed	My 20 year old college student son and I were looking for a convenient place to stay in NYC before he went back to school. The Pod Hotel turned out to be a great choice.First, the price at a little under $200/night for the room was a great deal for NYC.Yes, the room is small, yes we had a shared bath, but the quality of the location, the hotel, the roof garden, the park next door, and the hotel staff more than made up for the room size and shared bath.THE SHARED BATH: As for the bath, it was always clean (it might be slightly wet from the previous shower user) and the tiles were made of a material that made you feel comfortable you wouldn't get athlete's foot from someone else. Access to the showers was never a problem.SUBWAY ACCESS: You are two blocks from two different stops, so you can access anything in Manhattan, Queens, etc very quickly. You can be at the Central Park or Metropolitan Museum stop in 5 minutes.ROOF GARDEN and PARK NEXT DOOR: My son ended up outside on the roof every evening for just a few minutes. He enjoyed the city view. I would slip out to the Park next door (actually it is across the street) every morning and eat a bagel and drink a coffee to the sound of the water fall. Go down to &quot;Ess a Bagel&quot; and get an awesome bagel, buy a coffee at the park, and just relax...STAFF: Always very nice and helpful. When the finished cleaning the room every day, as small as the room was, it was comfortable.NOISE: Amazingly, I heard very little. I have heard much more in places like the Marriott when people are coming in a 2PM. This is not to say you won't hear any but it was better than most hotels I have stayed at. If I heard morning noises I would simply pop in my ear plugs. LOCATION: If you are up to it, you can walk to Central Park or the Theater District, although some may find it too far. We did walk a good bit and didn't have a problem with the distances, although the subway is only two blocks away.STREET FRONT: The street frontage at the hotel had several restaurants with outdoor dining so there was a very nice energy on the street.IF YOU LIKE STAYING AT YOUR HOTEL: This probably isn't the place for you. The rooms are small. However, if you want a comfortable place to relax for an hour in the morning or at the end of the day, and you want a great location on a budget, this is a good bet.Enjoy the City!	
Aug 23 2008 	Tiny rooms travellers place.	The Pod hotel is a great place to stay if you don't want to pay the high prices for a New York hotel. The rooms are tiny, the double bed takes up the entire space. My husband and I each had a suitcase and they had to go right behind the door, had to open them up on the bed as no floor space( not good for safety aspect). I think this hotel is more suited for light travellers!!!The roof terrace is amazing for the Manhattan views, you can take your own booze and food up there and take in the daytime sunshine or the city lights at night. the hotel corridors are badly lit and very hot. This hotel is fine for a nights stay, if you want something inexpensive in New york, and great for young travellers. Not good for claustraphobic's!	
Aug 20 2008 	Ideal for exploring Manhatten on a budget	The Pod was just how i imagined it would be from the reviews I read on tripadvisor. The room was small but adequate for my needs - I was travelling alone. It was clean and the sheets were changed daily. There was a flatscreen TV on the wall and an ipod docking station (hence the name of the hotel I presume).The shared bathrooms did not create a problem, they were clean and I never had to wait to use one. I found the staff friendly and helpful.The location is ideal for exploring Manhatten. There is a subway station 2mins from the hotel. 5th Avenue where all the big shops are is less than a 15min walk and you can walk to Timesquare in less than 20mins. If you are travelling in from Newark airport by coach as I was, the coach will leave you off at Grand Central Station. The Pod is only 5 blocks up and two across from here. You can either walk this in about 20 mins as I did, grab a cab or use the subway.	
Aug 20 2008 	great -- post-modern cubicled hostel	Really perfect for an inexpensive crashpad. Most NY hotel rooms that are less than $300 are very small anyway. Pod rooms are just super small, but cleverly designed. T.v., sink, sufficient storage, long mirror. Narrow beds.Never had to wait for restroom or shower.Some noise from hall, otherwise would have given 5 stars.Great restaurants around the corner on 2nd Ave, for breakfast, lunch, or dinner.Near subway.	
Aug 19 2008 	I will go back again.	I stayed at The Pod about a year ago on my last trip to NYC, and it was good enough that I decided to go back again. Last time I was in a double room with private bath, and this time I was in a bunk bed room with shared bath (I was traveling with a friend). Check in was pretty quick and easy. When we got to our room, we were horrified to discover a cockroach on the floor. However, that was the first and last &quot;creepy crawly&quot; we saw during our time here (trust me--I even checked the mattress for bed bugs). Overall our room was kept quite clean. Sheets were changed daily and we always had plenty of clean towels. As for sharing bathrooms, we never found it to be a problem. There were 4 bathrooms on our floor, one of which was huge, three of which were average, with just a toilet and small shower. There was always a bathroom available whenever I needed it. The indicator lights in our room were also handy, as they showed us which bathrooms were free at any given time. In regards to cleanliness of the bathrooms, the cleaning staff did their best. The only issue I had with the cleanliness was not due to negligence by the hotel, but rather by inconsiderate guests who did not take 2 seconds out of their lives to clean up after themselves. That being said, the washrooms were always relatively clean. I would, however, suggest you bring a pair of flip flops for the shower if you are a bit creeped out by germs like I am. The location is great (like a block and a half to the Subway, close to restaurants, cute little park across the street). If you are looking for a luxurious, spacious place to be pampered, this is NOT it. However, if you are looking for a comfortable, reasonably priced (by New York City standards) place to sleep and get cleaned up, The Pod is what you want.	
Aug 19 2008 	Great location and price	While The Pod provides a very casual comfortable atmosphere in a very convenient location, in some ways it takes its &quot;hipness&quot; a little too seriously. I had a queen room with a private bath (shower only); the overhead shower more than makes up for the sink/toilet area's cramped quarters; all other room amenities were excellent. The hallways may be a tad too dimly lit, which may offend some. The fact that the building has only two elevators can cause some longer than normal waits. One improvement that could be made very easily would be to add ice machines (a staple at most hotels); apparently not a single one exists in the building.	
Aug 19 2008 	Smallest double room ever	This is the smallest double room I ever stayed in. Shower is behind glass so maybe not the ideal place to stay in with friends if you do not like showing off to friends. Bed was small even though it was a double bed. Very basic no where to put your bags if more than one. Concierge knows less about restaurants in New York than i do and i live in Sweden... Only thing that saves this hotel from a lower rating is the price. I would not even considering the price recommend it to friends. One night is ok but do not stay longer in such a small room if you are two. Breakfast at hotel is not cheap go elsewhere. Room was very clean!!	
Aug 19 2008	Excellent experience	I stayed at this hotel twice over the last few weeks and would really highly recommend it based on my experience.The first time, I stayed in a single room with shared bathroom facilities. The bedroom was relatively small, but was compact and totally adequate with everything that was provided. There is a sink, towels and hairdryer provided in the room, as well as a nice small flatscreen TV on the wall that you can watch in bed. As it mention on the Pod website, there are light indicators above the door to let you know when the shared bathrooms are free which was very handy. There are 4 bathrooms on the floor - each containing a toilet, sink and shower. I never encountered any problems with access to the bathrooms, maybe everyone just needed to use them at different times! The facilities were clean and easy to use - I really can't complain about them! You also get a spare toilet roll in your room in case the one in the shared bathroom has run out.I also stayed for 1 night in a twin room with ensuite bathroom. The room was very spacious and clean. The bathroom was also top notch, it was quite small compared to the size of the room, but it had all the important stuff like a toilet and a shower in there!I stayed at The Pod when it was previously called The Pickwick Arms and it has improved so much since it has been renovated. The whole decor of the reception and rooms is much more appealing and the shared bathroom facilities are of excellent quality now.Also, air con was provided in both rooms which was a welcome bonus as the weather was scorching whilst I was there!The location is brilliant - it is only a few blocks' walk from Times Square/Rockefeller Center, and considering the price, it is a really good deal for NYC. I paid the internet rate of $149 for single room/shared facs and then $219 for the twin room. Obviously they whack on the tax to this basic price, but it is still very good.I also ate at The Pod cafe for breakfast which was a pleasant experience. The food was nice and also there are seats in the foyer, or outside in the garden, either of which I found to be comfortable places to sit and eat.Overall, I would highly recommend this hotel if you are looking for a budget hotel in a great location.	
Aug 17 2008 	Great location and good value for New York	Me and my Boyfriend stayed here for 3 nights in the middle of July at the beginning of a tour across America. The best thing about the Pod is the location. It's within walking distance of the Empire State, Central Park, Times Square and there is a metro station about 2 minutes away for access to the other main attractions. The hotel is very clean and modern. We stayed in a double room with a private shower/toilet and the room’s decor is simple but it has everything you need, including an IPOD docking station and free wi-fi. There is no doubt abut it, the rooms are small, we did struggle slightly with 3 suitcases but it is obvious when booking that this was the case and, as we were only in the room to sleep and shower, it didn't matter too much.We did have a problem with the air-con but this was sorted out within 5 mins when the reception were made aware of it. And the roof terrace is definitely worth a quick visit!!All in all, for the price paid in New York, the Pod was good value. I would not hesitate recommending it to my friends and would return (perhaps with less luggage!)	
Aug 16 2008 	Hated it	My husband and I stayed for one night (more would have been intolerable). There was an unclean smell in the hallway and the room, itself, was small as expected. It was the bathroom that was shocking, unless you have always dreamed of showering in an airplane bathroom. At least airline bathrooms have room for a toilet paper holder. The bathroom was so much tinier than I could ever have imagined and was made ridiculous by a sliding translucent door and an actual see-through window that looked directly in from the tiny bedroom. Huh? Was this supposed to be chic? It was disgusting. We will never stay at The Pod again, and unless you are the size of a pea, you probably shouldn't either.	
Aug 15 2008 	A jail cell but in a fabulous location	I chose this hotel because of its location, which is fantastic (51st between 2nd and 3rd). The price was $159 per night, both through the hotel website and Expedia. For this, I got a single bed in a very tiny room, with a sink (the kind you see in airplane bathrooms). The toilet and shower were down the hall - 2 for the entire floor. Although previous reviews suggested the bathrooms were kept immaculate, I cannot agree. There was perpetually a very large puddle of water on the floor in both and other occupants often left items in the very small rooms. Although the hotel was booked solid, it was rare I actually had to wait for the bathroom, but in the morning it was a problem. A far bigger problem was that, in a 14 story hotel, there was only one working elevator and the waits could be considerable, particularly for those of use on the highest floors. On the plus side, they offer reasonable (for New York) priced items for breakfast and, given the location, there were plenty of alternatives for eating. There is a roof deck that was very popular and a restaurant attached. Free wifi worked well. Decent selection of channels on the flat screen. Check in and out was relatively painless and there is a ground transport agent during the day in the hotel to help with flight connections. I am likely at the age where I no longer wish to share bathrooms with strangers, so perhaps this was not the best hotel for me. The other guests were noticably younger. The location is superb and the price (for New York) was low, although it does not seem unreasonable to have even a small private bathroom for $160 per night. If you don't mind standing in other peoples shower water or waiting to use a toilet, this hotel is fine. Not great, but fine.	
Aug 11 2008 	Great Place but don't tell anyone it'll be our secret	I’ve read several reviews that keep stating that it is ‘Small’ etc, but this is the selling point of the hotel, plus there is a clue in their name!! It a clean, Funky, well furnished room at a great price for New York. What more could you ask for?? The few downsides there are, are minimal. Such as the elevator is incredible slow, there were one or two rude members of staff, but there are more than enough nice one to make up for them, they could give you more than one bottle of shampoo if you stayed a week like I did. On the plus side, it is a great location (only a few blocks away from Times Square), Great Lobby &amp; Garden, Rooms are clean, the maids are friendly (A rarity for NYC!) the art work is vibrant and well suited to the environment. Cheap.I kind of don’t want to recommend this place because when I go back, I’m afraid they will jack their prices due to demand!!	
Aug 9 2008 	small but nice	Stayed in the pod for 9 nights. a great base to see new york. room was very small, There was one sliding door for the toilet and shower, if you wanted to use the toilet, you pull the sliding door in front of the toilet, sounds weird but it worked. The room was grand, had air con, flat screen tv, beds changed and room cleaned every day. It was in a good location, 2 blocks from 51st subway station. 2nd avenue was one block down with loads of irish bars and different restaurants. there was breakfast served in lobby but it was expensive. We loved the pod!	
Aug 7 2008 	Modern Clean but Small!	When I contacted the hotel and booked a room for a &quot;single&quot;, the hotel personel informed me that it would be plenty big for my boyfriend and I. However, when I checked in the hotel the front desk employee told me that I needed to upgrade to a double because a single is wayyy too small for us. We went upstairs to check out the room and it was very small. There was barely enough room for both of us to stand up and it was really hot. We went downstairs and wanted a bigger room but the front desk employee told us we had to almost pay double for the bigger room. We were not willing to do that so instead, we slept head to toe on our romantic getaway! Other than that, it was a young hip place that is perfect for the single traveler.	
Aug 6 2008 	Great Hotel	Great bargain hotel. Rooms are a bit small but very clean and modern with LCD tv´s and free wifi. We stayed in a room with bunkbeds and shared baths. The shared bathrooms are very clean and fresh. Big plus for the roof terrace.	
Aug 6 2008 	2nd stay here...will not be my last!	I stayed at The Pod Hotel four years ago when it was The Pickwick Arms, an out-dated, dark, small roomed place. Incidently, my old review was not great. But i heard it had been refurbished, plus the price was a bargain so i gave it another shot.I wasn't disappointed. The hotel has been transformed into a clean, funky, youthful looking place. The lobby is attractively lit, with lots of seating and space. Check in was the quickest i've ever experienced. Staff were very friendly.I had a double pod which wasn't a bunk but a double bed. I'm a solo traveller so i was happy with the 'extra' space. The room is tiny and i struggle to comprehend how 2 people could comfortably stay in the double room but hey, if you're not fussy then you should be fine.The room was very well organised. Storage in nooks and under the bed. A small desk and chair beside the bed. The sink area had small shelves hidden from view and shelves beneath it with lots of towels and a hairdryer. They even gave shampoo, soap and body lotion. The safe was very small, hidden in the wall but i was thankful for it. There was a small shower and toilet space behind a frosted glass sliding door, which didn't close so privacy may be an issue for people sharing who aren't couples! It was a massive rainwater shower which was fantastic. There was an air con unit but this was so noisy i didn't have it on during the night which proved difficult in such hot weather. It definately needs replacing. One of the great things was the ipod dock. I was able to charge my ipod and set an alarm (i forgot both my charger &amp; clock so it was a great help!).If you get a single or bunked room you shared the four bathrooms on each floor. On my day of checkout, i didn't fly until the evening and was able to have a shower in one of the shared bathrooms. They are always available. Very clean and actually bigger than the bathroom i had in my room! The downside to The Pod Hotel was that the rooms are awfully close to one another and i could hear hairdryers, people talking, doors opening and closing and loud TVs, which was annoying when i just wanted to get some sleep at night! Also the maids are just so difficult. Even though i put a 'do not disturb' sign on my door (as i knew they started very early) they still knocked! Every bloody day! Plus the hoovering and chatting from them seemed to go on for hours. I swear they hoovered the floor outside my room five times in an hour! Another downside was the lifts. Oh my goodness, they were the slowest lifts ever! There are 2 but i often waited five minutes before giving up and using the stairs. Good workout i suppose!Location wise, hotel is east 51st between 2nd &amp; 3rd avenues. If you walk a block towards 4th you'll reach the subway to uptown and a further block is the subway downtown. It's on the 6 which is great for going to Brooklyn Bridge downtown plus the Met and Bloomingdales uptown. The hotel is about a 20 minute walk to Times Square, if that!There are plenty of restaurants around the hotel and a supermarket on 2nd ave at the corner of 51st. Another thing is they serve breakfast in the hotel lobby from 6am. Nothing special but it beats walking on an empty stomach!Overall, i am so pleased i went back to The Pod Hotel. Fantastic little, well organised, bargain rooms in a quiet area. As somewhere to just rest your head, its almost luxury!	
Aug 4 2008 	great find!	This is probably the best deal in Manhattan. We stayed in a bunk bed room for less than $200/night. -Shared restroom wasn't an issue, I never even checked the light above the door, because in 4 days I didn't have to wait once.-The room was tiny, but that's not why you're in NYC, right? It was perfect for what it was- a clean, cold, place to sleep. -Did I mention clean? I was pleasantly surprised by the level of cleanliness. Very good in that respect.-Other raves: rooftop garden, nice doormen, and helpful (&amp; hot) concierges. -We also arrived early without notice, and were allowed to check in, so that was cool.-Other guests seemed to be friendly and respectful.-Negatives- -the maids were a bit noisy when making their rounds at 9:30am, but I guess some people might already be getting ready for lunch at that hour. Not me. Still sleeping. -The restrooms didn't have fans... odd. which made for a bit o'steam in peak shower times, but it was certainly manageable.	
Aug 4 2008 	Cute and Perfect	My friend and I spent one night at The Pod in NYC and we loved it. We stayed in the bunk beds with the shared bathrooms. Everything was clean and we had no problems with the bathrooms.The roof top terrace is adorable and there is a great view during the day and at night. There are a lot of good restaurants and bars within walking distance to The Pod.We took the bus and then subway from La Guardia and had no problem. The subway station is only a couple minutes walk from The Pod.	
Aug 3 2008 	Compact Comfort-E Midtown Location	If you are larger in size or need extra room to &quot;spread-out&quot; /move around-you may want to consider another hotel. BUT, if you are looking for an affordable- clean, comfortable room that is designed to maximize use of space in East Midtown Manhattan then DO consider ThePod.Most reviews cover the basics: great location in Midtown Manhattan 51st East of Lexington; close to MOMA, the Lexington subway, short distance from Times Square and Central Park. Lobby is minimalist/modern. Outdoor-indoor cafe/restaurant. 14th floor observation terrace, and neighborhood outdoor cafes/restaurants just down the street off of 2nd Avenue.We enjoyed a room with full size bed with in room bathroom- Could have opted for the &quot;shared&quot; bathroom accomodations at a cheaper price..but we decided to &quot;splurge&quot;. The bed was firm..and the in room air conditioner worked very well. Bathroom was situated in a small closet like room with sliding door. Compact arrangement of shower stall/commode/sink/ mirror. I loved the sink; stainless steel with a clever flip-cap drain. Towels were basic variety white (not too large) and extra toiletries included: soap, shampoo, lotion..and a hairdryer. Free Wifi---no inroom coffee service (but coffee available for purchase via lobby cafe) I checked out the &quot;community bathroom&quot; on our floor..and would have been comfortable with the arrangements if needed. All clean.Check out the 14th floor outdoor terrace for relaxing star gazing and byob beverage sipping. The Pod reminded me of a &quot;modern&quot; dormitory a la IKEA- and would go back again.	
Aug 3 2008 	All you need.	Spent one night here, but would have been happy to spend more. Clean bright rooms, our first hotel in New York that had a window to the street so we had daylight. Lovely shower, TV, storage space,roof terrace. The rooms are small but well designed. Quiet street, near plenty restaurants, etc. Don't hesitate to book unless you have a thing about floor space.	
Jul 28 2008 	2nd Time Staying. Love This Place!	This is the second time staying here. This time myself and a friend stayed for 2weeks. The Reception: The Hotel lobby is funky and the staff are helpful. Chillout lounge music played throughout the Hotel speakers including in the shared bathrooms.There's a smaller desk near the entrance door where Marco seems to organise everything including the shuttle bus to the airports. Book in advance with him as the shuttle bus has scheduled times. This is only $20 each person to JFK which is more than half price if going by taxi.The room:We had a bunk bed room which is small, compact but did the job. The room contained a bunk bed, sink area, towels, hair dryer, TV's (one to each bunk), a desk+chair and a safe.We had to share the bathrooms which are located along the corridors but there's a light indicator above our room door which showed us which ones were occupied. The bathrooms were clean and always had hot water.The air conditioning unit is below the window. We were there during the heatwave so we had to sleep with this on and put up with the noise of it but its not too bad.The roof garden:Go up to the 14th floor in the elevator, take a right down the corridor and there's a door to the stairwell on your left. Go up this to the fantastic roof garden with its fake grass and bed loungers. The last time i stayed here the roof garden was closed at 9pm but since they put up proper railings they seem to have the roof open all the time now.The Cafe:The Cafe is an area out the back off the main reception. Its very neat and trendy garden area with decking and lots of bamboo planting. There is no smoking out there so you will need to stand outside the front entrance to smoke. Its not too bad cause you end up chatting to all sorts of visitors also out smoking.The Location:The Hotel location is fantastic. Situated in a fairly residential area of Midtown East between 2nd &amp; 3rd Avenues. To get to the Subway take a left outside the front door, walk straight to the end of the next block and you're at the subway for the Uptown 6 train. The Downtown 6 is just across the street.There are plenty of bars and eateries around this area. For a real New York style breakfast go to the Morning Star Cafe on 2nd Ave. (take right outside Hotel and right again at the corner)Beside that there's an Irish Pub called the Pig and Whistle. This opens until 4am!For Laundry there's a Laundry service across from the Pig and Whistle. There's a big one on the corner but we used the small one beside the other corner where the flower shop is. Bring your bag of laundry in and they price it by the weight. It cost about $9 for a weeks load of washing. Drop it off and pick it up later in the day. They open until 7pm and your washing is returned washed, dried, folded and vacuum packed!We didn't get them ironed but i borrowed an iron and ironing board from the guys at the front desk of the Hotel.Overall this is a fantastic Hotel that is reasonably priced and has everything you need for a visitor.	
Jul 27 2008 	Best Place to stay in NYC	I'll keep it short and simple. Excellent service, clean rooms and clean bathrooms (we chose the bunk bed option which had bathrooms you share with other rooms on your floor), reasonable rates, excellent location (few blocks from subway and times square), surrounded by restaurants, bars and a great cupcake shoppe. There's an adorable outside courtyard that serves a delicious breakfast in the morning. There's also a rooftop terrace with an amazing view at night of the city lights. Can't wait to go back!!!!	
Jul 27 2008 	Visit the roof terrace at night !	If you want central New York without the high prices this is the place to stay.Stayed there 25 July for my 1st night in America on a 3 week coast to coast to SF. It couldnt be easier to get to.Take the Air Train from JFK (free the day that I travelled) then the E line subway to Lexington 53rd which is$2. Come out of the subway and the hotel is less than a 5 min walk/2 blocks away. Better than $50 in a cab.The hotel check in was quick and the staff were really friendly, just what you want after a 7 hour flight. The rooms are exactly as described...immaculately clean and serve a purpose. Some people say they are too small but who goes to NY to stay in the hotel?Free wifi for your laptop and a docking station for your ipod in every room and the single room that I had also had a wash basin and all the toiletries and towels. The little lights that let you know if the bathroom is empty are ideal asalthough there are only 2 per floor I never had to wait and they were always clean and tidy. The shower is excellent as it has mid level jets as well as the overhead shower.Come out of the front door of the hotel and turn right and 20 meters away at the intersection is a road with plenty of lively bars and restaurants and although travelling alone and my 1st time in NYC I had no problem at all. This is a very nice neighbourhood. Come out of the hotel and turn left onto Lexington and you are immediately hit with the sort of views that you associate with NYC....huge skyscrapers !Its within a 15 - 20 mninute walk to places like 5th Avenue, Times Square etc ( although maybe it just seemed that short as there is so much to take in ! )But the mind blowing thing the 1st time you see it is to go on the roof terrace at night. I walked out onto the terrace about 2am and it was still really warm and the view just was amazing. A nice place to sit in the cool morning as well with a coffee from the Starbucks just round the corner ( out of the hotel turn right then turn right).Checkout the staff were really helpful and I needed to get to Newark airport to collect my hire car. They run a shuttle for $20 per person which runs every hour but you need to book this. I got a NY cab ( part of the NY experience ) to Penn station and caught a train.If I was staying in NY again I would definitely stay here.I can't think of a bad thing to say about the place	
Jul 26 2008 	great hotel! for a great price	i will start of by saying i'm a hotel snob.i was on a tight budget because i was paying for me and some employees rooms.i was really worried about the quality of the hotel as website can be miss leading. however the reveiws are right, this place is cool.and really clean.the double room that i stayed in might sleep two, but the two better be real close .my only compaint is the pillows are foam ands some of the sheets and towel are past retirement time, not all, but don't get me wrong by no means horrible.small rooms yes, but most rooms in NYC are.i have stayed in 4 star hotels that where not this comfortable,and free wi-fi is a huge bonus.if you are on a budget stay here or if you just want more cash for shoes and food stay here.	
Jul 26 2008 	Great place to stay in NYC!	Originally I had planned to stay in budget accomodations in NYC, and move here towards the end of my stay to relax in my own room. However the place I did stay in at first was so bad I had to leave. I spent a frantic morning rushing around trying to find somewhere, eventually heading to the Pod. I explained my situation and asked if they had any rooms free. The man on the desk kept getting distracted by the phone, so another man, I presume the manager, came over to check on me. He found my reservation and said my room was free now if I wanted it. They blocked it off while I went back for my bags and checked me in fine, earlier than normal but with no hassle.I was in a single room with shared bathroom, the room was small but modern and very clean. With a small hangar area, a stainless steel sink, tissues and towels, a flatscreen tv, and desk with alarm clock with an ipod dock in it. This was VERY helpful for charging up my ipod before travelling home! Esp as my ipod crashed during my stay but I could run it down and recharge it and it worked again!There was little noise from other guests, when you could hear someones TV walking the coridoors you couldnt hear that in your room. The worst was some young teenagers who were in and out of each others rooms and whispering but loudly in the coriddors. But this wasnt a big deal, and most hotels will have noise in them!The shared bathrooms were toilet, sink and shower, again modern, clean and absolutely fine. They play music in them from reception which was a nice touch, and the showers have shower gel and shampoo if you dont have your own.The staff were so helpful in getting me in when I was upset, the rooms cleaned to a very high standard, the location was great only one avenue from 51st St Subway which was a quick interchange (or walk) to Grand Central and connections there. There are a couple of places on the corner which serve food and drink, so you can get breakfast or lunch quite easily.Good hotel, and one I would stay in again without any fuss!	
Jul 22 2008 	Best Deal In NY	If you are looking for a clean, low price hotel in NY city, look no further. They did a great job renovating this hotel. The concept works: put more rooms in the same amount of space, and charge less per room. They probably make a mint, and more people stay in Manhattan than otherwise would. The hotel is kept very clean. It is modern, non-smoking, and chic. Too bad its popularity has made it difficult to book, particularly the bunk bed rooms.	
Jul 21 2008 	Great Value Just what I expected....	I stayed during July 2008. When I researched hotels during this time (peak season) I was lucky to get a room with no bathroom, and all the hotels for the same amount of money (269 a nite) had reviews that included bugs in the hotel and rude people.When I got there I was given my room key and was able to pay for the ' in case of incidentals' with cash instead of having to put up a major credit card. This was great for me because I dont have a major credit card - my fiance did but he would not be with me until he got done working later that day. The room was clean, it had a safe and it was cleaned each day. The walls are thin but I had no complaints for loud neighbors. Its stylish and its cute. There were no drapes on the windows so the sun came in strong each morning. We were on the 10th floor and had a great view. Its about 6 blocks from Rockefeller Center. I liked this hotel and I am definitely referring it to other people who don't want to spend 600 a night at the waldorf.	
Jul 21 2008 	Cute hotel but they wouldn't fix the AC	This hotel had nice, efficient, clean rooms and a great location. However, on the very hot nights I stayed, the AC broke. I notified the front desk, but they were indifferent to the situation for two nights. Later, I wrote and notified them again that the hotel stay was ruined by the sweltering room. I never heard back from them. So, I can only guess they don't really care.	
Jul 20 2008 	Not bad a little overpriced for the accomodations	The hotel is cute and pretty clean, however, it is pretty inconvenient to have such a small space. We were in the bunk-bed room, and honestly, next time we will just pay a cheaper rate at an average hotel to be budget friendly. The bathroom was down the hall -which was fine- but it was always hot and humid since people were taking showers all hours of the day, manuvering in the room was a challenge especially when your luggage comes into play, and the elevators are tiny and slooooow. But, if you are looking for safe/budget friendly/ and a good location...it is all of those.Would stay possibly stay again if a good rate and a &quot;regular hotel&quot; was not available.	
Jul 19 2008 	Very Nice Stay!	I booked this hotel less than 3 days before my stay. We had a little room with two bunk beds and a bathroom for a very great price. Though, it was the only bunk beds room with a bathroom, other rooms use shared bathroom. Everything was nickel clean, the staff was very firendly and helpfull. The hotel is pretty close to everything, from metro station right down the block to a grocery store (which is quite hard to find in Manhattan!). Every room is equiped with a Ipod station so we have the opportunity to listen to our own music while getting ready in the morning. Also, there were an individual tv for each bed, which was pretty cute. The rooms are really tiny, it's part of the hotel concept, a boat cabin look, but they are just fine.I would recommend it to everyone!	
Jul 17 2008 	Great price very clean!	My sister-in-law and I (22 and 25) wanted a cheap, but safe option for our weekend trip to NY. We booked the room with one set of bunk beds and the shared bathroom option. When we arrived, we were VERY pleased with the appearance and location of the hotel. Close to everything and the lobby was very presentable and &quot;Fun&quot;. The concierge next to the check-in desk was VERY helpful and willing to tell us anything we wanted about the city.We were on the 3rd floor. Our room was tiny, tiny, but was perfect for us just to sleep and get dressed in the mornings. The beds each had its own tv with extendable arm so that we could watch tv at night in our beds! It was GREAT! The shared bathrooms were very clean at all times. There were 4 on our floor. Each bathroom has just one sink, toilet, and shower in it. The shower heads were the big ones that come down like rain above you and you could adjust to your desired temperature! Our only complaint was that one of the showers had a clogged drain, so that particular shower filled up and overflowed into the rest of the small bathroom. I read other reviews before booking this hotel and found that some people stated there were no sheets provided. THAT IS NOT TRUE! Each bed is covered with a red or blue &quot;cover&quot; and you have to peel back that cover to reveal the sheets and blanket. Overall, this is an EXCELLENT place to stay if you are just looking for somewhere to sleep, shower, and if you want a great location. It is clean and I would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 16 2008 	Clean. Friendly staff. Perfect location.	My girlfriend and I stayed at the Pod Hotel in July of 2008. We stayed four nights in a bunk bed room, with shared bathroom. The room was small, but extremely clean and functional (small desk, wireless Internet, two small flat-screen tvs, stainless steel sink, powerful AC). There were lights in the room indicating which bathroom was open. Each bathroom was unique (one was HUGE!) and generally kept very clean. The bathrooms got busy in the morning, as can be expected, but there usually wasn't a wait to use one.The location of the Pod Hotel in Midtown East Manhattan was exceptional. It's two blocks to the subway station (we mostly rode the E train), and there were many (excellent) restaurants, grocery stores, bars, drugstores, and coffee shops within a two block radius. The neighborhood was clean, and felt completely safe. We didn't really spend too much time in our room, but we would have liked to have more room to sit. After a day out, we could either lounge on the bottom bunk together, or sit at the desk, but there wasn't much room to relax. One final note: the coffee in New York was terrible! The coffee was weak and watery at EVERY place I tried. New York needs a Peet's or something.	
Jul 16 2008 	Great stay!	Stayed here 5 night in a bunk bed room with shared facilities and loved it! Clean, friendly staff, great roof terrace, great location and nice breakfast options (not included in the room). Would stay here again!	
Jul 15 2008 	The Pod Hotel is perfection in my book	I found a $50 fare on Spirit Airlines from Fort Lauderdale to Long Island Islip and thought a couple of days in the city would be nice (too bad they are suspending service to Long Island for a while). I started to look for hotels near Times Square and came across the Hotel Carter (the lowest rated hotel on the entire planet) for $139 and also showed the Pod Hotel. On all of the travel sites, they showed the hotel booked (I was looking 4 days prior to travel...this was a last-minute trip). I never gave-up. I called the hotel and they showed full. I called back later. A VACANCY!$139 for a single (shared bath), YAY!I took the LIRR into Penn Station ($20 RT) and bought a single subway ticket on the 6 train to 51st Street and walked one-block east to the hotel.It took 45 seconds to check-in. The clerk was smiling and very courteous (he looked a little like Stanley Tucci).I was given room 1410 on the SE corner of the floor and immediately began looking around my room. It was perfect for my needs. I am 6'1&quot; and the bed had ample room for me. I'm also 250 lbs/ 22 kilo / just over 20 stone and the bed was STILL roomy! I checked out the hangers (stainless steel and not plastic or wood) and washbasin. Perfect. I have been on plenty of cruises and this was a little bigger than a single stateroom. I was not planning on stayin IN the hotel so I was giddy with joyI didn't bring my laptop but called to the desk to get my wifi acces code and hooked up my HP IPAQ pocket PC to look for things to do in the area. I found out that the best restaurant in the area was Le Bateau Ivre (ask for Louis..amd the bartender that looks a little like Phil Collins...they are great!!!!...located downstairs at the hotel!I had a wonderful dinner there and took my left-over bottle of Côtes du Rhône to the rooftop and met severel fellow travelers there while looking out over the peaceful cityscape of Turtle Bay. You can see a great view of the unique 100 UN Plaza condo and the Citicorp building behind you. There was a beautiful silence there and plenty of comfy places to sit. Just remember that the rooftop access isn't posted. Just go to the 14th floor and take the stairs (B) to the roof.As I was coming down the elevator, I could hear some singing (poor, dunken, singing) and the elevator car stopped on the sixth floor where the singing was coming from. As I reached the lobby, I informed the desk clerk and he grabbed the security guard without even hesitating and RAN to the elevator to take care of the problem. I was extremely imopressed by the speed at which they took care of the problem. I walked one block west to Azure a 24-hour gourmet market for a bottle of Pellegrino and returned to my room.The next morning, after a great sleep, I went to the lobby cafê for French press coffee, smoked salmon, with dill creme fraiche and baguette and OJ. The outdoor setting was beautiful and tranquil (check out the Green Acre Park across the street to the west).I gushed to the staff how wonderful my stay was and will plan on spending my next visit to NY with them.PS. I was surprised when I looked out of my window at dawn. The building where the crane collapsed (the first one) was on the next block.	
Jul 14 2008 	Great value - highly recommended	Given that New York hotels are extremely expensive, this one has to be considered in context. It’s pretty bare bones, but gives great value for what you pay. Just be sure you manage your expectations. The rooms are truly tiny, but with contemporary décor and very efficiently arranged. Very clean with sufficient amenities. Flat screen t.v., and free wireless internet. Location is central, convenient to restaurants, shops; striking distance to various sites and public transport. Staff is friendly and helpful. Bed was comfortable. My double room was fine for one person, but for two would be cozy at best. Consider it as an affordable option if you’re in New York and abhor the thought of paying several hundred for an average room.	
Jul 13 2008 	W meets Super 8	I can't tell you how impressed I was! Not so much by the hotel, as I was by other trip advisor members whose reviews were right on the money! This is a great site and I really rely on it a lot.Needless to say, pretty much everything you read below is right on the money. I'll make a few key points though.....The hotel overall had a very young and euro feel to it. Definetly uber-hip. The lobby is very cool and you are impressed when you walk in. I was nervous because I didn't know once I got upstairs if it was going to be more like a hostel than a hotel.The guest rooms (I had a single one-person room) are definetly SMALL. No doubt. But it's clean and modern. It really worked for me. Although it's &quot;budget&quot; you quickly forget that when you are there. There are &quot;extras&quot; that make it seem more luxury - plasma tv, hair dryer, cool toilitries, free in-room safe, in-room stainless steel sink, modern &quot;Bertia&quot; chair........Now I did hot have a private bathroom. There were four bathrooms on my floor. You get an indicator light in your room when they are full. However, I never did have to wait. The bathrooms are VERY VERY nice......modern tile, rainhead shower. I found it to be very clean. I would forget that I was in a shared facility. it was just fine.There was always a concierge downstairs who was very friendly and very helpful. I didn't get the idea he was trying to sell anything. There is a great patio area outside which would be great to hang out in if you had a group.A couple negatives: Slow elevators. Security seemed a little lax - in the evenings the front door is not secured. This place is not for you if you need a lot of room or if you plan on spending a lot of time in the room. On the flip side, if all you need it a basic place to lay your head, you can probably find something even cheaper (i.e. YMCA). However, for me this was perfect and I'd go back in a heartbeat.	
Jul 12 2008 	The perfect choice!	This was my second visit to The Pod Hotel, the previous time was 2004 when it was still the Pickwick Arms. I absolutely love the place! Firstly, it is so conveniently situated in the midtown area and only a couple of minutes walk from the subway. Secondly, it has been beautifully renovated and recreated as The Pod. My room was small but I expected that. Initally I shared a corridor bathroom, for the first three nights of my six night stay, then I upgraded to a single pod with a private bath. The corridor bathrooms were fine, I just found I'd gotten a little too old and set in my ways to share, especially for that middle-of-the-night 'loo run. The staff at the reception desk were unfailingly polite and helpful and Rafael, who books airport transfers among many other tasks, was especially pleasant and friendly. The room maids were quick and did a good job each time and were also very nice. Near the hotel you'll find any number of restaurants, cafes and other places where you can eat in or takeaway. I went to Pax each morning (turn left out of the hotel and walk to the corner, it's right there) for a great, inexpensive breakfast made by lightening-quick staff. There's also no shortage of supermarkets/pharmacies, atms and so forth in the area. Turn right out of the hotel and walk a block and a half to find the laundry where you can leave your dirty clothes and they'll be washed, dried, folded and waiting for you later in the day - you pay for this by the pound (in weight not sterling currency).I was on the 14th floor of the hotel overlooking the street and had a great view and no street noise. There was the usual corridor noise of closing doors but, as most of the rooms on my floor were occupied by single travellers, there was no noise from pairs and triples returning to their rooms and yacking all the way.I'm already planning another stay at The Pod in September next year and will never stay anywhere else in NYC if I can get a room there.	
Jul 11 2008 	Good for the price and location but room is really too small...	I stayed three nights with my wife. We are a thirty years old couple and hotel looked surprisingly refreshing. Decoration is classy and very cool. Immaculately clean. Service is good and efficient. Location is bloody great, in the heart of Manhattan, some blocks away from the Cathedral. The only big issue is the size of the room: really, really too small. I remember only seeing something like this in London. Good for romance, bad for sharing personal hygiene…. Generally speaking for the price I paid (US$ 100/night) it was a good deal, but not for couples like us. I will not come back, but definitely would send my teen daughter. She is going to love it!	
Jul 11 2008 	Great value for money for NYC standards	Our stay at the Pod Hotel was quite pleasant. We didn't have very high expectations, because we knew where we were going. For New York standards, this is great value for money. Hotels in NY are soooo expensive so this hotel was a great discovery. If you need the hotel just for a sleep then I think this is a great choice! The area is good, close to the subway and the staff is friendly.I think we would go back there again.	
Jul 9 2008 	Good but not so budget-friendly	I stayed in a double-bed room with private bathroom for 2 nights. The room was like a submarine cabin - extremely efficiently laid out, neat, clean, very modern, yet friendly. The room was perfect for one person - I do not believe having another one there would be possible. The shower was a surprise, though, really large, especially in contrast to all the other spots in the room where space was economised... The whole room design was very pleasing. My room was on the 3rd floor, facing courtyard, so in the morning I had to lean out of the bathroom window to see a scrap of the sky - to figure out whether it was sunny or cloudy. Location was also great - I went out alone in the evening and it is close to the subway, and in a very busy neighbourhood, so very safe. Lots of shops nearby open until late for a midnight snack. Lounge was fabulous. Wireless internet worked like a charm.  Now, a few cons. The a/c unit, though covered by new wooden slats, was very old, and extremely noisy, and I had to switch it off for the night. The elevators (there are only 2) are ancient, and slow - it would be nice if the guests staying on the lower floors had an easier access to stairs. Perhaps it was the location of my room, but I kept hearing banging doors to the common bathrooms a lot during the night. Finally, while perhaps it is a budget hotel if you choose the shared bathroom accommodation, I did not find it a budget at all for the other rooms. For as much - or less - I could have stayed in a hotel less hip, but with a coffeemaker and a fridge (thus saving some money on meals), and perhaps more space, had I come with a partner or kids.	
Jun 30 2008 	simple trendy clean	I stayed in the Pod for 4 nights . the room was tiny but very clean and trendy.Very good located..near everything and not expensive for NY.I was in the 6th floor and it wasn´t noisy like other reviews sad. I slept very well..of course I was tired of walking all day!!! I would love to come back	
Jun 30 2008 	Good location but how small are the rooms?	I know hotels in NY are expensive and myself and a mate booked this - still costing over £400 each! The location was good enough but oh my goodness, how small are the rooms!!!! It was like a prison cell. The bathroom was weird, you could see into the shower and had to move the sliding door to obscure the view! It was just really strange. On the plus side it was very clean. I do think next time though I would think about how to spend my hotel budget and pay more for a good nights sleep!	
Jun 29 2008 	How refreshing - a hotel that markets itself just as it is...	For my first trip to New York I booked six nights at the Pod Hotel. The total price including taxes was 918 USD. This was for a single room with shared facilities. The hotel is located within walking distance of Times Square and the subway line is only one block away.Arrival was quick and easy and I was soon in my sixth floor room overlooking the courtyard. The room was small but as expected with new flat screen tv, complimentary wifi (I now only stay at hotels with free wifi - there's no excuse for not having this important facility), ipod docking station and safe. The room felt very clean and new. Given the hotel's status as a 1* job, I was really surprised at what I actually got. For a budget place, I really felt at home. The hotel positions itself as a groovy place where you can hang out, either reading or as many people were doing, surfing the web on their laptops. I took breakfast each day in the hotels outdoor cafe - a coffee and bagel with jam came to just under 5 USD. Overall, this was a perfect base to explore New York and I will definitely be back in the future.	
Jun 27 2008 	Unique; more modern than comfortable	*When you enter the pod, you feel like you've entered a Macintosh computer.*Very stylish on a budget (I paid $200 for a small room w/ my own bath); not bad for a clean, fun hotel in this location*The room was very small, even for NYC, but had some design features which made it workable. A mixture of ikea furniture and some original pieces; the sink, for example, was beautiful, as was the lighting. The bed frame seemed like particle-board ikea throw-away*The bed was quite hard, as were the pillows*The air-conditioner was relatively quite*The rooftop deck is fabulous*The service was efficient and direct but not overly friendly UNTIL I met the concierge, who was very eager to help in any way*The music in the lobby and hallways was killer	
Jun 27 2008 	The Pod Exceeds All Expectations	I spent 4 nights in a single pod room with a shared bathroom this month. Initially I was concerned about the shared bath situation and tried for a while to find a hotel where I'd have my own, but i could not find any other property that matched the pod's value and quality. You walk in the front door and the extremely hip lobby instantly puts you at ease - I was on the tenth floor and took the very slow elevator up and found yes my room was small, but it was so well designed it didn't seem to matter! That said i would not recommend putting more than one person into a single room, it really is designed for one! Other reviewers note they never had to wait for a bathroom, i kinda doubted it, but its so true, I never had to wait once! At most i think i saw the one bathroom being used on the floor at any one time.The location is fantastic there are heaps of places to eat and drink in the area, a couple of grocery stores and its a short walk up the road to a couple of different subway stations. The only real downside i had was that like many other reviewers noted, the banging doors at night can be annoying. Its almost impossible to close a door without making alot of noise. That said it wasn't a huge issue.If you are on a budget in New York then feel confident about booking the Pod, its the best value going around!	
Jun 24 2008 	Great place for the $$	While attending a seminar on 3rd avenue, I stayed for (3) days in a double room with a private bathroom. Although the room was tiny, it was trendy and clean. The hotel staff was friendly and courteous. Most other hotels within the area were twice to three times the cost of this hotel. Excellent location too! Have already booked another stay in October.	
Jun 21 2008 	The Pod is Perfect!	My 17 year-old daughter and I just returned from a 4 day stay at the Pod Hotel. What an amazing place!! Believe me, we couldn't have been more pleased! This hotel is truly the hidden jewel in NYC!We had a bunk room and it was perfect for us. Just like the other reviews have said, it was a tiny room. But, don't let that stop you! Everything in the room was very comfortable, clean, sleek, and modern. Our mattresses were firm and supportive, and the pillows and sheets were super comfy and didn't feel like standard hotel issued linens. Also, having our own flat screen tv's on each bunk was an awesome way for each of us to spend some time alone - even though we were still together in the room. You can watch the tv's with or without headphones. In our case, my daughter used her headphones on the top bunk while I chose not to use headphones on the bottom bunk. Watching our own favorite tv shows was a great way for us to unwind each night before we went to sleep. Before we got to the Pod, I was a little apprenhensive about the shared bathrooms. Even though all the reviews had been positive about them, I was still a little leary of their cleanliness and proximity to the room. I even worried about my daughter having to go down the hall by herself at night to use them. But, once we got there and I saw for myself how close the rooms were to the bathrooms, and how spotless they were, all my fears vanished! Again, the bathrooms were small, but they were exceptionally clean and modern. We stayed in on the second floor and our room was literally six steps away from two bathrooms. There was always a bathroom available for us whenever we needed it, too. The rainfall showerheads and the soft music in the bathroom also added to their charm. All in all, this hotel is amazing!!! The staff is friendly and helpful, the decor is funky, hip, and classy at the same time, and it's in a very safe, comvenient location. Thank you to whoever designed this hotel and made the prices so reasonable!!! We enjoyed every minute of our stay and I can't recommend the Pod enough!	
Jun 18 2008 	Good chic room but a lot of noise at night in the hallway!	Learnt about the Pod Hotel on Tripadvisor and stayed for 3 nights in May on my 3rd trip to NYC.I wasn't disappointed. The room was as described, small but new and decent. When I arrived though, there were bits of food left in the basin inside the room and I had to clean it off myself! :-(I didn't know that I would have issues with common bathroom until I experienced it. The bathrooms are generally clean though on my floor, there are only 4. At times, guests left used soaps and towels there when they are done and the maids couldn't remove the items in time. My main problem is that being female, I was just not comfortable walking around with wet hair or having to go back to the room to get toiletries I forgot to bring along. It's my own problem, I guess? I like the piped music in the bathrooms a lot, it's really soothing!Given that all the rooms are really small and the hallway is just two steps away from your bed, when someone comes back late in the night, you can hear the person; worse still if there are 2 or 3 of them and they don't have the courtesy to keep their voices down even when it's 2 a.m. in the morning. It happened every night during my stay, which was unfortunate.The hallway is dim even in the morning, this may be part of the design but I prefer public areas properly lit. Staff at the front desk were polite but not extremely helpful. The bell hop was very friendly but obviously overloaded. When I called him to help me with my 3 big bags (I was in the US for two weeks...), he told me that I had to wait for half an hour. In the end, it took me two trips to drag my bags down to the lobby. It took 15 mins. The elevators are very slow and stopped on almost every floor when I was there. As for the location, it's excellent. It's in a very good commercial district with Pax (the cafe ideal for breakfast) just two minutes' away (don't get cappucinos there, not really expresso coffee; the coffee of the day is OK and their sandwiches, delicious) and a even bigger suppermarket that comes with a deli serving decent pasta and snacks with great variety (pl see pic attached). The neighbourhood is safe.I agree with the previous reviewer that if you are on your own, Pod is a good choice. I took a look at the double room and the one with the bunk bed - for what the hotel charges, you may be better off with a full-service hotel. It was an interesting experience overall, I might stay at the Pod again if I ever travel to NYC alone.	
Jun 15 2008 	Would stay again but not with somebody else	Stayed 3 nights--11 to 14 June in a single on the 3rd floor opposite the street. The room and bathrooms were safe, clean, and efficient. By American standards, it is a very small room, but the average &quot;Businessman's Hotel&quot; room in Japan is about the same size. I never had to wait for a bathroom, and I only saw 3 other guests in the hallway during my entire stay. Yes, you can hear other guests closing their doors from inside your room. I could hear other TV sets while standing in the hallways, but I could not hear them from within my room.I took shower shoes (flip flops that you would wear to the beach) because I knew about the shared bathrooms. Not really necessary, but I wanted to be prepared. If you have never been to summer camp, a youth hostel, or an Army barracks, the shared bathrooms might be concern. Fine for me, but would be a turn off to my girlfriend or my parents.Had difficulty with WiFi. Had to call tech support twice and spent 20 minutes each time. Once hooked up, it was fine. AC would cool room at first then it just quit. For that size room, it should have been freezing because outside was in the mid 80's.Plenty of restaurants, cafes, bars, and small grocery stores in the area. A smal fridge in the room would have been great, but they probably do not want to encourage food in the room to prevent roaches.About a 5 minute walk (with luggage) to subaway station at 53rd and Lexington. Catch E train ($2) to Jamaica Station and transfer to AirTrain ($5) to JFK. Took about 45 minutes on a Saturday morning. Pay attention to stops because station announcements are difficult to hear.	
Jun 15 2008 	Fantastic gem of a place	Took my boyfriend to NYC for his 30th back in Feb. Booked the Pod because of good reviews and I didn't have loads of cash to splash. Had a double room and it was fantastic. Small but perfectly formed. If you like each other's company and don't have stacks of luggage this is the place for you. Also, room was really warm despite it being freezing cold outside. Go and enjoy!	
Jun 13 2008 	Excellent "Jumping Off" point for international travel	I had never been to NYC, and I had an international flight out of JFK.I decided to spend 2 nights here and for my needs it was perfect.Flew in to La Gaurdia, took bus to Harlem (don't be scared people c'mon), took subway almost directly to hotel. Checked in after midnight with no problems.Concierge provided a map of the city and some good advice for breakfast, and I walked everywhere (anywhere is in walking distance, if you have enough time!)Convenient light in room alerts you if the shared bathroom is in use, very useful. Room small but clean, and who spends all day their hotel room anyway? New flat panel TV in room ,but never used it. Very clever use of space in the room makes it a pleasant experience.Great views from the rooftop garden.Checked out painlessly. Took subway to Jamaica, changed trains to JFK. Arrived at airport earlier than expected.All in all a very convenient location, for only $100/night!	
Jun 13 2008 	Definately Recommended	My wife and I stayed at the Pod for 3 nights in Dec 07. After being recommended by a number of friends, we certainly weren't dissapointed. Ok, as you will know by now after reading the reviews, the rooms are small, but they are designed in a way that prevents this being an issue. If you have more than 3 big suitcases you may struggle but even then, you're in NYC - as long as you can get to the bed you'll be ok. We booked a 'double room' which as adequate for our needs. The walk in shower was a welcome retreat after a long days walking in NYC. With in easy reach of all the major sights (whether by metro, or by foot) you won't be dissapointed with the location. One tip, if you're planning on going up the Empire State Building, don't. Go up the Rockerfella instead. Its cheaper, less crowded, almost as high and you get to see the Empire State Building in all its glory!! Also going at Chritmas provides the true NYC experience, the lights, the music, the horse and carriage ride in Central Park; it can't get much better than this. Thanks to the Pod for a great base for a great trip.	
Jun 8 2008 	Great LITTLE place if you can pardon the noise.	I stayed at The Pod Hotel for one night in May. I was hoping to get the 100$ price that so many say you can get, but ended up with taxes paying closer to 200. I booked a room with bunkbeds, as I was traveling alone.I was extremely happy with the location of The Pod. It is one train stop away from Grand Central and close to Rockefeller Plaza and excellent shopping on 5th Avenue.Yes, the rooms are small, so if you must have lots of space, then I don't recommend this hotel. I tried to imagine myself in the room with another person and found it would be tight, but there are a lot of ways to accommodate lugguage and clothing.Sharing the bathrooms/showers was not an issue, they were clean and I never had to wait long if all were occupied.I did head up to the roof, but as it was raining there was not much action up there. Seems like a lot of people will congregate in the lobby, so I assume if you were looking for new friends, you could probably find some.My biggest problem with The Pod was the noise. I was on the second floor in room 210. During the day there is the normal NYC street noise from cars, etc. In the evening I expected a certain amount of quiet and got none until about 2 a.m.. My room was directly above the restaurant below. I could hear conversations and laughing and music. It was awful!! I don't know if a room on the otherside of the hall would be better. I attribute being able to hear the noise to the fact that for air conditioning there is a unit in the window, so the noise travels because the window is not completely shut. A hard sleeper might not be bothered by this but I believe everyone else would. In the winter this could be different as I imagine the restaurant below would shut their windows and doors because of the cold.The wi-fi was out when I stayed and after a few complaints from other guest they posted signs. The docking station in my room did not work, so this was a bummer. So for this reason and the noise I rated my overall experience as average. Would I stay here again? Probably, but would ask for a room either higher up or away from the front of the building.	
Jun 8 2008 	A suite at the Pod	I stayed at The Pod for the first time on a Wednesday in early June. As a senior citizen I wasn't sure about the tiny rooms that I saw in the photographs on this website so I reserved a double room with private bath. Even then it was far less expensive than other hotels for the same night. When I arrived at 10:30 a.m. the room was not ready so I left my bag with the bellman and went off for the day. I would have preferred not to return to the hotel until after the evening theater performance but I wanted to be sure I had a room so I hiked back to 51st and 2nd after a matinee. I was upgraded to a suite on the 2nd floor. It had a sitting area and was quite large. Being The Pod I had expected hardly any space so the suite was a pleasant surprise. It had three windows that opened overlooking the street which was good and bad. Good since the air conditioner wasn't working and it was quite warm in the room but bad because the two restaurants directly below the windows did not close until 3 a.m. When I left for the evening after checking the room I told the woman at the front desk about the AC. I'm not sure it was checked while I was out and when I returned at midnight no one answered at the front desk when I called so I let it go - probably a mistake since I got little sleep with the street and restaurant noise below. Overall, the bed was comfortable enough and the room and bath were clean. The room was slightly tattered but fine for the short amount of time I was actually in it and the price was certainly much better than anywhere of comparable quality. As a single woman I felt safe in the area and walking back and forth to the theater district. 51st and 2nd isn't exactly near where I wanted to be but with good walking shoes and an unhurried pace it was easily doable.	
Jun 7 2008	Booked our friends in- love it	checked our friends into this hotel and they loved it. small but everying you need whilst in NYC.PAX deli on the corner and within walking distance of the majority of the attractions.will definately return to in the future.	
Jun 6 2008 	Great hotel for the price	I've never stayed in a hotel in NYC until the pod. I was expecting something really, really cramped, so I was not too disappointed to see a decent-sized room (I stayed in one of the 'Queen' rooms). The entire room including bathroom was very clean and everything has been designed for maximum usability. The only negative that I can mention was that a group of people were making a racket at 5 in the morning. What else can you expect, though, when you're staying with the pod people? I could hear through the door that the hotel manager threatened to call the police and they were quiet. I appreciate my sleep, and I certainly appreciated that :) The free wifi was decent and the room has a pretty good flat screen. I'll wrap up my review with the obvious benefit of this hotel - the location. For this location, the price can't be beat. If I stay in NYC again I'll be snuggling in pod!	
Jun 5 2008 	Clean but noisy	I expect a hotel to provide a clean room, a comfortable bed and some peace and quiet between 10PM and 8AM. You have to be able to breathe in the room because it is essentially a place you retreat to after a busy day whether travelling on business or for pleasure. I also expect a hotel to deliver what it advertises, staff has to be friendly, professional and helpfull.Pros: cleanliness, styleCons: noisy, tiny room, elevatorWe stayed about 5 nights in this hotel in may 2008 over a period of two weeks. Reservations were made through a travel agent and you can choose between rooms with a private or shared shower/toilet. A double is basically a bunk bed and a queen size bed is smaller than a normal queen size bed. I'm not really sure if the hotel offers singles.Reception is to the point but not friendly.We choose to have a queen bed with private shower and toilet. The room was extremely tiny and they did everything to create as much rooms as possible with the capacity that they have. There is no place to store your luggage without tripping over it unless you place your luggage under or on the very tiny desk that you have. This tiny desk is in fact a larger bed side table. If you stay with 2 persons you cannot get around each other. You do have a small safe.The bed is too small for 2 people and oriented the wrong way. You have a headboard and two bed side table but you are sleeping alongside the headboard, your head against one bed side table, your feet against the other one. This is a problem if you your body height is on the large size.The hotel is extremely noisy. Sound isolation was not a priority. Doors and walls are paper thin and the crack between the door and the floor is about half an inch. The best thing that you can do is put your luggage on the floor in front of the door to block of the crack and the noise. But even then, bring earplugs because you are going to need them. During the first half of our stay, our room was located on the backside, the second half of our stay our room was located on the front side. Backside is worse but still better then the front side. You basically hear the people next door.You have a small flat screen located on a wall but positioned completely the wrong way and we were unable to turn or tilt it. Best way to watch TV is to simply stand in the pathway that goes from the door to the toilet/shower or bend your neck in a very uncomfortable way.There was a problem with the wireles internet but they posted a notice that they were working on it.The Pod hotel does not have a restaurant but does offer breakfast in the morning. This is on the expensive side and the bagels, croissants, etc. are not very fresh. There is a terrace and you are free to buy your breakfast/lunch/dinner somewhere else and bring it to the hotel. Best thing to do is walk 3 minutes to a store called Azure. The Pod hotel works with a restaurant located next door that offers French cuisine. The food is good but expensive. The wine list is huge. People that don't drink alcohol have one option: water. I would advise you to visit the other French restaurant (the one on your right side when you are standing in front of the entrance) and go for the Broadway show menu (served at specific hours). It was excellent and good value for money.Checkout in the hotel was not a problem but I expect hotel staff to always inquire if there were any problems. They didn't. I did not fill out a feedback card because there was none, my guess is that this is intentionally.Location: 8/10Staff helpfulness: 6/10Cleanliness of the room: 8/10Room size and decoration: 3/10Good night of sleep: 5/10Price was around $180 per night. You can get a room with a bunk bed shared shower/toilet as low as 100$. I did in fact got a glimpse of a room like that and I would suggest to go for this room. There is more space in the room (because there is no toilet and shower and the beds are much larger and comfortable + you each get your own little flat tv screen. The room that I saw also had a small hand washer. I also took a look at the shared shower/toilets and they looked pretty descent and clean.The hotel has only 2 elevators to cover 12 floors and they are slow. On average, we had to wait about 3 to 6 minutes before we were able to get into one. If you were lucky it did not stop on all the other floors.I would not stay in this hotel again unless I have no other choice, if so, I would go for the room with a bunk bed with a shared shower/toilet.	
Jun 5 2008 	Excellent stay at The Pod	My boyfriend and I stayed for a week at the hotel, we booked a Double room. Upon arrival, we were very impressed with the trendy and chic interior. Checking in was so quick and i quote what the dude at the counter said, &quot;I don't need no papers&quot;. Within minutes we were in the lift, going up to dump our luggage. The only one thing i had a little 'ugh' with is the lift. If unluckily, it takes a couple of minutes to wait for one. Plus it's small so if two people are waiting with lugggage, and it's a little crowded, you'd have to wait for the next one. The room is small but enough to move around to pack or unpack. I fell in love with the rainshower! The toilet is great, sleek and sexy design. There's WIFI in the room so bring a laptop if you're the kind who can't live a day without checking your email. An iPod dock as well. The window can be opened so it's nice to pop your head out to get some air. Location is great too, food just below and down the street. There's a 24 hour shop called Azure down the corner at 51 St &amp; Third Ave. Fruits, sandwiches, cereal, you name it. MacD's two shops down. The subway is a short walk too. You can walk to Fifth Ave, Radio City, the MOMA, Central Park.I definitely recommend this hotel to anyone. We saw old couples, families, just about everyone at the hotel. And I would return to stay again.	
Jun 4 2008 	The Pod worked for us!	We booked 2 bunk rooms the end of June. The Pod was very clean, quiet and is in a great location! We were in a side room on the 4th floor and never heard a thing at night - slept great. We didn't mind sharing a bathroom - they were always clean and always available. The whole time we were there, the wifi was spotty, so if that's a necessity, you should check to make sure it's working. (We didn't bring laptops so didn't care). We found the staff friendly and helpful. The Pax restaurant is just down the street and has great, healthy food! Here are a few of our &quot;wants&quot;: a small refrigerator would have been great, plastic glasses to enjoy wine or beverages on 14th floor, corkscrew (throw one in your checked luggage). Overall, the Pod worked wonderfully for us!	
May 31 2008 	Small but perfectly formed	I've just returned from a 6 night stay at The Pod and it was fantastic. Last time I went to NYC I stayed in a 5* hotel which was a great experience but I was only ever in the room to sleep and wash so this time I decided to stay somewhere more practical.My sister and I stayed in a bunk room which had plenty of room for us, our 4 cases and the numerous shopping bags we acquired over the course of our stay. The shared bathrooms were always clean and tidy and we never had to wait for one. After reading other reviews I was a bit concerned about noise from other guests / outside, but the whole time I heard little to no noise from other guests and the noise from outside is what you'd expect in a city like NY but it never woke me up. There are plenty of bars/pubs and restaurants nearby, with many of them open late. We went to the Morning Star Cafe for breakfast and I recommend it.Overall I enjoyed my stay at The Pod Hotel and it was exactly what you need when visiting NYC, a clean place in a great location to rest your head and shower before hitting the streets for shopping and sightseeing.	
May 28 2008 	Great value for money	It was a great experience of 3 nights (22-25 May), starting from reading those good reviews on it. We booked our bunkbed rooms directly from them, but later realize we can also book them via other websites (eg. otel.com) that offer rebates for future use. Try them! The Pod was easy to find, within walking distance from the blue &amp; green subway line. It's very chic, modern &amp; hip. Very MOMA. The front desk allowed us to check in when we arrived at 11am+. The neighborhood has a hip &amp; cozy feel to it too (safe too). We were worried about the room space as my hubby &amp; I had 3 large cargo bags plus 1 cabin bag, but alas, all miraculously managed to fit into the room. The in-room stainless steel basin was a great convenient. The beds are comfortable &amp; the lightings are great too. The small TVs are a great comfort. They don't replenish the toiletries, but perhaps the maid might give if requested. Yes, do ask for additional pillows too, as only 1 is given for each bed. The free Wi-Fi is fab as not many hotels in NY offers them! There's a rooftop floor at the 15th (go to 14th Floor &amp; walk the stairs up to the 15th), a good skyline view of the city, day or night. There's many small eateries in the area, as well as a Duane Reade &amp; Walgreen a block away. There's also a Food Emporium supermarket at 2nd Avenue, btw 51st &amp; 52nd. The concierge desk has stacks of in-house created notes/survival tips as well as maps &amp; NY mags, so be sure to ask for them! Ask the bell boy to book &amp; pay for airport transportation service. It's USD20 per pax + USD 1 to driver per bag! Very good service door to door. We will be back!	
May 27 2008 	Well worth It	I have stayed at many of the finer hotels in NYC. I was visiting with a friend who was on a limited budget and agreed to stay at the POD. At first I was a little taken aback at the size of the bunk bed room, I had read some of the reviews and knew the rooms were small but wasn't really prepared for this. Being middle aged and it appeared most of the other guests were younger I debated looking for other hotel options.However we decided to give it a try for at least one night and I am quite happy we did. The POD is clean and in NYC that isn't always the case, certainly wasn't opulent in any way but for what you're being sold it's better than average. No issues with sharing the bathroom I never had to wait once in the 5 days, the beds were comfortable and the staff were good enough. The area is great its close enough to everything NY has to offer and the neighborhood is safe, lots of decent restaurants and cafes. I probably won't stay at the POD again but more because of my age than anything else. If your on a budget and want a decent clean place to stay in NY I would highly recommend the POD. Of course at check out time is when the real value hit's home, compared to the hotel bills I'm used to getting in NY, it makes me really wish I was a few years younger.	
May 27 2008	Good Location Good Price	Stayed at the POD in early April for 3 nights. We (two of us) booked a bunk room. The room was super-tiny but we are Japanese and used to small living spaces. Despite the room being the size of my walk-in-closet, it had a desk, sink and space to hang and store clothes. Each bunk bed was equip with its on 10&quot; TV - bring your earphones with you if you don't want to watch the same channel as your travel partner. It's a tight room but we pretty much only slept there so it was more than sufficient.We had to use the shared bathrooms but they were all VERY accessible and VERY clean everytime. We were on the sixth floor but I think every floor had 4 bathrooms - we never had to go to another floor to use the toilet once despite the hotel being VERY busy.For mid-town manhattan, this hotel is AWESOME! You can find places for cheaper but it was nice to get into a newer hotel and not have that hostel feeling. The location was great - two blocks to the subway and another two blocks to Rockafeller Center.There is a great deli/bakery store with awesome paninis, pizza and pasta called the PAX, a MacDonalds and a 24hr grocery store call AZURE at the end of the block.	
May 23 2008 	Great experience	Completed a great 7 night stay at the POD with my partner in early April. Stayed in a bunk room with use of a shared bathroom. We've stayed in many hotels at a range of price levels and quality standards and found POD to be fantastic and great value for money in a city that is otherwise very expensive. Staff are extremely helpful (the concierge was faultless - we needed to print out some electronic tickets urgently and staff went to great lengths to do it for us and with a smile). The rooms including bathrooms, were lovely, good fixtures and fittings and kept spotlessly clean. The rooms felt safe and secure. WiFi worked perfectly all week. One of the great things we found about the hotel (apart from price!) was the great location central to everything if walking but just one block from the No.6 subway which runs the length of Manhattan putting you within 10 minutes of virtually everything. One issue was the slow lifts - and the hotel is busy which is fine if you are not in a hurry - our tip is ask for a low floor - we were on Level 2 which was perfect! We will be staying here again next time we're in town for sure - couldn't recommend it more highly!	
May 20 2008 	Great place 2B	Just got back from a 3 night stay in the pod and can only say it was excelent. We booked the Queen Pod room. It was very clean and had a nice (little) bathroom. Staff was friendly. Next time the Pod Again !!!Derk en Nadja (Holland)	
May 19 2008 	Awesome!	My daughter and I just got back from a 3-night stay in a bunkbed room.It was exactly as we expected from reading the reviews on this site.Yes it was very small but it was perfect for the two or us. One night we had an issue with the TV's but we called the front desk and maintenance came up in 5 minutes and fixed the problem.We arrived early after taking the red eye and were allowed to check inearly which we really appreciated. I am not one who would normallylike sharing a bathroom but it was absolutely no problem. We neverhad to wait for one and they were always very clean and private. I loved how the window opened in my favorite one on the 9th floor (#3) and you could take a shower (which was huge) and look outside if you wanted.It was nice having the shampoo and body wash already in the showersand each room had soap, shampoo, moisturizer by the sink. We askedfor extra blankets and pillows which we promptly received.The location was wonderful and we felt very safe. Yes it was noisy,but mostly from the outside (we were on the front on the hotel whichhad a very nice view but we did get the street noise. We were wokenup at 5 am one morning when we heard a large crash and looked out thewindow to see a lone driver had taken out 4 parked cars on the road,one of which was one of the police officers down the street. We wentto watch the commotion and it was very entertaining!!!It was my first trip to NY and loved it all, even the subways! You can get pretty much anywhere cheaply taking the subways. Buy a pass if you are there more than a few days. Well worth it! Even the cabs (when we could get one) were really reasonable.Anyway, checkout was a breeze and they held our bags and arrangedtransportation to JFKlater in the day. They offer a shuttle or a private car. We opted for the private car and for a 45 minute ride it was $45. Price is set no matter how long it takes. I think the shuttle stops at other hotels but we went straight there with the private car.Next time we go to NY will definitely stay there again. It felt likecoming home each night. And definitely go to the rooftop. So cool!	
May 18 2008 	Fun place to stay	Stayed for one night at the end of a business trip to New York, wish that i'd booked in for my whole trip.This hotel is a great concept and excellent value. The rooms are small, but you know that before you arrive, and anyhow who wants to stay in your room in NY!I had a single room, and it had everything I needed. The room was light, bright and clean. The shared bathroom concept didn't present a problem at all.Free Wi-Fi is great, and the staff are very friendly and helpful, even at 2am in the morning.Would recommend this to those looking for somewhere cheaper to stay but don't want to compromise on the style. It'd be ideal if you only have a few days in the city and are planning to be out and about.	
May 16 2008 	Fantastic value - bargain clean and great location	The Pod is a fantastic bargain hotel and great value. We stayed in a bunk room for 5 nights and it was ideal. Yes, the rooms are small but you know this before you go and there is still plenty of space for what you need. The bunks are bigger than single beds and very comfortable. Each bunk has a small TV and light, which is handy for relaxing after a long day of sight-seeing. There are towels, toiletries and a hairdryer in the room, which are all very handy for travelling light. And there is also a speaker stand for your ipod, which is great.As other reviewers have said, there is a light panel in the room that shows which bathrooms are free and by having this, you don’t ever have to queue for the bathrooms. They were always spotlessly clean too.The hotel is perfect for sigh-seeing in NYC. It is only a few blocks from Central Park, the Rockefeller Centre and Fifth Avenue shopping and there is subway stop only block away, making it really easy to get around. We did a lot of research before on other bargain hotels and the Pod is by far the best. Comfortable, clean rooms with good supplies and at a great price. I would definitely recommend the Pod.	
May 14 2008 	Very cute!	It was my first time in New York City and I stayed at The Pod for 3 nights with 3 of my girlfriends. It's safe to say that it was one of the most pleasant experiences of my life! I've had so much fun! Being a full-time student and not having a real job, I found the hotel to be a bit pricey at first. But I realized it wasn't so bad after all, considering it was in the middle of Manhattan. Plus, it was sooo cute! We couldn't resist! Overall, it was very clean, very cute and very cozy. The rooftop terrace was my favorite part. Location, definitely a plus. No complaints at all!All four of us arrived very tired and worn-out from the 8 hour bus ride. But once we stepped inside the lobby, we couldn't believe our eyes and were soon filled with excitement! It was incredibly well decorated for our 20 year old tastes.We felt as if we just stepped into a hip new lounge. There was a very nice mural, pretty lights and the best couch I've ever seen (it was so comfy too)! We checked-in and we were already up in our rooms in no time. We booked 2 rooms with bunk beds and shared bathroom for the 4 of us. I have to admit the rooms were pretty small, but we were only staying there for a weekend so it was not a problem at all. The beds were adorable and very comfy. I slept soundly every night. We even had a sink with mirrors so we could brush our teeth without having to go to the shared bathroom. The bathrooms were very clean and very modern. I loved the shower heads. We even had an indicator in our rooms that told us which bathrooms were free or occupied. Very innovative!My favorite part was definitely the rooftop terrace. We had very nice weather so we spent every night on the rooftop chatting and meeting fellow travelers. I had a wonderful time at The Pod and so did my girlfriends! This hotel gets a perfect review from me!	
May 10 2008	Loved the Pod!!!	My sister and I stayed at the Pod from April 28 to May 5th. It was perfect. Check in went very smoothly, we got there before check in and they let us check in early. The staff was always friendly. We shared a bunk room. Even though it was small, it was so well arranged that it didn't feel crowded, and we had a lot of stuff. The share bathrooms were always very clean. As far as other peoples complaints about noise, I didn't think the noise was bad at all and our room was right by the bathrooms and elevator. I've stayed at other hotels that were much louder. I loved the location of the hotel, it was within walking distance of Rockefeller Center and Times Square. There are 2 subways stops within 2 blocks of the hotel &amp; lot of resteraunts nearby.	
May 9 2008 	A great stay for the price	Let me start this review off by saying what this hotel is NOT. It is not for the person looking for a luxery. It is not for the person that is looking for the cheap motel, either.I had read many reviews of the place and chose it because of price, location and cleanliness. I was aware ahead of time of the things the Pod was not, and I was good with that. Other hotels in the area were much higher priced and we only wanted a place to rest our heads in between outings. This was PERFECT!The rooms are tiny, but every inch of the room is well used. We booked a double Pod and it had a private bath. We stayed for 4 nights, so the first thing we did when we arrived was unpacked our luggage and put things in their place. Their is plenty of drawer space under the bed and plenty of room on the desk for puting things. We made sure to bring luggage that nestled in each other and there was ample space to store the luggage in the bottom of the closet while we stayed. Another option might be to have the bell desk area store your empty luggage during your stay.The room was exceptionally clean and well kept throughout the stay. The bathroom is not very private, so as others have said in their review, make sure you are comfortable with the person you are rooming with. (or get a room with shared bath as those are very clean and always were available) The shower is glass and everything is in close proximity. The Pod is located close to many things. There are several subway stops within walking distance. We actually took the subway back to the airport from the hotel. It worked out great and was a TON cheaper than taking a cab (always $45) or a car back. Time's square and broadway are abouta 20 minute walk. Rockafeller Center and 5th Ave are just a tad bit closer. (Make sure you check out Top of the Rock!!!)There are several little restaurants and places to grab groceries or deli items very close by. There's a great little Bagel shop around the corner. We grabbed the list from the hotel with suggestions of places to dine and there were some fabulous suggestions on there. Grab an incredibly amazing Australian burger at Ruby's in Little Italy (Little Australia). It's a tiny place but the food is AMAZING!!! Also, dinner at Primola is a MUST!! We changed our plans when we read the review....&quot;It's like looking into the eyes of God...a Religous experience&quot;. THAT IT WAS! Service was incredible, wine wonderful, food was just tantilizing! YES YES YES!! The staff at The Pod was friendly and helpful and they were able to help answer any of our questions.	
May 9 2008 	Bargain stay	Spent two nights on a business related trip. I found the hotel staff efficient and knowledgeable. Room was small but clean and had the basic needs met, it had a sink in the room. There were several bathrooms located in the hallway. Never had a problem accessing them. Don't believe you can find a better deal in NY. Great little breakast place aroung the corner on 2nd Avenue. Would stay again.	
May 9 2008 	Very Satisfied	My goal was to find the cleanest hotel at the lowest rate. This hotel really fit the bill. If you are looking for the high end 4 and 5 star NYC hotels, this is not your choice. But if you need a nice solid place to stay in a great neighborhood than this is for you. I landed the single room with private bath and it could not have been better. My only con was the wireless access was a tad choppy.	
May 8 2008 	Not so great the seond time around..	I've stayed at The Pod twice. The first time went well, hence my choice to stay a second time. Both stays we chose the bunk bed and shared bathroom option. The first stay was on a lower floor (2nd or 3rd) which had 4 bathrooms on the floor. It was very convenient and clean. The second time around we were on the 12th floor, which has only 2 bathrooms on the floor but with the same number of rooms to share 2 bathrooms versus 4 baths. Major problem - the bathrooms quickly became dirty (towels left on the floor, water EVERYWHERE, clogged toilets, overflowing trash, etc) and were only cleaned once a day. IF I stay at The Pod again, I'll request a floor with 4 bathrooms or I'll get a Queen room, however for that price I'm sure there are other places to stay. Additionally, the coffee offered in the morning on the terrace was $4/SMALL cup. The next morning we walked down the block to the corner market and got 16 oz cups for $2. Don't waste your money on The Pod coffee.On a positive note, the beds are comfortable (but both times the sheets are stiff and make lots of noise when you move around) and the invidivual TV's are great!	
May 7 2008 	A Great Find!	My boyfriend and I have just returned from a 6 night stay at The Pod. The hotel surpassed all expectations and was excellent. The room was small but perfectly formed. Plenty of storage space and most importantly clean and with a comfy bed. Requests for extra pillows and blankets were dealt with swiftly and the room was always immaculately clean when we returned from a day in the city. The hotel is in a good location, there are some nice bars, restaurants and delis nearby, as well as the subway and several bus stops for the adventurous, and see the Concierge for a list of local and nyc places to visit - for once the recommendations are good, without the feeling they are there to line the hotel's pocket. The hotel just started to provide breakfast at the end of our stay, we tried for take out one morning but it all seemed a bit chaotic so hit the deli around the corner instead. I am sure that given time they will get into their groove with this.The only things I would fault are 1) noise levels at night and early morning as people are heading too and from the bathroom, I hate the sound of slamming doors... and 2) the lifts are really slow.All in all though I would definitely stay here again, either on business or pleasure.	
May 5 2008 	Brilliant NY hotel	I recently stayed in this hotel during a 6 day holiday to New York. The location was brilliant, just a block or two away from the subway, and only 20 minutes walk from Grand Central station, Central park and other mid-town attractions. We got the Queen room - which was spacious, with a fantastic shower and all the other facilities you'd expect (towels, phone, hairdryer, TV, radio/alarm etc.). The only minor complaint, was that the connecting door to the adjoining room was a bit thin, which meant you could hear everything in the room next door. But this was minor thing - you're in NY to see the city, not spend hours in your room!!!The hotel staff we very friendly. TIP: Go to the conceirge desk and pick up the hotels list of eateries - which has some great tips - both locally and further afield. We would heartly recommend the Morning Star diner (2nd Ave, between 51st and 50th Street) for a great value breakfast only a couple minutes walk from the hotel.	
May 2 2008 	fab time at the pod hotel!	The Pod Hotel is a fantastic budget hotel, my husband and I really couldn't have asked for better value. OK granted, the rooms are on the small side, but who goes to New York to stay in their room??We opted for a bunk room as this was the cheapest option and we wanted to stay for as long as possible, it was very clean, with fresh towels, spare toilet roll, hairdryer, wash basin and mirror provided.Our room didn't have an en suite so we made use of the 4 bathrooms available on our floor. The bathroom system is excellent - there are lights above your door to tell you which bathrooms are available, we stayed for 8 nights and only on one occasion were all 4 in use at any one time. We never had to wait and they were spotlessly clean, with plenty of hot water.A few reviews mention the noise in the pod hotel, so we went armed with ear plugs. I think you have to accept that New York is a noisy city, we were on the 9th floor and you can hear the street noise if you have your window open, with the window closed I had no problems sleeping and our room came with air con to keep us cool. Yes, the doors do slam if you let them, but I cant say that this is a reason not to stay here.The staff were friendly and very helpful, there are maps and tourist information/advice available from reception, they will also store your bags and arrange transport to the airport if needed. They have a lovely lobby and outside patio area in which they have just started to provide breakfast for guests. The general facilities are great, ipod doc, tv's and free internet access for every room, you couldnt really ask for much more - even the location is great, its close to the MoMa, Top of the Rock, 5th Ave shops and a subway.I cant recommend the Pod Hotel enough. If you are on a budget and want to stay in New York - this is most definitely a good bet.	
Apr 26 2008 	Like a Pea in a Pod!	I loved the POD!!!! I have stayed in some B &amp; B's all over the UK and I can tell you the single room at the POD is bigger then a lot of the rooms I have stayed in over there. The room is designed well and I could easily fit my opened large suitcase on the floor. Everything worked well in my room and everything was so clean. The bed was comfy and the flat screen in the wall was great. The shared bath was lovely and convenient. I had friends meet me here and we went up to the roof deck as it was a beautiful day. The lounge area is also very comfortable to sit in and use your computer et. The staff is very nice and PLEASE even tho this is a budget hotel remember to TIP your maids. They work so hard and leaving $2. in the room each day should not break your bank. If you can't then maybe you should think 2x about taking a holiday. There are LOTS of great restaurants and bars right below and around the corner from the POD. Check out the STAR DINER around the corner for great breakfast and the Italian place next to it is really good. Also, the French place right below is a nice spot for a drink at night. The number 6 train is just 2 blocks down. I did not have ANY problems with noise. Yes, you can hear the doors close at times but nothing out of the ordinary. I also felt VERY SAFE here at the POD. A big factor if you are a woman traveling alone. So, it is all good at the POD!!!!	
Apr 24 2008	Home Pod Home	This is a great little hotel, very conveniently located for both business and pleasure, very clean, affordable (by new york standards!) and stylish in an understated, functional way. I LOVED all the clever storage units (think IKEA but a little more sturdy), the furniture in the room, and the flat screen TV. It was a little noisy at times--especially when some (I'm guessing drunk) twenty-somethings were partying in the hallway one night...come ON you're in the big apple! Get out and do something instead of bothering your hotel neighbors!--but it was actually much more quiet than I thought it would be after reading the other reviews on this site. The customer service was great, very friendly and helpful staff, and it's a safe neighborhood with lots of restaurants, delis, and more upscale spots that are still somewhat affordable nearby. The free wifi was also excellent, as I was in town on business and needed to get some work done. I had a single/twin room and yes it's small, but really when you're in new york city are you really gonna be in your room all that much?	
Apr 24 2008	Love It!!!	Stayed at the Pod for 2 nights on 4/18 and 4/19. After coming from the Hilton on Ave. of America it was a little step down. However, for the money it was well worth it. My friend and I got a room with bunk beds, and it was sufficient for the two of us. We were able to put our luggages in the corner and they were not in the way. The only concerne I had was the shared bathrooms since I seem to be a little quirky about some stuff. Our floor (3)had 4 bathroom with shower, and believe me each one is different, #3 was the best and roomiest. The shower had plenty of room and as a bonus had extra shower heads positioned on my lower back which is great after a day of walking around NYC.There is a subway stop a few blocks away and Times Sq. and Rockefeller are a short walk. This place is CLEAN and the sheets and bed are comfortable, for the price you can't find anything that compares.Really, you only need a place to sleep since NYC has so much to offer. Also, if you buy the New York Pass and not the City pass you get the best deal for your money. It is a pass that let you in almost everything from museums to back stage tours, bronx zoo, madame Trussands, harbor tours, Statue of Liberty, Ellis Island. I bought a 3 day for $106 and got my money out of it.	
Apr 21 2008 	What a find	So cool. A place for hipsters, business travelers, couples, singles, tourists....If you are going to be out and about and just need a place to shower and sleep on the cheap...this is it. Two of us stayed for $109 a night plus tax, which wasn't much at this price. We had a &quot;dorm, IKEAish style room&quot; with bunk beds. Don't laugh yet! They were wide, had great sheets and each bed had a small flat screened TV on an arm adjusting in your bed with earphone jacks if you wish. Also, lots of practically thought out storage, hooks, room safe, a desk with clock radio and I-POD connect with speakers. We did have a sink with a small vanity area- mirror, but your toilet &amp; shower is down the hall. It seemed to me that there were 4 on my floor. Pretty spacious and clean. That is saying a lot because I am a slight germaphobe. They do provide towels etc. I would bring flip flops/shower shoes and there is an indicator light in your room when they are available. I never had any problems. Check in and check out was smooth. They are full of info and provide daily print outs of things to do, weather etc. Very swanky decor, you will want to do more then just sleep &amp; shower. They had luggage storage and a French restaurant downstairs where the kitchen is open 'til 4 a.m. subway's are a block or 2 away. Had decent A/C. Check out the pics!	
Apr 21 2008	Very cool hotel for the younger traveller who doesn't need "plushness"	I was passing through New York recently and decided to take a break for a few days to hang around Manhattan. I picked the Pod hotel because of the price (exchange rate of course making this a relative judgement) and was glad I did. The lobby is very cool and well laid out. The corridors are pokey but not too much of a problem.The rooms themselves are naturally very small but really well laid out to make the most of the space. I got a room with a bathroom and it was good (although the visibility of the toilet means you need to be pretty secure with your partner). I was alone and loved it for what it was. There is no breakfast but the location is great for finding food in all directions while also enabling very easy access to most of Manhattan.Very cool hotel for the younger traveller who needs a relaxed drop zone rather than a plush hotel experience.	
Apr 20 2008 	I heart my Pod	A colleague of mine stayed at the Pod Hotel a few months ago and recommended it as it's quite close to our NY office. Having stayed at other hotels in the area, after reading about the Pod Hotel, I wanted to give it a try.If you are going to spend 7AM - 10PM or later outside of your hotel room and just need a place to crash, stay here. The utilitarian, modern, sleek and minute rooms lend themselves to people who are not in NY for the luxury NY hotel experience, but rather are there for the experience outside of the hotel room.I absolutely loved my standard queen sized pod room with the bath attached, and found that for a four night stay it was perfect. The use of space in these rooms is incredible, and if you unpack yourself as soon as you get in the room and make use of the hanging rack and drawers, you will be able to navigate the room without trouble. One night there were some loud folks across the hallway who woke me around 12AM (I had a 5:30AM wake up call), and within ten minutes of calling the front desk to complain, I heard a knock at the door across the hall from a member of the staff who immediately told the guests to keep it down. I fell right back to sleep.Again, if you're well-traveled, and spend time in your hotel room only to sleep and change and get ready for what the next day has in store, this is a great place to crash. If you want room service, people waiting on you hand and foot, and luxury bath towels, don't bother. This is the perfect spot for the experienced traveler on a budget looking for something efficient and well thought-out.	
Apr 20 2008	Awful - please don't do it	There are so any better hotels to stay in New York - this was the worst I hotel I have ever stayed in anywhere (not an overstatement by any means) - I do not understand why the other reviews are positive, there is very little to actually recommend this hotel for. It is not a full service hotel and the staff (apart from one or two) seem to have any idea what they are doing. Please do not spend the money on this hotel as there are much better hotels which for slightly more or the same amount of money will do the job alot better. The hotel can make or break a holiday and this one came close to breaking it. In summary, too small for the price, this really is closer to a poor hostel than a hotel.	
Apr 19 2008	Highly recommended!	Stayed in a party of 6 last week and found the Pod to be almost perfect. Checkin was easy and we were allocated room 305 which is at the front of the hotel. The room was very clean, comfortable and had everything we needed. We were not disturbed by noise from other rooms only heard noise from the 2 neighbouring restaurants for a little while at night but it did not bother us. Loved the modern feel to the place, the position of it is great. Easy to walk to Times square, 5th avenue Grand central etc. Excellent Pax on the street corner for breakfast. I would definitely stay there again and the only suggestion I would make to improve it is to have facilities in the room for tea and coffee just so I could say it was perfect!	
Apr 16 2008 	Great Hotel Good Location	We were a little worried about the size of the hotel before we arrived, but when we arrived we were greeted by very friendly staff who knew theirs jobs and worked quickly, the reception aarea was spotless and had a great feeling.We went to our room and upon viewing we can say yes it was small but had everything we needed, it was also very comfortable, we had a bunk room with two beds also a sink in the room. the bathrooms were on the same floor (4 of them) and you have lights above your door telling you when they are vacant or in use.we would and will stay here again and again it's location is great infact from the hotel we walked to times square on about 4 days of our stay and it took about 30-45 minsthis hotel is great and i recomend it to everybody.	
Apr 16 2008 	Small but nice!	Me and my boyfriend looked at a lot of hotels on this site for our stay in New York. Our budget wasn't massive but we did want somewhere that would be definately clean and a lot of the reviews for hotels mentioned bugs and dirt and unclean rooms however the pod had fairly positive reviews and even though it was a little bit more expensive we booked it because it looked clean and was pretty new. The photos looked amazing however when we arrived at the hotel the balconey area was completely closed off. There was no explaination of note explaining why it was closed which I was very disappointed about. There was no hotel bar or restaurant either as a communal area, there were some chairs but no reason to sit on them. The actual room was small but we had expected that. It was also very hot as we were very high up but as it was freezing outside I was grateful. The rooms were cleaned every day and the shower was amazing. The doors do bang when they close though. The hotel is very near tube stations so we were able to get around quite easily and we ate at a different place everyday, there are so many so didn't mind there not being one in the hotel that much. All in all I had an amazing holiday and the hotel was great for just a base which we didn't really spend much time in. Wouldn't stay here again but only because there are so many different hotels I would want to try somewhere else.	
Apr 14 2008 	Great Reasonably Priced Hotel...walking distance to Lexington Ave Shopping	Stayed here for 2 nights in April - absolutely loved it...had a single shared room - paid £155...bargainThe shared bath was exceptionally clean. I was on the 2nd floor. each room has lights above the door indicating which bathroom is free or busy which was great.Room was tiny, but I was only sleeping there! there is a small sink, which is nice. Under bed storage and a small hanging space for clothes as well as 2 separate clothes hooks (they know how to maximise the space). Flat screen TV on the wall and a small working desk with an i-pod radio.The room was slightly warm at night, but I just opened the window. Nice roof terrace with great views.Located between 2nd and 3rd Ave near 51st St. You are only 2 blocks from the nearest subway stop (number 6 train), and a few minutes walk to lots of shops on Lexington Ave including Bloomingdales, Zara, H&amp;M, Banana Republic etc.Central Park and 5th Ave are only 4 blocks away too (15 mins max. walking)Make sure you pop down to Lexington and 26th/27th St - all the Indian Curry houses are here - 20 + to choose from.Would stay here again for the price paid.	
Apr 13 2008 	Wow- What a good deal!	This hotel is very personable; it is very small but exceptionally CLEAN even has scented rooms. There wasn't much to complain about other than you can't control the temperature in the room- you turn it on but it will not come on until the hotel's thermostat kicks in. I stayed in a twin bed w/ shared bath@ $99. Initially, I was scared at the idea of a shared bath and this was not the luxury mode of hotels that I was used to but had heard nothing but good things about it and decided to go out of my comfort zone- and it was well worth it.Located on the eastside of Manhattan closer to high-retail stores like Gucci, Tiffany's etc about 8 blocks away, it is worth another stay for me.Although everything is streamlined like no ice bucket in the room and only one drinking glass, I liked the idea of having a sink, IPOD dock, flatscreen tv. glass around the sink and a dimmer switch for my lights. The nice little desk w/ FREE internet access is a bonus. I was in the hotel for a limited time but loved the nice European style w/ the many foreign visitors. Hotel employees will accommodate you in every way, extra blanket, extra glass and will even print out your boarding pass and book you for the airport shuttle- this extras are worth selling me for a 2nd stay.	
Apr 12 2008 	A really great place to stay!	It's rare to find a budget hotel in which you actually look forward to returning to your room after a long day out. The Pod Hotel, though, lived up to the glowing TA reviews. The place is minimalist and super-cool. The attention to detail in the Pod is well worth sacrificing the extra space of a regular hotel for. The people who run the place have really gone the extra mile to make the Pod a nice place to be in. Favourite aspects included the rain-head showers and piped music in the shared bathrooms, the iPod clock radio, and the very funky-utilitarian wooden shutters on the window. My room was fresh and clean; while it got quite warm at times, the combined heater/AC was very easy to operate. I found no problems with noise - could hear other guests close their doors, but not so loudly as to disturb. The room was pretty quiet (it faced away from the main road). There was always at least one bathroom free and they were extremely clean and well-maintained.My only quibble with the design is that there really isn't anywhere to put your stuff - the sign on the door suggests you use the under-bed drawers, but this just isn't convenient for a two-night stay. While I didn't find the lack of space in the room a problem, there is no good place to put your bag, let alone to unpack it. The shared bathrooms also lacked any kind of shelf to put your clothes on while having a shower - this would have been very useful. Otherwise, though, this is a really excellent place. The ambience, details and general 'feel' of the stay place are more like a trendy boutique hotel than a budget hotel. I recommend the Pod with no reservations.	
Apr 12 2008	hated the pod	It was the most horrible experience I have ever had!!! I strongly suggest that you do not stay in this hotel! The service is horrible, the rooms are very very small. One day, the cleaning staff left the door of my room unlocked! They are horrible, horrible, horrible. But it is still expensive to book a hotel room in the Pod, I will never never stay in such a place. If you can pa $50 more, you can even stay in Shareton New York.	
Apr 12 2008	Affordable and comfy....teeny tiny rooms though!	My friend and I had the bunk pod room for 5 days in March. Location-wise it's perfect, as others have said take the shuttle from the airport ($20 so not much more than public transport and it's a door-to-door service) and definitely check out the roof terrace and garden during your stay. Also if you're looking for something to eat (24 hours!) try Sarge's Deli on 3rd Ave between 36th and 37th. The pizza from the deli on the corner of 51st and 3rd is pretty good too if you're hungry.The beds are comfy and the room has everything you need...it's just exceptionally tiny. Don't get me wrong, for the money it's great and if like me you're a traveller who has a hotel room purely to sleep in then ordinarily it'd be ok, except both of you trying to stand up next to each other at the same time is a feat of acrobatics! Other than that I can't fault the accom, the shared bathrooms were always exceptionally clean, the maids were really helpful and chatty whenever we saw them and we didn't have any noise issues with other guests.Overall I was impressed, I'd stay here again if I had budget in mind, but for comfort I might splurge for a bigger room. Also the reception staff were a bit hit and miss, a couple of the guys were fine, but if you got the grouchy one...look out!	
Apr 10 2008 	Absolutely loved it!	If you don't want to spend an arm and a leg for accomodation while you're in NYC I would reccomend anyone to go to this hotel. It's very tastefully decorated and the hotel on the whole is a lovely place to be.The rooms are small, the name 'pods' is quite accurate but they're not claustrophobic at all, there's just enough room. The personal tv's and ipod docking station in every room is a really lovely touch! The AC is great in the room too which was amazing as we were there in August. Cleaned daily and with our beds freshly made each day for a low price hotel the standard is amazing. We stayed in a two person room without a bathroom which I was slightly worried about but when we got there I realised it was the best decision to make as we saved money and the bathrooms were fantastic. They were cleaned throughout the day and I didn't have to wait once to use the toilet or the shower and there were no awkward banging on the door moments as your room has a display to tell you when the bathrooms are free. The rooftop lounge and the little garden is a lovely touch which we enjoyed as there's a deli on one block away which we liked to eat at before going out in the night. Location is fantastic and the staff were all extremely friendly... I'll be staying there again and would reccomend it to any of my friends.	
Apr 9 2008 	Awsome bargain	My son and I stayed there for 2 nights and loved it. We knew what we were getting into with the noise and size of the rooms so there weren't any surprises. The first night the only problem was being on the 3rd floor right in front was a bit noisy with the city traffic and neighbors fighting but I don't fault the hotel for that. It woke me up a couple times but my son slept right thru it. The second night was better because we came home from a long day of walking and shopping to find a group of foreign students had been put on the same floor and were loud and rude. I asked them nicely to stop yelling up and down the halls to each other (right outside my door) but they pretended not to understand english). So of course, I called the front desk and they moved us up to the 11th floor in the back, away from the party. I was very pleased with their quick response to be moved. The second nite was very quiet and we got our sleep.  The hotel itself was extremely clean(I think they pump the scent of soap into the air vents=) Loved the ipod docking stations. Loved the rain shower heads(heavenly). Loved the set up of the rooms. The only thing missing was a kids network on the telly. When settling in at night, my son was disappointed to not have anything kid friendly to watch.  Everything was in walking distance and we had a great first trip to NYC. We will be going back to spend much more time there. And we'll be staying at the POD.	
Apr 7 2008 	Not all that kooky after all	This almost ought to be a stranger hotel than it turns out to be. Instead of giggling at its oddness or oohing and ahhing at its cleverness, I found myself marveling at the accurate descriptions other Tripadvisor contributors have offered. The Pod Hotel offers economical (for New York, which is perhaps not saying much) accommodations in a great location, and its concept is just different enough to have me wondering why there aren't more of these hotels--especially in cities where rooms are expensive and often shabby. Though traveling solo, I was assigned to a bunk-bed room, which was great fun. This resembled nothing so much as my college dorm, except immaculate. Each bunk had its own reading light and a small flat-screen hotel on a swinging arm. There was a small desk with an alarm clock/radio/iPod dock and a well-designed sink along one wall, with plenty of towels (smallish, but adequate). As others have noted, the bathrooms are just a few steps down the hall, you never seem to have to wait for one at all, and even the bathrooms manage to stay perfectly clean--and even dry. Whatever windows they're using, they also manage to keep all the noise of midtown Manhattan out of the room.Pod Hotel has a smart lobby--you won't be embarrassed if friends or business acquaintances drop you off here--and enough standard hotel features (a bellhop, a concierge) to make it a sensible choice. The location, too, is sensible--a fashionable street with embassies and cafes not far from the United Nations, with two subway lines within a couple of blocks. This hotel's unusually small rooms wouldn't be ideal in every situation, but for a simple overnight business trip when I wasn't carrying a lot of baggage, it was a perfect choice.	
Apr 7 2008 	Inexpensive and in a good location	Just returned from my first visit to NYC and found the hotel to be a good base from which to explore the city. The Subway is about 5-10 minutes walk away. From there you can catch an E train to and from JFK airport (via the AirTrain) or a #4, #5 or #6 downtown to Grand Central Station, Little Italy, Chinatown, Brooklyn Bridge, Wall Street or uptown to Bloomingdale's and the Guggenheim Museum.The room I stayed in was compact and the single bed a little too short for anyone over 180cm tall – the bed was positioned between the wall and the heater leaving no space at either end to stretch out. Although small the space was well designed and there was enough shelves and drawers to stow everything.My room and the shared bathroom were cleaned to a high standard.There is a good selection of breakfast and lunch to eat in or out at nearby Pax or Azure just a few minutes walk away on the corner of Third Avenue and East 51st Street.I would definitely stay there again.	
Apr 6 2008 	Nearly Perfect. Stay here whenever you can!	As you enter, you'll be (usually) greeted by a friendly bellhop.There's also a funky mural on the wall, and constantly great music playing. I never took advantage of it, but there's a lounge and a restaurant on the premises.The hotel is incredibly clean, and the rooms, while tiny, are spotless and very well designed. The bathrooms are as calm and lovely as they look. The view sucks, but who gets a hotel in New York to stay inside and look at the view? With the money you save, you can go up the Empire State Building once a day!!The elevators are really the only part of your experience that give away the Pod hotel's history as an older hotel (Paxton Arms, I think?) -- they are very slow and seldom. Sometimes I just took the stairs, but if you don't fancy 11 flights of stairs, think about requesting a lower floor.Don't worry about bringing along much for supplies: each room has shampoo, soap, a hair dryer, towels, lotion, a water glass, and even a bath mat (so you don't have to stand on a wet floor in the tiny bathrooms). There's also a nice flatscreen TV on the wall, although only about 10 channels. but, again, who comes to NYC to watch TV?It's about 2.5 blocks from the 51st street station, which is on the 4/5/6 line -- mostly convenient, depending where you want to get to. Not really a nightlife district, but within walking distance of lots of nightlife.Really important fact: it is very close to both a Pax restaurant (healthy, cheap-ish food) and a grocery store (forget the name: Allure? Azure?) that is open, as far as I could tell, 24 hours, and has a huge hot buffet, salad/fruit bar, eating area, etc. You can have some great, cheap meals there, and fresh fruit too.Overall: great rooms, great service, great price. I couldn't be happier with my experience at the Pod Hotel and would recommend it to basically everyone.	
Apr 3 2008 	Cute and affordable for budget-minded traveler	Travelmate and I stayed in double room with private bath. Room small and walls paper thin, as others have mentioned. Room very cramped and bed just big enough for 2 petite females like us. But room was clean and we slept pretty well despite the dense mattress. Peeked inside the shared bath, clean and preferable than our tiny bathroom. Staff were cordial and helpful. Concierge desk had map and list of suggested places to visit, shop, eat, etc. We didn't use these resources but they would've been good supplements to our guidebook. Starbucks and a popular bagel shop called Ess a Bagel around the corner for cheap breakfast. I give hotel a 4 for staff, decor, and location. I give overall rating of 3 due to small room, lack of comfort. Didn't think it'd bother me, but it did. Room better for solo traveler than for 2.	
Apr 1 2008	Loved the pod	Stayed at the pod for 4 nights in March. The rooms are small but cosy and easily manageable for 2 - lots of nooks and crannys for the luggage to hide away,The service is great, take the shuttle from the hotel to Newark for only 20 bucks, much cheaper than our 100 dollar cab ride from the airport.Hotel roof top is great, a fab view of manhattan and a great place to unwind with a beer at the end of a hard days walk (my number one tip wear comfy shoes I have no idea how the manhatten women manage those killer heels!)I am planning a return trip and will definately stay at the pod!!My number two tip is: Do not take a doggy bag back to the hotel. We left some left over pizza in our room and returned to the room after a few drinks in time square to tuck into the leftovers to find the pizza covered in roaches ( I must say at this point the pod hotel has the best hygiene standards i've ever seen and is no way dirty, leaving food around in NYC was our rookie mistake!). Wost part was that my OH didn't notice at first and started to tuck in!!	
Apr 1 2008 	Smallest Hotel	So, I have stayed at numerous Manhattan hotels that I would consider small, but this one took the cake. If you are planning on staying with someone in the room, you better make sure you are very comfortable with them. There is no door for the toilet or shower so everything is exposed. I could lay on my bed and wash my hands in the sink at the same time, and touch the toilet and shower-that is how close everything is together. It was clean and cute, but I am so glad I only stayed there for 3 nights. By the third night, I needed to get out of such a small space.	
Mar 30 2008 	Mixed Pod Emotions	My wife and I just completed a 9-day stay at the Pod on 51st St. I chose the Pod based on TripAdvisor reviews. I should say that we are both middle -aged professors. We were in NYC for a large academic conference and we have a daughter living in the East Village. I love ipods and wireless-friendly places so I was oriented toward places like the Pod. My wife doesn't care about that and didn't complain about where we were until other conference goers talked about how much room they had with similar per night charges.When we first got to our room, which unlike many other Pod rooms had a bath and kind of deluxe I guess for the hotel, I was reminded of a ship or a boat. The bathroom was very undersized, stainless steel and subway tile, but doable. [Large people would be challenged.] Let me say with a minimum of delicacy that a slight passing of wind in the bathroom was shared by all.We were located in a corner room on the 11th floor and had a pretty good view, especially at night. [I’ll upload a night photo I took outside our window when I get around to it.] The staff was pretty friendly. I would give the service about a 3 out of 5, largely because the cleaning staff didn't clean very well or change our water glasses without prodding. I would suppose that was because the younger folks in very small rooms and little neatness ethic gave them little room to work with.The location is very good. Two blocks from the No. 6 subway; a block in either direction from good delicatessen food; a block or so from several excellent Irish bars and a very good Thai restaurant.So, bottom line: At the end of a 9-day stay I had a $2500 hotel bill and had had good wireless, OK service, small yet efficient, lodgings and a good NYC location. I was not enthralled with my experience. But, perhaps Manhattan is just beyond my pay grade. If we were considering a vacation alone, NYC would not be our first choice—even for me—who loves cities.When I return to NYC, I will consider basing my hotel outside of Manhattan, but near a subway that can get me where I need to go. In my view, the subway system is the key to finding interesting and cost-effective lodging in NYC. Mid-town Manhattan, at least, is just too damn expensive.As an aside--NYC is a good place NOT to drink economically. The meals are generally reasonable. Drinks are outrageous. Alcohol is clearly a big factor in any NYC restaurant's business plan.	
Mar 30 2008 	Fabulous Budget Hotel	I was attending an already expensive academic conference in NYC. As a graduate student (a broke one at that!), I was looking for an affordable stay for the week that was close to the action, safe, and clean. The Pod had everything I was hoping for plus more. The hotel had friendly staff, free wifi, and interesting aesthetic. I would not hesitate to recommend it to friends or to return. My roommate also is planning to return in May for a trip with her husband. We occupied a bunk room (will attempt to post a picture later when I'm completely unpacked) which was slightly smaller than my first dorm room (I'm guessing 8 by 12 feet). We stayed for 7 days for a total of $796 (split, approximately $400). We couldn't have done better in a suburb. We also had a shared shower because we wanted separate beds and low cost. Having never stayed in a hostel (which this is not), I had never shared a bathroom but in a hotel like this I would do it again. The bathrooms were kept clean (number 3 on the 9th floor was our favorite because it was quite large), had shampoo and shower gel. My only complaint was lack of space but we both had very large suitcases and two carry-ons a pieces. We were well aware in advance of the space and should have done a better job packing. My roommate claims to have seen a single roach in one bathroom but I never saw one and I have to imagine that even the best hotels have one or two in their most humid spots. The hotel is close to two small grocery stores and several small deli/cafe-like restaurants. The subway is a couple of blocks away. A cab to Madison Sq. Garden/Penn was only $7.60 so travel to and from the train is fairly cheap if you have to use the cab b/c of baggage.	
Mar 29 2008 	Very Pleased With The Pod	My stay at the Pod Hotel from the 17th to the 24th March 2008 was an enjoyable one.Firstly, the rooms. I stayed in a twin room - it was fairly small but nevertheless it was fine for me - there was enough space to store my things, relax, &amp; sleep which are surely the main purposes of a hotel room. The bed was comfortable enough - I was able to sleep well. I was quite apprehensive about the noise mentioned in other peoples reviews which i read before staying in the Pod as i am a light sleeper, but after a busy day in New York i was able to sleep well all but 1 of the 7 nights so this wasnt a problem. If you are a light sleeper then earplugs are advisable as there is some noise, but it is bearable - i only wore my earplugs 1 night out of the 7 i was there.The rooms are fine - chair, table, sink, electronically locking safe, and storage space and were very good value for the price i payed ($109 per night) in somewhere like New York.The location is excellent - i was able to walk to everywhere i went - times square, central park, empire state, macy's, american museum of natural history, etc (except once when i took the subway to brooklyn bridge further south). There are plenty of places to eat nearby - Pax has some great breakfasts (pancakes &amp; syrup, bagels etc at a fair price, not cheap but not particularly expensive), Azure has a large variety to choose from for meals - it is slightly expensive but alright as far as prices go.Other features of the hotel: the rooftop gives an excellent view of the area &amp; some great photo opportunities, the shared bathrooms (4 per floor - about 40 rooms i think) were kept virtually spotless &amp; there was always at least 1 free - easily worth it for the saving you make in comparison to having your own), the lifts were ok.The only main problem we had was with some of the staff at the check in desk as there was some confusion regarding how much we owed for the rooms (at one point i was locked out of my room!) but this was resolved and was alright in the end. The Pod Hotel is a very good hotel for travellers on a budget and was easily adequate for my stay.	
Mar 29 2008 	Great Experience	My brother and I stayed at the Pod Hotel this past July on our way back from Europe to California. We booked the room w/ the bunk bed and shared bath for a very reasonable rate in Manhattan. We were conveniently located to the metro and walking distance to 5th Avenue. We even made the trek by foot coming home some nights from watching Broadway musicals. The concierge -- I can't remember his name! -- was very, very helpful. He even made me a print out of things to do and see in Manhattan. I still have it for my next trip to the Big Apple. The lobby was very sheek and modern. The room was clean and the shared bathrooms were also very clean. They have a very convenient system to tell you if any of the bathrooms were vacant. They provided shampoo/conditioner/soap dispensers but I used my own so I can't tell you if their products were good or not. If you've ever stayed in a hostel I would have to say it's a lot nicer than some of the Europe hostels we stayed at. Just don't expect a 5 star hotel or anything.All in all, the hotel was very convenient and reasonably priced for its location. I think it might be more suitable for singles and younger people, but then I saw a lot of older couples too. I'd definitely come back.	
Mar 28 2008 	Small I expected - But still very disappointed	OK, so I knew going in that the hotel room was going to be extremely small. I expected that and was actually looking forward to it as part of &quot;the charm&quot;. I travel 1 to 2 times per month for business and have found that in the past 10 years virtually every hotel I've stayed at has upgraded beds, comforters, pillows, towels, etc. These are the basics. I don't expect fancy, just comfortable. At the Pod hotel you will get a hard, too short mattress (I'm 5' 10&quot;), a paper thin blanket (and only 1), and towels that are just plain tiny (and not provided in quantity to make up for the size). There was a small flat screen TV in my room. While the size was fine given the size of the room, the positioniing made it uncomfortable to watch from the bed. To top things off, the promised &quot;Free WiFi&quot; was too weak to establish a reliable connection in my 10th floor room. I booked a queen room and when I got there it wasn't available and then put me in a smaller size room and knocked $30 bucks off my price. All that said, if you need a cheap room and this is the best you can find, I will say that it was clean and in a safe part of town. HOWEVER, you should know that it won't always be cheap. For example, I am traveling back to NYC and am staying at the NY Hilton for $200/night, less than I paid at the POD. I've stayed at the NY Hilton before and love it.P.S. Despite my &quot;family of 5&quot; screen name, I was traveling alone.	
Mar 28 2008 	Great stay in NYC	Just got home last night from 2 nights at the Pod to celebrate my niece's 16th bday. Saw the original review in The Washington Post and decided to try it out. We loved it. The bunk beds were comfortable and with private tv's on each bunk, when we came home at night, she could watch whatever in her bunk and her auntie could catch up on MSNBC! It is small but loved the sink in the room. I don't mind shared bathrooms, a little Purell on the seat and you are good to go. Our in-room display of which bathrooms were free did not work but I always found one open (there were 4 on our floor). Bathrooms were mod and hip. Rooftop is great. Would stay again in a heartbeat. Great location and staff. The web showed wood floors but we had dark brown carpeting, my only complaint. It was clean and hip and that is all I could have asked for.	
Mar 27 2008 	Perfect!	This place is great! The location is excellent -- we walked to Times Square, Rockafeller Center, Central Park, etc. with no problem. It seems like a safe area, and right in the middle of things. The decor is very cool, and there's always ambient music playing in the lobby, hallways, and bathrooms. You can take the stairs up to the roof and get a good view of the city, too. The rooms are small, but the space is used really well. Check out the pictures I posted for an idea. Each room has a sink, which is nice since the bathrooms are shared -- so you don't have to walk down the hall to brush your teeth. We had a bunk bed room (for only $100!), and each bed had a little flat-screen TV on an arm attached to the wall that could be extended and adjusted. Another nice touch was the ipod dock/radio; we brought a jazz playlist, which went nice with the modern atmosphere. :)The bathrooms are wonderful! I don't mind at all walking down the hallway to get to them. They are NOT like dorm rooms or hostels! They are individual bathrooms, each with a toilet, sink, and shower, and the decor there is also cool. The shower heads are awesome -- really big, and attached to the ceiling. Ambient music there, too, which I thought was a nice touch. Might get on some people's nerves, I suppose. In each room there are lights above the door that let you know when the bathrooms are occupied. I only ever saw one light on at a time; we had no problem with crowding at all.One final thing I want to mention about the pod! Right around the corner is a Japanese restaurant called Gyu-Kaku... it is AMAZING! We walked there (literally about 3 minutes). We didn't need to worry about walking around late at night because it was so close, and the food was great. It's one of those yakiniku places where you grill meat and veggies on your table (not a Japanese steakhouse -- look it up if you've never been to one, they are great). A little pricey, but we saved so much money staying at The Pod, we didn't mind paying $80 or so for a big dinner for two!	
Mar 27 2008 	Great Hotel	I stayed at the Pod last week and would highly recomend it to anyone looking for good value accomodation in New York. The Location is perefect for seeing all the sights with central park, times square, and the UN all in close reach. there are also 2 subway stations very close by, for those things that are a bit too far to walk. I had a single room which was larger than i had expected from seeing other peoples photos on this site and others. The bed was nice, and the room on the whole was well equiped (it had a nice iPod alarm clock thing, but the time was wrong, and i couldnt work out how to change it), there is a safe, but it isnt massive, so i wouldn't try and bring large valuable items and plan to leave them in it. The shared bathrooms were nice, always clean, good showers, and there was always at least one free when i needed it. The majority of the staff were friendly and helpfull during the stay. There are a few good breakfast places very nearby, e.g. Pax and Azure. The view from the roof is pretty cool, just make sure you get up there while its open, because it's closed by 9pm. If you want a hotel in New York that gives you value for money and a great location, then this is the one.	
Mar 26 2008 	Excellent hotel. Highly recommend	This is a great hotel. Excellent location. Yes, the rooms are small. But who cares ... when in New York, you just need a clean, comfortable bed, because you're out most of the time. The rooms are clean and perfectly reasonable. Friendly staff. Two subways very close to the hotel. Fantastic Japanese restaurant right next door. Close to 5th Avenue for shopping. Times Square about 20 mins or less walk. I can't rave enough about this place. Definitely will be staying again on next visit.Stayed in a double room. A note of caution -- there isn't much privacy between the shower screen and the bedroom!(I would recommend that you bring ear plugs ... the walls are quite thin)	
Mar 24 2008 	Loved it!	My husband and I, along with our 4 year old daughter stayed at the Pod Hotel for 3 nights while I attended a conference at the UN. We had such a great time! We loved the bunk beds...such great fun! We never had to wait for a bathroom and the showers were hot and very clean. Of course, the room is small, but who goes to NYC to sit around in a hotel room? It filled our needs very well.The television reception was not great, but the wireless internet worked super. This hotel was great because it was close to the UN and I could walk to my conference each day. Also, it only took a couple of minutes to get to the bus stop.I would definitely recommend this place...it was a great bargain and really cool and hip! We'll be back the next time we visit NYC!	
Mar 24 2008 	Love love loved it!	This hotel is the business! Myself and my boyfriend spent 6 nights here from the 28th February and I have nothing but good things to say about the place. I've stayed in many hotels in New York, at various price points and let me tell you, not one of them matched the Pod. Upon arriving at the Pod you immediately know you have made the right decision. It's cool, airy, and the staff are extremely friendly. Yes the lift is slightly slow, but you are staying in one of the most fast paced cities in the world, sometimes it's nice to take a moment to slow down! The rooms are brilliant, small but perfectly formed. They have thought of everything, drawers under the bed, little cubby holes around the sink. Every bit of space utilised well. We stayed in a double room and it was exactly what we needed for our stay. The bathroom, while a little unconventional was great, wonderful shower, although like others have mentioned, you really do need to know who you are traveling with, the window into the shower is completely see through!!! Everyday the room was cleaned to a really high standard, even the shared bathrooms were super clean.The location couldn't be better, walking distance to the Rockefellar centre(be sure to go to the top, the view is AMAZING!) The subway is also couple of blocks away. And when you get too tired/lazy cabs are really easy to come by at the end of the street.There are some nice places to eat near by. Pax at the end of the street is good for bagels and granola in the morning. There is a Sushi restaurant to the right of the Pod, Tanakra?? The best Sushi I have had in a long long time. And they are so nice in there. One place to avoid is the french restaurant which is part of the building, horrible food, bad wine and RUDE staff. All in all, I had a great time in the Pod. A great find in the city that never sleeps.	
Mar 23 2008 	"Style" at the expense of an enjoyable stay	1. Do not bother paying for a private bathroom unless you are extremely familiar with your travelling companion - the bathroom door is made of frosted glass and does not entirely shut, there is a clear glass window into the bathroom, and distance between the toilet and the bed is about 1 metre. I ended up using the toilet in the shared bathroom in the hall most of the time.2. Don't expect to get a good night's sleep without earplugs. The walls are paper-thin and the bathroom vents connect, so you can hear people talking in the surrounding rooms and the hallway - even quiet conversations of an intimate nature.Having said that, the hotel staff were friendly and professional, the hotel is clean and the decor is stylish.The deal is supposed to be that the rooms are small and simple in exchange for more 'style' than you would otherwise receive at this price.However, I wish they had spent more money on common sense design features (like proper walls and doors) and less on the glossy, minimalist lobby and hallways.	
Mar 21 2008	Great place with a rooftop hangout	The Pod is a great place to stay. Their rooms are not &quot;roomy&quot; , but they are extremely functional and perfect for the price. We stayed in a bunk bed room, which was extremely small but fun. Each bed has its own TV. There was also a sink with bath towels and a small desk. Above the door, there is an display that indicates which bathrooms are available - this makes shower/restroom trips extremely convenient. The hotel has a trendy vibe to it (think &quot;Ikea&quot;), but its not the slightest bit prentencious. Guests ranged from European backpackers, hip 20 somethings, to grandparents. The staff was friendly and helpful. The free wi-fi is a plus - you have to contact the front desk to get a user-name/password.The rooftop is amazing, but a little tricky to find (only one of the stairwells has rooftop access). Its a great place to hangout and take in a view of New York City. For food, there are a couple of take out cafe's/cafeterias and a McDonald's that are a block away.Location, two blocks away from subways (which was great since we took the airTrain and the subway into the city for about $7!).	
Mar 18 2008 	Grab your 1st bargain in New York!!	Brilliant Hotel for the money. My girlfriend and I had a great time in the Pod. All the reviews previously were spot on. Very funky place, but not too cool for school. It's kinda compact, but we were aware and there is a place for everything so it's very functional. The Pod is extremely clean, the maids are really efficient, just leave the maid sign out and your room was cleaned either in the morning or afternoon (by the way a few dollars on the pillow each day for them is the done thing, you don't know if the same maid is fixing your room all week to tip them at the end - it's their lively hood) The area and hotel felt safe, and you are close to the main sites and shops. The front desk staff were helpful when asked, there was also a concierge by the main desk for help about the city. There is a roof garden that you can check some views out, it's not sign posted at all but it's on floor 14 stairwell B. Plenty of good places to get food in the area and look out for a place called Azure which has a great selection of food. Hope you have fun at the Pod if you go.	
