	A very trendy and cool hotel right in the heart on Manhatten.	The hotel is in excellent location, just a couple of blocks away from Broadway (Time Square)I choose this hotel because of the cool pictures on their website. Altough it was not as cool as on the website, the hotel still is very modern and stylish.As I just used the hotel to sleep, I can only give my opinions regarding my room and my impressions. I did not use any of the their facilities and also did not have the chance to experience either the restaurant and bar.The room I booked was a standard room. It was very clean and stylish, but a little small for my taste.The bathroom is pretty decent and provides branded toiletries from L'Occitaine.As I almost never were in the hotel I cannot express myself to much about the staff. But the guy that brought my bags to my room was very friendly and helpful. The same guy escorted me when I departed. So, my only interaction with the staff was basically just him.As I mentioned earlier the location is just excellent, you can reach anywhere in NY midtown by foot. There is also an undergorund station just outside the hotel's entrance.In my opinion the hotel is most suitable for younger crowd (18-30)Overall I enjoyed my stay at the Dream.	
Nov 20 2009 	Definately not a Dream	We stayed at this hotel as a change from our usual hotel in NY from the website it looked pretty cool......wrong. Our room was not what I would call luxury we were there for one week and were unable to unpack our clothes as the wardrobe space was made fro people less than 4ft, we were unable to even hang up our coats. I am sorry for this price I expect to be able to unpack. The room was not just minimilast but bare, have been in better travel lodges! No offence to Travel Lodge but at this price we could have stayed at the London. We arrived on Halloween and there was a party going on in the bar downstairs that had spilled onto reception that was OK, it was a holiday after all. little did we know this was an omen of the noise we were to expect nightly. We had a small window with a view of a brick wall. The door of the room did not close properly and we had to put something in front of it at night, from the outside it did not look as if it was closed, it had not been hung properly and did not make us feel as though we or our valuables were safe. The lighting in the room was absolutely rubbish it was impossible to put your make up on and there was no full length mirror. It was noisy and the sky bar , I am sorry I live in a city if I want to look into people's living rooms I will go live in a high rise. When we had recovered from our jet lag we checked out early, it was very difficult to get a hotel room and went to the Radisson where the service was much better and the internet was FREE and we saved over $900! The only plus side was the location but this place should be had under the trade descriptions act. I work in partnership with a lot of &quot;boutique&quot; hotels and I am sorry this was not what I was expecting from the description in website or Time Out. If you are young and a clubber and perhaps only use your room to sleep for a few hours and don't want a nice hotel bar and luxury on your holiday then this might suit you. Oh yeah, the ship in the reception, we only spotted it on our last day it is tiny and as far as we could make out the spa was not in the hotel but around the corner. We didn't let it spoil our trip but would never recommend this hotel.	
Nov 19 2009 	Stylish and perfectly located	Very nice hotel, modern, stylish, clean and friendly. The best is the location: from our room we could look down Broadway to Times Square. There is a small wellness area and a cool bar on the top floor with a great view! 	
Nov 10 2009 	Great location cool hotel but overpriced.	Great location close to Central Park. The room was good and big enough. The A/C was noisy but since we stayed there in November it was ok to keep it turned of. We were on the third floor were the noice from the street was a bit disturbing. I'm sure it would have been nicer further up in the building. All in all a nice enough hotel but not a good value.	
Nov 10 2009 	great location great hotel	Spent six nights in Dream hotel with my husband before spending a further 2 nights in New Rochelle. We loved our stay. Our room was perfect, small but was kinda prepared for it to be far smaller so we were pleasently surprised when we COULD swing a cat in it. I'm mean its not like you spend hours and hours there- its meant for sleeping. We had a closet and a few drawers which was great- we got to unpack completely. We used the Spa for a massage- it was slightly expensive but WELL worth it, it was probably the nicest massae I ever got. The location is ideal- its pretty much walking distance from everything but if your tired or lazy (there were times!) the 57th Street Subway is right outside. I would recommed this hotel to anyone and we intend to stay here the next time we're back- loved it.	
Nov 9 2009 	DO NOT STAY HERE	We had booked online excited at the magic the hotel website promised. We arrived a few hours prior to check- in and the two ladies at the front desk were friendly and prompt. Surprisingly, they didn't turn us away but got us into a room right away. Husband and I were happy to see three working elevators. The lobby is very chic with a constant hub of guests or drivers. Our room was on the 10th floor with a wonderful view of 55th street. We didn't mind that the room was small but the bed could have been more inviting! No kidding I'm 5'3&quot; and my husband is 6'....we both had a difficult time sleeping here. Immediately noticed how HOT the room was. It happened to be 65 degrees in the city this weekend and our room was 86 degrees!!!! No Air Conditioning so Hubby had to prop the bathroom window open. Bathroom had only a shower. After checking in and dropping our luggage, we spent some time shopping only to return to a room that had been &quot;fluffed.&quot; They left two bruised rotting apples and a room service menu on our pillows...could they please skip the beat up apples? If you want a place to pass out in after boozing up the club this is your place...for the money we paid we expected better!	
Nov 7 2009 	Total Rip-Off Go Elsewhere	I stayed there for one weekend and the experience was terrible. I couldn't sleep at night because there was so much noise coming from the A/C, the street outside, and the paper thin walls. I woke up on both nights from hearing other guests' fighting in the middle of the night. Says something about the type of people that stay there too.The final blow was check-out time, when they charged me $200 extra on top of my bill for less than 15 min of phone calls i had made to friends in NYC! Apparently they add a $10 connection fee, WHICH IS NOT WRITTEN ANYWHERE. My talk time was only 15 min total: 2 short conversations and then some voicemail messages i left.This is not how to treat customers. Trashy place and poor value for money. I advise you stay elsewhere.	
Nov 1 2009 	The Dream Hotel	I loved the dream hotel but it wasn't a cozy type of hotel, it was more like a modren hi-tech sorta thing.	
Oct 25 2009 	Totally satisfied	I have absolutely no complaints regarding my stay at the Dream Hotel. We had a large room with a decent sized bathroom including large shower area, lovely Loccitane products and an extremely comfortable bed that I can only describe as like sleeping on a marshmallow! Reception staff were friendly, the bar was funky and the location just in between Times Square and Central Park.	
Oct 17 2009 	Nice view of an airshaft	Stayed at the dream over the Columbus day week-end. Traveled with my wife and another couple. We stayed 4 nights. After reading different reviews, it seemed nice but with small rooms. I also signed up to become a I prefer member which offered free upgrades if available.Our rooms were indeed small, and ours (118) was smaller than our friends and the view out of both of our windows was an air shaft. Expressed our displeasure in this otherwise interesting hotel to no avail.So if you want to spend from 300 to 400 dollars for an undersized room with a view of an air shaft this is the place in New York to find it.	
Oct 8 2009 	Location Location	Perfect location to Times Sq, Central Park, etc. Near a NYC Sightseeing bus stop. Clean and well appointed rooms. Helpful staff and a very good Italian restaurant on site.	
Oct 6 2009 	Great location and roof bar	This hotel is placed in the heart of Manhatten with a great bar on the roof, but try and get a room at least 3 floors from the top because it gets noisy at night.Great value for money and very trendy rooms with excellent interior decorations.The young receptionist we encountered was not very helpfull, but the rest of the staff was great.	
Oct 5 2009 	Hotel for Under 30 Clubbers	My wife and I stayed there this past weekend. The positive ends with the location. This hotel has 2 clubs; one on the lobby level and one in the penthouse. Room doors slam all night long with the club set going up and down to the party scene. If you under 30 and in NYC to party, this is the hotel for you. If you plan on sleeping at night the Dream is a Nightmare.	
Sep 18 2009 	Great hotel!	I stayed here for 3 nights this month, after reading some negative reviews i was a little worried, but should not have been. On arrival the staff at the front desk were lovey, they upgraded me to a larger room with 2 beds (room 507) which was really nice. The hotel lobby is amazing with a massive tropical fish tank as a centre piece, it really looks totally different from other hotels. The room itself was lovely. The beds were so comfortable it was actually like sleeping on a cloud! The bathroom was great too and complimentary toiletries from L'occitane were a nice touch. Unlike other reviews I have read I heard no noise at all, and had no problems with the lifts either. The lobby can get fairly busy with people waiting for lifts to the bar but it isnt enough to bother you.The concierge was also great, really helpful and very polite, as were all the staff.I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to stay somewhere with some personality and not just another chain hotel!	
Sep 4 2009 	Don't stay here	Rooms are small, noisy and air conditioning does not work very well. I stayed in two rooms because after the first night my first room was ransacked and several valuables were stolen. Not a good place to stay if you're on business. Concierge and other staff is run by kids who seem like they want to be on the roof top bar or anywhere other than where they should be to help. With all the people coming in and out of the hotel to go to the rooftop bar your room isn't safe.	
Aug 28 2009 	Great location great hotel	I stayed at the Dream for five nights, having booked through Priceline (@ $100 per night). The room was a decent size, but then I was travelling alone. New York City hotel rooms are small in any case, and this was just fine. It was clean, quiet (my room looked out on rooftops of shops on 7th Avenue) and wonderfully located with the subway on the doorstep, Times Square a 10 minute walk, and Central Park a couple of blocks away.There was also free wireless internet service in the lobby (although not in the room).The only downside was that the lift could be slow at times - but otherwise it was fine.Staff were friendly and helpful.	
Aug 27 2009 	My bedroom closet is bigger than the room I had at Dream	I enjoyed the stay at this hip property. Overall worked out fine, with a caveat for room size - my bedroom closet is indeed bigger :)	
Aug 20 2009 	Better than expected......	My teenaged daughter &amp; I booked 5 nights at Dream through Priceline. After doing so, I became concerned after reading the reviews - especially about bed size. Sharing a double bed may be a little close for comfort unless its a newlywed couple! I requested through email a different room configuration, (2 twins or a queen sized bed) and they would only do so for more cash - which sort of peeved me off. Anyhow, we thought we would tough it out and give it a try.Our first impression of the hotel was the friendly staff, which is always nice after a long day of travelling and delayed flights etc. We were given room 109 - which made me wonder if we were getting the &quot;Priceline Punishment&quot;. I had read reviews about the street noise and noise from the main floor night club and wondered if this would be a nightmare.Turns out - we didn't hear a thing - other than a garbage truck one morning. The room was very quiet, however if any staff are reading this - room 109 has a very big running toilet problem - after flushing, it just keeps going....and going....The beds are very comfortable - and we were tired every day after a long day of sightseeing and walking - so we surprised ourselves by our ability to adapt to the small bed.The rooms are tiny - but we were rarely there, so that didn't matter.We did not ask to have our towels cleaned every day - but they did them anyway. The location is outstanding - out of the crowded, tacky, over priced Times Square area by only a few blocks - very close to Central Park, Columbas Circle and the Carnegie Deli.We ate dinner at the Serafina twice and enjoyed it immensely.Our 5 night experience was positive afterall.	
Aug 17 2009 	Just OK for couples	We had booked on Hotwire (which we will never do again), we didn't know we were booking a &quot;boutique&quot; hotel. We were spending 3 nights with our 15 year old daughter and her 15 year old cousin. This is located in a very good, central spot in Manhattan - very convenient. The rooms are very clean, but extremely small, which usually doesn't bother us, but this was ridiculously small. Our room had a view of another wall, no sunlight ever entered the room. The bed was very comfortable, we had a double bed which took up the entire room. There was literally no room to walk around or put your luggage. The lighting was so dim, I felt like I was in a cave or a cell.We needed to use a printer to print boarding passes, and found there was no business center to do so. The concierge was pleasant, but could not accomodate us, as the printers were not working at all, and the technician was working on the problem. I thought this was very odd, for a hotel of this class to not be able to accomodate this request.The lobby is not impressive and the staff was the same. Not rude, but just disinterested and not helpful.The hotel would be fine for a young couple, just looking for a bed to sleep in. Definitely not good for children or teens. Hotwire labeled this as a 3.5 star - I would not rate it that high.	
Aug 13 2009 	the Dream was almost Great	A spotlessly clean hotel in the middle of Manhattan. Two blocks south of Central Park near Carnegie Hall. Times Square is less than 10 blocks south. We got a great rate on Hotwire which gives it a 31/2 star rating, a little high perhaps but very good value. . We stayed 4 nites and could have used another small dresser. What the room lacked in size it made up for in quality The beds and linens are good quality and are very comfortable, Ours was a double and a queen mattress would have been appreciated.There is a mini bar and safe in the room. The bathroom is small but well stocked. There is a large HD television on the wall but an analogue converter so the picture quality could have been much better. In addition a digital HD converter allows the hotel to keep you updated and to sell additional PPV services.they comped us a couple of drinks on arrival and then a breakfast when the A/C acted up on the first nite. The staff were all helpful and courteous. The rooftop bar was a fun, but expensive place. This is a boutique hotel with an understated Buddhist motif. It has a bluish white palate throughout the hotel. A large Buddhist sculpture at the back of the lobby provides a restful, quiet place to relax. I understand that there is a spa at the hotel but did not see it. In the room a bible provides insight into the religion. Although I read a little and learned a little I did not achieve Enlightenment. That takes a lifetime.I'm writing this review more as a critique for the owners who are obviously trying very hard to make this a great hotel. i would not hesitate to recommend it.	
Aug 10 2009 	Sweet Dreams at the Dream	I stayed at the DREAM hotel in New York for two nights and highly recommend it. It's not always easy to find a decent hotel that isn't overly expensive. Dream is in a good location, it has a friendly staff, the rooms are clean and comfortable, check in and check out were quick, and overall I'd say it's a great value in NYC. I used Hotels.com to make the reservation and went with their small room as I was by myself. It wasn't big but it was clean, comfortable and had everything I needed e.g. iron, ironing board, hair dryer and all the little bottles of shampoo etc. The A/C worked great and I had absolutely no issues and I felt safe. Give it a try, I think you'll be pleased.	
Aug 10 2009 	Excellent Experience	I was skeptical to stay here at first, because of all the mixed reviews. But with a great deal on Priceline I just couldn't say no. The hotel staff was extremely courteous and happy to share their knowledge of the city. The roofdeck and lobby bars were cool, but expensive (it's NYC get used to it). The room was small, but large enough to stay in for a few nights without getting freaked out. Overall this trip was great, and if you want to stay in the perfect location (directly in between Times Square and Central Park) then stay at the Dream. You have my reccomendation.	
Aug 7 2009 	Accessible hip	We recently held a meeting at the Dream for some clients and they were incredibly easy to deal with. When the cab pulled up and I saw a bunch of hipsters smoking outside, I was a little worried, but all my fears of having to deal with a lot of attitude were unfounded. You can tell this is an older hotel with a recent facelift, but they've focused on comfort and convenience. The bed was amazing, with a fluffy duvet on a pillowtop mattress. Yes, the room was small, but it's New York. The staff is exceedingly friendly and energetic, if a bit green. We loved the 2 story fishtank in the lobby. Warning: don't stay here if you can't tolerate incense. Also, Internet access is wireless only, which caused a problem for one member of our party.	
Aug 1 2009 	Boutique chich but pricey	Stayed her after a few days work in NY in Dec 08 - great location couple of blocks from Central Park and times square. chich bar - very NY and rooms were cute but VERY small ......................... so if you want a hotel for a base only to see the sights then you could pay a third of hte price and probably get a bigger room but more blocks back in manhattan. ideal for sight seeing.reception efficient and polite, very clean nice big red rosey apples on your pillow and fab french tioletries, but the bathroom ... no bath just shower/sink/loo no bigger than my home downstairs loobar upstairs played good music with dj - pricey drinks cira us$10 per jd and coke ...................... and lots of freaky dancers! but good atmosphere ................... recommend if you can afford £300 per night and you liek a bit of ambience ............... and somethign a bit different ............. as I say ideal location.	
Aug 1 2009 	Ideal Location	I too got this hotel stay from Priceline and was very concerned after reading all the reviews prior to coming for our stay. The location of this hotel is very ideal. We never had to take a taxi or subway the whole time we were here because we were within blocks of Times Square and Central Park. Make sure you park in a parking garage that has an agreement with the hotel in order to get their $25 daily rate. We could have sworn the bell hop told us that we could park in the garage up the street and the front desk even put a sticker on our parking garage ticket. However, the next morning when we went to get our car the gentleman at the garage said they didn't have an agreement with the hotel and we had to pay $37 instead. We knew we wouldn't get a very large room or bed from the posts we had read so we had already prepared ourselves. We did get a handicapped room on the 9th floor which was a little larger, we were told, and was rather quiet. The beds are really comfortable. Our bathroom wasn't the cleanest. There was hair on the floor and I did see a few small insects of some sort. We really liked their sample of shower gel. Oh and they have robes for you to wear while you are there. Also we received 2 complimentary beverage coupons from their bar when we checked in. Just a little bonus...always nice! We never had to wait very long for the elevators. Everyone was very nice to us the whole time we were there. I think alot of it has to do with what you go there expecting....I felt that I definitely got what I paid for. There are hotels that you can pay 4 times what I paid and still not get all your looking for so I feel we definitely got a bargain and I would definitely go back!with spending what I did and getting as much as I did out of it. I would definitely go back!	
Jul 31 2009 	Great Location No Problems	Front Dest allowed me to check in early. I really appreciated that, as I wanted to rest up befora a function at Lincoln Center, which is walking distance. Had fun at Italian restaurant on first floor. Met nice locals who gave me advice about getting around, and where to go. The club on the top floor was not a good place for singles. Music was very loud, and no way to strike up a conversation. Carnagie Deli around the corner. This was my first stay over in NYC, so can't compare to other hotels. I imagine most rooms are small. More important to be clean, and well located.	
Jul 26 2009 	Pleasantly Surprised	First time I've stayed here. And I'm always a little leary of the cool NYC hotel.The elevators are small and old. Considering that I would suggest staying on the 1st floor ---- although its really the 2nd floor. Why? So that after you've taken luggage up, you can use the stairs and bypass the elevators until check out.Beds are incredible. Bathroom nice and livable. Not big by any means, but no complaints here. 42&quot; plasma on the wall, adequate space around one side of the bed.Didn't eat here --- but then its NYC, why would I?Blue neon affect lighting and a 65 degree temperature room greeted me. NICE.I'll be back.	
Jul 26 2009	Most comfortable bed I've ever slept in	I just returned from a weekend trip to NY. I was traveling with my son and his girlfriend. We booked our room on priceline and was quite suprised at the room we got. The Dream hotel is in a perfect location. We were able to convienantly travel around the city from here. We were given a room on the 10th floor with 2 double beds. It was a large room by NY standards. The bedding was white and the softest I've ever slept in. The room was emaculant. I don't think I've ever stayed in a cleaner hotel room. We all slept very well. The room was so quiet that it was hard to believe you were in the city that never sleeps. The staff was excellent and very accomidatingI will absolutely stay here again	
Jul 24 2009 	Don't stay here... your room could be a closet!	Stayed two miserable nights at the Dream.... Our room HAD to be the smallest in the hotel -- literally 20&quot; of walking room around the bed (we measured). We asked to be moved to something at least a little larger, and they would only accommodate us with a 90 dollar a night additional charge. Room doors don't block out any noise. We heard every word and every step (even flip flops flapping) of anyone in the hallway within 10 rooms of ours. There's a nightclub on the ground floor, so folks were going to their rooms at 3 and 4 AM, and we knew it! (Not to mention the boom boom noise emanating from the floor below.)Don't believe the photos. The lobby is fine, and so is the location, but the room we got was absolutely unacceptable. The fitness center was not open during posted open hours. Room Service is from nearby hotel and has limited very expensive choices (even for NYC).	
Jul 20 2009 	Rude and unaccommodating staff noisy aging slow elevators cheap decor and impractical furnishings.	I waited 10 minutes for an elevator when I arrived. The staff were rude and unhelpful.I was traveling with my mother, and they would not provide a room with two beds. They explicitly indicated that because I reserved on Priceline, I could only have a room with one double bed (not even a queen!). At first, I was told no other rooms were available--even though I checked in at 3:00 (maids were barely finished cleaning). After repeated inquiries, they finally admitted a room with two beds was available. But it would cost $90 more. Since our stay was short, we decided to stay in our original room. But they had no cots! And the room didn't even have an arm chair. The dim lighting didn't hide the cheap decor. Noise was awful. The room was so noisy I could barely fall asleep.	
Jul 17 2009 	Good location funky hotel staff not so good	We stayed in the Dream Hotel for a birthday trip about 18 months ago. The hotel is a few blocks from Times Square so a good location, and just far enough off to not be too noisy and busy. The room was of an adequate size and clean, smart design with crisp whites and silver furniture. Turndown service included a weather report and fruit which was a nice touch, and the toiletries in the bathroom were of a good quality. VERY COMFY BED!! There was strange lighting which took us a while to work out how to turn off, it was blue! Also the bath was not full size which was a bit frustrating if you wanted to have a relax after a long day in the city. The hotel is funky, with a pretty exclusive bar on the rooftop, and a smart restaurant on the ground floor. We didn't use either during our stay. The main downside is the service. My boyfriend had ordered a bottle of champagne as a surprise for our birthday the following day - the surprise was ruined as when we arrived it was already there, not even chilled. We had it on our birthday and asked for an ice bucket - twice - what we got was one of their plastic bedroom bins with ice in. Then we realised when drinking that the bottle was actually sparkling wine. When we enquired we were told &quot;that's what champagne is in the States&quot; I don't think so!! They billed us for champagne and it was a real struggle to sort it out before we left. But a decent hotel with an interesting atmosphere.	
Jul 17 2009 	Really Noise	I stay in this hotel for 8 days... The room is really small, and the bathroom is really really old e poor. I stay in the 3Th Floor, and the noise is unbearable... there was a big AC machine close to the windows.Is you stay there make sure you are above 7th floor.	
Jul 13 2009 	Dreamy	Went to NYC for a show, romantic weekend and to celebrate our birthdays. At check in we were upgraded to a suite. Two bathrooms, large bedroom and &quot;living room&quot;. Corner room with great views. Bed was wonderful ! Apples on our pillows were a nice touch in the Big Apple! Blue lights were fun and different. The aquarium in the lobby was amazing! Enjoyed the rooftop bar very much. Yana was a great little waitress and Heather, events manager, was very nice. Who would have thought you could get a $2 hamburger or hot dog in NYC at a roof top bar??? Or have comped drinks??? Featured drink made with cucumber &amp; TyKu was very refreshing and light for a warm afternoon before going to dinner &amp; show. We stayed on the 8th floor and the bar was quite busy Saturday night as evidenced by the line for the elevators (one reserved for hotel guests only so this was not a problem) and noise was not an issue. Location was very good, Central Park, restaurants, theater all close by - short walk or short taxi ride. Front desk and bellman very helpful and friendly. All in all a wonderful place to stay in the city and would return.	
Jun 28 2009 	Better than expected	Based on the rather mixed reviews on Tripadvisor and other forums I have been quite sceptical about this hotel, but as we made a good deal through our travel agent, we hoped for the best - and find it better than expected. Lucky us, we get a &quot;larger&quot; room in the 9th floor on the backside of the hotel which means no street noise and no sound from the bar and the rooftop, which is a good place with a nice view in the evening. Comfortable queen bed, solid bathroom, space to store our luggage (incl. a wheelchair), good flatscreen and Bose radio - nothing to complain about. The blue lighting of the room - well...if you liked Miami Vice 20 years ago, you might find this enjoyable. Friendly and quick responding doormen and reception crew (had a little issue with the safe which took only 10 min between first call and problem solving). In addition, they warned us about the sensible sensor of the minibar which might lead to charges even without taking anything - nice move.Onsite Italian restaurant Serafina is ok-ish. Downsides? Not that many - except the wireless fee, which is ridiculous these days when you get access anywhere else for free.If you like Central Park, Columbus Circle and the uptown museums like the NAD, this place is to be recommend if you get a good deal. If not, check for some of the standard tourist hotels in midtown which are a better bargain.	
Jun 28 2009 	Chic "downtown" feel in midtown	Stayed here for one night with friends for my 40th birthday. Hotel was clean, staff was friendly and attentive. The decor is modern and sophisticated. Bathrooms are small but clean and updated. We had 3 rooms and everyone loved the beds - super comfortable. Because we only stayed for one night we didn't require a lot of storage however if you are staying for more than one night you may find that there isn't enough dresser space. All in all, a great birthday!	
Jun 19 2009 	This Dream can turn into a nightmare	This is a very trendy hotel with serious flaws. First of all, the staff treats you like you are bothering them. When we checked in we were told we had the best room in the hotel (we are i-prefer members). They forgot to tell us that the room was right below the night club, which is on the top floor of the hotel. The bass boomed so loudly in our room until 1-2 AM every single night that we couldn't sleep. One night one of the hotel managers reluctantly called up to the club and they agreed to turn the bass down (but that was after I made 3 calls to the front desk). The next night another manager crossly told me &quot;the club is a separate business, I can't do anything. You should have changed your room (we had one of the bigger rooms in the hotel and we were not about to go into one of the closet sized rooms that seem to populate most of the hotel).” I told her that if they wanted to pack up our things and move us we would, and she just blew me off. No &quot;I'm sorry,&quot; no apology, no nothing. That was the overall attitude of everyone in the hotel (except for one front desk person) any time we asked for anything, even to be connected to room service (they connected us to their restaurant instead). They constantly brought the wrong newspaper, they forgot to clean our room one day, the lighted mirror in the bathroom didn't light, and the door to the terrace we had wouldn't lock. Even a maid acted angry toward us because we weren't out of the room for her to clean by 11 AM one day during our stay. The phrases &quot;customer service&quot; and &quot;service with a smile&quot; are mostly unknown here. if you're young, hip, bring earplugs, and like dealing with rude people you'll love this hotel. If you're a seasoned traveler who has experienced really good hotels and service you might want to stay away from this one.	
Jun 18 2009 	A Dream come true!	This trip was a birthday present for my husband , and it was a dream for me , this hotel is a dream come true , the room is amazing , service amazing , staff excellent... i must thank all the staff for helping on the surprise i made for my husband ...i defenatly recommendthis hotel to a friend or famaly , actualy i already did it...	
Jun 13 2009 	Cool place good location	The location of this hotel is quite good: you are very close to Central Park and Columbus Circus, right next to a subway station with fast trains to Down Town and Time Square is not far either for the newest shows in town.Staff is young and friendly. The room service quite different, they focus on Pizza, which is a nice change and it probably reflects the fact that rather young people would stay in this hotel. The lobby reminds almost of a night club, with an aquarium right in the middle. The whole hotel is quite dark too. There are 2 bars, perfect for &quot;a last one&quot; before going to bed. The rooms are rather small, but comfortable - and after all, you are not in New York to spend much time in your hotel room. The room rates for ok too, so good value for money here!	
Jun 1 2009 	Stay away	I just don't understand the other reviews on this place. I've stayed in hotels in NYC for 20 years, easily over a dozen different places, and I can't remember one this bad. The hotel employees were not especially the issue; some were great and others obviously had no direction or initiative. It was the building and it was mainly form over function. The A/C units in each room, and I had five rooms, were all individual units and were entirely enclosed within each room--they were loud. We all opened our windows and had to turn off the A/C. Luckily the evenings were cool. And there was no full length mirror in any room. Furthermore, for families please be forwarnd that there is erotic art on the walls and statues in the hallways. It's by no means obscene, however, it's specific and from what I could see is advertising this hotel as a sex hotel for couples and very short stays. We were all there for four nights and the price was right with priceline, however, I would never chose this on my own.	
May 29 2009 	A real dream much more than could be expected	This was the most pleasant stay in a New York hotel in more than 15 years of yearly visits, far better than its place in the popularity index would suggest. There is something there for everyone, on every type of stay. So much has been said about it that I shall restrict myself to a few pointers. If you come for more than four days or are on a New York stopover in a long journey, you must take the largest room available, otherwise there is not enough room to store your luggage. You can ask for the minibar to be emptied; this gives you a fridge for your needs. Also, if the very soft mattress is too soft you can ask room service to remove the top layer; what remains is a firm mattress still very comfortable. The hotel provides breakfast, however if you like to start lightly in the morning, on Broadway there is a Starbuck's just a few steps away, many guests do carry trays to their rooms. More nourishing fare is available at the Café Europa, two blocks up Seventh Avenue, right opposite Carnegie Hall. And for daily snacks in the room, there is a supermarket on the corner of 57th Street and Broadway. Read what other correspondents have said about the noise, but if you like the clubbing and dancing scene there is plenty of action on the roof during weekends, with careful screening and ID checking by security guards downstairs to prevent minors and undesirables from entering. For relaxation there is a Spa based mainly on ancient Indian remedies. So we wish all of you as good a time as we had. - Amosh, Jerusalem	
May 24 2009 	Totally Dreamy	What a beautiful, sexy hotel! From the minute you walk in you know you are some place special. The staff is over the top friendly and helpful. The rooms are amazing, we had a suite and it was huge by Manhattan standards. The ethereal glow of the place made for very sweet dreams. I highly recommend this hotel for a special time in NY. If you are looking for something unique, look no further.	
May 24 2009 	A bargain in the right location with a great staff and a very nice hotel	The Dream Hotel is on the corner of 55th and Broadway. It has a restaurant with street side dinning on Broadway. The address is 210 West 55th. From here you are a short walk to 5th Avenue shopping or Time Square madness.There is a bar on the 14th floor as well as rooftop deck with a great view that gets pretty lively and a club like lounge off the lobby that heats up late. Beer at any of the three was $8.Every staff member I encountered was friendly, helpful and sincere. The hotel is well kept, clean, modern and everything worked. I had the smallest room available. There was a large LCD TV and a built-in desk. WiFi is $10 per day and worked reliably. This is a well renovated older building and as such the rooms are small. The bathrooms are very small. If you are looking for a large room and spacious bath look elsewhere. I thought the rate was very fair for a hotel of this caliber in this location. I stayed during a holiday weekend. The rate for Friday was $229 plus tax and Saturday was $259.The spa was great. I had a very good Ayurvedic massage.	
May 19 2009 	Small (SMALL) rooms and lots of NOISE!	Pretty hotel in nice location, but rooms are very small and the windows do not keep the noise out of the rooms. I stayed in 2 rooms, first room on 5th floor had LOUD turbine noise from the AC system on the ground floor. They moved me to the &quot;quiet&quot; side on the 4th floor but I still heard the turbine plus new noises from the ground floor and the bar on the 14th floor. I don't mind small rooms in NY as I work in NY about 15 times a year, but these rooms are smaller than most other hotels, you can barely walk around the bed.One positive is Serafina restaurant off lobby. Excellent breakfast (not cheap but outstanding) and maybe the best pizza outside Naples.	
May 17 2009 	Loved the Dream!	I spent 3 nights at The Dream hotel. I got a fantastic deal through price-line ($120/night) but was worried about the negative reviews. Here are some random observations and thoughts.I arrived in NY at 11 am and called to see if I could check in early. They said they were full but I could drop off my luggage and pre-register. I didn't end up doing that but got there at 2:30 and was able to check in then. I had leis shipped for a graduation I was attending and they were delivered before I arrived. I asked if there was a refrigerator I could use overnight. The woman at the desk said there was a minibar in the room, and that they could empty that for me so I could have room for the leis. I thought that was great.The room was very small. It was fine for just me but If my husband were with me, it would have been too small. The bed was a full size, there was a dresser with two drawers and a small refrigerator, a closet (with iron and ironing board), and a small desk with an outlet on top! Loved that convenience. The bathroom was also small (maybe tiny!) with a half tub.The TV is a flat screen mounted to the wall. There was about 24 inches between the end of the bed and the wall. I peeked in a few other rooms in passing and I'm pretty confident mine was the smallest. The bed is tall enough that I was able to slide my suitcase under it to save space.There was no view, just a building. There was a privacy blind that did bring in some natural light. I think the lighting was a bit dark. The bathroom had a magnified mirror but still, the light wasn't very good.The bed was heaven. That alone will make be go back! It had a feather top pad and fluffy pillows with a soft comforter. Loved it!!Service was outstanding! I forgot toothpaste and they brought some up right away. I started my period early and wasn't prepared. I called down and supplies were delivered. I wanted a glass of wine and the two bars were super crowded and LOUD and a gentleman at the desk got a glass for me and I was able to drink it in the lobby while talking on the phone. The housekeepers were very nice. I'm not sure if it was because I was expecting rudeness, but the service was just superb. Plus they emptied the minibar.The hotel is very trendy and has a few popular clubs but even though I am pushing 50, It wasn't obnoxious. This hotel would be perfect for young people who party!The location was fantastic. Wireless internet is about $10/day. Next time I visit NYC I hoe to take my children so I don't think I would stay here unless they have suites but If I happen to visit again, I would stay here. The bed was a dream!!	
May 13 2009 	Great Location	This hotel is in the midst of it all. I booked it as part of a sexy weekend out with my boyfriend. We dined at Amalia and then spent the night dancing in the Ava Lounge. The hotel was beautiful and trendy and we were able to sneak a peek into the gorgeous Chopra Center located downstairs. The staff was very friendly, a house keeper actually helped me sow myself into my dress when it broke as I was on my way out to eat dinner! There is so much to do at the Dream Hotel! Yes, I'll admit the rooms aren't perfect but with all the things you can do outside, why would you sit in the room?	
May 4 2009 	Not worth the money!	This is a boutique hotel located close to Times Square. The location was fantastic as it is very close to most of the tourist attractions. We checked in on Saturday May 1st. The hotel lobby is very cool and trendy looking with a large fish tank in the center. We were on the first floor and had a double bed room. The room was small but had a cool trendy feel with blue lights under the bed, in the desk. The furniture is mostly white and showed wear and tear.Trying to figure out how the light switches worked was an ordeal. The main switch turns off the blue light in the desk...while other swtiches are used to turn of the main room lights. The room was too hot and we turned down the thermostat to cool down the room and left for dinner, upon our return, the temperature had not changed. We called down and was told someone would be up, 1 hour later we had to call again. The technician finally arrived and played with the switch and finally got the AC to work.On our second night, we moved to a King Suite and experienced the same issues with light switches. However, this room was too cold and we called to have the heating fixed. The technician arrived and told us that the hotel had turned off the heating option and all we would get is cold air and suggested we ask for additional blankets to keep us warm. Checkout time was 12noon and we called to ask for a later checkout of 1:30pm and was told the hotel was sold out. We left our room at 12noon and forgot to check out and went out to have lunch. When we came back to collect our luggage an hour later, we apologized for forgetting to check out and was told it was not a problem, this did not make sense since we were told no when we asked for an extension. The hotel staff did just did not care.I would not recommend this hotel. We stayed at the Grand Hyatt in NYC and I would recommend you check that one out!	
May 3 2009 	Nice but overpriced	It's blue, it's neon, it's trendy - just pricey! Room was small but that's New York...	
Apr 20 2009 	Excellent lovely modern hotel... had a perfect stay at the dream hotel!!!	My boyfriend booked 5 nights in new york at the Dream hotel as a surprise christmas pressie for me! We went over easter from 11th arpil-17th april. At first i was a little worried with all the negitive reviews i had read, however i couldn't be more happy with my stay at the dream hotel! When we arrived hotel staff were very welcoming, gave us free drinks vouchers for bar next door, and checked us in quickly. our room was the 12th floor and happened to be a corner room which was very spacious with lots of floor space! (prob because it was a corner room though) so we were very happy with this as i know new york hotel rooms are said to be on the small side. Lovely modern crisp feel to the room, very clean and simple, and to our taste. bathroom again decent size, lovely and clean, shampoo and conditioner products for us to use and towels changed everyday. large plasma tv on the wall and plenty of storage space for clothes and fluff bathrobes! not great view from the room but we were more interested in going out to see new york anyway!Great location, starbucks across the road, close to central park, 5th avanue, times square!! also lots of small eating places near by for breakfast and lunch! Subway at the corner of the block, which we used to get to places a little further away! defo the best way to get around, taxi's are too expensive!!Overall FAB stay at the dream hotel, no negitive comments or any problems in the 5 nights we spent here, and we will defo be going back and would recommend this hotel to all my family and friends!!!!	
Apr 18 2009 	Excellent Hotel. Freindly Staff	I'm suprised by the nagative comments regarding the staff at the Dream Hotel. They couldn't have been nicer to my girllfriend and I. We arrived at 6:30 am on a Saturday and inquired about dropping off our bags, so we could walk around Central Park. The staff let us know that are room was already ready for check in. She also gave us drink tickets for the bar next door. Very good location. Two blocks to the park, and right at the Northern edge of the Theatre District. From my second floor view I could see the Ed Sullivan Theatre. While the room was on the small side, I would definitely stay here again. Excellent decor and penthouse lounge also!	
Apr 2 2009 	Cute hotel terrible customer service	The hotel is very cute and funky. Room was nice, but very tiny. I had a problem that was not solved to my satisfaction. The manager was pretty rude to me. I even brought it to the attention of the parent company and was also met with rudeness. They are not a customer based organization. I travel quite a bit and will not be staying in this hotel again.Although, the Chopra Spa downstairs is absolutely AWESOME!	
Mar 26 2009 	Great Hotel to Sleep In	We stayed for one night at this hotel and I can only say positive things about it. The Front Desk was actually very nice to us and didn't mind us checking in early so we could drop off some bags in our room and begin exploring New York. This location is great for that. The rooms were very clean and the beds, sheets, and towels were all soft and comfortable. The rooms basically consisted of just a bed and desk but it did have a nice flat screen tv. All we basically used our room for was just to sleep and shower so if that's all you need it for then it's perfect. If you plan on staying in your room all day then it could make you feel a little claustrophobic. For us though, we'd rather see what's outside than stay inside.	
Mar 25 2009 	Dream - Nice Concept; Uneven Execution	I used Priceline for a 31/2 star hotel for two adults and got the Dream at a very good price $95 per night. Unfortunately the Dream has rooms with only full-sized beds and the Priceline room is assigned to these. I am at elite levels in several programs and at no time in all my travels (except at National Parks) have I ever seen full-sized beds deemed adequate for two adults as I had requested from Priceline. The Dream front desk staff was among the most rude that I have experienced, especially at at a hotel of this level. I have used Priceline before and have been treated as a valuesd customer. The Dream front desk staff treated me like as someone not deserving. Eventually I was able to &quot;upgrade&quot; to a queen room for two adults at $30 additional per night. The rooms were funky like a W Hotel and the fresh apple with turn down service was a nice touch. L'Occitane amenties are nice also. The location couldn't be better - - on Broadway only two blocks from Times Square and a few blocks from Central Park, and a subway stop only a few steps to the east. The concierge staff were friendly and helpful in contrast with the front desk.For a single traveler this hotel is tremendous and with Priceline a tremendous value.	
Mar 21 2009 	Hot Room	And I don't mean that kind of Hot . Temperature in room was 80 degrees and could not get air conditioner to come on. All we wanted was a comfy place to sleep for the nite and we were not comfortable at that temperature. I suspect the air conditioning has not yet been turned on which is why I did not bother to call the front desk. We got in late and I did not really want to play that &quot;we'll send someone up&quot; game. Small room, soft bed.The bathroom was clean and nice. The restaurant , Serafina, was great. Will not go back here. I like things to be comfortable without asking.	
Mar 20 2009 	Great location!!!	Great location hotel, very good service but...little expensive!!	
Feb 26 2009 	Great location fantastic bed customer service wasn't the best	We stayed for 5 nights at Dream, I will list the pros and cons belowPros: Concierge was very good, The bed in the room was really soft and large. Location is superb, nice and close to Times square but not too noisy. There were some nice quirly design touches in the hotel that made it interesting, the lighting was cool also.Cons: Reception staff were a bit rude on our departure, the rooms are slightly on the small side (but probably average for NYC). The maids did not obey the do not disturb sign.Overall I would reccomend, especially for a romantic getaway.	
Feb 20 2009 	Great Location Could not fault it!!	As we had never been to NYC, I was nervous as what to expect, esp with the hotel!Room was a medium queen, it was a nice size, Not massive for the money but it was clean and comfortable and had all we needed.I was impressed the toiletries provided were L'Occitane which are fab.Every day the room was cleaned, fresh towels and if you wanted your bed could be changed.Very central location, subway round the corner.Roof top bar, good but pricey!Staff, very helpful and pleasant from door men to reception to handymen.The adjoining restaurant Serafina is lovely too, good food and reasonable! We stayed for a week and we are a young couple and both pleased!	
Feb 7 2009 	Sexy but small	I stayed here during the holiday season. By joining the preferred group of hotels I was able to get a decent deal on the room, which was what they call a &quot;medium&quot; size room. The room was about as big as my closet. I actually changed rooms after the first night, which had its pros and cons. The first room was extra tiny and overlooked some kind of generator or something. No view and no daylight at all. But it was pretty quiet. The second room, on the 10th floor, was slightly bigger and faced Broadway but really didn't have a view, unless you consider looking into other people's apartments a view. And the noise level from the street was unbelievable. I had to sleep with earplugs and I could still hear all the street noise, especially the taxis honking their horns! That being said, the room was very very clean and very sexy. The blue lights added a little something extra to those moments with my guy and the bed was super comfortable. Not sure if I would stay here again though. I dont think it was worth the price.	
Feb 2 2009 	Sooo Nice.	This hotel is in a great location in Manhattan. You are right in the center of everything. The rooms are very cool and I would definately get a suite if you could afford it. Overall I loved the hotel and I would definately recommend it. Dana-New York	
Jan 12 2009 	Great location	Had just a quick business trip for 2 nights and loved the Dream. Had stayed several years before it changed to Dream and I have to say that the upgrades are fab. Very good location and great service. I’d return in a minute.	
Jan 9 2009	Cool Hotel	Cool hotel. Great location. Nice roof top bar with great cocktails.	
Jan 8 2009	Great Location	Great Location, the location is on 7th Avenue 53rd Street, a perfect location for everything. The room booked was quite small, with a small bed. Modern with great amenities. You can see Times Square from the end of the road and the Top Bar. Central park short walk away.The staff were helpful, everything was very clean. It was not cheap, but this is Manhattan.Book if you want a great location, walking distance to Times Square &amp; the Park. Also a subway at the end of the block.	
Jan 7 2009 	Well positioned hotel	Just came back from New York and wanted to add my opinion on this hotel. Before we left we checked other reviews and decided to book despite the mixed ratings. We are very happy we chose this hotel after all. We book a large room with a big bed and we highly recommend it, as the small room is really small. The bed was very very comfortable and the service was very good. The hotel is very well positioned in New York, close to many attractions, metro, lots of cafes restaurants. For New Year's Eve we just had to step outside the hotel, on the 7th Ave and we had a very good view of the Times Square and the ball. The only one thing we did not like was the noise. This was not the noise from the inside, as the rooms were well insulated and we could not hear other rooms or people cleaning the corridors. It was the outside noise from the street - especially when the garbage was collected - and there was a lot of garbage. Since we had experienced before the same issue when visiting New York in other hotels, we were prepared with ear plugs - so we highly recommend them if you have a room facing the street.	
Jan 2 2009 	Just the perfect Hotel in Manhattan	After reading the reviews I was in a mixed mind whether to book. In the end I just did and stayed between 24th and 28th December 2008. The location is on 7th Avenue 53rd Street, a perfect location for everything. The room booked was a large room which was fantastic, modern with great amenities and great toiletries. Starbucks right on the corner and right round the corner from the famous carnegie hall and carnegie deli. You can see Times Square from the end of the road and central park to the north. The staff where very helpful, the bar cool and everything just great!! It was not cheap, but this is Manhattan and that is what is expected I gather. Book this hotel if you want a great location, walking distance to Macys, Saks, Times Square all the favourites with a subway literally across the road. Just brilliant!!!!!!!!!!	
Jan 1 2009 	Excellent Location	The Dream Hotel is ideally located in New York City. The staff are excellent,it is spotless and we will certainly return.	
Dec 17 2008 	Artsy Boutique Hotel	My Fiance booked two rooms at the Dream one for ourselves and another for my friend and her husband. When I looked through the travelers photos on tripadvisor I was discouraged and wanted to change the reservations but I am glad we did not. If your looking for a boring hotel with no appeal there are many to be found Dream is trendy sort of South Beach Miami style the small rooms are tiny, clean, great bathroom lighting for applying makeup(not florescent), and super comfortable soft duvet and bed. If your going to NY to spend a lot of time in your room dont rent a small one it is cozy for two without a lot of space for luggage. We left our suitcases with the bellman downstairs and left NY without one of our bags. I called a few hours later and the bag was tagged this was on Sunday I received my bag by Monday morning in Houston free of charge. I commend the Dream for great customer service, and you cant beat the location. We also had breakfast at Serafina and the food was very good.	
Dec 16 2008 	Hated my dreams	I should have taken the recommendation from my co-worker to stay at the Tribeca Grand Hotel. Well, I had the honor to pay $310 a night w/o tax for a room on the 13th floor. The good...when I brushed my teeth it wasn't a far walk from the corner of the bed to the sink in the bathroom. I just wish the bathroom door wouldn't have hit the sink when opened. My other coworkers bathroom door hit the toilet when opened, so I should feel lucky. The front desk and concierge staff were not very polite. They did do their job though.The bad. I was placed on the 13th floor which is below the nightclub and the dance floor. I got to hear the bass beat and the floor shake all night. In addition the elevators sounded as they were going to plummet to the center of the earth. I might have had a better night sleep snuggling with Lucifer (actually that my wife's name and I was on a work trip). Am I exaggerating? No, this is all this true and I am happy to be home. I would recommend the Drake or Weston at Times Square over the Dream.	
Dec 16 2008 	Nice hotel Shame about the staff	Me and my Fiancee booked to go to the Dream hotel for our first trip to NYC, we booked it as it looked like something different and very nice! Upon arriving to the hotel it looks nice but it is fairly small but well maintained! We had booked our trip with Expedia and had paid for the hotel upfront on the voucher we presented it clearly stated all we had to do was present the voucher and our room would be given as we had paid for everything in advance so we started to check in with no worries when one of the Front desk staff asked for a credit card for incidentals which is usually ok as they take a copy of the card and all is fine, But this hotel was different they advised we would need to have a credit card that had $100 per night we stayed on it for pre authorisation (We stayed 6nights so that was $600) they said they wouldnt check us in if we couldnt provide this!!! I was totally shocked I understand they need some sort of back up but $100 per night!! I didnt have that sort of money and nowhere did it state that we needed to do this as we had already paid upfront for the room for them to advise me I couldnt have the room I had already paid for if I didnt have the money they wanted on my credit card!! I only had a switch card with money on it as I wasnt expecting this and they refused this!! They also advised cash wasnt acceptable in the end we managed to put down $200 is cash for first night as we arrived on a saturday and then my mum back in the UK had to send a copy of her credit card which also we had problems with as they advised they didnt receive it then they found it just lying around and they blocked our room once also even though we had sorted this. The staff I found quite rude and their attitude was they were doing us a favour even though the room was already paid for!!!In regards to the rooms we booked a Medium room, thank god we did as this was still very small, so the small room must be tiny!! The rooms were spotless and they have an evening cleaning service so if you need it towels etc and your bed would be redone in the evening which was nice! Although we were there 6nights and the shampoos/soaps were never changed we never got any new although we had pretty much run out of this.The hotel location was amazing a really short walk from Times Square and all the Theatres etc also very close to Central park. Cant knock the location is fab!!Just be careful of hidden charges on room!!!	
Dec 2 2008	Great location nice hotel	We stayed November 21 - 25 in Dream Hotel. The location is perfect, close to Time Square and Central Park.Nice hotel with nice rooms. We stayed in a Kingbed room wich was not really King but ok.Concierge is a really good help for any questions. I would recommend this hotel for anyone who is in the city to discover NYC!	
Dec 1 2008 	Not what it seems	After staying at the Dream this past weekend it is difficult to understand where the 5 star reviews have come from. Do not mistake yourself into thinking that this is a good value alternative to the Hudson or W hotels. You want to spend time in these hotels, this one you do not. The overall standard just simply isn't there from the dark tired lobby to the understaffed and poorly trained front desk. This general feeling seemed to exist with other guests, in the elevator we had two unsolicited conversations calling the hotel &quot;a dump&quot; and &quot;seedy&quot; which is maybe a bit harsh. On the positive side the bed is comfortable, shower good, and the Chopra spa which is separate from the hotel has unique and great treatments. The location is convenient but you are not going to feel too special walking through that poky lobby and squeaky front door each morning. There are better alternatives in the same neighbourhood.	
Nov 26 2008	Fantastic Weekend Base in NYC	I stayed at the Dream Hotel with my boyfriend for a weekend back in February.We spent ages trying to find an affordable, stylish hotel and eventually found a great deal at the Dream hotel on ebookers. Even without this deal, I would highly recommend the hotel. The staff are incredibly helpful and friendly. It was raining one day and reception lent me an umbrella. We wanted a quick burger on our last day before we went to the airport and the girl behind the reception desk recommended an amazing place just around the corner from the hotel.The reception area is really beautiful with big gold thrones, fish tanks and statues - its OTT but cool and stylish. Our room was a standard room and pretty compact but more than big enough for our needs. Amazingly comfy bed, big flat screen TV with a variety of channels, cool radio, fluffy bathrobes and plenty of storage space. I love the way the beds are lit from underneath, very cool!The location was fantastic, we could wander to central park in about 5 minutes and there's a jazz club not far away in the Lincoln Center which everyone should go to - Dizzy's Coca Cola Club. Its so easy to get a taxi outside and then just a short hop to anywhere you'd want to go.All in all a really fantastic base for an amazing weekend in NYC!	
Nov 2 2008 	Dream a big dream at Dream	Stayed at Dream for a weekend. Loved the service, eye for detail and location. Staff was extremely helpful. Lunch at Serafina, facial at spa, drinks at Ava lounge. Stellar weekend. Room was comfy, clean and the bed was a cloud. Highly recommend staying there and will go back.	
Nov 2 2008 	Great Hotel	Just returned from a 4 night stay in the Dream Hotel, NYC. Couldn't fault anything. Stayed in a large room with 2 double beds. Room was big and airy. Location of hotel is excellent. First time to NYC and wouldn't hesitate returning and staying in this hotel. Unfortunatelly terrace bar was shut, but enjoyed the views of the city from the Penthhouse bar. Staff were friendly and helpful.	
Oct 29 2008	Good Location	Great location and cool hotel. I found the staff to be nice at the desk and I liked the apples at turndown. The rooms are very small, even for New York, however I wasn't in it for very long so, didn't really make a difference to me. I would stay here again.	
Oct 16 2008 	Great location and Clean	This hotel was so close to everything, and if it wasn't, the subway was about 5 blocks away. Time Square is right there. To walk out of the hotel (and to the corner) and see it, is amazing!! The room we stayed in was very big. It was so quiet and so clean!! The bed was great! The bathroom was big. We only had a shower, which was fine for us. There is a nightclub on the top level, but we stayed on the 3rd floor and heard nothing. Some reviews mentioned the elevator wait-we took the stairs. There is another place to have drinks off the main lobby. They do not offer a cont. breakfast, but across the street is a diner. Went there every morning. I don't have one bad thing to say about our experience at this hotel. I would stay again, and again...The aquarium in the lobby is soo cool!	
Oct 12 2008 	Great location	Great location, walk to lots of attractions. Service pretty good, rooms small but comfortable. Good restaurant.	
Oct 9 2008	sweet dreams	The only bad think about this hotel are the rooms on the first floor (the noise polloution was horrendous from our first room) they changed our room as soon as we asked and the rest of our stay was spot on! The beds are so comfortable and we only stayed in a basic double bed. The location is the best..5 min walk toTimes Square and Broadway which is a good idea to be just out side so you can escape the hustle and bustle. The rooms are small, but they have everything you need, they are clean and modern. Girls be warned (GHD Straighteners don't work in the states) But the very best think about this hotel is the rooftop bar. The cocktails don't come cheap, i suppose you're paying for the fantstic view. I would deffinetly recomed this hotel, for couples, friends etc, probably not for families.	
Sep 25 2008 	dream hotel - not quite a dream	So let me start with the pros of the dream hotel....overall I would call this a 3.5 star hotel for NYC.- Really nice, large flat panel TVs in the rooms. Great to watch and a good space saver since the rooms are tiny- Very clean, especially rhe bathrooms- Excellent location at 55th and Broadway - so a great jumping off spot for both central park and times square- Fun and hip feel on the inside- Apples on the pillows - nice!- Great toiletries - soaps, etc all great qualityCons- Slightly snotty staff- The tiniest room you can image - even small for NYC. Even the elevator is so small my luggage could barely fit in the door.- Is built around a huge air duct, which is running all the time and is noisy. I got a room on the second floor and it was unbearable. I didn't sleep a wink. I had to change rooms. Most hotels would be apologetic. They acted like they were doing me a favor. Moved to the 9th floor, and was still slightly noisy.- Uncomfortable beds - and smaller than a normal queen for sure. I am 5'11&quot; and I was hitting the end. Just hard beds.- Way overpriced hotel, hotel bar, and spa - even for NYC.- Housekeeping knocked on my door all the time for no reason. - Weird NYC crowd at the roof bar.Overall - it was too small, too snotty, and not that nice for how much I paid. There are SO many hotels in new york - pick another one like the westin times square, the W, etc.	
Sep 22 2008 	Good location average room price	This hotel is close to Central Park, Rockefeller Center and the exclusive designer stores. The hotel has an attempt to be a luxury hotel with reasonable prices. They have a spa, gym and restaurant. Our room was comfortable and clean. Yes, there is a blue neon light under the glass desk and under the bed edge. I guess that's their chic touch, personally I didn't like it much. Our room had a 36&quot; LCD TV hanged on the wall and a Bose radio. The bathroom was clean but to compliment hotel image they should replace the shower tiles and accessories as they were rusted. They also offered bathrobes, turned over your bed and instead of chocolates, a sweet healthy delicious red apple.We stayed on room 116 right above Serafina Restaurant on Broadway. It was a little noisy due to the traffic and restaurant, but we were so tired that we slept thru the night. Staff is very helpful and nice: Front desk, concierge, bellboy, housekeeper, everyone.The restaurant is expensive though. For 2 ravioli dishes, 2 glasses of sangria and complimentary focaccia bread we paid $65. The next morning we had breakfast at Apple Jack's across the street on Broadway, like a Denny's restaurant. Hearty cheaper breakfast.I loved their soap and shower gel from L'Occitane.Overall, the service was good, and considering other hotel prices in midtown Manhattan, I would stay here again but I would ask for a room above the 6th floor.	
Sep 6 2008 	Very hip	I've been to New York a couple of times and most of the hotels were very expensive and of very poor quality. This one was a pleasant surprise - the rooms were well made with nice lighting, wonderful bed and great shower, the location is right next to central park and metro station. They even give you apples every evening :) On the downside it is quite expensive and room service has a thing for waking you up at 8 - 9am. I tried to find a Don't disturb sign somewhere but without much luck.Overall this is a great hotel especially for business stay as it has high speed internet in the room for free.	
Sep 5 2008 	Dream? More like a Nightmare	Do NOT stay at the Dream.Booked a room on Quickbook for $351.Pros: On checking in, front desk staff was very nice. Same on checking out. Bed was very comfortable.Cons: NOISE. I stayed on the 55th Street side of the hotel. All night long there was a huge amount of construction, garbage collection, and road noise. Right outside the hotel there is a sewer cover on the road that doesnt fit right, so it makes a loud noise every time a car goes over it, which in NYC is about ever two seconds. Also lots of noise in the hall - doors slamming, maids talking and wandering, every little thing can be heard through the thin doors. And every half hour or so the air conditioning made a really loud noise for no apparent reason since it didnt really cool the room for the first 8 hours.SIZE: The room was tiny, barely bigger than the bed. Seriously. Like a bed surrounded by a one foot moat of old dirty carpet.QUALITY: Form the elevators ot the bathroom to the desk to the closet, this is clearly a really old hotel that has been superficially spruced up to look cool at first glance. Unlike the W chain and other boutiques, this is more like a coat of paint and some neon lights than it is a true quality upgrade.SERVICE: Other than checking in and out, front desk staff was unresponsive, unknowledgeable and generally unhelpful. When I asked to change rooms, I was denied. When I asked to leave after two hours of no sleep, I was told the noise would go away (it did not, in fact it got worse around 2-4am) and that I would be charged if I left. I almost left anyway, btu fell for the promise of more quiet which didnt come through.PARKING: We gave the hotel the key to our car to valet (which costs $45 by the way) and the car stayed on the street half double parked for more than 90 minutes. Each time we asked why, we were told it would be parked safely within minutes.FINAL DETAILS: The htoel is right near a couple of clubs, so the street can be loud and busy, but at least goof people watching,Ive stayed in maybe 30 NY hotels, other than a Best Western when i was in college that doesnt even exist anymore, this was my least favorite by a mile.	
Sep 2 2008 	Dream...more like a nightmare	Good Stuff :-Location - very near Central park great for early morning jogsRooms - ok size (for NY)Bad stuff :-No limo picked us up at airport as request (promised free limo on way back)Only 2 rooms available out of the three booked (and with booking reference numbers) eventually sorted another one out.Blue light in room couldn't be switched off, so couldn't sleep properlyAir con constantly blowing out cold air, again couldn;t switch offEventually with all the hassle and complaint we got upgraded to suite for the last couple of nights which was nice.Rooftop bar - friday / saturday nights, so busy it was a hassle getting an elevator.. attitude from staff... so busy it wasn't worth staying for.Everyone in the concierge seems to be called Sean, so whenever something went wrong it was always another Sean &quot;that we must have spoken to..&quot;Building work on building across the road, all night long (apparently allowed in NY because of traffic issues)1 Limo arrived to take us back to airport for 6 people and 12 big suitcases (which we had repeatedly told them about, but still needed 2 cars. Argued with them for 1 hour until eventually they agreed to pay for two cars) Various other issues and problems and attitude from staff but qutie a while ago so memory not great..All in all a dreadful experience. AVOID at all costs.	
Aug 27 2008 	Rooms like a nightclub.	Got your collar popped?The Dream is in a good location but it seems overpriced for what it is. The Good: Highly stylizedThe Bad: Local well-to-do kids taking over the rooftop bar and sneaking in the under aged ones with them.Money speaks here. If you are a guest you do not get a seat on the roof if a local with a new haircut arrives with cash.I was blinded by the fact that the Chopra Spa was here. Thinking if a center for meditation is here it should be a bit spa -like but, it is not.It is like an overpriced nightclub that you can sleep in. Interesting experience though.	
Aug 21 2008 	Great Experience	It’s safe to say that we no bad experiences during a recent 3-night stay at Dream over the July 4th holiday (2008). The reservation process was easy and friendly. The operator was full suggestions, but obviously this function is outsourced so the operator knew little of the small details about the hotel or the room. But he was very friendly and helpful overall. We booked an extra-extra large suite and the reservation was ready and accurate when we arrived around 2:00pm. I mentioned our anniversary when making the reservation and they noted that during check-in (no champagne or flowers though…LOL). We also asked for a suite away from the top floors (because of the rooftop bar) and they complied.TIP: You can pull up right in front of the hotel. Someone will assist with bags and then deliver your car to a parking garage on Fifth Avenue (or so they said). Parking fee is added right to the bill ($35-$40).You can’t get the car out without paying but why would you want to? Public transportation is abundant and convenient.The location of the hotel is perfect…3 blocks north to Columbus Circle and Central Park, four blocks south to Times Square and lots of stuff to the west and east. The subway is confusing but the grid pattern of the city is easy to get used to. Prepare to walk a lot. Right down the street (Broadway) is an excellent little café – Europa. Good for morning tea and lunch nibbles. There’s also a Starbucks two doors down. At no time did we feel unsafe in NYC no matter where we ventured within Manhattan. I’m sure there are places you shouldn’t go, but we stayed to the busy populated areas.The room was exactly as described (7th floor). Immaculate clean, nice soft robes, separate bathrooms, excellent shampoo and soaps…The blue neon lights really make the room a different experience. And what they say about the bed is true – it’s SUPER comfortable. Outside noise imposed on us just one night but the next nights were relatively quiet. There’s no bleed over from room to room (as far as we could tell).TIP: Careful with the mini bar. If so much as remove a bottle or snack to look at it, the bar code automatically charges the item to your room. A slight complaint – no fridge room for water and there’s no ice or vending machines in the hotel – you need to call room service – which means at least a tip.Each room has two flat screen TVs and two Bose radios. The water pressure in the shower was excellent and there was never a shortage of hot water. Air conditioning worked fine and was quiet for the most part.The concierge was always helpful and had maps and recommendations. The staff was friendly and unobtrusive. The housekeepers were pretty much invisible and did a good job. Checkout went smoothly and we called about 20 minutes in advance to have the car delivered to the front door.The hotel was generally clean and well-kept and we didn’t notice any of the marks and dirt that other reviewers have noted. Perhaps it depends on the room you get? It sounds like the smaller rooms on the lower floors need some attention but I can’t verify or comment.The elevators are not as slow as others have noted but they are a bit busier at night. The rooftop bar is a great experience. The first floor bar is very trendy and seems to turn into a dance club later in the evening. We only had breakfast from the restaurant (outside) and it was good but slightly cold because of the outdoors – a small trade off for the view.TIP: Drinks are expensive. We were paying $7 for a bottle of beer and $10-12 for an Absolut and cranberry. This may be normal depending on where you came from, but for us it was expensive. The drinks are ample and well made but compared to home, they were expensive. (Didn’t stop us though…)Although it may be expensive to stay at Dream, (rounds out to about $600 per night for the ex ex large suite + parking), it was worth every cent.	
Aug 16 2008 	To hip or not to hip	We have just returned from a week at the Dream Hotel. The hotel is in the list of the hip hotels of New York however it is definitely not that hip. In fact, the only hip thing about it is the location, it has a metro station just a few steps from the hotel door!We stayed on the first level so we were lucky that we could use the stairs to go to our room. The bar at the roof toop seems to be busy specially at weekends with all kind of &quot;want to be hip&quot; people with totally exagerated outfit. This means taking one of the two extremely slow elevators can take up some time.The hotel temperature is 65 F, that is about 18 C, which is absurd when you are wearing summer clothes. The housekeeping sets the temperature every day at 65 F in the rooms. If you want to set up the temperature higher, the air conditioning does not cool and therefore the room temperature goes up. We asked to get it fixed but this was not done. Perhaps they know this is just so and this is why rooms have winter bed clothing in plain summertime?The bar at the top is ok, however the staff are rude and not helpful or kind as you would expect in such hotel. When asking for the way back to the stairs to go down to my room I got a very rude answer: &quot;take the same way you got to get in&quot;. Unbelievable.The concierges were kind but not specially helpful. We were shocked to hear that for 200 $ each they could sell seats for us a Broadway musical, of course with average prices 75-120 $ per seat at the theater itself we did not take such offer. Another funny one was that one of them did not know about an internet café near the hotel - I recommend you to go to the Apple store to get access if you do not have a laptop with you. There are almost no internet cafés in NY.The Serafina restaurant looked ok, but we did not have lunch there in the end. We asked for a table and they offered us to share one with other guests even if there was a table free (with 4 places). We do think it is unacceptable to ask us to share if there is a table free. In the inside of course and once again temperature was about 65 F.Overall I would say this is an average hotel that needs to improve service levels as well as renovate furniture, painting walls and changing basic installations. Not worth the money, if you can, stay somewhere else.	
Jul 24 2008 	Just Ok	My husband and I were looking to stay in NY after a business function of his. We wanted a room less than $400. Lobby is great, looks relatively swanky like many other boutique hotels. As soon as i got into the elevator I could tell the upkeep on the rest of the hotel wouldn't be so nice. Our room on the 1st floor looked ok upon opening the door but once the light was on i could see the dingy carpeting, extremely nicked up walls and floorboards, and kinda skeevy bathroom. the bed was nice and the rest of the furniture ok- with the exception of the pleather chair with green pen marks all over it. Staff was nice, didn't check out the bars but it wasn't too noisy so we slept fine. I wouldn't stay here to have a lavish upscale hotel experience but it was fine for our 1 night stay. NYC hotels are overpriced but for $359 this one was just ok.	
Jul 13 2008 	Not very impressed	i was not very impressed with the dream hotel, especially in light of its hefty price tag. I was treated very poorly by the desk check in with multiple problems arising from my booking through hotels.com. Although my payment went through and credit card was charged, the Dream hotel claimed that my receipt served to only reserve the room (entirely ludicrous). After over an hour with the manager i was finally able to stay. The hotel has a modern look, however the decoration is entirely limited to the lobby area and a well placed saltwater aquarium. The rest of the hotel (floor to floor) has a very cheap modern theme that disappoints. The rooms are very small, as expected in new york, but are additionally very old which becomes very apparent in the bathroom. The room itself is relatively ok with an LCD TV and a comfortable bed however the neon lighting under the bed and desk simply destroys the atmosphere, i usually am not one to write reviews but i was particularly disappointed with this facility especially given their higher price tag. They essentially have oversold a product, albeit very efficiently, through their well-designed website and extensive lobby. A marriot would be a cheaper and frankly more satisfying choice.	
Jul 4 2008 	Mod Chic and a Bit Tiny	If you would like to stay mid-town near the theatre district and you like mod, trendy little hotels this might be all right for you. The rooms are tiny but modly appointed. Everything is dimly lit and sleek looking. I would not recommend this for business travellers necessarily or for families at all but this could be good for someone just looking for a hip little place to stay. The bed was comfortable and there was just one huuuge picture on the wall but everything was definitely tidy and white. Expensive but then so are most places mid-town. Also - not exactly a quiet area but that's mid-town!	
Jun 30 2008 	Great rooftop bar	Great big statue of Buddha in the lobby and an ayuvedic spa in the basement, this is a hotel with added extras. The rooms have been renovated, but to be honest some of the finishing is a bit lacking. The lifts were constantly going on the blink!But the rooftop bar is very cool with a great view down Broadway and as a resident, they gave us a table immediately despite all the Friday evening crowd.	
Jun 30 2008 	comme ci comme ça	Here is what I liked: easy check-in, check-out; valet parking; first impressions; comfortable bed; and good showers.Here is what I did not like: we had a corner room on the 13th floor. The staff failed to mention that the bar is above that room. Let's face it, loud thumping music is not conducive to sleeping. I had enough of that in college. To the hotel's credit, when my wife called the front desk they immediately moved us to a room on a lower level. The hassle, however, was annoying. If you are in the party mode then it is a good place to stay. However, with so many other good hotels in NYC, it simply was not worth the money.	
Jun 22 2008 	Never again !!!	Arrived in NY late and found Dream with no problem. Couldnt pull up to the door for Valet so we parked down the strret and my husband went to find the valet, who said just leave it there and he will get it.. Lugged our luggage to the desk and checked in, that went pretty smoothly, got to our room on the 12th floor (right by the elevator which I asked not to be by) and the room was the size of a postage stamp with no window. Called the desk and they said sorry nothing until Friday (3 days away). Went to bed since it was late and the next morning talked with a manager who said she could move us to a room with a window, 11th floor by the elevator. Came back after broadway show and because of the bar on the 14th floor could not get in any of the three elevators due the crowd waiting to go up. My husband and I climbed 11 floors of stairs to get to our room around 11:30 pm. All night long you could hear people stuck in the elevators ringing the bell. The elevators broke down through out our trip( 1 med. elevator and two small ones). At 5:00 am that same night a bell man knocked on our door and said he had our ash trays, I explained I didnt call for ash trays and this was a non smoking hotel, (manager claims hotel just turned non smoking and he must of been confused) that same morning at 8:30 am the cleaning lady didnt even knock and barged in. Bathroom was dirty - mold in grout. I couldnt wait to get home so I could rest... Great location but for a preferred hotel it needs a lot of help....sorry hotel dream..	
Jun 17 2008 	Great stay	My girlfirend and I stayed in the Dream for 4 nights running from Thursday until Monday and had a fabulous time. Upon arrival we were greeted by the door men and ushered through to reception where check in was quick and painless. We found our Queen size room on the 4th floor to be a good size, clean, well laid out and quiet.Throughout our stay we were shown nothing but good manners by all the staff who were helpful, attentive and happy to help with any queries. The hotel all around was very clean with a modern, chic feel; ranging from the polished marble floor with giant fish tank and the lovely looking spa downstairs to the blue strip lighting in the rooms and 2 good bars.The hotel was perfectly situated for everything that we wished to do, just a 5 minute walk to Times Square and the same to Central Park and 5th Avenue shops. I have read many reviews moaning about lack of service and small rooms but in reality how many people come to New York to sit in their rooms! We found we had more than enough space for our needs and can have nothing but praise for the staff suring our stay.It is true that food and drinks in the hotel aren't cheap but I think the same can be said for almost every hotel in New York. If I had one complaint it would be that on the days we visited it was almost impossible to get anywhere to sit in the rooftop Ava loungue. It was a very nice venue but we found it full of office workers with 'reserved' tables everwhere - perhaps a consideration to those who are staying there would be good. On Friday and Saturday night this turns into a very busy nightlife hotspot with queues outside and doormen checking entry. The bar downstairs however was very nice and not too full everytime we visited it.Our stay in New York was fantastic - the weather was great, we saw all the sights, did lots of shopping and had a brilliant time both during the day and at night. Although all of these things were not as a result of staying at the Dream, it definitely contributed to us having a great trip to New York. I woud have no resevations about recomending this hotel to anyone	
May 26 2008 	bad service	I stayed 3 nights in Dream hotel, from friday to monday. People at The reception desk was overbusy, no nice wecome for me. Bagage man was more aware of joking with his colleagues than taking my luggage up. When I asked him to put my suitcase on the trail, he raised his eyes up.The furniture in the room are a bit old. Renovation should be done.I had a message from the staff. When I called back, the housekeeping answered in a very angry way.But most of all, the last day, I consulted the internet site and I realized there was a lounge and a fitness club. No one or no information in the room to inform. Everyday, I went to the spa center near which was annexed. No one told me there is a direct access to the spa.Hopefully for the hotel, localisation is exceptional. But I won't stay there next time. I prefer stay in Night hotel which was much more terrific.	
May 21 2008 	No CHANCE of dreaming over all the noise	I have got a little good, and a lot of bad... Stayed in a small room for one night. The room and bathroom were incredibly tiny, even by new york standards, at the price point it was at (about $400). This aside, the location is great, the pizza from room service was yummy, the bed was super comfy, the blue light thing was mildly amusing, and the tv and bose sound system was great. Unfortunately this is all the positives I have to say about the hotel. I was placed on the 13th floor (heard on here from other reviewers about similar experiences) and was told the lounge is upstairs and there might be some slight noise. This was the BIGGEST under statement I have ever heard. Not only was the music blaring to the point where you could make out the words clearly, the picture on the wall was shaking (i kid you not), and the sound of footsteps on the upstairs deck was booming. Look, I'm in my twenties, go to bed pretty late, and noise generally does not bother me, but this was ridiculous. It was impossible to sleep until around 4 AM when the noise stopped. There obviously is a soundproofing issue and I just am baffled how they have rooms on this level. Staff was ok... upon my arrival the doorman (who's job was presumably to open the door) was standing there chatting with another staff member and made no attempt to open the door, even as I arrived with my bags (this happened each time I entered the hotel) and while I am more than capable of entering a building on my own, this left a pretty bad first impression. As I went up to my room, the tiny tiny hallway was blocked by the housekeeping cart as two of the housekeeping staff chatted in the open door to the room next to mine (cleaning nothing) and made no attempt to move the cart as I barely squeezed by into my room. Just was not what I would expect from the type of hotel Dream says itself to be. Parts of the room were worn down and needed revamping (ex the side tables had large chips of veneer missing and the window shades were stained.. yucky) The hallways and elevators were in similar states and certainly need revamping. Another slightly irritating thing is I checked on dream's hotel site through reservations and saw that there were small and medium rooms available ($400- 429 ish). I generally like to call and talk to an agent directly so I called reservations to reserve one of those types of rooms. Upon calling, the reservation agent insisted that the only room they had available was a suite at around $600. I hung up, thinking wow those rooms go fast, and for some reason checked on the website again immediately after getting off the phone and found the small and med rooms still available, booked this online... and what do you know, the room was there for me and available when I arrived. Just an odd thing that should have warned me before I even got there. While not terrible, I put this experience just slightly above terrible, and will not return to this hotel again.	
May 19 2008 	Dream-ing I stayed elsewhere	Dream is beautifully outfitted and everytime the elevator opens you get treated to some artful nude photography. I had a suite consisting of living room, br, and 2 full baths. Turn lights out for blue neon illumination and it looks pretty, but to be honest the staff NEVER smiled and looked like they were just irritated 24/7; the concierge had limited/unoriginal restaurant suggestions; despite this the rooftop terrace bar was very nice and dj was playing good music; the bed/bathrobes were also very nice. Didn't really care for the horrible deepak chopra toiletries. average- stay at the chambers or gansevoort next time for a more artful/better service experience.	
May 10 2008 	Wake Up! This hotel is NO Dream	This is a classic run down hotel that gives itself a face lift in the lobby area, adds neon blue lighting everywhere and gets to call itself a &quot;boutique&quot; hotel.Here is what i got for $450 a night (Room 1003)-Great location close to Broadway and Central Park-Very small enterance/lobby area. A hip guy wearing a 'Simbad the Sailor&quot; outfit checks you in. Nice aquarium set up in the lobby with neon blue lighting everywhere, and a large Buddah type statue dominating.-Elevators are tiny, suffed up and dented everywhere.-Hallways: very narrow and very scuffed up with chipped walls and scuffed marks all over-Room: Tiny, with queen size bed, one flat screen TV on wall, more blue neon lighting, one cheap looking but wanting to be hip frame poster on the wall-Bathroom: Tiny, no place to put shaver (plug is away from the mirror), or toilletry bag except on the toilet itself. Rust in many corners; bath fixtures coming apart from the wall; some mildew residue on the blue bath tiles.Bed: Small, but comfortable pillow top pad has been added to the bed making it very comfortabel.View: Non existent, other than the side of other run down buildings.Noise level: load vent noises coming from the rooftops of the other lower building next to this hoel.Overall: Something must be working for this hotel becasue they are able to charge similar prices to other much better NY hotels, and yet have no interest in fixing details such as scuff marks and rust everywhere.I hope this review helps in your search for a hotel in NY, Personally I would look elsewhere.	
Apr 30 2008 	Very nice boutique hotel	I stayed at Dream 4 nights, from 24 to 29 April (we were two). I had spent quite some time looking for accommodation prior to going, and I had read a huge amount of reviews of this and other hotels. To put it short I really liked the hotel. If what you look for is something really luxurious, overly romantic or otherwise, it may not be your first choice. But for a general stay, where you spend your day around in the city and the night (plus a few hours during the day) at the hotel, it is a very pleasant accommodation alternative. It has kept some of that old style, charm and feeling. The staff were very friendly and forthcoming, be it carry luggage, borrow quick internet connection, order air-shuttle to airport or general inquiries. The entrance houses a huge aquarium in a cylinder-like shape. It is very beautiful to watch. If you are killing time waiting for someone, you don´t have to stare at the walls, at least. the room on 9th floor (I dont think all floors are real floors, so maybe it would be more right to call it 4th or 5th) was not very big, but sufficient for regular travelers. The bed was wonderful and the room and bathroom were clean. There was hot water in the shower and not luke warm. There was not much noise from traffic on 7th ave. The air condition worked well. When I arrived, and every day after cleaning, there was an apple on each pillow on the bed. Big juicy red apple. There was an iron and ironing board in the cupboard. There was a big flat screen on the wall with loads of channels, and there was a bosé radio on the table with good sound, not the regular squeaky hotel-radio sound. The hotel is ideally placed. It was only two/three blocks from Central Park, and from the hotel entrance it was a mere 50 meters to the metro line that takes you straight down to Greenwich Village and around. There were breakfast/diners on every corner of the hotel. David Letterman´s show is also just around the corner, down on Broadway. By the way, there is a French restaurant down at 51st, somewhat to the west, called Tout Va Bien, it was incredibly charming in its French and messy style. Well worth a visit. I would definitely stay there again.	
Apr 21 2008	OMIGOD i LOVED this hotel!!!!!!!	This was a wicked sick hotel!!! i came with my friend, her mom ,and ,my mom we had a blast. the hotel was sleek and hip! i would totally recommend it and you can listen to me because i may be young but i no some pretty good things about hotels. what can i say I LOVED IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Also this is just a little NYC Broadway show tip, go see Legally Blonde it is amazing!!	
Apr 21 2008 	Very chic but small!	My friend and I stayed in the Dream and booked one of the 'smaller' rooms because of our budget! Whilst I appreciate square footage in NY is at a premium, I wasn't quite prepared for how small it was. Pictures just don't show exactly how small something is. When you've got 4 suitcases between you (we had just been to Vegas and wanted to do lots of shopping in NY!) and barely enough room to swing a cat, then you're in trouble.Having said that the staff at reception were very polite and we checked in no problem, the room was very clean and tidy but we had to do some serious space planning to fit what we needed where, i.e. putting suitcases in a very small cupboard, on the desk, chair etc. Bed was very comfortable but again small to fit both of us on (probably best for couples and not friends sharing), had great plasma telly and nice toiletries. A nice touch was the maids delivering fruit in the afternoon free of charge, very nice!One serious negative about the bathroom we had is that the shower curtain simply did not keep the water in so each time we had a shower the bathroom floor flooded, the step into the shower was simply too low to keep the water from not escaping so I ended up having to turn the shower against the wall to try and keep the water in one direction, not great for washing hair! Bathroom tiles could also have done with a scrub too, quite a bit of mould!Overall though the Dream was lovely, definitely try the Ava Lounge bar upstairs, take the lift to the top and there is a bar with roof terrace although we didn't get a chance to sample the terrace as it was busy when we went. Great location, not far to walk to Times Square or Columbus Circle.Do make sure that you collect your luggage early from the valet, I'm not sure if he was having an off day but he took a good 20-30mins to find our suitcases and we were in a serious rush to get to the airport, make sure you don't make the same mistake as us and leave in rush hour!! One of my more stressful journeys to an aiport it has to be said.I would definitely recommend staying here but if you can, try and upgrade to one of the larger rooms as you'll appreciate the extra space!!!	
Apr 2 2008 	Okay - good location but small bathroom	Of the hotels we looked into, Dream seemed to be the best one in terms of price, location and interior for us. We ended up staying 5 nights. The room was clean, but I agree with the other reviewers - lighting is poor, and sometimes it's too dark to see during the day! The bathroom is very small, but okay. Our room was supposed to be a Queen - I doubt it! The bed felt smaller than a double! My partner and I had poor sleep due to that. Also, when we checked in, they gave us wrong pricings each night to what we originally had booked for, which they corrected on their end, thankfully! Overall, the hotel is OKAY. Not so good for people who like bed space, bathroom space or people who are sensitive to noise at night (if so, do not book higher level apartments, as there is a penthouse bar).	
Mar 31 2008 	"Style" over Substance...	Myself and a friend stayed at the Dream for four nights recently. The location was very close to Times Square (5 minute walk). The hotel was modern and clean. The room had nice fixtures and fittings and an amazingly comfortable bed but it was TINY. I have stayed in many other hotels in NYC and this was by far the smallest. I realize that rooms here are small but this one was beyond a joke. The bed took up most of the room with only a small patch of carpet to walk on. Also, this was the medium sized room we have booked - I would hate to see the smaller option!! I phoned down to reception to ask if a bigger room was available and the guy on the other end had a really bad attitude - at the end of the day I was a paying guest and I was not happy with the room I was given for the price I had paid.Another point would be the elevators - as another person pointed out, they are SO SLOW. Because the hotel has a popular penthouse bar, this made the wait even longer as members of the public and staff members also used the same elevators. I always believed that when you are staying in a hotel, you should be treated in a courteous and respectful manner by the staff - after all, you are keeping the hotel in business. This attitude seems to be lacking somewhat at the Dream, and the feeling seems to be that because the hotel is somewhat &quot;trendy&quot; that guests should feel privileged to be staying there and just &quot;put up&quot; with any complaints... in my opinion the hotel is actually not that &quot;trendy&quot;, more pretentious. Overall, my stay at the hotel was just OK. I would be more inclined to stay there again if the rooms were bigger, staff friendlier and elevators quicker.	
Mar 28 2008 	As dreamy as expected	I originally found this hotel because someone had recommended the Ava lounge -on the rooftop of the hotel- to me (which, incidentally is very nice). This hotel was pretty much as I thought it would be after seeing their website. I thought the pictures on the site might have been exaggerated, or that maybe they only photographed the best rooms, like many hotels do. However, my little room was all &quot;dreamed out&quot; just like I'd hoped. I booked the cheapest room they had and, as you'd expect, it was a tiny shoebox. Despite this, it was comfy and clean and didn't feel cramped. Somehow, because of all the white decor and linens and the ethereal blue light I suspect, it actually felt airy. Everything was modern (very nice to have a fat screen TV hung out-of-the-way on the wall) and in fine working order. The quality of everything from the robes to the comforter to the bathroom fixtures was superb. The hotel staff was courteous and helpful. After ordering a DVD player for my room (which was hooked up promptly by the very nice maintenance man) I inadvertently left my movie in the player when I left. I called them and they tracked it down and mailed it to me with no problems at all.The price was reasonable for NYC.If I had to make one complaint it would be that the view from my room was hideous (a grungy alleyway).	
Mar 28 2008 	Very Odd and Construction noise	First off, construction. Across the way from our room. Renovating a building---NYC all hours permit to do construction. Which meant all night dumpster noises-HORRIBLE. Strange blue lights beneath bed and on the desk. CREEPY picture of a little girl on the wall. The room is on the small side as well. Beds were really comfy and clean. Other than that ok. Good location for shows and times square. restaurant to eat at but we didnt outside the hotel.	
Mar 28 2008 	Dream a Little More	Dream Hotel has a great mid-town location, which is why we chose it - close to a couple of subway stops, Columbus Circle, Central Park, Theatre District. Serafina Restaurant onsite and not bad. The Good News. Rooms are small but well appointed, Staff was helpful. Fitness room was so-so, but you can get a comp. pass to Gold's Gym (just one street over). We booked on Quikbook.com and got a $247.00 per room rate.The Bad News. No coffee maker in the room (really, the Hampton Inn has a coffee maker - can't an upscale hotel like Dream do the same?). VERY slow elevators. We were on lower levels and there was some noise coming from the bar below. I used earplugs - a travel staple for me, esp. in NYC. But ask for an upper floor.	
Feb 28 2008 	Ok if you are a smoker	This hotel is funky and cool. I also got it for a reasonable NYC rate. The room was small but comfortable. These are the good parts. The bad part is that my non-smoking room might as well have been a bowling alley. The smell was passable when I checked in due to the bathroom window being cracked. When I closed this and came back after dinner the smoke smell was awful. When I complained the front desk repeatedly insisted that it was a non-smoking room and finally offered to have housekeeping bring me a filter fan to help with the smell. They never showed up. I know I was not the only person because earlier in the night a housekeeping staffer had mistakingly stopped by because a fellow guest had the same complaint. Additionally, the clean linens in my room smelled very strongly of smoke. That was the first night of a 3 night business trip and all my clothes have absorbed that awful smell. With Marriott and Sheraton now completely smoke-free I had forgotten that some hotels are still in the dark ages.	
Feb 25 2008 	A Night Out	I took my girlfriend out on a date night, and surprised her with getting a room at the Dream Hotel. Justin at the front desk was very helpful figuring out a great room, which ended up being the junior suite on the 13th floor. The rate was reasonable and the room was wonderful. Room 1318 is listed at 380 Sq Feet, and has a private balcony that looks right down onto Times Square. If you're a newbie to the city, it's a perfect view. I've lived here now for 8 years, and I still somehow get excited looking down onto the city. The blue lighting and decor inside the room was fun, and the bed is amazing. They even leave you fresh fruit on your pillows. The catch however, the room is right below the Ava Lounge (their hotel bar). WARNING for room 1318: If you're a heavy sleeper, or plan on being up late – then no big deal. But if you're looking to find your dream state earlier in the night – the bar doesn't stop until 4am. And it's a more than a soft hum, you can sometimes make out the words if you know the song. Since we're on the topic of the bar, it's located on the 14th floor (PH) and is stocked with a good variety of liquor and fancy drinks. Of course, you're looking at spending $16 a cocktail. A Woodford was $17 – eesh. But the view is great, both outside and inside. They also have an upstairs tent-like extension incase you don't want to be near the bar. Overall, the stay was fun and my lady was very happy. I could have done with less bass coming from upstairs around 3am, but we were up anyhow. Oh, and if you sign up with, www.iprefer.com (free) – you can request a late checkout at 1pm, rather than the typical 11am – which I highly suggest.	
Feb 5 2008 	Great hotel excellent location.	My boyfriend took me to the Dream for my 21st birthday and i loved it. The room was a good size and very clean, the bed was huge and so comfortable. I loved the blue lights, it gave the room a really modern and trendy feel. The staff were extremely helpful and poilte although when we got there we had to secure the room with a credit card and neither me or my partner hadone with us and they wouldn't except debit card so my partners dad had to fax over a photocopy of his credit card and passport which was a pain.The hotel was in an excellent location, turn left and walk a few minutes and we were at Times Square and turn right and walk for a few minutes and we were on 5th ave.We had breakfast at the Serafina resturant, for $18 you get scrambled eggs, croissant, toast, a corn muffin which was so nice, potatoes, jam and tea or coffee. I wasn't sure on the scrambled egg as it was more like an omlett but everything else was great. Across the street for the hotel is a place called Applejacks which also does great breakfasts. The view from the roof bar was amazing but the only night we went up there, there was a private party so most of it was shut off so we went to the bar on the ground floor which was just as nice, the cocktails were delicious and the bar staff were very friendly.I loved that every morning we had a copy of the New york times delivered to our rooms, also the toiletries were stocked up daily. The bathroom was exceptionaly clean and it had a great shower.I loved everything about this hotel, it was modern, clean and i would definatly stay here again, also i would recomend a trip to the stardust diner on Broadway, the food is great and the staff all sing, we wanted to see a Broadway show but alot of them were cancled due to the writers strike.	
Jan 5 2008 	Amazing hotel gem in NYC	We had a really wonderful stay at this gemstone of a hotel in NYC. We had never heard of Dream before until it was recommended by a friend. The location is excellent - just two blocks from Timesquare and 5th Avenue.Expecting the usual small NYC rooms, we were very pleasantly surprised about the big corner suite on the 13th floor, which had its own large walk-in closet and multiple windows throughout the room. The bed was heavenly with multiple pillows and full duvet in front of a large plasma TV. The double blinds on the windows worked very well to keep the room bright without risking peaks from inhabitants in surrounding buidings (and yes there was a view and we did see the sky).The fluorescent blue light that fills the room when you enter gives it a somewhat futuristic and cool affect, but at night it is indeed very calming if you choose to keep it on.We also loved the chic Ava Lounge on top of the hotel, which is a great place to end an eventful NYC evening with a good cocktail.The beautiful D'Or restaurant and bar was closed at the time of our visit, but we were allowed to walk through and we'll be sure to dine and wine there during our next visit in NYC.	
Jan 2 2008 	All right but not special	We booked this hotel as a flight/hotel package through Expedia. It was recommended by friends of ours. We spend 5 nights there from 12/21 to 12/26. It is an interesting hotel, but not as special as we expected afer looking at their website. Our room was tiny but we know this to be normal for NYC. The rooftop bar is cool, but was mostly booked for private parties (i.e. &quot;Russian Vodka&quot; party). The staff didn't bother informoming us in advance; they simply ushered us in the elevator that doesn't go to the roof top... The design is pretty cool; however, the whole hotel seems literally cool/cold and not really inviting. We never saw anybody hang out in the small lounge area next to the front desk. It really is simply a nice place to sleep. The other Vikram Chatwal hotel &quot;Night NYC&quot; is waayyy better. The Times Square area is crowded with tourists; we didn't like that at all. Midtown East or lower East side are much better and have nicer hotels and restaurants. Midtwon West caters to tourists: crappy food and over-priced everything...If you are looking for a REALLY nice hotel, cozy, inviting and reasonably priced...stay at &quot;The Bowery Hotel&quot;. Awesome!!	
Dec 12 2007 	Nightmare hotel	I booked this hotel as part of our honeymoon, so obviously did a lot of research first. I initially booked through lastminute.com but their description of a 'standard' room wasn't accurate - Dream Hotel has 'small', 'medium' and 'large' rooms. After calling lastminute.com trying to find out what size of room I had booked, I then had to call the hotel in America. I had a 'small' room so cancelled (paying lastminute £20 fee which they wouldn't waiver). Then I re-booked through hotels.com which were much more helpful.When we got to the hotel our room was tiny - king-sized bed but only just enough room to walk around it. We had a small window which looked directly into an apartment, so we had to have the blind shut. I called reception and complained about the room as it was our honeymoon and I had paid a lot extra for a 'large' room after reading reviews.They upgraded us to a suite but warned us that there may be a very small amount of noise from the bar on the 14th floor. I asked how much and they said just a very small amount of bass.The room was lovely although not for the feint-hearted - we had a balcony that looked down the length of Broadway but the wall wasn't very high around it - being 13 floors up is quite high!When we got back into our room the noise was unbelievable. I had earplugs in but the bass was that strong that I could feel it and the pictures were literally vibrating on the wall. Then you could here everyone's feet dancing too. This went on until 4am! I called reception in the middle of the night saying that we couldn't stay in this room, but they said they may not be able to move us!So I had to call back the next morning and we got moved to the only available room - where we were originally!Also be warned about getting a ipod for your room from reception. They take a $400 deposit from your credit card in case you don't return it. I returned ours but didn't get asked to sign anything, then on checkout they tried to charge me for it, saying I hadn't returned it! After lots of arguing they checked the security tapes from when I said I brought it back, only to see that I had. No apology at all.My recommendation - stay at the Royalton - massive rooms, great staff and a 5ft round bathtub - great!	
Nov 18 2007 	Tiny room	Hotel lobby nice along with staff but room size very small. Bed size smaller than British standard double bed. Hotel great location. Restaurant food good with good atmosphere. Very disappointed in room size, lots of extras Plasma TV and excellnt sound system and lighting.	
Nov 16 2007 	Overpriced but ok	We were there during mid-October. Our friends were given a small room that was filled with the smell of cigarette smoke - the smell did not go away during the three days we were there. Our room was a bit nicer and had no smell. Service was spotty all around from the Doorman who didn't open the door to the trays of garbage left in the room and hallways.The worst thing was the mattress pad on the beds - it felt a bit like plastic and slid around on the mattress making sleep noisy and uncomfortable. When we asked them to remove it they took away the pillow top and left the pad!At $350.00 a night I expect more - even in NYC.	
Nov 7 2007 	Loved it in spite of reviews	My parents booked this hotel for my birthday gift for my husband and I. We stayed for 2 nights. When I found out about the trip (in advance so I could get the time off) I went to tripadvisor to check out the hotel. I was quite worried by the reviews, but figured I love NYC, and loved the location of the hotel so would get by.I loved the hotel. I'm not into that super modern stuff, but the lights didn't annoy me like I thought they would. We were in the smallest room they have, but I thought it was fine, it had some wasted space in an empty corner that we could keep our suitcases in (with room to spare). The bed is amazenly comfortable, just great. The bathroom was small, and there was no place to hang your towels, so I could never reuse them. But they would leave us fresh ones, so no problem. Also our safe broke and went into a lock down about 30 minutes before we had to leave for our play, with our tickets in it! I was in a complete panic, and neither of us was ready or dressed. The hotel staff was great in helping us, they sent someone immediately. When he couldn't get it fixed, they got someone else that said they had to take the safe to drill it. When they did they returned it before opening so we could account that nothing was taken. And this took 20 minutes! We made it to the play with tickets, hair done and dressed. I was quite pleased with this service.My parents thought we would like the rooftop bar. Boy were they wrong, that I thought was a waste. It wasn't outdoors, just a tiny room, with way to loud music and no room. Just very small. So I wouldn't recommend the bar.I would be willing to stay here again, and definitely couldn't beat the price they got for the location. I have noticed the price has been much higher than the booking though, so it must have been a special expedia deal my mom found.	
Nov 4 2007 	EVERYTHING was s DREAM!!	My boyfriend and i traveled to NY in August and after much deliberation we decided to stay at the Dream. As i wanted to make the trip more special I arranged in advance with the concierge Mr. Edwards to have the room &quot;done up&quot; with flowers and balloons.... I was not disappointed nor was my man!! From the moment we arrived the staff were fantastic, between helping us with our luggage to helping us with directions to the Zoo! Our room was beautiful, we stayed in a Queen size room and I really dont understand what people are talking about when they say the rooms are cramped - we had plenty of space for all our baggage! The bed was amazingly comfortable and the blue under lighting aided a good nights sleep - it is possible in Manhattan! There was a turn down service and each evening we returned to find an apple on our pillows, this was a lovely touch and was performed by extremely friendly housekeeping staff. Location is ideal for shopping - bang smack in the center close to EVERYTHING!! We really cant fault the Dream and are already looking forward to returning in '08! Fantastic holiday in a fantastic Hotel!!	
Oct 31 2007	Great Location Great Staff Mediocre Facility	The location is perfect for a sight-seeing trip to NYC. Steps from the Subway, many restaraunts (from inexpensive diners to fine dining) within a very short walk, 5th Avenue shopping is a ten minute walk, and Times Square an easy and safe stroll down the street, this hotel could not be better located. The rooms are small and trying too hard to be stylish. We couldn't figure out how to turn off the strange lights under the beds (despite calls to the front desk), and the toilet overflowed through no fault of ours. The worst part was they put us on the second floor -- just over the nightclub -- and the loud thumping music lasted into the early morning. We asked to be moved, but they were unaccomodating, even though we prepaid for our 3-night stay and had a 9 year old child with us. The best part was the concierge was very helpful arranging for a doctor to examine my wife when she experienced a minor medical emergency. Overall, I won't stay there again due to the noise. Next time, I'll pop for the extra money to stay in a &quot;name brand&quot; hotel near Times Square.	
Oct 29 2007 	Dumpy and Pretentious	So I thought that there's no way people could say bad things about this hotel...it looked so great on the web! Boy, was I wrong.We arrived in New York around 8pm after a hellish drive in from Newark, and were greeted by a very nice girl at the check in desk. We got our keys and went up to our room with no issues. We walk into the room...it was small, as I had imagined, but I never thought it would be DIRTY AND SHABBY. My first clue should have been the elevators...tiny, rundown, and slow.In our room, our carpet was extremely dirty, and the room had a musty smell. When I went into the bathroom, I found the shower tiles MOLDY. Okay, if you're going to commit to tiling an entire shower, you need to commit yourself to the maintenance. I was not happy.I went down to the front desk and inquired about moving to a bigger room. They were booked up that night (Thursday), but we would be able to move the next night into a king bedded room for an extra sixty dollars a night.The new room was spacious, but the bathroom still had mold issues. The sheets kept slipping off the bed because the featherbed was too big and the sheets too small. The worst thing, however, was the air conditioning...it made an awful banging noise about every 45 seconds all night. We eventually turned the air off and slept in a hot, stuffy room for the rest of the night. I complained immediately the next morning, and was assured that it was going to be fixed. It was not fixed. Finally, on our last night there, my husband took the vent off the air conditioner, and guess what he found? DIRTY TOWELS, shoved up into the air conditioning vent. It was disgusting. When I told the front desk about this, we received 100 dollars off our total bill.On Friday night it was raining, and the front desk and concierge flat out refused to get a taxi for us. They said there was no way we'd get a taxi in the rain. Finally I went to the corner of 55th and Broadway and hailed my own taxi. The desk people were rude, dismissive, and unhelpful.Please, please, do not give this hotel your business. They try so hard to be trendy and fun, but just ended up being dirty and rude. Don't waste your money.	
Oct 25 2007 	Dream - It Was!	Excellent through and through!Spotless rooms (small-ish - but so what?!) I though the size was going to be a problem from reading the reviews, but how wrong I was... I booked a small room, and to be honest, having a peak at the other rooms, it's not worth the extra cash to upgrade to medium. If you go to New York to stay in your room, then you really need your head looking at! Haha! The size is more than ample for 2 Adults - I've stayed in A LOT smaller!The room was cleaned / towels changed twice daily, staff were super helpful, supplying us with free NYC maps, even loaning us umbrellas when it rained. It was also quiet where we were (Floor 5)There is a Subway 20 yards away, a Starbucks on the corner, and Times Square is 5 minutes by foot. It's probably the most perfect spot we could have asked for.All in all, I could not fault the Dream. People will complain about anything, so try to take negative reviews with a pinch of salt. Sure, I'm not saying they may have had a bad experience, but stay in a 5 Star and still things can go wrong...The Dream is a New York hotel that I would suggest to anyone! We WILL go back!	
Oct 17 2007 	Not Such A Dream	Overall, I find this hotel to be losing its lustre. I can understand why it was particularly attractive when it first opened, but the building is getting older and the chipped furniture and tiles in the bathroom suggest this hotel is past its prime.Also, the staff are not particularly friendly and do not compare, in terms of customer service, to the staff at the W, for instance.Having said that, the concierge, Kevin, is brilliant and made my stay in NYC enjoyable--he was &quot;in the know&quot; with regard to trendy bars, clubs and restaurants and always willing to help.The rooms are tiny and the carpets need a good cleaning. The beds are, however, incredibly comfortable.I booked this hotel from the website and paid quite a bit of money--I don't feel that the experience was worth it. Also, as an IPreferred member, I was supposed to obtain a room upgrade as there was availability. The surly staff attendant at the front desk reassured me I had received a room upgrade, but I clearly had not and got what I paid for.In short, I am not that particular and believe I would have had a better experience had the staff at the front desk been friendlier--if you got this hotel on a bargain, I would recommend it. If you are paying standard prices for this room, however, I would suggest elsewhere.	
Oct 12 2007 	Comfy beds good bar	The Lobby is gorgeous with a cylinder fish tank. The Front Desk Agents weren't overly friendly, they did their job and checked you in and out (not related to the hotel but their uniforms are mustard yellow and very unappealing...) On the plus side we asked for a ice bucket and they bought it within minutes. The rooms are a decent size with a very comfy bed. On the strange side there was a very creepy picture of a girl in our room...the artwork is sort of creepy. Good stay, good location.Tip: Do not take anything out of the mini bar if you do not want to pay for it, it is on sensors and anything you move or take out even if you put it back in you are charged.	
Oct 7 2007 	Great hotel in a great location	This hotel was pricey but worth it. The room was quite small, but not bad for New York. It was clean and modern and the plasma TV was great. The blue lights in the desk and under the bed were an unusual touch - shame it took us ages to work out how to switch them off! The location of the hotel couldn't have been better. There is a subway station around the corner and it is just a couple of blocks to Time Square. We didn't eat at the hotel but we did go for a drink at the roof top bar - fantastic, but get there early as it gets busy.	
Sep 27 2007 	As good as advertised	I was very attracted to this hotel's style and despite the mixed reviews here decided to risk it as I got decent $240 rates well in advance. I was not disappointed. Room was roomy enough for two people, stylish and a great bathroom &amp; shower which was the perfect antidote to a weary day of walking around Manhattan. Huge flat screen TV with loads of channels, easy internet connection for laptop etc. Each morning &amp; evening someone would tidy up the room and leave an apple on the pillow and a weather forecast for the coming day. Found the staff perfectly polite and helpful. The Penthouse lounge and hotel restaurant were a bit too noisy for us though so we never ate there.I would definitely stay there again. It's a really convenient location and quiet.	
Sep 27 2007	Terrible Hotel	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Dream Hotel in September.My friends raved about the bar on the roof top. The room was tiny and far from chic. The air conditioner kept us up all night. They stole my boyfriends watch. We tried to go up to the bar on a sunday night, no tables were open and they closed off 3/4 of the bar. When attempting to sit, i was scolded by the waitress who said, &quot;SIT OVER THERE&quot; like an animal. Terrible service, horrible hotel , Do not ever recommend staying there!!!	
Sep 24 2007	Anniversary Trip to NYC	My wife and I just celebrated our 2nd wedding anniversary in NYC. I usually stay at the Sheraton New York, when I am in the city. I thought it would be fun to try a new hotel. I read some of the reviews and was a little nervous that I might have made a mistake booking this hotel but Dream was perfect. Check in was fast and the staff was very friendly and helpful. The rooms were small put just right for a weekend getaway. I would defiantly stay here the next time I am in the City for work or for fun.	
Sep 7 2007 	Perfect	What a great place. No complaints at all. Friendly front of house staff, clean room, great roof terrace. It can get busy so we found it was best to go up for a few early drinks before you go out, you don't go to New York to stay in one place all night anyway! Watch the sun go down, then head out... People had said that the lobby/lifts get busy later on, but if you're staying at the hotel you get priority. The room was smallish and didn't have a great view, but it was very comfortable in every respect and as soon as you step out of the door you've got everything right there, subway, shops, bars and the park. Can't ask for more than that!	
Sep 4 2007 	Comfortable and modern - but noisy	I stayed at this hotel for a business trip, along with three of my colleagues. Checking into the hotel was quick and easy, and the hotel staff was courteous and friendly. They do wear some strange uniforms of gold polyester, that I found at odds with the hip, modern hotel decor.I had a &quot;medium&quot; room, which supposedly came with a queen sized bed, but I think I had a king. The room was a good size, with enough space to walk around the bed so that I did not feel cramped. The room looked exactly like the pictures on their website, with dark modern furniture, white walls, white bedding, and the blue neon light under the bed. Thankfully you can turn these off! The bed was really comfortable too.The closet was tiny, it was not deep enough for the hangers to hang straight. Bathrobes were provided, which I did not use but they felt very plush, as were the towels. The bathroom also was quite small, which is to be expected, but very clean. My biggest complaint about the bathroom is the lack of counter space, there is only about a six inch deep shelf above the sink. This shelf also made it uncomfortable to lean over the sink, as I always felt like I was going to hit my head.The only problem I had with my room was the street noise, it was VERY loud. My window was right above the front door of the hotel, and there was construction across the street that started very early. And the trash collection apparently lasts all night in NYC, with the truck positioned directly below my window. To move would have required an upgraded room. My colleaugues had rooms that did not face that street, and had no complaints about noise.Over all I enjoyed the hotel and would stay there again.	
Sep 3 2007 	Chic - Trendy and fantastic location	I was very worried once my boyfriend told me he had booked the Dream hotel and then read these review. Some are ture the staff can bea bit rude but nothing more than you would expect in New York. The room was small but wow how fantastic the bed was. I wanted to try and get it in my suitcase !!! But really if you are going to New York why would you want to spend all your time in your room. This hotel is not great for business people it is a trendy chic boutique hotel in Manhattan.I would reccommend any brit to use this hotel, just for the location and beds alone.The shower was lush !!! Just what I needed after walking all day and night.The room service was brill (brits - all the freebies you can fit into your suitcase) the shampoo soap etc was lush !!! I still have some and it is brill.The bar in the hotel is so nice... very very dark but very cool...PLEASE PLEASE DO NOT BE PUT OFF BY THE BAD REVIEWS. This hotel is not the best you will stay in, but for location, and chic it beats the rest.I only spent a weekend in New York so location was everything, this did the job. 5 mins from Times Sq, 3 mins from Central Park.5 Mins from all the shops.LOVE IT... xx	
Aug 29 2007 	Stylish pleasant and modern Dream Hotel	I had read many bad reviews of Dream Hotel in NY, and was wary of staying there. I did however want to stay in the location and wanted a stylish and modern hotel, not a standard traditional hotel.I very much enjoyed my stay there.I have a couple of comments in response to the bad reviews. I think it is fair to say that this hotel is only really suitable for those looking for a cool and modern hotel with a lively atmosphere.I found the hotel staff to be perfectly pleasant and not rude. Some people mentioned the concierge was useless. I did not use them, but then I like to do my own thing and not rely on hotel staff to tell me where to go etc.Rooms - there are a lot of reviews saying the rooms are tiny. Because of this I booked a king size room, and it was a great size. Lots of room, big bed, cupboard to hang clothes, clean and spacious bathroom etc. I would suggest booking a king size room for the space.The only negative for me is that they put soft mattress over the main mattress which you sink into (ok but not great). Butthe worst thing was that it slips off overnight so is a bit of a mess in the morning. We had no issues with the bar upstairs.All in all a cool modern hotel, lovely rooms, nice environment. Perhaps expensive for what you get but aren't all hotels in New York!	
Aug 23 2007 	Dream - ... You Sure ????	We booked this hotel via a search engine. Major mess up! 2 adults and two children, boy aged 17 and girl aged 12. We booked an executive junior suite. Apparently, the suite we booked only had one super huge queen size bed !!! However our booking clearly stated 2 adults and 2 children aged 17 and 12. Afterall, the hotel had accepted our booking, why hadnt this been pointed out then? On arrival, no other rooms were available. The staff appeared none too bothered and totally unsympathetic because we hadn't booked direct. What did they expect us to do?Eventually, they offered us a smaller room with sitting area where the children had to share a corner leather settee. Not exactly comfortable or appropriate but we had no choice. They also insisted on increasing our room tariff by an additional $150 per night. We had booked for 3 nights. We only stayed two. Total cost : $1,400 - Totally unhappy, will never return, will never reccommend! Then of course there was the disco on the top floor. No complaints about the noise, we were on the 4th floor. However, we did hear others complaining about the noise. On the Saturday night, we returned about 11pm, there were queues in the street for the disco. On entering, we were stopped by the doorman and asked where we were going. We informed him we were residents and were going to our room. Despite having our 12 yr old daughter with us, he demanded to see our room key. Totally unacceptable. Obnoxious and rude.	
Aug 18 2007 	Dream Hotel - needs a couple of things to rate higher	Nice looking building from the outside with a good location at 55th Street West and 7th Avenue - close to Times Square, Central Park and a number of subway lines. The lobby is quite attractive with a fish aquarium from floor to ceiling, statues with a sitting area and a small stylish check-in desk - staff were friendly and efficient. There are a number of elevators - all on the small side but typical for older NYC buildings.I had booked a larger room - appx 285 square feet - the standard rooms are 185 sqaure feet and come with a smaller bed. There was decent closet space and a sizeable bathroom that was well designed with many mirrors, bathtub/shower combination with good water pressure and temperature, great lighting and good storage space.The room was clean and had a neat blue neon type underlighting that gave the room a nice ambient feeling and had great lighting with lamps over the bed, halogens with dimmer in the ceiling and accent lights.For improvements and to rank higher in my opinion, the rooms need some upgrade treatments:* The chairs in the room were not comfortable to sit in and read - a nice reading chair would be good for a room in a hotel of this calibre* The bed was a mattress sitting on a wood frame - it was reasonably comfortable but would have been better with a boxspring/foundation underneath* The windows could use more upgraded sound proofing - I have stayed in NYC before so I do have an idea of amount of noise to expect, however I was on a bit of a loud street and close to it (was on 2nd floor facing onto 55th) and believe that the windows would benefit from more soundproofing* The clothes dresser was or functioned as if it was a cheaper design - the drawers stuck and the piece screamed lower quality (again for a hotel this calibre, I expected better)All in all the stay was decent and it is a good hotel - if the above areas were improved, my rating would be above average.	
Aug 17 2007	No dreaming in this hotel	Dream Hotel should have paid me $284 to stay in room 1316 which is located under the disco through which you have to suffer until 2 am from the loud disco beat. To add insult to injury, no treats, no turn down of covers, whereas my colleague had covers turned down and apples placed on the pillows. The air conditioning unit didn't work very well either. The hotel rooftop patio is great, and if you steer clear of 13th floor accommodation, you might enjoy your stay at Dream Hotel.	
Aug 15 2007	RUDE STAFF	The staff at the hotel was very rude. Would not let guests on the roof deck with shorts on. Then when myself and other went home to change and came back we found many people on the roof with shorts on.They also do not allow anyone wearing sneakers in the front entrance after a certain time at night. The staff even gave guests of their own hotel a hard time about sneakers.	
Aug 14 2007 	Will always stay there!! Loved it!	The Dream hotel is a great place to stay! great location, friendly staff, awesome rooftop lounge, wonderful spa and cool decor! the rooms are typical nyc size but very contemporary and comfortable! the beds have very soft, clean, white sheets and great pillows. this is not a place for kids and families, its a fun and young hotel! I booked my hotel online through the IPrefer membership that i have and Fabia at the front desk took great care of us. Room service is on time and friendly. The Ava lounge is rooftop overlooking broadway to Times Square. the service is friendly and attentive but remember drinks are very exspensive! have fun and remember you have to give to receive!	
Jul 18 2007 	Nice Lighting....	My wife &amp; I stayed at Dream for 4 nights in early mid month, including a weekend. First impressions - conveniently placed without being right over the noise on Broadway. Easy to get the subway or stroll down to theatre land. The check-in was Ok, swift and professional. Small lobby, very 'interesting' design, dressed smartly. Great hi-vis cylindrical fish tank by the check-in. The room: 7th floor, via 3 small lifts, small corridor! (They can be busy early evening as peolpe try to get to the Terrace for the bar and views). The double size bed is not big - it's a minimum spec double in our view, and two of you can battle for space. However - it is the most comfortable hotel bed I have slept in, take it for granted. They use a sort of soft lined duvet over the mattress, very cool. Beware U.S. hotel rooms - they are small, very small in general, unless you can afford top-line 5* experiences.You have to work your way around the bed, and 2 people cannot pass each other around the bed! Doesn't really matter when you are out and about, so a small niggle. Small but clean shower/toilet. Aircon was efficient, but can be noisy when on auto mode - it kicks-in and out with a loud noise which can wake you up. Great 40&quot; plasma screen which oversized for the room, but hey! Good music via the Bose system. Good sound insulation. Bizarre but cool blue lighting under the bed and on the desk. I would recommend a room away from the main street and not on the same side as the 3 lifts! The breakfast is good and OK value in the restaurant, but eat-out for all else. The downstairs Bar is neat and stylish, Terrace bar views excellent - beware it is seiged by New Yorkers and non-residents in the evening. You have to book to be sure of a seat!! The Amalia adjacent restaurant serves very good food, even if it does come with an overly pretentious descriptions on the wine list. In general Dream hotel staff were helpful.	
Jul 16 2007 	A 'Dream'!	I do not know what hotel people were staying at who hated their stay at Dream. My stay was wonderful! The room was spotless, quiet, and the beds were amazing. The staff was courteous....wished my daughter a happy birthday when we checked in! The concierge was helpful and well informed and the bell hop was kind and also helpful.The location can't be beat...Best stay ever in NYC...Will stay again.	
Jul 14 2007	My stay at Dream Hotel. A dreamy experience	We have just returned from staying at the Dream hotel in New York. I really enjoyed my five day stay there. The first room I had was a tiny room located below their famous bar on the Penthouse. Needlesss to say I was up all night with their techno music. When I complained to the front desk the next morning, they were quite willing to change my room to a better location in the hotel. The rooms are small but exceptionally clean. The staff was pleasant and very willing to help.The hotel is ideally situated in Manhatten and most of the attractions were within walking distance. The hotel gears for a younger crowd between 25 to 35 years old. I would definately recommend this hotel.If I ever go back to New York I would not hesitate to go back to the Dream Hotel!D. RanellaMontreal, Canada	
Jul 5 2007 	Great location but full of drunk young trendy clubbers.	Spent two nights at The Dream Hotel. In a great location close to Central Park and 5th Avenue. The rooms are small but funky. Small bathrooms but great showers. Best things about my stay; Great and comfy King size bed. In addition, Kevin, the concierge was really helpful and recommended some great places to eat. Worst thing was the intoxicated night-time ravers who visit the hotel bar and who travel up and down on the same elevators as hotel guests. Never very safe for a solo woman traveller.	
Jul 4 2007 	Shame you can't sleep in the lobby	We stayed at this hotel purely because i had won a competition to go to New York for the weekend so we did not have to pay anything for this. So this review is more matter of fact.When we first arrived, we checked in and the hotel concierge took our bags and said he would follow us up in the next lift with our bags. 15 minutes later he had not arrived so I had to go back down and get them myself, I also had to get another concierge to help me as they needed bring the key card up with them (some fault at the time). The lobby was amazing, clearly this was where the budget got blown. As for the rooms, they were clean but it seemed like a 3star given a lick of paint. I was really disappointed that we were only given one robe per room, when there were 2 of us and we had to pay for an extra one. There too much furniture in the room and yet nowhere to hang anything! The room was very small and the use of neon blue lights under the bed were unnecessary. However the bed was so comfortable and we had a great night sleep being at the back of the hotel.The service in general over the weekend from the reception staff and concierge's wasn't anything special. Although we did use the restaurant for breakfast both mornings and the service and food there was lovely. We ate Manhattans at $20 a go, it was definately worth it.The room was cleaned once the first day and twice the 2nd. On the 2nd day they left an apple on each pillow and a New York Sunday Times paper hanging from the door, which was very nice.Don't be fooled by the fancy website, or the lobby. To sum it up it was a very clean 3star with neon blue lights under the bed and piranas in the lobby. Bizarre!	
Jul 1 2007 	Quiet Peace at The Dream Hotel	This unique place gives you an opportunity to stop and find peace in the busy city. I loved the calm, quiet athmosphere. The hotel staff are very friendly and go out of their way to help you. Anthonie at the front desk made checking out a plesant experience. I would love to go back to the Dream again.	
Jun 30 2007 	The absolute worst service I have experienced in my life	This hotel had a beautiful lobby, and the promise of being a preferred property, but beyond the lobby this place was completely disappointing. The service was totally dismissive, uninformed, and discourteous. It epitomized every negative stereotype about New York City. Thank god that I am not a stranger to the city because I was able to get around without assistance from the concierge who gave absolute incorrect information each time I was able to reach him, which by the way was only about 25 percent of the time. The hotel floors and rooms were actually rather shabby considering the room rates and hotel status. The doormen wouldn't even hail you a taxi, they automatically shuffled you to sedan services without even telling you that you had an option. Another NY stereotype...hustle the tourists. I would recommend that noone stay at this location. it is a complete rip off, unless of course you wanted to be treated like a piece of garbage and be charged top dollar for it. I cannot believe Deepak Chopra's center is in anyway affiliated with this place, because it induces stress and an overall unplesant aura.	
Jun 25 2007 	very clean -other than that - eh	Was sent to the hotel by our the company travel agent as a highly recommend.Concept hotels rarely pay off on their concept promise.I will say my husband and I were thrilled with the extreme cleanliness - but that is it. The staff was either ill informed-- the concierge quoted me a price on car service from the hotel to the airport and then told me that I should just take a cab, he didn't know basic info about the circle line tours, and didn't know what the hotel restaurant's corkage fee was, he didn't know what a corkage fee was.-- or rude and unprofessional. The bell men were over eager to the point of harrassment about handling our bags. And while it is nice to have a hotspot in the hotel on the Penthouse, there is no set system in place to get guests to their rooms. The mixing of bar patrons with guests caused a doorman to attempt to bar me from exiting to wait for the next elevator with my husband so we could go to our room together. The bar on the roof is magnificent and a highly recommend. But staff training was an issue there as well -- a Kir Royale stumped the barback. All together, I think this hotel is overhyped and over rated. The rooms are small and the staff training is uneven at best on the other hand it is very clean, and the location is a plus. Would I recommend- probably not-- there are better.	
Jun 20 2007 	Just OK	An OK hotel in a super location. Dream tries so hard to be hip that it ends up being a parody of hip. Everything looks like the photos on the website, except much much smaller. What looks like a sweeping lobby with the huge Buddha sculpture is really just a small room with about 4 chairs. Check-in was very easy, staff helpful. I arrived at 12:00 and check-in time was 3:00 but they found me a room so I could get ready for an afternoon meeting. They warned me it was missing the duvet on the bed, but I didn't care. It was nice to be given a choice of checking in early. Duvet arrived shortly and housekeepers were very polite.Rooms are tiny. Fine for one person (I was travelling alone on business) but much too small for a couple with 2 suitcases. Barely enough room in the closet to hold 2 changes of clothes. Window looked straight into a brick wall. Room did not have a Bose radio or any kind of clock. Plasma TV was quite nice. Bed was totally wonderful.The blue &quot;running lights&quot; are fun at first, but I got tired of all that glowing light in such a small space and turned them off. Again, they're trying hard to be hip but not quite getting there. Surprisingly, bathroom was small but very well laid out. Nice toiletries from the Chopra spa. Plenty of room and shelves to put your things.Elevators are small and very slow. Luckily, my room was on the 2nd floor so I took the stairs. Location is super. 2-3 blocks to Times Square and theaters, 1 block to Carnegie Hall and Carnegie Deli, 3 blocks to Central Park. Lots of restaurants and delis. Hotel breakfast is expensive, but there's a Starbucks on the corner and 2 delis within a block. I didn't try the rooftop bar, but had a good lunch at Serafina. This would be a great hotel for singles or a young couple wanting theaters and nightlife. An older couple would lose patience. Not as good for business travel, not good at all for families.	
Jun 15 2007 	No Hot Water Tiny Rooms Bad for Business Travelers	I stay in NY frequently for business and got a good deal on this hotel ($239 for first night, $349 for other nights). While the rooms are adequate, they are TINY and i kept bumping into my metal bed frame.I also had no hot water when i went to take a hot shower one evening (my co-worked had the same problem the day before). The front desk was completely un-helpful with the situation. There is also no business center or area to print boarding passes. Although there is internet access in the rooms, the desks are placed very high so they are almost impossible to work on if you have a laptop.Overall, this might be a good hotel for someone who wants to be near the shows but for the price, you are better off somewhere else. If you are a business traveler, definitely steer clear!	
Jun 9 2007 	Honey I shrunk the room	Yes, those who have written reviews about he size of the rooms - especially the &quot;double&quot; - are correct. The double room is a bit snug, and the blue &quot;mood lighting&quot; does not make it any bigger, albeit the Bose Radio, the flatscreen TV, and those great bath products do add to the overall experience. Yet, the other features of the hotel, from the helpful staff, a free NYT in the AM, to the very soothing spa/yoga/meditation rooms and the very decent restaurant, make you want to forget that one shortcoming. Breakfast was quite good, a nice waffle with real fruit, and a hot cup of herbal tea hit the spot, and the waitress actually smiled and was very attentive - not a bad way to start the day.The location is also quite good, especially with a subway station literally a few hundred yards from the front door. I stayed in room 1307, and there was very little road NYC street noise filtering in. If there is a loud party on the bar on the 14th, you may want to stay a floor or two lower.Overall, a solid B+.	
Jun 3 2007 	Not that Impressed	Overall it is clear I am not the person that should stay at this hotel. First, the location is mid town on the East side which is great for the theaters but little else. The hotel fronts 55th and there is not really a drive up and with both sides of the streets lined with cars, there is no drive up at all. There is even construction across the way so there is a large dumptster directly across from the hotel. Sidewalks are narrow and dirty. The reception area is unusual looking but nothing else. We had trouble checking in, our room was not ready and continued to not be ready for quite some time. I would not have minded but I got poor cooperation from the front desk staff. Simply not very professional. One person was dressed in jeans and a T-shirt.Room is again avant garde, ok and very roomy but the A/C rattled and the bed linens don't fit the bed so that they are continually coming off of the corners during the night.Halls are narrow and dark.Room service made three trips to get our simple order correct. No newspaper, had to request. Concierge was at best ok, but recommended one location that was closed for lunch when we got there. Had to find our own.The roof top bar shares elevators at night with the rooms so we had to wait our turn to just get to our room...and had to show ID just to get into the hotel. Probably need a dedicated elevator for their guests. Overall stay here only if you like the pure &quot;touristy&quot; section of NYC and like the avant garde to extreme. Could improve with higher expectation of management or owners of the property and the staff. You certainly won't confuse it with a first class hotel property.	
May 29 2007 	Not great!	Stayed here in April 2007 for 2 nights - a few problems:1 Our room was not turned down any of the two nights - when we callled for this to be done the lady in reception put me through to Housekeeping to a loveley lady but unfortunatley didnt speak english!2 On check in the receptionsit (who I must say, procedeed to deal with two other colleagues at the same time as checking us in, which in my opinion is not at all professional, but it made us feel unimportant!3 Roms are TOO SMALL!! (even though we had just come from the amazing Bellagio on Las Vegas) they were horrendous! our view was of the back of the hotel and was very dark - no daylight at all!4 ordered Room Service breakfast on 2nd mornignbut nothing came! receptionsist said 'oh maybe some prankster took it off the door handle last night' ?????? What? 5 Staff use the (very infrequent) guest lifts for Room Service etc! 6 We left an IPOD and Drivers licence after us in the room and when called back to see if they were found had to be transferred to nine (9) dfferent employees to give our detqails - in the end they said there was no record of the lost items! I am returning to The BIG APPLE in December for a shopping trip, but I will most definatley NOT be staying in Dream!	
May 29 2007 	Cool	This is a very cool uptown boutique hotel. Very modern rooms and common areas. The roof top bar is brilliant with great views. Staff were very polite and helpful. Loved this place	
May 25 2007 	Good for a quick night in NYC	The Dream Hotel definitely has it's ups and downs. Ups: the bar(s) on the roof and location in Manhattan. Also, the very cool 2 story cyndrical fish tank and the modern decor. Downs: rooms - the standard room is VERY tiny and the closet is not even full sized. (Although, the bathroom and personal care amenities are quite nice.) A bit hard to maneuver yourself and luggage in such a small room.I usually only stay here on business, with the room to myself. If you are looking for a large space to relax, in - you should DREAM about being elsewhere.If you just need a place to spend the night. The Dream is perfectly fine.	
May 2 2007 	Good Location Funky Hotel for Young People	My initial impression was of a funky, boutique style hotel. I would have never have guessed the hotel had in the region of 200 rooms. It seems a lot smaller. Dance music is playing in the reception area andthere is a small seating area furnished with expensive looking chairs, etc. and a great big statue of Neptune/Zeus. My room (standard size) was a little small but had a great view of Broadway and Time Sq in the distance. As I was the only one in the room it never felt too cramped, but had there been two it would have been a little too small.The bed was very comfortable but I couldn’t seem to get the bloody air-conditioning working right – the room was either too hot or arctic. Opening the windows was out of the question because of the traffic noise.The shower was good and the cosmetics were of a high standard and were also used in the Spa downstairs.There is a great bar on the room with an outside room terrace. I didn’t get to go to the bar on street level as it’s only open on Friday and Saturday.	
Apr 24 2007 	Very nice but expensive	At the start of our holiday to NY my friend and I went to the Ava Lounge at the Dream Hotel on the recommendation of the Time Out guide - and we liked the place so much that we decided to book a room at the hotel for the last two nights of our trip.We weren't disappointed - the room was spacious and very comfortable, with a decent bathroom, and a great AV system in the room. We enjoyed the 'finishing touches' - including the blue neon lights under the beds (a bit confusing after a few cosmopolitans, but quite cool!), and the Big Apples (ahem) left on the pillows in place of chocolates.The location is very good, just off Times Square, which although touristy is extremely handy for getting pretty much anywhere in Manhattan. Staff are very courteous, and were more than willing to help us store our bags for a couple of hours after check-out, and then help us to the taxi with them when we left. We ate at the restaurant a couple of times, and the food was pretty good.The biggest positive? The Ava Lounge. Rated as one of the best hotel bars in NYC, it's just fantastic. The Lounge is in two parts - an indoors area on the top floor of the hotel, with big windows overlooking Times Square itslef, and a roof terrace with views of the New York skyline. Service is good, drinks are well-made, and the atmosphere is excellent - a buzzy, suited-and-booted after-work crowd is followed by dressed-up late-night drinkers.The negatives? Well, it was expensive. Having booked online at a decent rate of about $250 per night for the room, we ended up paying a total of $900 for two nights. How? I'm not sure... I think it had something to do with starting a tab at the bar (oops), putting brunch and lunch in the restaurant on our room bill, and finally making a couple of (short, local) phonecalls that cost a grand total of $50. I would stay at the Dream again, if I was feeling flush and happy to splash out for some luxury. It's not the best hotel in NY I'm sure, but for the price (not including bar tab etc) it's pretty good value.	
Apr 18 2007 	Wish I could have stayed longer...	Stayed just one night but liked the Dream so much I'll definitely return.Service was impeccible. Everytime I walked through the lobby I was greated. The bellhops were great--showing me and my girlfriend around, hailing cabs for us, and holding our bags for us after we checked out. Other positives were the nice flat screen tv in the room, the free yoga and meditation in the basement, the rooftop terrace, and the fresh fruit left on our pillows each evening. Only negatives I could find is that for the price, I felt a little nickle-and-dimed by two things: wi-fi was $11 a night and the mini-bar had a motion sensor on it and automatically charged you if you even moved anything in it!	
Apr 3 2007 	Not the best in NYC	I always make a point of reading reviews on this site before staying at a hotel as it is has nearly always proved very useful to me. However, I try not to be put off by just a sprinkling of bad reviews where someone has just had a terrible holiday and EVERYTHING seemed to go wrong because there will will always be people like that. Anyway, the review.FIRST IMPRESSION - I unfortunately arrived on a saturday night and i think there is some sort of club on the top floor, so the lobby, which is insanely dark at night, was full of partygoers waiting for the lift. Anyway, it wasn't that much of a problem, and I never heardanything from the club (though i was only on 4th floor), just wasn't a great first impression.ROOM - My company had booked me a medium room with Queen bed. Now, ifthis was a medium room, God knows what the small one was like. It wasnot very big at all. Bathroom, the same, really tiny. But everything was clean and working! When we first got in the room, I realised that you could hear, quite clearly, the bell on the lift when it arrived on that floor and remember thinking that it if people come down the corridor drunk at night, it will definitely wake me up, but it didnt, so I'll leave that one.I cannot believe for a second that the bed we slept in was a queen. Idont think i know what that means as i did question the hotel about it and they said it was, but i have a 'large double' at home (according to habitat dimensions) which i have always called queen and if was definitely smaller than that. AND whats more (and this would put me off more than anything else) it was the softest, most squidgy, uncomfortable bed i think I've ever slept in and for a hotel called 'Dream', i thought it a bit ironic.OTHER FACILITIES - The restaurant attached is quite nice, I didnt eat there at night but sat at the bar a few times and they do cocktails mainly and some good wines. I had breakfast there once but was really expensive and service was a bit slow but maybe it was a one off.LOCATION - In case you've not stayed in NYC before, here's a quick rundown of what i think about the location. The hotel is on the corner of 55th ST and Broadway which is about five or six blocks away from the top of Times Square, and four blocks from the bottom of Central Park. Some may see it as convenient for sight seeing whereas I would say that it is a bit like staying really close to Leicester Square, i.e. ultra touristy, but if thats what you want, I guess its a good location but if work hadnt chosen this area, I definitely wouldn't have done. I usually try and stay midtown east, which has better shops and restaurants close by. However, New York is really easy to get around and cabs are cheap and plentiful so this is by no means a massive disadvantage.OVERALL - I have given this a hotel a rating of 3. This is because it is not a cheap hotel. I think it was $300 per night and i have definitely stayed in much better hotels in NY for this sort of price.I saw Kate Thornton in the lobby so I guess she was staying there at the time, yet I wouldn't see it as a celebrity type hotel at all. My best judgement would be that although there were no major issues, cleanliness, noise levels, etc were very acceptable, the room was small and the bed was not good and i would only rate hotel as pretty good 3 star or very low end 4 star and would advise you to really have a good look round before you commit to staying here unless you get an amazing price.	
Mar 27 2007 	A fashionable haven in the heart of NYC!	New York City is bustling and busy and yes you may not necessarily spend a lot of time in your room. However, when you do get back to your room you do need a haven where you can chill out, relax and recharge your batteries before you hit the streets again. New York's Dream hotel does exactly that. It is a calm haven overlooking Broadway. With spiritualist Deepak Chopra putting his name to the hotel you know an emphasis is going to be placed on relaxation.The suite we stayed in goes against everything people tell you in New York about the rooms being small. Our suite boasted two bathrooms, a living room and a bedroom with a bed wider than it was long! We also had 2 40&quot; flat screen tvs - one in the bedroom and one in the living room.For a girl who likes attention to detail, Dream had it all - from Egyptian Cotton Bed linen to Deepak Chopra's own range of in-room toiletries.Room service is very good and the restaurant joined on to the hotel does a great breakfast. I never got to try the roof bar as there were private parties on during my stay but I am sure it is very good.In terms of location you cant get a much better spot than this so if you are planning to visit New York I would definitely give this hotel the thumbs up!	
Mar 21 2007 	It is a dream come true	Location is great, room was impeccable	
Mar 20 2007 	A Dream Worth Not Having	I've never written a review before but after staying at the Dream Hotel I feel compelled to share my opinions about this ridiculously overpriced hotel.Lets stress the positives first. Even though I personally don't like Midtown and Times Square, I have to be fair and recognize the location is great. Close to Central Park, 5th Avenue, theatres, short walk to the subway station. The Chopra Centre &amp; Spa was amazing with one of the best massages I’ve ever had. Thanks Joe!I also have to say that, contrary to other reviewer’s statements, our room, number 910, was large even though it lacked wardrobe space.That's about it!The evening my partner and I arrived was a cold and rainy one. Our taxi pulled next to the curb and I noticed the bellman standing at the door and that's just where he stayed after I'd pulled my suitcase out of the taxi and was rolling it towards the door whilst my partner was struggling with his. He only acknowledged us once we where inside the lobby. With only a few exceptions most of the staff was just average. Nothing note worthy in a hotel that claims to be at the top of a competitive game.For a place called Dream you’d expect each night to reach R.E.M. stage with no problem. Think again! Yes, the bed was comfortable but nothing to brag about. As noted by another reviewer the windows don’t have double panels so you are treated to the sounds of the city; but what’s more ironic is that just as many noises come from within the hotel. A very loud AC kicking in, a phone ringing in an adjacent room, guests talking about the day ahead or waiting for the lift. Oh! Yes, our room was located next to the elevators.One detail meant to impress the guests as they walk in, is the dramatic effect of the room flooded in a light-blue colour, product of the neon light emanating from the glass topped desk and underneath the bed. The turned on flat screen and soft music coming out of the excellent Bose system add to this illusion that you just walked into heaven…until you open the door to a tan and blue tiled, grout covered bathtub, cream coloured mildew spotted plastic shower curtain Motel 6 style bathroom.I could go on talking about the run down appearance of the hotel (scratches are a common denominator in the lifts and bedroom furniture); tacky decors (a back lit screen with a dove that seems to be coming to attack you as you walk out the lifts on the 9th floor); the Ava Lounge which is more a club than a lounge (a must avoid if you want to have a conversation), with a bartender who doesn’t know that martinis, whether shaken or stirred, are supposed to be served chilled …I don’t reckon I’m too demanding! A bouncer at the Ava Lounge standing in front of the velvet roped staircase which leads to the terrace not letting you, a hotel guest, through to enjoy the so well advertised stunning views, but allowing pass it another gentleman accompanied by two beautiful women instead. But I won’t dwell on that.I’ve travelled quite a bit throughout the years and stayed at better and worse hotels than this one. The point I wish to make is that this hotel is just average and, like I said before, ridiculously overpriced regardless if it’s Manhattan. As an experience, it falls short in every single way resulting in a bad and cheap Philippe Starck wannabe hotel.	
Mar 19 2007 	Perfect for our engagement weekend!	We stayed at the Dream hotel for one night, March 17-March 18, 2007. We had a wonderful stay while there. The hotel has a contemporary feel to it, from the pictures to the lightning in the rooms. We stayed in a medium queen room, room 302. The room was extremely clean and very quiet. There was not a view, but this is what kept the room so quiet so it was perfect for us. My fiance had planned a very special weekend in New York City for us as he was planning on proposing. He called ahead and thanks to the concierge, Kevin, he was able to have the hotel room prepared with rose pedals covering the room and champagne. With the blue lightning the room was extremely romantic. As for the size of the room, we were happy with it. Of course it's size must be considered by New York standards...let's face it, hotel rooms in New York City will be smaller. The room size was just fine, and much bigger than other New York hotel rooms I have stayed in. The bed was to die for. It was so comfortable I did not wake up once during the night, which is unusual for me. The tv was a nice big flat screen on the wall. The bathroom does not have a bathtub, just a decent sized shower. This was fine with us, but if that is something that is important to you, keep it in mind. We did not eat at the restaurant or go to the bar since we were only there for one night and had other plans in the city but from what I've heard and saw they both looked nice. We were also told that a dance floor will be opening very shortly.As for the service at the hotel, it was amazing. Everyone was extremely friendly and accommodating. As I state earlier, Kevin, the concierge, was wonderful. He made sure that our stay there was as special as my fiance hoped for. The rest of the staff are very friendly and pleasant as well.One of the biggest perks of this hotel is the location. It is located directly in the middle of everything. It is located on 55th and Broadway...four blocks from central park, a couple of blocks from 5th ave, and time square is straight down Broadway. Parking is $45 for 24 hours. If you choose to stay for a few hours past the 24 hour mark you will be charged the full $45, but it is well worth it considering the average parking price at other garages is about $15 per hour plus tax. We paid over $500 for the one night stay at the hotel plus the parking, but I believe the price was raised because it was St. Patrick's Day. Things you should do:Take a horse carriage ride though central parkSee a Broadway showShop 5th avenueVisit time squareI would recommend this hotel. It is nice, clean, and according to NY standards a nice size. Have fun in the big apple!	
Mar 15 2007	Hotel Dream is a 'dream' to stay in.....	I visited New York for 4 nights staying from 8-12 March 2007 with my boyfriend and friends, I was in a wheelchair as I have had a recent operation, the staff were absolutely fantastic from the girls who checked us in upgrading us giving us more room because of the wheelchair to the guys on concierge, the cleaners and the bellboys especially Edwin. I cannot believe that this hotel is so low regarding the rating, for those considering booking this hotel it is a must, as I say not only due to the incredible friendliness of the staff but also the location W55th St within walking distance of 5th ave, Times Sq, Central Park etc, but the in house restaurant served great food, the roof top bar WOW what a view of Manhatton and the restaurant Amalia which has just opened next to the hotel, recommended to us by the concierge what a place, again the friendliness of the staff and the food, I had Roasted red pepper soup for starter (wonderful!!), Grilled Stuffed Ribeye steak for main (2 of us had this and both said it was the best steak we had ever had), Creme Brulee for dessert. I cannot recommend both this hotel or the restaurants highly enough, we had a fantastic time in New York made even more special by the hotel and our last night at Amalia, so if you haven't booked a hotel you must book The Dream and eat at their onsite restaurant, have a drink in the roof top bar and enjoy a meal at Amalia, we wont be staying anywhere else when we next visit.	
Mar 13 2007 	Okay but wouldn't recommend it	Being a devout reader of trip advisor reviews I should have known better and booked the Barclay, or somewhere else, after reading the negative reviews of Dream. Most of the critical reviews are regarding the room size. Well they are not lying. Myself and my husband thought it was probably over exagerated but our 'standard' room was TINY. There was about a foot either side of the bed and that was the width of your room. Nowhere to store your case so ours stood propped up at the side of the bed doubling as a bedside table - thank god we only had one case. There was no in room safe, no Ipod, no docking bay...all of which should have been included as stated when we booked. On our first morning the toilet flooded. I attempted to flush and before I knew it water was pouring out onto the bathroom floor. We called the front of house who said they'd send someone up immediately (we were mopping up the water with our towels) and 20 minutes later we had to call again to chase.When maintanence turned up with a plunger he fixed the toilet but when I asked him about the adundance of wet towels spread over the floor he told me that wasn't his job. Fair enough!!The positives are a great location, just four blocks from central park, a stones throw from fifth avenue and times square (if you are there for the NY tourist experience). We visited most of the deli's/diners in the area and would definitely recommend the Carnegie, their sandwiches are ridiculously sized but worth every penny and you can take it with you when you leave. Although its the other side of town - go to 'Max's chocolate by the bald guy' just off of Union Square...this place is to die for - the best hot chocolate and the highlights; chocolate pizza and chocolate syringes. The beds at dream are the most comfortable we have slept in and the turndown service is pretty good - fruit left on your pillow and a weather forecast for the next day.Our experience of the dream certainly wasn't terrible but the rooms are tiny and a bit suffocating but hey you don't come to NY to stay in your hotel room!!	
Mar 5 2007 	Fair value in a good location with a few interesting twists.	I stayed for three nights with my girlfriend for a weekend visit to New York. We booked in to a Queen, which was small but not so tiny as to be claustrophobic. It was clean with a small bathroom – no proper bath here. The bed was comfortable with great linen. The blue lighting, which features in promotional material, was fun when you first enter the room but you don’t use it again. The windows are not double glazed, and ours did not close properly, which means plenty of road noise – not great for dreamy sleep. The location is excellent, within walking distance of a dozen sights. The subway is close by – including the E line for Airtrain transfers to JFK. We did not have breakfast in the hotel - it seemed poor value. The Applejack diner opposite is more than adequate if you like American breakfasts. The Ava lounge, the upstairs bar is a great, if pricey, martini bar with excellent views down Broadway. The bar is a destination in itself so don’t expect to a quiet drink, or a seat. The hotel staff we encountered were fine, but as you expect from a hotel sold on design the service levels were not stunning. One particular annoyance was the turndown service which on both nights was early and clashed with us getting ready to go out - which made it rather pointless and intrusive. We enjoyed our stay.	
Feb 28 2007	Exceeded My Expectations	This is a very good NY hotel. Great rate, too. Loved the room, though the first room they gave me had a vomit smell. The new room was nice and quiet; a bit small but that's what you get in NY.The bathroom was small but clean and updated. The bed was VERY nice and soft and the work desk was good. Wish I had a view out the window, but that's NY.The restaurant was good for dinner but just average for breakfast. The rooftop bar was good; nice view; but somewhat loud and expensive. Try to use the quiet room behind the elevators.Lobby was great. Service was OK. I'd stay there again.	
Feb 12 2007 	Book your room at Dream Hotel	After thoroughly researching hotels in New York City, I decided that Dream fit the bill -- interesting design, full list of amenities, good location, and relatively reasonable prices. I was in NYC for 4 nights on business, and my wife joined me for 3 nights. We both commented that the room was large for a room in NYC. It was clean, modern, interesting design, king bed, nice linens, desk with high-speed connection, plasma tv, bathrobes, closet, clean bathroom with tub/shower, mini bar, and really cool blue lighting. The room was very comfortable. Our room was on the 12th floor (room 1207, I believe) and we had two windows facing east, which provided us with great light throughout the day. The noise level was relatively low and the view was pretty good. The rooftop bar is a cool and comfortable spot to have a before- or after-dinner drink. The staff were outstanding throughout our visit -- helping me set up my internet connection, taking the mattress topper off our bed to firm it up a bit, providing directions and recommendations, hailing cabs, etc. I dealt with a gentleman named Adam who must have been one of the supervisors, and he went above-and-beyond the call to make sure I had everything I needed and that we were comfortable. All interactions with the staff were extremely pleasant, helpful, and polite. The location was great, 7th and 55th, right near the subway, easy to get cabs, plenty of retail and restaurants nearby, close to theatres and Central Park. This is a great contemporary alternative to the characterless chain hotels or the &quot;old world charm&quot; hotels. I am now looking for any excuse to get back to New York -- and when I do, I will be staying at Dream.	
Feb 12 2007	Very disappointed- don't stay here and get ripped off!	Whilst the location is good, the room was very small with a tiny bathroom and a child sized bath and it was advertised as a medium sized room- the cheek of it all!Also it is worth noting that I stay in hotels every week for work and the Dream hotel's overall service is poor compared to the other boutique/expensive hotels I stay in for work every week.I was very disappointed in the bar too-I wanted to go to the top bar and my partner and I decided to venture there on the last night of our stay but was told by a bouncer, who revelled in turning people away, that someone had reserved the entire bar- pathetic! As a hotel guest at Dream, we should get priority access to the top bar. To be told that we can't drink at the upstairs bar is rubbish. Also-the decor in the hotel is also quite trashy and tasteless and badly put together. The only good thing going for the hotel is the comfortable bed and the free yoga classes in the chopra centre downstairs but of course the staff won't tell you about that nor that it is located downstairs below the lobby and has a small fitness area. On my second visit to the chopra centre, the entrance was flooded with water and several staff were trying to mop all the water up. They didn't seem to cope well with the matter and my shoes were ruined. Also avoid the Sefrina restaurant for breakfast- it is seriously overpriced! Next time I will stay at another hotel. The owner of this hotel really needs to venture into something else. Trust me- if the service continues this way, this hotel won't last long!	
Jan 18 2007	Good place to stay	We stayed in room 905 which is not on a street side and it was great. No noise from the street at all. I would recommend this side of the hotel. Rooms from X15-X08 would be on Broadway and might be a little loud but all is not lost (see below). Room is small, so if you live in your room on vacation it could be cramp. It was clean and turn down service included a piece of fruit each night. It is in a great location, just up from TSquare and just below CPark and Columbus Circle.The only down side is that the small room puts you right next to the hallway. When you open the door, your bed is three feet from it. We found that turning on the exhaust fan in the bathroom drowns out any noise from late-night arrivals. I have to credit my wife with that little stroke of genius. We got a deal since it was winter and it made it worth while.	
Jan 18 2007 	Very dreamy bed!	I stayed here two years ago and a nice time. Dream is true to it's name, it is meant for sweet dreams... the bedding is the key feature here. The down comforters and Molton Brown products, including an awesome scented &quot;sleep spray,&quot; were so nice. The room has black out shades so it was very easy to oversleep. Plasma screen in-room was nice. The bathroom was very small and overall, there was not much space in the room. We liked the lobby bar and the cool paintings on every floor. It felt pretty hip. Since you are really not in the room that much in NYC, it was OK to have a small room. The bed was worth it. Just request a room away from the elevator, which is loud, and you can hear it at night.	
Jan 1 2007 	"Your Just Like a Dream"	I stayed at Dream before Christmas so I could see New York city during Christmas time...From the moment I walked into the lobby I loved it here....There is a great Fishtank and the Decor is great..We booked a medium room that was very clean and had just about the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in...Make sure you go to the top floor of this hotel, There is a view of times square off of the roof that is great...I will defiantely stay again	
Dec 30 2006 	Dream - Solid hotel with a little funkiness.	We stayed at this hotel for three nights in late December. We had a really early flight into town so requested early check-in and actually arrived before 10am expecting to just drop off luggage and hit the town. Our room was already ready and they bumped us up to a medium room with a queen bed and the front desk clerk remembered to wish my wife a happy birthday, nice touch.Room was as expected: decor was minimalistic, cool blue lights under bed, bed was comfortable and plush, TV was good. The shower did have good water pressure and temperature. On the downside not much room to store clothes or luggage at all and the bathroom was on the basic side (small section of mold on wall near tub/toilet-a little gross). Also, no wine glasses or bottle opener in room, strange considering fully-stocked mini-bar. I phoned room service to request some and they never showed up. Made a request to concierge later and he was very professional and items came up within 10 minutes. Concierge also recommended great restaurants and made reservations for us.Location is A1 and really close to subway. Au Bon Pain is a good place to pick-up morning pastries and coffees and is just one block east on 55th.We went to Penthouse level Ava bar twice including once after late night dinner, was very cool atmosphere, relaxed but funky, DJ played good tunes. Drinks ain't cheap though!All in all a solid hotel which should not disappoint if you have realistic expectations.	
Dec 25 2006 	Not so bad...	I've read, before leavin' for New York (as I usually do), the reviews of Tripadvisor: most of the opinions of Dream Hotel were not so good...This was my first time staying at Dream and during my stay (8 days), after all I have to admit that my experience wasn't so bad.What I've really LIKE: location (very central, just 2-3 blocks from Times Square and 5th Ave.), the hotel's stuff (very gentle and helpful), excellent Italian food and nice ambience can be enjoyed at Serafina Restaurant, the room service is good, the plasma tv and the blue light in the room, bed very comfortable.What I DIDN'T LIKE: the size of the room (very small compared to other hotels I've stayed in NY), the bathroom was not exceptionally so &quot;fancy&quot; (one day my toilet had to be fixed because it didn't work well). Anyway rooms are clean BUT small...Next time I will book another hotel and looking for a bigger room!	
Dec 17 2006 	All about location	There is no doubt that this hotel is all about the location. You're basically on Broadway just south of Central Park and near just about anything you'd want. It's slightly less expensive than the others in the area as well. Positives: Obviously location. But they have done a good job bringing an old building back. The beds are very comfortable, and they did a great job of using space overall. From the flat panel TV to the way they hang the towels, it's a good use of space. Second is that it is amazingly quiet. Maybe it was just our room, but overall I couldn't believe how quiet it was. And we were next to the elevator. Bose Wave radio's are a nice touch as well, and the robes are as soft as they come. The bars there are pretty good and seem to be popular. It was busy every evening. Negatives: It's small. But so are just about every other room in that area, so don't get hung up on this. Past that, the interior rooms views' are non-existent. And it was pretty stuffy. We had the air conditioner on when it was 35 F outside! It was 76 F inside. The only other negative I would give is that it just has the feel of a run down hotel with new stuff in it. Bathrooms are tiny and the window and tub seem ancient. But still, value-wise for mid-town Manhattan in December, this will be difficult to beat. It was at least $100/night less than most only a few blocks away. I would definitely recommend staying here unless you plan on spending a lot of time in the hotel room. But it's NYC, why would you do that?	
Dec 17 2006 	Hip hotel...a Dream!	My girlfriend and I took a long shopping weekend getaway to NYC. We were a little surprised by the increase in hotel prices during the holidays. We ended up finding a decent price for one night at Dream the week we were leaving. I would have gladly spent the whole time here.The lobby is modern and interesting with a huge fish tank upon entering. The desk clerks were very helpful. I booked through an online site and requested a nonsmoking--I got a smoking room. Not a good start, however, they made up for it. The room is small, no surprise in NYC and they give square footage on the website. It has cool blue lighting in room. Bed was very comfortable and believe it or not, room was quiet!Bathroom was modern with great toiletries. Here's where they impressed me most. We checked out after one night and moved to another hotel. In the move, we lost our tickets to Wicked one hour before the show. Panicked, we called the hotel to see if they were there. They tracked down and dug through our trash to find the tickets. We know this because they found tickets to the club we went to the night before. That seemed above and beyond!!Very good experience...would stay again!	
Dec 7 2006 	Great location	This was our first time in NYC and as two excited 'little children' couldn't wait to get there. First and foremost, the location is FANTASTIC!!! You are just 5 mins walk from Times Square and Broadway, seconds away from the subway, and a few minutes walk to Carnegie Deli (which was a great landmark as we kept getting lost!). Conceirge staff were extremely helpful, our first day they got a map out and marked on it, our places of interest and told us a great place for breakfast (Applejacks). Room was slightly smaller than I imagined, although clean, comfortable, not a bad view (7th floor), great Plasma TV (although not great picture quality - but who comes to NYC to watch TV??) One complaint - the bed was sooooo soft, in fact it felt like it was made out of feathers, not good for people with back problems. Good maid service, not intrusive, polite. Great bar on 12th floor, with amazing views. On departure we befriended another couple and decided to share a cab back to the airport, in the hope to save a bit of money. We asked the conceirge to order this for us. When it turned up, it was not a yellow cab but a private hire vehicle, cost more than a yellow cab (understandably) and cost $10 more than what the conceirge quoted us - so be a bit aware. By the time we both paid and left a tip, we were better off getting a yellow cab separately. I am not in the habit of returning the same hotel twice, but if I found myself here again, I would be very happy.	
Oct 29 2006 	Great - Not a nightmare at all	We travel abroad 2-3 times a year and stayed at Dream 18-24 Oct . I was worried about the Dream because of previous trip advisor comments. I need not have been - we had a large room on 12th floor, with a fab view - bed was sooo comfortable and bathroom was a fine size - yes, the grouting needs fixing as it is mouldy and some sloppy touch up painting has been done but it is clean, towels are plentiful - fresh ones every morning and again in evening if required. Deepak Chopra products are replaced daily, fresh fruit supplied and daily paper and weather forecast. Plasma tv is good too. Reception staff are a little aloof and not friendly but concierge staff are really helpful and nice with it. Bar is hip and staff were good. The Applejack diner across the road does great breakfast. Hotel is not luxurious for the money but it is in the ideal position for tourists, not least because it is so close to a metro stop so it made getting round really easy. We abs loved New York and Dream was great - at least it is central and in quiet street for its central location and it was def clean, which is what I was worried about.	
Oct 24 2006 	Hip Happening Hotel	After driving into the city, we pulled up at The Dream and were greeted by some young, hip doormen. Our room wasn't ready yet, however they were very kind to hold our bags and direct us to some great shopping. Upon checkin later that day, we arrived at our room which was very hip with the blue neon lights. Each floor that we passed, had really great photos of hip, happening babes! The location is superb. Walking distance everywhere. The restaurant was great and the housekeeping staff was extremely accomodating. As with most NYC hotels, you are not there for any view, but location and comfort. The beds were extremely comfortable. We even had a Fire Alarm go off early in the morning with not much chaos. All in all i would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants value, comfort and a hip/young atmosphere!	
Oct 17 2006 	The Dream - A Nightmare!	I travel A LOT for business and stay in NY often. I was interested in trying the Dream Hotel because I heard they had a fantastic rooftop bar... The bar was indeed fantastic although we were there 4 nights in a row and had to BEG to get some peanuts! Each night we were told &quot;we don't have peanuts&quot; we then had to explain that we had them the night before… - somehow they managed to &quot;find&quot; the darn peanuts - this happened 4 nights in a row!!! I was traveling with what the hotel called a VIP and when I checked into my room next to the elevator (can you say ding... ding... ding... every time someone stopped on the floor!) So I thought to myself, this couldn’t be how they treat their VIPs, right??? Well I requested a room change to which I received a room smaller than my bedroom -- Finally we were moved into a suite (much more expensive!) this is now 18 hours of playing musical hotel rooms! The bathrooms (there were two) in our suite were so moldy that I requested they come and look at it. I took pictures in case I was questioned later... Then, I needed to send a box to my office and when I went to the concierge to ask for a box, I was told that I should go buy one at Kinko’s. I am NOT kidding - I have to send things to my office often when I am in NY and every time the concierge has always managed to find a box in the hotel somewhere but not at The Dream so off I went to kinkos to get a box!!!. The gym is small but workable and the elevators are tiny tiny. I think it is important that people understand that everyone has different experiences - this was just mine but all in all The Dream was actually a nightmare!	
Oct 9 2006 	Dream is centrally located energetic safe and fun	My friend and I were on a fast trip to NY one day in the Catskills and one day in the city. We were told by a few people to take the train into the city because it was cheaper than a car. DON'T DO IT. If you are going to the Dream Hotel the subway does not have a escalator or elevator available after certain times. Needless to say my 40 lb bag felt like 300lbs flight after flight after flight of stairs. However, when we did get up into the city Dream was just a short walk from the subway station. Upon turning on to the street of the Dream it is (at night) the blue lit hotel. The lobby is impressive and the elevator opens up on your floor with a commanding back lit art piece to greet you. Our room was small by Midwest standards, but for us it was great. There was an impressive presentation- blue lit bed, blue lit desk, bose radio on, and a pear on the pillow.The bed was HEAVENLY I could not believe how comfortable it was. I had read reviews about the air conditioner being noisy, but I did not have that problem. The air conditioner was quiet and worked well. In fact, I was surprised how quiet it was in the room for being in the heart of the city. That was a great feature of the hotel - the comfort of the rooms being serene and the hotel lobby/lounges oozing with energy. A great night life- especially on the roof. I would HIGHLY recommend making an advance reservation for the roof top. Believe me you'll wish you had. All of the tables were reserved and I wished I had know that reservations were recommended. Because being on that roof felt luxurious and we both wished we could relax the night away up there. In the Ava lounge there is a delicious drink the KEY LIME MARTINI. Order it. Think 13 dollars is too much-it isn't- just order it. I don't drink more than 3 beers a year and this was so amazing I had three. Edwin the bell man is so helpful and a get it done kind of guy. Want to know what is close. the best value, or how to get there the best way , he is your man. Everyone is friendly and helpful IF YOU ASK but I think that is NYC. Edwin is the above and beyond employee for my stay at the Dream. I am expected to give above and beyond customer service at my work -in turn I have a hard time with standard customer service. Thanks Edwin.I would recommend the Dream for people who want an atmosphere, the view from the Ava lounge is vibrant, the outdoor lounge is electric with energy, and the bed, oh the bed is nice.It is located a short and safe walk from Times Square, close to an ATM, close to the subway, and they will be adding a new dance club which sounded interesting. The manager at Dream Mark O'Brien e-mailed me same day twice when I had a question for him. It was not a complaint based question either- he really impressed me with his promptness. Stay at the Dream and have a great time. I did. And if I go back to the city I'll stay at the Dream and believe me I will have reservations for the roof. You'll know me because I'll have a Key Lime Martini in my hand. Good Luck.	
Oct 9 2006 	Nice Weekend Getaway	My husband and I stayed at Dream for one night. We found the front desk to be very helpful and professional. We stayed in a large room which was adequate. The room was neat, the linens were clean but there was alot of dust under the platformed bed and the shower had a small amount of mold. The spa was very clean and offered many unique services. The location of the hotel was great- walking distance to many great attractions, broadway shows, and shopping. The conceire was knowledgable and able to suggest a great place for Sunday brunch. This hotel is great for young adults and great for a girls spa wekend. I would not recommend this hotel for famlies.	
Oct 1 2006 	Exceptional 	We stayed 2 nights at Dream for some sightseeing and shopping; the general NYC travel experience. We we greeted very nicely, we had a great room(little small) but we knew this before staying here. The rooms were clean and staff was very friendly, often going out of their way. Location was great- short walk to Times Square. Subway around the corner and staff will give you lessons on riding it. The restaurant was very good and reasonably priced. We ate out on the sidewalk and drinks to follow on the roof. Would definatley come back if looking for a Times Square location!!	
Sep 12 2006 	Dream Hotel was my best NYC experience!	The Dream Hotel experience for myself and my family this past December turned out to be the highlight of our holiday! The Dream is a beautiful hotel in a great location. The rooms are clean with nice decor and the service was one of a kind! We had a great Manhattan view and we especially loved the penthoouse lounge which we spent hours enjoying. The view from the lounge directly down Broadway was just amazing!Also, the adjoining italian restaurant was very good and we took advantage of it twice during our stay. The rooms, the food, the staff, the location ........ all made our experience at the Dream Hotel to be the finest we've experienced.So the next time you plan to visit New York City, I would highly recommend this gem at the top of Time Square! The dream is truly a dreamy experience!	
Sep 4 2006 	Great stay at Dream	Yes, the room was small, but I reserved the small room. The bed was a dream-down comforter and pillows and the fresh &quot;cotton&quot; scent. Though I didn't have a view, the room was very quiet and efficient. The bathroom had more storage for &quot;stuff&quot; and Chropa products were replaced when unnecessary. I was in NYC for business and pleasure and would return. The AVA lounge in the evening was the best to unwind after a busy day. Although I prefer the neighborhoods of NYC, it was a fabulous midtown stay. PS thanks for the complimentary nightcapsPPS the room was standard for a room in Paris	
Aug 19 2006 	NIghtmare	I heard mixed reviews before staying her but as I frequent traveller to NYC I like to try new hotels however I will I had never tried this hotel. Although the hotel was only opened a year or so ago the room walls were so marked up and dirty it looked 10 times its age. Everything felt old. Taking a tiny room and filling it with a tacky desk that has lights underneath does not make a hotel room neither does a 32 inch plasma screen positioned way too high on the wall. Still I could live with all that but the bathroom was frightening. If they had not moved my room I would have checked out and slept in Central park is I had too. As I opened the door a large group of Fruit flies started swirling around my head. There must have been 40 or more, they were everywhere. The tiles on the floor were filthy and full of grout, the fixtures were the cheapest I have ever seen, I swear they took the bathroom from a cheap motel and just copied it and I am dead serious about this point, I don’t think the bathroom was ever cleaned and from the cheap shower curtain with mold all over it to the cheap shower head which had something else growing all over it to the odd hand soap it was a horrible nightmare especially after having paid almost 400 dollars... Oh and one more the thing the &quot;four&quot; star restaurant downstairs is just a cheap tourist restaurant disguised as something better. The service was horrible and the food even worse. It was the worst food I have ever tasted in New York. Instead of there try TGIF and you will get better service and food or even KFC would be better. If you want to spend 300 or 400 dollars on a room in New York try the 'Bryant Park Hotel' that is where I moved the next day and they are always perfect. The 'Maritime Hotel' is also excellent and both are priced the same as 'Dream.' The bottom line is don’t even try this hotel it is not worth 100 dollars. Take it from me and save yourself some frustration...	
Aug 16 2006 	Cool hotel with great location	We stayed in a medium-size room for 4 nights. Very nice room but there was no view from the window. (A wall a couple of meters away) I liked the neon lights under the bed and in the desk. The internet connection was not wireless, but pretty fast and costs about $10/day until 12PM. Every morning we got newspaper outside the door, and there was fruit and a next-day-weather forecast on our bed when we come back at night! The mini-bar in the room was automatic - meaning if you touch anything in it (even if you put it back) - you have to pay for it - so dont :) On the wall there was a 42 inch panasonic plasma. The picture and sound quality was not that very good so I guess it was an old model... really NOT HDTV! One night there was no picture signal to the TV at all. The toilet was very clean and nice.. you get a lot of small bottles - schampoo, conditioner, body wash, body lotion and packages with q-tips, cotton swabs, shower cap and even needles, sewing thread and shirt buttons in different colors! :PThe bed was the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in!!! really wow... The hotel had a great location on broadway, but the hotel entrance was from the 55th street... and the sidewalk next to the entrance had a lot of rubbish. Times square was close - just 5-10 minutes walk from the hotel :) The penthouse on the 14th floor had a nice outdoor lounge with bar and music.. If you stayed on a high floor I can guess the volume could be quite annoying...The Serafina restaurant on the bottom floor served very nice italian food and we liked the atmosphere!The few times we had contact with reception and concierge service desk we got our questions answered fast and we felt the service was good.I think the room was quite expensive ($271 + tax) but I think it was worth it. I've read that rooms in NYC are often small size and so are also the rooms if you book through the website hotels.com etc. (you only get to choose the smallest room size) You have to use the hotel website dreamny.com to book medium and large sized room (higher rate though... )Our overall experience was really good. This hotel is great!I've attached a couple of photos...	
Aug 10 2006 	Not A Dream	I read the reviews and had to see for myself. The spa is a 5 star and restaurant a 4. The hotel is just adequate. The rooms are smaller than any hotel I've stayed at in New York and feel like a white box. From pictures you'd think it was a minimalist theme but it is simply a cheap imitation. The room was clean, the staff was professional, and almost everything in the room was cheap. Except the TV, 42 inch plasma. The other plus is the location. Great location. It's on Broadway and 55th. So I it all balances out.	
Aug 1 2006 	Horrible Experience	&quot;What a dump.&quot; If you like a small bed, in a tiny room, with a miniscule bathroom that is filthy at best, then do I have a hotel for you....Dream. I too have a Dream of charging $200+ for a beat up dirty hotel with poor service. Unfortunately, I have a conscience and would not do that to my fellow man.I won't even mention that boogers that I had to remove from the wall next to the bed or the mold in the shower or the rusty shower head. Suffice it to say, you should only stay at this hotel if there are no other rooms availabe in New York and the police won't let you sleep on a park bench.Dream on...	
Jun 24 2006 	Great trendy boutique hotel inconsistant service	Just so you know my perspective, I am a single business traveller in my late 20's and stayed for 3 nights for a business trip. For business travelling I know what top notch Ritz/Four Seasons service is like but when I travel on my own I stay at much more economical places and am not super fussy. Overall I thought The Dream was a great boutique hotel and I would definitely stay there again.For the price which was high 200's/mid 300's depending on the night, I thought it was a great value compared to most things you could book in NY for that cost.The overall look is very trendy and hip! The lobby &amp; rooftop bar and restaurant are VERY cool and eclectic. You can tell the $$ went here as the rooms are more spare. The pictures on this website are very true to what you get. Not luxurious but cute and worked great for me. The airconditioner is LOUD. The windows open to let in fresh air which was great. Toiletries very nice and are from the Deepak Chopra center which is actually attached to the property so looked like some great though very pricey spa options ($185 &amp; up for a massage)A big pro for the property is the fact that there are multiple restaurant/lounge options. The on-site restaurant has a great variety of delicious cuisine but bad service (see below). The bar upstairs has a penthouse view and a rooftop open air level that is great in the spring. Think there is also a bar on the lobby level. The location is unbeatable. 2 blocks south of Central Park, 3-4 blocks north of Times Square, 3-4 blocks west of 5th Ave shopping.The service is inconsistent! The hotel feels upscale because of the decor but the front desk does NOT give upscale service. They are friendly but untrained, too casual and lack the service standards that a hotel managed by a major brand like starwood, etc would have. Restaurant servers lack training. They are not rude, just spacey. I ate in the restaurant many times and it was fine for me &amp; a colleague as the food was great but I would never bring a client as it would be embarassing. The concierges are great and very knowledeable about restaurants, give detailed directions &amp; really took their time with us. Bellman were also super friendly and responsive. Housekeeping keeps things clean &amp; in order but again service inconsistant. Sometimes for turndown I'd have fruit in my room, sometimes not, sometimes a weather report for the next day, sometimes not.Cons for the business traveller are that room service doesn't start in the morning until 7am and there is no business center altough lots of nearby kinko's. No wireless internet but high speed ineternet access is in the rooms.I would stay here again due to the hip atmosphere, great food options &amp; location and would just know I'd have to put up with the inconsistent service. Have also stayed at The Alex but prefer The Dream now because it is superior in these respects and less expensive.	
Jun 8 2006	Major service failure	The Dream Hotel experience was less then dreamy. More like indifferent. They don't seem to know how to respond to a guest problem. Recently, I visited the lobby lounge with several senior executives. Imagine the suprise, when on entering, i was asked to supply a credit card before they would accept an order (unprofessional,inappropriate and borderline insulting) .It was 5PM and the lounge was nearly empty. We stayed for a little over an hour and the service was indifferent. At dinner later that evening, I realized that the hotel never returned my credit card but instead had given me someone elses card. I contacted the hotel and was promised that i would have the card back in my possession early the next morning.The card was not delivered as promised . After waiting hours, i began calling the hotel. The resonse to 5 calls were: no one is here who can help you,no one was available and they would look into it. Two calls to the GM's office was met by voice mail and no response.The clear impression is that they are strong on promising but very weak on delivery. Wonder how that attitude affects other guests? Enough to keep me from returning.	
May 11 2006 	Pleasantly Surprised	I've been traveling to Manhattan on business once a week for almost a year. Suffice to say that I have stayed in most hotels in Midtown at this point. I was very impressed with Dream. The room was relatively small, though bigger than some. The quality of the bed, down comforter, down pillows and linens made for a very comfortable night. The plasma TV was a nice touch. Internet access was fast and very easy to use. Location of the hotel is outstanding...it is about a 20 minute (safe) walk to Times Square; and less than a $5 cab ride. The crown jewel in the experience, though, was Serafina...the restaurant in the lobby of the hotel. Excellent food and astonishingly reasonable prices....even for room service.	
May 8 2006	Skip it	We did not have a pleasant stay at Dream. The rooms are extremely small but we knew this before booking. I can deal with small rooms, our main complaint was the extremely loud air conditioner unit that kicked on every 15 minutes throughout the night. I would have gladly turned off the air unit and opened a window to get fresh air into the room, but our &quot;pseudo window&quot; was walled/bricked over and there was no way to get fresh air to circulate through the room without the air unit on. With no window, no fresh air, and no natural light it felt like we were staying in a cave. There are so many better places to stay in NYC for the price. My advice is to skip it.	
Apr 30 2006	Pretty good - but don't expect great service	I was reluctant to book Dream, having seen the wildly mixed reviews here, but we couldn't find a better deal in mid-town Manhattan. (Those reviewers who suggest there are better hotels for the money nearby - please tell us which ones!) The rooms are small by US standards, but they're modern, clean and equipped with Plasma TV and Bose radio. Personally I thought the blue neon lighting was cool! The location is just off Broadway at 55th Street, and worked great for us. The staff are mildly disinterested except when there's a tip involved - and then they elbow each other out of the way to help. But if you don't need the service, and you can get a fair price (we paid around $200 a night - good luck if you can get better), and you'd prefer a well-equipped, new room to an older but more spacious one, then you'll be happy at Dream.	
Apr 30 2006	Cute with a great location	It was fine. The only problem was parking the car up front so the valet could take the car to the garage. I found later there were cheaper garages a few blocks away :( so that was painful. It was pricey, there's no way around that. But other than getting over the cost (it is Manhattan, so it's gonna be pricey) everything was fine. It's perfect for young couples.	
Apr 21 2006	Ridiculous waste of money!	Glad I'm a small person or I would never have been able to walk around the bed to the desk! This is THE SMALLEST room I have ever seen. Upon opening the window for a view of midtown, I saw nothing but a brick wall. There was no view. Oh well, the room was clean, new and not bad looking. This would be the end of the story except, the toilet was broken! It overflowed!! I know a little about plumbing and was able to keep the water from flooding the bedroom but the bathroom was a puddle. I cleaned up the mess, then had to use a wastebasket full of water to flush the toilet. Complained to the Manager and explained how I'd saved the carpet from destruction but there wasn't even an apology forthcoming. And $18 for a pot of coffee is an insult. I would recommend this hotel to Osama Bin Laden.	
Apr 7 2006 	more like a nightmare	So I travel a lot for work and hit NYC about once a month. I only post when it is really bad or really great. I had been on the road three weeks and stayed for 4 nights. I love smaller hotels and wanted to do the Chopra Spa so it all made sense. The first night I got in late and was put on the smoking floor, when I requested non-smoking. They said they were booked up and because I booked on Expedia it didn't guarentee a room type. The next day they moved me to the non-smoking floor and to a quieter room (smaller too). I had a box fed ex'd to the hotel prior to my arrival and nobody could find a package for me upon check-in. I tried again the next morning, no package for you Sir. Finally I pushed the concierge to look and we found the box in their holding cage. A day later had another box fed ex'd in, same problem...never told me I had a package. I had to find the box myself behind the concierge desk because he was generally not at the desk.So in night three of four, the internet went down in the entire hotel. It was out all night and in the morning too. This is obviously not a business hotel. Additionally, there is not a business center and the concierge couldn't even print my flight boarding pass. He couldn't get the printer to work!!So the spa was great. It was one of the best massages I have ever had. Of course, my luck, the steam room in the mens spa area was out of service!! They did offer another room (udi) for my steam and allowed me to stay past hours in the steam room which was devine. So upon checkout, I spoke to the mgr and she said to call her next time I am coming into town and she will make it right. I don't think so... They need to know that they have some issues though and being a business owner, I did my piece to inform them.	
Apr 4 2006	Wonderful boutique hotel	My boyfriend and I visit NYC three to four times a year. We like to stay in smaller, contemporary, boutique hotels. Dream is in a great central location with Carnegie Deli just around the corner, and Times Square/theatre district in walking distance. The staff was wonderful and very accommodating. The room was rather warm when entered and we had to call the front desk to fix it. While we were out, they 'fixed' it. It never got really cool (which we prefer), but it was comfortable. The room size was larger than many other hotels in NYC, and the bed was very comfortable. The bathroom was small. The restaurant attached to the hotel had great food -- calamari was excellent. The lounge was great -- visually stimulating. We would stay there again.	
Apr 1 2006	Worst NYC Hotel Experience	Upon our initial arrival we had our bags brought up to the room and didn't get a chance to situate ourselves until after we had returned our rental vehicle (no need for one in the city) and ate dinner. On our return, we come to find that we're unable to contact any type of service from our phone - room service, housekeeping, concierge. I had gone down to the front desk and was advised to disregard the service buttons and to dial &quot;0&quot; for anything we're in need of [very well]. The carpet in our room was in pretty bad condition, our phone was missing a couple of buttons on it, the alarm clock was missing, our bathroom had no washclothes and our view was a street view lined with garbage dumpsters right in front of the hotel. You won't be able to miss it as it's right across the street, in front of the main entrance when you arrive. Mind you, the overall look of the room was presentable, but definitely not the &quot;wow-factor&quot; that you had seen online. The bathroom shelf over the sink stuck out so far that when you went to brush your teeth you had to tilt your head a little too far to the side to rinse your mouth out. I did complain to the front desk that evening and again the following morning to where they had accommodated us by changing our room that day while we went to a show. Upon our return, you would think they would've put us in a better location and a better room, but NO, and considering it was our last evening there, it wasn't even worth asking nor going through the frustration of being moved again. Our stay was only for two nights, and two nights of grief. Our second room was stuck back in a corner and our view, there was none. It was the walls of the hotel in the shape of an enclosed triangle with nothing but pigeons and bird poop. The bathroom was missing the fog-free shower mirror that our other bathroom had, and the towel bars over the rear of the bathtub were rusted in numerous spots. I took pictures of everything as we'll be writing to the hotel as well. My husband and I travel to NYC once or twice EVERY YEAR, and aside from the GREAT location, there are so many other great hotels that we've stayed at in the same vicinity. Our money was a waste for the price that we paid. We'd been on vacation for a number of weeks and what a way to end it here. Even though this is our home town, don't waste your money on this hotel! You don't get what you pay for. Want to see a &quot;Dream&quot;? Come to Vegas...I think we got you beat! Everything at the Dream hotel is nothing but SMALL! Best of luck to those who do give it a shot.	
Mar 26 2006	I didn't want the dream to end!	I would have to say please ignore any bad reviews of this hotel, we arrived at the dream hotel and were greeted by friendly over accommodating staff and the lobby is breathtaking, at first we were put in a smoking room on the 2nd floor at my request, however when we arrived there was no view, my partner went back down stairs and asked if we could move to a higher floor, the staff had no problem and quickly changed the booking, now, the shapes and sizes of the rooms do vary, we had booked a king room and the layout of the room we were changed too was not as good, so my partner sheepishly went downstairs again and asked if we could just move back down to the 2nd floor,again this was no problem for them and they upgraded us to a room on the 12th floor with a wonderful view and a better space. I found my room to be perfectly spacious and immaculately clean, the staff are more than happy to send a cleaner up to your room at any point in the day if you want your bed made. Each night when we returned there was a different peice of fruit left on our pillow with a little card forecasting the weather for the next day. The food in the serafina restaurant is absolutely delicious but quite pricey and i would have to say, do not order room service we paid $18 for tea! but there are lots of cafes and restaurants on your doorstep that you can go to instead. Please do not be put off by bad reviews of this hotel i can promise you that if you are thinking about choosing this hotel you will not be dissapointed, i do agree that the concierge was not the most friendly character, but we had no need to speak to him, there are at least 5 lobby staff there at all times, and they are extremely helpful and courteous and know lots about the city. Also check out is at 11 but if you have a late flight they are more than happy to hold onto your luggage for you until you return. I had an amazing experience at the dream hotel and can promise you will have no regrets.	
Mar 17 2006	Please read before booking this hotel.	This hotel was WAY overpriced for the service and most importantly cleanliness. The carpet was coming up in 4 of the 6 rooms my friends and family stayed. The carpet seemed old and yes there were plasma screen TV's with horrible channel selection. The bathrooms were very small, not very clean, and the service was poor @ best. Whoever says you shoud stay here is giving you the WRONG idea of a modern, nice New York City hotel. There are MUCH better placed to stay for this price and that is being generous.	
Mar 16 2006 	watch out for the con artists	They prmised the &quot;stay 4 nights, 5th night free&quot; online and then conveniently 'forget about it' when you check out, unless you explicitly ask them. Then they double-charged my credit card (one for the promotional price and another one for the full price).Watch out for their website, which screwed up our check-in date. We were charged one night for no-show, and when we argued with the floor manager (watch out for Adam), basically what he said was &quot;you screwed up, not us, haha.&quot;The room was very small. The plamsa TV turned out to be annoying -- the picture quality was low and there are only a few channels, none of which is HD. No in-room videos nor any services.The only good thing I can say about the hotel is that it's on the same block as carnegie deli.	
Mar 14 2006	Distinctly average	I found the hotel distinctly average. The blue neon lighting and the dimly lit hallways were bordering on seedy. When they describe the rooms as small they mean 'SMALL'. The location however was excellent. Note if staying on the 13th floor over the weekend you need to be aware that the 14th floor houses the hotel night club and any references to this fact will fall on deaf ears when discussing with the hotel staff, you will just have to lump it !!	
Mar 13 2006	9 out of 10	Dream was a fun and trendy hotel, that we really enjoyed staying at. Our initial impression was of the lobby, and I must say, it was very elaborately decorated. The decor is certainly ecclectic, but it is really creative, and we enjoyed the huge fish tank in the lobby. Our rooms were smallish and minimalist, but the perfect size for 2 people. Also, the plasma on the wall helped with spacing. There is a pedestal sink in each bathroom, which also helps conserve space. Overall, we really liked the rooms. Everything was very comfortable. As for the location, it was perfect for walks to Central Park, and is 2 blocks from Time Square. We loved the location, and would consider staying there again for the comfort and convenience.Now, for the reasons I give this hotel a 9/10 instead of 10: First off, they did not have our reservations in their system, so the attendant in the lobby had to call a reservations system, to ensure our reservation was valid (we booked on expedia and paid ahead of time). The front desk attendant was courteous, and we didn't have too much trouble checking in. However, the main thing I was disappointed in was the attitude of the gentleman at the concierge desk. When we asked him a question, he stated a simple, cocky answer, and then went back to his computer screen, as if he couldn't be bothered. Even taking into consideration the unsocial concierge, we would definitely stay here again. The location is fantastic, the rooms are comfortable, and it's a really fun hotel. Although this is definitely not the hotel for a traditional person, it's a really nice hotel for someone who can appreciate the trendiness and minimal design.	
Mar 10 2006	Dream was fantasic - Despite the dodgy reviews!	I saw some pretty variable reviews of the Dream but went for it anyway, primarily because we got a good deal and due to location. When we arrived, I asked for a room on the 11th floor (as advised) and I have to stay that we had a really great experience. The room was small but really nice and perfect for what we needed. We were there during the blizzard and had 24 inches of snow in a 12 hour period and the staff were fantastic at pointing us to stores where we could buy boots etc. One even walked to the store with my partner to make sure he didn't get lost! The location is great for Midtown and we found it really easy to walk to most of the main attractions, even with the snow.We are early thirties with no children. We usually go for boutique style hotels and we really liked the Dream and would definitely recommend it to others in a similar position.	
Mar 8 2006 	hated the service	when you pay for the service for bell men it would be nice after along day of shopping and walking for a bell men to just open the door instead of talking to the fornte desk girls	
Mar 8 2006	Trendy and well situated	Stayed for a weekend. Trendy hotel with cool ambient lighting and minimalist touches in the rooms and elsewhere. A new Chopra Spa Center has great potential though we didn't use it. The upstairs lounge is for the young and want to be trendy crowd and has a nice view of the city. Service was prompt. The rooms can be small but overall we enjoyed our stay and would return depending on price. The restaurant is also recommendable for casual/trendy metro dining. There is a small gym.	
Feb 25 2006 	The only NY hotel I'd go back to!	Dream is so much more than I expected to get for the price. The rooms weren't spacious, but that's NY for you..Everyone on the staff was super-helpful, restaurant recommendations were spot-on (just don't get the namesake drink in the hotel restaurant Seraphim!)The ambiance was fantastic, and the robes were so soft I slept in mine. And the beds really were so fantastic,when we returned from our trip, we bought a new mattressIf you want to stay in midtown, I can't recommend dream enough	
Feb 25 2006	Good location small basic rooms that were clean with good beds	Let me first say that I didn't pay for my room, I won it as a prize in a contest. I was supposed to receive three nights in a &quot;large&quot; room, but I think I ended up in a small room. The room was nicely furnished, with a good bed, an oddly placed flat screen TV, and a small desk. No view from the one small window. There was another window in the bathroom, but it had been covered over during the remodeling.The Dream is one of those small NYC hotels that has been renovated into a boutique hotel, with small, oddly shaped rooms, and a few fancy touches.The location is excellent, close to several subway lines, and walking distance to Central Park, Times Square, and many restaurants. We ate once at the hotel's restaurant, Serafina, and found it quite good, and not overpriced for NYC.I found the staff friendly, and they let us check in very early after an overnight flight from the west coast. However there was no leeway in the 12:00 p.m. checkout time. I appreciated the book of Buddha in the nightstand drawer, rather than a Gideon Bible.One concern I had was a lack of security. Unlike most NYC hotels these days, anyone can go up the elevators into the hotel, without being asked to show a room key. The deadbolt lock on the door did not work, though there was some sort of a latch to close while you were in the room.No wireless internet, at least not officially, though there were several wireless networks available. Wired network access was available for $10 per day.Easy access from JFK, via the AirTrain and E subway line. We made a mistake when we arrived and took the Super Shuttle, which took at least twice as long (and cost more than twice as much) as the return trip by subway and AirTrain.I'd stay here again, and given that it's NYC, I guess I'd put a fair price at around $175 to $200 per night, which is lower than the rack rate, but may be close to what the rooms go for through resellers.	
Feb 20 2006	Much better than expected	Seeing all of the negative reviews of this hotel scared me a little when making the reservations. Opinions of rude service and run-down rooms almost deterred me from booking a romantic weekend for my girlfriend there. After deciding to give it a shot we couldn't of been more impressed with the hotel staff. The rooms were definitely small (its New York) but very comfortable. Plus, we got a reasonable rate online. I would say however that the ventilation and heating in the rooms was a little poor. I've been to a great deal of hotels in NY and Dream was not my favorite, but I feel that it deserves some credit with regards to location, hotel staff and price.	
Feb 8 2006	Frustration for Wheelchair User	My husband and I had a frustrating five night stay at the Dream.The atmosphere is impressive, luxurious and exotic but the promise of a lovely stay was immediatly dashed at check in.When we made reservations, we spoke to the desk about the need for a wheelchair accessible room. When we arrived the wheelchair accessible room that we were promised was not available. The desk staff was indifferent and stated that a person can request a wheelchair accessible room but they could not promise to have one available.We were given an otherwise very cool room but could not get the wheelchair into the bathroom. In order for my husband, who is a quadrapeligic, to go to the bathroom we had to go to the men's restroom in the basement. The next day we were given the ADA room. What a disaster. It was tiny. The bathroom door was wide enough but in very few ways it met ADA standards. I requested a shower chair that day but non were available. A small shower stool was provided on third day of our stay. (It was soiled !) My husband wasn't able to shower during our entire stay. We made the best of our trip but the Dream was, as others stated, a nightmare.For all of the expence and creative energy that went into the design of this hotel, it amazed me that ADA elements were handled so poorly.	
Feb 4 2006	Stolen clothing and poor management	Dream Hotel promotes itself as a very trendy boutique hotel when in reality it is a very &quot;seedy&quot; poorly managed hotel.I had brand new clothing stolen from Saks no less, without one return call back from management, and had a lousy time at their very poorly organized New Year's Eve party located at their penthouse cocktail lounge. Apparently, the &quot;key&quot; tables all surrounding windows facing Times Square had been sold to &quot;the rich and Famous&quot; for $1,200.00. If I had known people were to be segregated, I would've never attended.It didn't damper my pleasure for NYC, the location is good, and their restuarant, Sarafina, has delicious food.Think twice about staying here, or take old clothing that you won't miss. I certainly won't ever stay here again!	
Feb 4 2006	Missed the point	The Dream does fit into the category &quot;value for money-designer/hip&quot;, although, regardless of category, there is no excuse for poor heating/ventilation system nor for the total lack of technical service or foodservice in the evening after 11. The least they should do is to outsource these.. Also, no point in having those generous sized plasma screens without a movie stream or dvd library	
Jan 16 2006	Loved It	After reading the reviews I thought twice about Dream hotel. The photos on expedia.com was so impressing. When I arrived to the hotel, I was afraid.As soon as I was greeted I was okay. The staff was very polite and helpful. They carried all of my luggage answered all of my 1000+ questions. As I entered the room I was relieved. The room was small but it was only 1 bed. The sheets were white and clean. The Plasma TV was nice and the room was very cozy. The closet was small but you are not staying for months.They provided you with a mini bar. Very expensive,, so do not touch anything!!!!The location was great. It is located in the middle of TIMES SQUARE!!!! Great!!!! Resturants, shopping, everything.The subway is located less than 2 minutes away. If you need assistance the hotel staff will assist you.We need to realize that this is a hotel not your place of residence.I enjoyed my stay and will visit again!!	
Jan 15 2006	Sweet Dream	Other reviews seem quite mixed, but I found this to be a pretty good Manhattan hotel. Initially they tried to put me in a room (901) that was so small it didn't actually have anywhere to hang your coat. But after pointing this out to the front desk I was quickly re-located to another that seemed the size of a small suite (905). Service, decor &amp; location are all good. The gym in the basement is a bit of a joke - but they've got free access to the Gold's Gym around the block, which is fine. I was able to get a good price from expedia (c.£125 inc. tax), so all in all Recommended	
Jan 6 2006	Dream definitely not a Nightmare	My husband and I visited Dream in December. After reading so many derrogatory comments about Dream, we were pleasantly surprised. Prior to our trip, we actually booked a room at the Ritz Carlton for our last night, in case our time spent at Dream was actually a nightmare. When it came time to move hotels for the last night, we really did not want to check out. To breakdown the hotel: yes, the rooms are really small, even the large room (which we had), the Ava Lounge is unique, chic, and enjoyable. The Penthouse Lounge is small, but very understated, quiet, and elegant in its own rite. The Chopra Center, which is open by the way, is delightful and renewing. The lobby decor is somewhat impressive and eclectic; front desk help is adequate. The Concierge desk (when available) could use some help. However, overall, we would visit Dream again.	
Dec 21 2005	An Overall great 5 day stay.	My wife and I just stayed at Dream a few weeks back and had a great stay. We booked a medium room and then checked rates 4 days prior to travel and ended up gettind an Extra Large room for $35 less. Rates seem to drop down whhen they are trying to book short term rooms 4 or 5 days in advance. Everyone downstairs was helpful minus the grumpy Russian working the front desk. A lot of people complain about the room size of the small room, but that is standard for NY. Just pull the re-book trip prior to traveling and you can get a decent room for a good price. If you plan on going to bed early request a room on the 11th floor or below since the club on the 14th floor seems to go until 2:00AM. Serafina has great food for lunch and dinner but the service was a little slow. Hit the bar up on Thursday or Friday and you will find a pretty good group of people to hamg out with. If you are of the &quot;Oldser set&quot; or are more into the Ritz vibe this is not the place for you.	
Nov 27 2005	Great experience!	Intially, I had my reservations about booking this hotel after reading some of the reviews, but I must admit, I am glad I made the decision to stay here over Thanksgiving weekend. We arrived at the hotel after a very short cab ride from Penn Station to a well-lit and bustling entrance. After entering the hotel, I knew I made the right decision from the 2 story saltwater fish tank to the friendly front desk and bellhops! No problems with check-in....took all of 1 minute! There was some anticipation after getting off the elevator because I was expecting to be sleeping in a shoebox...yes, the room was a bit small, but sufficient for me, my girlfriend, and HER luggage!! My only knock on the room is that the down comforter and sheets were like sleeping on paper and everytime I moved it sounded like someone was balling up paper...but I slept fine! And the bathroom was perfectly clean! You have a choice of 2 bars and a restaurant in the hotel...but you're in NY...who wants to stay in...explore! And explore you will because you 4 blocks away from Times Square...close to plenty of restaurants, bars, and shows! If you want to be close to Times Square, have a comfortable, relaxing spot to reset after a long day on the town, and don't want to spend an extra 200.00 to be 4 blocks down at the Marriott or W...trust me, you won't be disappointed!! I wouldnt recommend that my mother and father stay here, but a weekend getaway in you're in your 20-30s for sure!	
Nov 13 2005 	More of a nightmare than a dream	This was one of the worst experiences ever. Our room, which was billed as a non smoking suite at $499 a night, was directly beneath the club on the 14th floor and the noise and the music came right through the floor with extreme bass. Called desk at 11:30 p.m. was assured the music ended at 1 a.m., at 2:15 a.m. the music was still going strong. At 2:15 when I called they said to go to the front dest first thing in the morning and they would gladly change our room. Went to the front desk first thing in the morning and we were assured we would be given another comparable room, was told to pack our bags enjoy our day and pick up our keys when we came back. Returned at 4 p.m. ready to shower and change for dinner and our room had not been changed. Sent us back to our room, as soon as we reached our room they called us. sent us to our new room which was very small, but was considered a suite for the same price. The TV which is anchored to the wall was around the corner, and could not be seen from the bed and was on the smoking floor. Was told this was the only room available. The only other option was to go back to our original room, but since it was a Friday night did not want to take a chance. So we called another hotel and checked out. We were given a half price rate for the evening we stayed. Just as a side note the concierge was very rude and almost seemed annoyed we were asking him questions. And the heating system was very noisey and rattled most of the time we were there.	
Nov 3 2005	thanks for a wonderful weekend!	I would like to thank Dream Hotel for one of the most amazing weekends I've had in a long time! I knew I chose the hotel right when I arrived. The front desk staff and bellmen couldn't have been nicer. And the room! The website pictures didn't do it justice. From the flat screen tv to the incredibley comfortable bed, it was more than I could have hoped for. The concierege was a huge help. He got us tickets to a Broadway show and reservations for a restaurant that is almost impossible to get into. We loved our meal at the hotel's restaurant, Serafina. Their pizza and pasta were delicious and they had a great wine selection.The location was perfect as well. We were able to walk to the theatre at night and Central Park during the day.My weekend was truly a &quot;Dream&quot; come true!	
Oct 29 2005	Pleasant Stay	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Dream Hotel and I will have to say that I had a pleasant experience. Aside from the room being extremely small (we were already aware of that), it was clean, the staff were very helpful and friendly, the location was awesome (right in the heart of midtown near Times Square). The bed was OUT OF THIS WORLD! I have never felt more comfortable in a hotel bed EVER! I would definitely recommend staying at this hotel.. the next time, we definitely want to upgrade for more space.	
Oct 27 2005	Don't stay at the Dream Hotel	I am so glad I wasn't the one who had to pay for my stay at The Dream Hotel. I am sorry anyone did. What a complete rip. The rooms were teeny tiny (I had a king room at $400 a night)lacking any charm or warmth, the service and staff were rude, my air conditioner didn't work (despite 3 requests to the front desk to fix). My television turned itself on two nights in a row (remote control was on the nightstand). I don't know who this hotel might appeal to--possibly teenagers or posers in their 20's. Ultraviolet lights under the bed and in the white contemporary desk (everything in the room is stark cold white) is just a little freaky when you have had a long hard day in NYC. It took several minutes to figure out how to get all of these goofy lights off and just regular lights on. The lobby is tight and laid out very poorly with stupid columns and a tube aquarim completely in the way. The location is good. Oh also, encouraged reading is The Book of Buddha in the bedside table instead of the traditional Bible. Call me old fashioned.I would never ever even contemplate staying here again--even in a pinch.	
Oct 27 2005 	Please do not stay at the nightmare!	I stayed at The Dream two weeks ago (mid October 2005) and it was dreadful - none of the gadgets worked in the room [although they advertise &quot;the latest in technological delights&quot;] , room service was a nasty adventure in food poisoning and to top it off -&gt; often sewage would come out of the taps when I turned them on. On the latter, maintenance would show up every time to fix the issue and cite the rain as the problem and I thought yeah right - I live in London, England and this does not happen there where it really rains! Management seems to think citing that they are a boutique hotel will gloss over all these issues. They are also at great pains to state that serafina room service is only contracted to the hotel and not part of it - i.e. they do not take responsibility at all for this department. The Chopra Centre is not open still and looks likely to not at all! All in all a really bad experience. Please do not stay there. Belinda	
Oct 25 2005	Dream Hotel --- STAY AWAY!	I am a Boston area travel agent --- and made the mistake of booking for separate clients into the poor excuse of a hotel..... dirty rooms, poor service, bard closed most of the time, etc --- worth about a 1/2 star on the hotel booking system.... you can be sure I will spread the word about they way this place treats customers at the next IATA conference.....Yikes!	
Oct 17 2005	Dream was a dream!	Just got back from one night at the Dream and I too was skeptical of staying there after reading the reviews. Our stay was very enjoybale, no complaints! Yes, the rooms are small but that is true in general in New York city. The room was clean, the staff pleasant, the decor very chic and the beds comfy!	
Oct 13 2005	Our night was a dream	After reading many of the reviews I worried about staying at The Dream. I had friends coming in from out of town and I needed a good midtown location but did not want to stay at a typical chain hotel, I wanted to stay at a trendy &quot;New York&quot; hotel. I had reservations about The Dream being too small, to trendy or to pretentious - I found none of these to be a concern. The staff was very friendly and helpful and the hotel was a pleasant surprise (as a matter of fact we never left the hotel at night because we had so much fun at the lobby lounge and Ava). I booked a medium room and also a extra large room. The medium room was just a bit on the small side but had all the ammenties you would want for a short stay in NY (I have stayed in much smaller rooms in NYC). If you are staying more than 3 days the extra-large King would be well worth the extra money. The X-large King room was great - and had a huge bathroom with a very cool tub/shower combo!!! Many of the reviews stated that the beds were very comfortable - This has never been a big concern of mine but after staying at the Dream it will be a a huge factor for me - These beds were unbelieveable! I agree that Hautel Couture is not for everybody but if you are looking for a fun unique hotel to stay at this hotel is perfect - I will definately be back.	
Oct 10 2005	Disgraceful to the New York Boutique hotels!!	Absolutely horrible!!! I rated this hotel a one on a scale of five, but that's only because there was no rating of zero option!!! My girlfriend and I stayed at the Dream Hotel for two days this past weekend. First I'll start with some of the very few positives. The bed was extremely comfortable and the turndown service was excellent. Now for the bad. The room we booked was a &quot;large room with a king size bed,&quot; I would love to there version of a small room if they consider this a large room. Closet and bathroom were outragously small. The flat screen television was outdated and only worked half the time. Booked room on their wbsite which I noticed didn't have very many pics of the entire room, just little deceiving pics of a desk or chair. They obviously aren't proud of the rooms themselves. We checked our bags after we checked out to walk around Time Square before our flight and when we cam back they had no idea where our bags were or who took them. They were running around for 15 minutes looking for our luggage before they found it. I have stayed at many of the top boutique hotels in NYC, from the Parker Meridien to the Plaza before it closed, and I have to say this was the biggest disappointment of them all!! If you like small rooms, bathrooms, and closets with a high price tag, than this is your place.	
Oct 6 2005 	The Dream is a Nightmare	Hip and trippy lobby leads to rooms smaller than an inside cabin on the lowest deck of any cheap cruise line. I've seen small, crampped rooms in NY, but this beats them all. No closet space, no room for even a chair, a glass &quot;bench&quot; for a desk, a bathroom so small you have to reach across the room for the toilet paper,noisy AC, bad service, a view of a concrete wall 2 feet from the window,the only thing positive I can say is that the public areas are &quot;interesting&quot;. I'd stay in New Jersey before having to stay there again!	
Sep 21 2005 	A Big Apple Success	Over the last three years involving about 10 trips to New York City, I have stayed at a different hotel each time, from the large well known chains to smaller &quot;boutique type&quot; hotels.I would categorize this hotel as &quot;trendy&quot; along the lines of a &quot;W&quot;.This is a hotel in a great location with people who are trying hard to please guests and do a good job. Check-in was quick.I booked a &quot;larger room&quot; with a window towards a central courtyard (not a street window). It was the most quiet stay I have ever had in a New York hotel (never heard a siren or street noise.). At check-in there were no wash clothes or drinking glasses in the room but when requested, were promptly provided. (Though no new wash clothes were ever delivered for replacements of those used.) (The elevator had one of those video screens playing different scenes - on one occassion had pictures of naked bodies of both genders (not in a sexually suggestive way - more in an artistic way) which seemed to embarass one of my &quot;elevator mates&quot; - I thought it was great and I commend the hotel for the &quot;avant garde&quot; approach !) Roof top bar, on a warm September evening, on a Sunday was not crowded, but the views and the ambiance were just great. It is a must see.Would definitely stay there again. I found the related restaurant just fair as coffee and a latte, on two different breakfasts served nearly cold each time (including refills). (Servers were attentive however).	
Sep 13 2005	Haute couture boutique hotel not for everyone	Recommended for: 20 to 30 somethings, singles, couples, small group of friends, Europeans and AsiansNot recommended for: families, 50 and up singles/couples, big groups What to like: VERY comfortable beds, Molton Brown toiletries, flat-panel tv, helpful concierge, eclectic-looking lobby, Ava rooftop lounge (the outdoor section), decent Itallian restaurant next door, convenience (Applejack diner to the left, Starbucks to the left and right) and the location--walking distance to 5th Avenue shops, Central Park, Times Square.What not to like: small rooms, sound of slamming doors across or next to room, limited TV channel selection, hotel already getting worned out	
Sep 3 2005 	A little disappointed....	I was in NYC for software training in which the training facility mentioned three hotels that offered discounts to students...Dream being one of them, I decided to give it a try because it seem to offer something a little more &quot;different&quot; than most hotels in NYC. I must admit that although I checked with TripAdvisor first and saw the bad reviews, I decided that sometimes people DO exaggerate and that I would like to see for myself...Well...First and foremost, before I go into the review, I must say that I applaud the effort they are making in putting together a different looking type of hotel and their attempt of making it a &quot;dream.&quot; The theme of the hotel is really nice and I do like some of the amenities they offer that most hotels do not (Flat screen plasma TV's, Bose stereos).BUT...unless you stay in the suites, the rooms are far too SMALL (especially for a six-day stay). So after the initial shock of the size of my room (although I was told that I was in a &quot;large&quot; room - it certainly wasn't the large that I'm used to), I found it to be clean and cute. In an effort to try and make up for the &quot;lack of space&quot; I decided to take advantage of the other amenities they boast about like the fully loaded IPOD and a DVD player so I can watch movies or listen to music. I was told that there wasn't an IPOD available as of yet and that I would be put on a list (which I eventually got the same day). They also went on to say that there would be a $400 hold placed on my credit card for the IPOD and a $200 hold for the DVD player. Wow, so much for amenities being included in your stay! All I wanted was to try to get as comfortable as possible for my six day stay so I agreed to it all....no big deal.On day three, after spending some time with relatives and returning to my room alone around 11:00pm, I got off the tiny elevator and walked down the dark hallway towards my room to find my door open! I immediately thought that I was being robbed. I began to check the closet, under the bed, and in the bathtub to make sure no one was in the room. This was a little frightening to say the least. It appears that when housekeeping was doing the evening &quot;turndown&quot; they accidently left my door open (which I found suspect because the doors are heavy and always slam close). I called down to the desk to make them aware of the situation. They apologized and asked if I wanted the key changed!? What difference would that make if housekeeping left it open in the first place! Did I mention that I had a laptop out on my desk that could have gotten stolen? Thank goodness that I had it locked to the table with a security cable. They asked me if I wanted to move to another room. I told them that it was late and I didn't feel like packing again to move, so I would let them know in the AM.The next day I decided that after that serious mishap I would call the Manager and demand an upgrade or leave the hotel. They cooperated and gave me a really nice suite (my girlfriend reported to me however, that they were working on a suite across the hall in the mornings, which caused a little but of a nuisance for her in the AM). It was quiet at night though, thank goodness and we especially enjoyed the bathroom in the suite because of the large jacuzzi/shower. The hotel is pretty new and is still under construction, so I imagine that it's pretty noisy during the day.One small note on the location - I didn't particularly care for the location (55th Street, between 7th and B'Way). I found that everytime I went out, I hated to walk back to the hotel through 7th avenue because of the smell of garbage amongst other things, so I always went back to the hotel through the Broadway side. Overall, we had a decent time and the upgrade to the suite was definitely a bonus. The staff was very accommodating and pretty much fulfilled all of my needs, but I honestly don't know if I would pay my own money to stay there again (my stay was company paid). The hotel is small but pretty (small elevators, small dark hallways and ofcourse the rooms - unless it's a suite), so if you want to try something new and different and don't mind small rooms, this is the place for you. If you can afford a suite, I'd recommend it, but if not, I'd probably stay at one of the more reliable Sheraton or Marriott hotels. Of course it won't be as pretty, but it's more secure and the rooms are bigger for the price.	
Aug 25 2005	Hotel Charged Credit Card After Cancellation	After reading some terrible reviews of this hotel (blood on the sheets?!), my boyfriend and I decided not to stay there. We called and cancelled our reservation well before the cutoff period (which is 24 hours in advance) but were charged anyway! We called to tell the hotel staff of their mistake and was told that while they are sorry for the inconvenience, they won't credit our credit card. I guess their policies aren't set in stone - at least not when they benefit the customers.	
Aug 25 2005	Thieves at Dream Hotel	I cancelled my reservation at the Dream Hotel but still got charged for a night. I contacted the hotel management but was told that since their staff failed to provide me with a cancellation number, I would be responsible for the room. This is quite disturbing since it is the hotel that failed to follow its own procedure but elected to penalize me for their mistake. Worst hotel experience I've ever had. And I didn't even stay there.	
Aug 22 2005	Not worth your money	I was really excited about visiting this hotel. I spent over 2 months planning a trip to New York with my girlfriend, and after reading about the 4 start hotel, seeing the reviews (good and bad) it didn't phase me because it was a great deal and &quot;sounded&quot; like it was an experience in itself. I was wrong. If you plan on never being in the hotel, then it is livable for a couple of days. The rooms are literally about as big as my college dorm room. I am not being sarcastic. There is just enough room for a bed, a small desk and the two night stands. Me and my girlfriend had to turn sideways to walk past each other to get things from our luggage. I also had no window. What's up with that? I had a fake window that was covered by a piece of paper that looks like a decoration behind a fish tank, and that had rips all down it, also. They also make a big deal about their egyptian cotten sheets and the bed. Well, the bed is no different than any other; It just has a pillow top lining on it to make the bed softer. Like the previous review, we also had an airconditoner leak. It didn't bother us, but it made the room smell wet. The funny part of the room is we had a full length mirror, but the room was so small, and the mirror was in such a weird place in the room that it felt like a circus mirror to squat and see yourself. The staff was nice, every night they turn down your bed and put an apple or orange on your pillow. But, there was a private party upstairs at their bar all weekend. Even the guests couldn't get in. I thought that was pretty crappy that the guests had no right to go to the bar at a hotel that we paid for. I have been to New York several times and stayed in hotels from the Waldorf to the Hilton to the Holiday Inn and now Dream. This hotel was a let down. Like I said, if you plan on being outside touring the city, these things don't bother you and you can enjoy the extra savings of a hotel in a great location. BUT, I WOULD HIGHLY RECCOMMED SPENDING THE EXTRA $50 A NIGHT ON A DIFFERENT HOTEL like the Hilton. The Dream HOtel is not worth your money. If you plan on romancing your wife/husband then you will be highly dissappointed in this hotel.	
Aug 22 2005	Neither Pleasant nor Unpleasant	We originally booked this hotel because we liked the decor/look on the website. On the plus side, the beds were very comfortable and more like something you would have at home; the hotel staff was friendly and efficient; the bathrooms were very nice; and the TV was a great amenity. On the negative side, the website advertises that all rooms are equipped with Bose speakers and iPods may be rented. We brought our own iPod but were still expected to put down a $400 deposit to rent the cable to plug into the speakers. After being in the room for about an hour, we were interrupted by hotel staff who insisted on cleaning the glass in our room so he &quot;wouldn't have to do it tomorrow&quot;. The elevators were slower than death and Penthouse guests were ushered in front of other guests waiting for the elevator. The concierge seemed about as lost as we were when confronted about which train to take downtown. All in all, it was neither a pleasant nor unpleasant experience, but in the future when paying $300/night, I will definitely opt for a &quot;safer&quot; hotel.	
Aug 17 2005	Please Read! Cannot Imagine A Hotel Worse Than This	After reading several bad reviews, I decided to give Dream a try anyway. It sounded and looked great on the website, and when I called to make a reservation, they were very accomodating and easy to deal with. Please trust me on this one...This hotel was worse than you could ever imagine. Upon arrival we learned that a private party was being held on site so the bar was not open to other hotel guests. Since no one had mentioned this to us, we had planned on staying at the hotel for dinner and drinks, so this was a big disappointment. Once in our room we noticed that our air conditioner was leaking. We called to let the front desk know. We also asked for ice as well as the ipod and dvd player when we called about the air conditioner. We were told that it would be about a half hour so we decided to leave the hotel for dinner. We stopped and bought dvds on the way home to watch in the room. When we got back 3 hours later, our air was still leaking and there was no sign of a dvd player or ice in the room. I called the front desk and they told me that they ran out of ipods, the dvd wires were too short to fit from our tv to the outlet, and that they came to give us ice but no one answered the door. They offered to pay me $60 for the money i spent on dvds, however after all of that, we decided we didnt want to stay in that horrible room (small, leaking a.c., no movies). The only good thing i have to say is that when we told them we were going to leave for all of the above reasons, they did refund us in full for the night. Please go somewhere else! We went to the Sheraton in times square which was 100 times better!	
Aug 17 2005	Careful!	We made a reservation for 35 for our after wedding party at the Ava Lounge on the rooftop of the Dream Hotel, and a room for the newly married couple for the night. Arriving at 11:30 pm, the reservation time, guests were advised that there was table space for 7 and standing room for the remainder of our guests. The age in our party was from 20-90, many from overseas and out of town. The manager on duty told us that was the best they could do, and that was the way they handled reservations. Their method of &quot;handling &quot;reservations was not disclosed at the time of booking, and had it been, it would have been obvious that this was not the best choice for this group. No amount of discussion by the Bride and attempted reasoning could exact a solution. Guests left during the process when it became apparent there was not room for our reservation in the Ava Lounge. So----there was no after wedding party, and it ended on a rather upsetting note. We were directed to the lobby lounge, which some guests used, but it was not the rooftop lounge reserved.We requested drink comps,and were refused. The Dream Hotel did Comp the hotel room for the night for the wedding couple. Not a reccommended venue!	
Aug 13 2005	Really really nice!!!	Recently stayed at dream hotel for ten nights! After all the reviews we were expecting the worst but once we got there we were pleasantly surprised. We upgraded to a bigger room before we even got there for $39 dollars extra/night as everyone had talked about the tiny size of room. The room was big, clean, comfortable - absolutelty no complaints. Good location, friendly staff....absolutely no complaints! Have stayed at hudson, W Hotel and Sheraton Manhattan and this was definetely up there with them.	
Aug 8 2005	Dream was a great hotel	We just got back from spending a night in New York at the Dream Hotel. I was very concerned before we arrived because of the negative comments I had read. In fact, it was great. We reserved a medium room, which was totally comfortable for my husband and I. The bed was one of the most comfortable we have ever slept on a hotel. The bathroom was fine. The room was quiet and the black out shades made it pitch black so that we could sleep late. The front desk staff was very helpful, including telling us where we could find a garage right across the street that was much cheaper than using the hotel valet service. We did get an ipod as well as two drink vouchers that we used in the hotel bar. We will stay at the Dream again the next time we are in New York, especially because it is a very easy walk to the theatre district.	
Jul 22 2005	Loved it!	My fiance and I loved this hotel. The bellmen and front desk were extremely nice and courteous. We loved the decor of the hotel and our room (which was small, but it's NYC, what do you expect?). Great in-room amenities. Will definitely stay there again.	
Jul 22 2005 	One Absolute Reason I'd never Go Back	The hotel wasn'st so bad. Even if I totally overpaid for the tiny standatd room because I booked it last minute.The staff was friendly. Check in was super fast. I was shown to my room within 10 min, but again, I checked in around midnight. Staff seemed short handed. Whenever I called front desk or concerige, I was put on hold for quite a while. The room was tiny, but no surprise I was warned. The thing I could not understand about the room deco was that why they would put such a huge desk and drawer in such a tiny room. Oversized desk and drawer took half space of the room. The bed taking the other half of the space, you really have to struggle a little nevigating around the room without bumping into the furnitures. They could have utilized the space a lot more with adquately sized desk and slimer/shallower drawer. And what is with the freaky neon light in the desk? There is the blue neon light and it bugged the hell out of me I kept turning it off. But the maid kept turning it back on everyday, sometimes twice a day. Later I gave up and lived with the light. Plasma TV meant nothing to me as no one sits around and watches TV in a hotel in NY. When I have infinite choices of flicks from grimiest Indie to the chic-est retro in NY, why pay for a generic movie in a hotel? Besides, you should go out at night. No time to watch TV. The good things,Excellent location. Well, I would have prefered down town, but those boutique hotels are not very affordable and this one is right by F/ NR/ 1,9 train the most convenient location for transportation.The room and the bathroom was very clean. The linnen was crisp with down comforter. The fruit thing with weather forecast was very cute and helpful. Bathroom is average but clean and well equiped. There is magazine holder in front of the toillett and magnifying mirror, towels were good. I didn't bring any toillettery checking in the boutique hotel, And was quite happy to find the Molton Brown ones. It made all the other problems go away but one.The absolute reason I would never go back there.There is no full length mirror! Come- oooooon! How coudl you call yourself a boutique hotel without a full length mirror! People who chooses boutique hotel are more conscious of their looks than others. How could anyone leave out such important detail. Never mention boutique hotel, I've never been in a hotel without a full length mirror. For the 5 days there, I had no idea what I looked like. Whether my heels matched my jeans or the new pair of jeans would go with the top I brought, etc, etc. It's a crime really. I was furious. I would have gotten the hell out of there the next day and move to another only if I didn't pay the whole 5 days in advance with Expedia, in non refundable terms. I chose to be a little mismatched than blow 1300$. So, I am not impressed with Expedia either. For this reason, I would never ever go back to that imposter boutique hotel. And even though, I can't imagine who, only the people who can live without a full length mirror should go there.	
Jul 18 2005	Over Rated	This hotel is just not ready for prime time. After booking and confirming a &quot;large king&quot; sized room, I was nonetheless, placed in a tiny tiny room with a twin bed. I had to call downstairs to complain before being quickly placed in the proper &quot;paid for&quot; larger size room. The excuse I got was that Hotels had forwarded them the reservation as a &quot;standard&quot; room. This was obviously a not true, as Hotels had sent me multiple emails to various places all listing the room as a &quot;large king&quot;. In New York, you need to speak up to get what you've paid for, but when you spend $300 a night you should not have too. Had I been passive, I would have spent the night in a tiny box.The hallways are way too dark, narrow and hot. Was I in a nightclub or a hotel hallway? The smallest hallways I have ever seen. No air conditioning could be felt on the floors, other than the lobby. The air conditioning unit in my room was on occasion, so loud, that it kept my wife awake. Plasma TV's are cool, but with only a handful of channels, no premium channels and no in-room movie purchases available, the Plasma wasn't a big deal. Like a Mercedes without wheels. No coffee makers in the room. Room service was inadequate. My wife ordered a large pot of coffee, and they only sent up one cup. Then the muffins came without any butter, jams or jellies. No one asked &quot;For how many&quot; room service was being ordered.The bathroom showed no style, in fact, bland is the first word that comes to mind.For the price paid, you can better at other hotels in New York.	
Jul 17 2005	we'll definantly stay here again	we stayed at the Dream for 5 nights and after reading bad reviews i was rather worried about staying there, but i had nothing to worry about. Upon arriving the staff were very polite and we were shown to our room straight away. Although the room was small it was big enough for the two of us to sleep in and there was enough space for us to hang our clothes, the room was fully decorated and was very modern. The bathroom was a decent size and was stocked full of towels and molten brown toiletries. Although the ipod was not in the room we still had the plasma tv with all the channels to watch in the nights. We enjoyed our stay at the Dream and would definantly stay there again.	
Jul 8 2005	Great hotel	My husband and I stayed at the dream and found it to be a great experience. Before we arrived we were dreading our stay, this was because of some of the reviews on this site. Our room was small, modern and very nice. The room was kept clean and a pieces of fruit was placed on our pillows every night with the weather prediction for the next day. We never waited more than 30 seconds for a lift and the fish tank in the reception is amazing.  The only down side was there was no Ipod in the room and when I requested one I was told they were all out . Beware of the airport shuttle service the concierge arranges for you, we booked our ride the night before, the ride failed to show and they didn’t bother to ring and let the concierge know they were not coming, so what should have cost 40 dollars ended up costing us 70 dollars as we ended up taking a private taxi to the airport. Apart from this, we had a great time and we will definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Jul 8 2005	Absolute Nightmare	My boyfriend and i decided to stay at Dream Hotel because it was newly renovated, regardless of the bad reviews. As soon as we arrived, Dream quickly turned into an &quot;Absolute Nightmare&quot;. There was no bellman at the door to help us with our luggages and the hotel front desk staffs were unfriendly and were not very accomidating. We had to wait for 3 hrs to check into a &quot;Tiny&quot; room and soon we found a &quot;huge&quot; roach in our room. Then, they moved us to a second room where we found a blood stain on the white bed comforter. We demanded to speak to a manager who was not on site at the time (1 pm) and we had to wait around for awhile. They finally moved us to a suite which was great but not worth the troubles that we had encountered. Even if the hotel staffs (front desk) were nice and accomidated, the room is not worth the price. The room is tiny, the bathroom is also tiny and the decoration is not impressive even with the &quot;cheap&quot; plasma TV. However, the bed is very comfortable and the location is great. But, you can get a better deal plus free breakfast at the Libary Hotel or The Mansfield Hotel and with a little more money, The Royalton is absolutely the dream hotel!!!	
Jul 7 2005	Great for a weekend in the City!	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Dream in May after finding great rates on Hotels. The lobby was very cool and the rooms, although small, were clean and had a very modern feel. The location was close to everything! The only disappointment was that the rooftop bar wasn't open yet. Otherwise- it made for a great weekend!	
Jul 6 2005	this hotel DREAMs of ripping you off.	I stayed at DREAM for one night, and it was by far the worst purchase I ever made in NYC. The room was not completed finished. Carpet was missing in some areas of the room. The pre-loaded iPod with speakers (which the hotel boasts is available in all rooms) was not available. The hallways were not air-conditioned and had a rather foul odor. The rooftop bar, Ava, was not open. Neither was the fitness center. The front desk did not seem motivated to help in any way whatsoever. The shower in the bathroom did not have hot water. To sum it up, your money is better spent at an established hotel in the same category such as the W Hotel chain.	
Jun 27 2005	The Little Room that Could -	I accompanied my husband on a business trip and so we checked into a room facing 55th street that had a king-size bed. Yes, the square footage is relatively small, BUT, the design of the room is well thought out with some nice points that we really appreciated. The window had two shades, one for blocking out light and the second opaque for privacy - and the window can be opened. The plasma tv installation does save space. In place of the headboard is a 7-foot square of upholstered plether - very comfortable for sitting in bed. The bed itself is solid and the sheets, etc. of very good quality. There is a desk/vanity that has a glass top so that you can't lose your items in the drawer. The bathroom is nicely designed with the details of a toilet paper dispenser opposite the commode - no twisting for paper! There is an excellent magnifying mirror that is set above the sink, not on the side. I am saving the best for last - someone extraordinary did the lighting. There are recessing lights in the ceiling with a dimmer switch. The closet has a light. There are two full sized architectural light fixtures on either side of the bed for excellent reading lighting. Underneath the bed is a long neon tube attached by brackets. Flip a switch next to the bed and a soft purplish/blue light is cast around the perimeter of the room at about 10 inches above the ground. It doesn't annoy you - more like settling into the glow of an aquarium. It is the ultimate night light - perhaps, you are like me and worry that getting up in the middle of the night, you may be disoriented and trip into something. This light eliminates that worry. This is not a hotel for families - it's a nice hotel for individuals and couples who want to stay in midtown.	
Jun 21 2005	Don't stay here!	The hotel was awful! We had a leaky air conditioner and were asked to stay in that room, instead of moving to another room. We had to wait 30-40 minutes for our bags to come up to our room and were lied to about the location of our bags. The rooms are very small...We had a queen size bed in a 185 square foot room and that was considered a medium room!! The DREAM website was also very misleading (the square feet of our room is equivalent to a small room, but because they could fit a queen size bed in there, it was considered a medium room)! I will NEVER stay there again and would not recommend this hotel to anyone. We were supposed to stay there for 6 days, but checked out after two days and went to a different hotel. We tried to give it a chance, but it was just too awful.	
Jun 20 2005	False Advertising AVOID!!! RUDE !!!	On their website they advertise a medium room as 235 sq ft, 42&quot; plasma tv, and queen bed. Be aware, however, that once you get there you could get a room as small as 185 sq ft and that is considered a &quot;medium&quot; room as long as there is a queen bed. That is what happened to us. VERY SMALL room, Rude front desk people!! Very poor service and amateur appearing remodeling. It is relatively cheap, but you get what you pay for. I absolutely would not stay there. I cancelled my last 4 of 5 nights because it was intolerable. They should not advertise what they do not provide. It is also a very small hotel (12 floors) so no view is possible.	
Jun 20 2005	Excellent hotel	My boyfriend and I stayed in this hotel for 2 nights in June 05. The room was small but nice and modern. Unfortuantely we had a view of a brick wall but it wasn't too much of a problem. The huge plasma TVs in the rooms are lovely and there is a very impressive fish tank in the lobby. The elevators are a bit slow but they get there eventually. There was a nice bellman named Edwin who was very friendly and helpful and recommended a great Chinese restaurant to us. There was also a very helpful concierge who very kindly rang the airport to arrange our pickup car for us, as we could not get the phone in the hotel room to work, and he even rang back to change the booking when we realised we had got the wrong flight time. All in all it was a very good hotel and I would stay there again.	
Jun 6 2005	Nightmare	Truly the worst hotel experience I have ever had. The hotel is trying way too hard to be cool - it doesn't work. It was so loud (from doors slamming all night) that I didn't sleep for two days. Mysterious black grease on the door got all over my clothes. Went to call security at 4am after listening to kids run up and down the hall all night and the phone was dead. How's that for safety? Takes forever to get an elevator too. Skip this one unless you're an insomniac that likes to listen to other people's music thumping through the walls.	
Jun 2 2005	Fun to Dream	I recently spent two nights with my husband at Dream. Our friends made our orignial reservation and booked 2 double beds. My husband, a 275lbs. linebacker is not one to share a double bed with! We tried to change or cancel the reservation by phone and were unsuccessful. When we arrived at the hotel we eventually spoke to the GM and got a great room. It was in the back of the corridor and was quiet. We kept wanting to wake up early and never woke up before 9am! As far as NYC hotels go this one was clean and while not spacious by normal standards, a nice size for NYC. The decor is chic and fun. There's a fish tank that is two stories high and nice lounges on the first and top floors. They are opening a spa soon which should add a lot as well. Our friends stayed across the street in a dump and there's no comparison! We had a terrific bellman named Edwin who helped in every way he could and was enthusiastic and really friendly. The pretension of some of the staff was just kinda funny since you scratch the surface and there's not much there. (i.e. the concierge who couldn't spell Westchester)We spent our last night at the W on Lexington and the room was much smaller and had lots of other small problems. I'd definitely stay at Dream again, although I'd probably still look around before I did.	
May 31 2005	Overpriced hotel	We got to the hotel about 2 pm and dropped our luggage off in our room. We came back to the hotel room around 11:30 pm and our closet of a room had no air conditioning (May 28, 2005). The staff did transfer us to another room, but it was inconvenient. The room was an upgrade, but still small. The toilet leaked, but the bed was comfortable. All the TVs in the rooms are flat screen TVs. The hotel restaurant had good food, but overpriced, like their rooms. The staff of the hotel shouldn't have been in customer service, they were not very friendly. I was a little disappointed that we had to pay to keep our car there, the price should have been included with the room or complimentary.	
May 27 2005	Avoid this nightmare	We stayed at Dream for four nights in May. Very disappointed. The room was so small that we kept bumping our legs on the corners of the bed when trying to walk by. There are only two lifts, so you have to wait each time when going to or coming from the room. There was no evidence of ipods in the room or indeed of the promised Deepak Chopra spa. The hotel gym is not in the hotel at all but they allow you access to a gym down the road. There was no complimentary breakfast as had been advertised and breakfast at Serafina was a complete rip off. The roof top bar was too loud and full of drunk, suited city boys and on our last night the firealarm was set off by someone who got stuck in the lift. We had to evacuate the hotel with no reassurance from staff about what was going on. Instead a surly bouncer told us to go back to our room. Not recommended at all.	
May 27 2005 	Worth checking out	I stayed at the dream for one night on a business trip. Found the room to be very comfy and clean. Restaurant on site is good for dinner however pretty busy. Breakfast service could have been a bit more attentive. Like all new properties it's worth checking out becasue everything is new, up to date and very clean. Plasma tv in the room was a nice touch. Front desk staff was very accomadating on all requests including 2:30 checkout to allow for a conference call. Room was booked through quikbook. Found it nicer than the Time, Paramount but not as nice as the Muse.	
May 25 2005	A place to avoid	Well, it is not &quot;terrible&quot;, but it is far from being &quot;Okay&quot; either. We were prepared for a small room, but expected, justifiably so for the price, I believe, that the tininess of the space would be compensated by a modicum of luxury. Instead, you are crammed intio a white cubicle, with not even a picture on the wall. The only &quot;luxury&quot; is the flat panel TV, mounted in an exceptionally tasteless and impractical way. Incidentally, it didn't work, took a call to mintenance to get it fixed (20 minutes). A doorless closet, with not enough room even for what we brought along for a two-day stay. A third-rate bathroom, with a plastic shower curtain, no counter space. 10 minute wait for hot water. A sliding door between the bathroom and the bedroom would have helped to avoid thye necessity to carefully plan all movements in the room prior to opening the bathroom door.The bed is comfortable, but the reading lights are awful. Most irritatingly, the window shade is useless, you are waken up at dawn by light pouring into the room.No coffee maker. A request for one elicited the suggestion that we order a cup of coffee (or tea) from room service ($ 7.00 a cup).Apart from the ridiculously pretentious decor in the corridors, the level of accommodation is that of a $ 50.- airport motel, whre the airlines put you up when your flight is cancelled and you are travelling coach.The service personnel were slightly haughty, but professional and polite.	
May 9 2005	Dream? More like nightmare	I came to Dream expecting great things, due to an excellent web site (Nice one, Sri), but I was immediately disappointed by the &quot;don't give a damn&quot; attitude of the majority of staff and the tackiness of the lobby. I understand that it is meant to have an Indian feel to it, but in my opinion it just appears all too tacky.The room was small, even by NYC standards, with extremely limited clothes space and no room to store empty luggage. No pay-on-demand movies and no CD player. I requested an IPod, which room service eventually delivered, but no calbles in order to play it thru the Bose radio.The service at breakfast the first morning was bad to say the least, The service in both the lobby and penthouse bars was rude and unprofessional (you cannot charge drinks to your room!!!). We checked out early and went to stay at the Royalton and enjoyed wonderful service and attention.... I suggest that you do the same, as Dream is an experience you definitely do not need to repeat.	
Apr 29 2005	It's All About Design	This hotel is all about design. It's what you might expect to find at a hip hotel in Milan. The staff was friendly and dressed in designer French/60s uniforms. The large column in the hotel lobby that doubles as an exotic fish tank, the eclectic furniture, the current music that emanates from speakers in the lobby, and a very attractive clientele, provides a very chic atmosphere. The hotel is well located if you plan to take in some Broadway shows, visit Central Park and check out local museums. As others have said, the beds are quite comfortable, feather-bed-types, with nice linens. Oranges on the pillow cases made for an atypical turn-down experience. On the down side, I paid $319 for a &quot;large&quot; room, which I would say would be quivalent to a small room at most hotels. I can only imagine how small the &quot;standard&quot; rooms must be at the Dream. If the room rate were in the mid-$200s, this hotel would have been a good value. In the high $200s, low $300s, there are many other hotels in mid-town Manhattan that are probably a better value, but with a more traditional atmosphere. The Carlyle (a block away) and the Helmsley Carlton House (on Madison Avenue across the street from Barney's and near all the other high-end shopping) come to mind.	
Apr 25 2005 	This Dream keeps getting better	This is my second trip to the Dream and while my first stay was enjoyable, my latest experience was fantastic. It seems that they have worked out all of the opening kinks and are now on track to deliver a fantastic guest experience. Once the Chopra Center opens in September, I will definatly make a return trip!	
Apr 21 2005	Underated!	After reading the reviews, I was very skeptical about booking this hotel. I was pleasantly surprised by the clean rooms, and ultra modern decor. The 42 inch plasma TV is great and they use the highest quality bathroom products. The price is great for NYC, especially considering how great the location is. But do not book the small room...it is very very small.	
Apr 17 2005	Great Experience	Just got back from a wonderful trip to NY. I go twice a year, and try to stay at new places each time. Was nervous about this renovated hotel, but it intrigued me, so I gave it a shot. I dealt solely with one of the front desk staff throughout my stay. If you can, try to get her to take care of you when you check in. Not sure of her name, but I intend to find out and write a letter on her behalf. She was Scandinavian...I believe, blond, attractive, and extremely extremly efficient and accomodating. Kept her cool in the midst of a very busy check-in/out rush. We were there for 4 days, and only saw the same two women at the desk...she was fabulous. She handled some things for me that went above and beyond just being courteous. As a female traveler who gets irate at poor customer service, I truly appreciated that.The room was not as tiny as others have said, the linens and comforters were the best I've seen in a very long time, and each night a piece of fresh fruit was placed on the pillow for turn down. Once an apple, then orange, then pear. The first concierge we dealt with was very good. Handled confirming our Nobu reservation with skill, and got right back to me. The second concierge was miserably inept....didn't know the answers to any of the basic questions we asked him.Request a room off Broadway...ours was not too noisy, although I did take earplugs and used them anyway. The location of this hotel is ideal for the recreational traveler...very central. The elevators ARE small..and a little slow...but since we were never in a terrible hurry we just didn't care.Doormen didn't open the door for us much on this stay......we giggled about it everytime we walked in...but that wasn't all that important to us.Serafina restaurant was a nice option for an afternoon cocktail. The Ava lounge was more like a frat party on the Friday night we ventured up.I think that I might just break my rule and stay here again, based on the care from the front desk person, the comfy beds, great location, and great toiletries.	
Apr 10 2005 	Worth a Try	I stayed for one night on a solo business trip. Aside from some early morning noise from the garbage truck and a VERY cold bathroom floor, I had an enjoyable stay. The top floor lounge had a great view down Broadway, and it was fairly busy for a Tuesday night. The features that stood out for me were the quality of the bed, linens, toiletries, and definitely the location. If you go to New York more than once I'd say it's worth a try, but I like to stay in different places each time I go.	
Apr 5 2005 	Fabulous Hotel!	Tastefully understated, this is a wonderful hotel, excellent location, and the staff was delightful. I would recommend it to anyone....anytime! I can't wait to stay there again.	
Mar 31 2005	Found the Dream to be one	Just a quick note to let folks traveling to NYC to check into the Dream Hotel. Great ambiance, great service, GREAT PEOPLE.	
Mar 21 2005	Above Average	Good Location and decent value for the money. Concierge service a little below average. Make sure you do not get a room facing the street; otherwise, you will think you are in New Orleans at 3am	
Mar 17 2005 	Nice hotel	All around a nice hotel. Only below average service i received was from concierge.	
Mar 12 2005 	Not really a dream	Stayed at the dream for 3 nights (3/7/05- 3/10/05). Booked online at the Dream web site (dreamny). Rate was $212 a night plus all the other NY taxes, etc., which pushed the price closer to $250. A lower price could be found on Expedia, etc. but that was supposedly for a single bed.ROOM: Small, about 14 x 12 with very little room for anything but the queen size bed. Everything was painted white which helped make the room seem a little larger than it was. A nice 37&quot; Panasonic flat screen is mounted to the wall a couple feet from the end of the bed. While this may seem like a nice tech touch, I don't think the room could handle a regular TV, there would be no place to put it. Thus, the flat panel TV is almost a necessity. There were no movie channel offerings; only basic cable. The front desk told me they would be getting movies in the future. The room also had a nice Bose wave radio but I did not see or ask about the iPod that is suppposedly available with each room. Bathroom was very compact. Closet was barely big enough to fit the hangars. The Bed, comforter, sheets and pillows were all first rate...the best and only real asset of the room. This is becoming more popular in hotels, especially where the bed &quot;is&quot; the room. A small work desk with tech ports and plug is located next to the bed. Internet access was about $11 a day.LOBBY: Small and underwhelming. Dream is obivously going for the hip hotel image. It looks like they tried to pull this off with a very limited budget. It's not bad, but I doubt that you'll be impressed.SERVICE: Friendly...no problems. We (my wife and I) did not have a lot of interaction with the staff....check in and out and handling of luggage.RESTAURANT: We did not visit either of Dream's 2 lounges but did eat at the trendy Sefafina restaurant. Food was good, and restaurant was busling on a week night. LOCATION: Just east of the corner of Broadway and 55th. The location is great! I always prefer a midtown location when in NY and this would be about as good as any.OVERALL: The Dream is billed as a 4 star hotel. I'd put it closer to 3 1/2 although the bed and location are certainly pluses. I don't have anything really negative or positive to say about it. I read on Gayot that it was ranked on NY hip hotels list as #1. Many things in NY are ranked higher than they deserve to be...it's a NY thing. The &quot;Dream&quot; theme is carried out with minimal expense; dreamy/hip blue and white backlit photos greet you as you step out of the elevator on each floor and there are &quot;dreamy&quot; blue lights under your bed and work desk in the room. I never felt like I was in a dream. Then again it wasn't a nightmare; perhaps the Dream is comparable to a decent night's sleep. Not bad.	
Feb 24 2005	Arrived with a girlfriend left with a Fiance!!	I took my girlfriend to new york for her 30th birthday, the whole experience was a dream! and so was the hotel. Very impressed with the service and the people were so friendly.The room was just like the photos i saw. The location of the hotel is spot on and only a 5 minute walk to central park and the same for times square.I arrived ar Dream with a girlfriend but left with a FIANCE!!I would like to thank dream for helping with my dream. Top marks!!!	
Feb 10 2005	You may want to check the building work is complete!	I was booked to stay here in September 2004, through Expedia. I arrived at 6pm on a Saturday night to a building site with no rooms open. They say it was Expedia’s fault, Expedia say it was the Dream. Either way it was a very bad experience and Dream did nothing to help me find somewhere else – poor service! 	
Feb 5 2005	Much hype little follow thru	The hotel has a fabulous location and looks great from the outside - just wait till you step in. TINY rooms, a pastiche of colors and a lot of hype for what it offers. IF you're okay with being squeezed into a closet (with some cool stuff for sure) New York has tons of better choices beginning with the Bryant Park Hotel on 40th street or the Chambers on 55th (?) street.	
Feb 2 2005	Loved Dream	I am very impressed with my experience at Dream. The Concierge was able to make a reservation for me at Spice Bar on a Friday night. If you know New York, that is close to impossible. Very Impressive! Overall, I had a fantastic stay.	
Feb 1 2005	Dream Hotel in NYC - disappointing	Hi all, I was truly compelled by the idea of the Dream Hotel. Designed by Vikram Chatwal? Golden-lit lobby with a cave-like underground lounge? Blue lighting in every room? Sounds like an surreal adventure!Not so fast. The overall effect is creepy at worst, trying-too-hard at best. The place overall seems unloved/run-down, to be honest. Not to mention the size of the rooms! They are TINY! Two outstanding things of note on this hotel, however:_GREAT_, swanky, fun bar. A must see!Amazingly comfortable matresses.Happy hotel hunting. .	
Jan 27 2005	For the price this IS a Dream	My wife and I stayed at Dream over Christmas 2004 on the tail end of our honeymoon. We had booked it purely on the recommendation of a British newspaper before it had even opened and were extremely impressed. Despite arriving a day late due to flight problems the staff were most accommodating and upgraded us to a King sized room upon check-in.The midtown location is perfect for Broadway, the well known shops and Central Park; all within walking distance. The staff were very efficient, the room was superb, the bed as good as they get, and all the little extras in the room and bathroom are a refreshing change from the norm. We had a 2nd floor room and the 55th Ave traffic noise was not a problem at all.You must check out the Penthouse Bar for guests on the 13th floor. The music and ambience is perfect and the view up Broadway towards Times Square is excellent. If you're a smoker, don't fret because there's a balcony to have a crafty cigarette. Well worth a visit.We're already looking forward to our next visit. Highly recommended!	
Jan 25 2005	not the faulty towers i read about!.	Well i have just come back from the dream hotel, and it was very nice the bedroom i stayed in was a large with two double beds in my opinion it wasnt large but neither was it small.The staff were very helpful and i will be going again but there was only one bad thing.The people in the 2 bars in the hotel are very rude and unfriendly and also the night club.so please check out the dream because it is worth a stay.thanks	
Jan 20 2005	Enjoyable stay	Just back today from 5 nights @ dream... I was very wary about my stay after reading reviews of this site. It just takes some planning to have a great stay. Book a large room with a king size bed, ring ahead to specify smoking or non... Staff are fantastic, very heplful with lots of local tips, concierge was a gift.. As for the rooms themselves, never used the heating once and considering it was -15c while I was there the room never got cold so i dont know what people r talking about (turned the heater on once n it does make a racket but u'll never need it) The beds are from heaven, I cannot tell you how unreal they are!!! Location is fantastic... Would have no problems in recomending Dream...To make the hotel perfect I would add the i-pods, a dvd player, more channels on the tv and a bigger bath(i'm 6'3&quot; and after 2 days of walking all i wanted was a bath but couldn't fit in..)	
Jan 19 2005	Good location but some staff need managing	Firstly the hotel reservation team did not know about an offer agreed between HSBC and itself for HSBC premier customers. Neither did the marketing team - I had to send a fax with the details. To be fair the person called back to explain that the person dealing with the offer had not passed on the details. Evidently the offer only related to a discount off the rack rate - this was not specified in the offer. The hotel itself was modern as expected. The lifts were working ok - this being a problem from previous reviews. The hotel has only been open for 2.5 months and still has a number of teething problems. The staff were in the main friendly and helpful. There seems to be a problem of communication between the bellmen and the concierge as the latter could only offer a car to the airport at a charge of $130+ whereas the bellman ordered one at $65!!!! A fault with the plasma TV however was fixed within 5 mins of reporting the fault. Room service trays were still in the corridor 12 hours after being placed there. Overall some matters requiring attention but if these are overcome then it promises to be a good prospect for Midtown Manhattan.	
Jan 17 2005	Will go back to Dream!	I enjoyed the Dream Hotel a great deal. I found the rooms to be quite spacious for a New York hotel. There was quite a bit of street noise, but that's just part of the course for alot of hotels in the city. I found the staff to be on top of their game. The concierge was very helpful in finding restaurants, and making reservations. We were even served a glass of champagne courtesy of the concierge at one of the restaurants. I found that very impressive.The amenities in the rooms were replaced every day. I loved the Molton Brown products. The beds were one of the most comfortable I've ever slept in. The pillows were like sleeping on a cloud.I had a chance to eat at Sarafina, and had a chance to go for cocktails as well. Enjoyed both experiences. The Dream Lounge was not my cup of tea, alittle to dark. The Penthouse Bar was very nice. The views of the city are fantastic from up there.All in all, my experience was a very good one. I would recommend this hotel to anyone. Myself, I would go back in an instant. The location was great, and the experience was even better.	
Jan 16 2005	I don't think so...	I am sooo happy I read this site. I called to cancel and the person was soo unprofessional. He started to argue with me that there would be a charge to cancel. I said that there was only one working elevator. He said, no. We have 'two' working elevators. As if that was wonderful...He refused to admit that there was any work being done on the hotel. After I pushed it, he offered to cancel and then hung up. Although it was so quick, I have to call tomorrow to make sure that he really did cancel.BTW, the website *does* say the rooms come with preloaded IPODs. So anybody that stays there should print that out.-----------------------------------?Also, some of the reviews on this hotel were so hilarious that we almost considered staying there just so that we would have some of our own funny stories.. maybe another time when we feel like wasting our time. ;)	
Jan 15 2005	Keep Dreaming if you want service	It was so bad, we changed hotels after our first night on the thought that we were paying top dollar but got horrible service. I'll give you the short recap after paying $300 for a king (Christmas week): put us in a smoking room b/c they &quot;can't guarantee smoking or non, just bed size.&quot; moved to a nonsmoking room but had full-bed, when we asked for a discount off the king rate, we had to fight for $40 off. no toilet paper when we finally got to the room, had to call for an iron and ironing board which was supposed to be in the room. either hit your head on a poorly designed shelf over the sink, or make a mess trying to splash water on your face. After bringing us to a second room that still wasn't right, the bell hop had nothing nice to say about the management or their concept of customer service. They just aren't paying attention to the important details you expect when paying these rates.I would recommend staying somewhere else but visiting Dream's penthouse bar which has an awesome view of times square	
Jan 11 2005	In this Dream.....The guest comes last!!!	OKay, Im am big on first impressions. So when I arrived to The Nightmare Hotel (Dream). We were excited for a nice little weekend getaway in NYC. Well , Everytime we exited the hotel we litterally had to walk around the DOORMEN and open the door for ourselves....I have NO problem opening a door for myself but, The thing is...each one of them were either on their Cell Phone, Talking about how cheap some guests were for not tipping them enough, or just wanted to stay under the heat lamp to keep warm. I am an occasional smoker and I do not have any problems with anyone who smokes, But I must say it looks a little trashy to have a doorman outside smoking a cigar. When you pay the rate to stay at a hotel it is not only for the room it's also the HOTEL Experience.. As for our room...yes it was the size of my bathroom at home...which again I dont mind since we are not living in that space. But it also seems like they did a rush job...like the bathroom tiles in the shower were painted tinstead of replaced...there were alot of broken cracked sheet rock in the room and in the lobby. The closet is litteraly 2x2 you ccould fit two shirts a pair of pants and 2 pairs of shoes...cant even store your luggage in it.Ipod in room......NOT AT ALL! I brought my own thinking ity had a base to plug into...when I asked the Front Dest they said &quot;I dont know why everybody thinks we have Ipod in room&quot; just because we wrote it in magazine once doesnt mean we have it....hmmm false advertising too!!Serafina.......If you want to eat a nice meal and get HORRIBLE SERVICE...thats the place for you. Food was good but the Service was soo sooosooo bad. Room Service Breakfast..if you order eggs it does not come with any choice of bacon,sausage....now an egg to me is useless without a strip of bacon....its like peanut butter without the jelly.....and the kid on the phone said sorry we dont offer that...I dont even think we have bacon....low and behold 2 orders of over ez eggs with 2 cups of coffee....no refill......$56.00.....How this hotel is a prfered property is beyond me......it is like a trendy Holiday Inn....or at least thats where the staff has worked before...If they do not like being in the service industry....they should get out!	
Jan 9 2005	A dream come true	We checked into the Dream on Christmas day and I have to admit I was very nervous after reading the scary reviews on this web page.Well here is my view on the Dream Hotel.We arrived at about 2130 on Christmas day and were checked in by a very friendly member of staff we were very impressed by the decor of the lobby.We went up to our room and instantly said Wow! when the lift door opened as there was a huge lit photo of clouds in front of the lifts.These are diffrent on each floor.Our room was a large room with two queen beds, a fair sized bath room and a cupboard. The room was very inviting after a long flight from London with it's white sheets and blue lights.Very trendy and restful.From reading other reviews it seems our room was larger than others in the hotel but you really do get what you pay for in this life and with a location as fantastic as this hotel offers if you want a larger room dig deep and pay for it because its on offer at this hotel.The TV did not disappoint and had tons of channels to choose from.The room was cleaned every morning and was always spotless, the toiletries were replaced every day, the maids turned down the beds each night and left an apple each evening which was a nice touch.In answer to a previous posting about the temp of the rooms yes they were a bit cold but it was -5/-8 over Christmas and the New Year we put the heating on while we were out and the room was just right by the time we returned.The location could not be better 5 mins to Time square not too far to Macys and a metro station on the corner and to top if off the best cheesecake I have ever tasted in the deli right around the corner.All in all we had a wonderful time in New York and in the Dream hotel I would just like to say if you are going to the Dream soon enjoy! I know I'll be going back and will be sending friends and family aswell.	
Jan 9 2005	never again!!!	We are quite used to things but this was a really bad experience. For 2 nights we paid more than 770$ and what did we get: - a very very small room (107 square feet!), even while my partner is almost 6,5 feet. A single room, and the fact that there was only one bathrobe, and one amenity set made this quite clear. Also old fashioned sheets on the bed, so small we stayed awake all night.- Even worse, the rooms were very very old fashioned, absolutely not what you see on the website. Old cupboards, oldfashioned tv, paintings my grandmother has hanging on her wall etc. In the hallways tiles were broken on the floor and wallpaper coming off the wall. Clearly not the rooms we booked, the ones with the dream conceptIpod, flatscreen, blue light?? Never seen that!Ofcourse we complained at the reception desk and with the manager, but their excuse was that the hotel was fully booked, and because we booked via Expedia we got the worst rooms!! Needless to say that now we are home, some letters will be written.We were so disappointed...	
Jan 6 2005	Tiny room modern done cheap.	Our room was a box. My friend and I had a hard time moving around. The blue neon lights are very cheesy. Room was clean, but the toilet had some nasty debris floating in it. Great location. Friendly staff. Cool view of Times Square.	
Jan 6 2005	Really Disappointed!!!	I have just returned from a week at this hotel, and i was extremely disappointed with the overall service of the staff and quality of the bedrooms. Prior to even arriving at the hotel, we had already been appalled by the unhelpful staff. We had contacted the hotel on numerous occasions to try to see if the hotel was doing anything for New Years Eve, and after being put through to the wrong department 4 or 5 times we were told that the hotel was not holding anything. However, when we arrived we were re-informed that there was in fact an event being held for New Years Eve. Subsequently, we informed reception of what had happened and were assured that we would be contacted immediately for information about this event. Disappontingly, we never heard from any member of staff throughout our holiday.Furthermore, the rooms are exceptionally small and even after being moved to a fractionally larger room, we still had no space to put our clothes and had to put the majority over the desktop which was most inconvenient.The sheets were also dirty, and the room was freezing. There was a heating system, however it made so much noise that we were forced to keep the heating off throughout the night to keep it from waking us up.Lastly, there were no ipods in the rooms, and there were very few TV channels to watch.To credit the hotel, it was in an excellent location, and the bar and restaurant were lovely. However this did not make up for our overall experience of this hotel.	
Jan 4 2005	Blue lights don't make it the W	Dream badly wants to be as hip as the W, but it doesn't come close. Dream wants to distract you from its slapdash refurbishment job (bad plaster work, two different colors of white in the bathrooms, holes, etc.) by shining blue light in the room and putting in a plasma TV. This cheapjack refurb of the old Majestic will not fool anyone over 21 into thinking they're at the W, which succeeds at being cutting-edge as badly as Dream fails.My wife and I stayed there for a few days over New Year's. I knew we were in for trouble when I asked about the much-touted iPod that's supposed to come with the room, and they told me there was no iPod. Strike 1. They didn't ask if I was a smoker, and simply placed us in a smoking room without asking or informing me of that. Strike 2. OK, that was only 2 strikes within 15 minutes of checking in.Then the little stuff started piling up. The concierge was rarely around. Or if someone was around, they'd give you wrong information (e.g., sending us to a restaurant for brunch that didn't serve brunch). The guy that puts the paper outside your door at 4:30 am doesn't set it down by the door, but instead throws it at the door. You'll get random numbers of towels in the bathroom of completely random quality. The windows are ill-fitting and almost impossible to close completely, letting in copious cold air that the heating system is ill-equipped to combat, and also letting in significant noise. Strike 3, Dream.Other reviewers are correct about the 2 of 3 functioning elevators that never come because you're competing with the staff for them, and the noisiness of the lower rooms. For the love of pete, if they put you in a lower room facing 55th street, insist on a new room *immediately*!! The garbagemen stop directly across 55th from the hotel every other night at a random time between 11 pm and 4 am, although the staff will never tell you about this. If you're on one of the lower floors, that will wreck 30-45 minutes of sleep in the middle of the night. If you insist in staying in this hotel, hold out for something on the upper floors facing Broadway or in the interior. The last straw for me came the night before checkout. We needed to check out at 1 pm rather than noon due to the timing of our flight. However, the night clerk told us that he couldn't give us late checkout, and that it was up to &quot;the girls&quot; (his words) in the morning. I'd have to see them about it sometime after 7 am. Great. If I had been at the Fairmont, that would have been trivial for any clerk to handle at any time. I asked him what time the manager arrived in the morning, thinking I'd speak to the management. He told me &quot;Nine, maybe nine thirty.&quot; That statement unintentionally summarized the lackadaisical attention to service of the Dream staff.On the plus side, the location is great; the bellmen are professional and efficient, and the two bars are as hip as the hotel desperately wants to be, while maintaining much better levels of service than does the hotel. You enter the unmarked Dream bar through the left door in the lobby in front of the front desk.	
Jan 4 2005	Some say dream I say nightmare	It was so many little things that made me realize that I would have been better off at the Motel 6--at least I know what I'm getting for my money there. The Good: the lobby lounge and the Penthouse lounge were good. The staff was cordial and we enjoyed a number of evenings having a post-tourism drink in comfort and style.The Bad: The staff. The concierge sent us to brunch at a place that had stopped serving brunch ignoring at least 3 restaurants within a block that did have brunch. The maid service was uneven, one day we'd get replacement shampoos, etc. the next day, nothing, the next day, extras. The front desk was not eager to help or to answer questions. They were uninformed regarding New Year's Eve on Times Square (you would think that they would know when barriers would be up and how we could return to our hotel, etc--luckily the local police were wonderful and happy to answer our questions). The front desk night clerk would not (per hotel policy according to him) authorize us to check-out an hour after regular check-out time as he said, &quot;it's up to the girls who come on at 7. Ask Them.&quot; The Ugly: Being put onto a smoking floor without being asked if we wanted smoking was bad enough but this floor was lower on the building. Our second night we were serenaded by the recycling truck for an hour (yes, I timed it). Having called down to the desk a woman DID offer to move us (this was after 1/2 hour). Having unpacked we choose to remain, however, what she did NOT tell us was that the recycling men come every-other-day. Twice they came around midnight and the other time (New Year's morning) at 4am. The New Year's serenade was followed by our free paper being delivered by being thrown at the door at 4:30am. This was followed up by everyone on the floor getting the same treatment.For the money I'd go elsewhere. What should have a been a dream became a nightmare of no sleep for at least 4 nights.P.S. the linens were nice, but the bug on the pillow wasn't.	
Jan 2 2005	dream was not so bad but the small room yes	i just came back from new york, and i was very disappointed with dream, disillusioned. when we arrived at the hotel, first we found the lobby small!! nothing to see with the 'pictures' of the lobby, but it was nice, modern a big statue and an aquarium. but then, what almost a nightmare. the first room they gave us, (a small one), was just a shame. it was not small, it was ridiculous, our luggage did not fit in the room. the view was disgusting, if you can call this a view. the 'view' was one of the behind of a building, just disgusting so we asked for another room. the other room was better we had a view on the street. but VERY VERY small, and the shame is that there were NO closet at all to put our clothes!!!! there were 2 little drawers, and 4 coat hanger, and THAT's IT!! so, we had to leave almost all of our clothes in our luggage, which took all of the space on the side of the bed...then, if i sat on the bed, it was not possible for my friend to go to the other side, there was like 30 cm in front of the bed. for this price, it's a shame, i strongly suggest you NOT to have a small room at dream, not even a medium one which is just a bit bigger.so, i was shocked of the size, i would not even pay a hundred dollar for it. i thought people exagerated a lot about the size, but i can assure you they did not. we did shopping, and after 2 days the room was a mess, it was difficult to move and we almost fight with my friend because it's so irritating this size.then, no ipod, the tv was great but sometimes gave headaches because it was so close from the bed, and there are no numbers for the channels, just + or - so good luck if you want to go from channel 2 to channel 30. then, the heater waws soooo noisy, horrible either it was too hot either too cold, and one day it broke so they gave us a portable heater, what i strongly suggest you because no noise, and the temperature is better, hot everywhere in the room not just only in front of the heater (if you use the one on the ceiling).then, another really bad thing for a 4 stars hotel, our room was not made during THREE days, and they changed out towels just once in a week, they even left dirty ones with make up...we left a tip everyday but we should not have, because those kind of things it's not normal.so what i can tell you is that we will probably not go back, and really dont go in a small room if you want to do shopping and have some clothes.for the good points, well the location, the confortable bed and bathrobes, and that's it..we had a drink at the ava lounge, it's very dark and i asked for a bloody mary with no spice, they told me that the cocktails were already mixed....for 14 dollars a cocktail, pfff ridiculous. and the rooms were not as fancy as i thought seeing the pictures, they had nothing special the blue neon board, the huge screen but nothing else..and the bar at the lower level, has nothing to see with the one on the pictures, i did not see it like this. the hotel did not ruin our holidays but i can presume that it ruined some other people ones, and that it will.	
Dec 30 2004	I loved the dream!	Just got back from Dream, and can't wait to go back! Great location, friendly staff, chic atmosphere, and great Key lime martinis made this trip to the city fantastic! Small rooms? It's NYC folks! Besides, the rooms were not THAT small. How much time will you be spending in your room anyway? Only 2 elevators working? Yes, but we never had to wait long for one to arrive. No mini bar, true, but I have never been a fan of paying $5 for a bottle of water. These 3 things were eclipsed by the beautiful rooms, great lounges, and superb location. Personally, I hope more people write bad reviews so I can have this great hotel all to myself the next time I go to New York. (plus it might keep the prices down) There were a couple of small glitches while we were there, but the staff took care of our needs as soon as we notified them. Overall, Dream was one of the best hotel experiences I have ever had. Definately geared more towards the 20-30 something hipsters. Families with children should consider other nearby hotels. All others, come and enjoy the Dream!	
Dec 30 2004	Dream was great	We were concerned about what we would find when we went to the Dream because we read many reviews and they were mixed. However, from the time we were greeted by Madjana at the front desk (who was terrific and gave us great restaurant recommendations) to the time we checked out, we had a great time. We found the room to be very comfortable, quiet and stylish as well. There were many special touches and it was lots of fun. Our party included younger and older persons and all loved it.	
Dec 28 2004	More like Nightmare	My Stay at the Dream hotel 13 Dec - 18 Dec. First impression when stepping into the hotel is great, looks ultra modern. But the rooms are more like ones that you would find in a 3 star hotel. Though the beds are very comfortable!!! On entering my room, I noticed that is was rather small, unlike the price. It was cold and there was not a safe in the room. And no mini bar, though a member of staff did provide as a replacement to this, 2 apples and 2 bottles of water. I asked reception if they could get an engineer to fix the problem regarding the heating, and after 24 hours, nothing was done. They did though, after some prompting move me to a room which was warm. The telly is big, but I did not see any Ipod. Though i was happy with the 2nd room. The service elevator did not work, so the other 2 lifts were often occupied by members of staff. And on one evening only one of the lifts were working, very funny evening, with guests using the stairs, very relaxing!!!! They lost my dry cleaning which eventually turned up the next day. In my opinion, the location is great, but for the price I think that they have to do more than add paint and stick a fish tank in the reception. What started as a Dream finished a nightmare, though I must admit at a certain points it was like fawlty towers.	
Dec 23 2004	Dream was fabulous	Just got back from a wonderful weekend in the city. My husband and I stayed for two nights at Dream. We were very hesitant after reading many bad reviews. However, we had a great time and really loved the hotel. The hotel is very modern/trendy, perfect for 20 somethings looking for a fun atmosphere. Our room was quiet and the bed was very comfy. I would recommend a King size bed as an upgrade from the queen. These rooms are much bigger. The location is PERFECT...within walking distance of Time Square, 5th Ave, Central Park, MoMA, and Rock Center. The bathrooms are small but you are not in your room long enough to care. Hope this helps put your mind at ease if you are worried about choosing this hotel!	
Dec 13 2004	Livin' The Dream	Ever since booking my 4 night stay at Dream I have been checking reviews on this site almost daily. To say I was nervous about how my experience was going to turn out due to all the negative feedback is an understatement.For anyone doing the same thing in anticipation of your Dream stay I suggest you stop stressing, it was a great experience!On the much-hyped construction woes: we stayed the weekend of 12/11 and saw none of it. When we returned to our room one night a new element had been added to the fishtank so they are certainly still working on things, but we saw none of it. The lobby design is eclectic, but very tasteful is a &quot;purposeful tacky&quot; sort of way. Besides actual fish in the tank, everything looks to be completed in the lobby (execpt the elevators, let us move to that...)On the elevators: There are two lifts working, and yes, there was a bit of a wait at times...but nothing long enough that irked us. Now, there were grumblings about BOTH of the lifts being down Saturday night, forcing guests to walk up trechorous stairs, but we went to bed early that night so didn't feel that pain (and I can understand why they would be upset, the stairs are steeper than K2). And yes, they desperately need service elevators, as crowding on elevators with laudry carts should not be an issue guests have to worry about, but so-long as you are not of an uber high-matinence temperament, you will find the lift situation satisfactory. (and there are 2 more lifts coming)On the rooms: Yes, they are wicked small...but they are no smaller than many similar botique hotels in the city. The bed is indeed VERY delightful, something that was almost a deterant as we slept in every morning during our stay because the beds were just that comfy. And washing your face is a mess due to poor planning on placement of the vanity mirror deal. You'll love the TVs...because really, when in the city on vacation when are you in your room other than drift off to sleep at night with the telly on.As far as service, the folks there are SO delightful. It is difficult to say who the concierges are, as they seem to double as the bellmen, but that is the benifit...everyone can help you, and they do it with a smile, going above the call of duty to make you happy. I don't remeber the names of the two gentlemen who constantly helped us, but you'll know them by the quality of their service.The Serefina resteraunt in the hotel is good...nothing amazing, but the pizzas are delightful. The bar downstairs is quiant and nice. And I couldn't help but be a bit star-struck when I dropped in for an after dinner night cap and P-Diddy had to wait until my drink was made before ordering his. The bar was never crowded, and the service and attitude is un-pretentious...example, after finishing half my Martini, I went to grab a smoke and when I returned and it had been taken up, after explaining my situation there was another Martini in front of me on the house with a lenghty apology to boot. The penthouse bar wasn't my bag. It is like a lengthy hallway, and just didn't have a &quot;feel&quot; or vibe of any sort. I would recommend staying downstairs for libations.The location is really the star here. On the same block as the Carnagie Deli and across the street from the Applejack, delicious breakfasts abound. A short walk from the shops at 5th, Time Square, any theater in the district, etc., etc. In all honesty, in any place I've stayed, or even any place I have seen walking about, I could NOT pick ANY location in all the city that would be more centrally located and convenient to an out of town visitor. Perhaps it was because I was expecting less and was delivered more, but I loved staying at Dream. In talking with folks in the elevator and throughout the hotel, I did notice one thing...those around my age (I am 28 years old) shared similar tales of satisfaction, while guests 40-plus were complaining. Take that for what it is worth, but I beleive they are catering to a younger crowd.I spent months trying to find info on this hotel (if you haven't notice, there is VERY little &quot;real&quot; info on this hotel ANYWHERE) and I hung on every review on this site...so if someone out there is doing the same, I say to stop worrying...you will enjoy your stay very much.	
Dec 7 2004	Nightmare	My parents were visiting, and had booked a room here. A room with a queen size bed. They received an unrenovated room with a full bed. Nothing else. Not even walking space. You were either in the bed, or in the hallway. No lie. One of them had to be lying down or sitting on the bed for the other to get to the bathroom -- it was actually that small. The fact that there was only one bathrobe in the closet confirmed that there was no way anyone expected two people to live there. I asked for them to be moved, and was told that they didn't have the kind of reservation that allowed for that. After much persuading, they moved them into a renovated room. No bigger, and reeking of drying paint. Interestingly, the bathrooms were large and lovely. Go figure. Elevator situation a nightmare. Front desk staff rude and without a clue. This hotel could not be worse if it tried. And where is that IPOD we kept hearing about?	
Dec 6 2004	A real mixed bag - definitely has some kinks yet pluses too	First the pros;* Great location right at 55th &amp; Broadway- you can walk to virtually every mid town attraction &amp; restaurant.*We found the space to be quite nice and roomy- we did have a suite, which offered 2 bathrooms and a very roomy&quot;living&quot; room with seperate TV - another plus those plasma screens are cool.Uber- trendy, if not downright edgey with all the blue lights and euro-techno feel- better to look at than actually get comfy though, form takes precedent over function here.* Nice ameneties like voss water, fresh fruit and paper daily even on w/e. Cashmere robes were great.Cons:* By far and a way the noisiest hotel I have ever stayed at- get a room AWAY from Broadway- terrible window insulation - the bathroom with a window was FREEZING.* Elevators are S...L...O...W! Always a wait.*Doormen sometimes there, sometimes not, same with concierge. Staff when you get their attention, helpful but often hard to find room was made up very late every day even though maid saw us leave early.* lobby is very small and uncomfortatble- not good for business.Net net it has the makiings and could be a great place but definitely needs some polish.	
Dec 3 2004	A great place!	Much has been said about the work going on this hotel. Don't be scared about it. When we arrived, and november for a business trip stay, I was pleasently surprised how little we noticed about it. Room was adequate size for our 2 nights stay, but who wants to stay in and enjoy the fantastic bed, superb plasma and dreamy blue lighting when your so close to the best NYC has got to offer?Above all the friendly staff deserves a cheer, helpfull in everyway.It will definetly be my preffered choice next time I am in New York. Give it go, I am convinced that thing will get beter (although they are currently already nearing the point of perfection IMHO)	
Nov 30 2004	Dream ROCKS!	I loved this hotel! I was there during the soft opening so there were still kinks to be worked out but I found the staff extremely accomodating and friendly. The room was much more spacious than I had expected and the bed was the most comfortable I'd ever slept in! Don't get me wrong, the rooms are fairly small but at least 4 times the size of a Schraeger property and much nicer. I really loved the fact that instead of a bible, there is a book on the teachings of Buddha. A lot of little things made it just great. The best thing about the hotel is the location, without doubt but, if you're a drinker, go to the Dream Bar and have a Key Lime Martini. THEY ARE THE BEST!!!!!I would stay here again and recommend it to most people.	
Nov 29 2004	Dream: Code name for only enough room to sleep	On the good side: The lobby was very nice and the lounge on the top floor was a good place to hang out with your friends. On the bad side: The rooms are VERY small, I wasn't sure if I was in my room or in my closet. There was only one working elevator. The in room safe was not hooked up, the mini bar was not stocked, some of the outlets didn't work. The was no bathtub, just a small shower.Overall I would say they did as much with the space as they could, but it just wasn't good enough.	
Nov 26 2004	The spirit of Fawlty lives on	Ha Ha. Laughably bad.For such a terrific location, Hotel Nightmare is quite something. First, the positives. When you complain - as you will - the staff do try their best to remedy the situation. For example, when we arrived at 10pm to check in (after an 8hr flight) and were told the &quot;room was not ready to check in yet&quot;, the staff grudingly bought us a drink. When - on the following day - the maid forgot to service the room - the hotel bought us dinner. If we'd stayed another night, we probably could have the whole stay for free!Onto the negatives, staff are poorly trained. Watch how they barge past you to squeeze into the (one working) lift; or casually slump in the main entrance occassionally mustering the energy to ask guests whether they are staying in the hotel (great security guys). Some rooms are shockingly small. The 19s, for instance. If you unlucky enough to be allocated one - demand to move asap. The hallways are a dumping ground for the room maids' trolleys; presumably because of a lack of storage although possibly to save time.The lobby is OTT - although there is something surreal about an empty 25ft goldfish bowl juxtaposed to the grunts of lift engineers working furiously on some clapped out lifts. There are abnomalies such as only one dressing gown in a double room, bell boys that forgot to take up your luggage even after being asked 3 times and 3 doors to get into the hotel and no one to help you at any.If you must go check in with a sense of humour!	
Nov 23 2004	Still working out the kinks	We stayed at the Dream Hotel for 8 nights for business. The hotel is still working out the kinks but, if you are patient, you can enjoy the stay. Positives include: GREAT concierge--Marco is incredibly helpful with dinner reservations. He's one of the best concierges I've experienced in my travels. Stylish decor. Rooms were average size--about the expected size for a &quot;boutique&quot; hotel (larger than the Hudson and Maritime). Amenities including good bath products, robes and the big plasma screen. Cool bars. Cleaning service was very thorough. Convenient location (near subways). Negatives: Elevators that didn't work. Spotty, intermittent internet service. Unstocked mini bar (they should have told us this when we booked our room). Thin walls (don't get a room by the elevators). Lack of climate control in the room. Phones that didn't work in the rooms. Keep in mind that there are only two, very small, drawers which are not enough to accommodate a long stay.Overall--glitches to be worked out, but the staff is trying to work with the many problems to insure a pleasant stay. I would not pay what we paid to stay there again until they are fully functional and you get what you pay for (or at least what is advertised on the website). However, I think that the hotel will be a nice addition to the NYC hotel scene once the kinks are worked out.	
Nov 22 2004	Frustration and some Fun	We were intrigued by the descriptions online, and expected a fresh,newly renovated hotel. However, the minute we arrived, we realized that the hotel was merely a partially reworked old hotel. There was extensive construction in the lobby, only one working elevator, and an overworked staff. The room and bathroom were quite small, and the shelf above the sink was badly placed. There is no iPod in the room although the online descriptions promise one. All of that being said, the plasma TV, Bose sound system and blue lighting were quite novel. The room keys were also quite original. The highlights of the room are definitely the Kashwere robes and comfortable bed.Overall, it is still very much a work in progress - a fact that should be noted online and reflected in the price, which is too high for its current state.	
Nov 18 2004	Loved this hotel!	Stayed at Dream for 3 nights from 10th November, a birthday treat for my husband. I loved it. Yes the lobby was still having a 25ft fish tank installed (will be great to see when finished) but the work was all taking place behind a cordoned off area. Room was small but TV plasma screen enormous! Bed was small but decor in room was great, black and white, and I loved the blue light under the bed and under the desk. All furniture was good quality, Molton Brown toiletries, what a treat. Bathroom as clean, modern and great power shower. View was pants, and when asked to upgrade we were told they were full booked all nights. Bar was expensive ($14 for two bottles of beer) but the view was superb, looking right down broadway. From there we saw another bar called the Triple Inn (or could have been M) where there was a live soul band and a balcony to watch! Fantastic location for so many landmarks, had breakfast every morning in Applejacks Diner just across the street. Wish they had told us they had changed the hotel to Dream, we booked in April with Expedia under the name of Majestic, freaked our cabbie out a bit - but that is down to Expedia, not the hotel. Maybe, I am just easily pleased, but I loved it.	
Nov 17 2004	A bad dream	We had a three night reservation and my wife wanted to leave the minute we arrived. Problems included construction in the lobby when we arrived, only one working elevator, very small room, tiny bathroom, double bed when queen was reserved and apathetic front desk staff. The walls seemed to be paper thin as we heard televisions in each room as we walked by. Also, if you stay on a low floor, be prepared to hear all the noise from the streets. We stayed one night (only because we couldnt' find another room). Moved the next day to Affinia Dumont (which was very nice). The few positives are - nice moderately priced restaurant, good location, plasma tvs in the room (because there isn't room for anything else). Buyer beware...	
Nov 16 2004	Not quite a Dream on 55th Street	We arrived on Monday (8th Nov) afternoon and waited until after 3.30pm until a room was ready. Not ideal after a 7-plus hour transatlantic flight. The room we were shown had a queen-size bed and was VERY small. Miniscule closet space and minimal floor space. As we were staying for 7 nights we complained immediately. To his credit the manager got back to us promptly and without hesitation upgraded us to king-size, better closet space and a gorgeous, enormous and comfortable bed. Floor-space far better too. Bathroom about the same size, small bath but with a powerful and hot shower.The decor is very BLUE, electric blue lights on the landing, on a glass-topped desk in the room and under the bed! Maybe not to everyone's taste but the hotel is at least trying to distant itself from the efficient but samey mid-town hotels sprinkled around the area.Main gripes: Only two (slow) lifts are working though a third should be online at some point - we were on the third floor and often used the stairs - not so convenient for those higher up. They are still working on the hotel, I found myself on the 1st floor and saw a number of workmen still kitting out the rooms. The sound of the workmen could often be heard early-ish most mornings. The hotel and the surrounding are can be very NOISY - the windows do not do a very good job of insulating against the sonic assault on the streets!The lobby is still being worked on, a two-storey aquarium was still being installed when we left (15th Nov). The lobby itself is a cornucopia of styles that maybe doesn't quite work.We had to request a BOSE radio (which are worth getting) and a hairdryer.Plus points:The Serafina, the restaurant attached to the hotel does great pizzas and pasta, not cheap but they do room service and very handy if you just want to chill and have a meal in your room.The plasma screens in the rooms are cool but do not show the 300-plus channels as advertised in the hotel blurb. Maybe they will in the future but its more like 30 at the mo!Hotel staff on the whole very helpful. The smiley concierge patiently helped us book tickets for the Statue of Liberty.Close to the subway, Broadway, Times Square Hope people reading find this long-ish but comprehensive review useful. The hotel is definitely worth considering and will undoubtedly get better in time but please bear in mind the above before you book.	
Nov 9 2004	Needs a little work- but all in all really cool!	We stayed here this weekend- yes- they do need to &quot;tweak&quot; some things- My sister was staying there, and the first night, we stayed in the room with her, (they were all booked up due to the NYC marathon on Sat. night)- Bed is HUGE- enough for 3 sisters to sleep comfortably- and the duvet was so comfy! The second night we moved to our own room, which was actually nicer than the first room- The first room was missing the Bose radio and hair dryer- and the neon light under the bed did not work- But they assured us that this would be taken care of ASAP. Nice that the maids brought us free bottled water and apples in case we needed a midnight snack! 2nd room was nice- with dual shower heads in the shower, awesome view- Beautiful bathroom- (with good towels, soft robes and good shampoo, conditioners and lotions). and I loved the simple mod furniture- (only complaint was that one of the outlets was broken). Membership to Golds Gym is complimentary for the week. And they had huge flat screen TV's in each room and great lighting in those rooms. The lobby WAS a little over done- too big statue overpowered a &quot;lounge&quot; section. Penthouse bar- was nice- and packed! Great view! The lounge and restaurant on the first floor were really cooly decorated- although we did not eat there. The maids were VERY nice, as well as the bellboys- Most of the desk workers were nice- one man seemed a little bit short though. Location is great, within walking distance of lots of great retaurants, landmarks, and stores. They are on the right track here- I think when the hotel is completed that it will be great!	
Nov 8 2004	Busmans holiday		
Nov 6 2004	Dream is a nightmare		
Nov 4 2004	stayed less than an hour		
Oct 26 2004	Standerd prefab cool.		
Oct 26 2004	Dream is getting better all the time...		
Oct 25 2004	You can Dream if you get a quiet room		
Oct 22 2004	Not the stuff that Dreams are made of		
Oct 22 2004	construction site		
Oct 21 2004	more like nightmare		
Nov 21 2009 	Nenhum sonho a oferecer!		
Nov 8 2009 	cooles designhotel		
Oct 28 2009 	Tout sauf ...A Dream		
Sep 28 2009 	Dromen komen niet altijd uit...		
Sep 17 2009 	tolle Lage		
Sep 12 2009 	Una joya a caballo entre Times Squeare y Central Park		
Sep 7 2009 	Muy bien comunicado		
Aug 4 2009 	Insgesamt ok		
Jun 25 2009 	ottima scelta!		
Jun 1 2009 	Centrale e alla Moda		
Mar 29 2009 	??????????????		
Mar 2 2009 	Entre broadway et central park		
Feb 14 2009 	Pas grand chose à redire		
Jan 24 2009 	Au coeur de Manhattan		
Dec 27 2008 	un hotel aceptable con una perfecta localizacion		
Dec 17 2008 	A éviter même pour les rêveurs		
Nov 6 2008 	Hotel moderno e pulito		
Oct 28 2008 	Superbe hôtel		
Sep 2 2008 	Hôtel Ethnico-design		
Jun 8 2008 	El Dream me gustó		
Jan 26 2008 	Super Hotel zu empfehlen!!! Jederzeit wieder!		
