	Great Hotel	This hotel is a great find considering it is in Manhattan, if you love Broadway and that is part of your reason for coming to NYC, stay here. Its very close to the broadway theatres (Especially the Gershwin, where &quot;Wicked&quot; plays..one block away). The rooms are very small and are great if you are traveling alone or with your spouse. I would NOT recommend this hotel if you have children with you as most of the rooms are single twin beds or double twin beds. Other than that, the rate was great and although the hotel does have a restaurant, I found it too expensive and there are cheaper places to eat, you just need to walk around and explore until you find something that appeals to you.	
Nov 24 2009 	Great location at a reasonable price	When my girlfriend (now fiancée after this trip) and I booked this hotel, we spent countless hours researching hotels in and around the New York area. We were looking to not break the bank for our 1 week stay, but not be too far away from everything either. This hotel met those criteria and more. The rooms are small but adequate and clean. Within a 5-10 min walk to Time Square and about a 15 min walk to the Southern boundry of Central Park. Only a few short blocks from some great food in the H&amp;ll’s Kitchen neighborhood. If walking doesn’t suit your bill, the metro is 1 block from the entrance to the hotel.While in the Big Apple we also took a Mid-Town walking tour with &quot;Food-On-Foot&quot; as part of our NY Pass which was a really great way to see the neighbourhood and sample some little family run food locations.	
Nov 14 2009 	Great location close to great restaurants clean and small.	Picked the hotel on location and price - not cheap, but well priced relative to other New York hotels.Room was very very small, but clean. Hotel was a little poky, but the staff were friendly.Excellent location for access to mid town, Times Square, Central park and the restaurants of 9th Ave.	
Oct 29 2009 	Ancient facility; small rooms; vastly overpriced	Lobby is small and dated; no ambience. One elevator, holds 3 adults; very slow; so we took stairs most of the time. Room is tiny; no clothes dresser; small sofa. Beds here have no box springs. The mattress sits atop a wooden board! Mattress is like sleeping on an army cot. No room ventilation except opening window. They offered to install a window air conditioner if we wanted it. (We declined.) Loud, industrial noises downstairs until 4 a.m.; difficult to sleep. No food service. We stayed the one night of a planned 4-day stay; canceled remaining nights and moved to a true 4-star hotel that actually cost less than the $340 per night at the WJ. Friendly staff; new, large, clean bathroom. Not a good experience.	
Oct 15 2009 	Awesome location	We really enjoyed our stay at Washington Jefferson and would stay there again. The location was the best I have had in New York - only a couple of blocks down from times square, theatres right around the hotel and easy access to the metro. There was also a great bar a couple of doors down, which had good food and a great selection of drinks. The staff, although relaxed in service, were very friendly and gave great recommendations for things to do and where to eat.Yes the rooms are small but all rooms are in New York and in this city - you really only need a room to sleep.	
Oct 14 2009 	clean but very small hotel	The rooms are very small. If you are looking for more room space, this is not good selection. Other than that it is very clean. Recepsionists very friendly and helpful in case you need something....Very close to times square, lot of attractions, restaurants....	
Oct 9 2009 	Good location small but clean and friendly staff.	I found this hotel room through hotels.com and I got a great deal considering it was a last minute booking. I think it was around $125 per night. The room was newly renovated and although it was small, it was clean! It's a no frills place but for NYC, it was all that I needed. Close to the theatre district and lots of shopping. We had a room right on the street side but I don't remember being bothered by the noise at all. I did notice that there was no AC but we didn't need it in Feb. I wouldn't hesitate to go back. And the bellman there is super cute and friendly!	
Sep 30 2009 	AMAZING LOCATION VERY SMALL ROOMS	Good points were the amazing location - take a left from Port Authority and keep going. Rooms were brand new, flatscreen tv, selection of channels, very clean.Bad points was how tiny the rooms are. I mean tiny. You have to move to the side in th ebathroom to be able to close the door! No view either.	
Sep 24 2009 	A Nice Hotel	We stayed at the Washington Jefferson Hotel on a weekend trip to New York. The hotel is in a great location, close to central park and times square. Its also only a block from a subway stop and close to a pharmacy that has almost everything in it. The rooms at the Washington Jefferson are small and simple. For New York city the price is very reasonable but to some extent you get what you pay for, the rooms are small but clean and with everything you need in them. The hotel does not have ice machines on every floor and does not have room service. The front desk staff are very helpful with directions and whatever you need. I would definitely go back and stay there.	
Sep 20 2009 	Fantastic location and friendly and helpful staff	We stayed here for 4 nights for my 30th birthday and it was our first trip to New York. The location of the hotel was perfect. It's really close to Times Square and Radio City and only a short walk to Central Park and the subway is also very close by. The rooms were a little bit small and could have benefited with some drawers and a fridge but apart from that I couldn't fault them. They were very clean and comfortable. The staff on the desk downstairs were helpful and made reservations for us etc. The door staff, especially London, were really good at recommending places to go out and were also really friendly. The only other fault was that we couldn't get our rooms near to each other but apart from that I would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 13 2009 	horrible	Booked room with two twin beds. Expected it to be small with no view, but not the size of my closet. Each bed had only one mattress on a board - no box springs! The beds were about 18 inch apart and jammed against each wall - no room for bedside table - just a pole lamp between the two. There was a small wardrobe and a small desk with a flat screen mounted on the wall. We had to move the chair to in front of the wardrobe, making it unusable, in order to have room for our two suitcases on the floor. One of us literally had to sit on our bed while the other moved around the small cramped room. The lighting was really bad - two small pole lamps for the entire room - we kept bathroom lights on and door open to help us see to read! Very very noisy a/c stuck in window inches away from me. The bathroom was no wider than 3 feet with a sink mounted on the wall - no place to put your stuff except on the floor. They blamed it on Cheaptickets and the difference between their definitions of deluxe. They may be a three-star hotel, but they dump one-star rooms on those using Cheaptickets and Expedia - as guys checking in to another room also found out.	
Sep 11 2009 	dont ever stay here - mice in the hallway	the worst hotel I´we ever been staying at. The room were so small that we couldn´t even open our suitcase or hang our clothes. When we complained, they could´t care less. booked through priceline.com, and just because you put a flat screen tv in the room, dosen´t make it bigger. I will never use priceline again because of this. There were mice running around the hallway, and when we told the concierge they didn´t bother.	
Aug 25 2009 	Great location great staff great price great find!	The staff was very friendly, accommodating and helpful. Our room was spacious and the bathroom was modern - all very clean and wonderful. It was a nice sanctuary as we explored New York City. the location is ideal, so close to Times Square, yet just far enough away that it's a little bit quieter, but not scary to walk home to at night.My husband and I were traveling with my mother - we were having a hard time finding an affordable room with two double beds near Times Square, so we were delighted to find two queen beds for $165 a night. We feared the room might be too small, based on previous posts, but we were really pleased with the space!The best thing about the stay was the location. We were just a little disappointed that the Japanese restaurant below had limited hours.	
Aug 11 2009 	Pleasant stay in an unassuming but deliciously located hotel	The hotel itself is fairly unassuming, occupying a large building well integrated into the surrounding neighbourhood, which is leafy and bustling at dinner-time. The lobby is simple but elegant, even if a bit dated. The door-man was pleasant and engaged us in friendly banter as the front person checked us in. Our room was on the third floor, overlooking the interior courtyard. The room itself was fairly spacious (read: there's room for a wall mounted tv, a desk, two night stands and walking room around the bed) for New York and the bathroom was recently upgraded. A classic sushi restaurant, Shimizu, is located within the base of the hotel and thought we didn't try it, it appeared popular with hotel guests, locals and staff's friends who gathered before closing time. The hotel is well located (only about 15 minutes walk from Columbus Circle Subway Station, among others) and within walking distance from Port Authority. Nearby are plenty of restaurants, including the delicious Braai, serving South African barbecue-style dishes and others in restaurant row, located just to the south. There's even a gourmet delicatessen and several delicious bagel shops on 9th Avenue between 52nd and 58th. Would stay again!	
Aug 10 2009 	Great Location Great Staff Great all round	I travelled with one friend and we shared a standard room it was small, however we fit fine and it was clean and had everything we needed- 3 of our other friends stayed in a double room with 2 double beds, it was quite large and they fit comfortably. The staff were great and always helpful. London the bellboy was always cheerful and helpful with suggesting places to go and giving directions. Ivan the Manager was excellent and lovely. I would recommend this to anyone and will stay again.	
Jul 31 2009 	Rooms are not made for humans--Maybe rats.	The room was so small and depressing that I started crying when I saw it. There was no room to even open my luggage in the floor I had to put the dirty suitcase in top of the bed. The jail cell window looked to a wonderfully horrible ally. I dont recomend this hotel to anyone, stay somewhere else.	
Jul 23 2009 	Great Location Nice Room Great Service	We took the Subway from Penn Station. The stop was one block form the hotel. We were pleasantly surprised that the hotel seemed to be on a “quiet” street. There were plenty of places to eat nearby. We were a little disappointed that the restaurant in the hotel was Japanese since that is not our favorite type of food. The front desk person was very friendly and our room was ready before 3:00 check-in. The bell hop brought our bags to our room for us. The elevator is small but handled the three of us and our bags. The room was small but the bed was comfortable. The air conditioner was loud but I suppose it blocked out other noises. The bathroom was small with a very small sink (too small for the room size). The hotel was in an excellent location, convenient to the theaters and Times Square. We were disappointed that the hotel did not serve coffee in the morning. We found a little store around the corner that served a breakfast sandwich and coffee for $4.00. Also, the pub down the street served an excellent variety of beer. Checkout was fast and convenient with no hidden charges. We will come back in the future!	
Jul 3 2009 	All you need..but nothing more	I was pleasantly surprised by the value of the hotel, it was clean and everything i needed was there including a TV and free wireless. My room, with a single bed was tiny - about 5 ft wide and 6 feet long including the bathroom. the bed fit wall to wall and the air conditioning was loud at the foot of the bed. My room was right by the elevator and there was so much noise - the front desk wouldn't change my room after 9am because they couldn't sell it again. free printing for files sent to the front desk.	
Jul 1 2009 	Fabulous Find	We had two rooms: one with 2 queen beds and one with 2 twins. Clean, quiet and comfortable. Staff was friendly and ready to assist in any way.	
Jun 21 2009	Yes rooms are tiny but I'd stay again for sure with better earplugs!	Stayed one night this month at the WJ with my teen daughter. Got $139 rate from Hotwire (beat that for Theatre District!). Knew from other reviews that the room would be tiny - the sink was like a camper sink! Had to move the faucet out of the way to wash my face. Had a 2nd floor streetside room, knew it might be noisy but had earplugs and my daughter sleeps with her Ipod anyway. And it was noisy! Next time (and I would go back) I'll try to get a room on a higher floor, but not sure if that would've made that much difference. On the plus side, the location was PERFECT, a 10 minute walk to our Broadway show, I felt very safe, and the place was very clean. Nice towels and linens. And we got take out Italian from Maria Pia across the street, which was very good.	
Jun 19 2009 	Satisfaction all depends on the room you get!	Other than a HORRIBLE first night stay, this place was a great stay. At check-in, they made us wait a bit because they said our room &quot;wasn't ready yet&quot; even though we were well past check-in time. Waiting was no big deal, but then another guest came down and turned in his room key and they gave him a new room key. They then immediately called us up and gave us this guest's old room key. I should have known then, someone had already complained about it! The room was literally the size of our bedroom closet at home. There was one full size bed and an tall chest of drawers with the tv way on top, nothing else would fit. The room was so small that the bed was pushed up against the wall on the right side and there was only a tiny space to walk around the left side. There was no place to put our 2 carryon size suitcases and we had to keep them on the bed at the foot while we slept. The size was not even the bad part. The heat was on terribly high so I asked them to come and lower it. When they came up they said they were going to turn it off. When we went to bed that night it was still hot and the heater made a knocking sound all night. It was like a hammer hitting the heater all night and I could not sleep. The good news is the next morning I immediately went to complain and have them cancel the rest of the stay as there was a good looking Hilton across the street, and before I could, they said they would move us to another room immediately. The second room was perfect. Bigger in size, comfortable, normal temperature and quiet! The second room made all the positive reviews on this site make sense. The staff was friendly and I'm glad they moved us immediately. And the location was awesome! Only a couple of blocks from Times Square and surrounded by cute places to eat.	
Jun 1 2009 	Excellent value for money.	As said before The Washington Jefferson Hotel is perfectly situated for a visit to New York City. Especially if it's your first time. You could easily walk to all the main sites from the hotel, but I would recommend buying a Metro Card and using the subway and bus services available. Yes you will get on the wrong subway line or bus (I won't tell you how many times I did that!) and end up wondering where the hell you are, but that's half the fun. And it really is the best way to 'discover' New York.OK, back to the hotel. Yes the rooms are small, but they're clean and they're comfortable. There was a tiny wardrobe (which also contains a safety deposit box) and a dressing table. So not much in the way of storage, but it was adequate for a brief stay and light packer.The bathroom was tiny, but the shower was good. A word of warning though, once sat on 'The Throne' your face is literally an inch from the wash basin. Which is not good, especially after downing one or two Vimto's!We had one of the rooms at the back of the hotel, which had no natural light. And to be honest, the lighting (two lamps) in the room wasn't enough to compensate for the lack of daylight. But on a positive note, the room was quiet, so we decided to stay put.I would stay at this hotel again, and I would recommend it to a friend. But I would ask for a room with more daylight.**WARNING** In every restaurant they add the tip to your bill! They don't tell you and they still expect a tip on top! I found this practice rather annoying and underhand. I know the US has a strong tipping culture, but isn't a tip meant to be discretionary and a reward for good customer service? With the exception of a couple of restaurants, good customer service was scarce.	
May 28 2009 	Great hotel for first timers	The hotel was very clean and the location was fabolous. Within minutes of times square, rock a fella and empire state building it was well worth staying at. The hotel was nothing special and our first room which was at the back had very poor lighting. staff were very friendly and accomdating and moved us to a room facing the front however because of its location if you are a light sleeper be warned. It can get very noisey because the hotel is just off the main street off 8th Ave. Overall well worth staying for the first time to New York however personally now i've done the tourist things i would stay in the financial district. Its reasonably priced and clean and all the facilities are really good near by. Don't eat at Linda's Cafe not far from there go to the Cosmic Diner instead much much better food and better priced.	
May 21 2009 	Great location very friendly staff basic but clean.	I recently stayed at the Washington Jefferson Hotel New York. The Hotel is in a fantastic location you are 5 mins walk from Times Square and right beside all the theatres and although basic, it is very clean and the staff are very friendly. I also felt very safe walking around that area. I actually found the hotel through Trip advisor and had prepared myself for the rooms to be tiny as this was one of the criticisms people had, but I was pleasantly surprised, we had the double Queen room and I found it was fine, not sure if we were just lucky with the room, but there were 3 adults sharing and although it wasn’t a castle the room was comfortable enough. All in all I would say great value for money.	
May 9 2009 	Great for the money!	For the location and price, this place is great. It's located right near the theater district and there are lots of little restaurants nearby. The rooms are basic - and pretty tiny - there's hardly any space between the walls and the bed, but it's clean and comfortable. The hotel staff is very friendly and I felt safe walking back to the hotel even at night after a show. Overall, it's a great deal.	
Apr 15 2009	Clean local convenient - great location and value for money	My daughter and I visited NYC for my daughters 21st birthday present. The WJ is in a great location, close to Times Square without the hustle and buslte of the square disturbing our sleep. The rooms are tiny - however they are very clean, the maid service is excellent. Towels and sheets are changed on request. We did not eat in the Hotel, though it always looked busy. The satff were helpful and friendly. The location is great for moving around NYC, handy for subway and there are always Taxis around. We walked up town to central park and down to lower mid town to Macey's, We took the subway to Soho. I was concerned about safety when walking and using the subway but we were fine, we felt very safe. Our stay was very enjoyable and we would stay here again	
Apr 3 2009 	Great Hidden Gem	I stayed at this hotel 4 nights in March and what a 4 nights they were. This hotel is located just off broadway/times sq (not even 2min walk). I was out every night and always felt safe walking to and from the hotel. Room was clean and crisp, fresh towels every day, exactly the right size for myself and the length of stay (I went for the single). Staff were.. ok... any conversation was started by me, including the morning &quot;hello&quot;. I was not shown to my room but told where it was. Other than that I can't fault the place!-----Tips-----Cosmic Diner on 52nd and 8th ave. - Great place for any meal, frendly staff, good price and GREAT meals.REMEMBER - I was charged $50 per night for a security deposit for the room, budget that in!!!Landing at Newark - Get the bus to port authority on 41st &amp; 8th, $15 one way and 5-10min walk to hotel... beats $60+ for a taxi!!	
Mar 19 2009 	Lovely Time.	Great Location. Like a block and a half from times square and under a $10 cab ride from Penn Station.We ended up seeing a broadway show and it was like three blocks from the hotel.Me and my boyfriend decided on taking a quick trip to New York City. I booked the hotel the night before for a cheep (for NYC) $100 a night. We arrived at 9am and the checkin was at 3pm. The front desk held our luggage for use and at about 1pm called me on my cell phone to let me know my room was ready early. The room was rather small but very nice and had a very comfy down bed. The gentleman at the front desk gave us lots of directions and suggestions on places and ways to get there in the city. When returning later in the early evening the gentlemen who took our bags to our room asked us what we were thinking about for dinner. And when we said we wanted fish he volenteered to get us a few names of places that where good in the area. He returned with a paper with some nice places as well as phone numbers, what is good to get there, and directions from the hotel. I was impressed. All in all, I was impressed with the customer service! I would stay there again in a heartbeat!	
Mar 12 2009 	A gret location and service	I had a rough time when I was trying to book a hotel for my vacation with my wife to NYC. Most of the hotels were expensive and it was hard to choose where to stay. The WJ Hotel was conveniently located close to Broadway (one block); Times Square (9 blocks) and Subway stations (had three ones close-by). We got there at 3 am since our flight got delayed so we ended up in a non-street facing room which turned out to be very tiny with very poor floor plan. However, the next day the receptionist changed us to a street-facing room and it was tremendously larger and easily to walk around (bear in mind that all of NYC hotels have small rooms compared to other places). Everything was very clean and the staff was very friendly and helpful. I will definitely stay there on my next visit to NYC.	
Feb 19 2009 	we got a great deal at a fancy NYC hotel	Great deal for $135 and my son got his for $100. I can see how it would be noisy, but we had a corner room. Rooms are small but clean and nice hard bed.	
Feb 16 2009 	Clean - but matchbox sized room with hobbit sized wardrobe!	Well let's start with the positive. The hotel is in a great location, just off Times Square in the heart of the Theatre District and I've got to say that unlike others, I found the staff very pleasant and helpful, for example a French lady was checking into the hotel at the same time as us who informed the reception staff she didn't have any dollars on her person so would struggle to pay the cab! Whilst myself and my boyfriend looked at each other in amusement, the porter offered to pay for the cab out of his own pocket and the lady could repay him later. Very trusting and kind I thought! Also there is a great little restaurant over the road that looks tacky (it has bright yellow signs outside) but gets very full with locals who obviously know it to be great inside.With regards to the room, the bathroom is very modern and there is a nice flat screen TV and ipod docking station in the room, however these little touches do not detract from the fact it is absolutely tiny and hardly big enough to move - and I am only 5&quot;3! I was staying at the hotel for my friend's wedding and my dress didn't even fit into the wardrobe which is literally hip height and pointless for that reason! There is nowhere to put your suitcase and only inches of free floor space. My boyfriend had to sit on the bed (which by the way were 2 twins despite us booking a double) in order that I could negotiate my way around the room! There was no way we could have both got ready in the room at once.I have stayed in NYC hotels before so I do know that most rooms are small-ish but I am not kidding when I say this one takes the biscuit. OK it is only a base and it was clean, but seriously, it would have been nice to have somewhere to hang my clothes! We paid £500 each for 4 nights because of the time of year my friend chose to get married, and although it was nice to see NYC at Christmas, I think I would chose to visit again at a different time of the year and spend my money on a better class of hotel!	
Feb 6 2009 	Shoebox size room unfriendly staff and bed bugs!	We arrived in style to the Washington Jefferson hotel in a Limo feeling like VIPS, but when we got into the hotel reception it was a different story.On booking in they informed us they would need a credit card to hold $250 on if we watched any movies etc, luckily my boyfriend had one (which i don't). They should of informed us of this before, because if neither of us didn't have a credit card we could'nt have afforded the cash.Once in the room i though it seemed ok as we would'nt be spending long in there. The bed was very comfy but we had minimal space between the bed an the wall, it was like been in a shoebox. The bathroom was too small barely had space to move.My mum and sister both stayed there too with their partners, they complained of some form of bed bugs in the bed as they could'nt stop itching.The only plus in the rooms was the wide screen TV, which i suppose they had to compensate for because the size of the room.The temperature in the room was ridiclous, we were nearly passing out the last day, and had to pack our case in our underwaer.The lift broke down one day and they where in no rush to fix it, the hotel staff paid the same attention to the lift as they did to us, not interested. We never got asked how our holiday was going or anything.I would definitely go back to NY in the summertime but would definitely not go back to this hotel. It would be too overbearing in the summer heat, would pass out in the shoebox, and they would most probably have the heating on. as the hotel staff are in a world of their own.	
Jan 17 2009	Great location	We arrived in NYC on a Tues. afternoon. Arrived at hotel around 2pm, and our room was available to check in. I had previously informed the hotel that we were celebrating our anniversary, and upon entrance to the junior suite, found a bottle of wine awaiting us. The queen size bed was comfortable, as was the temp in the room. Bathroom was roomy enough with plenty of hot water pressure in the shower. Our room was located on the ground floor with two windows in the bedroom and one in the bathroom. The staff was very pleasant and accomodating. We'll definately stay again!	
Jan 16 2009	Great .. will definately stay again	WJ is an excellent hotel for budget travellers. Its in a superb location.. agree it is a little noisy, but hey, its NYC! If its peace and quiet you want, you're in the wrong city! Just use ear plugs at night and you're fine. WJ has everything you want for a great stay in Manhattan.. *very* comfortable **huge** bed (we had Deluxe room - 387). Nice, warm bathroom with very powerful shower and gorgeous, thick, white towels. Staff very friendly, welcoming and polite.We had a great time at this hotel and will definately stay there again.	
Jan 11 2009 	Nice but tiny and noisy	We visited in the beginning of Dec. which is peak tourist time. This was my fourth trip to NYC in 4 years and by far the tiniest room with the highest price. The first room (Room 101) was the the size of a walk in closet and near the elevator and delivery area. What I did not know was that hotels receive deliveries in the middle of night so we were constantly awakened with the constant noise and delivery and hotel staff talking right outside our room. After two nights we requested a different room and this was honored. We were moved to an even smaller room (!), but quieter on the 5th floor. Overall the rooms were very clean, but without closets and no room to put your luggage. Staff was very polite and accomodating, especially the bellman London.We paid $249/night on Hotwire. Hotwire rated it as 3 star, but AAA only gives it 2 stars. Rooms are very high during this time of year with people sightseeing, shopping, see the Rockettes show, Rockefeller Christmas tree, etc. I would not visit NYC again at this time of year due to the high costs. I would stay at the WJ again, but only at a much lower price.	
Jan 7 2009 	Will definitely return!	As others have said, the room was small, the room was warm (but the windows open easily so no big deal), but it was very clean, comfortable, in a safe area with lots of great restaurants around. I don't stay in luxury hotels because I don't spend any time in the room, but if you're looking for a luxury hotel, stay elsewhere. If you're a Rick Steves type of traveler, you'll love this hotel. The staff were all very nice and helpful. Great South African restaurant right across the street (best chicken soup I've ever eaten!) and great Afghan food a few blocks away on 9th. We paid approx. $200/night so it was well worth the money.	
Jan 2 2009 	We thought it was great	Overall, the hotel is nice, newly renovated, staff friendly and well located. Why not a 5 star (?)...the rooms are really small. Upon arrival, we requested an upgrade for an addt'l $30 a night. For the length of our stay (1 week), the room was entirely too small to function. The junior suite was, however, a normal sized room...and the bathroom was a huge step up from the standard room (I felt like I was in an RV!)...the shower head is to die for - very powerful...a perfect way to end a very long day. The location is great - 4 blocks from Time Square. Starbucks &amp; McD's 2 blocks over. WJ is close enough to major attractions, but far enough that you don't hear the traffic. We discovered &quot;Cosmic Diner&quot;....it delivers to your room 24/7 and the food is decent and fairly priced; 2 sandwiches, side of fries, 2 sodas &amp; dessert for $30. Be weary of House of Brews next door...not so cheap; 2 burgers with fries $35. There are no vending machines or bottled water in the hotel and you must ask staff for ice. My husband, gives it a 'thumbs up'.	
Dec 30 2008 	Excellent choice	This hotel was great. The staff friendly and helpful. The room was small, but comfortable. Bathroom was roomy. Great location in NYC, close to everything. Fantastic Italian restaurant directly across the street. I will make this hotel my first choice on any future visit to NYC.	
Dec 20 2008 	Service makes up for minor issues	We left our visit entirely impressed. Yes, the room is small, but this is NYC. Yes it was not cheap, but it was cheaper than most in NYC and very conveniently located. The room though small was very comfortable, the bed was decent, the bathroom was nice, a fresh rose in the room. What made our stay special was the service from not just 1-2 of the staff, but every single person we encountered was just so kind and beyond helpful. We got great advice on where to eat, great directions. I don't mean your standard restaurant suggestion, but literally hotel staff researching online, and coming to our room with phone numbers to several restaurants, offering to make reservations. This is not the type of hotel that has a concierge, this is the bell and desk staff genuinely helping. They do have a restaurant attached, separate owners, but possible to get a drink in the hotel, and next door a sports bar. Overall the rooms were warm. We questioned (not complained) and they brought us an air conditioner. We found cracking the window 2 inches did the trick. The bath was nice but not enough places to put our stuff, a little difficult to maneuver around, a cabinet instead of a closet-- typical small room like a European room. We were not in our room long enough to worry about it, and the price was right, so we would stay here again. I felt the service here was on par with a higher end higher priced hotel, with bell service, hailing us cabs, greeting us every time we left or returned. Kudos to London the bell boy, he was a great host.	
Dec 9 2008 	Very nice hotel!	This hotel is an excellent value for the Times Square neighborhood. For 2 people spending 2-3 nights, this hotel is more than sufficient. Yes, the rooms are small....but CLEAN and nicely decorated. The elevator is older but the marble floors, nice lobby furniture and friendly staff make up for the tiny rooms. Our internet wasn't &quot;high speed&quot; every time but hey, it was free.The heat was an issue, but every hotel in Manahattan is stuffy and warm if you ask me. The window opened easily, so we were able to adjust. There's a nice deli on the corner of 8th and 51st, they even remembered how I took my coffee on the 2nd day!Irish bar nextdoor serves good brews from all over and decent food as well. All in all it was a very surprisingly nice &quot;boutique&quot; style hotel.	
Dec 9 2008 	Great Location 	We just spent the weekend (Sat and Sun) in NYC for some Christmas shopping, the Van Gogh exhibit at MoMA, and the city nightlife. We ended up at the Washington Jefferson through Hotwire for less than $450 (inc taxes/fees) for both nights. It was a great location and a good value for the money we paid. If I had paid $450 a night (like another reviewer), my overall rating would be lower and would be based on value for the dollars paid.The hotel lobby is updated in marble and sports a modern look. Elevator is small, and stairs are also available. The staff was very polite and helpful. They stored our luggage as we arrived before noon. And they also arranged for a car to the airport early Mon morning. Very friendly.The room (385) was small, but that was expected. The bed was very comfy with a down comforter and excellent sheets. There was only 3-4 feet either side of the bed, and an open radiator on the window-side. I would not recommended for families because of these points, but great for on-the-go couple or girls weekend. There is a small desk and chair, as well as a small wardrobe (inc. safe and iron).The noise level was ok. Some late night traffic and the early morning garbage and delivery stops. You will get this anywhere in the city and was not out of the norm. The bathroom is updated in marble. It is tiny, a one-room affair. But, it has all you need. Great fluffy Frette towels, quality toiletries, and a phone!There is no coffee in the room or the lobby. The early morning caffeine fiend will need to run to the corner diner for the coffee jolt. There is a sushi restaurant next door, and several bistros / bars on the same street, and you have all of the city to find your perfect food!The location is super. Right near the heart of the city for theater, concerts, shopping, museums, and sight seeing. We walked everywhere we wanted to go -- maybe that's why we slept so well!I would definitely return to the WJ and recommend to friends at the price point we paid. It was a pleasant surprise and a great weekend getaway for us!	
Dec 8 2008 	Horrible Hotel Experience...actually one of the Worst!	We were really looking forward to a long weekend getaway...and just to be very honest, this hotel took some of the happiness out of this trip. We thought at $420. a night, we would at least get a room large enough to put our luggage in or even to store it...no, there was no room, could not regulate the heat (we literally burned up). The heat is the old steam heaters and could not be turned off....we left out for the evening, thought it was off, and came back to find my luggage so hot that it could have burned up(it was sitting NEAR, not next to the heater). The mattress was sooo hard, we stayed up off and on all night. Trying to make the best of a horrible stay, we asked to be moved to another room with more room,asking for just a queen size bed...same thing, except we were able to turn the heat off, but then we froze! It was 29' at night, and 40' in day....snowing on Saturday night. The shower/water pressure was great, but the shower was soo small and the head was so high up, our heads got drenched, but couldn't really bathe the rest of our body. AND...included in all this, there are no soda/bottled water machines, no complimentary coffee, no coffee to even purchase. Literally ,if you want anything to drink, you walk a block...whether it be morning, night, or in the middle of thenight. Personally, the hotel web site makes it out to be much more than it is...we travel a lot each year and many times to Bermuda, Europe, etc. This hotel was one of our most disappointing ones ever. We will NEVER stay here again, and have learned a big lesson in acquiring info and reading reviews on hotels. We usually do, but just didn't take the time on this one! Never again!	
Nov 12 2008 	Not cheap - but not bad	Stayed her for four nights in early October 2008. Like many was a little concerned by reviews citing small rooms etc. The Not So Good... Room IS small by US standards but good for NYC. Bathroom also small (but this allowed my wife to stay in bed longer while I got dressed!) Window mounted aircon unit a little unpredictable and view uninspiring (onto an internal courtyard). Location is a little scary at night. But... The Good... Hotel staff very friendly and helpful (as was all the New Yorkers we met). Big bed (by our standards) Flat screen TV. Good cross-section of guests - airline staff, business people etc. The scaryness of the location is more in your head than in reality - provided you take the normal sensible precautions that most people do. Location is great - short walk to Times Square etc and spoilt for choice with eateries on 9th Avenue. Take the opportunity to talk to the locals and see how really friendly they are - after all you are not going to stay in your room all day are you?! Hotel rooms in NYC ARE expensive (we had a higher class room at Dupont Circle in DC later in our trip for less than we payed in NYC) but the WJ provides a good, clean safe base for a short trip. I wasn't looking forward to staying in New York and saw it as a necessary evil before moving on to Washington DC. But my wife and I are already making plans to return in two years time and will probably stay again at the WJ or similar - the Waldorf Astoria being a little out of our league!PS:The lift/elevator - everything you've read is true! We walked down at all times!	
Oct 13 2008 	AMAZING	I stayed at the Washington Jeff. for 3 nights. Great rates, great location (3 blocks from Times Square, 5 block away from MOMA, surrounded by great restaurants), recently renovated, they have free wireless in the rooms. It was a very very pleasant surprise.	
Oct 13 2008 	Solid choice in Midtown Manhattan if the price is right..	Well, as has been pointed out elsewhere, the rooms are small. Quite small. However, that's a fault you'll find in most mid-range hotels in NYC so I won't mark it down on that alone.Now that's out of the way, the WJ isn't a bad hotel. The rooms were clean and comfortable, the staff were friendly and the location us unbeatable. The subway is around the corner, opening up NYC while the local area has tons of restaurants to choose for, along with being a short walk to Times Sq, Columbus Circle, Port Authority Bus station etc. As such, if you're looking for a nice, central location and reasonable comfort (if not space) and you can get this hotel at a reasonable price, I certainly wouldn't pass it up. My room had a nice walk in shower that was roomy and powerful - something I do like in a hotel!Two negatives - small slow lifts (an old building, so not all that surprising) and the free wifi is very unreliable (great to have it, but not so great when the connection drops every minutes!).If the price was right, I'd stay again however.	
Sep 1 2008 	Great location safe for single moms with children	I recently stayed at the WJ hotel and was pleasantly surpirsed.I was nervous after reading the other reviews online, but everyones perception is different. I have nothing but Great things to say about the hotel, staff, room, location and overall experience of NYC. I took my 8 yr. old son to the Yankees and Giants game and even took in a show ( The Lion King, GREAT). I was nervous with being there with a small child and getting around town.. Everything was in walking distance and I have only the best to say about the hotel and the staff. I will recommend this hotel to all my friends and will difinetly stay there again...........Thanks WJ hotel for making out trip to NYC the best........	
Aug 24 2008 	Great hotel - great location!!!	I just returned from a wknd in NYC and I stayed at the WJ with a friend. We booked thru Expedia and got a great deal - $608 each for flight from Toronto to LaGuardia and 2 nights at the WJ. That is with taxes and everything! We requested a room with two single beds and we got it! We were extremely surprised by the cleanliness and updated hotel. Yes it is small but it is NYC. The room was very cosy for two people with two suitcases. The washroom is petite but the extras were amazing! Flat screen tv on the wall, iPOD docking station/alarm clock, desk, small armoire, comfy bed and extremely comfy linens and an AC unit!!!We absolutely loved it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Be warned it is an old building so the hallways are narrow and the elevator is TINY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I mean two people and two suitcases (max) tiny!!!It is a short walk to Times Square and there is also a subway stop not even a block away (right at 51st street and 8th ave).If would like to get some wine for your room, there is a liquor store on 8 avenue south of 51st street on the east side of the street. Warning: If you are Canadian, they don't sell beer / liquor in the same store. Wine and liquor is sold in the &quot;liquor&quot; store and beer is sold in the drug stores and other pharmacy like places. Duane Reid is the big chain and if I remember correctly there is one close to the hotel.If you want some nice little eateries, walk on 51st over the 9th avenue. Both ways (north and south) there are lots of great places. For a quick and cheap breakfast go to Renaissance 99 on 9th ave north of 51st street.Word of advice - if you want to really see NYC without 100's of people in your way - DO NOT GO AT THE END OF AUGUST!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I have been to NYC two other times - once during the month of May and once during the month of September - both better times to visit!TIPS FROM MY EXPERIENCES IN NYC:1 - The subway is a fabulous way to get around the city! It is a bit scary the first time you attempt to figure out where you are going but once you do = look out! It is amazing! It is $2.00 a ride but you get can ride cards from the machines inside the station. Also, take the time to figure out what line and what train to be on. We learned this the hard way. There are 'express' trains and 'local' trains. The express train only stops at certain stops even though it lists all the stops and the line map. 2 - Want an amazing mexican restaurant and an amazing experience? Check out La Esquina in SOHO.3 - Times Square - Great for photos and to experience it but it is way tooooo crowded and frustrating with all the people!4 - Look at the crosswalk signs before crossing the street. People don't seem to wait until the light changes in NYC. They just walk across the street - it is a drivers worst nightmare. You can easily get caught in the flow of the crowd and you are so busy looking around you don't realize you are walking thru moving traffic!!!!!!!!5 - Don't take the HOP ON/HOP OFF red bus by Grayline. A waste of money when it is busy. If you get on for a loop, make sure you have LOTS of time AND you don't plan on hopping off b/c if you start with a top level seat you won't get one again after the first stop! Horrible service and if you are on the bottom level it isn't worth it! Walking/subway is a better way to get around!6 - Taxi's - take them! Super cheap and super fast!!!!!!!7 - If you don't know the city, make sure you get a really good map of the city. We had to ask a few new yorkers how to find subway stops and liquors stores and they couldn't tell us anything!!!!!!!!!!8 - Century 21 - if you have lots of patience and time to stand in crowds, do it but otherwise it is a head ache.9 - Magnolia Bakery (from SATC) - ok cupcakes - not that great and after the bull&amp;#(% you go thru to get into store and get your cupcakes really not worth it! You have to stand in line to get in and then once you get in, the area where the cupcakes are is about 6'x6' and women turn into monsters when they are in there! We ended up getting pushed around and getting covered in icing b/c we were being polite and standing to get our cupcakes in the same order that we entered the store - UM NO! It seems it is a free for all to get cupcakes once you are in!!!!!!!10 - Check out greenwich / soho / west village area - great art vendors!!!!	
Aug 1 2008 	Bad room Worse Management	Got to the room and the WINDOW a/c unit, (yes they have window units!) wasn't working. The couldn't fix it and didn't have another room. We went to another hotel at midnight after being in the hotel less than an hour and they won't refund our money. Not even part of it! The terrible manager, didn't even apologize or offer a discount. The hotel is in a good spot near broadway and the receptionist was nice, but just not worth $300/night. Spend the extra $100 and get a real nice hotel.	
Jul 28 2008 	NOt all that Great	A friend booked this hotel thru Hotels .com. We requested 2 rooms with 2 beds each, we didnt get it. THey said that it was only a request on our part . When we arrived we only had one room and the other they were going to try to squeeze us in. We finally gave in and they found us one extra rm. for us with king size bed. We were 4 womens travelling together and much have preferred a bed each. THe rooms are extremely small, no mirror in the room only inside the bathroom. The bathroom also very small. In addition the room did not have an actual closet only a dresser like thing that housed very few items, no drawers either. The staff at the front desk were not friendly nor accomodating at all. The belboys etc were. They deserve their tips. Also were were bumped from a flight and the hotel was not able to assist us either. !All in all the hotel was not bad for a couple of nites but no big deal. Oh, the best part was the restaurant across the street, Vice versa, it is incrediblly good. Enjoy.	
Jul 24 2008	Good and bad	I had mixed feelings about the hotel. I booked it on priceline and got a decent rate. The room though was small-and I mean small-two people can't pass each other in it. We estimated it to be about 7x10. Smaller than my dorm room in college. The bed was a queen and like sleeping on a brick with pillows that were limp-barely any stuffing. If you don't shower with the door open it gets so hot the ceiling starts to drip. At 3am my husband had an allergic reaction and needed ice to bring some swelling down on his face and the hotel didn't have any. No ice machines, no vending machines. We had to go to the 24 hour rite aid to get an ice pack. The elevator is tiny and not very condusive to someone who would be in a wheelchair.I will say it was in a very convenient location-just blocks away from times square. It was a clean hotel and the front desk staff were very nice and helpful. The cosmic diner on 8th right by the hotel is good food at a good price and opened 24 hours.	
Jul 23 2008 	Nice hotel	Choosing hotel in NY isn't easy. This is one that has a fair price and still is clean and fresh. The reviews say the rooms aren't big, and sure - they're not huge. But me, I'm european, it was pretty much a standard sized hotel room (we stayed in a standard double). It has the bed, a desk a closet and some floor space. We couldn't have both our suitcases open and on the floor and still get around but we weren't in NY to enjoy the view over our suitcases in our hotel room!!The location is ok - it's close to Times Square and it's pretty much just a block to the nearest subway. The area is quite and calm, well as calm as it can be on Manhattan.Personally I would choose another hotel when going to NY the next time, but that's just because I'd prefer to stay in Soho or West Village, but if you don't mind the location - the hotel is clean and nice, the staff is helpful and the prices are fair!	
Jul 12 2008	AWESOME LOCATION	I am amazed by all the negative reviews on this hotel. We have stayed at the Washington Jefferson three times w/ 3 different room types. The standard with a queen bed is very small, so I would spend a little more for the deluxe. If you are going cheap, you can't complain if you end up with a small room. We have also stayed in the 2 twins which was big enough for my husband and I. We booked a deluxe w/ 2 twins, this last time, and found once we arrived that we had been upgraded to a deluxe with 2 queens (room 336) which was very roomy. The rooms which face 51st are kind of noisy, so you may want to ask for a room on the back side. Although, keep in mind you will only have a view of the other side of the building. The hotel is a block from the A,C,and E line which will just about take you just about anywhere (Central Park and Time Square are one stop away). You can also take this line to Canal Street and South Street. Rockefeller and St. Patricks are 3-4 blocks away. The E line will also take you to Jamaica Station which is linked to JFK by the airtrain. Found that we could get to and from the airport in 45 min for $14 a piece rather than around $60 by taxi. The hotel will also hold your luggage if you arrive before check-in at 3, or after check-out at 12.The beds aren't like home, but I haven't stayed in that aren't that comfortable. I've haven't experienced a dirty room either. They have all been very clean.	
Jul 8 2008 	Nice stop	Depending on your tastes for room size, this is a nice place to stay. The room we had was very small, but we found it to be okay for our needs. The specs: there was no closet, just a little wardrobe/locker thingy; no fridge; tiny ironing board; no tub, etc. Really, the room is just big enough for a bed and a small amount of luggage. But it was quaint, and clean. And it had a gym, also tiny but enough for a bit of a sweat.I guess the best word to sum up this little hotel is compact. If you can deal with that, it is a nice stay on a great side street just off the theatres. An added bonus is the diners, drug stores and grocery stores in walking proximity on 8th avenure, and a great little pub next door.We would stay here again.	
Jul 7 2008 	Great place to stay in the heart of NYC!	After reading about how small the rooms were, we were a bit nervous. However, with two kids and a spouse, we were pleasantly surprised with the room (2 QN bed- room). The room was clean the linens were spotless and 4-5 star hotel quality. The location was awesome, within a walking distance from all the action spots. The hotel was super friendly and courteous.. One note: the front desk manager (Arbel) could use some training on customer service skills (smiling, greeting and showing the will to help his patrons..etc).. -We will definitely consider staying in this hotel again.	
Jun 28 2008 	Definitely stay again	I would defintely stay here again, fantastic location, walking distance to all the main attractions and the subway. They had helpful staff, I had a clean, quiet room with a comfortable bed. It was a little pricey but you get what you pay for.	
Jun 25 2008	Great location in New York	Ok all the other reviews say all the rooms are tiny in this hotel - yes they are - but it excels in all other areas. My boyfriend and I booked a deal and flew out the next day to NYC and were keen to have somewhere placed centrally for all activities. The location of this place is perfect...not too noisy or near a busy street, yet only a couple of blocks from Central Park north of the hotel and a couple of blocks south to Time Square. New York is quite small and we walked easily to Macy's around 33rd from 51st where the hotel is situated. The bathroom/shower in this hotel was a delight, decorated to a high standard and very clean and fresh. The room was fine, with a flat screen tv, ipod speakers so you can plug in your fav tunes whilst getting ready to hit the town. Even a hairdryer, iron and ironing board. For where it is, the rate and the quality of the room you can't go wrong. Plus location is key - you shouldn't be staying in your room too long with such a great city to explore all around you - enjoy - recommended!	
Jun 18 2008 	Clean room terrible bed	The bed in this room was only a firm top mattress on a wooden platform, no boxspring. This made the bed extremely uncomfortable to sleep on, or even sit on. Since the room was booked primarily as a place to sleep between walking trips around the city, the bad night's sleep the bed provided took a toll on my resilience. If a comfortable bed is high on your list of expectations, this hotel is not for you.That being said, the room was very nice and clean, despite it's tiny size (the smallest room I've ever seen). The free wifi worked well and the room has a nice 32&quot; flat screen TV. The shower pressure was great and the bathroom in general was much nicer and more stylish than other hotels I've stayed in, for whatever that is worth. Also, despite the hard mattress, the soft headboard made sitting on the bed a little more tolerable and the blankets and sheets were of good quality.Other small complaints are that our headboard was right against someone else's door which slams uncontrollably, waking us up multiple times throughout our stay. The window had a view only of the brick wall of the next building, and the air conditioner (which wouldn't have to work too hard to cool such a small room) is right at the foot of the bed, making it a little hard to regulate the temperature while sleeping.Overall, the room wasn't bad, for the price, but I would personally not want to stay here again unless they put proper beds in.	
Jun 17 2008 	Great Location but some need to knows.	Keep in mind this was my first stay in a NYC hotel. Great location near theaters and time square. Hotel staff was nice and helpful. Room was clean but very small (which may be the norm in NYC). Wireless internet was free, but reception was on/off and very slow (this might have been due to the location of my room). Of the five nights, we were awaken twice at 4:30 am by the garbage truck. Overall, this was good value for a hotel in this area. Lots of resatutants and entertainment within a few blocks. You just have to decide if location is more important to you.	
Jun 16 2008 	Great Hotel!!	We stayed in this hotel for only one night, but it really was such a good find! It was a reasonable price for a NY hotel, rooms were quite small but very modern with nice bathrooms. Couldnt have asked for anything better. Very pleased.	
May 13 2008 	Great little hotel	We found this little diamond i N Y. It's not luxury, it's not big, it's really nothing special BUT it's good value for the money, it's clean and it has a great location. After 12-14 hours doing N Y it's good to come &quot;home&quot; to a warm shower, clean towels, a good bed and a big TV. We had read that the rooms were pretty small so we took a superior room. That was good invested money!We ate the breakfasts at restaurants in the neighbourhood. (down on 8th street) It was just like american movies from the 60's and we loved it.For eating lunch/dinner we also recommend the restaurants but on the 9th street. E g &quot;Island burger&quot; and a thairestaurant on 9th/51st (could have been 52nd)	
Apr 23 2008 	Not as bad as people are making it out to be	We stayed 4 nights in the hotel. As I have read the other reviews, I was a bit worried. I found the hotel on Hotwire, so my rate was a little cheaper. I was nervous about the size of the room though – and with good reason. The room was small! However, it is NYC! Nothing in here is huge and you get what you pay for. There was a small desk, a small closet and a single stall bathroom. The shower had good water pressure and the temp was good. We never had to wait for hot water. There was a flat screen TV in the room also, with an internet keyboard if you did not bring your own laptop. The internet service was horrible though. Not worth the $10 we paid at all. We could barely even navigate through the system and it was a waste. The lobby, hallways and the room were clean. Every employee we ran into were super nice, which is a rare find to find all nice people. They would stop what they were doing and acknowledge you. We even walked around the room in white socks and did not dirty them up at all. The only thing that stunk about the room was our location. We were on the 2nd floor, above the entrance, so we heard everything. We had a window AC unit that let some noise in – it really sounded like the window was open. However, we turned it on due to a small “heat wave” and it really drowned out a bunch of the noise. In the hotels defense, every hotel that I stayed in in NYC that has been on the 5th floor or below has always been loud.The location was great also. We only had to take a cab 2x in 2 days. We were across 8th from the Gershwin Theatre so we walked to go see Wicked. We did do the subway a few days, but the location was perfect! There is a bar/pub next door, so that was a great thing.I would stay here again if I was coming with my husband or best friend. However, I would need to spend a bit more if I was coming with a child to get a bigger room.	
Apr 22 2008	Excellent location	This was our first trip to New York, and after reading some of the negative reviews of the WJ hotel, we are very pleasantly surprised. It was spotlessly clean, the staff were polite and helpful and best of all was the location - it was very quiet (for New York) and very easy to walk to most of the tourist sites. It was also good value - around half the price of some hotels on Times Square. Can recommend breakfast at Georgio's Country Diner, just around the corner. It was excellent. We shall definitely use this hotel again the next time we are in NY....	
Apr 9 2008	Great hotel in NYC	This is a great deal in NYC. Location is excellent, just a few blocks from Times Square (51st St. and 8th). The staff is exceptionally friendly and helpful, room was very nice, clean and well decorated. It was not a very large room, but there was plenty of space. The price was very reasonable for NYC. I would definitely return to this hotel.	
Apr 8 2008 	Great value and location	As a solo traveler, I stayed in one of the single twin bed rooms. The room was very small (approx 7x 9), but the decore is modern, new and tastfully done. Bathroom has new tile and fixtures. Bed was very comfortable, fitted with a fresh comforter. Towels were also felt new, fluffy and fresh. There is a big window that opens, so the room doesn't feel as small. The ability to open the window as useful as the heat did come on one night and made the room very warm. Large flat panel TV and iPod clock radio were nice amenaties. Staff was very friendly and helpful. They even smile when you check in! I stayed here twice during my visit. First time the rate was $185., booked in advanced. Next time I just called the same day and the rate dropped to $155. I suspect if they are not filling rooms, the price goes down last minute.Subway is only 2 blocks away. Port Authority Bus Terminal is a 15 minute walk.	
Apr 6 2008 	Great all the way around!	After reading others' reviews about the room being tiny, we were prepared for a closet. This was NOT the case. We were pleasantly surprised to find the size was comfortable and more than enough room for a weekend stay. The staff was extremely friendly and accommodating. Our room and bathroom were spotless and the shower is great!! Great location on a quieter street while still steps away from Central Park and midtown Manhattan. The only negative comment we could find to make is you could not control the temperature of the room as there was not a thermostat. So our room was a little on the warm side, but you could open a window. Cosmic Diner across the street is fabulous, open 24 hours. Stay away from the outrageously priced Stage Diner. We left after seeing $18.95 for a cheeseburger. We would definitely go back to the WJ again!	
Mar 29 2008 	location location location	The room was very small but so what. Why would you want to be in the room when your steps away from everything NYC has to offer and them some. The place was clean, comfortable and the staff friendly. Other than some coffee in the morning what else can you ask for ?	
Mar 23 2008	ok stay	Our stay didn't start too good. given wrong type of rooms. didn't get sorted until the 2nd night. rooms very small. lock on door was faulty and we got locked into room. very good showers. very good location near time square. stay was ok, won't be going back. i should say that the hotel was clean and staff were friendly.	
Mar 19 2008 	A great hotel for a general NYC visit	Mostly all of the reviews on this hotel that are negative appear to center on room size. Our room was small, yes, but I really can't see what else one could possibly need!The room had a large closet, safe, ipod dock/am/fm radio/alarm unit a comfy bed with lost of room underneath to store cases etc, and a huge tv.The rooms and hotel were immaculatly kept and cleaned daily. They are stylishly appointed and a pleasure to spend an hour or so relaxing in after spending the day walking around the city.We found the service to be excelent. The Cosmic Dinner, on 8th and 52nd, with whom the hotel can get food delivered to your room 24 hrs was great, we kept going back. The Italian restaurant accorss the road was also a great place, with great food and service at reasonable prices.My girlfriend and I are already planning our next trip to the city later this year, and will certainly be trying to stay in the Washington Jefferson again.	
Mar 17 2008 	Great base for the Big Apple	Having read several not-so-favourable comments on this hotel (having already booked it) I was concerned that we may have made a mistake - definitely NOT. Sure the rooms are not huge, but other than that we were well satisfied with the standard of the room, the public areas, the cleanliness and definitely the service. The staff (front desk, housekeeping, bell staff) were all most welcoming and helpful at all times.The property is within 10 minutes walk of Times Square/Broadway, about the same to Central Park. Go a block the other way and there are many well priced, good quality independent restaurants (certainly better value than the chains).We stayed for 3 nights, spending most of the time seeing the sights and are very happy to recommend this hotel as a base.	
Feb 25 2008 	Simply the Best!!!	Ok, I have read a lot of negative reviews about this place, its small, noisy and a slum.. NOT THE CASE AT ALL! Read On... I am a travel agent and a Hotel Review editor, I have stayed at easily 1000 places in my lifetime. Well, my girlfriend bought me tickets for Wicked for Christmas. So we decided to book a hotel within walking distance to the Gershwin Theater. We were tired at staying at all the chain hotels, so we decided to book this independent one, It ws fantastic. First off, After I had booked it, I needed to contact the hotel via email to make sure the reservation i made on the hotels website went through (a step I recommend for anyone booking any hotel)I had an instant email back with my reservation and a personal message welcoming me, I had asked about the complimentery wireless access, as even though on vacation i had to work :(. they explained that the hotel did have wireless, but if it was slow, there was a backup T1 line if needed. Awesome, After a cabbie ripped us off, charging 25 dollars from NY Penn station to 51st, we were in no mood for trouble, Well, when we checked in the Front desk agents were professoinal, nice and very efficient at their job, we had room keys in 3 minutes. We had come up from Pennsylvania by train, during the first major snowstorm of the year. and i had the flu.they understood we were cold, wet, tired and aggitated at the aforementioned cabbie, that we were able to check in early. The room was beutiful, we booked a Superior King with a jacuzzi, the room was NOT small at all, it was very clean, nicely decorated with fine lines and a fresh rose on the nightstand. the bathroom was beautiful, all travertine tile and a platform jacuzzi was just what i needed, in the desk drawers there was plenty of information on what to do in the city, they even printed up the hotels own book about where to go and eat and what to do, it was awesome and very hepful. There is the cosmic diner accross the street, went to run a jacuzzi bath and my girlfrend ordered me some chicken soup at the same time, the diner delevered it even before the tub was done filling, thats how fast they were. We ate at the hotel restaurant schmizu that night, top notch, awesome service in this small, quaint restaurant. I highly recommed the prix fare dnner! Afterward we spoke with London the Concierge about what to do in the nighttime, he not only recommended some hot spots, but sent us to Coyote Ugly and the village, we had a blast, he really knows his stuff! Seek him out at all costs, he even wrote down more ideas for us and delevered them right to our room! We ended up renting a limo for the night to see the town and do the things he recommended. The next day we walked the few short blocks to the theater, enjoyed Wicked and then walked around a little, THIS HOTEL is SO centrally located, you can walk to almost everything in the Theater District and Times square! Basically, I know this is a lot of ranting and raving, but ignore most of the other neg. reviews, true, walls are thin as it is an older hotel, but it was worth every penny and the staff was great and should be commended for their professionalism for 2 girls, one very sick, for the duration of our stay, I will be back to stay there again, you can bet on it!!!Thanks WJ!!! RECOMMEND HIGHLY!!	
Jan 22 2008 	Tiny Rooms Big Disappointment	We stayed here for 4 nights at the beginning of January and unfortunately would not recommend this hotel. As far as location goes, it is situated 5 minutes from Times Square...but then again, so are a lot of (much better) hotels. Having visited New York previously, I was certainly prepared for a small room, however upon checking in, the size of the room was a bit of a shock. The room would be ideal for a single bed, however having squeezed two beds into the room, there was little room for anything else. No closet, drawers, storage etc. Manouvering around our suitcases &amp; subsequent shopiing bags was an absolute nightmare. Bathroom was nicely decorated &amp; good supply of towels, but so tiny that only one person could fit in at any given time. Great I-pod dock in the room, but no tea &amp; coffee making facilities. We encountered two maintnenance problems - constant blazing heat from the radiator (we asked for this to be turned off to no avail) which meant icy blast from windows being left open - terrible! The shower constantly leaked but was fixed (although begrudglingly done by maintenance man).The staff were adequate (doormen = great). Reception staff showed little warmth or welcome.Overall, a highly disappointing hotel stay in New York. There are better hotels at a better price, I'm sure.	
Jan 17 2008 	Big Apple - Small Room!!!	We arrived in NYC for a 6 night holiday, this was our second trip to NYC, previously staying in a hilton hotel on eigth avenue. we arrived at 4pm ish, and walked from Penn Station, which took about ten minutes. we were allocated a room on the ground floor, which was tiny, you walked in and there was the bed, desk and room for very little else!!! So i politley asked the manager at reception of there was a bigger room available as it was just not going to be big enough for my shopping and myself let alone my husband!!!! He was very pleasant and showed me room 570 on the fith floor. It was much better, not huge but adequate enough. The room was terribly hot, so we opened the windows wide, as we were in a room which faced the inside court yard it wasn't a problem leaving them open! We had a queen sized bed, small bed side table with lamp and i-pod docking station, small cupboard with safe, iron etc (not leaving much room for your clothes), desk, comfy chair, luggage stand and bathroom. It was small but all really modern and clean, the bed was very comfy and after 8 hour flight it was just what was needed!Bit of tourist type advice use the subway, it is so easy to use, when you get a metro card which you can buy from a machine generally in each subway, they cost $24 for 7 days and you can use it as many times as you like. Last time we came we got the hop on hop off bus, which was ok but stopped operating at about 8pm. The subway is 24 hours, but like any other big city just be wary using them on you own at night, and if you do get the cab which is at the front as this is where the driver sits.i would definately book here agian, after all this is New York you don't travel this far to spend all the time in your room, and this hotel is very well placed on 51st st, 8th avenue, there is a subway stop at the end of the road and two more going up town and down town at the end of the block!	
Jan 16 2008 	Nice little Hotel in N.Y	Me and My Wife stayed 4 nights in this cozy hotel in Midtown Manhattan on west 51st. We were very close to Restaurant row and theaters. Rooms in Hotel is small but decorated nicely.We liked our Standard room. We also had a nice and really good dinner at the Shimizu Restaurant connected to the hotel. Fantastic sushi!!! The surroundings around the Hotel is also nice. Will return to this hotel again next time we are in New York.	
Jan 7 2008 	Sleeping on a postage stamp.	After booking on Priceline, I read TripAdvisor reviews about the small rooms, looked at the virtual tour and upgraded to a King Room at no extra charge. The room was the smallest I ever stayed in. No closet, but a free standing wardrobe not tall enough to hang a coat in without folding up the bottom. Everything in the room was first rate, bed, flat screen TV which was mountedon the wall, wireless internet, fresh rose bud, quality chocolate. But because of space limitations, no dresser,no ice bucket, no luggage rack, no coffee maker Besides the bed, you just had enough space to walk around the bed. We brought in breakfast and had to put the cups and plates on the window sill.The bathroom had a tiny pedestal sink, no vanity and a shower door which was less than 14 inches wide because if it was any wider, you could not open it as it would hit the toilet bowl.The lobby is lovely and the help, especially bellmen were very nice.Our fifth floor room faced 51st St, a block with a bunch of bistros with outdoor seating. People sat at the outdoor tables in 25 degree weather conversing loudly until 2:30 AM making sleep very difficult. At 3 AM, the private carting companies arrived followed by the city garbage pickup at 4:30 AM.We had booked with Priceline in New York City many times before, always with great satisfaction, but never in the West Side district where this hotel is located. If possible, I advise you to stay away from this West Side area and spend a little more as there really are no class hotels in this area.	
Jan 3 2008 	great location - room not so great	Stayed in the Washington Jefferson, from 29th. November to 4 December 2007. Found the location great, right beside times square etc and only short walk to Central Park. The lobby of hotel is nice, small as epxected but welcoming. The reception staff were friendly and helpful. The rooms as expected were small, however the heating system dreadful. As mentioned by other members, the noise, tapping and hissing bad, and we were roasted out of it most nights. We did ask to have it turned off but the porter wasn't able to adjust it.We had to leave window open most nights, and it was freezing outside. The room was however very clean and we didn't spend much time in it. We had no problem with street noise as not in front room.The Sortie bar/restaurant across the road great for breakfast. Friendly staff and lovely choice for brekkie, omlettes, pancakes, bacon etc, the bar was humming at night.  We did try the italian restaurant across the road as well, but food wasn't great and the pasta wasn't fresh, but not too expensive and good atmosphere.We are planning another trip to new york 2009 and I would definitely use this hotel again, it was quite inexpensive compared to others in that location.	
Dec 27 2007	Great place to stay for a short time.	The Washington-Jefferson is located in midtown west in the theater district between 8th and 9th on 51st. Hell's kitchen is just around the corner on 9th with 20-30 ethnic restaurants which the locals frequent and are reasonably priced. The hotel is easy walking distance from Central Park, Times Square, Rockefeller Center and really just about all midtown attractions. The rooms are very small and usually without a view, but really similar to European hotels, so anyone familiar with European travel will feel at home. Rooms are clean and well maintained with comfortable beds. They have flat screen TV's and adequate bathrooms and showers. The staff was really friendly and helpful. We felt there wasn't anything they wouldn't do to make us happy. We saw several airline crew staff staying here which says something about the hotel's value and comfort. For singles and couples who will be out and about enjoying New York's attractions and not spending a lot of time in the hotel room, this is a great place to stay based on it's location, value and staff.	
Dec 26 2007 	WJ a great place to stay	We enjoyed our stay from Dec. 13-17. I appreciated the fresh rose that was in our room and also the jacuzzi tub with armrests. After walking all day long, it was a special treat to relax in that tub. Not all the rooms have jacuzzis, so request one and you'll be glad you did. Everything was within walking distance, including subway entrance. The staff was very pleasant and helpful. The only thing I can fault is the heating system, which is a bit antiquated. We made do by propping open a window, but then you hear the sirens. Every day was so full that we were still able to sleep well. I would return to the WJ.	
Dec 23 2007	Never Again!!!!!	Our first impression of our room was WOW, it was a deluxe and quite spacious.On our first night stay there was a problem with the boiler and pipes and they banged loudly all night n our walls keeping us up/ When we complained the follwing morning, the staff were un pleasant and not very interested and we'd been charged $425.They agreed to move us rooms, it was smaller but still resaonable space and clean.Theres obviously a problem with the heating, there is no temp gage so you are either very very hot or very very cold!!!!! The system is an old oil one ad they hiss disturbing your sleep. Needless to say, didn't get much sleep anyway, road very busy with dustbin men at all hours, drunks shouting from the pub a couple of doors away and windows single glased and one didn't shut proper so couldn't keep noise out.Found staff - Un friendly, especially when on complaint.Radiators, Dusty and dirty.Rip Off and Bad experince for us as 1st time in NY.NEVER AGAN.	
Dec 20 2007 	Perfect location - clean friendly	This hotel was in a perfect location for us - at 8th and 51st. Literally around the corner or down the street from a ton of theaters. Also, just a short walk (1 mile or less) from Times Square, Rockefeller Center, Radio Center Music Hall, and more. Prices were very reasonable given the location and time of year ($300-$400/night).The rooms are very small - we had to be creative with where to put our luggage, but it was clean and comfortable. The exercise room looks really big in the website picture but in reality, that's the size of the room - so a bit cramped if more than 1 or 2 people there. However, we didn't end up using it because we were walking so much.Staff was very friendly and helpful. Restaurant on site is a Japanese restaurant open only for dinner - so we had to find an offsite place for breakfast - not a big deal since there were two great diners just 2 blocks away. No fruit at front desk and no vending machines, so if you go, stock up for late night snacking or bottled water at the drug store around the corner.Overall, we really enjoyed our stay.	
Dec 17 2007 	Great location not so great room	Upon arrival to the hotel, we were immediately impressed by its location...VERY close to Times Square, theatres, etc! And initially, the size of the room didn't seem to be an issue because we didn't plan on spending much time there. However, after a few days, it was pretty inconvenient not to have a place to just sit down and chill out (not to mention the fact that there is basically nowhere to put luggage/clothes except for a tiny bedside closet). The other major inconvenience was the noise level at night, which consisted primarily of garbage men throwing and breaking glass. The room was clean and the linens were nice but not enough to make up for the lack of sleep or space. The icing on the cake was finding out after checking out that our room rate would have been hundreds of dollars cheaper if we had made our reservation over the phone instead of online. Even so, it was cheaper than most other hotels in the area but you should at least know why before booking! One more thing, the room didn't have an adjustable thermostat and got VERY hot, had to keep the window open or cracked most of the time. Would consider staying again if the price was right and I got a room far away from the street!	
Dec 17 2007	Clean but noisy at night.	Booked hotel reservation from hotels online web site. Fairly friendly staff. The hotel is in a very convenient location. The rooms are clean, but are very small. There is no place to sit except a small chair and on the bed. To light sleepers it was very noisy with garbage trucks collecting trash every night at 1am and with patrons from the bar down the street heading home yelling at night. I would advise not to book rooms from company website. I did this and ended up paying $150 more per night. I was informed by the clerk at the front desk that the hotel charged more for online bookings than if you booked by calling!	
Dec 17 2007 	Washington Jefferson great location but not so great customer service	We stayed at the Washington Jefferson Hotel between the 3rd and 10th December for a deal that cost 1600Euros for seven nights with Expedia....which wasn't cheap!!The hotel kindly provided us with a complimentary bottle of champagne as it was part of our honeymoon. The hotel is in a fantastic location on 51st and 8th which is only a block from Times Square. There are lots of really good reastaurant within walking distance from the hotel that are really good valueOur room was small however it wasn't an issue as we didn't spend much time in the hotel only to sleep. However there was a horrendous smell in the corridor outside our room which seemed to come from the rooms down the hall. There appears to be people living in the hotel which was very strange!! and one of them liked to play her music a full volume late at nightWe tried to use the internet from our room one morning and it wasn't working properly and was incredibly slow so we reported it to the reception and asked them to have the connection charge removed from our bill. We had to deal with 3different people before this charge was removed as the initial two staff refused to remove the charge as they said that their records said that we were connected for 30minutes. We found the staff to be extremely unpleasant when dealing with this issue and their customer service skills are rubbishThe room itself while small was nicely decorated and had a flat screen tv on the wall. The bathroom while also very small had a good power shower. We also selected this hotel as it advertised that it had a gym however this consisted of a tiny room with a treadmill and little else....so not my definition of a gym. In summary the location of this hotel is great but thats about it. We weren't looking for a very fancy hotel as we wanted to spend our money shopping and going out however due to the awful smell and awlful customer service we won't be returning to the WJ and won't be recommending it to anyone	
Dec 14 2007 	Fab hotel	We stayed at the WJ for a family wedding and we had a fantastic time. The rooms where smaller than perhaps we are used to but the hotel was a1 for cleaning and staff. As this was a wedding booking the hotel staff went out of there way to look after us. Nandy the receptionist and London the porter where brilliant. London advised us on the best ways to get around and things to pack into our stay.Only thing that did dissapoint us during the stay was 2 other british travellers who did complaine and where exceptionaly rude to staff this was embarssing to us as fellow brits. Manners dont cost money but to the complainers it seems they do.The customer service skills of all in New York leave us brits far behind we need to learn from them.I cant wait to go back to New York and would stay without shaddow of doubt at WJ again	
Dec 10 2007	Worst hotel in NYC.........AVOID!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	BEWARE...........if you like a dorm room stay here in a closet sized room with a public bathroom right outside.......... room 601( from peep hole you see people urinating).....the floor is also a dorm for low income people....camera's all over hotel........this is NOT in the description of the hotel........what a rip off!!!!!!!!sounds like a JAIL to me!!!!!!!!!!!!......:)	
Dec 3 2007 	Not the "Presidential" Suite but Enough Room to Maintain your "Independence	We stayed in room 485 at the Washington Jefferson Hotel November 19-22, 2007 while in NYC for the 81st Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade. We paid $177 a night through Priceline. The hotel is located on 51st St between 8th &amp; 9th Aves which is a great location, there are many delis, Duane Reeds (NYC drug store) &amp; restaurants with in walking distance; Times Square is about a block or 2 away. There is also a subway stop one block from the hotel. The front desk staff were professional &amp; friendly; they offered us a map of the area &amp; a complimentary copy of the New York Times upon check-in.I’ve stayed in many NYC hotels &amp; I must say this was probably the smallest room I’ve stayed in yet. However, it was clean with modern décor &amp; fine for me &amp; my husband. The room had a nice flat screen TV on the wall, a desk, &amp; a mini armoire/closet which also contained a safe, an iron &amp; board, &amp; 2 shoe mitts. The queen size bed was comfortable; however the outside noise level was very high. Our room was facing 51st street which provided a nice view of the quaint street below, however, due to the window mounted air conditioner, it sounded like a window was open but they were all closed. This wasn’t a big issue to us because we’re used to city noise but for those who are not, it will probably be a big issue. A few of the nice room features were an iPod dock on the nightstand and copies of New York IN magazine &amp; Time Out New York magazines which list all of the goings on for the week in NYC. Complementary in-room internet service was also provided. Wireless was supposed to be available but every time we tried to connect to the wireless we had problems logging on, we even asked the front desk who referred us to the service providers customer service line which was unable to help us. We were however, able to connect using the wall connection cable in the room (cables are in the desk drawer in the room). The bathroom was VERY small, but again, it was clean with modern décor. The stand up shower had good water temperature &amp; pressure. Complementary bath products included Gilchrist &amp; Soames Forest Essentials shampoo, conditioner, body lotion, body wash, facial soap, oatmeal bath soap, shower cap, &amp; a little kit containing cotton balls, q-tips &amp; a nail file. I found the sink to be a bit awkward; the faucet was rather large &amp; right in the middle of the sink so it got in the way when washing ones face.The Washington Jefferson hotel is a nice hotel in a great location however, due to the small room size I most likely would not stay there again or recommend it to others (unless the price is right). While in NYC I would recommend having lunch at S’mac in the East Village (345 E. 12th St between 1st &amp; 2nd Aves) it’s a terrific neighborhood restaurant that serves different versions of mac &amp; cheese. After lunch make your way to Little Italy &amp; have one of Caffé Palermo’s “best cannolis on planet earth”. Enjoy your stay in NYC!	
Nov 30 2007 	Avoid at all cost	I booked to stay at this hotel for a week in November. When I arrived with my traveling companion, having specifically booked a room with separate beds, we were given a pitifully small closet of a room with one bed. When we asked to be put in an alternate room, we were advised that there were no vacant rooms available but as we were staying for a week, they were sure they could move us the following day. Unsurprisingly, this proved to be rubbish and did not happen. Furthermore, i was awoken during the first night by a concierge called London welcoming guests into their 'large twin bed room'. This served to rub salt into our wounds.The room itself was cramped, very loud and extremely hot. The air conditioning didn't function and was bolted onto a half open and somewhat grubby window. The closet was so small we could not unpack into it and instead had to live out of our suitcases for the week. The staff were unhelpful and unsympathetic to the situation and their customer service was non-existant.Having contacted Max Izmaylov, the 'Director of Sales' at the WJ Hotel, since my return, I have received no response whatsoever and given the lack of customer service WJ offers, I don't expect I will ever receive a reply. Do yourself a favor and don't stay here.	
Nov 26 2007 	will def stay again	Completely agree with person in the previous review. Itoo got this place through Hotwire and was a bit leary as it was my first time using it. I couldn't have been happier with the Washington Jefferson!!Location:Tremendous! Few blocks to Times Sq chaos, 5th Ave shopping, Rock center, Moma,etc. but away from the noise and fray. Served within blocks by just about all the subway lines you'll need. Great lower priced restaurants all up and down 9th. 2 mins to Starbucks in the a.m.Rooms: again small but very clean. Mattresses new &amp; spotless-I checked! I got a twin deluxe (reasonable $20 upgrade). Bathroom (shower only) was a tight fit on elbow room for my hubby shaving at small sink but doable for a few days. Great hot water. Armoire only and 4 desk-type drawers; limited storage so should be organized traveller. We had 3 average size wheeler bags with us so space was a little tight but nothing you can't work around for the time you're in the room. As prev said, once you close your door it was silent, even on a busy Thanksgiving wkend. Slept Great!We're low maintenance travellers so didn't ask for much but staff was very pleasant and welcoming.Parking: Hudson View Icon Garage only 11/2 blocks down on 51st &amp; 10th only cost us $75 for a 4 day weekend. Fantastic rate for the city.I hope they keep this on Hotwire! For the rate I got and the quality of the stay I am already planning another trip to the Washington Jefferson.	
Nov 23 2007 	A Pleasant Surprise	I booked my room through Hotwire, which rated the hotel as 3 star. I would describe it as a boutique hotel, but I was still pleasantly surprised when I arrived. The hotel is on 51st, between 8th and 9th in NYC. Before going to NYC, I had booked dinner reservations for each night at a few of my favorite restaurants. I knew I would have good karma for this stay when my driver pulled up to the hotel and I saw Maria Pia, my favorite Italian restaurant, right across the street. I had read reviews and expected a small room--what I always expect in NYC--but I had called ahead and upgraded to a deluxe room (at the nominal rate of $20 per night) so my room was quite adequate. (Come on folks, how much time to we actually spend in the room when we're in a city with so much to see and do!) Our king sized bed was firm and the bedding was extra nice. I wanted to take the duvet home with me!The bath was small but had everything I needed during my stay, including a window ledge to store my toiletries. Even though I did not have a tub (which I would have loved to soak my feet in at the end of a busy day), I did have a nice, hot shower with great water pressure. The linens were replaced every day, and the bathroom was always well stocked. While I didn't have much drawer space (just 4 small drawers in the desk), I did have a good sized closet, and I used space under the bed to store shopping bags and suitcases. I was most surprised at how quiet the room was. Our room overlooked a very clean &quot;courtyard&quot; which was formed by the shape of the hotel. When all was completely quiet, we could hear an occasional horn or siren from 8th or Broadway, but when we turned on the widow unit, we heard nothing. When it was too cold to run the AC, we simply turned on the fan and slept like babies.The hotel desk help was exceptional. We didn't stop by often, but when we did, we were always treated with respect and good humor. One morning when we were looking for a leisurely breakfast, we asked the doorman, who recommended the Sortie, right across the street. I highly recommend the restaurant with its quiet ambiance and wonderful crepes--both sweet and savory. I also have to mention the location. Just one block from a major subway line and two blocks from another, all of NYC is closeby. For those who don't mind walking, Penn Station, Central Park, and the Javits Convention Center are all within walking distance. (I actually enjoyed my walk to the Javits Center through Hells Kitchen.) When I showed my friend the city, we took the subway with its quick and easy access. At the end of each day--we were there 5 days--we were happy our hotel was so accessible since we had often walked miles in our excursions.Most theaters conveniently went on strike two days before my trip, and I was a bit apprehensive that my visit would be spoiled. But it wasn't. I simply regrouped and did new and interesting things that I would not normally have done--Radio City Music Hall's Christmas Spectucular, a walking tour of Central Park, a comedy club on the upper east side, Zabars on the upper west side, shopping in China Town on Saturday afternoon. NYC was as exciting as ever! If I get the chance to return to NYC, I will definitely stay at the Washington Jefferson again, especially if I get a Hotwire rate. (Hotwire often gives enough information for me to figure out where I'm staying. Just read between the lines in the reviews.) I hope you will, too. For the price, it's among the best places to &quot;sleep&quot; when you need to sleep during a visit to NYC.	
Nov 10 2007 	An Outstanding Mid-town Experience	We used to visit Manhattan fairly often but hadn't been back in about four years. In earlier visits we've stayed in suite hotels, condos, apartments, and traditional hotels.. in lower Manhattan, the East Village, and Midtown. With only four nights in town, we went back to the area we know best: Midtown. We chose the W-J after a lot of internet research, including TripAdvisor reviews. We could have started off on a very bad note... JetBlue kept us in Dulles for 9 hours. The desk dealt with the delay smoothly and efficiently - which characterized their dealings with us right up to and including booking a very professional and pleasant hirecar to take us to the airport when we left.Our room was at the rear of the west wing's sixth floor. It was very chic without being uncomfortably minimalist. Not at all large but, even with a king bed, roomy enough for the two of us to move around without a problem. It was also impeccably clean when we arrived and stayed that way.The amenities are fine and the internet access is highspeed and easily accessed. It's not a perfect place... the elevator is small and a little slow. The bathroom is proportionally even smaller and might not be comfortable for plus-size people but offered no serious challenge to my six foot plus/190 pound partner. Finally, the location is extremely convenient for Broadway theaters, Rockefeller Center, and a plethora of restaurants of every culinary sort and level of sophistication. It's also an easy and interesting stroll up to Central Park.Based on a single stay, I recommend it highly for couples and individual travelers.	
Nov 7 2007 	Great little hotel on side street in hells kitchen	This is a great little boutique hotel on a side street... within walking distance to Rock Center, Times Square and theater district. Great little find!! It is worth the extra $30 to upgrade to a Deluxe room. The regular rooms are tiny... but Deluxe room I upgraded to was very nice and much more space. The bathroom was very nice. The hotel didn't have roomservice or a mini bar, but it did have a restaurant downstairs and was in walking distance to other great restaurants. If you are in town for a quick overnight and need a cumfy place to stay, this is a great hidden gem.	
Nov 1 2007 	Worth a visit	We have stayed in mid-town NY before and after reading the reviews this is a great loaction. Yes the rooms are small but spotlessly clean and who wants to stay in their room in NY. Cleaned with fresh bedding every single day. All hotel staff freiendly, reception staff, door staff cleaners, handy men all just great. As I said the location is great near to everything but just far enough to get away from all night sirens etc. would deffinately stay there again! great value for money!	
Oct 29 2007 	Nice hotel on small side street	The Washington Jefferson was overall a nice hotel.A few of us had rooms that faced the street, those were obviously noisier, but turning on the fan (it was hot) helped drown out the trucks and horse-drawn carriage noise. The rooms are small, but clean and modern, with nice amenities like down comforters, slate bathroom &amp; new fixtures, free wireless, and close to many restaurants and theaters.My room had a full bed, nightstand, desk, and mini-wardrobe. The bathroom was slate tile and had a corner shower with glass enclosure. All very modern &amp; clean, but small. Another colleague had no desk or wardrobe, and another got upgraded to a king room. All depends. Maria Pia across the street was good, and the crepe place was ok, but slow and maybe pick your own crepe filling, some was weird.	
Oct 18 2007 	HIGHLY recommended!	Just got back from a 3 day stay at the WJ and we loved it! Despite fears from past reviews that the room might be a shoebox, we were pleasantly surprised to find it was more than adequate in size. We requested a room with twin beds and were lucky to receive it- we also arrived at the hotel at 11am and were able to check in immediately. The beds were clean and comfortable, the bathroom was attractive and though compact, definitely sufficient. We found every member of the staff to be helpful and friendly. The lobby is nicely furnished and there is an elevator (a bonus for a bargain hotel). Should be noted that there is no continental breakfast offered at the WJ.Our first night we were exhausted from travelling followed by a full day of shopping and couldn’t bring ourselves to go out for dinner- strongly recommend the Italian restaurant, Maria Pia, across the street. It looks charming for eat in, and they prepared our meals for us to pick up in under 20 minutes and included salads, fresh rolls, and dessert. $50 for the 2 of us. Delicious! The location of this hotel is perfect for the die-hard NY shopper. Just walk 5 blocks east across 51st St. and you are in the department store mecca. 2 blocks east and 2 blocks south and you’re already at Times Square.We will definitely be staying at the Washington Jefferson again.	
Oct 15 2007	Perfect location good value.	First time in New York and I´m very pleased with my stay and hotel. Great location, close to Time Square, Broadway and all the theaters, subway station etc. Lots of restaurants just outside the lobby, a great diner just a street north on 8 ave, Cosmic Diner.The staff at the hotel were very helpful and nice.I don´t have anything negative to say at all about the hotel, good price(for new york).	
Sep 4 2007 	Excellent location and value	The location of the Washington Jefferson is perfect, within easy walking distance of good restaurants, the subway and Times Square. The staff could not have been more helpful and friendly. I had been led from reviews to expect a tiny room, but I found the size quite adequate, and the furnishings were new and luxurious, with an extremenly comfortable bed. My room was very quiet, with no street noise.	
Aug 28 2007	Teeny tiny rooms	Do not stay in room #234 at this hotel... the room faced the street and the window a/c unit allowed all the street noise into the room.the room is half the size of a dorm room...very tiny.On the plus side...the room was very clean. the bathroom was large...very nice shower...good maid service...be careful on hallway staircase.....I tripped every time I climbed those steps.....Would have liked to keep the bathroom window opened for ventilation..but there are residences directly across form the hotel and the shower curtain was clear plastic!!!!very difficult to sleep because of the city noise....If the a/c had been in the room and the window could have been closed that may have helped....Very good location for broadway shows and restaurants.... try Rays pizzaThe Art Cafe on Broadway and 50th is a good breakfast spot....reasonable prices and the meal was served less than 5 minutes after ordering.This hotel is way overpriced for their rooms...	
Aug 1 2007 	Great Location Poor Rooms	Everybody knows that New York bargains are almost impossible to find and when you get one you just don't believe them too much... but when we got this hotel quotation and reviews were positive we had our expectations much higher than reality showed us...The location is near perfection, just 2 blocks from Times Square and Metro Station and 3 blocks from 5th Avenue. The sushi restaurant is also quite good (despite being a little expensive but well it's NYC...), so if you are looking for a great base to explore Manhattan this is your hotel!!But if you expect a good room, here you won't get any because:- Bathrooms are really tiny- Almost no space for luggage and clothes - The remaining rooms had a very similar to ours- Walls are paper thin to other rooms and street- No big views from the roomsThe staff is nice and again it's a great area for to visit the city, however you should look for something more comfortable and not so overpriced like this hotel... if the hotel downsizes prices perhaps it becomes more acceptable. Not being a nightmarish stay, i would surely pick another hotel but trying to be in this area.About NYC, well it's a million miles away from European cities and it fascinates you by being so cosmopolitan and multicultural city with a thousand cities inside it... juts marvelous.There a few must sees that you shouldn't miss:- Empire State Building - great view despite the barbed wire- GE Observation Deck - Way better than Empire State because it has stained glass and you can really take a look around everything (includin Empire State Building)- Central Park (until middle) - boat tours, walking around, enjoying an outdoor little heaven in the middle of NYC... - Metropolitan Museum of Art - Incredible civilization museum including an Egyptian temple, Aztec artefacts and great painting and sculture works- Museum of Natural History- Amazing wildlife imagery and you really get a true approach to nature worldwide including Dinosaurs wings to die for- Museum of Modern Art (MoMa) and Guggenheim: If you really fancy contemporary art it's unmissable, if not skip them- UN Nations building - the tour is so good!! Imagine yourselve to be in the world stage of dialogue between all the World like you see it on your TV...- Statue of Liberty: Another extraordinary sight, just worthy of cruising by and taking loads of picture from Manhattan Island skyline- Brooklyn Bridge: Cross it by day and by night, to find the magic in Manhattan skyline that you only see in films- Grand Central - Beautiful Station, Incredible architecture- St.Patricks Cathedral - An oasis of spiritual peace and excellent architecture among hundreds of skyscrapers- Chinatown- An enriching in China away from China (great place for bargains). Unforgivable to miss it by daylight.- Wall Street: NYSE, Charging Bull, George Washington Museum, Old Church... a place with so many great landmarks- WTC - You can't help getting emotional in this tragic place, specially after visiting the small church near it... Finantial center views are outstanding from current construction site.- 5th Avenue &amp; Broadway &amp; Greenwich Vilage- Shoppers paradise!! BroadwayTheaters are very good but very overpriced... unless you love musicals!!- Times Square - The Jewel of the crown where you could spend hours and hours admiring all that nightlife: Hard Rock, Planet Hollywood, M&amp;M World, Virgin, Gift Shops, Everything is thereMy final ecommendations are:- Have a minimum of 6 days to visit all of this and a few more if you like just to walk around- Invest in good restaurants (40-50 USD) 2 nights- Don't invest on city tours- Walk a lot and use a Metro system- Buy a Citypass to spare a lot of money for main attractions- Buy your gifts in Chinatown or Greenwich Village, much cheaper!!- Buy food in one of the hundreds of delicatessen shops to spare money to invest on the best attractions... quality is excellent!- Beware of all neighbourhoods at night, namely outside Manhattan... don't risk too much walking.I could write for hours but you really must live it for real!! I will return to USA for more great visits and definitely NYC!!Have a great trip and if you need a few more tips just tell me!!	
Jul 19 2007 	Little Room!!	The hotel is located in fantastic place, just between the central park, broadway and Time Square, the staff is very kind but the room was the most little I had been in my life, the air conditioning didn't work very well and there was hot temperature during the day and the night. The clean of the room and bathroom was not perfect, I spent 5 nights and the hotel never changed the face and body soap in the shower..	
Jul 10 2007 	Not Bad	2 of us stayed for 4 nights and for that length of stay it was OK. Its not the greatest hotel on earth with regards to overall decor and when we arrived we were in a double room instead of a twin as we had expected.However, the staff are unbelievable and maybe the most friendly and helpful I've come across. They couldn't have been nicer. They tried everything to change our room when we got there and when they couldn't, they endeavoured to change it ASAP and we were offered one the next day.The bathroom - despite being tiny - was great... really clean, modern and looked brand new! It only had a shower but it was possibly one of the best showers I've ever had!! Powerful and surprisingly roomy!!All in all for such a low price its a good location, you couldn't ask for better staff (you are made to feel really welcome) and as for the rooms,,, well all you do is sleep and shower there!	
Jul 3 2007 	Good Location and Reasonable Rates	Stayed at the Washington Jefferson for two (2) nights after reading the reviews. I would agree with the previous reviews. I found that the location was great, the room was clean, the bathroom was good size and spotless, there was enough hot water and water pressure in the shower, and yes, the room was small. While the room was small, it was fine for all of the time that I spent there which was only to sleep and shower. I really didn't want to spend an additional $150 to $200 per night just for a dresser in the room and/or room for an opened suitcase. I was on the second floor, facing the street. With the air conditioner on, which kept the room comfortable, I did not have any trouble with street noise. The staff was pleasant and very accomodating in holding my bag before check in and after check out, and arranging a car to the airport.	
Jun 24 2007 	Good for a city break but very small rooms	this hotel is in a great location. The rooms are nicely decorated but very small. When your bags are on the floor, there is not much room to walk around so be careful! The bathrooms are lovely but almost as big as the bedroom. On the plus side, the duvet and bed linen are really good quality, so at least you get a good nights sleep. This hotel is good for a short break where you will not be spending much time in your room. you will really only sleep here, while the foyer is nice, there is no atmosphere, and you will not be having pre dinner drinks here!	
Jun 24 2007 	I'm not going to recommend it....	Firstly I know that New York hotel rooms are poor value for money. We paid £75 per night ($147) for a double room on priceline.The first room we were given was on the third floor, facing the street. It was tiny, and we struggled to get our cases in. The shower only had a tray and curtain, but otherwise the bathroom was nice, and very modern too. However the air conditioner was fitted into the window. It appeared to be a summer only fitting, the window was half open, aircon put in, and some little plastic concertina bits at the sides. Because of this it was not sealed, and facing the street you can imagine the noise. I immediately called reception and asked to be move due to this air conditioner and the noise it allowed in from the street. They said they couldn't (it was only about 2 or 3pm, so I didn't really believe them). They called me back after about 10 mins and offered us a room facing a 'courtyard' on the ground floor. It was high enough above ground level not to concern me. The bathroom was nice (shower only but with a rectangular tray and sliding door) and same nice decor as previous bathroom. The room was still tiny. Had no wardrobe, just a little rail in the corner in a tiny 'alcove'. The safe was on the floor of this alcove with no fixings and had no power. It was actually just switched off (a switch inside it)..so this was rectified although I though it should have been fixed to something. The bed was against one wall, then bedside table at one side. This bedside table was our only drawers. One very small top drawer, then a deeper drawer with a huge phone book in it. Needless to say we couldn't really unpack and had to just keep a case open. I thought the wallpaper was dirty. It was nice modern wallpaper, and it was embossed but I thought it looked like there was dust in the embossed squares! The carpet wasn't very nice either. The bedding however was nice. And as I said the bathroom was nice (although tiny!). I would probably not go back to this hotel as if I had to stay in the first room I know I couldn't sleep....and this type of room would always be a possibility!	
Jun 15 2007 	Location and service trump all	We were the proverbial hard luck pair arriving at this hotel: coming off a red-eye at 7 AM, arriving therefore when there was nowhere to put us but a room only one foot wider than the queen bed was long. In this room, we had to sit on the toilet at a 30 degree angle to avoid our knees striking the toilet paper roll. The staff, however, graciously promoted us to a twin bed room suitable for stretching out in, and generally did everything possible to be helpful. Cleanliness was impeccable throughout the hotel. Air conditioning was adequate even on the hottest days. Location was best of all: midtown 8 blocks north of Times Square. As long as spaciousness is not your priority, and value and service are, you'll do well to stay here.	
Jun 8 2007	Excellent hotel great service	Stayed for 3 nights $190 per night for a standard room and booked this through the WY website. On arrival we were greeted by very welcoming reception staff and as we were early they were more than accommodating to store our baggage for us. We were given an upgrade to a deluxe room which was very much apprecaited. The room was more than adequate. It was a good size by New York standards and the bathroom was of a very nice decor. Nice white spotless bedding and clean fresh towels which were replenished every day. Location is perfect walking distance to broadway, times sq, central park and rockerfeller centre . Recommend cosmic diner and Ellen's stardust diner which are very nearby. Excellent stay at the WJ and excellent service by all staff.	
Jun 6 2007 	Great little hotel!	We stayed at the WJ hotel May 31st - June 4. First of all, the staff is wonderful. Everyone was extremely helpful and friendly. We asked serveral times for recommendations, directions, etc., everyone was always willing to help. Our room was small, but adequate. The bathroom was fine. It was long and narrow, but there was plenty of space to get ready. Shower head was tall and the water pressure was great. The bed was a tad hard, but not terrible. Each room has it's own window air conditioner. Our room faced the street and there was a lot of street noise all night long. Some friends stayed on the opposite side of the hotel and had no problem with noise at all. I never heard any of the other guests. The location is wonderful. Very close to Times Square, right near a subway station, a lot of wonderful places to eat near-by. Overall, a very nice stay.	
May 28 2007 	Fabulous clean hotel with great staff!	The running theme in the reviews for this hotel are about the small rooms, and mine was no exception (only about 24 inches surrounding the twin bed on all 3 sides, and had to step OVER the toilet to enter and exit the shower!). However, I can't say there wasn't enough room for my luggage or toiletries, the small armoire provided plenty of room to hang my clothes, and there were lots of electrical outlets available to charge my cell, camera battery, MP3 player, etc.The room was SPOTLESS, and the maid did an excellent job daily. The down comforter and pillows were comforting after long, tiring days sightseeing, and the sheets were always sparkling white and crisp.The staff was super friendly...can't recall one instance where I passed by a staff member when I wasn't greeted with a smile and friendly &quot;hello&quot;. They were super-quick with special requests and seemed genuinely happy to help with their knowledge of the city.The view from the room was a dark, ugly airshaft, but I saw this as a plus because it kept out street noise which, along with the thick walls between rooms, made for a very quiet stay.My only complaint about the WJ was that one day during my 4 night stay they turned off the water for maintenance with no notice and I was caught half-way through my shower with no water pressure. I see this as a minor inconvenience and isolated incident that would not keep me from staying at the WJ again.	
May 28 2007 	A detailed review of the Washington Jefferson Hotel and immediate surroundings	I need to start by saying that when you’re in NYC either for the first time or anytime, the most important thing is where you’re LOCATED. However, when you’re lucky enough to find a perfectly located hotel AND one with high standards and cleanliness, you are really lucky!And this is the case with the Washington Jefferson!When I emerged from 42nd street station (on the E line (blue) from Jamaica) I thought I should just catch a cab as this was the first time visiting this hotel and I had no idea where it was. The taxi driver hadn’t heard of it either but after showing him the address, took me straight there. The ride was quick, costing just $4.50 I was too early to check in (as check in is 3:00pm and it was only 12:00pm), but the very friendly front desk staff looked after my bags. This was a perfect opportunity to do a bit of sight seeing and “top of the rock” was top of my list. The Rockefeller plaza is only a 10min slow stroll away! This was a fantastic experience, but as I did so much in NYC I cannot go into great detail. I will write reviews for the sightseeing experiences I encountered (some good and some not so good) in separate reviews on Trip advisor!When I returned to the WJ I was given the key to my room. I had previously requested a room on a high floor as this should reduce noise pollution from traffic and air con. The room was nice and NOT as small as I had expected. I was very pleasantly surprised. I’m guessing this room was unique as I was really expecting a shoe box after reading previous reviews. I took pictures with my mobile phone so when I figure out how to post them, I’ll put them up and you can make your own mind up. RoomsThe rooms are very well equipped with a docking station for your I-POD (which also works as a radio), a large wall mounted TV and in-room complimentary safe. I was on floor 6 (top floor) and although the elevator waiting time was a little on the slow side, it was definitely a floor I would recommend.Now, with regards to noise. Although I was on the top floor, there was a considerable amount of noise pollution, but not from traffic. The room overlooks a kind of square shape and at the bottom of the shaft is the air con system. Because of the square shape, the noise echoes up and is very noticeable on some nights and this is from the 6th floor so I imagine the noise must be a real nuisance if staying on a lower floor.Apart from that, my only other complaint was that the carpet in the room seemed a little on the old side and I counted 2 large stains. But really, this is a MINOR complaint. The rooms are spotless and replenished on a daily basis.The hotel is excellent and connected to a sushi bar and although raw fish is not my thing, you cannot smell any unpleasantness from the restaurant. The location is superior. Overall, this has been a bloody good find!FOODIf, like myself, sushi isn’t your thing, there are some of the finest food establishments on your doorstep. The WJ is situated in an area known as Midtown or Hells Kitchen and the “restaurant row“. Although I never bothered with restaurant row, I will recommend Rays Pizza (around the corner from the hotel) as this was the best pizza in Manhattan and they knew it. And at $2.99 a slice (Massive slice) I was more than impressed. They also sell subs, pasties and lots of other tasty NY grub!Also, I cannot recommend the Cosmic Diner enough for breakfast. I ate here every morning and it was really cheap. It was difficult to spend more than $10! I ordered scrambled eggs, pancakes with syrup and refillable coffee and I think it came to about $7. The pancakes were huge and the coffee was probably one of the best cups I’ve had in a while in NY (better than Starbucks and cheaper!!). The portions were so generous, I couldn’t finish them and I can eat for England! This is on the same side as Rays Pizza but about 5 shops down. Opposite Cosmic diner but a little further down in the direction towards central park was a Bagel place. I cannot remember the name, but the bagels with cream cheese were mmmmmm! NY cuisine is personally my favourite, but not for the weight conscious…FINALLYIf the size of the room is the only thing putting you off booking this hotel, you’re crazy. I stayed in the executive room at the Hilton London Kensington this Easter and this room was smaller than the room at the WJ!What do you need your room for in NYC? Sleep and shower. If you plan to spend long periods of time in you hotel room, then maybe New York is not a city you should be visiting. There is SO much to see and do in this city that any time spent in your room is wasted time in my opinion! I am a frequent traveller and I’m very critical, but I WILL definitely return to this hotel at some point. I would give this hotel a well earned 8/10. Well done Washington Jefferson ad I hope to see you again soon!	
May 17 2007 	Love on the second sight !	We payed around 120 USD for 2 PAX.The first room we got, was just unvelievably small, 20 cm around the bed, clean, in the bathroom you could sit on the throne, brush your tooth in the sink and wash your feet in the shower, all the same time, so narrow everything was !We had 2 suitcases and couldn't open them, had to get something out and then hide them again ...We spent one night and it was to much for me, I complained gently to a very nice porter and he managed to get me a better room.Then it was love on the second sight ! Good space, small toillet but clean and functional, good air, clean and good internet access.Would definetely go again if the same room was available.Location is wonderful and this price too. !	
May 8 2007	Not for the solo claustrophobe	I had read on this board that the rooms in the Washington Jefferson were a little on the small side, but 'ok by european standards'. However I did get a shock when I entered my 'single twin' room, which was about the size of a large shoebox....even by japanese standards it was small, hence my heading not for the claustrophobic.On the plus side, the bathroom was recently decorated and nicely appointed, and the alarm radio accepted an iPod, so providing plenty of options fopr aural entertainment.The location of the hotel was also good - two blocks east of Broadway and close to all the action, so no complaints there.And finally the staff were great - friendly and helpful. so if you don't mind a confined space but are looking for inexpensive friendly lodgings in a lively part of town, this could be ok for you.	
May 6 2007 	Wow what a fab hotel !!!!!	I have just returned from a four night stay with my friend to stay for the first time in the city of New York. We travelled from England and we were very pleased with the location of the hotel and the amenities.On arrival to our room we discovered we had been given a single queen room, when we had specifically booked a twin room through expedia. The staff were very helpful and although we couldn't swap to a twin room that night because they did not have one available, we were promised a twin the following day, and after a fab day exploring NYC we arrived back to the hotel to find all our bags had been moved for us, and we had a great twin room on the second floor.Only one setback the noise levels from bed near window were high but nothing a simple pair of ear plugs couldn't help ! After all this is New York the city that doesn't sleep.The room is small but more than adequate and lived up to the photos we had seen and more !!!! The level of cleanliness was second to none ! spotless white bedlinen and clean fresh towels every day. There was an iron and ironing board and even a shoe horn and polishing cloth for shoes, the attention to detail was just great.The staff were extremely friendly and courteous and a good laugh too what more can you ask !!!Location Location Location !!! We could walk anywhere in minutes, from Broadway to Times Square and the Rockerfella Centre was so close! You have to do &quot; Top of the Rock &quot; on the observation deck at night ! WOW ! We had a thunder and lightening show with the Empire State Building in the centre of it, it was amazing !! If I was ever in New York again I wouldn't hesitate to use the Washington Jefferson Hotel.	
Apr 27 2007 	A closet called a "room"	I spent two nights (Apr 20-22) at the WJ hotel on 51st, NYC. I shared the room with a friend and we were both very surprised to be given a room with a full size bed since we had requested two twin beds. On top of that, the room was EXTREMELY small, with a very sad view to a stone wall. The &quot;closet&quot; was a hole on the wall, there were no doors. The room was so tiny that my friend (who had arrived the day before I did and would leave after my departure) and I had to live out of our suitcases during our whole stay in the hotel for absolute lack of space for anything. For the same reason, I kept my toiletries on the window sill. I avoided as much as I could spending time in the room because it was so small and dark it was almost depressive. Immediately upon arrival, I requested at the concierge to be moved to a room with two twin beds (as requested on the reservation), just to be told that there were not any available. The next morning I renewed my request and received the same answer. Back home, I sent an email to the WJ director of sales, Max Izmaylov, who promptly answered back and told me he would investigate the case. That was the last time I heard from him. Needless to say, I am not happy with the service or accommodations I was provided at the Washington Jefferson Hotel and I cannot recommend it to any traveler.	
Apr 23 2007 	Excellent for a short stay!	This hotel is a great find!! I booked directly on the WJ website and paid $170/night. The absolute pluses were the perfect location and the cleanliness. The room was spotless - perfect white sheets, comfortable bed, spotless carpet, beautiful shower. Yes, the room is very small - I booked the cheapest room they had and it was t.i.n.y. Definitely do not book it if you are tall - I am 5&quot;8 and my feet were hanging off the bed. :)) However, I was only spending one night there and considering that I was travelling alone, I was most concerned about my safety, location of the hotel and its cleanliness. WJ exceeded my expectations! The staff was very friendly, accomodating and helpful.	
Apr 19 2007 	Good value especially considering the location	This hotel is excellently located very close to Times Square and Broadway and very well priced for this location. Although the rooms were a bit small, this is normal for mid-price New York hotels, and they were clean, well equipped and recently decorated. The staff were friendly and helpful. Our only problem was a mistake with the bill, but this was honourably and quickly sorted out once we were back in the UK and were able to feed back our original booking information. To avoid this, ask for an email confirmation of your rate when booking and take a copy of the email with you. Then ensure that the correct rate is shown on your registration card for all nights of your stay. However, this problem apart, we would thoroughly recommend the Washington Jefferson	
Apr 17 2007 	My Stoop-My Neighbourhood	We had heard and read good reports of the WJ and we were not disappointed. Our room was quite small but spotlessly clean. The bathroom was a real treat with lovely toiletries, an excellent shower and lots of towels. Our bedlinen was changed daily. We were on floor 3 and found it very quiet and conducive to great sleeps. The staff are so friendly and always on call if one needs any help. The location is excellent..in The Theatre District..and there are excellent diners nearby like The Cosmic Diner on 8th and 50th. Do not miss The Westway Diner, though, further down on 8th possibly between 43-45 st or thereabouts. We sure loved our stay in our neighbourhood and would not want to stay anywhere else in NYC. We deliberately left some boots behind..and were emailed by the hotel on this.That is what I call service. Trust me-GO there..The WJ rules Ok..in fact... Brilliant!	
Apr 9 2007	great location good price	My sister and I stayed in a deluxe room with 2 twin beds on 3/25/07. Like other reviews say, the rooms are small, but we were perfectly comfortable in our room. We only stayed over for one night, and were out on the town for much of that. The beds were very comfy, and the bathroom was fairly large (and great shower!). I wouldn't recommend having more than 2 people in the room, because it might get too crowded, but I thought it was fine for two. The location of the hotel is wonderful - we were 2 blocks from the theater we went to, and close to the subway. There are a ton of restaurants nearby, including one right across the street called Maria Pia. We had dinner there and it was delicious. There were only two things about the room that I didn't like. First was the small section of wallpaper peeling near the ceiling, and second was an indent/hole in the wall right behind the bathroom door. It was obviously made by the bathroom door handle hitting the wall, so they should just put a bit of padding on the handle to avoid damaging the wall. Overall I was happy with this hotel. The rooms were clean, the staff was friendly and polite, and you can't beat the location. I also liked the iPod dock in the room.	
Apr 2 2007 	Good Price	The hotel is a good budget hotel. The rooms are tiny. There was maybe 1 foot of room around each side of the bed and maybe 5-6 foot at the end of it. The bathroom was so small you had to leave the door open to wash properly at the sink. The hotel staff were professional but not very helpful. The hotel has a shushi restaurant attached to it which really isn't my thing. I ended up at the local Mcdonalds, about 2 blocks away, for my breakfast. The hotel is 2 blocks from the nearest subway station and Broadway. It has a great location and a great price for New York, but you only get what you pay for.	
Mar 30 2007 	Good Value Good Location for NYC	You get what you pay for. In NYC you pay double for the big names (Hilton, Marriott etc). This hotel is small, in a great location (near Theatre district, short subway ride to midtown business district).The service and peole are top notch. They are making the best of the facility. The rooms are SMALL. The temperature seems to be controlled centrally, not in each room. And the street noise is definitely noticable, and I was on the fourth floor.But for a quick trip where I spent all of 3 hours awake in the room I would do it again. The bathroom was modern and clean and the TV worked fine. The price and location were worth it. If you are used to collecting points at the major chains and expect that kind of experience, don't come here. But if you are a bit adventurous, you have nothing to lose.	
Mar 26 2007 	Great Location but a little noisy	Excellent location close to Times Square etc. The room was pretty small but with a 6' bed and very modern including an i-pod dock to listen to your own music. There was a &quot;time out&quot; guide and other information for travellers which was also very useful.The staff are very friendly and accommodating. The room itself was spotless and had a great shower (no bath).The only criticisms are the heating (or lack of) which was very old fashioned and absolutely covered in dust which made a terrible noise when it came on and the noise outside. The windows are not double glazed and the noise was so bad I was convinced that the windows were open when we first got there. It didn't help that there was building work going on a few blocks away which started early each morning.Overall it's a great hotel in a great location - just take your ear plugs!	
Mar 25 2007 	location location	Stayed here 19/3-22/3. Location,location,location!!!Perfect for short trip with not to much time to spend in room.As said many times before rooms not huge,but bathroom very impressive. (shower only). Only real gripe no tea/coffee making facilities. Staff friendly ,housekeeping very impressive. Would definately go and eat on 9th ave between 51st and 54th street, especially the road with the Chinese on 1 corner, lunch special $6 and the grill on the opposite corner(best value breakfasts).	
Mar 19 2007 	Loved it	Was supposed to stay here with my bf for one night, but we actually stayed two extra nights, and we would definitively go back.The room was not very big, but that didn't bother us. It was clean, the staff was nice and made the hotel feel exclusive. Great location too! Close to everything, Central Park, Empire State, Fith Ave.	
Mar 19 2007 	Overall a fair hotel	The Washington Jefferson hotel is undoubtedly a great location, close by to Times Square and one block from the subway.The service from staff is excellent. However, you get the feeling that the hotel is trying to be something that it isn't. The lobby lures you with its marble and swanky chandeliers. However, it’s a shame that the remainder of the public areas don't live up to this initial expectation. The elevator is cramped and the hallways are tired. The room itself was functional but compact. There is little in the way of wardrobe space, but the bed was extremely comfy. I would recommend that you avoid a room facing the street, as it was particularly noisy. It is worth noting that are request for a quiet room was not honoured. I would also point out that if staying in the summer the hotel doesn’t have air conditioning. Another reason not to have a street facing room with all that noise when the windows need opening! Heating during our stay was pleasant and overall I would say this hotel is an ok tourist class hotel ideal for short breaks.	
Mar 17 2007	sleep on a board	hotel was nice enough but the bed was HORRIBLE. I had them move me to another room because it was so bad - and I never complain at hotels, usually just put up with it. I seriously probably got no more than three hours of sleep. The room that they moved me to was just as bad.	
Mar 17 2007 	Loved it	I have just come back from 4 nights staying at the Washington Jefferson. It was great, good location walking distance to all the sights. Starbucks 1 block away and a great 24 hour diner ( cosmic diner) also 1 block away as well as the ny tour bus only a couple of blocks walk . The staff were great, nothing was to much trouble, room serviced everyday, lovely comfy bed. The room was small but who spends that much time in their room in NY. I travelled to NY alone and at no point did I feel unsafe in and around the hotel. overall great hotel with great staff would recomend.	
Mar 16 2007	Certainly Adequate	During a vagabond walking tour of NYC I dropped in to the WJ and was quoted a very reasonable price. The location was exceptional and my bed was very comfortable. I was especially impressed with the quality of bathroom facilities. The primary negative was the location of my room on the second floor with a window to the street. People yelled and caroused until about 3am. I found the service personnel to be very courteous and helpful. I would stay there again.	
Mar 15 2007	Great base for weekend stay	Booking the trip to New York only five days before going, I was worried about the type of hotel I would get for the budget I had. This was my husband and my first time to NY so didn't really know what type of accommodation to expect. We flew into Newark, train in Penn station then the E to 50th street subway station, with the WJ only a minutes walk from there. We had no problem checking in at 7pm and were given a room facing the street on the 3rd floor. The room was quite small but had a lovely neutral decor, queen size bed, cable TV, iron and ironing board, safe, dresser and bathroom with a double shower. The bed was comfortable and bedding comforting. Had a slight problem with the heating on the first night and nearly toasted so slept with the window open but didn't have much traffic noise (apart from the constant beeping of taxi's - seems to be customary in NY). The location was great for us, only a couple of blocks from Times Square, Rockefeller Centre and Central Park. We walked literally the length of Manhattan from Central Park to Battery Park and took practically all the sights in along the way so were thankful that the subway station was close to the hotel. A great base for a weekend stay. Travellers tip, if you don't want pay and queue for the boat to Liberty Island, jump on the free Staten Island ferry which gives you a great view of Liberty Island and the Statue, Manhattan and Brooklyn Bridge. Also, if you want to go up to the observation deck of the Empire State, try and go around 3-4pm (allowing queing time too) to get to see the city during the day, dusk and by night.	
Mar 12 2007	Great secret	Stayed here for a week, first time in New York. Girlie Holiday. Booked a double room, clean, spacious, gorgeous shower room, no tub but not a prob for us we all pref showers. Staff were excellent and more than helpful. Location was excellent just off Broadway walk to everywhere from hotel, central park, all the shops, tours and attractions. Hair dryers an straighteners didnt work big prob for party of girls!! Hairdressers around the corner not the same as getting it done at home but did the job. Got great deal which we were all happy with and even more so when we realised exactly the location. Will definitely return loved the City an the hotel. Would recommend to anyone. Luv Party of Irish	
Mar 10 2007 	Nothing better than ok	This hotel is NOTHING better than OK. Anyone that write rave reviews about it must have been at another hotel...Would I stay there again? YES....but only because when you are in NYC all you really need is a bed for a few hours.Rooms about the size of a queen size bed, taps were backwards so the hot means cold and cold mean hot.Location is the best part....one block from times square, couple from radio city, letterman, central park.Overall, just a bed to sleep in and nothing more. If that's what you are looking for, book it....if you would rather a bit of glamour, DON'T STAY HERE!!!	
Mar 4 2007 	WJ is Just OK	I began reading all the trip advisor reviews after I got stuck with the WJ through priceline ($125 was my per-night bid accepted by the WJ Hotel in the midtown west area of Manhattan). Was there from February 23 though March 2 2007. Here's my two cents' worth:We got the standard room with a single queen bed. I was so afraid that the room would be castrophobic (after reading all these TA reviews!) that I called in advance to make sure we got a room that at least had a tub in the john. (Some of the standard rooms have showers only and no tub). Must have called there about 5 times before I ever was able to talk to someone live and in person before we arrived. We got the room with the tub just by asking.Once we did arrive (at 9:00AM), the concierge was very helpful about taking our bags (and laptop) into a locked area until we could check in at 3:00PM. The hotel location is marginal at best. The House of Brews with 80 beers from around the world is a few doors down...and a couple higher-end restaurants are across the street. What I wanted and needed was a self-service laundromat. Was Very grateful to find one on the same street and just a half-block up towards 9th Avenue...but that place is closed as of this past Saturday (another story). Too bad because I paid only $15 to have 18 lbs. worth of laundry done at that place! I have no clue what the hotel would have charged to have our laundry sent out...but after being burned on a cruise back in 2000 with a $100 laundry bill...I didn't want to repeat that mistake in judgement ever again!If you walk up the block, you end up on 9th Avenue where a lot of various Hell's Kitchen restaurants and bars are. If you walk down the block, you end up on 8th Avenue which doesn't have much in that immediate area but a Rite Aid store (for pick up pop/juice/munchies). No room service at this hotel by the way. It is attached to a sushi-type restaurant. Didn't go there, but it appeared high end.The hotel room itself was small. As in I'm on my side of the bed and can reach to touch the wall small. My daughter was with me...she could do the same on her side of the bed. No place to hang clothes...no drawers...no nothing except two very small nighstands on either side of the bed...and the t.v. (as has been mentioned here before) up in the corner ceiling. T.V. went out after the first night. Manager said they were having problems and it'd be corrected by that evening. Thank goodness it was corrected because no t.v. to watch in a room that small would have been a nightmare!Keys to get into the room is another story. Got 3 or 4 replacement card keys while we were there; mine never did work to get into the room all week long.Bedding was o.k. I don't know why there is such a big deal made about down comforters or pillows, etc.; the mattress is on a wooden platform and all I know is that my back was killing me about every morning when I got up!The bathroom was small (what else did you expect?) and the soaps/shampoos/body lotion wasn't anything special. Not Molton Brown...not organic or fancy-schmancy...just boring and somewhat stinky to boot!Elevator went out one day; very bad since that was the day I took the laundry out in my 20 lb. huge suitcase...and down 5 flights of stairs by myself. YUCK!Good news! New York Times everyday...but you have to get it yourself by asking at the front desk where the papers are held on a back countertop.So---what grade do I give the WJ (Washington Jefferson) overall? For $125 a night....a C maybe C+. I've been going to Manhattan for the past 20+ years and have stayed everywhere from the Kimberly to the Beacon from the Sheraton Towers to the Olcott to private apartments. The WJ is just o.k. And that's my two cents from Mary in SE MI.Have a great vacation whereever you go!	
Feb 25 2007 	Great location and service!	For getting such an affordable price through Hotwire, we were VERY pleased with this hotel. It's hard to beat the location, within minutes of easy walking to many major attractions (Time Square, NBC, Radio CIty, Central Park, Broadway, etc.) The rooms were very small, but very nicely appointed, with a comfortable bed and a nice bathroom. The only real issue I had with the hotel was the heating-the radiator kicked out too much heat. We called for help and they tried to turn it down, but was still too warm. The only way to cool the room was to open the windows, letting in street noise. Other than that, the employees were always very helpful and friendly, and I would definitely recommend this hotel for those who are budget minded but enjoy great location!	
Feb 18 2007 	Bait and Switch	The Washington Jefferson was adequate, not memorable. You expect small rooms in NYC and this was no exception. The only way to regulate the heat was by the degree to which you opened the window (and this was in February!), so usually the room was too hot or too cold. But what most annoyed me was the price. I reserved a room on the hotel's own website for around $160 per night for two nights. When I arrived they told me there had been a price &quot;adjustment&quot; and they charged me about $20 more per night. Not so much that it was worth the time and effort to find another place to stay, but if I'd been quoted that price to begin with I would have booked elsewhere. It's probably illegal, certainly unethical, and I will not, of course, go back.	
Feb 10 2007	location location location!	I went to New York this week to see some plays and chose this hotel for it's location. It was within walking distance of all the broadway shows. Our room was SMALL , but that's new york. It was clean and quiet. The bed was very comfortable. If you have trouble changing channels on the tv, you must point the remote at the cable box that is on top of the tv which is mounted on the wall. There is only a sushi bar in the hotel but directly across the street is an excellent Italian restaurant whose name escapes me.	
Feb 2 2007	Great Hotel!	Great hotel- I was sort of hesitant due to some other reviewers complaining about the size of the rooms or the remodel but I was very happy with my stay. My room(booked at the cheapest rate) was plenty big. The bathroom was spotless and well appointed. They have great TV selections(not that you need a TV when in NYC) and also WiFi and LAN cable.Enough has been said about the location so I won't add to it other than to see if it RIGHT there.I will gladly stay at this hotel again in the future.	
Jan 29 2007 	A Great Hotel	Judge a hotel on three basics: (1) location, (2) beds, (3) bathrooms. The location is ideal for Broadway, Lincoln Center, restaurants--all within easy walking distance. The beds were terrific--firm and dressed with down comforters. The bathroom was spotless and attractively appointed. As a bonus, the staff was always pleasant and helpful. I will stay at the Washington Jefferson whenever I return to NYC.	
Jan 21 2007	Great location - great hotel!	I have just returned from a 7 night stay at the WJ Hotel. Do NOT believe the harsh reviews on this hotel! We had a twin standard bedroom (room 635 - see uploaded pictures) which were had more than enough space for the two of us. The rooms in New York ARE small, but we fit in nicely and there was room enough for our suitcases.The beds were great and firm, the downs were magnificent! The bathroom was quite large, nicely designed and had a bath tub. Fresh linnens and towels every day.The staff was more than helpful and extremely friendly. They helped us getting a reasonably priced personal transfer to the airport (we used Super Shuttle TO the hotel - big mistake!).The location was great - a few mins walk to Times Square (but without all the noise). Also in walking distance to Central Park and Midtown attractions such as Top of the Rock and Radio City.All in all a great hotel - however it would have been nice to be able to eat breakfast there, eventhough there was a lot of opportunities around. For dinner we can definetly recommend the fabulous burgers at the Montana Grill a few blocks east on 51st street and for the finer dining; The London NYC hotel (a Gordon Ramsey Restaurant).	
Jan 18 2007 	Grrreat Hotel	Stayed in this hotel in January 2007 and can say no bad things about it. The hotel staff were extremly friendly and catered to all our needs and sorted any problems and queries we had quickly and efficiently. The rooms were a reasonable size and as you dont go to new york to stay in your hotel was more than adequate. The rooms were always spotless with fresh linen and towels everyday, the bathrooms were lovely with a great shower with round the clock hot water. All in All the washington Jefferson was a great experience in an excellent location. Only 5 minutes from Time Square!! Highly Recommended!!	
Dec 30 2006 	Great value friendly staff	We booked the hotel through priceline-two rooms for 2 adults and 3 teenaged kids. While both rooms were booked with 1 queen bed in each, we called the hotel in advance to ask if we could have one of the rooms with twin beds -- they told us they could not guarantee this, but would provide if available, and they were able to give us one twin-bedded room (no upcharge) on check in. This was quite a bit larger than our room with the queen, and allowed us to set up an air mattress for our third kid without problems.Rooms were clean, if small, with nice amenities (hair dryer, nice toiletries, good water pressure in shower, thick towels). A few problems --- leaky radiator in one room, balky key cards that required several tries to work, and -- most annoyingly -- a safe that wouldn't open (with our valuables inside!) due to low battery. However, when we'd call about problems, hotel staff responded quickly and cheerfully fixed the problems. They were also nice about allowing us to check out an hour late. Overall, I think this hotel is a very good value, considering the excellent location.	
Dec 25 2006 	Really Great Experience	I was very impressed by the quality of the small rooms at the WJ. The linens, comforter, and amenities were all high quality. Yes, my room was small, but it was more than sufficient for my needs as a solo traveler. And, the location is superb. I have grown to really enjoy the Hell's Kitchen side of the Theater District with its many restaurants and neighborhood 'feel.' My Hotwire rate was USD 112 a night plus taxes over the Christmas weekend. A real steal for a very fine accommodation.	
Dec 6 2006 	Fabulous gem Great location!	Went to the city for the first time. We were nervous because we booked the hotel over Priceline. This hotel is a fabulous hidden gem. There is an outstanding Italian Restaurant Vice/Versa across the street. It is within walking distance to every major attraction that New York has to offer. We were able to walk to the theater at night. We also did the hop on/off grayline bus tour. We would highly recommend this tour if you only have a short time to explore the city.The hotel rooms were small, but more than adequate. They have incredible toiletries from Austrailia. All and all it was an amazing experience!	
Dec 4 2006 	Great Location!!	My wife and I booked the WJ (Washington Jefferson) through Priceline.com. We were a little worried, but everything was great. The WJ has a great central location. It is located in a nice neighborhood near good resturants. We were a five minute walk from Time Square and Rockefeller Center. The rooms are small but very clean. The staff is very friendly and helpful. We would stay at the WJ again.	
Dec 3 2006	Washington Jefferson - Loved it	Washington Jefferson on 51st street / 8th Ave, just outside of the action, close enough to get to it easily though. Loads of restaurants very close, theatres are close as well, easy to get to Time Square or Central Park. Close to subways, bus terminals or Piers for ferry trips. The Hotel itself, with a gym (if you have enough energy after all the shoppijng!) is exceptionally good value, very very clean, nicely set out bathroom, with good shower (always loads of hot water), nice complimentrys in the room and fresh flowers every day.Breakfast is not available, but a minute outside to 8th avenue wheres theres loads of eateries, to suit all pockets.You do get what you pay for, but the Jefferson was certaily value for money.	
Nov 20 2006 	Need a backache?	I was lured to this hotel because of its location and 3 1/2 star rating. For the price (about $350/night), I figured I'd be getting, at the very least, a comfortable night's sleep.Don't fall into the same trap!- Room size: 12' x 12'. No closet, only a 4 ft. armoire without enough length to hang a knee length dress. Miniscule bathroom, as well: it was literally impossible to sit straight on the toilet without my knees hitting the wall in front of me, and there was no counter space whatsoever.- Mattress. The bed was platform-style: there was no box spring or padding underneath the unbearably hard mattress. The mattress pad was 1/16 &quot; thick and was useless; frankly, I've slept on floors more comfortable. Since sleep was impossible, I spent half the night contemplating the availability of egg crates at the Macy's home store. My mother, who was staying with me, woke up the next morning with crippling arthritis pain. - Noise. An air conditioner was permanently installed in the window, even though it was November. The sounds of Times Square and bar patrons filled the room until 2am. There was about an hour of quiet before the garbage trucks started in around 3.- The Good News: Great location, about a five-minute walk (through Hell's Kitchen) to Times Square. Rooms were clean and nicely decorated, with the exception of the TV, which was on a hospital-style ceiling mount. Front desk and bell staff were courteous and friendly.- Bottom line: My mother and I spent one night at this hotel, then spent the following morning trying to find different accomodations. After some argument, the hotel management refunded us our deposit, and we moved down the street to a hotel that cost $150 more each night. Lesson learned: stay at a chain hotel, and don't rely on travel website's reviews!	
Nov 12 2006 	WJ not ok !	TripAdvisor member DUBLIN, IRELANDNo air-conTiny rooms - dark and gloomyDraught from window - we had to plug ours with towelsNo soundproofing - at least that I could hear !!No facilities - not even a tea/coffee maker in the roomGood location - operating standards let it downOver-priced, over-rated (by itself), over-assured and under-performing	
Oct 17 2006	Excellent location	I was pleasantly surprised at the location of this hidden gem. I agree with the other reviewers that the rooms were much too small. However, they served the purpose. The room was clean and well supplied. I would've liked to have had better control of the room temperature/heat via thermostat control/etc. The staff was very courteous and friendly. I did not go into the Japanese restaurant on site as I had other plans, however, it looked great.The location was great. You are right in the middle of everything. I would recommend this hotel to anybody on a short trip to NYC.	
Oct 16 2006 	Excellent Value	I got a fantastic deal on this hotel from Priceline - So I worried that it would be a dump.It was not. It was very clean and perfectly adequate - much better than I would ever have expected for the price.Yes the room was tiny, But I've travelled extensively in Europe and paid much more for rooms that were just as small and not nearly as nice or as clean.It was a little off the beaten track, but that meant the there was no street noise - and my room faced the street.I will stay here again.	
Sep 30 2006	Women traveling alone beware	I stayed at the WJ one night while in NYC for business. Upon check-in, the desk attendant was very sarcastic and asked me questions like &quot;why was I only staying one night&quot;. He also read my room number out loud when handing me my key. I didn't have any further trouble while on site, but found out later the next day from the receptionist at my office that the hotel had called and demanded my cell phone number due to some &quot;problem on my floor&quot; (fortunately, she didn't give it to them). She offered them my voicemail but they didn't leave a mesage. Meanwhile, I had checked out three hours prior to when they called, which they would have known because I handed my key in to the desk in the envelope with my room number on it.Travelers should know that the hallways and rooms are extremely small; I would not recommend this hotel for families or those traveling with a lot of luggage.	
Sep 26 2006 	Great staff	My daughter &amp; I stayed for 2 nights in this hotel last week on our first trip to New York. We got this hotel from a Priceline bid so did not know what to expect although my experience with Priceline has been generally very positive. We did not mind the smallness of the room as we were there to visit New York, not dwell in our room. It is in a great location &amp; we walked to so many of the things we wanted to see. The bed was very comfy &amp; the STAFF were superb &amp; made us feel most welcome. Our only complaint would be a bit of noise but this was from other guests who did not have the common courtesy of being quieter when in the hallways. This could not be prevented in any hotel. I would gladly stay here again rather than pay double/triple the price for a few more amenities. I have found Trip Advisor a most informative site for getting feedback on places &amp; used it extensively for a recent trip, so thought I would submit a comment to assist others when making a choice for their accommodation.	
Sep 26 2006 	clean but TINY!	OK so the location was fab! a few minutes walk from times square and from the trendy bars and restaurents of hell's kitchen. but with transport so cheap( we payed $ 25 for a week's travelcard! and the subway runs 24 hours) and convenient do you really need to stay THAT central? this is a hotel where you MUST be prepared to live out of suitcases...it seemed to be very popular with airline staff who stay possibly less than 24 hours. you can HARDLY move in the bathrooms they are sooo tiny. on the plus side the rooms and bathrooms are IMMACULATELY clean with maid service every day and fresh bed linen and towels.the shower was as good as a powershower! the air conditioning was noisy but worked though sometimes we had to turn it off when the noise got too loud! new york is an AMAZING city and i will definitely go back but the washington jefferson will definitely NOT be my home away from home!	
Sep 22 2006	Super little hotel	We spent five nights at the WJ and would stay there again in a heartbeat. Friendly staff, clean room, outstanding location, quiet yet close to everything.	
Sep 10 2006	Great Hotel but small rooms for 2 singles	Love the location but be prepared for the small size rooms. Great Front Desk staff. The room was pleasant and the decor very nice. The bathroom products (shampoo, lotions etc) are super. Large soft bath towels. It's just a little cramped for 2 singles, but other than the size of our room, we really enjoyed our stay there. We would stay there again.	
Sep 7 2006 	Good value great location	I stayed at the WJ over Labor Day weekend 2006, and enjoyed it very much. The location is perfect. Close enough to walk to theatres and restaurants. Excellent bus and subway access for trips further afield. But on a quiet tree lined street. So you get the convenience of some of the mega hotels in the times square area, without the chaos of actually being in Times Square.Yes, the rooms are compact. Think of a decent size cabin on a cruise ship. The rooms are well designed, and nicely furnished. The baths are very nice.I don't know what previous poster who complained about a superficial refurbishment is talking about. Yes, it is an older elevator. But it worked well and was spacious compared to some that I've seen in smaller hotels in Europe. My suggestion for improvement would be to have a place to get tea or coffee in the morning in the lobby (or somewhere). This is not a major issue, because there are a number of places within 1/2 block to get whatever you want 24 hours a day. But it would be more convenient to have something like that available in the lobby. Staff is helpful and friendly. I will stay here again.	
Aug 30 2006	Stay Away - Worst Hotel I've been at in a long time	This hotel claims to be a 3 star hotel. It is, at best, a 2 star hotel with a fresh coat of paint. My room was extremely noisy, when I had specifically requested and been told I would get, a quiet room. I travel extensively. In the past month, I have stayed at 8 different hotels in 4 different countries. I stay in Manhattan all the time; this is the worst hotel I have been at in a very long time.The property has had a recent, but completely cosmetic, facelift. The infrastructure is extremely old. There was only one tired elevator in the building, and it hailed from the era when Herbert Hoover was president. The elevator is a metaphor for the entire building.This hotel is not at all what is seems. It was a very big disappointment.	
Aug 28 2006 	Great hotel	Recently stayed at athe Washington-Jefferson Hotel in NYC. Great little hotel. Great location (51st and 8th). On a nice quite street, but close to everything. Walk to Times Square, Central Park, theaters, Rockerfeller Center, and more. Subway very close. Rooms were small but very clean. Staff pleasant and helpful.	
Aug 22 2006 	Love the location and cute room	My husband and I booked WJ on Priceline, paid $135 a night, stayed there from Aug. 8th to 13th, 2006. The bid price was a bit higher than we thought and not much less than reserving directly from the hotel. But we did save some money. The hotel was in a great location. Basically we can walk to almost every attraction in Mid Town. Bus and subway stations are only a block away, very convenient. We managed to go back to the hotel and took a nap in the afternoon, preparing for the night exploration. What a nice location!The space was small like other said, but it’s not too bad. If you are tall and big, you might feel constrained. The room was remodeled, cute, very clean, and including free high speed internet. The air-conditioning was a bit noisy like other said, but not a big problem. Our room was on the third floor facing 51st street, and we found a bit noisy from the restaurants cross the street during the night. The staffs were helpful and nice. Service was great. We requested a fridge and got one without extra charge. When we wanted to print out our e-ticket a day before our leaving, the receptionist allowed us using his computer and printer pleasantly. We scheduled a ride from LGA to WJ and WJ to LGA through Carmel Limo. It was great, fast and punctual. We spent like $34 from LGA to WJ including toll and tip (need to use its online $4 coupon for airport pickup) and $32 from WJ to LGA (also need to use its online $3 coupon for discount trip. And the driver even took us to go a route without paying a toll, $4.5) .Overall, highly recommend for couples with limited budget and would like to live in a convenient location in the city. We’d like to go to NY with our parents in nearly future, wondering if they have a bigger room for 4.	
Jul 29 2006 	Excellent location	The hotel's location is excellent, being on a quiet, peaceful street of 8th avenue but still within close walking distance of Times Square and other major attractions. The room was incredibly tiny (the smallest hotel room possible, I think) and the air-conditioning unit was poorly located (at the foot of the bed). The noise from the other air-conditioning units is a problem at night. The bathroom was fantastic. It was very recently renovated and was very clean.	
Jul 22 2006	Great Spot	I was a little apprehensive after booking this hotel through Priceline. I read a review that the rooms were not air conditioned, I have to tell you - I freaked out! So I called the hotel and they said that the rooms did have air conditioning. Then my sister decided she wanted to come with my son and I to NYC, and I knew the rooms were extremely small here, so we called the hotel again - they said no worries, we will put you in a queen double for a little extra a night - which was great.We split our stay in New York, first spending 3 nights at the Affinia Dumont (which was absolutely fantastic) and then moved to the WJ on Sunday thru Wednesday. We loved the location of the WJ, it was on a quiet street, very close to all the theaters.The room consisted of two queen beds that were fairly comfortable, down feather pillows, which were nice. We had a big closet and a huge bathroom. The bathroom was like a sauna, extremely hot - no ac there. The room had a small window airconditioner that did a decent job, it was really hot in the city last week (July 16, 17, 18 &amp; 19). We were on the 6th floor and it was quiet, no street noise. The queen double was small, but it had a desk, the two beds with a small table between them, and the big closet - the shampoos, etc. were really nice.Positives include nice staff, the price and location - the pillows and the products. Negatives would be there is no ice machine, but you can call the front desk and they will bring you ice, but then you have to tip --, there was no coffee maker, you had to run out every morning, and the bathroom was super hot.All in all, we enjoyed our stay and would surely go back - maybe in October - I don't think I would stay there again in the summer.	
Jul 18 2006	Great Location Great Price	I stayed at the WJ from July 13, 2006 to July 17th. My gal pal and I came up for a mini-vaca and loved the room. It is quite small indeed, but just like anything else in NYC, you're paying for location. Anyone who's traveled in Europe wouldn't mind the size of the room. We were about 2 blocks from Times Square and a $10 cab ride to just about anywhere in Manhattan. We were also 2 blocks from the subway which was convenient as well. The staff was very friendly and non-intrusive. My only complaint was that there was no maid service on Sunday and I don't know if that's standard practice or what. Otherwise, I would highly recommend this room to anyone traveling on a budget who wants a great location.	
Jul 3 2006	What a Spot	What a Spot. The location of this hotel is central to everything we like to do; theater, dining ,comedy clubs, the moma, nightlife etc.. By being in such a central location we saved money on cab fares. The hotel is extremely clean with friendly service. Our sleeping quarters were very small consisting of a comfortable queen sized bed, a stand-free wardrobe,desk and ceiling tv. There is little room to move around, but who spends much time inside a NYC hotel? Our bathroom was almost the size of our sleeping area. It was clean and modern. It comes with a hairdyer and ecofriendly bathing products. We stumbled across this hotel thru a pricline booking and ended up paying $110. a night. Expedia prices advertised were $145. a night. This was July 4th weekend.There are several restaurants right outside the door. We had dinner at the french restaurant across the street one night. I wouldn't go back. But I may not be a fair judge because french cuisine isnt my favorite. There is a friendly pub located next door which has every beer on tap that you can imagine with a bangers and mash type of menu.Bottom line- I think we were lucky to have stayed at this place and would consider booking there directly(as opposed to priceline) for our next trip.	
Jun 30 2006	Good Value for NYC	I stayed at the WJ Hotel for a quick trip to New York City. I booked the hotel on Priceline (2.5 star level) and paid $145/night. Considering the cost of New York Hotels it was a pretty good deal, but not much better than what we would have got booking directly with the hotel.I really like the location of the hotel with a couple of good restaurants right across the street and a sushi bar adjacent to the hotel. It was also really convienient that two separate subway stops were only a block or so away (50th St).The rooms were pretty small as others said, but they weren't too small.There was enough room for our bags, a desk, a queen bed, and a small wardrobe (no closet). Everything was clean and the bedding was comfortable. The bathroom was also small (no tub just a shower). But the bathroom products were nice.So ... my basic review is that we really enjoyed staying here. The staff was very helpful and helped us figure out how to get back to the airport (they arranged a towncar for $44 to LGA--almost as much as it would have cost two of us to take the subway/train). The rooms were comfortable and clean, but small. And the location was great--easy walking distance from Hell's Kitchen restuarants, Time's Square, Central Park, the MOMA, 5th Ave, and all the Theaters.	
Jun 28 2006	A NY Gem	From the pleasant, helpful staff at the front desk to the friendly, thorough housekeeper, this little hotel is a true &quot;gem&quot; for the price you pay in a city of overpriced accommodations.I'd echo the earlier comments about the size of the room but who comes to NY to stay in their room? We had a twin room but another single friend had a K bed room and not only did it have more space but there was a jacuzzi tub. Ask for a room in the back for quiet. Comfy bed and good linens made for a great night's sleep. Window a/c a bit noisy but very tolerable. Teensy bathroom had terrific shower, sink miniscule (would be difficult for a large person to maneuver) Spotlessly clean. Mama Pia restaurant across the street is good food, reasonable, and has a small terrace. Other restaurants on that block looked terrific as well. As stated by others, location is excellent for theater district and, if your feet hold up, farther afield.	
Jun 20 2006	A Lovely Place	This was a lovely hotel, although a little pokey (small), it was cleaned relativley well every day of the four days we were there, the staff were always extremely helpfull and polite and made our stay very pleasant indeed.Our room consisted of two single beds, both very comfy with a nice bathroom, a small wardrobe like cupboard containing a safe, we didnt feel much point in using the wardrobe as it was a little too small for the both of us so lived out of a suitcases but this was not a problem for us, altho it did take up rather a lot of space. It is small but perfect because you are out all day in a city like New York and to come back to a cosy bed was all me and my friend needed.This hotel is a brilliant choice for its value for money and its fantastic location, five minute walk from Times Square, Central Park, The Tube and Macy's, it was all very easy to get to from where we stayed and as I said previously mentioned the staff helped with all our queries.I would highley recomend it.	
Jun 14 2006	Great location tiny(!!) rooms	We stayed here for 3 nights during the Txgiving Weekend. The location of the hotel is very convenient to practically everything in Midtown; the service was professional and curtious; everything was clean and somewhat tidy; my only complaint is the size of the room - when you walk in, you have to choices, you can either stand against the wall or lay down on a queen size bed.. we could barely fit 1 large bag and two people into the room w/o leaving the door open; the same goes for the size of the bathroom, it's almost the size of the airplane bathroom on United. That being said, we still enjoyed our trip, considering that we didn't spend that much time in the hotel. It's also in a very quiet street, which is an added bonus in a noisy city.	
May 27 2006	Highly Recommend	I stayed at the WJ for 6 nights in total, and I was blown away by how great this hotel was! The rooms are very small, but they are updated, cute, and very clean! The staff was amazing, the nicest staff of any hotel I have ever stayed at! They knew my first name and said hello each and every time I entered the front doors! I will tell all my friends and family to stay at this hotel, it was wonderful! Plus the prices can't be beat (especially in NYC), and you're only a block or so from Times Square, Central Park and all the Broadway shows! We went to see the Color Purple, it was less than a 5 minute walk! Amazing! A must stay!	
May 10 2006	The Color Purple	The room was small and cozy. Booked this room thru my travelers advantage travel club. $169.99 per night. We (me and hubby and two other couples) stayed the weekend of St. Patricks Day holiday. There was lots going on during this weekend. St. Patricks Day parade, my girlfriend's birthday celebration. Went to see the Color Purple. Awesome Play !The staff was nice and very accomodating. Caution though, the room is extremely small. High points of the hotel, very clean, friendly staff. We visited Chinatown, Little Italy and even Harlem (Sylvia's restaurant &amp; the Apollo). We all picked up really quickly and learned how to catch the subway $7 for an all day pass. If you walked in off the street and wanted to book this hotel, the price is very high ($200 plus range). I don't think the hotel is worth it because the rooms are extremely small for $200 plus. They say most hotel rooms in New York are small anyways....i don't know. Yes, we would stay here again.....Now I honestly can say ....just like the commercial......I LOOOOVE NEEEEW YOOOORK. lol !Patricia &amp; Willliam (Que)Newark, DE	
Apr 22 2006	The hotel staff was wonderful the room very small but clean	I have been to NYC many times in the past, but this was the first time I stayed in the WJ hotel. I was on a strict budget on this trip and I paid a total of $301.00 per night (250.00 for the room and then a bunch of taxes). The room was extremely small, and the bathroom was even smaller. I think it iss about the size of your average cruise ship room with the bathroom on ships larger than this bathroom. Also the heat and air are controlled by the hotel and if you are too hot or too cold you have to call them to come and adjust the temperature which they will.The hotel was in a good location for shows, shopping, eating and central park. We felt safe. It is 2 blocks from the E train which takes you to Queens so that you can ride the Q33 bus to LaGuardia Airport. (It cost about $ 3 to 4.00 each way vs a taxi. The trip took us about 50 minutes total from hotel steps to terminal )The staff was excellent, helpful and just plain nice. All of them were that way. The rooms were very clean and the bed comfortable and firm. I would stay there again. Once you get over the &quot;small room&quot; shock, it is a wonderful place to stay if you are on a budget.	
Mar 27 2006	Third time in under a year and still quite happy!	This was our third time staying here in less than a year (it's where we stay when we're in town for shows) and we were quite happy with the hotel. The staff recognized us at check-in, which was quite nice. The room (room 390) was quite large for one of the cheaper rooms - even had sufficient spaceto successfully sit on the toilet (something we didn't have the very first visit). The bed was pretty comfortable (not ideal, but we still slept soundly, the rooms were very clean, and (as I said), the servcie was friendly and prompt. Only real problem was that at about 6:00am on Sunday, it sounded like they were taking the trash out to the dumpster for thirty minutes. Will still return here in spite of this. For the price and the location (1/2 block away from the Gershwin Theater where Wicked is playing), it's a great place to stay.	
Mar 26 2006	Small but worth it	Me and my partner spent 2 nights at the W-J March 21-22, 2006. The room was small but clean, and more than adequate for $145/night. The place is a little shopworn (carpeting and blinds were stained and torn), does not provide much in the way of amenities(useless ironing board), but the location was perfect. The staff were very helpful when needed to be and never unpleasant. We went to see Wynton Marsalis at Lincoln Center which was within walking distance, as was Times Square, from the hotel. We rode the subway up to Harlem and down to the Village. Subway stops are all over the area. So our room did not have a bathtub, I was never as keenly aware that people took so many baths, especially while spending limited time in NYC, as I have become after reading hotel reviews on Tripadvisor. I would return to The W-J, no problem.	
Mar 26 2006	Gem of Manhatten	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Washington Jefferson in end Jan early Feb. We booked it based on price and previous reviews and were not disappointed!It was easy to find and get to via public transport (we had a suitcase each, so not just hand luggage) although getting suitcases around the subway isn't always easy.The room was cosy (read small), but all we needed as we were out most of the time, bed comfy if a little short (we are 5'9&quot; and 6'1&quot;) but always scrupulously clean.Staff were polite and helpful. Hotel is also only 5 min walk from Times Square &amp; theatre district.The only bad point I would say that this hotel may be too warm in the summer as there is no air conditioning. We were there during a mild Feb (before the 2.5 feet of snow!) and it was warm enough to have the window open during the night.Would recommend for any couples/singles who want a clean, comfortable base to sight see from.	
Mar 18 2006	To Room at the W J or Not Room at the W J ? : That Is The Question	Hello. My name is R.C. I stayed at the Washington Jefferson in MidTown Manhattan, from Tuesday, March 14, 2006 till Friday morning, March 17, 2006. Where shall I begin? Aesthetically, it was a pleasing place. The decorating in fine, the outside exterior was okay. It doesn't have a rundown look by any means. The hotel itself is an old building that was reconfigured into a hotel, obviously.  Having said that, by converting an old building into a hotel, they obviously were not able to have more space in particular rooms. I stayed in the least expensive room (for NYC standards). I'm not a tall person (almost 5'9&quot;), but goodness gracious, the room seemed to have been built for a Munchkin (i.e. the movie, the &quot;Wizard of Oz&quot;). There is VERY little surface space to put store/place things.  The bed size was okay. The combination comforter/bedsheet was soft, but kind of bulky. I would have preferred a standard hotel bedsheet. At the end of the bed, there was a tiny bit of space, where you could place your luggage, but two pieces at the most.  The small closet dresser was average. There was a tiny bit of surface space on top, but not much at that. Inside the closet, you have a small iron and ironing board. (I didn't use it, because I had no way of knowing if it would sputter on my clothes or not.) The best feature of the entire room was the security safe. It is the type where you punch in four digit numbers to open and close the safe. THAT I liked. The door of the dresser/closet is quite close to the side of the bed. Can we talk about the bathroom? It has a nice decor. If you were thinking of taking a bath, fuggedaboutit. There is a stand up shower, with surrounding glass, all around. The water pressure was fine and the water nice and hot, as you prefer.The vanity/sink? Oh my!. Once again, a Munchkin would have LOVED that one. It has a tiny sink, with the spigot protruding about three quarters of the way into the middle of the sink. If you want to splash your face or what not, then you have to be careful about splashing water on the floor.  They do include some tiny little containers of soap, conditioner and body wash and a few little grooming kits. (Of course I took them home with me.) The lobby: Very nice, with cushioned seats and sofas here and there. Glass entry doors. There are usually two gentlemen who are there to help. The normal check in time is 3:00 p.m. (which is usually not mentioned in the online sites). I got there around 12:30 p.m. and managed to check in around an hour later. The hotel itself is divided into two sections, with each section having its elevator. I had a room on the second floor, so I could either walk up to my room or use the elevator.  Aside from the room safe, the best thing about this place was the location. Since I had a ticket for &quot;Wicked&quot;, the Gershwin Theatre was only a block and a half away. There are plenty of places to shop and eat. Around the corner, there is a Rite Aid (pharmacy / store). I loved eating at this place called the Cosmic Diner, located at 888 8th Avenue, at the corner of 52nd Street. The prices are reasonable, plus they're open 24 hours a day.  There is a subway/Metro station located on 50th Street, close to the hotel. I only used the subway during my brief stay, no buses or taxi cabs. I paid $7.00 for single day card (good till 3:00 a.m. the next day). It was quite useful.  In conclusion, if I ever go back to NYC, it will not be at the Washington Jefferson. Although I'm not claustrophobic, I feel a bit constrained inside my room. Nearby, there is a Hampton Inn on 8th Avenue. I may check them out next time. I think I'd rather pay a little more $$$ to guarantee a room with a more comfortable size. The W J is okay, but I'd rather have more space.  Speaking of safety, the hotel is located in a safe area. There was a bit of garbage bags waiting to be picked up. Also, if you're out and about into the wee hourrs of the morning, then expect to show your room card to the hotel personnel at the door. It makes sense. Enjoy your stay in NYC!	
Mar 13 2006	try a different hotel	Ultra small rooms. Room for bed and two feet of space on each side. No/AC No bath tub, shower only. No box spring on mattress. Top mattress is on a sheet of lumber. No chairs in the room. No coffee maker or ice in the room. A two star at best.	
Jan 6 2006	Better Than Expected	I stayed at WJ with my boyfriend and a friend for 5 nights. We were on the highest floor (room 636) in a room with 2 queen beds. The room was clean and the size was fine, although we could have used more closet space. The beds were nice, but a bit on the firm side. The shower was a bit small but adequate and the staff was extremely helpful. We were able to check out late and they arranged a cab for our departure. If you are expecting a luxury hotel, you will be disappointed. But if you want a boutique hotel that is close to many great attractions, then the WJ is for you.	
Jan 5 2006	Great find in NYC!	Loved staying the WJ Hotel! Staff was very friendly and accomodating, and happy to check our bags while we shopped on 5th Ave before our bus ride home. Maria Pia across the street looked great, but get a reservation! The host there couldn't seat us, but sent us to thier other restaurant on 47th (Scarlatto), and that was fantastic! The Location of the WJ was perfect, as its just off 8th Ave, and close to all the theatres. 5 minute brisk walk from the Schubert (with about 3 Starbucks on the way!). Very clean room, excellent linens and well decorated. Only problem would be that the door was hard to close (required a good slam) and the small proportions of everything. If you're looking for a great view and a spacious room with huge bathroom, this is not the place; things are cozy! But the location and value can't be beat! Excellent hotel for staying sightseeing in NY!	
Jan 1 2006 	Adequate But SMALL Rooms	Having travelled to NYC several times now, I know that you have to go 4 star or above, or you are taking your travelling life in your hands. The Washington Jefferson was adequate, but the rooms were terribly small. The hotel was clean, the staff was effective and courteous, but our room was two twin beds squished into a tiny tiny space. Even the bathroom was similar to an airliner and gave very little space...even by New York standards. A decent hotel for business travel where you just are looking for a place to lay your head at night, but if you are planning on spending any non-sleeping time in the room, prepare to feel clostrophobic.	
Dec 29 2005	Unique Boutique Hotel in the Theater District	On a small side street off the Broadway Theater District is this small, compact hotel with an elequent but small lobby and excellent, friendly service. We were given a room in the &quot;Under Renovation&quot; area. Althought some would be completely insulted, this was an adventure. We went up seperately in the only &quot;one man, one bag&quot; elevator (door looked like a closet door), actually I took the stairs up 3 flights, to a hallway where we were instructed to take the 1st door on the right (truly looked like a service door enterance). Down this hall and to our right were gutted out rooms, wires hanging, some rooms with long-term, pre-renovation tennants complete with eviction notices! As if seeing the gates of &quot;Oz&quot; we saw a new door with brass knocker and handle.... walked into the room and could touch opposite walls lying flat with arms overhead. Window looked out to an enclosed area with fire escapes that looked like a scene from Westside Story (expected to see Maria and Tony). The room was extremely small (average for New York I'm told) but it was upgraded with top of the line bed, bath fixtures, etc. Unbelievably fantastic location... 1/2 block to subway, walked to Times Square, Rockefellow Center, etc. Was a great experience... not the Plaza but, an excellent adventure.	
Dec 4 2005	location location location	Nice hotel, Fantastic location, small rooms but then you won't be spending much time inside the rooms. The rooms were very clean, nice fresh sheets on the beds, toiletries in the bathroom were lovely, bed was very comfortable and had a very good sleep whilst i was here the goose down quilt was extremely warm. There is no air conditioning so wouldn't advise staying here in mid summer, we stayed here in November 2005 from the 26th till the 30th and it was very warm we had to leave the windows open all night and the central heating was switched off too. There is a good bar a couple of doors away which was very nice and there are plenty of food places and a 24 hour store around the corner. The subway is also just around the corner and we felt we were very well located. Ideal location for all attractions in New York, Times Square and Broadway are a block away. The Bellboy was very nice and couldn't do enough to help - we loved it so much will be returning next year.	
Nov 17 2005	Bathroom for Lilliputians	This hotel has been redone and done-up quite aestheticly well. The bed linens &amp; toiletries are wonderful, but our bathroom was exceptionally too small to even turn around in! Heating was either extreme and our window(street side) was single pane and seemed and felt like it was open to the outside. Location was very good for walking mid-town.	
Nov 16 2005	Low price - Small Hotel - Excellent service and location	Clean and nice little hotel in the heart of New York. The hotel has excellent service, and the location is a only few min walks from Time Square, Central Park and St. Patrick’s. The rooms are small, almost to small - but comfortable and very clean, and who spend times in a hotel room when visiting New York City?	
Nov 9 2005	You'd be better off at the Bates Motel	I knew we were in trouble when the halls reeked of disinfectant and there was a radio blaring next door (which it continued to do for the next twelve hours!).Room 302 was a nightmare. This is a room the WJ Hotel deems a &quot;Superior Guest Room&quot;! There was no desk, no chair, no closet. No place to store the luggage or put your clothes. I had to pile mine on the floor. The room was maybe 8x5. It was impossible for two people to change clothes at the same time. One person had to lie on the bed and wait for the other person to finish. There were huge holes in the wall and roaches greeted us in the cramped bathroom the next morning. This room could be a challenge on &quot;Fear Factor&quot;! Luckily, we were able to find other accommodations and only had to spend one night there.	
Oct 30 2005	Surprised!	I decided to get a hotel in NYC through Priceline, as I had had some success with it before. I had to &quot;up&quot; my dollar amount to $205 per night before a hotel would accept it...that hotel was the WJ. It was a Friday night, so I can understand the high price...coming into NYC two weeks prior we were able to stay at the Radisson in a spacious room with two beds for $199 on a Sunday night! Anyway, after finding out the hotel was the WJ, I came on here to read reviews. I was floored. I tried to get out of it, but was unable to. Most reviewers gave it such a poor rating, and since I was taking my parents to the East coast for their first time, I didn't want to have them in a cruddy room. I just decided to warn them ahead of time that it would be SMALL and I wasn't even sure of the neighborhood.Turns out I was worried for nothing! Yes, the roooms were small. Yes, the elevator was slower than walking up the six flights! But the rooms were clean and in good condition, and we were quite pleased. Would I chose the Radisson over the WJ for the same price? YES. But the WJ wasn't the complete horror I thought it would be. Considering I would have paid over $300 bucks a night to return to the Radisson on a Friday night, WJ wasn't bad at all.	
Oct 23 2005	Scratched from my list of NYC hotels	I have stayed at the W-J three seperate times over the past two years but I am now scratching the hotel from my list of NYC hotels. I know the rooms are small but the ones in the back of the hotel are quiet and the windows open into an inner court. This time there were bugs (possibly cockroaches) in the room and I couldn't regulate the heat which blasted all afternoon and evening turning the room into a sauna (not good when in the middle of a hot flash.) Convenience to Times Square and Broadway isn't enough to counter the bugs and heat (sounds like I stayed in a desert.)	
Oct 14 2005	really good hotel	After reading the reviews I was actually quite concerned about staying at this hotel, but I can honestly say it was a lovely trip, spent 5 nights here with my boyfriend and just had a lovely time, room had a large, high comfortable bed, and sofa, wardrobe was small, but I just lived out of my case anyway!The bathroom was huge with whirlpool tub and amazing shower, everything was very very clean from the goose down comforter to the fluffy new towels.hotel toiletries were excellent, smelled heavenly and very stealable :P The girl on the front desk was not the most intelligent woman in the world, if truth be known, however the other receptionist and the bell hop were very helpful, checking our bags until my late flight and were very chatty and pleasant.our view was of a brick wall, but who needs a view when you're five minutes from times square, everything was clean and well appointed, all in all a great stay and a great location.	
Sep 15 2005	Great room for the price	After reading other reviews I was very hesitant to stay at this hotel. However, I was pleased. The location could not be better. The rooms were small but they were clean and as previously stated it is NYC and you shouldn't be in your room! I was disappointed to have 2 twin beds instead of a queen or king but that's not enough to keep me from staying there again	
Sep 3 2005	We're going back!!	They only thing I can think of as a complaint would be the street noise can get a little loud. There is a hospital down the street so every once in while an ambulance would screech down the street but other then that we loved the hotel. The front desk staff was awesome (Bobby is the best!!). I had to stay an extra night and they gave me a deal. The room was very clean and the bed was comfortable (firm!). The shampoos and soaps smell yummy. It's close to everything and there is a great Italian place across the street (Maria Pias - try the crab cakes!!!). We loved this place so much that I've already booked a trip there for New Years since it's right around the corner from Times Square. I think you will enjoy this hotel if you don't expect a huge room but it's New York and you shouldn't be spending a lot of time in your room!!	
Aug 31 2005	Great value excellent location	I stayed at the Washington Jefferson and Waldorf Astoria during a recent visit to NYC, I was very impressed with both hotels, if you're looking for affordable accommodation that is in a central location the WJ is for you, the staff aren't overly friendly but they are helpful with answering questions, assisting with cab's etc.The room was comfortable and recently renovated, it was small but larger than London hotel rooms I've stayed at. The bathroom contained a great shower, the view was of surrounding rooms, there was a great directory in the room containing alot of info on New York, including the history of the local area (Hells Kitchen) We walked to Central Park, Times Square, Broadway theaters and Subway every day and night, would recommend the city sightseeing bus located nearby for daily tours, plenty of places to eat located nearby, a very quiet hotel, no traffic noise.Overall would definately stay here again	
Aug 30 2005	The WJ is Okay!	After booking the WJ through Priceline, we were a bit nervous about it after reading bad reviews here. But overall, we were quite happy with the WJ and would stay here again. The staff were courteous and let us check in early. The room was nicely decorated, the beds were comfy, the A/C was blasting and it was clean. What more do you need? With the white noise of the A/C we were very happy with the noise level. You could barely hear street noise at all and most places I've stayed in NYC have been much louder.The sink was slow to drain and there wasn't a mirror in the room - only in the bathroom. But those are very minor problems for such a low price in NYC.Our checkout was absolutely no hassle and they stored bags for us and were quick and efficient.The WJ is okay!	
Jul 27 2005	Great Location but don't expect to sleep too much!	Me and my wife took our first trip to the city that never sleeps quite literally. Our room was OK (exept there was no hot water first) and there was a horribe banging noise from the heater all night long. They gave us a new room from the upper floor but it was even smaller than the first one. But the location was great. One can walk everywhere - Times Square and Broadway shows are just couple of minutes away.	
Jun 27 2005	No A/C! No Customer Service!	My mom and I planned a trip for NY and heard about this hotel through the internet. I assumed the rooms would be small..but not this small! You could barely move. The first night it was 98 degrees and our AC was broken! I called the front desk three times and finally they brought in a working one. The customer service was horrible. We were offered no apology and when we asked about a refund or discount for the first night they were very rude and said NO!. No one helped us with our bags. They barely even spoke to us. I would not recommend this place to anyone. There are thousands of hotels in NY...leave this one off your list!	
Jun 16 2005	a shoe box!	I booked the room for my younger sister in June last year. We picked it as we were staying at the Sheraton a few blocks down the street and found a fairly good deal (airfare from Europe + hotel). The website seemed nice and the rooms quite modern. Having booked a single I was a bit worried about the size but thought it should be adequate. It was our first trip to NY and we didn't intend to spend much time in the room.What a shock when we got there! The room was the size of a cupboard. Looked neat but was tiny. Never seen anything like it. When we discovered the size of the room we realized that the deal we had was a bit of a rip off!Part of the hotel was being renovated and the noise started everyday around 8.30am.Nevertheless we had a great time and the location of the hotel is great as it is a short stroll to Times Square.Wouldn't book it again.	
May 4 2005	Great Location	I definitely had some concerns about this hotel before I arrived. So much so that I was close to finding another hotel a week before my arrival. I found the reviews below useful for setting my expectations so here are my 3 likes and 3 dislikes about this hotel.1)Great location, the subway is a hop skip and jump away. Times Square and most of the popular theatres are well within walking distance.2)Room has comfortable bed and good shower. Two essentials!3)Friendly and helpful staffOkay now for the not so great things:1)Room is quite small, not a lot of room for two adults. But, when you’re in NY you don’t expect to spend too much time in the hotel room right?2) The windows couldn’t be opened. A little fresh air would have been nice.3)No luxuries, this is a basic hotel room. No tea/coffee, no fridge, no bath, no full-length mirror.This is a good hotel if you need a basic room that is fairly inexpensive for those of us on the sterling.	
Apr 22 2005	Great location not a great hotel.	The good thing is that the hotel is very centrally located. We walked to Central Park every day, ate on restaurnat row as often as we could, and never worried about traffic. When we arrived they were doing a remodel, something the hotel failed to mention when I spoke to them to confirm my reservation. I had to call twice as both times they had not confirmed the room I asked for. We did get the correct room when we checked in. We waited in the elevator lobby for 15 mintues, amidst all the move debris, before the night manager finally recognized we would need the elevator for the 4 bags we were carrying. No offer of help was made to us. The room was swelteringly hot with no way to control that other than opening a window, one of which was not installed properly. The bathroom could barely contain the sink, commode and shower, let alone the addition of 2 peoples toiletries, etc. There was no closet, just a small armoire that did not allow for clothes to hang poperly. The room safe is also in the small armoire, so try and imagine 2 suits, 2 tuxes and various other items of dry cleaning for 2 people fitting in there. We were there for 4 days and the staff never bothered to greet either of us with the exception of check in and check out. Some other good points: the lobby was nicely appointed, the sushi place was good and again the location was perfect for a leisure trip to NY. This is definitely not a corporate/business hotel.	
Apr 9 2005 	Do Not Stay Here	To everyone who says &quot;remember this is NY&quot; and you should be prepared for a small hotel room......I don't know how you can even compare this horrible hotel to anything else. I have stayed in MANY New York hotels and this was by FAR the smallest room I have ever seen. No one helped me with my bags on my way in or out - despite the fact that there was a bellman present who simply chatted wtih the desk clerk. The room was about 100 degrees and you can't adjust the temp. If you open the window you will hear the neighbors all night long (I was lucky to have someone next door coughing until 1 a.m). The room itself was dirty - stained carpets, lampshades. The remote control didn't turn the TV on so you had to climb on top of the bed to do that or to adjust the volume. The bed was uncomfortable - super hard. I asked to move my room twice and was told i could pay $50 more for a different room. I booked through orbitz so I had pre-paid (a LOT comparatively) and I didn't have much leverage. THIS IS NOT A 3 STAR HOTEL!	
Mar 18 2005 	Cruddy hotel refused to stay	When I arrived at this hotel for a business/holiday stay with my family, I was given a room that was 90 degrees, smelled like someone threw up in it. The room was advertised as a family/double room, but if it was even 200 sq feet, I'll eat my socks. It was so small they had to mount the (tiny) TV on the ceiling. No closets. The room was not even clean. When I complained to management, they offered to put me in another room that was exactly the same. I refused that as well, went to the Hilton and booked a room on the spot. The WJ charged my card anyway, refused a refund and was generally ridiculous about the whole thing. They don't care about their guests, just their money.It's in a crummy neighborhood as well, lots of sketchy people wandering about. When I book at the Hilton, it may not be 5 star, but at least I know what to expect.This is the worst hotel I've seen in NYC, and the prices are actually more than other hotels that are better.	
Mar 7 2005 	Great location	After reading the mixed reviews on this site, I was a little nervous about booking the WJ. But, upon arrival I was delighted. Located at the edge of Hell's Kitchen (P.C. renamed &quot;Clinton&quot;), this hotel was clean and in a great location. We had EASY walks to Rockefeller Center, Times Square, and a longer, but enjoyable walk to Central Park and on to the Met. Restaurant Row (W. 46th Street) was a boon! Excellent Italian and Thai food just around the corner. Check our pre-theater price fixe menus. Coffee and bagel shops all along 8th Ave.That's the location. The public spaces of the hotel were clean and nicely furnished. Free NY Times. There IS a restaurant in the hotel now--a sushi place. There is only one elevator, but the marble steps are easily managed. We stayed on the 6th floor. The room was exactly as found in the photos--nothing more! The rooms are small, but there is space to walk around, put your bags, and not be cramped. Bed was comfortable. Not noisy (we were on the back side of the hotel), but the usual noises--street noise, some doors. The bathroom was spotless and the toiletries were very nice. Remember, this is an OLD building. Spaces are smaller than your average American hotel, but that doesn't mean it isn't nice. If you've ever been on a boat, you will appreciate the efficiency of this room! I also noticed bathrooms in the hall that I think may be there for rooms without baths or for handicap access.I would stay here again. I wouldn't pick this hotel if I were staying for a week, just for a weekend or so. The smallness might start to wear on you. Our price was much less than other hotels nearby and I can't think of anything we lacked because of it.Try the WJ!	
Feb 3 2005	Not all that bad!	Room was small but staff were very friendly. Great location would stay there again!	
Dec 20 2004	Pleased with the WJ	I was a little worried too after reading all the negative reviews, but when I finally got to the room my worries were gone. Yes, the room was small but we could fit 2 suitcases in without falling over them and we did do alot of shopping so that meant that we had a lot of bags, but still we had room to store them. The beds were comfy and I slept everynight really well, with the window open a little. The bathroom was nice and clean, and I found the inhouse movie service great, perfect for when your resting your feet! I would recommend this hotel to others. People have to remember, this is New York, a city that never sleeps! As long as your hotel is clean and comfy, which I found this one to be, then you shouldn't have to worry about the rest. There are plenty of restaurants close to the hotel so it's not like your going to starve because there's no restaurant in the hotel, you can also order room service. I would go back to this hotel in the future, it's clean and comfortable and it has a great location.	
Dec 19 2004	The WJ was FANTASTIC! Highly Recommend!	I was a little worried after reading some of the reviews, but I have no compliants about the WJ! The staff was fantastic, the location was perfect, and the price was right. The room is small, but not unbearable. Clean bathroom. The staff is extremely friendly, always willing to help. Within walking distance from Central Park, Times Square, Macy's, and the Empire State Building. If you are looking for a clean hotel, I highly recommend the WJ.	
Dec 18 2004	A Nightmare	A hotel ? A hoStel would be a much more appropriate name - no restaurant, no bar, no gift shop, not even a shoe shine buffer.Room #1: Found a pair of used socks under the bed. The 'wardrobe' as outlined on hoteldiscounts was, in actual fact three coat hangers on the back of the bathroom door.Room #2: Identical to room #1 (minus the socks) - try again.Room #3: This was in the old part of the hotel - this was actually a really nice room, but at 11PM I was awoken by periodic loud noises from the ventilation system (resident ghost ? I wouldn't be surprised) - time to move againRoom #4: This must have previously been the wardrobe for the adjoining room at one stage - I'm not joking; I've stayed in Hotels with bigger bathrooms. Like the set of a 'B' movie, the walls moved every time a door was closed.If I hadn't paid in full up front, I'd have checked out after the first night and made my way the Metropolitan Hotel. Still, it was a fantastic trip - I just won't be staying there ever again.	
Dec 6 2004	living hell at the WJ hotel	Don't make the mistake of staying at the WJ hotel on W.51st . The rooms were tiny, the noise terrible, the ventiliation non-existent and the staff rude. To make matters worse, there aren't even any ice machines, coffee machines or drink machines anywhere in the place. There is no room service (contrary to the info I was given)and hotels.com was not the least bit bothered by any of the misleading info they posted. Do yourself a favor and go elsewhere or don't go at all.	
Oct 31 2004	very disappointed	We have just returned from our 2nd trip to New York, and having left it very late to book were limited to our hotel choice. After reading the reviews I prepared myself for the worst, and unfortunately this is what we experienced. Positives - A good location, but there are loads more hotels in the vicinity. Staff were friendly, but as there were no facilities we weren't quite sure what they did apart from check-in. Clean sheets and towels every day. Clean (tiny) Bathroom, comfortable bed.Negatives -The hotel rate was far too expensive for the non-existent facilities and poor standard of accomodation. It felt more like a hostel than a hotel.The decor was dingy and depressing. The lobby looks really nice, but step into the communal hallways and you feel like you are in a negelected public building. Drab walls and carpeting were made worse by the musty smell. The room smelled of vomit which kept us out most of the time- we wanted to spend as little time in the hotel as possible.	
Oct 19 2004	Tiniest Room I have ever stay in!	The web deal room is way too small. And there is no room for clothes or other items. The bathroom is almost unusable.	
Oct 19 2004	Great location-Good value for the money outstanding staff	Although the room was small and there was only one tiny elevator, this hotel was more than adequate. If you are interesed in theatre, this location was fabulous. It was also close to the subway and Central Park. There were many good restaurants nearby and safety was never an issue. What made this hotel so great was the outstanding staff. They were helpful, friendly and more willing to make our stay as enjoyable as possible. We would not hesitate to stay there again.	
Oct 16 2004	WJ okay but could have been better	I was a little disappointed with the WJ. The location is great and the rooms comfortable but during our stay the restaurant was being renovated so there was nowhere in the hotel to even get a cup of coffee.One day we came back from sightseeing at 5.00pm to find our room had not been serviced. I have never experienced that in many years of staying in hotels. When we asked the staff to follow up - there was no apology. The staff were not the friendliest hotel staff I have ever met. It was okay but as it was not cheap I expected the basics to be better.	
Sep 26 2004	Nice place we enjoyed our stay	I felt I had to write a review since the last 3 posted were so negative. I thought the WJ was a nice, clean place and a great value. 3 positives: very safe as there was a security guard at the door every night; staff was very pleasant to us (the concierge walked a block down the street just to hail a cab for us!); updated rooms.Also, the location was ideal. Only a few blocks from Times Square, theaters, Restaurant Row, subway station.Yes, the room was very small but I expect that for older hotels in large cities. All in all, unless you want to pay $300+/night for a hotel room in NYC, then something has to be sacrificied. The sacrifice here is a small hotel (lobby was also tiny and had no restaurant) with small rooms. However, we were only a block or two from all of NYC's amenities. I'd definitely stay here again and recommend this place to others.	
Sep 24 2004	No problems here!	This was my first trip to NYC so I can't really compare the WJ to other hotels here. From reading the previous reviews, I was expecting the worst. However, if you are prepared for a very small room and you are not too picky, this turned out to be a good place to stay. It was very close to many attractions (ie Times Square) and also very close to the subway.The room was very clean and smelled good. The staff were quite friendly. Overall, I think that NYC has so much to offer in terms of entertainment that you never really stay in your hotel room except to sleep. (Mind you, I came to NYC alone .. if you have nocturnal or even diurnal activities planned with someone else, then these hotel rooms may not give you the freedom to &quot;play&quot; ;) )	
Aug 26 2004	Terrible Disappointment	The room was NOT as represented on their web site. Staff is very uncoperative. I will never recommend this hotel.	
Aug 25 2004	Bad News!	The room was definitely not as advertised. When we asked to move to another room, we were advised that it would cost an additional $50.00 per night for a similar room. The staff was incredibly rude.	
Aug 25 2004	DON'T EVEN CONSIDER IT	NOT as represented; horrible rooms; extremely rude staff; unsafe environment; don't even consider staying here!!!	
Jul 21 2004	Postage Stamp Size!	The room had just enough space for my body, my suitcase and my carry on. No closets, no dresser drawers, no extras. Bathroom was small compared to other hotels, but large compared to your room size. Room consisted of a twin bed, TV mounted on ceiling to save space, a small table, a very thin floor lamp, and wastebasket (which had to be put under the table because I needed room for luggage). If you're claustrophobic, don't stay here.	
Jun 28 2004	Latest on the Washington Jefferson	I had read several reviews about this hotel and they were all over the board. If you don't mind VERYsmall bedrooms (reasonable sized bathroom), then you'll enjoy this hotel. Construction work limited use of the elevator. Price was reasonable and the location was OK although not ideal.There's very little room to place your luggage. The staff is courteous but not overly helpful.	
Jun 4 2004	If u know what u are getting into it is OK	I have stayed here maybe 5 times, and have visted friends and relatives here another 5 times, so i have seen many rooms over the last 2-3 years. The room decorations are nice - i think lots of hotels in the city that are renovating are doing the same (old building, modern stylings - 'W' style - see the Moderne, Ameritania, On the Avenue etc.). Yes the staircases, and the back half of the hotel aren't great (though even the back is looking better on my recent visit). The rooms ARE small. I have been in their single room a few times and you can touch both sides of the walls when lying on the bed. You generally need to move something else to put something down. It is like a cruise ship, and overlooks an airshaft. Location is great - only a block away from my office and close to everything. This is NOT a hotel to spend alot of time in lounging. It is a reasonable room with a great location, and clean decor. There are a few lemon rooms left, and the staff isn't the most accommodating either. Those are my biggest gripes. 	
May 16 2004	Good value for money	Yes the room I had was very small, with maybe a metre around the side of the bed and two at the foot, but the bathroom was great, the bed was comfortable and everything was really clean. The rooms at the back were being refurbished while I was there (April 04) and I heard people complaining about that area, but if you can get a room at the front (with numbers ending *32-*37 on every floor) then I think it's well worth it. 5 mins from Times Sq, a subway station on the next corner, and a great Italian restaurant just across the street. Not bad at all for the money. 	
May 12 2004	Very Pleased at the Washington Jefferson	Fear came over me after reading the reviews, as I questioned if I had done the right thing booking a room at the Washington Jefferson for the weekend of April 17th, 2004. From my research on the internet the price seemed so fair and reasonable. And the location, a dream. There had to be a catch.Yes my room was small and thanks to the reviews I learned to brace myself for that. If you plan to spend your entire vacation in your room, things might get a bit clausterphobic. And the elevator is small and very slow. I did not come to New York to be impressed by an elevator. I stayed in a single room on the top 6th floor, and I could have waited for the elevator, but I did not mind taking the stairs (really!). I had a solid restful sleep and loved the white down comforter. I appreciated the modern french decor of my room and for being so small it was packed with helpful items such as a room safe (which I admit I thought was a microwave at first), iron and ironing board, radio, t.v.; and little things like a fresh rose on the desk table. For my own personal tastes I will say I missed having a full length mirror. The maid was very cordial and the doormen very kind. The whole experience reminded me of some or the hotels I have stayed at in Europe. And yes by the way, I did feel safe.This is not a recreational Disneyland hotel (Disneyland happens when you step outside the hotel), but it is rather a very functional one. I just hope they don't get wise and raise their prices. I plan to be staying there again.	
May 2 2004	Great location + nice rooms for the price	We stayed at the WJ in June '03. We made our booking online, so were very surprised to find the room much tinier than expected from photos. But we've travelled some and have stayed in enough postage-stamp size rooms in cities like London, Bombay, San Francisco etc to where we're quite willing to trade the size of the room for a great location + reasonable price, which this hotel certainly has. Also, the room was clean, comfy, fabulous bed &amp; linens, decorated quite to our taste. The tiny bathroom was fine too, mostly due to the stand-up shower. I would say our stay went off without a hitch - no problems with our reservations, rates quoted and charged, or the staff, who were courteous and professional. I know we'll be going back there someday.	
Mar 24 2004	Loved the WJ	I have to admit when I read the reviews of the hotel, I was petrified to stay there. I was pleasantly surprised when it wasn't at all what I pictured in my mind. Yes, the rooms are small, but what room isn't in New York? The room was clean, the bed was extremely comfortable, and the shower was fantastic!!! The staff was friendly and helpful. You won't get any better location!!! I will definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Mar 10 2004	Great hotel great location	Plesant lobby area, very helpful and accomodating staff, nothing was too much trouble. The hotel room was small and didn't have a wardrobe but that didn't exactly ruin the holiday, there was an iron &amp; ironing board so you didn't have to look scruffy. Ensuite shower room was lovely, small, but it had a large shower cubicle. The location of the hotel was brilliant, excellent restaurants and bar in the same street close by. The only thing i would have liked to have seen was tea/coffee making facilities in the room. The hallway to get to our room did smell a bit musty but when room door shut it was fine. All windows in NYC seem to be dangerous be careful when you open them!	
Feb 10 2004	Same old WJ	After discovering this useful site while looking for hotels in NYC, I was curious to see what people had to say about the WJ. We stayed there 4 years ago, on a &quot;renovation deal.&quot; I assumed by the passage of time and the higher prices that the place would have totally changed. Apparently not! The funniest (in retrospect) part of our stay was when I was sick in bed and the front desk phoned to ask if it would be okay if some people came up to look at the room. I explained that I was sick and the staff person graciously said, No problem! Sure enough, a few minutes later there was a knock on the door and a couple of suits squeezed into the room to look at the configuration and discuss renovation, while I huddled in my bathrobe. Sounds like the same attitude still prevails.	
Feb 10 2004	Just Adequate	The hotel was in a great location for Broadway, Times Square, Tourist Information, places to eat etc. The hotel reception was nice - pretty much as it is in photos if perhaps a little smaller than expected. However the staircase and elevator to rooms were far less plush and could certainly do with some redecoration. The hallways were also in real need of redecoration. The rooms were very small and could also have done with a lick of paint and new carpets. No views from the windows. Rooms were very warm but the heating system was old and radiators hard to adjust. Shower room was fine - marble finish and clean. Maid service was good - towels replaced every day and wastepaper bins emptied every day. Staff on the front desk were pleasant if a little cool on occasion. The hotel is a suitable place to base yourself if planning a short visit - to do some shopping and see a Broadway Show - but I would prefer something a little more up-market for a longer stay. The hotel reception is more plush by far than the rest of hotel - rooms and corridors. Impressed by free flight check facility on TV in rooms - allowing you to check the time of your flight on departure.	
Jan 11 2004	make your own mind up!	My partner and I stayed here in Dec 2002. The hotel is in a good location although the street does look rather dodgy! The staff were friendly enough, what you might expect from this class of accomodation. Yes, our room was small but nicely kitted out. If you are going to NYC for a shopping trip like we were, there isnt enough space for all the bags. I think if we had shopped about abit more we could have got more for our money at another hotel.	
Dec 22 2003	Tricked by Washington Jefferson	The washigton jefferson hotel is horrible. My wife and I had booked a room back in July 03, and also paid for it July, booking #14515824, we went to check in on 12/13/03, and were told the pipes broke in our room. I asked the manager if I could see the room as I did not believe him. He said I could not see the room. What they did was booked our room to someone else for Fri and Sat night not just our Sat night. My wife is on Chemo and has not been out for over a year, we had been looking forward to this trip. What a way to make her feel even wrost. These people that run this hotel are all about making money, and don't care about the guest. Please don't stay there, they may do this to you.	
Dec 5 2003	VERY SMALL ROOM! my room smelled like puke	I stayed as one person in the WJ. I had a single bed and the room was so hot and smelled like someone threw up on the floor. It's in a good location though so it's fine if you won't be staying there long. My room was so small and very hot and I coudn't control the heat. The sink is tiny.	
Nov 14 2003	Smallest room I've ever seen!	I've stayed in some small hotel rooms but this one is in a league of its own! Hotel is well decorated, clean and wonderfully located, but the room was so small as to be comical. We're talkin' tiny. You can do better for the price.	
Nov 11 2003	The hotel from hell	Only a prison cell (and my room came close) has smaller accommodations. Examples: SO SMALL that the tiny TV hangs from the ceiling. SO SMALL that there is no place even for a night stand (never mind a closet, or chest of drawers.) I left clothes on the bed or on the door hook. And no chairs and no table. All that the room had was an uncomfortable and very narrow bed - nothing else. SO SMALL that that the &quot;bath&quot; (there's no tub, of course) was only 6X8ft. The &quot;room&quot;, really cell, was only slightly larger at 8X12'. By golly, that is the size of a prison cell, so I was close in the initial summary. The owners greatly mis-represent beds by referring to a very very tiny single bed as a &quot;double.&quot; Thinking that the place must have been a flophouse at one time, and in fairness about half the house had been renovated as of May 2003, I inspected the UN-renovated half, and, indeed it IS a flophouse, or has all the appearances of one. How about floors with linoleum, scarred and pitted wooden doors, and one bath on each floor in the unrenovated part. Also, odd loking people walking about at times. The cheap prices don't merit the torture and humiliation of being confined in this house of horrors in the city that never sleeps.	
Nov 9 2003	Nice staff nice lobby but wait until you get upstairs!	The staff was nice. The lobby was lovely. That's about all I can say for the WJ.I was quoted one price, and charged a higher one.They put me on the unrenovated side of the hotel -- roughly translated &quot;The side that's still tenement&quot;.Community bathrooms for the permanent residents, awful odors, writing on the walls.The room itself was TINY -- and didn't smell all that great from the other rooms on the floor.I don't recommend it unless you just need a place to crash for a few hours, because the location is fabulous.	
Aug 28 2003	Loved The WJ Hotel!	Our first time to NY and we loved the Washington Jefferson Hotel. It was a great location, right in the heart of everything. The staff was very helpful and friendly and even though the rooms are small (like all NY hotels!) it was very comfortable and modern and had everything you could ever need. The bed was great with a down comforter! It is also located right next to a GREAT Irish Pub (B&amp;B Doyles) that is perfect for the beginning or ending of your evening! We would definitely stay there again!	
Aug 26 2003	Don't judge the book by its cover the main phrase here.	&quot;Don't judge the book but its cover&quot;, the main focus of this review.When looking at the hotel outside and lobby you right away think it seems like a good place to stay. WRONG. The hotel may have a fancy looking outside, a stylish lobby and a nice website, but the rooms are small and poorly designed.My room was on the 2nd floor. Getting off the elevator (which looks like it was from 30 years ago, with a wooden door after the main metal door) you can turn to the left or right. On the right you see a nicer looking hallway with nice red carpet and doors. If you turn to the left (where my room was) you see a cheap looking hallway with old doors, 2 shared washrooms and maybe 4 or 5 regular hotel doors. (The ugly wooden ones are for the people who live in the building as permanent residents).Going into my room I saw 2 twin beds which had maybe 1 foot between them, maybe even less. A small cramped work desk with nice looking hotel branded papers and a pen (no chair though) and a little armour with a safe and some hangers. No drawers for clothes. The room was the smallest I ever saw. The view from my room was terrible, I looked out to window to see a dirty dindgy building.One of the beds was positioned up against the wall right near the air conditioner. Of course, I had to open the blinds to get the cool air to enter (it's an in-window air conditioner unit) and the air blew across my bed, making it dificult to sleep after waking up at 3am.The next morning I took my stuff and checked into the Novotel on West 52nd street where my friend was going to be staying. I had a great time at the Novotel and will never be returning to th WJ again.The only thing this hotel is good for is for people wanting to stay 1 night, have a little nap and leave. If you want a good hotel around that location, stay at the Novotel on West 52nd or the Sheraton around that area.As I returned to the hotel the first and last night I stayed there, I saw the crew of El Al (Israel Airlines) loading their baggage into a van. Maybe they didn't like it too! Pretty lousy place for a great airline crew of El Al to stay!	
Aug 26 2003	had a great time will definitely go back	spent 3 nights (fri/sat/sun) at the wj this past weekend and quite enjoyed the stay. i stayed in 680 (twin room) at a rate of $99 a night and for that money it was well worth it. the room was spotless, the bathroom was equipped with modern fixtures and stand-up shower which I actually preferred, rather than a tub with curtain that always gets in the way (who takes a bath at a hotel anyway?).the reception staff was helpful and polite, but chad the doorman definitely surpassed my doorman expectations. he was very helpful and friendly and was always ready to give me advice and directions every time i left the hotel, and wish me well on my way. thanks chad, you're the best!back to the room - yes it was tiny, but being only 5&quot;2, a big room would just be a waste anyway. truth be known, i didnt spend much time in there anyway - its new york city! the bed was very comfortable with a goosedown duvet, the furniture and deco was tasteful and the air conditioner worked properly (although it got a bit noisy at night). the view wasn't anything great (the room looked onto the adjoining building) although i did happen to get a nice good look at an attractive young man getting out of the shower.anyway, i would give this hotel an overall rating of 4/5, partly due to the fact that I could never seem to reach housekeeping, and they didnt have any bottle openers available to me. luckily the bathroom doorjamb opened my corona bottles just fine.i will definitely be staying there next time i am back in nyc.	
Aug 24 2003	Surprisingly pleased	 I booked the wj hotel sight unseen. In fact..I had never been to new york before. I was a little sceptical of the area from things that I have heard. I cannot begin to tell you how pleased I was. the area is everything that you imagine New York to be. We were right in the center of the theater district, walking distance to central park, time square, and many other sights. We arrived during the first real cold spell of the winter. The room, although very small, was very comfortable. The down comforter was worth the stay alone! The staff was very friendly and helpful. When I return to New York, I will definately stay at the WJ. 	
Jun 23 2003	How Small Was it?		
Jun 6 2003	Nice Hotel Good location		
Feb 19 2003	Watch out for cheap internet prices		
Feb 16 2003	Not Impressed		
Jan 3 2003	Good Bargain		
Jan 2 2003	Don't Expect Too Much		
Dec 16 2002	'Guaranteed' reservation is a no-show!!		
Nov 14 2002	The Price is Right!		
Oct 16 2002	Loved the WJ!		
Sep 4 2002	Great Hotel!		
Sep 13 2009 	Catastrophique		
Apr 29 2009 	posizione strategica		
Apr 18 2009 	Pratique et sympa		
Mar 19 2009	Muy Recomendable Washington Jefferson!!!		
Feb 24 2009 	posizione ottima peccato il termosifone		
Feb 15 2009 	Hotel war sehr in Ordnung		
Feb 15 2009 	?????		
Feb 11 2009 	A recommander sans PB : excellent rapport qualité/prix		
Jan 15 2009 	bien situé		
Sep 15 2008 	hotel a totalement deconseiller		
Sep 9 2008 	sistemazione economica in ottima posizione		
Jul 24 2008 	Comodo pulito e a 2 passi da Times Square		
Mar 27 2008	E il wireless?		
Feb 11 2008 	Meglio di no		
Jan 13 2008 	Le meilleur de Hell's Kitchen		
Aug 2 2007 	cher et pas extra		
May 21 2007 	Parfait!		
Aug 18 2006	Très bien situé...		
