	great value for money hotel	£95 a night for two people great value hotel. we got hot breakfast included in the price.great locaton 10 mins walk from Macy's and empire state building and just 1 block from subway . newish hotel so bathroom etc nice and clean, modern rooms wiht flat screen tv. I was on 19th floor so had fab views of the city skyline.would recomend this hotel to all age groups , clean, modern and great value for money.	
	Great hotel in a great location at a great price!	My girlfriend and I, and another couple stayed here during our last trip to NYC. We decided on the Hampton Inn Chelsea due to the good reviews we saw on it.The hotel is clean, which is the first thing that's important to me. It's also in a quiet location and about a block away from the subway. All in all it's a very convenient location whether you're walking or taking public transit.And the price is great too!I would definitely stay here again on another trip to NYC.	
Nov 20 2009 	Pleasantly surprised	Before the fall of Wall Street (and with it our account balance) we used to stay at the Surrey Hotel , Upper East Side. So we looked and looked until we settled on the Hampton Inn-Chelsea. I remembered seeing the hotel when we did a Homeexchange a block away.I must say we were pleasantly surprised. Modernish and simple lobby, cheerful and most helpful staff (not just one person, but everyone we encountered). We held our breath hoping the room would measure up. First off, we asked for a quiet room (the end of the hall). And while the room was on the smaller side (welcome to NY) it was very clean and accommodating. Nice firm king bed, desk with comfy chair and flat TV. Black out curtains that really work and double paned windows to keep the incessant horns &amp; sirens at bay. We checked in late (flying from LA) so we didnt get a high enough room with a great view, but on the 9th floor we did have a view over the roof and onto the next street. The bathroom was modern and clean and the maid service was very good. Only 3 problems, there is no light in the closet, and with minimal lightng i the room its a challenge to see on a cloudy day. Other problem there is no safe, I guess Ive been spoiled, but I just dont feel right leaving my stuff semi hidden ihn my luggage. I was concerned about my medicines, but no sticky fingers.The last problem is there is a slight gap under the door to the room so that when someone is talking in the hall, it sounds like its in yur room. Or worse, hearing the slamming of soneone else's door. and while I didnt hear anyone thru the walls, I did feel it shake in a rhythm that made it obvious what was going on. These were not major problems and we would stay again. This hotel is in a great location. ONe block to the subway or you can walk to Greenwich Village, Soho, East Village, and all the aglleries in Chelsea. On the weekends there is the famous &quot;garage&quot; flea market directly acrossd the street. Just fall out of bed and go shopping.Another great feature is free breakfast buffet. OK, its not the Four Seasons, but theres hot food, pastries, bagels, cereal, juice, fruit, coffe, enough to get you properly started in the am.I nolticed there were a lot of Europeans staying here. You can hear many languages. The &quot;gym&quot; is 1 bike and 2 treadmills (1 doesnt work) and a stair climber with flatscreen tv. Theres a small laundromat as well.All in all a great vakue in a great location. I'd come again and try to get a higher room. Ask for a room at the end of the hall, it quiter.	
Nov 20 2009 	Good Choice - great location to be near all the gay bars and restaurant	The hotel is in a perfect location, as it is convenient to many train and bus lines. The hotel is very clean and the staff very friendly. It's the perfect hotel if you are looking to be in the heart of gay New York as well. Many gay bars and restaurants are very nearby...like Splash, The Gym Bar, etc.	
Nov 11 2009 	Best value in Manhatten? It may well be.	This is a Hampton Inn and that is not a criticism but it has the outstanding advantage of being cheap (by Manhatten standards) but very well located. W24 Street is not attractive by day or night but it is very well located for bus and metro. The standard room is of a reasonable size for a city famous for calling a closet a bedroom and the inclusive breakfast was the standard Hampton Inn fare but a brief walk into the area produced a really good diner if you wanted to &quot;pig-out&quot; in true American fashion. We spent three nights here and found no problem at all in getting around Manhatten and over to Brooklyn. A tip - use the yellow taxis from JFK but get the cabbie to go via Brooklyn Bridge if you arrive at night. It won't cost much extra (if anything) on the otherwise fixed fare and it is a fabulous approach to a fabulous city.	
Nov 9 2009 	Great Location!	We stayed for 13 nights on the 19th floor. The room was small, but clean &amp; quite. The staff were lovely, helpful &amp; friendly. The breakfast is very basic however, and we have to say how SHOCKED we were to see all the cups, bowls, plates were made out of POLYSTYRENE! Not only did it make us feel like 6 years olds at a birthday party but if this is the norm for all the 30+ Hampton Inn's in Manhattan, the thought of the daily accumulation of waste is scary, and for sure not doing New York, City, the enviroment &amp; the future of EARTH any favour! PLEASE get rid of them! Would it not be more cost effective to purchase plates, cutlery and a commercial dishwasher?We will stay there again if the foam cups are gone! :) We are torn about recommending the hotel because of this, so at this point we will not! Thanks &amp; cheers,Hodi Poorsoltan and Michael Hooker from New Zealand	
Nov 9 2009 	Thanks Tripadvisor	Spent this past weekend there and would have been pleasantly surprised had we not been following the hotel on Tripadvisor. The guest rooms are small but that is the New York City normal. The room was clean, well taken care of. We rarely spend much time in our room so fthe size is not nearly as important as is the cleanliness, the hotel ambiance, the friendliness of the staff and the little things that make a difference.The staff at check in (Dorian?) and check out was polite and friendly without it seeming forced or a company edict. The gentleman who took care of the morning breakfast was also pleasant, attentive and helpful. During our stay we also had cause to come into contact with the night front desk clerk who resolved our problem before we could complete our request. We also received unsolicited help from a hotel engineer who happened to be passing by while we were trying to access beverages in the kitchen area. The hotel has a reputation for being friendly and helpful, in our stay they lived up to that.The hotel is 8 blocks from Penn Station and Madison Square Garden. We took the train in to the city and it was an easy walk with our luggage from the train to the hotel. We were there for the Bruce Springsteen concerts and it was an easy and pleasant walk both nights from the hotel to the concert. We do walk a lot in the city but the hotel to Penn Station/MSG would not appear too long for most folks.The hotel is in a good location to head either uptown or downtown. On Friday we walked up to the Metropolitan Museumof Art up by Central Park and on Saturday we walked down to Battery Park. Long walks no doubt but the hotel location gave us a chance to do either.On the weekends across from the hotel is a flea market in an old parking garage. Although we found nothing of interest on this trip it occassionally yields some finds.The street itself is not glamorous but it is safe. There are a lot of business on the street that are just store fronts and are not open into the evening. The street can look quite deserted. In accessing the hotel we usually come down 6th street and then make the right onto 24th. The hotel is closer to 6th then it is 7th. The fitness facility was a typical small out of the way room. The equipment consisted on a treadmill and two stationary bikes. They were all operational and working properly. The room was clean and had a flat screen TV on the wall.All in all we enjoyed the facility and the staff was good. We found this hotel basically on checking the reviews here at tripadvisor and its reviews did the place justice.	
Nov 5 2009 	would stay again	I liked the close proximity to 4 subway lines and Penn Station. 3/4 mile walk to Times Square. Tons of inexpensive eateries very close by. Nice and clean, smoking rooms on top (20th) floor, which are getting hard to find, so well appreciated. Good breakfast, hot and cold choices, fresh fruit too. Quiet. Laundry room on site. Good service. King room was decent sized, plenty of closet and drawer space; big TV.	
Oct 19 2009 	Typical Hampton Inn Experience	As long as you know what to expect this hotel is fine to have a place to sleep while you are visiting NYC. Rooms are tight in two senses:1 Interior design of rooms has all fixtures tightly placed.2 In the hall several of the rooms have their door practically touching and as a result if you happen to have people next door who enter and exit frequently you will hear it each time they do. Breakfast is standard Hampton Inn, just like every one of the 100's across the US.We had limited contact with Front Desk but they seemed friendly and helpful. From the hotel you have easy access to several subway and bus lines. And the areas of Chelsea and Grammercy Park are close by. I wouldn't describe Times Sq as within walking distance, unless you consider 1 mile walking distance. So, in summary, it is in no way plush, but is a decent choice for basic lodging in NYC	
Oct 14 2009 	excellent choice in the middle of manhattan	A pretty new (and newly renovated) hotel of the Hampton chain, this is a small gem in the middle of manhattan. In walking distance to times square, flatiron building, greenwich village and lower eastside. Modern interior design, everything was clean and looked new. You could even open the windows...Rooms are small (but of course we're talking about New York so that's OK), the breakfast room was a bit crowded and only open until nine on weekdays. Two internet terminals are located in the lobby and wireless lan access is provided. A cellar contains a fitness room and a guest coin laundry.	
Oct 8 2009 	Clean and pleasant stay at a good location	Travelled with wife, 7 month old infant and in-laws. Overall our experience was good. The room was clean and tidy, a little small but that is to be expected in Manhattan, I guess.The staff was extremely friendly, courteous and accommodating, they stored our baggage for free, few hours before the check-in time. It was convenient for us to leave the baggage there and go sight seeing. The free hot breakfast was good, all the goodies were there. Even though it was busy at breakfast, all food buffets were getting topped up constantly.Used the free PC for printing tickets, it worked fine too.	
Sep 27 2009 	Needs a Facelift	Stayed here over four years ago and hotel was fresh and bright. Unfortunately, the hotel hasn't been refreshed in quite a while and is beginning to show its age. Elevators are looking beat up as are the hallways and room furnishings. Breakfast was tasty although the breakfast service is seriously understaffed. The nice young lady tried her best to keep up with replenishing the eggs, juice, coffee etc. but it was just too much for one person to do. As a result, there were times when certain breakfast items were missing. Overall this hotel is fine and the staff are competent but it could certainly use a sprucing up. If you like beige and beige and beige, you'll find this place soothing. But if a little color were added to the wallpaper, paint and furnishings, the place would be much more appealing. If you get a good deal or using points, this hotel will do the trick. Otherwise, I would stay elsewhere.	
Sep 18 2009 	My Go-To Lodging in NYC	After all these years, why hadn't I reviewed my NYC crib before now? Have I been selfish of sharing the place where I usually stay in NYC for my business travel? Forgive me for hiding Hampton Chelsea in my silo. I've been staying there practically since it opened, and for good reason: best lodging for the price in the most accessible neighborhood in New York City. It helps that most of my NYC clients are nearby, but given good proximity to the subway you could have a client in Far Rockaway or Staten Island or Hoboken and still stay here.The excellence is in consistent adherence to Hampton standard, even in a crazy/pricey Manhattan environment. Sure, rooms are smaller here (Tip: If you're solo get a queen bed room, you'll appreciate the extra space) but they are cleaned thoroughly, you will get the Hampton amenities (especially in the bathroom) and the free brekkie is up to Hampton standard (unless you all come down at once and the attendant is overwhelmed, it sometimes happens, understandable). HHonors has unfailingly given me a high-floor smoking room, with great views on either side. Jeez, check-in is so easy I'm practically looked at and handed the key card.I would think of staying nowhere else in Chelsea, for business or otherwise. BTW on a leisure trip I really enjoy this part of NYC for good chowish restos, nice cocktail spots (especially Rainbow Lounge) and a more humanly-scaled ambiance than other places in Manhattan. Please consider staying there, but don't all go there at once...keep a room for me!	
Sep 17 2009 	Great hotel - good location	We stayed at the Hampton Inn for 7 nights during our visit to NY. It was a nice experience, the staff was very helpful and the location was excellent. It was easy to get around: good starting point for a taxi ride whereever you were going in the city and there are several subway stops around. The room was nice and spacious (for NY as the rooms normally are very small). We were three people sharing, had an extra bed put in and that was no problem. The breakfast was ok, and included in the price. Overall a very good hotel, and will def recommend it. Will stay here again next time I am in NY!	
Sep 16 2009 	Fantastic hotel. Don't miss it!	This hotel is excellent. The rooms are lovely and clean and the service excellent. We loved it, after doubting the surroundings a little but were soon enthralled by the place. Free breakfast, coffee, tea and internet access 24/7. The staff are helpful and the location better than you think. If you go to NY then stay here. You won't regret it.On the opposite side of the road is a seedy lookng flea market. But go in and you'll spend hours amongst some of the greatest characters in New York. We felt safer over there than we do walking the streets in the UK, so enjoy their hospitality (even if they can't make a decent cup of tea!) and book a room.	
Sep 8 2009	Awesome Stay!	Hampton Inn Manhattan Chelsea was GREAT! Location was perfect to everything! The free breakfast was a huge bonus! Also, our room was on the 3rd floor...very spacious rooms (we had 2 queen beds...one for myself and one for my niece) with clean bathroom and adequate room for our bags...we stayed for 4 days 3 nights! Originally, I asked for a cityview, but being on the 3rd floor (early check-in no problem) was good enough especially since there are only 2 elevators, you won't have to stop as often, plus the cityview can't be that great with other taller buildings around. The staff was super friendly...I even forgot hairspray and toothbrush, but they had even those extra amenities available complimentary! Subway stations were just around the corner...lots ot restaurants, delis, and convenience stores nearby...walking distance to plenty of tourist venues. This was my first visit...definitely not my last...will very much stay at this location again! LOVE NYC! Just be positive and know you're gonna have to walk! :)	
Aug 26 2009 	Perfect everytime!	I just returned from my 5th stay in 2 years (and a 6th one will be added in December) and I have decided to put in a new review. I am coming from Holland and travelling to the US is allways a perfect getaway. Having a nice play to stay for a good price is also contributing to that experience. The check-in: very quick, i had prepaid the room and was given the electronic keys and my free wifi code. Staff vey friendly and helpfull (esp Dion Howell)The room: the pictures from other travelers show in most detail how the rooms look like. It is clean, nice beds with a choice of pillows. Mind you, I am a neat/clean freak and can't stand dirty rooms.There is no minibar or inroomsafe. Airconditioning, heating unit and coffeemaker is also present. If you are with 2 in a room with king bed you will have plenty of space. With 4 in a 2 queen room might be a bit tight. Also new now is the fact that they upgraded all tv's to flatscreens (was not present in december 2008 in my room) and now they have more cable channels and some in HD as well.The breakfast: standard Hampton hot meal breakfast with eggs, meats and wafels. But also muffin, cereals, fresh fruits etc. They also have special bags for take-away breakfast. Because a lot of US hotels do not have breakfast this is a nice bonus.The surroundings: best location for subway because all lines stop at 23 street (the hotel is at 24). You are always 5min away from the line you need. Good restaurants in walking distances and a lot of popular attractions (times square, soho, herald square, empire state) are in walking distance. I saw some complaints from other reviewers about the area being a bit dark and sketchy. Yes, after dark it is not the most appealing area but still very safe there are allways people walking. The hotel is at the beginning of the street from 6th avenue which is allways well lit. also for convenience there is a Wholefoods market down the street and another supermarket at the other end, good deli's, plenty of drugstores/pharmacys and off course 2 Starbucks.As you can see I am very positive. I do have some negativ points but these won't prevent me from not staying here:- sometimes there is a long wait for the 2 elevators.- no inroomsafe and minibar- icemachines often don't work- not that many complimentary pc's. I notice 2 is not enough.All and all a highly recommed place! i have stayed in other NY hotels as wel and in this pricerange /class it is a gem.	
Aug 22 2009 	Loved it.	The Hampton Inn Chelsea is in a great location. It's within walking district to Times Square, Soho, and Flatiron Districts. Everywhere else you can get to on the subway, which is just a block away. The rooms were spacious for NYC and very clean. There is a coin operated laundry so you can do your washing there and free internet. If you don't have a laptop you can use 2 free terminals in the foyer. Breakfast is free every day and the staff was very friendly. I'd recommend this place for sure.	
Aug 19 2009 	Hotel Fine. Location? Not so fine.	I don't want this to be an unfair review so please read in its entirety. The hotel itself was good. I had a NS room with a king. Room was fine, small but that's typical of NYC rooms. Bed was very comfortable and the entire room was very clean. There was free hi-speed internet in the room which was helpful. Furnishings were new and very nice. There was a large flat screen TV in the room that was a nice touch. They offered a free breakfast each morning that was great. A variety of cereals, fruit, danish, bagels, eggs, waffles and breakfast meats were available each morning and the eating area was clean and big enough to accomodate lots of guests. Now to my main concern - the location. The hotel is in Chelsea and I really liked Chelsea. It's a nice change from the hustle and bustle of the Times Square part of the city but really only a 15 block walk from those sites. The hotel is on a pretty dark street between 6th and 7th Avenues. It's pretty much the only thing there with the exception of an antique store and some sort of garage which is right across the street (and the not so appearling view from my room window). One morning, I had to leave pretty early to get to my appointment and found to my horror, 3 rats playing in the trash across the street, darting in and out of this garage. I've stayed in NYC 3 or 4 times and have never seen this although we all know they are there. The location of this hotel is just unfortunate. If you don't mind that sort of thing, by all means stay here. However, if you suffer from the same rat/mice phobia as I do, you will probably want to stay in a much more brighter hotel on a more populated street.	
Aug 14 2009 	Great stay downtown New York	We stayed two nights at the Hampton Inn.We made the reservation for a two Queen bed room but none were available when we checked in around 7PM. They offered us two rooms instead for the same amount, one with a Queen bed and the other with a King size bed. So that was fine with us.Expect to pay $45 for their valet parking or around $25 for a nearby parking. We were able to park free on the street right in front of the hotel on Sunday but it runs only on weekends days and probably just during certain period.The breakfast was great and the staff were very helpfull. I would definitly go at the Hampton Inn again.	
Jul 16 2009 	Great Location Great staff	This hotel is wonderfully located between Central Park and the Financial District. Many subway lines are on both sides of the block.The staff was extremely helpful and accomodated all our requests. As expected the rooms are quite small but nothing unexpected. They were clean and well organized. There was never a long wait at the elevators. The typical Hampton Inn buffet breakfast was also as expected, nothing fancy but plenty of options were available.There are many good restaurants nearby, both inexpensive and expensive. There is also a Whole Foods grocery store on the same block for those with more particular tastes.All in all this is a great hotel with a great staff in a great location.	
Jul 15 2009 	We loved the Hampton Inn Chelsea - and we'll be back	The Hampton Inn was just perfect for our stay in New York. We travelled with our toddler, and needed a little more than just the very basic. We had requested a crip when we booked the hotel three months prior, and is was sitting in our room upon arrival. And the room was clean and comfy, WiFi, Cable TV, a nice bathroom with a tub and more. We enjoyed the breakfast which was far better than expected, and served from 6 to 10 am. which is great if you're travelling with a toddler that might wake at any hour and be hungry at any hour. We found the staff friendly and helpful. . And with a rate under $ 200 for a double room it seems very hard to beat. It's a no-nonsense hotel that I would recommend to everybody - younger people, older people and families. There's no particular &quot;New York&quot; feeling about the hotel, but The Hampton Inn is situated within waking distance of almost everything - The Flat Iron, The Village, SoHo and Meatpacking, so why would you want to experience New York from your hotel? We will definitely stay there again.	
Jul 12 2009 	Just Right!	We needed a place to stay near FIT...just exactly what we needed!..was only 3 blocks on a quiet street, West 24th but very close to everything!..we stayed on the 10th floor, very clean hotel &amp; room, spacious for Manhattan! Great breakfast, too..so good that every morning, the place was packed but other guests willing to share the spaces..stayed only 3 days but will definitely be back! Staff very helpful and accommodating...Thanks for a great first experience in NYC!	
Jun 29 2009 	Fabulous Time!- Best hotel for your money!	My husband and I stayed at the Hampton Inn Chelsea for four nights in the beginning of June. We had a fabulous time in NYC. The hotel was great! It is located on a quiet street, around the corner from the subway station and just a block from some great restaurants and eateries. We always felt safe, despite coming back late a number of nights. The staff was very helpful with directions and any questions. The only drawback was that our room was a bit small. However, when in NYC, you don't spend very much time in your room anyway so it didn't bother us. Overall we had a fabulous time at the Hampton Inn Chelsea!	
Jun 18 2009 	Good location	As another reviewer has remarked, not the prettiest of streets, but it certainly was quiet, no major through traffic. We were on the 14th floor. Room had two double beds so there was not a great deal of walk around space. My major beef is that three weeks before I sent a fax requesting a refrigerator, which it said you must do. Not once did I receive anything to say that would not be guaranteed. On check in it was noted we had asked for a fridge, so we were expecting to get one. We stayed there 7 nights and after the 3RD REQUEST on the 3rd day we gave up and realised we were not ever going to have one. On check out we informed the receptionist that we were not happy about that and she said to make amends we could have a voucher for a free night in any Hampton Inn. Breakfast was good value. If you didn't wish to eat the hot food, which consisted of either sausage patty/pieces of sausage, egg patty, corn fritter, there was fresh fruit salad, cereals, toast/breads, pastries, juices, soft drink, teas and coffee. It was located close to subway and within walking distance of several sightseeing	
Jun 9 2009 	surprisingly good choice..	I’m no stranger to New York and have stayed in many hotels from luxury to budget and I have to be honest the Hampton Inn Chelsea was not my choice. However I cannot praise this hotel enough. OK.. its not luxury and if I had to have a bit of a moan the view from the hotel room was very dull but what made me like this hotel so much are the simple details. Firstly the room.. nothing special but clean, bright and spacious (by UK standards) and the beds were large and very comfortable with lots of pillows and a very cosy duvet. A rarity in the US; a breakfast buffet is actually included in the price and although its nothing amazing it does have cereal, fruit, croissants etc so it should please most European guests at least. Something I was very impressed with was the fact tea and coffee was available 24hrs free of charge so after a long day shopping or sightseeing it was nice to come back to the hotel and chill out with a nice cup of tea. The staff were also very helpful and friendly. I stupidly left my bag in the taxi from Newark airport but the reception staff were extremely helpful in making sure I got it back, even if it did mean a trip to Newark city hall which I would never recommend to any non American. Finally the location.. the hotel is within walking distance to Times Sq, Soho, Union Sq and the main shopping streets.. so overall.. no complaints! The immediate area is nothing special but seems safe enough.So why only 4 stars.. well I have already moaned about the view… the other bad point was noise from the corridors which were very small.. you could hear every door open and (slam) shut as well as the cleaner violently vacuuming in the morning. But to be honest.. this did not spoil the stay and I would chose this hotel again.	
May 28 2009 	Convenient comfortable good value	The street isn't pretty but it is quiet and the hotel's location is safe and convenient for public transport. The staff were friendly and efficient. The room was spacious and clean with a comfortable bed. Breakfast is included in the rate - not the highest quality but substantial and varied so you can find something you like. The hotel has a laundry for guest use - very convenient on a long trip. Would definitely stay here again.	
May 11 2009 	Good Hotel in a good location	I`ve just returned from this hotel and I cannot recommend it enough. I had absolutely no problems whatsoever. The staff are friendly and helpful, the rooms are very nice indeed and the breakfasts are complimentary and up to standard. It also had free wi-fi which was available from the room.If I were to be hyper-critical I might point out the lack of a bar was slightly disapointing, but there are many bars within easy walking distance, as indeed were local attractions such as Madison Square Gardens, Times Square and Macys.I have to say I really enjoyed my stay here.	
Apr 19 2009 	great value	great stay here. good size room,spotlessly clean,maid every day.booked a king size bed which really was a king size. breakfast was included in price which saved us about a hundred quid.free internet is provided which made it easy for checking restaurants ,directions,tours etc.hotel is situated in a quiet area within walking distance of mid town,broadway,the empire state,madison sq gardens,greenwich and west villages.very little street noise in this hotel at night,not like other midtown hotels we have been in.overall had a great stay here which made our holiday	
Apr 15 2009 	Great value NewYork City hotel with the added bonus of a complimentary breakfast.	Booked with Travel Republic for a stay in this hotel over Easter 2009. Two adults and two teenagers shared a twin queen bedded room which was was clean and quiet. The beds were extremely comfortable with the linen changed at least once in our 5day stay. Fresh towels every day. The extensive complimentary breakfast was a great bonus which avoided the need to seek breakfast elsewhere.There were a variety of restaurants locally situated - Olive Garden and Outback Steakhouse to name two - as well as several fast food outlets so eating locally in the evenings not a problem.Located about 1 mile from Times Square and 1/2 mile from Macys and Empire State. JFK to 23 Street Subway station ( two blocks away) took less than 1 hour using Air Train link and cost only 7 dollars each with staff at Jamaica Station to offer assistance. Not so good of course if you have large luggage.Although not so close to the main attractions as some hotels the Hampton Inn Chelsea provides good quality, clean, quiet and comfortable en-suite family rooms (4 people), including breakfast, at a price little more than that charged by some of the budget hotels with shared facilities. Will definitely use again on our next visit to The Big Apple.	
Apr 8 2009 	Good location in Chelsea/Flatiron	Good price and good location in Chelsea/Flatiron district. I can never get the wireless internet to work on my laptop, but the cable connection was fast enough.Room was fairly small, typical for NYC non-suite. Clean and bed was comfortable.Breakfast was good, eggs, sausage, cereal, etc.Fitness room has no weights or cable machines, only stairmaster, cycle and treadmills.Only a couple blocks from the 1 subway and the NRQW lines.Madison Square Park is a block away and the famous Shake Shack burger stand.Also, try Waldys pizza on 6th b/w 27th and 28th. Awesome wood-fired pizza.Whole foods also on the corner.	
Mar 31 2009 	Fantastic Hotel! Confortable central great decor and friendly staff	I´m from Oporto, Portugal, I went to this hotel with 3 more friends and were staying 5 nights, all in the same large room, in two queen-size beds, very confortable, with great city views and Free wireless internet in the room. The Hot breakfast is very complete. Have always different types of coffee to choose from, fresh fruit every day, and several cakes.This is a fantastic central Hotel!! Hampton Inn is a newly constructed twenty story high rise with a contemporary decor and high tech amenities. I have nothing negative to the point of this hotel…The staff is friendly, courteous, always ready to help!!I would like come back to New York City to this Hotel Again!! :-)	
Mar 24 2009 	Helpful and Homely	My Fiancé and I, together with two of our friends have just returned from a 4 night stay at the Hampton Inn Manhattan and I can honestly say that I have nothing negative to report. I cannot fault the hotel in any way - the staff were obliging, friendly, courteous and knowledgeable. Upon entering the hotel there was always a friendly face to greet us. They were happy to help with our queries as to where certain landmarks were and how to get to them; they even ordered our return taxi to the airport free of charge (the taxi also turned out to be a limo for the same price!) The rooms are cosy with huge, extremely comfortable beds and brand-new televisions. They are maintained to a high standard and are cleaned daily, making them spotless. The soundproofing is fantastic and we hardly heard the hustle and bustle outside.I believe that any complaints in relation to the free breakfast are completely unfounded, especially since it was free of charge. The variety was unbelievable - croissants, muffins, many varieties of doughnuts, eggs, omlettes, sausage, salami, toast, fruit salad, yoghurts and much more. The breakfast was constantly being replenished and was always fresh - for those who do not have the time to sit and eat breakfast, the hotel also provide complimentary breakfast bags in the lobby.The hotel provided wi-fi free of charge and have two computers in the restaurant area for patrons to utilise. This was great for any last minute searches or the checking of emails.The area is fantastic and is in close proximity to Madison Square Gardens, Macys and the Empire State Building.Thank you so much to all at the hotel who made our stay absolutely perfect.	
Mar 18 2009 	Awesome deal on Priceline...hotel fit the bill	Was willing to within a a few neighborhoods in New York on a recent trip. Went to Priceline and chose 2 stars or higher and they took me to this hotel. It was exactly where I wanted to stay. The room overall was very clean. Comfortable bed. The free breakfast the next morning was a pleasant surprise...plenty of selection, including Belgian waffles. The only downside was the fact that we were given a small room with one bed (but given that it was a Priceline room and a New York hotel, I'm not really going to be too upset about that). If you book directly with Hampton, I'd recommend ensuring what kind of room you want when you make your reservation. Overall, a good selection...even if it was made for me!	
Feb 16 2009 	Good Business Hotel	I stay here about 9 nights a week. They are pretty good folks here and the room is consistent. I've stayed at many different Hilton properties in Manhattan and always seem to come back here. As a business traveler I like the breakfast and proximity to a couple mellow bars and a great movie theatre. if I came with my family I'd go to the Doubletree on 51st and Lexington (if you want a Hilton property)	
Feb 13 2009 	OK not great though	This is an attractive, relatively new property in Chelsea which is definitely beginning to show its wear prematurely (as well as it's less than stellar management). Rooms are fairly large for NYC standard for the price/class and the free hot breakfast is a welcome bonus. Bedroom/bathroom furnishings are modern and comfortable. Got a good rate at the time, so it was worthwhile. Chelsea location is great in my opinion, although the block the hotel is on is not the most attractive or desirable in the neighborhood.The not so good: in the 3 days &amp; nights spent at hotel in Nov 2008, never was the room or the hallway vacuumed--and they both needed it. Room and bathroom was showing wear--marks on walls and furniture, some peeling wallpaper, etc. Nothing major or overly gross, just a bit disappointing for a property still relatively new. This is a heavily used hotel which operates with a less than appropriate cleaning/maintenance routine. It wasn't filthy, but it wasn't very clean either.For the right price, I'd probably stay here again and be willing to look past its faults. If you don't need a lot of room and only 1 bed (double or queen) will suffice, I'd recommend the GEM Hotel Chelsea first--rooms are tiny but the place is immaculate and the staff much more professional and courteous. GEM also has a better location. But it also has its shortcomings. Depends what you need in a hotel.	
Jan 24 2009 	Loved the Hampton Inn	My husband and 2 young children ages 3 and 4 stayed at the Hampton Inn for 3 nights in early January. We were expecting small rooms, unfriendly/indifferent service and a slightly grimy environment as the price had been so good. Instead we received warm, friendly service, well appointed fresh modern room and a great complimentary breakfast. The hotel is in an excellent location very close to funky restaurants, coffee shops, 2 x 24 hr drug stores and the subway. Very accommodating to young children - the breakfast is great as are the free cookies at afternoon tea time! Nothing was too much trouble for the staff - not that we had any problems. We have already recommended to 2 groups we know that are travelling to New York in the near future.	
Jan 22 2009 	Location is unbeatable	Pros:1. Conveniently located between several subway lines2. One block away from Whole Foods3. Safe neighborhood4. Excellent sound insulation - little outdoor noise5. Fast and easy check6. Great rates with AAACons:1. Old CRT TVs with poor reception2. Breakfast is meh, albeit freeDon't expect the Palace and you'll be happy. Recommend more than the large Marriotts/Hiltons, etc.	
Jan 21 2009 	What a great find!	We live 3 hours from the city, and quite often like to go in and spend the night, so that we get two full days there. This past trip, all of our *events* were located in the Chelsea area, and so I google-mapped hotels nearby, and was pleasantly surprised to find this Hampton Inn, because of its superb location and really reasonable prices. Upon arrival, we were even more pleasantly surprised. The staff was warm and welcoming, the rooms, while a bit small (not unusual for NYC hotels), were quite clean and very comfortable. And the included breakfast is just FABULOUS. We are returning to this hotel every time we visit, because no matter where our sight-seeing takes us, this location can't be beat. It's a block from the subway, and right near wonderful eating places, like Rickshaw Dumpling Bar, New York Burger, Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill (fabulous!!)...not to mention 5th &amp; 6th Avenue shopping (not far from our favorite stores, Urban Outfitters &amp; Anthropologie).	
Nov 30 2008	Excellent stay with a little extra touch	I flew my partner to New York for her 40th birthday and we had a wonderful time. We had stayed at the Hampton Inn once before for business and loved the location/hotel so much, that's where I booked our trip to.. I spoke with the Manager (Jonathan Brooks) about having a nice bottle of wine in the hotel room for our late arrival and low and behold, he had it ready in our room with two wine glasses. After a long day of travel and the special nature of the trip, Jonathan and his staff made it all the better! So thank you to Jonathan and all the wonderful staff at the Hampton Inn. The room was clean, lovely and the bed was soooooooo comfortable... Well done, everyone and thanks again!	
Nov 18 2008 	Loved the place	Clearly hotel room space is a premium in Manhattan. Indeed the room is a liitle cramped (has 2 queen sized beds) but the lack of space is more than made up by the warm and friendly service of the staff not to mention the delicious complimentary cookies at the front desk (a nice touch- I see the same thing in the Hampton's in Muskogee Oklahoma). The location is wonderful as it is but half a block away from the subway with plenty of eating places nearby. It became our home away from home:)	
Nov 11 2008 	Great choice in Chelsea	I've stayed here several times over the last few years, and I have found the staff to be friendly and helpful. The lobby is very modern and the rooms feature modern decor as well. My experiences have been all good regarding cleanliness. The basic breakfast okay, too. Try to get a room with a view, as I have always had a view of the apartment building next door. This hotel is centrally-located, and a great location to the subway. There are a number of bars, restaurants, shops, etc, just steps outside the door. It is not a super-touristy neighborhood, which is ideal if you wish live a bit like a local. It's also nice that you can easily walk down the street without being in a mass of tourists. Also - There are probably 3 or 4 nail salons within a 5 minute walk, too. I am definitely recommending this hotel!	
Nov 7 2008 	A nibble of the big apple !!!	We stayed there after touring around New England for a couple of weeks,so we were looking for peace and quiet.We got that as our room was on the back of the hotel.The down side was it was tiny.Ask for a queen bedded room as they were much bigger.The bed took up nearly all the available space in the room and there was very little left to move around in..The bathroom was clean but oh so small!Breakfast was typically American ,lots or pastries,muffins,bagels and weird combinations of hot food,but adequate.The location is good ,great for the subway and a fifteen minute walk to Manhatten's main attractions.The thing that made this visit good were the staff .They were all very helpful and friendly and the manager in particular.John Cid gave us some great recommendations for restaurants including a 50's soda shop for lunch and an American Diner .Both were good experiences.It is quite a modern basic hotel not unlike our premier inns but ideal when you just want to sleep after a long day sightseeing.!	
Nov 6 2008 	Enjoyed staying at Hampton - heart of the city and good service	Great Location, good service and very neat and clean rooms. Liked there breakfast, it was healthy and fresh. VEry clean rooms and good furniture. Very friendly people and ready to help.	
Oct 28 2008	Better than expected other than breakfast.	I was pleasantly surprised with my visit last weekend to the Hampton Inn Chelsea. I booked the room with Hilton points because the Hiltons were not available. The lobby area is very nice, and the staff was very accomodating. The room had recently been remodeled, and was very clean. We loved how quiet the room was compared to others in the city. The location was perfect and has good subway access. The only problem we had was the mediocre breakfast served entirely on plastic and styrofoam dishes that are all pitched into an overflowing trash can. Not very progressive......but the only drawback we could see.	
Oct 19 2008 	Great hotel close to subway!	We were a group of 8 friends traveling to New York City. Four of us had never been to New York City before, so needed a place that was close to the subway, somewhere in the middle of the city, 15 minutes or less to go uptown or downtown. We tried to book less expensive hotels. but they were gone in February, when I booked this hotel on hotels.com.Our rooms were very clean and quiet. Two rooms faced the street and the double pane windows kept the noise out. The King size rooms are smaller than the rooms with two queen beds. The beds were very comfortable and we had no problem following asleep. A nice breakfast buffet is included in the price and was very convenient for us. Just imagine 8 friends deciding where to eat breakfast. A Whole Foods is near by, so is a Jumba Juice, and other eateries.We loved our stay in New York and will definitely return!!!! Don't believe people when they say New Yorkers are not nice or always in a hurry. People were stopping to help us with directions. Young men were offering their seats to us on the subway. One young man helped us on the subway to Battery Park. We are native Californians. Nothing could be crazier than our freeways.WE LOVED NEW YORK!!!!	
Oct 6 2008 	pleasantly surprised	Stayed for a weekend(Fri-Sunday). Room was same as suburban Hampton Inns- only a bit smaller. Rates weren't sky high. Staff was extremely friendly and helpful. Nice continental breakfast. Coffee available at all hours. Found free parking on the street. Weekend Flea market outside of hotel door. On the whole, it was a very nice NYC experience.	
Oct 5 2008 	2-Star Hotel - That's all.	I've stayed at this hotel many times, as it's the closest hotel to the office which I was conduct business from.As I write this review, please keep in mind that most of my reviews are very positive. Not to mention, I (usually) prefer Hilton Properties (Diamond Member for Years now). On almost every occasion I've stayed here, I've had some type of issue. Several times after checking out, I've noticed my rate was not what I agreed to (and signed) when I checked in. Every time I've brought it up, they end up changing it to what it was supposed to have been, but it's a serious battle and the manager has to get involved. They seem to forget that Hampton Inn allegedly has a &quot;100% Guarantee&quot; . As far as price goes, you can easily find other hotels in Manhattan for the same price, which offer a lot more. Start with the Time Square area, believe it or not. Unfortunately, this is the only hotel in this area, which is why I sometimes choose it. I can walk to work without taking a cab or or subway.This hotel has some of the smallest hotel rooms for a Manhattan hotel. The end of the bed practically touches the opposite wall. This hotel is also one of the dirtiest hotels I've ever stayed in. I try not to walk around without shoes in these rooms. Stay here, you'll see what I am talking about. Honestly, the hotel is similar to a Motel 6; only three times the price.All I have to say is: Avoid it, avoid it, avoid it. I do recommend the Hilton Garden Inn on 8th (by Time Square). It's much better and the price delta is negligible. Good luck!	
Sep 18 2008 	some quiet in the city	Stayed here 09/14 to 09/17, and we too could not access the internet the whole time. This was annoying, but not a tragedy. We were in 407 and it was a SMALL room, 1 bed. But, it was facing the backs of three other buildings and was therefore VERY quiet at night and in the AM. I've stayed at many hotels in NYC and this was the best sleep I've ever gotten there. The location was great in Chelsea. Lots of restaurants and the train is very close by. The breakfast was better than the average Hampton Inn fare. They kept it very fresh.Also, all the staff was very helpful and nice. I	
Sep 18 2008	Convenient Hotel Good Stay!	We stayed at this hotel in early September.Overall, we enjoyed the stay here. The location is very convenient to Times Square (15min walk), Madison Square Garden (5min walk), and there are alot of other shops, districts, etc located around this area. You are also just down the street from a subway stop.The hotel itself is very clean, and the rooms are the typical NYC smaller rooms. The front desk people were very friendly and helpful. They have a breakfast every morning, included with the room. It was very convenient and had a good enough selection of items to eat. Overall, I did not have any complaints, but was very satisified with the hotel and would stay there again for the right price.	
Sep 16 2008 	Clean 	The Hampton Inn in Chelsea is clean and has a very friendly, helpful staff. The location is convenient and relatively quiet for NYC. Unfortunately, my stay was for business and the internet connection was down the entire four days of my stay. An internet connection was a main selling point for me, so I was very disappointed and frustrated. The in-room phones were annoyingly staticy as well. Other than that main issue, our stay was quite pleasant.	
Sep 14 2008 	Oasis in the middle of Manhattan!	What a great gem in the middle of New York City! We would definitely go back. The hotel is located on a side street so you don't get much street noise. They had a breakfast buffet (including omelets to order) and even have a small bar. The rooms were sligtly bigger than average for NYC. It's clean and we got a really good rate online.	
Sep 13 2008 	Little Gem in the Big Apple	My girlfriend (now wife!) and I stayed here for a week for my 30th in Dec 06. Sorry for the late submission of this review.We absolutely loved this hotel. It's in a perfect location for exploring downtown and uptown New York city, and nearly everywhere is within walking distance. If you don't want to walk there is a metro stop about 30 yards from the front door, and various bus stops within a few hundred yards.The reception is small but well staffed, with knowledgeable attendants. There are two lifts, which can sometimes be v..e..r..y slow to arrive, but waiting a few minutes for a lift is not the end of the World! There's also free wifi in the reception, and each afternoon there are free cakes &amp; pastries for a couple of hours by the lifts if you get peckish! Drinks machines also offer free coffee &amp; tea,The room we stayed in was on the 10th floor, and had a lovely view of the NY skyline. It was perfect for what we needed - spotlessly clean, a huge bed with gorgeous pillows, a nice TV, and a very nice bathroom which was continually restocked throughout our stay with toiletry essentials. Having read other reviews of different NY hotels on TripAdvisor I think we definately hit gold with this one!Note - as per previous reviews, ask for a room AWAY from both the lifts &amp; the ice machine (we specified this on our internet booking). I felt sorry for the occupants of the room next to the ice machine each time I went to fill up our ice bucket! The lifts have a voice that announces the floor, which I'm sure could be heard from the rooms close to it.This price of this hotel includes breakfast (which I understand can be a bit of a rarity in NY), and we were very pleasantly surprised by it. A different selection of hot food every day (waffles, pancakes, bacon, sausages, muffins, etc.) It's a buffet so you are welcome to have as much as you like. This proves a very good way of saving money because you can have a nice big breakfast, and then you don't need to buy an expensive lunch!Overall, we thoroughly enjoyed our stay in the Big Apple, and would not hesitate in recommending this hotel!	
Aug 16 2008 	Good value convenient	This hotel was a good value and good location for a new york vacation. In a quieter neighborhood, with lots of local restaurants, a whole foods market down the block, and subway stops around the corner. Easy cab or subway ride to times square and all tourist sites. Room was clean and comfortable. Complimentary hot breakfast was fine - fresh fruit and orange juice were appreciated. Coffee and pastries also fine. Highly recommend for families.	
Aug 13 2008 	A good base for exploring New York	We had a great stay here in August with the exception of check out, which I'll get to later. We were in room 1202, which was clean and did not have any of the moldy or dirt issues expressed by other reviewers. The rooms here are small, and the hallways are claustrophobic, but it is Manhattan, and if you want luxurious large accomodations, stay at the Four Seasons. That is not what this hotel is about. We found the staff helpful, and the rooms clean. The room was also remarkably quiet for a hotel room. We never heard our neighbors.Breakfast was standard for a Hampton Inn. There are three subway lines just a few blocks away to take you where you need to go. The hotel is on 24th Street between 6th and 7th Avenues and shares a block with a gay bar, the Korean-American Society of New York, a doggie day care, antiques stores, and an electrical supply company. It is a diverse neighborhood. Walking back at night from the subway that runs along 7th Ave. (the red lines) was a little uncomfortable because there were several homeless, intoxicated men camped out under scaffolding on the way to the hotel. But they didn't bother us and we left them alone. It is a big city, and there are lots of places where you'll find that. There were no issues walking from 6th Ave. There is a Whole Foods less than a block away for quick snacks, and lots of restaurants around. The historic Chelsea Hotel is within walking distance. The staff was very helpful with subway maps, restaurant suggestions, etc. Our only issue was that at check out our bill was wrong by over $300. When I went to the front desk for help, the only person who was there was unable to help and didn't understand what I needed. It was early in the morning, before 8:00 when I went to the front desk to have the bill corrected, but it wasn't until after 9:00 that the manager arrived and was able to correct the bill. If we had had an early flight, it would have been really disconcerting to leave the hotel with an incorrect bill.I would stay here again, but I would try other places too. Also, the hallways are so small, I don't know that a person in an electric wheelchair could navigate them.	
Aug 13 2008 	Great Value in Manahattan	I booked a one-night stay here on-line at the last minute when plans fell through with a relative. The reservations and check-in processes were very smooth.This Hampton Inn is in Chelsea, south of the bustle of midtown, yet the rest of Manhattan is easily accessible by subway. The room price is reasonable compared to most of the hotels in the area.The staff was courteous, friendly and the breakfast area spacious. My room on the sixth floor was small compared to other Hampton Inns I have stayed at. But remembering this is Manhattan, where space is at a premium, it was nonetheless clean and very comfortable. The only thing I didn't like was the elevator, which was slow at times. On several occasions, it was quicker to reach the ground floor via one of the staircases. I was very pleased with my stay and wouldn't hesitate to come here again in the future. It's a good bargain in a city with very expensive hotels.	
Aug 8 2008 	Hampton Staff highlight of the stay	Hotel staff was very friendly, attentive and extremely knowledgeable on best local places to eat and transportation to and from our daily destinations throughout our stay. However, the hotel itself is run down, in a seedy part of the city and overall needs a good cleaning from top to bottom! The entire place had a moldy look, feel and smell about it and just really felt unclean. I should have heeded a review of the hotel by a fellow traveler when he said the staff was great but the hotel needs an overhaul!Concord, CA	
Aug 1 2008 	Ideal hotel for NYC	I visited last week and found the hotel ideal as a base for exploring the sights of New york,it is of a good standard,rooms are cleaned on a daily basis and a bonus is the cooked buffet breakfast.It did tend to be the same every day but saved my family of kids a fortune and its convenience was a bonus.The subway is a few minutes away and access to all the main sightseeing places is good and timely. The area we found to be safe to walk back to at night to the hotel and though there are no major shops insight there is a good health shop which sells loads of daly staples should you feel hungry,coffee and tea is on hand 24 hours at the hotel also.We had a room on the 19th floor, very quiet and able to sleep like a log every night,guess the walking we did made us get a good kip. My only minor gripe,no cookies as promised,first day we had them but after that nothing,when i asked i was told suppliers have not delivered, shame really.I would be happy to stay here again for sure,my kids had use of the internet in the lobby also for free which pleased greatly.	
Jul 16 2008	Very comfortable	I won a trip to NYC and the travel agency booked this room for us. We had a very comfortable stay at this hotel and found the staff very friendly and helpful. The location was close to the subway and within walking distance of plenty of restaurants. The furnishings in the room were trendy and new and the complimentary breakfast was very good. We would absolutely stay here again!	
Jul 15 2008 	Big Apple Gem	We spent a fabulous weekend at this hotel. In real estate it is about location - and on West 24th Street this has it! Quick subway or cab ride to Times Square and easy to explore the tastes and sounds of Chelsea by foot. You can easily make it into both the West Village and East Village by foot as well. We chose the hotel as we were in town to visit friends who just moved into their new apartment in Union Square.We were delighted with the hotel interiors. They make great use of limited space with an inviting lobby. The room was sharply decorated using light colors to help give it a larger feel. Bathroom was just what you expect and they have the arched shower curtain rods to give you a few extra inches while cleaning up. The fitness room located in the basement level has basic, fully functional equipment that gets the job done. On the main level off of the lobby there are two public access computers and the entire hotel offers complimentary wi-fi service. Just beyond that is the breakfast room where each morning an array of hot and cold breakfast foods were offered to guests. Coffee and tea are available 24 hours as well as in the room.The staff was friendly, genuine and very attentive. We were always acknowledged in public areas by every member of the staff. You just simply can not go wrong at this hotel!	
Jul 6 2008 	excellent quiet hotel	This hotel is quiet and well located in Manhattan -close to the subway. The breakfast room has a selection of cold and hot items for breakfast buffet style. Rooms are well appointed and very clean, The only drawback is the lack of public areas -however when you are in Manhattan there is so much to see and do that this isn't a problem.	
Jun 23 2008 	Great location if driving into the city	We found this to be a great location. Driving into the city can be a bit hetic but found this hotel one of the easier ones to find. Parking is around the cornor. Be aware that you be charged more for a SUV - this was not mention in any of the literature. The room had the amenities usual at all Hampton Inns - clean rooms, comfortable beds, a decent breakfast - though the room is a bit smaller. City noise was never a problem. It was a very quiet place. Staff was friendly and helpful and subway access was close. Cabs were easily found at the door of the hotel or on the cornor of 6th or 7th Ave. We'll stay here again.	
May 25 2008 	comfortable and friendly chelsea hotel	We enjoyed our 10-day stay in the Hampton Inn located in the multi-culti and central Chelsea area of Manhattan, which is chock-full of restaurants, cafes, diners, shops, and boutiques, not to mention historical sites and parks. The hotel staff were friendly and hospitable from the moment we walked in to the moment we departed. An especially helpful employee at reception, Jeff, always greeted us with a smile, and he and his staff were available around the clock to answer our questions and help us. The rooms are simple but clean, and there are comfy pillows and beds, as well as plenty of towels and free toiletries.A big plus was the complementary continental breakfast every morning. Having to buy one less meal each day saves money, and the variety of food there is enough for you not to have to eat the same thing each day. Moreover, there are warm drinks available throughout the day, as well as chocolate chip cookies each afternoon.	
May 19 2008 	A Nice Place to Stay Downtown	We read the reviews on Trip Advisor and picked it becauseit was only 4 blocks West of our daughters apt. The area isfairly quiet and attractively nestled in midway down the block.We were a little nervous on check in as there was a large groupfrom England off a bus checking in, but it went very quickly.The room, as we requested, was an end room and cleanalthough somewhat small (as to be expected in Manhattan).Beds were exceptionally comfortable with a very niceshower. The morning breakfast buffet gratis included a differententree each morning and was good for NYC. I did have aproblem with the bill which was three hundred dollars higherthan I was quoted. Fortunately, I am a Hilton Honors memberand also had a copy from their website of the rate I was quotedand the bill was corrected. I would strongly recommend bringinga written quote of the bill when staying at any hotel and especially in NYC where rates can vary from day to day. The rateI had was very low for NYC. I would stay here again.	
May 18 2008 	Good value Great Location	We stayed at the Hampton Inn for 4 nights in May. We booked through the hotel website as this was the cheapest option after much research. On arrival, the lady on reception was very pleasant. We were allocated a room on the 14th floor at the rear of the hotel. I'd suggest this is the best option as being at the front maybe slightly nosier, although the street that the hotel is located isn't too busy at all.The nearest subway is a 3 minute walk away, really convenient.The room was good. Clean and an okay size. The bathroom was small-ish but all clean and there were fresh towels and tolietries each day.There is an iron and iron board in the room, plus a coffee maker. The wardrobe was also a good size.We were in room around the corner from the lift with only one room next to us. There was an ice and water machine outside the room which was handy, but a bit noisy at times.There is a free breakfast served until 10am. We tried this once but it was rather busy and people were tripping over each other, plus you may end up sharing a table with someone you don't know. Don't let this put you off though. Give it a go and see what you think. There is a bagel / sandwich place on the corner as you turn right out of the hotel which is very cheap, and there is another, lighter, brighter sandwich / breakfast place another block downtown from this which is also good value.There is no restaurant or bar in the hotel.Reception held our bags for us all afternoon after we checked out, no problems. The &quot;bellboy&quot; was very helpful and got us a town car back to Newark which was a set rate of around $45 plus tolls and tip. A yellow cab quoted us around $65-75 dollars on the meter. The hotel was good value compared to some other hotels we looked at. We based our decision not only price but also on the reviews from Trip Advisor, and we have no complaints. It's a good base for accessing everything. We did loads of walking but with the subway around the corner there's no hassle about getting around. SoHo is a 15-20 minute walk, and the same for the Meat Packing District. The main part of Chelsea with all its bar and restaurants is around the corner. Turn left out of the hotel, cross over 7th Ave and walk up to 8th where you'll find everything.	
May 13 2008 	Great experience!	I was really pleased with our stay at the Hampton Inn Chelsea (May 9 - 12, 2008). I love the Chelsea area as it is more interesting than a lot of others areas in NYC. There was lots to see and do right in Chelsea. Plus it was easy to walk to Union Square, the East and West Villages.The room was clean and comfortable. The breakfast was quite good. The staff was pretty neutral (neither friendly nor unpleasant), which is fine with me. I loved that on Saturday and Sundays there is an antique market right across the street from the hotel.The only thing I didn't care for was the amount of sound proofing in the halls. We could hear people coming and going from the room next to ours. They weren't loud people, so it wasn't a big deal...Would absolutely stay here again!	
May 6 2008	very satisfied	This is our second trip to Manhattan in less than a year. We stayed at the Union Square Inn the first time and were shocked that $200 got us such a shabby walk-up with a daily breakfast of stale pastries, fruit drink and bad coffee. This time we spent an additional $100 which hurt our wallets but the hotel was much better. Elevators, courteous, helpful staff, an exercise room, laundry machines ($1.50 per wash, $1.00 per long dry) and a very ample breakfast of fresh ingredients (bagels, pastries, hot dishes, fresh fruit, juices, yoghurts, cereals, and decent coffee) in a pleasant breakfast room. The room while not huge, was very adequate and the bathroom was very clean and modern. The street isn't very pretty and Manhattan is noisy if you insist on keeping your window open, which I did, but we needed to be in the area so it was just right.I'd definitely stay there again. Wish it wasn't so expensive but it is definitely a good value for Manhattan	
Apr 10 2008 	Clean but Small Less than perfect staff	I recently hosted a girls getaway to NYC this past April. We chose the Hamptom Inn solely based on the fact that they offered double rewards points for our stay. Our rates ranged from $199-$350 which is pretty average for NYC. I’ve visited NYC many times before and this was the first time I stayed at a chain hotel, and I found myself disappointed. The hotel is no way inhabitable, or terrible, however for a chain hotel at that price I expected a little more. The hotel is located in Chelsea on 24th street between 6th and 7th Ave, it's off the beaten path of the busy NYC attractions(about 20 blocks away from Times Square, 10 from Herald Square) but close to several subway stations that will take you anywhere you want to go. There is a WholeFoods on the corner of 7th ave and 24th street where you can make your own salad or take in dinner. It’s a little pricey but decent. Upon arrival we were able to store our luggage with the hotel and enjoy the city until check in. We requested a room with a view, however the backside of a dirty apartment building was all we received. The room itself was clean, very small, not much room to store luggage... or move. The room did not have a refrigerator or microwave as the hotel description said it would but they were able to provide a mini refrigerator that only took up more space in the already too small room, and froze everything we stored in it. The bathroom was clean, but small. Awkwardly placed mirrors and lighting made it nearly impossible to see anything accurately. The water pressure was terrible all around, and one shower steamed the entire room for an extended period of time. The air conditioning had two settings, freezing and sweating which was determined by temperature of your shower. Also, the hotel only provides a safe at the front desk for security, so be weary if you plan to bring extra jewelry, cash, laptops, cell phones, or ipods. Although the room was quiet, and the bed comfortable I found it hard to sleep at night. The fire alarms in the room have a very annoying, large blinking light that illuminates the room, and blinks in an unpredictable pattern, leading you to believe there might be an emergency, or it’s simply not working properly, either way it’s not very reassuring. Housekeeping did a nice job of keeping the room clean and kept on the first day. After that they repeatedly neglected to empty trash cans, change sheets, vacuum, or replace toiletries. Even when extra pillows, blankets, or towels were requested they did not deliver. The free breakfast is decent. The hotel buys bagels from a bakery/pizzeria around the corner, (Empire Bagels on 6th Ave). They are probably the only thing worth eating at the buffet, otherwise prepackage muffins, stale cereal, frozen French toast sticks, and egg patties are the daily staple. The computer/ business center they advertise is nothing more than a single computer in the lobby. If you have a laptop computer, utilize the free wireless from the room, rather than fight with the employees checking their MySpace account every 15minutes. Every time I went downstairs to use the computer a member of the hotel staff was using it. I do not recommend this hotel was business guests in need of faxing, copying, or computer facilities. The main downfall to our trip was the lack of service the hotel provided. I called ahead to make sure there was a concierge to assist with directions, and attraction bookings to make the trip a little less stressful, and feel more like a vacation. Their awarding winning concierge must have won the award for giving bad advice, wrong directions, and nail filing because those were the main attributes they exhibited. Plan ahead, book tours online, arrange car pick up to and from the hotel, and grab a free subway map in the lobby. You’ll be better off on your own than taking any advice from the concierge. The front desk has no clue about the city. They recommend the worst restaurants in the area, in a very condescending manner. One of the staff members seemingly laughed and rolled his eyes with any question, and just like the concierge, offered terrible advice and directions. If you’re traveling alone, or in pairs the Hampton Inn should fit you just fine. If you have a large family or extenuating needs this probably isn’t the place for you. If you really want to be in the heart of NYC, and within walking distance of the most popular attractions try another hotel farther north, otherwise be prepared to brave the subway system. (Tip: Buy an unlimited metrocard for the duration of your trip, 7 day unlimited card is $25 vs. $2 per ride)	
Mar 18 2008	Very nice stay...	Stayed at this hotel in november 2007 for four days and i had a great time here, really nice, hotel i very well located just a few minutes walk from everyting really ( shops, times square, macys) everyting,very stylish from reception to the room very.Staff are very friendly and helpfull,absolutely loved the breakfast wich was included in the booking, got everyting u need...rooms are cleaned daily and its so peacefull as well.Will go back for sure,maybe next year, would recomend it to annyone... u will love it : )New York its an amazing place, Times Square to die for, food , service and lots to do ( you have to got to Empire State Building, the view from the 86 floor its just Amazing, hope you enjoy as much as i did : )	
Mar 14 2008 	Satisfied	Stayed three days in January 2008. The weather was great about 68 degrees. This was my first visit to NY and I'm very pleased with that.The Hotel has great location, nice rooms, very comfy beds, creaking a little bit though :) My favorite part of the stay was the Breakfast, The best breakfast i have ever had in hotels.If you are a AAA member you will get great discount when make reservation on the Hampton website!Thanks Hampton you do great job!	
Feb 14 2008 	great deal good location	My family spent 2 nights at the Hampton before Thanksgiving and were pleased with our stay. The beds were the most comfortable I have ever seen in a hotel and I wanted to keep the bedding! The breakfast was very good, with several hot items every day. The bagels are from the shop next door and are fantastic. We took some home. The neighborhood looks a bit seedy but we had no problems and the location is great. It is a quick cab ride to get anywhere. On the weekends there is a flea market in the garage across the street which was fun.  We would definately stay here again. Parking was in a lot on the corner and I believe it was $35 a day. We left the car and just picked it up when we headed home. All in all a great stay.	
Jan 24 2008 	Great Value for NYC	I've stayed at this Hampton Inn twice in 07. Once was for fun while the other was for business. Each experience was different because the purpose of my trip.In May my husband and I stayed here with 2 other couples. The location is central to seeing many of the sights in NYC. We ate shopped and did plenty of sighseeing during our 4 days here. For the value you could not go wrong for NYC. You get a free breakfast, clean but small rooms and above average service. I stayed again in August for business and had challenges using the internet which really prevented me from staying on top of things while in NYC for business. They eventually moved my room after trying for 2 nights to get the internet to work.On the morning I left a noreaster hit and it was raining buckets. The staff member walked me with an umbrella over my head to the corner to help me get a taxi since I had my suitcase with me. That was great service.I recommend this hotel to all travelers who do not need plush surrounds for a memorable trip.	
Jan 7 2008 	Great Location in Chelsea	Just returned from a 3 night stay at the Hampton Inn Chelsea. Checked in on one of the coldest days of the season and unfortunatetly, due to the cold many guests decided to take late checkout, delaying room availability. Not the hotel's fault but the delay was frustrating not to being able to change into warmer clothes to brave the outdoors. After a couple of hours in the lobby we checked in around 3:30pm, only 30 minutes after normal check-in time. Can't blame the hotel for the weather.Hotel is on west 24th St, on a block that has sort of a &quot;back alley&quot; feel with car parks all around and not much else. But once you venture to either corner, Manhattan is at your feet in all directions. Two blocks to the Flatiron Building, 10 short blocks to the Fashion District and the Empire State Building, the Villages are just a few short blocks south and everything is easily accessible with the subway just a block away from the hotel.Hotel is clean, staff quite helpful and friendly, rooms are good sized, beds are extremely comfortable and morning breakfast variety is a great way to start the day. The only hiccups during our stay were having to clean previous guests' hair from the shower before using it and a stopped up toilet on our first night (low flow toilets conserve water, but are easily clogged.) We took taxis because of the cold but the subway and walking are our usual modes of travel. I will definitely stay at the Hampton Inn Chelsea again. It's convenient, comfortable and pleasant.	
Jan 6 2008 	A fantastic base for exploring new york	we have just returned from a seven night stay at the Hampton Inn Chelsea Manhattan and would recommend it to anyone looking for a central hotel away from the bustle of the Times Square area. we booked it based on Tripadvisor reviews and were not disappointed. The room was a good size especially for new york standards and the cleanliness was excellent. The maid was wonderful and nothing was too much trouble, our three year old was taken ill whilst there and housekeeping took care of everything in the room.The staff were efficient and we found them helpful and friendly. The breakfast was ample and a variety of food was offered each morning - our one slight moan was the use of plastic cutlery and polystyrene plates - all rather wasteful, but we can see why they do that as many guests use the room to eat take away food during the day and evening and the plates and cutlery are there to be used.The location was great, very quiet, we were on the first floor but were never disturbed by noise. At the end of the street there is a whole foods market that was superb for getting snacks and a variety of food and drink. There are loads of restaurants in the area and we always felt very safe walking around.We had a superb stay and are looking forward to booking in again in the near future.	
Jan 5 2008 	nice and easy	We spent 10 days (Christmas vacations) and the place is worth it. Modern, clean, well and well managed. Size of room is good... at least much better than many hotels in NYC. Modern furniture. I assume the hotel was refurbished in the last 5 years. Free internet access in room. 3 lines of subway closeby !Only one complaint: breakfast is included in rate (and is actually very good and change everyday) BUT there is not enough place for the number of guests... so we decided to go somewhere else after 3 days waiting in line to get a table.Will definitly get back at this hotel.	
Jan 4 2008	Wonderful stay during holidays	We stayed at this hotel from Dec. 22 to the 25. It was a wonderful visit. The location was awesome, as you can read in other reviews. It has everything you need nearby. The staff was pleasant and helpful. The rooms are small but worked out fine for our family of 4. At least they have queen beds, not doubles! The only thing I would say is, being the penny pincher that I am, I wouldn't take a taxi from JFK to the hotel, like the front desk clerk suggested. It worked fine to take the subway.	
Dec 29 2007 	Clean Quiet and Comfy	We booked this hotel with my husband's Hilton Points, for our anniversary, and couldn't have been happier.We loved being a little off the beaten path - Chelsea has so much character and a lot going on, but the hotel always felt accessible and peaceful. The subway is easy to get to, and we were able to walk to the Empire State Building.Though the room was on the small side, it was well designed, and the bed was incredibly comfy. The bathroom was well appointed, and we soaked in the good-sized bath-tub every single day after walking around the city!The staff was friendly and accommodating - they didn't hesitate to hold our bags when we arrived hours before check-in time, and though breakfast was nothing fancy, it was better than your average continental breakfast. For the price and location in NYC, this hotel would be hard to beat.	
Dec 19 2007	Good hotel - staff needs work	Stayed at the Chelsea Hampton Dec 15-17th. Arrived at 11am, room not ready so the bellman checked our luggage. Got back to hotel about 3pm and checked in - no problems, given a double queen room on 19th floor. The phone was ringing as we got to our room - it was the front desk saying they had given someone else keys to our room by accident and don't be scared when they opened the door (rightttttttt). They must have caught them though since no one ever showed up. Room was tight but nice - two queens w/white duvets, nice bathroom, very small desk area and free standing closet. Seemed fairly clean except for some trash on floor and stains on drapes. View was of rooftop next door. But at $209/$169 per night I wasn't complaining. Went out for more sightseeing then back to the room about 11pm. Next day had light breakfast @ hotel, then sightseeing till about 9pm. When we got back to the hotel the room had not been made up/cleaned. Called desk and they asked what it was I wanted them to do - very rude. I asked for clean towels and someone to empty trash. Someone brought towels (no face or hand towels) and left. Got another call from front desk and ask what else I wanted - asked for trash to be emptied. They sent same guy again and he took care of it. No apology, nothing. Next morning the bill was under the door - was charged the higher rate for both nights. Took bill to desk and spoke w/Jessica who was a total b**ch! After sighing and stomping around awhile, she said to come back at checkout and she would fix it. Again, no sorry about that, nothing! Got the bill fixed finally and off to the airport. Overall, a nice hotel and good location but the staff is horrible. Our limo driver came in and asked the concierge who ordered the limo - she barked at him to ask around. We were sitting two feet away - she could have easily asked us (he obviously had a language barrier). Go ahead and book here, just don't expect warm fuzzies from anyone!	
Dec 18 2007	A very comfortable weekend!	We just returned home from a great &quot;mother &amp; daughter&quot; weekend with our girls. We'd be neglectful if we didn't mention what a comfortable stay we enjoyed and how helpful the staff was at the hotel. Hope to be back again soon!	
Dec 18 2007 	1st time visit to New York City	We enjoyed our time at the Hampton Inn. The room was quite small for a family of four since we all had luggage. But, the area was nice and close to every tourist dream. We suggest to go get a bus taxi in front of the empire state building. Its a hop on and off deal for two days. runs about 25 bucks. But, it gives you a run down of every sight near the Hampton. The service at the hotel was great. My kids loved the breakfast and the all nite long hot chocolate runs. I would recommend this hotel to a friend and first time vistor. The 99 cent store Jacks across the street came in handy for us too. Family friendly accomedations.	
Nov 16 2007 	A good choice	I have spent a week end and, to summarize :- reception and services were efficient- the size of the room are good for new york, which is quite remarquable in Manhattan- breaksfast is not exceptionnal but it will help you to avoid the starvation up to the lunch- hotel location is excellent to visit Manhattan- the room might be a bit noisy because the islotation is a bit weak between the room. If your neighbourg are noisy you might be disturbed, but for me, it was OK!A good choice for Manhattan where hotel are not perfect, I will probably come back there	
Nov 7 2007 	Great location!	I travel to NYC several times a year &amp; this was the first time I stayed at the Hampton Inn - Chelsea. I prefer to be close to the West Village &amp; this location was perfect. The Chelsea area is nice, great restaurants...be sure to visit Billy's Bakery on 9th Ave. &amp; 21st St. Easy walk to the office, just several blocks east then 18 blocks up Park Ave. to 42nd St. The hotel staff were very friendly &amp; the free breakfast was good. Comfortable beds &amp; clean room. I will definitely stay here again for my next visit to NYC.	
Nov 3 2007 	Central Location	Location - The hotel is centrally located at 108 West 24th Street between 6th and 7th Avenues. Walking time to the nearest subway (23rd Street) is 5 minutes. Empire State Building, Times Square 15 – 20 minutes.From JFK Airport in good conditions at least 35 minutes by taxi. (My return shuttle in heavy traffic took just under 2 hours).Description – a medium rise building in a relatively quiet street. No views! Hampton Inn have a corporate format for their hotels. Reception, lobby and breakfast room, although tiny, are as expected. I imagine the hotel has a large number of guests coming through its doors and there is evidence of wear and tear in the public areas.Services – Buffet breakfast and complimentary morning newspaper are included in the price. There is a good selection of hot and cold food items. Anyone with a sweet tooth will be very happy. Coffee and cookies available pretty much 24/7. No other dining facilities – but there are numerous eateries locally. There are some small convenience stores located a few blocks away and a large Whole Foods Store nearby on 7th Avenue. Guest laundry facilities, ice making, vending and fitness room are in the basement.The reception staff were helpful and recommended some local restaurants. A concierge will also provide information and advice, organise tours and tickets and reserve airport shuttles.Room – My small room was on the 6th floor. A filthy window looking out on to a stairwell with a glimpse of the sky. Tea and coffee making facilities – always welcome! Large comfortable bed overpoweringly large TV and functional bathroom and heating. Lighting was dismal! Every light had to be turned on and off individually and the design of the lampshades meant it was near impossible to get to the switch on the bed side lamps.Overview – Like all hotels in central New York it is expensive to stay here but an excellent location for a visitor with only a very short time in the city. The hotel just about conforms to the expected Hampton Inn corporate standard and no doubt will be improved to maintain its customer base.	
Nov 1 2007 	Great Hotel	I was looking for a hotel near to Greenwich Village and this one is about 15-20 minute walk. I travelled alone, so paid a higher than usual room rate, also, it was a last minute decision to go to NYC.All the staff are very friendly and I was made welcome from arrival to departure. It was a nice surprise to be told that the breakfast was included in the room rate. You can eat and drink as much as you like. It is a help yourself buffet. The room is of average size and the bed was a king, the linen and towels were spotless. Having been my first visit to New York I was apprehensive about walking out at night but, this was unfounded and I was happy to walk down the wide avenues in the early hours. I had a great time in Greenwich Village partying until the clubs and bars closed. The only down point regarding the hotel was one day on returning to my room I noticed that the maid hadn't closed the door properly after her daily clean but, lucky for me, no one had entered and taken anything !	
Oct 1 2007 	Best Location By Far	A fantastic hotel, excellent location and good value for money in Manhattan! The breakfasts were a great way to start our day, the beds were comfy, the rooms clean &amp; best of all the location was nothing short of superb.	
Sep 24 2007 	Great Hotel	We ended up staying in the Hampton Inn, by mistake, after the hotel we had booked was not habitable. How pleased and so gratetful that the staff at this hotel did their best to accomodate us at 9pm at night. I would recommend this hotel and would definitely stay there again. The staff were very friendly, helpful and very hospitable. The room was lovely and clean and extremely comfortable. The breakfasts were really good. The hotel was in a nice area and an excellent area to visit the whole of Manhattan from.	
Sep 20 2007	Great place to stay	A really friendly hotel. Staff go out of their way to be helpful.Rooms were clean and had very comfy beds. Free breakfast is a nice touch. Lots of choice and all nice and fresh.Subway very close by. Go out of the hotel and go left, and left again and you come to the&quot;1&quot; line. Only 3 stops to Times Square or 3? stops to Central Park.If you go out of the hotel and go right and right again you come to the other line(V?).Empire State Building /Madison Square Gardens within walking distance - ask at the front desk for directions.Lots of bars and restaurants round about - all a lot cheaper than Times Square area.	
Sep 20 2007 	What A Wonderful Experience	I'll definitely stay here again! The front desk employees are friendly, pleasant, helpful, nice and on-the-ball. The hotel is clean, nice, quiet and conveniently located to Chelsea, Flat Iron, Hell's Kitchen areas. The rooms are adequately equipped for business or pleasure and are very comfortable and quiet. Plus, the hotel is nicely located within quick walking distance of the subway - you can be downtown/uptown in a few minutes!	
Sep 3 2007 	Great Hotel	As expected, Manhattan hotels are expected to have small rooms at expensive prices. This one is really no different. However, aside from this little detail, we can say that this is an excellent hotel that is very well-managed. It is very conveniently located between 6th and 7th avenues in lower Manhattan. It is very easy to get to anywhere in Manhattan using either taxi or subway. The staff was extremely helpful in providing useful information, with luggage, and in arranging transportation to LaGuardia on the day of our departure. As usual for a Hampton, the breakfast is free. This was very well managed and was an excellent start to the day. As I mentioned earlier, the room cost per day was $200 to $250 (before taxes) over the four days that we stayed there. However, I did a lot of research prior to booking this room and concluded that this was really par for the course in Manhattan. It is quite possible that you could pay similar (or higher) rates elsewhere and be quite dissatisfied. I would definitely plan to stay here if we visit Manhattan again.	
Aug 5 2007 	Great Stay	We just returned from a five night stay at the Hampton Inn Chelsea. It was a very nice hotel. The room was clean and updated (the hotel is pretty new) -- our room had two queen beds (very hard to come by in NYC) and was actually quite large (for NYC). I particularly liked how they did the bed linens... the &quot;bedspread&quot; is a comforter covered with a white cotton duvet. The duvet (per the info provided by the hotel) is freshly laundered along with the other bedding for each guest. I really like this, as the bedspread in a hotel is one of the filthiest things you will come across in a room (think about it... other people sit on those things frequently while they have a bare backside! If a hotel room has a bedspread, the first thing you should do is pull it off the bed, fold it up, and lay it in the corner of the room... don't lay on it). Having a clean duvet was a nice treat. There were a few minor issues at the hotel. One night a manhole cover right outside the door &quot;popped&quot; (which apparently is not unusual in NY) with such a loud &quot;explosion&quot; that it jolted us out of bed. We watched out the window as the police and fire department showed up. A call to the front desk told us what it was and that all was normal and routine. There also was a noise issue early one morning. There is construction taking place directly across the street (a new high rise condo tower). One morning around 5 am there was a crane that was parked in the middle of the street (they had closed off the street). Not sure what all was going on, but it lasted for about 1~ 1 1/2 hours. But other than that I was totally impressed with how QUIET it was at the hotel. However, for anyone taking a trip to NYC I would recommend packing a pair of earplugs that you can pop in during the night if there happens to be unwelcome noise. The entrance to the hotel is located on W 24th St between 6th and 7th Ave. 24th is a short street and not exactly the best looking (there's a parking garage entrance and there was an unfortunate soul who slept in front of one of the buildings close to the end of the street nearer to 7th Ave). The entrance is closer to 6th Ave than to 7th and we always felt most comfortable walking to 6th and then around the block and up 23rd if we need to get to 7th Ave. Don't get me wrong... I never felt that uncomfortable on the street... after dark I just felt MORE comfortable getting to the hotel via 6th Ave up 24th. The hotel is located very close to two subway stations. The &quot;F&quot; and &quot;V&quot; lines are at the corner of 23rd and 6th Ave. Go out the hotel, turn right, then turn right onto 6th Ave. The subway entrance is down at the end of the block. Note however, that the uptown and downtown trains are different entrances. The entrance at the end of the block is for Downtown trains. If you want to go Uptown, you have to cross 6th Ave and enter on that corner (the SE corner). The &quot;1&quot; train station is at the corner of 7th Ave and 23rd street. Walk out of the hotel, turn right, then turn right onto 6th Ave. At the corner (23rd) turn right. The entrance is at the end of the block (@7th Ave.). This is the 1-2-3 line, however, only the 1 train stops at this location. The hotel has a great breakfast each morning (a huge $$ savings in NY). The bagels they serve come from the shop on the corner next to the hotel. They are awesome! If you are leaving for home right after your stay I recommend getting a dozen or so to take with you and put in the freezer when you get home. Chances are you can't get bagels like that back home (wherever home is!).	
Jul 19 2007 	Another great stay at Hampton Inn!	Stayed here 07/13 - 07/15. Everything was excellent. The front desk staff was great at check-in and check-out. Actually, was able to get into my room early, which is a PLUS! Room was very nice, with &quot;dream bed&quot; king size bed. Superb AC. Daily breakfast was good too. Eggs &amp; Sausage one day, and french toast, next day. Location was close to 6 Ave Subway, and walking distance to 7 Ave Subway and 8 Ave. too. I will be staying here again! ! ! !	
Jul 16 2007 	nice hotel nice staff	We stayed here because we wanted to stay near to our friends in NYC. At first I wasn't terribly happy with the idea, but this hotel changed my mind. The hotel is actually located about 40 blocks from central park, about a 25 minute walk to Chinatown, a bit closer to the Village and it's quite close to Madison Square Garden. It cost about $40 to get there by cab from LGA. The staff were highly motivated to ensure my stay was pleasant - everyone who worked there was very happy to help with whatever I asked for - not a common finding in a mid-priced hotel in NYC. The room itself had a king size bed, was spacious (we could open both suitcases and not have to tip toe around) and clean, but lacked an in-room safe. The bathroom was also clean, had lots of hot water and clean linens. Although a lot of rooms are squeezed in to this hotel, and it was busy when we were there, we weren't bothered by noises from the adjacent rooms. Neither were we bothered by outdoor noises; the hotel's northern side faces a somewhat decrepit building and is close to busy streets, but it didn't create problems. There isn't much to do/eat/drink immediately (say within 5 blocks) of the hotel, and I didn't see a subway stop nearby but cabs are pretty easy to get either outside the hotel or on the nearby main streets. The hotel also featured free in room internet, a free internet computer in the lobby (with printer! Great for boarding passes) and a very nice free breakfast with hot and cold dishes. Overall, the hotel had a lot of nice touches, from friendly staff to the free internet, and great rooms so I'd definately stay there again.	
May 26 2007 	Great Value Hotel	Date: May 26, 2007Reviewer: A TripAdvisor Member, London UK  We have just returned from four nights at the Hampton Inn Chelsea, Manhattan. The Hotel was great value for money - centrally placed, only 15 to 20 minutes walk from all the sights (except Ground Zero which was a little further).The hotel staff were all courteous and friendly and the complimentary breakfast was a bonus although the choice was not fantastic - but it was free! Hot and cold drinks were available 24/7The rooms were clean and comfortable. The air conditioning worked as did the plumbing and there was unlimited hot water.A bar would have been nice to come back to after a hard day's sightseeing but overall no complaints.	
May 6 2007	Best hotel staff I've ever met - no pretenses just very nice!	I'm rating this above average for the wonderful, wonderful staff. Everyone was so helpful and patient with some problems we had.However, it's small. The lobby, the elevators, the halls, the rooms - all very small. I found it a bit claustrophobic. My six-year-old could span his arms from one side of the hall to the other, and the rooms were quite small (though the bathroom was generously-sized, considering). It is a great location.If you're looking to feel welcome in what can be a cold, impersonal city, this is the place for you!	
Apr 30 2007 	Great hotel for the business traveler!	Stayed at the Hampton Inn Chelsea for one night on business.This hotel really has everything a business traveler could appreciate: a nice complimentary breakfast, business center, free highspeed internet connection, and a great location. My room was a king bed--a very comfortable bed at that and well-furnished. The Hampton had complimentary 2 bottles of Perrier sparking water and one bottle of Poland Spring still water, with 2 packages of Pepperidge Farm milano cookies by my bed. That's definitely better than chocolate mints on the pillow! The location was great--perfect to walk to &amp; fro my meeting in Midtown. I also took advantage of the Whole Foods Market a block or two away.New York City is not one of my favorite cities to visit, but my stay at the hampton inn chelsea definitely made it a lot better over all.	
Apr 27 2007 	Great Value Great Location!	My Fiance and I stayed here for 1 week in December 2006. The rooms are nothing fancy, but they were clean and all amenties worked perfectly. You couldnt ask for a better location, as it is near so many different subway stations. You walk 1-2 blocks in any direction and you can get on the subway and go anywhere in the city! There is also lots of good restaraunts in the area within walking distance. The free breakfast everymorning was VERY good, we ate downstairs everymorning and they never had the same food twice. It will save you at least $25.00 day on breakfast! Also in the lobby beside the elevator there is a machine that dispenses FREE Cappucino, Hot Chocolate and cold Lemonade. Another nice touch! When our Airport Shuttle did not arrive when we were leaving at the end of the week, the doorman Bill took care of everything. He called the shuttle company for us and complained, then walked outside and down the block with us helping us carry our luggage. He stood in the street and tried getting us a taxi. When one finally pulled over, he sent them away and told us that they wanted to charge us way to much to get to the airport. He couldnt get us a taxi, so he helped us with our luggage back to the hotel lobby. He then called a car service and arranged for Lincoln Towncar to pick us up, then payed for the ride to the airport including the tip. I would recomend staying here to anyone. All of the other staff were all friendly and helpful as well.	
Apr 16 2007 	Good Deal	Just stayed here for two nights for a birthday weekend in NYC. The hotel itself was nice. The rooms were clean and a pretty good size considering it's NYC, the lobby was nicely decorated and had internet access, and the breakfast was a step above your normal continental breakfast with hot items. Even right before 10 am when the breakfast was supposed to end, there was still plenty of food available.The only problem we had was that construction workers started dumping rocks into dumpster at 7:00 am on Saturday morning. The construction looks like it might last a while, so you may want to request a room in the back of the hotel if you plan to sleep in at all. The other tip I can give you is that the staff at the front desk recommend a parking garage over on 25th Street which costs $36 per night. I tried to park there when we arrived and the staff was rude and did not have room for my car even though the sign outside clearly stated that they had validated parking for the Hampton Inn. You will be much better off parking in the garage on 23rd Street. It's only $31 per night and the staff there were friendly. I also think this is a closer walk to the hotel too.	
Apr 4 2007 	Great Hotel for a Great Price	I have stayed in NYC a few times now. Usually I got to the Courtyard Marriott/Fifth Ave but this time I needed to save a bit of cash so I chose the Hampton Inn. I am glad I did because it was a much better value. The rooms were clean and a nice size, the staff friendly, and they offered a free continental breakfast that was really good. All this and for less than the Courtyard. Would highly recommend this hotel to others.	
Feb 13 2007	Great Little Hotel	Never having been to New York before and taking children with me, I did not really know what to expect. You assume that being America, everything will be to a good standard and I was not disappointed. The staff were friendly, the compimentary cooked breakfasts welcome and the rooms were comfortable. The location was perfect for sightseeing around New York. Located just a stone's throw from the Empire State Building and Times Square we felt we were in the heart of Manhattan. The rooms were a little on the small size for a family of 4 but who wants to spend their time in New York in their hotel room.If you are looking for a not too expensive place to stay, with plenty of complimentary amenities (consider that rare in NY), then this is the place for you.	
Jan 19 2007 	Nice stay - would recommend.	The Hampton Inn Chelsea is one of the nicer Hampton Inns I have stayed in. And, for $161 a night, a great deal in NYC. The rooms and bathrooms and the hotel in general were very clean. I was especially pleased with how helpful the staff was. (This can be a problem with even the nicest hotels in NYC (don't get me started on the Hudson).)The included breakfast was not spectacular - but the biscuits, boiled eggs and hot tea got us off to a good start. The orange juice was suprisingly good, but the scrambled eggs were not. My only compaint about the hotel is more of a question - why was the hallway somewhat &quot;unfinished&quot;? It appeared as if there was some work being done to it - but we couldn't really figure out what or why. Oh, and one more thing, the beds were very hard, but I'm used to a super deep pillow top bed, so maybe that's why it seemed so hard to me.Currently there is a LOT of construction going on across the street, so we requested a room at the back of the hotel, which was granted. We were very happy that they gave us a room at 11am, even though check-in time was not until 3pm. The subway is within walking distance and we even walked to the hotel from Penn Station (maybe 10-15 minute walk at most). There are not a ton of sights in the immediate area, but we found Chelsea to be a great mid-point location for getting to all of our favorite areas (the Village, Central Park, etc). I would definitely stay there again. Just for comparison's sake, I have often stayed in the Milford Plaza up near Times Square and never had major complaints about it, but found the Hampton to be a much more calm, clean and relaxing experience than the Milford.	
Jan 4 2007 	The perfect base to explore the city	We stayed at the Hampton Inn over xmas/new years in a King Room for 7 nights and enjoyed every minute of it.Its a smaller boutique style hotel compared to most in New York. Its a fairly standard hotel, nothing special, but nothing wrong. The perfect base to get out and explore this amazing city.Location: Its not the bright lights of mid town, but we kinda enjoyed the fact its not in the hustle around times square. Sure the street its on is a bit run down grimey etc, but it looks like its a up and coming area, but we felt completly safe, and its a nice 15-20min walk into times square, with about 1000 starbucks on the way to grab a coffee. With union square 10min walk in the other direction. One block from a subway station.Room: Large King Bed was lovely, slept really well. The room was clean, well presented and large enough. Bathroom size was ok, nothing huge, ive stayed in smaller for sure. Ask for a room on the higher floors for a view. Everything worked and looked new.Service/Hotel: The hotel staff are great, really helpful, had no problems at all. The corridors on most floors are having a makeover, but that didnt worry us. Breakfast room as stated by other reviews is kinda small, but we always got a table, and the breakfast is fine. Nice touch with the free choc biscuits etc, although we never managed to get our hands on them, damn!We would definately stay again and highly reccommend to others. Its the first time ive chosen a hotel entirely based on these reviews, and it worked out great. phew!	
Dec 21 2006 	Definitely more than a two star	My partner and I recently stayed at this hotel for a week and found it to be excellent for the price we paid.Our room was well presented, clean, comfortable and big enough for two people. The bathroom had everything we needed.Although the hot breakfast items were a bit disappointing the cold options provided enough to get us going for the day. We loved the free hot chocolates too!The staff were friendly and helpful whenever we had a question.The location was perfect for exploring all parts of Manhattan. We would highly recommend this hotel for a stay in NYC.	
Dec 20 2006 	Conveniently located comfortable hotel	We spent six nights at the Hampton Inn Manhattan Chelsea during December 2006, on our first visit to New York. We had booked a non-smoking room with two queen beds, at what was a competitive rate of approximately $260 a night including tax, and complimentary breakfast.The room was spacious enough for two people (though it'd be a tight squeeze for four) and clean and comfortable. There seemed to be adequate storage space for suitcases and clothes. Room was equipped with large TV, radio alarm clock, coffee maker, desk and chair and two telephones. Contrary to previous reviews, the beds were comfortable, although it seems they have recently been replaced. The bathroom was also clean and modern and, unlike previous reviewers, we experienced no difficulties in getting hot water in the shower at any time of the day!We found the location to be ideal - a walk of around 15 minutes to Times Square, and around 10 minutes to Penn Station, Macy's, the Empire State Building, etc. Also, there are a number of subway stations nearby on West 23rd Street. The area seemed safe - at no point did we feel threatened walking around the locality. There is a lot of construction work going on - it certainly seems to be an up and coming area. The staff were very helpful and courteous and were willing to provide information and directions to local attractions.The included breakfast was adequate - not amazing, but edible! It is a self-service buffet with polystyrene plates and plastic cutlery, but that didn't bother us. There aren't many tables, but we never arrived to find no space for us.I would gladly stay at this hotel again if rooms were available for the right price and feel it provided us with a good base to explore the amazing city of New York from.	
Dec 16 2006 	pleasant experience	this is a great hotel if you're on business, or even just a weekend getaway. if you're looking for bright lights, and the hustle and bustle of the city, then stay further uptown. overall, i was pleased with the level of customer service provided. the rooms were clean and free of problems, and the breakfast was great. I would stay here again.	
Nov 29 2006	Cold shower	Stayed for business, and it's fine for that purpose. The neighborhood's not as bad as others have said - you have to expect grit in NYC. Agree that the wardrobe closet is not well designed, but that's easy enough to work around. My problem was the water - it took forever to heat up. I called guest services after 10 minutes of letting it run, and the woman who answered was not helpful at all - said nobody else was complaining and just to let it run some more. I did, called back, and she was rather annoyed. I finally resolved myself to taking a lukewarm shower, and by the time I had finished, it had finally heated up. The one plus was the free Internet service. No wireless, though. Entire staff, with exception of &quot;guest services&quot; was very, very helpful. From giving directions to hailing cabs, etc. Note: it would be a litle hard to catch a cab in bad weather, as it's situated on a side street - we walked to the corner to a busier street to catch one. Fine for today, but would not be fun in rain or wind.	
Nov 27 2006	OK but far from wonderful	This is a serviceable businessman's hotel, but it's not without its problems. For $350 a night, I'd expect:- a place to store clothes other than one closet rod and one too-high shelf- a TV set manufactured in this millennium, which doesn't take up most of the desk and doesn't completely block the coffee maker- furniture free of screw holes and gouges- a wardrobe closet assembled by someone with a prefrontal lobe and opposable thumbs- less mildew in the bathroom- functional drains- enough space so that the comfy chair is actually usable, without first removing one's knees- less-repulsive breakfast food – the factory-made fried eggs were horrifying just to look out (although the cold options were fine)It would also be nice to have an in-room safe, and sheer curtains.On the plus side, the staff is great and the all-day coffee and evening cookies are a nice touch. But there must be better alternatives at this price...	
Nov 20 2006 	Just like other Hamptons but in NYC	I stayed here with my girlfriend for a Saturday night in November '06 and have to say that I agree with the previous reviewers who mention the hard beds, though I slept just fine. We used 35,000 Hilton points for our stay because the rates were well north of $300/night had we wanted to pay for it.The service was fine, the location was good -- we were able to park down the street, and I would say that anyone who thinks the street is rundown or dangerous clearly doesn't know Manhattan very well. This area is good because you're within 20 minutes' walking distance from Times Square, less from Penn Station / Madison Sq Garden, and yet you don't have the hassle or prices that are involved with staying up there. You're also very close to the Subway which can take you anywhere you want to go in the whole area. The breakfast here was tasty, though I would say they had hot items, but no rolls or danishes as I've had at other Hampton Inns. The free internet worked fine, and the room was pleasant. The room we had was extraordinarily quiet and free of street noise (on the 10th floor) compared to other hotels I've stayed in in Manhattan. Overall, I would say the Hampton Inn Chelsea offers exactly what's advertised...consistent Hampton Inn-like accomodations, but in Manhattan. If you can get it for under $200, it's a pretty good deal. Enjoy.	
Nov 12 2006 	An Arctic experience...	This is one of the rare instances where I decided to book this hotel based on the generally positive reviews on the site but got disappointed in the end. We checked in in late Oct as the hotel rates are terribly expensive for other four to five star New York hotels. First impressions: The lobby was ok, and the receptionist and check-in was relatively smooth. However, we had big problems with the following:- very weak signals on the TV which produced nothing but buzzing sounds whenever we switched it on;- an Arctic temperature within the room. The thermostat was fixed at 70F but no matter how high we tried adjusting it, the temperature refused to rise. This is despite two maintenance personnel coming into the room to check it. We had to wear jackets inside the room the next morning;- an intrusion into the room at 4am in the morning by an unknown person, which my friend scared away by shouting from his bed. We concluded that it has to be a hotel staff since it's quite unlikely that another guest would come into our room by mistake due to the individually programmed keys;- my friend, who drove to the hotel, being verbally coerced by the &quot;parking valet&quot; opposite the hotel (a run-down block which inspires visions of an abatoir) to pay up $28 for the parking fee (instead of the $18 which was advised by the front desk) in order to get his car. I wasn't there to witness it, but it went something along the lines of &quot;Yes, it's $28, so do you still want your car or not?&quot;We checked out the next morning.In general, the hotel's location is not exactly in the middle Chelsea, and the surroundings are grim and scary at night. Plus points are the presence of Whole Foods markets and ATMs about one block away. I would recommend this hotel only if you are going for a budget holiday in summer in New York.	
Nov 12 2006	Had I slept it would have been nice!	Coming to New York for the first time, I looked for a hotel that was less than $400.00 per night and in a decent location.I found the Hampton Inn Chelsea through a recommendation.The property is located in a grimey neighborhood. Looking out the window, the only view is of grafitti-lined buildings and, well, trash on the street.The building itself looks new and is in great condition. The night time desk staff were extremely helpful but the day time females were indifferent to every customer. It seemed as if I was bothering them by asking questions. This is in opposition to the night time staff that took time to print out menus and make recommendations for me.The neighborhood seemed safe enough, and I wasn't afraid to walk through at night.The room was nice and very clean. It was on the small side, but huge compared to European standards. The pillows were great, and so were the sheets.My main complaint is about the bed. Laying on the bed, one was reminded of a piece of wood covered by a sheet. It was hard....VERY hard. Reading through reviews, I can't believe I am the only person that has had problems sleeping on this bed. I'm a side sleeper, and had to change positions every 20 minutes because my arms and side would go numb.When I mentioned this to a staff member, he said that this was a common complaint and that in about a month they would be getting the new Hampton Inn matresses. These are supposedly the most comfortable available. However, they're not installed yet. I questioned why Hampton would have installed these horrible matresses in the first place, and no answer was known.I was supposed to stay for seven nights and ended up leaving after the first. Overall, if you're wanting a nicer visit, stay elsewhere. I was lucky to get a good rate for my visit, but with the rates going up to over $400.00 (as I heard the desk person telling a walk-in customer) I would recommend paying a little more at a better hotel to get many more services and amenities. Oh yeah...and a bed that you can sleep in.	
Nov 4 2006 	Great Hotel Good Value Good Location	Stayed here for a couple of days in October. OK, the room wasn't massive, but we were looking for somewhere clean and reasonable to rest our head. The room was modern and the bed comfortable. The TV had a variety of channels available including a number of film channels.An added bonus was the free breakfast, which was adequate and set us up for the day (bagels, cereals, pastries, juice, coffee and a different hot selection everyday - there was the option of french toast, eggs and bacon one day and scrambled eggs and waffles on another).I think there were a number of subway stops near by but we mainly walked or took taxis as they were so cheap.Also a good variety of restaurants nearby, and we also took in the Gotham Comedy Club which is round the corner.I have also been to NYC a number of times, so was able to navigate my way round the city - I'm not sure if a first timer would it enjoy their stay here.Also, there is some construction work going on across the street - a bit of an eyedore, but we never heard any of the work, so the hotel must have good double glazing!Would definately stay there again.	
Oct 30 2006 	Good all-purpose accommodation	What do you want from a New York hotel? Style, swanky location, trendy fellow-guests? Stay elsewhere. If, however, you're just looking for a pleasant, and friendly, place to stay – either as a business or leisure traveller - you won't do much better.It's important to realise that Chelsea is not an 'obvious' location. Not trendy, like SoHo, or smart, like the Upper East Side. That’s part of a its charm: it's rather 'real' (and, yes, slightly gritty).The hotel itself is rather indeterminate-modern, but clean, friendly and well-equipped. It was ideal for a family visit to New York, but would be suitable for anyone who was looking for a practical place to stay. The breakfast room, if rather crowded, is quite a nice touch too.We went on a family visit	
Oct 7 2006 	Great Stay	We had a great stay in August 2006. The rooms and baths were very clean and the beds were comfortable. There are subways near by to take you anywhere in the city. The breakfast bar and coffee were an added benefit. I would recommend this for people traveling children and teenagers.	
Oct 4 2006 	Nice	I stayed at the Hampton Inn on the fourth of July. There are many bars and delis in the area. I would recommend this hotel for it's location, as you are able to walk outside, and not immediately be in the swarm of people. Subways are located in the area, which enables you to travel everywhere.	
Aug 15 2006	Exceptional staff! Conveniently located.	I recently stayed at this Hampton Inn and I must say that I was extremely impressed with the staff. I was very pleased with their attitude and service. They all seemed to want guests to have the best experience possible. The bellman walked our suitcases to the corner when we left so he could load them into a cab for us. The manager and front desk people could not have been nicer.Yes, the single bed rooms are small, but you must remember that this is NYC after all. The breakfast room can be crowded or not - it just depends on the day. The coffee was fresh and they offered a nice variety of breakfast items. A great way to start the day.The bathrooms were nice, water pressure was good and my room on the ninth floor was very quiet.The hotel is conveniently located right off Sixth Ave. in an area that is in transition. Construction was going on right across the street. Do not expect the Waldorf - this is a very hospitable Hampton Inn. I would definately stay again.	
Aug 10 2006 	Why do people love this hotel so much???	I read the reviews for this hotel with some amazement. While I don't necessarily disagree with some of them, I find them to be overly &quot;gushing&quot; in their praise for what is essentially a roadside motel that's been crammed into a highrise.At check-in, the clerk admitted that our reservation hadn't been properly handled (partner is a Hilton diamond member) but we still got a room...805. It is very small, not particularly well furnished, and featured an incredibly LUMPY comforter that obviously had been washed/dried when it shouldn't have been. It was the oddest thing I've seen in a hotel room!Typical Hampton amenities: plastic cups and ice bucket, etc. Breakfast was available but the breakfast room is ridiculously overcrowded and unstaffed.Free high speed internet (yay!) and decent bathroom toiletries made up somewhat for the general low-quality furnishings, HARD and uncomfortable bed and really marginal location (not really in Chelsea despite the name!) on a particularly grimy street.We love New York and love Chelsea but doubt I would choose the Hampton again. I must add that we used HHonors points for the stay so it was a good &quot;free&quot; value. However, the Waldorf Astoria was available for just a few points more! We chose the Hampton because of location. Next time, we'll use the pts to upgrade to another Hilton/Doubletree property.	
Jul 27 2006 	A Gem In Manhattan!	I could not say better things about this hotel, and it was difficult to find something negative to say.Our room (#1905) was spacious, by Manhattan's or by any other city's definition of the word. For our week's journey, we had a large closet for our clothes and oversized suitcase, a desk, a well-apportioned King-Sized bed, and a bathroom that was very workable. The hotel's water pressure was just lovely, and we had what seemed like a neverending flow of hot water the whole time. The TV system was quite serviceable; however, and if I could have a complaint here, they have no interactive TV service to view your bill or checkout, though express checkout is available (and they do leave your bill under your door upon checkout day).The view of the Empire State Building was just lovely as well from our room!We thought one of the best features of this hotel was the elevator system! We had stayed in larger Manhattan hotels in the past where the elevators were an absolute nightmare. A visit to a local hotel here in FL, a journey to the fourth floor took minutes to ascend to this mediocre height. However, from Floor 1 to Floor 19 in the Hampton Inn Chelsea took mere seconds!Another lovely perk is breakfast. While having a standard continental/pastry/bagel selection, they offered eggs and a meat-based protein every day of our visit. Additionally, some items such as french toast and waffles popped up occasionally. This really helped provide us a great start to the rest of the day.There have been some comments about the neighborhood's safety, but we felt no such concern. This is Chelsea, and a few years ago, many people would not even come here due to its dubious character. Over time, this is becoming more residential, with very colorful residents moving in and taking advantage of (what used to be) very inexpensive real estate. With the real estate boom, the neighborhood is getting rebuilt with $500K+ apartments/condos, and rents are skyrocketing. Why not? This hotel is within a comfortable walking distance of Penn Station/Madison Square Garden, and Empire State Building. Also, there's the PATH, as well as a few subway lines within a block's walk. We found this not only extremely convenient but safe to use as well. For the money (we had a rate of $180/night), you could not ask for a better value for even $100 more here in Manhattan. This is truly a gem of a place and worth it for location, comfort, and convenience.	
Jul 22 2006 	Such a nice stay	My friends and I had two rooms for a long weekend, and had just a wonderful stay... the staff was exceptional, especially the bell staff - very helpful with suggestions, got us taxis as needed, and always inquired about our day. The free breakfast was excellent, with plenty of fresh fruit &amp; hot entrees, plus great NY bagels. The beds were perfect, with fluffy comforters. The rooms were nice, clean, not fancy, but definitely better than expected, and the location was wonderful. A block to Whole Foods, a block to Starbuck's, and just a taxi ride away from everything. I highly recommend this if it fits your budget - you can't go wrong.	
Jul 14 2006 	A Pleasant Surprise in Chelsea	This is a good bet if you want a nice clean room with a great bed at a very fair price. I would recommend it for second time New York visitors, as it is a but out of the way from Times Square/5th Avenue. I was there on business, and found it clean, good airconditioning, excellent free Internet access and decent size room by New York standards. If you are a subway person, you can get anywhere from here.Unlike other comments, I don't think it was an unsafe neighborhood (I am a single woman traveller in her forties); just not the Disneyland quality of Times Square or the poshness of Uptown. I love NY and this area felt very neighborhoody to me. I went to a Broadway show on a Tuesday night and walked home from the subway in safety (no bums, no ontoward approaches; lots of couples and solo family-types walking around at 11 at night.)Don't settle for the first room they assign you if you don't like it; I would recommend asking for a high floor (above 10th) and one of the front rooms with a view. They first assigned me to a handicapped room on the fourth floor which had a HUGE airconditioning noise (maybe they think people with handicaps are always deaf!); then to a second story room right over the entrance which was WAAAAYYY too close to the street; and then finally to a nice room on the 11th floor (1104) on the front.Like I said, bed was very comfy, bathroom small but very clean, closet space serviceable, water presure varied, doors to the rooms slam very loud and can wake you; tv was a bit dated and the remote/volume went from off to very loud; would've been nice to have pay-per-view movies; elevators sometimes slow; lunch/breakfast room very nice; in room fridge would have been really nice.Front desk was overall very nice (especially Joyce and Alex); bell captain ordered me a great town car service to JFK for $45.This was a strong 3 star hotel experience; four stars in comparison to other New York City nightmare hotels. And their prices are very, very good.I would and will return.	
May 27 2006	Lots Of Positives	My first impressions of the hotel were not good as I had asked for a room with a view but all I got was a brick wall across the way! Anyway I didn't complain as I wasn't there to admire the view from my window!After that things picked up. I cannot complain about the room which had everything I needed, the beds were really comfortable and the bathroom was nice also. Rooms were cleaned every morning which was great.There were also the added benefit of the free breakfast which although catered for Americans (not surprisingly) it was great to be able to eat all you wanted and also take some for your lunch later that day! Two meals saved!Free iced tea and lemonade was also available from the lobby 24hrs a day.Hotel staff were very friendly and helped with all queries in a polite manor.Hotel location was great. Walking to Times square is a nice 10 minute strool past the Empire State building and Macys (6 minutes walk), where you can get on the sight seeing buses. I didn't have any need to use the subway apart from taking it to the Staten Island ferry. If you need it a stop is one street away.If it wasn't for the poor view from my room the hotel would get a 5 so I rate it a very respectable 4/5, but I know that they cannot accomadate everyone with a good view seeing as it coprises 20 floors.All in all if your looking for a reasonably priced hotel in New York you won't go far wrong booking with the Hampton Inn - Chelsea.	
May 22 2006	great hotel!	We were there for a weekend and usually like to stay at more 'fancy' places, but got a special through a friend. This hotel is in a great location, very central to everything (a whole foods market just around the corner)! The personnel is very friendly and the room (while unfortunately, it smelled like smoke) pleasant, with lots of amenities that you don't necessarily get even from better hotels! The bed was ultrasoft and the complimentary breakfast fresh with lots of choices and I loved that you could have all day long ice-tea, cappucino or hot chocolate in the lobby. Overall a great value!	
May 13 2006	Great Hotel Highly Recommended!	I stayed there in mid April 2006 with my wife for 5 nights and everything was great. The room is not tiny like other rooms in new york, the bed was really comfortable, the room was very clean and the hotel staff was friendly and helpful. The hotel class is defiantly more than 2 stars, for my opinion it should be at least 3.5 stars.	
Apr 20 2006	Excellent hotel	Stayed at the Hampton Inn Manhattan Chelsea for 4 nights in Feb06 and really I can't fault the hotel! Free breakfast is a complete bonus in New York as normally it isn't included in the rates and rooms are spacious and modern as the hotel is only open a couple of years. Free tea/coffee available all day too.Everything was well kept, good selection of toiletries in the bathroom and I even had a view of the Empire State Building from my room! Staff are pleasant and friendly and the hotel is within walking distance to all the major attractions. All in all, a great place to stay while in New York and I'd be happy to stay there again on my next visit. Easily a 3*+ hotel.	
Apr 18 2006	comfortable hotel	My family stayed here for two nights early April.The hotel is quite small but very comfortable.There is no restaurant or bar inside the hotel but there is a small breakfast area which provides a continental style buffet breakfast free of charge.During the day urns of tea coffee and hot chocolate are available for guests,free of charge.Bedrooms are clean and well equipped.Plenty of hot water and fresh white towels along with complimentary toiletries as well as cofee maker. It is a good 25 min walk into Times Square,we found the area close by to the hotel a little quiet and isolated at night which made us feel a little unsafe. Staff at the hotel were very friendly and take pride in making sure the hotel is run succesfully.Overall we had a pleasant stay but if we return to N.Y. we will definately stay somewhere more central and in a more pleasant and safer area.	
Apr 17 2006	Highly Recommended!	My wife and I stayed at the Hampton Inn April 7-9. I had prepared myself for a mediocre hotel but we were both delighted with our experience! It is not big, and the rooms, while small, are completly comfortable for two adults. Very clean and quiet. I would stay here again.	
Apr 3 2006	100% recommended wouldn't stay anywhere else!!!!	Me &amp; a friend stayed in this lovely hotel from 17th mar/06 for 8 nights. I have nothing but good words to say from the politeness of the staff to the free buffet breakfast. We felt extremely safe in the hotel &amp; in the surrounding areas. The empire state &amp; macy's is just a 10min walk up 6th ave &amp; if you walk down 6th ave for approx 90 mins you'll eventually reach Ground Zero (you can always jump in a cab for $8 but we got to experience Greenwich Village &amp; Little Italy so you really dont realise you've been walking for so long). Any sightseeing trips you'd like to know about ask &quot;Ricky the bell hop&quot; who will be only too glad to book them for you &amp; give you sound advise. If you're too tired to eat out of a night ask at reception for a selection of take away menus &amp; call out free from your room. My overall opinion on this hotel is &quot; you'd be crazy to go anywhere else&quot;. Do yourself a favour &amp; don't hesitate to book a room here I promise you won't regret it!!!!	
Mar 24 2006	Fantastic 100% Guys	Well what can I say! Fantastic Hotel, as a Travel Agent I am hard to Impress but the staff at this hotel done just this. &quot;Spotless&quot; this would describe our room on arrival and every morning after the domestic had been in! The breakfast in the morning is more than enough to start your day in the busy city and is of a high quality! The location is spot on with some rooms haing a view of the Empire State building, 6 mins walks you to the Flat Iron builng and a further 5 to the Empire State Building, 15 mins will walk you to Times Square however if you cant be bothered with walking there is a few undrground stations close at hand ideal or going downtown!If you want to know something ask the door man??? If he dont know! well it was not worth knowing in the first place!Would I go back to stay again? Yes!	
Mar 20 2006	loved hamptoninn	very good location.the room was small ( but who stays in the room the whole day !! we were back only at nights and slept right away ),but it was cleaned daily.the breakfast is a big big plus,it saves a lot of time and refreshes you for the day ahead. the staff was very friendly. in short, we wld absolutely stay at this hotel again.	
Mar 20 2006	Good base to start exploring New York City	I stayed here for 5 nights with my girlfriend. The location is very close to the subway where it can take you uptown or downtown. From here you can get to anywhere in Manhattan quite easily.There are not much nice restaurants around the hotel, but you can quickly go elsewhere via subway.The rooms are small, but more than adequate. Breakfast was very good and was included in the price. The breakfast area was very small and during peak times may be hard to find a table. The serving area was also small, so expect to get friendly with other visitors. :) Breakfast included hot food, fruit, pasteries, muffins, ceral, bread, bagels and numerous spreads. We grabed a few extra fuits and muffins for the day. Internet access was also included in the price.The hotel is faily new and was very pleasant to stay in. Would stay here again.	
Feb 20 2006	Great Find	Centrally located...great rooms....great AM buffet....very friendly staff....overall great experience and would definitely stay there again.	
Feb 13 2006	Great Value in Manhattan!	My husband &amp; I stayed at the Hampton Inn Chelsea for 3 nights in December. The hotel is conveniently located, clean &amp; modern. It was half(!) the price of the hotel where we usually stay in midtown, which had raised their rates for the Christmas season. Close to subway (7th Ave &amp; 6th Ave.), and taxi's. Safe neighborhood. The neighborhood is a little lacking in restaurants within walking distance, but a quick subway or taxi ride away from the best that New York has to offer. I'm a frequent New York visitor and would definitely stay at the Hampton Inn Chesea again.	
Jan 11 2006	Fantastic hotel fantastic staff	My mum &amp; I stayed at the Travel Inn, Chelsea for 6 nights at the beginning of December 05. The hotel in itself is a lovely boutique-type hotel, lovely, spacious rooms with complimentary toiletries, extremely quiet at night despite being on the corner of 6th Avenue. ALL of the staff were more than helpful in every way. They really went out of their way to accommodate any requests. The complimentary breakfast is also a plus - bagels, toast, scones, cereal, eggs, bacon, fruit, juices, tea &amp; coffee. It's location is also very good. There is an uptown and a downtown subway station 2 mins away from the hotel. CVS Pharmacy across the road on 6th Ave which sells just about everything. Shopping on 6th Avenue is also great - there is an Old Navy down at 18th Street and a fantastic TJ Maxx (equivalent of UK's TK Maxx) a few more blocks down. Bargains galore.I would return to this hotel in a heartbeat....You cannot go wrong with this hotel.	
Jan 8 2006	I'd stay here again	Clean rooms. Clean bathroom. The usual abundant Hampton Inn breakfast buffet. My room was quiet. I noticed the ice machine was crammed in this little nook that was 12 inches away from the door of another room. I sure would not want that room!My bedroom did not have those new Hampton Inn &quot;Cloud Nine&quot; mattresses, but it was a solid and adequate mattress.Neighborhood was nice. Great subway access. It is a one minute walk to the 6'th avenue line, and a 5 minute walk to the 7'th avenue line. Convenient CVS drugstore very close. Unlike most Hampton Inns, this hotel had a Bellman. We checked out of our room in the morning and left our bags there. We toured some museums and picked up our bags at 5:00 PM.	
Dec 21 2005	Hampton Inn good hotel experience	My friend and I stayed in NYC for a week in June 2005 -- we'd been there for a week also in 2001 and stayed in a different hotel. This time the travel agent recommended the Hampton Inn Chelsea. We wanted to stay in the Chelsea area again because we loved it -- felt completely safe, and it has such a vibrant atmosphere. Plus we walked from top to bottom of Manhattan from there so found it pretty central. The hotel was excellent for our needs -- not expensive by NYC standards, very clean, friendly staff, excellent (although at times crowded) included breakfast -- everything we needed, and I'd definitely stay there again.	
Dec 21 2005 	Outstanding	Great location. Great Staff. Whole Foods nearby. Subway around corner. Two gyms (Bally's and private gym) within 5 mins walk. Large rooms (for NY, free wireless high speed and breakfast. Great value for NYC. I would totally recommend this for a personal or business trip to NY. I stay at this property approx 10 times per year.	
Dec 12 2005	Recommend the Hampton Inn	Just had four nights at the Hampton Inn Manhattan/Chelsea which is situated on 24 Street between 6/7 Avenue.Quiet location. Pleasantly surprised by bedroom/bathroom as of a very good standard and well maintained (cleaned and towels changed daily). Reception staff friendly and helpful. Location good as about a 15 minute walk to Empire State building/Macey's etc. Bit of a distance to Time Square/Central Park/Statue of liberty etc but the taxis are cheap or you can use the subway.Breakfast included in the price-it was ok although the breakfast bar is on the small side so was a little crowded. Although happy with the hotel I thought it was a little pricey, however, we were told that this is the most expensive time of the year. Would return to the Hotel and recommend it to you.	
Nov 19 2005	Good buy and good location	Just got back from a few days in New York. Good location and very friendly, helpful staff. The breakfast was much better than anticipated so a nice surprise. Got a great rate through AAA too! Would definitely stay here again and recommmend it highly.	
Nov 18 2005	Good value for money hotel	We have just returned from our trip to New York and we stayed at the Hampton Inn. The hotel was a nice find very clean and really helpfull staff. The bell man Ricky was a star when we needed to book transport to various locations. The brakfast was fab and really helped to get the day started loads to choose fron and plenty of it. There was also complimentry coffe and soft drinks available 24hrs which was a godsend at the end of a hetic day. Rooms were spotless and spacy.Location was ok but at the end of a long day 24th street is a long way down from the shops.	
Oct 30 2005	Great Hotel...Best Value In Manhattan	We've just returned from NYC, my party and I loved this hotel. Despite the moderate star rating as indicated by the travel operator, this location exceeded my expectations. The rooms were modern and clean, the staff friendly and personable, and the deluxe B.Fast Bar was fantastic. As a Travel Consultant I'm normally reluctant to stay or recommend properties three star or less. I would never hesitate to sell this location to my clients and would definately use the Hampton Inn Chelsea again for my family and I. In fact, I'm planning to escort a small tour group to NYC in the spring and this property is on the top on my list. Hope you enjoy this location as much as we did!	
Oct 27 2005	No problems	Stayed here for 2 nights in mid October. Staff were very helpful/friendly and the rooms were like a good Holiday Inn in UK. Good standard of decore and the inclusive continental breakfast a bonus. Within easy walking distance of all the shops and sights around Times Square. Would definitly stay here again although a bit pricey.	
Oct 10 2005 	great hotel!	I stayed at this hotel 5 nights and I loved it.The room was clean, the view was great (I saw the Empire State Building and the Crysler building), and the breakfast was really good.The staff was very nice. The location of the hotel at 24 th at 6 th avenu is very good. Short distance to the big shops on 34 th street and not so far away from soho. I personally like 6 th avenu better then the other avenues because it's a little less crowded.For those who smoke, beware there is a rat in the back yard, but hey this new york! I would like to stay there again and I would recommend this hotel to my friends.	
Sep 5 2005	Great Hotel	I stayed at this hotel for 6 nights in August and then travelled around the East coast and this was by far the best hotel that I stayed in. The rooms were big and clean with spacious beds. The breakfast was a very plesant surprise as I had not expected such a big choice. I really cannot say enough about how nice this hotel was and how pleasant and friendly the staff were. The laundry facilities are also a great service. I would have no hesitation in staying here again or recommending this to my friends.	
Jul 29 2005 	Horrible Stay	All I can say is never again. I've tried staying at this hotel 3 times and 3 times I have been reloacated to another hotel because the Hamptom Inn was oversold. The staff is probably the most unproffesional I have ever seen. The housekeepers were hanging out, sitting in the hallways after they fininshed cleaning rooms. There was a tour group at the hotel and the bellman delivering the bags to these folks was walking around wearing a 'wife-beater' t-shirt. On my 2nd trip there, after I got back from where the hotel initally relocated me from, I was checked into a dirty room. That really was not a big deal considering I was on my way out. But, when I got back to the hotel later that evening, the room was still not cleaned. Instead of having the room cleaned, the woman at the front desk offered to send up new linens and toiletries becasue the hskping staff was gone for the day. Well, the good thing about this was, since I was a Hilton Honors member, the folks at Hilton Honors refunded my whole stay. I have found out that this is a Hilton property in namesake only. It is owned by a private corp. Well, the staff needs to be re-trained.	
Jun 27 2005	Good value in NYC	A nice small hotel that offers good value and has made the most its limited space. Rooms are clean and pleasantly decorated in a contemporary style; rooms with two double beds are quite generous by Manhattan standards. Reasonable rates include a decent continental breakfast and morning USA Today newspaper on weekdays; coffee and juice are available during the day, too. Parking is available at a nearby lot. A Whole Foods market at the end of the block has a good salad/takeout section. Nearby neighborhood flea markets are fun on the weekend. Hotel is located 10 blocks south of Macy's and Penn Station, and it's also an easy walk to the always enteraining ABC Carpet/Furnishings.	
Jun 8 2005	Clean quiet comfortable	This hotel was clean, quiet, comfortable, and well decorated. The staff was competent, courteous, and professional. The snack and water bottle left in the room was a nice touch, and the free breakfast was decent. The location can't be beat. A little pricey, but if you can get a deal or a special, it is well worth it.	
Jun 7 2005	Fabulous Hotel	The rooms are immaculately clean and have a very cool chic &amp; trendy look. Linens were fresh and very clean.The free morning breakfast is great. The staff is superb. From the front desk to the bell hop our every need was met. I have stayed there three times now and have made the Hampton Inn - Chelsea my hotel when I travel to NYC. :-)I LOVE THIS PLACE	
May 5 2005	Terrific hotel!	Just spent 2 nights at this wonderful hotel in a good neighborhood (West 24th St, off 6th Ave.) With a good chain you know what to expect, and this exceeded all expectations. Comfortable beds, very clean, excellent shower, and outstanding buffet breakfast (included) with hot and cold selections in a lovely breakfast room with outside patio. Subway around the corner. Good restaurants. We had to be near St. Vincent Medical Center for family surgery. It is 12 short blocks away or 1 subway stop. Nothing in NY is cheap, but we felt that this was well worth the money. Will definitely return.	
Apr 27 2005	I heart NY!!!	We visited New York for a long weekend at the end of April and the only word to describe it is amazing! The Hampton Inn had not been our original choice but due to a mix up with our original hotel we were sent here.At first the location appears to be a little out of the way however if you are wanting to explore the whole of New York it is an ideal location as it is close to subway stations and is pretty central to both the financial district and times square, empire state etc.The staff were very friendly and extremely helpful throughout our stay. The room was very clean and surprisingly big after reading general reviews of New York hotels. There were many added bonuses some of which being a complimentary buffet breakfast, just what you need before a day of walking! There was also complimentary drinks all day and top that cookies!!!I would advise anyone who is looking for a nice friendly base for exploring to stay here.	
Feb 15 2005	Nice property	I have stayed here quite a few times and agree with most of what the other reviewers have said, but have a couple small points some of the others missed.The Enterprise Rent-a-Car next door is a great asset because it is a huge hassle to rent a car in the city most of the time. The convenience of this location is great.Request a room away from the ice machine because for many of the rooms it will be right outside (like a foot away!) the door and you hear every person from 2 floors worth of rooms getting their ice as it clunk clunk clunks into their ice bucket.I found the rooms to be smallish and even the hallways tight, as the property was built on a small footprint but the rooms are great and quite well appointed with all of Hampton's new amenities like lap desks and curved shower rods.If you are planning to enjoy the Chelsea night life this place is a 5-10 minute walk from all the fun places and is a great base of operations.I have also stayed a lot at the Four Points on the next street, and prefer it a bit over the Hampton mainly because the Four Points is more hip and has a fun vibe going on in the lobby, but you cannot go wrong with either of these hotels.Each time I have come back the staff has acknowledged me as a repeat guest and welcomed me back. Nice touch.Highly recommended.	
Jan 20 2005	Great option in Chelsea	We stayed here for a long weekend in December 2004. We arrived at 9:30 AM Friday and our room was already ready! The staff was super friendly too. The room was cute: not huge, but more than sufficient, with a great bed, great linens and very clean. Great bath products too! The breakfast was solid for one that was included, and the coffee was great (and available all day!) Our only issue (and it was a small one!) was that breakfast stopped at 9:00 AM which seemed a bit early for a hotel that was filled with tourists (and when you want to explore the Chelsea night life!) We like to stay out of the hubub of mid town and this has been one of the best places we have stayed in Chelsea.	
Dec 31 2004	Convenience and value	Good location for walking in all directions. Excellent shopping on Sixth Ave without the crowds of 5th Ave. Clean, sleek modern hotel. We had two double beds and a view of the Empire State Building (lit in red and green for the holidays). We will stay here again on our next visit.	
Dec 27 2004	Solid Bang for the Buck	The staff - check-in, maintenance, breakfast room and bell hop - were all friendly and engaging. Although the room is on the small side, it was pretty standard for NYC. The hotel is probably not more than 2 years old and was in fine shape. Although we had a slight problem closing our window, maitenance was on it within minutes of being notified. The location was within a few blocks of several subway lines and the complimentary breakfast was even more of a treat considering what it would have cost us in that city to get equal fare in a restaurant. The only negative to be had was the sounds of hallway activity were quite noticable. Regardless, I would definitely recommend staying here.	
Nov 26 2004	really good !	we really enjoyed satying at the Hampton Inn. Good location. good neighborhood, close to subways stations. Good breakfast service. We also really like the setting of the room. Of course you could be disturb by the traffic noises at night, but hey ! this is New York City !Definitely recommended !	
Nov 24 2004	Wonderful New York Experience	This was my first real trip to New York. The Hampton Inn was just one of the many excellent choices we made in the city. The hotel staff was extremely nice and helpful. The hotel is very clean. Subway is right around the corner. And we took the subway and buses EVERYWHERE, including the airport. (Be sure and purchase the 7 day metro pass for $21 for unlimited access on public transportation.) The hot breakfast was great and included eggs, sausage, bagels, toast, and fruit - kept us from spending big bucks. We had wonderful meals at the Malibu Diner around the corner. Meals included soup, salad, and huge entree for about $12. Say &quot;hi&quot; to George and Lisa if you go, and tell them the gals from Atlanta sent you. Another excellent dining choice included Maison (down the street from the Ambassador Theatre). The Ambassador is where we saw &quot;Chicago&quot; and met Wayne Brady...great show and great guy! We went ice skating at Rockefeller and went to the David Letterman show. I would definitely pay the $22 to skate again, but would skip the free taping of the David Letterman show (just not worth the time or effort). Rupert at the Hello Deli near the Ed Sullivan theatre was not so great either. Skip Chinatown for fake bags and jewelry and hit Broadway between 27th and 30th for a much cheaper, nicer quality option. Everyone we met in New York was so nice (except for the one bus driver that took us to the airport on our last day). People EAGARLY gave us directions and recommendations for places to visit and eat. We will definitely be back and will stay at the Hampton Inn.	
Nov 23 2004	pleasantly pleased	We were very pleased with our accomodations. Having stayed in other New York hotels, we were pleasantly surprised by the attentive staff, clean rooms, and decent size rooms. We will definately be back! Overall, a great experience!	
Nov 18 2004	Very pleased with the Hampton Inn	With some nervousness my wife and I along with another couple who were celebrating their 50th Anniversary boarded the train in New Hampshire for New York. It was raining upon arrival and we thought we were taking a taxi from Penn Station to the Hampton Inn but it turned out it was a Limosine and the driver charged us $40.00. When we departed we took a Yellow Cab and he charged us $5.00 to go from the Hotel to Penn Station so visitors should ensure they take a Yellow Cab. We took Yellow Cabs frequently and were pleased they took the most direct routes and were very courteous getting us to our destination at a reasonable price. We made prior arrangements to have a Big Apple Greeter, Sami Steigman, meet us at 9:00 AM at the Hotel and he was an enormous help to show us how to get around the City by showing us how to use the Subways &amp; Buses and he took us to Grand Central Station,well worth the visit, Waldorf-Astoria, Musuems and other attractions. At his suggestion we took the boat trip around Manhattan as well as Bus tour which were very worthwhile. The people of New York were very friendly and helpful and we had no concern for our safety. The four of us went to the shopping area and our wives were so relaxed they agreed to shop while my friend and I went to see the Intrepid Sea, Air &amp; Space Museum and we recommend it highly as we spent between 4 &amp; 5 delightful hours at the Museum. We attended the opening of the Radio City Christmas Spectacular which is well named as it was indeed Spectacular. We managed to see one Off Broadway play &quot;I Love You, Your Perfect, Now Change&quot; which we enjoyed, though price a little high for a half empty theatre. Our four days went by very quickly but we will have very fond memories of New York and hope we can return someday and explore some of the areas we passed through, i.e. Soho, Chinatown etc.	
Sep 17 2004	o.k but it it wouldn't have been our choice	This was our first trip to New York and was part of a Cosmos tour. After a long journey and our taxi breaking down we were glad to arrive at the hotel. Our first impression was that it was 'compact ' meaning it was not as spacious as we had expected. The aircon was as was all the hotels we stayed in, so noisy it was difficult sleeping but maybe coming from the uk we were not used to it. Our rooms (our son had his own room) were clean, well stocked and of average size but the views from the windows on the sixth and eigth floor were the backs of the other buildings only a few metres away.The hotel is not situated in a very attractive area with very few eating places nearby( we would recommend the Dallas barbeque a couple of blocks away). There is complimentary breakfast available and has a wide range of fresh fruit, cereals, hot food and pastries. This is because of the lack of eateries as mentioned earlier. The staff were very helpful with info requests directions etc.The reception area is very small and not much room for a tour group to meet in or to sit and relax in. If we ever make a return trip here (although the west coast is calling) we would choose our hotel as this time it was part of our tour, don't get us wrong this is a good hotel it's just that we would like something more spacious and in a more convenient position	
Aug 27 2004	Poor Front Desk Service	When we arrived at the front deak after 8 hours of driving we were told that our room was ready but that they had no roll-aways left. I had reserved the room with a roll-away bed. Lucky for me I had a copy of my e-mail confirmation. When I inquired as to what I should do with my daughter they said that she could sleep on the floor. I was, to say the least, flabergasted. Eventually, they agve us another room (not ajoining). After that front desk staff was sullen towards us and in fact down right rude. Breakfasts were poor. I would not stay here againg nor would I reccommend it to anyone.	
Aug 6 2004	Good hotel at good price	We have stayed here twice; once for the New York City Marathon and again for a family vacation in the summer. This hotel is clean, conveniently located and not overpriced-- a shock for NYC! It's also very quiet with helpful staff. The marathon took place the day after Halloween, and we were nervous about it being noisy that night, but the walls and glass are thick, and the rooms are well-spaced. It's an easy walk to the subway, and a longer walk to the nightlife of the Village, but through an interesting neighborhood. It's a good find for an easy stay in the city.	
Jul 14 2004	Convenient		
Jun 9 2004	Highly recommended!		
Jun 8 2004	good location helpful staff		
Mar 29 2004	Some odd things made the Hampton Inn stay disappointing		
Mar 27 2004	Nice Hotel - Reasonable Price		
Mar 17 2004	Excellent Value and Service		
Mar 12 2004	Good value and location		
Jan 26 2004	A Great Find in New York		
Nov 21 2003	Balanced standard accommodation		
Nov 14 2003	Some Nice Touches but not Great ...		
Sep 22 2009 	Impeccable		
Aug 27 2009 	Geburtagsreise		
Aug 23 2009 	?????????????? Good location comfortable room		
Aug 19 2009 	Ottimo!!		
Aug 18 2009 	La perfecta eleccion		
Aug 6 2009 	A eviter car on peut trouver beaucoup mieux à New York!		
Jul 3 2009 	Empfehlenswertes Hotel in Manhattan		
May 20 2009	Hotel Hampton Inn Manhattan Chelsea		
Apr 10 2009 	bon rapport qualité prix à new york		
Feb 14 2009 	Gute Lage in Chelsea		
Nov 22 2008 	Un perla a NYC		
Oct 3 2008 	Un buonissimo soggiorno		
Jun 3 2008 	excelente		
Apr 1 2008 	Très confortable		
Mar 29 2008 	Hôtel plus que satisfaisant à New-York		
