	NIce hotel unbelievable noise from WTC site	My husband and I just sepnd three days in NYC for a friend's wedding; the Millenium Hilton was chosed as the hotel for the wedding party and guest. First. the pluses: the hotel is elegant and well appointed; we stayed in a junior suite on the 21st floor, with views of Manhattan and the WTC construction site, as well as the Hudson river - can't beat that! Compared to the average NYC room, the Millenium Hilton has spacious rooms; even the bathroom was large. The bed was very comfortable.For the minuses: construction at the WTC sites goes on overnight with no interruption - the first night I had no sleep at all! In addition to the unbeliavable construction noise, the fact that the hotel facade is completely open now exposes it to wind - and we had very strong gusts of wind - if felt like the windows were about to break. So, despite the comfy bed, no sleep for me. Thsi really ruined the experience.... Another (smaller) issue was that the restaurant is closed between 2 and 5 PM , and in this time frame there is not even room service - we arrived at 1:45 and were refused service. Minor point if you can go out to a local eatery, but we were in a hurry to get somewhare and had no time to spare. Also, the concierge recommended a nearby italain restaurant that was in fact closed (at least you should know if you are the concierge!) I would recommed this hotel only to people who are not bothered by loud, constant noises throughout the night; or I would suggest waiting until major contruction at the WTC is over ( a couple of years?)	
	Excellent Stay	We were very happy with our stay at the Millenium Hilton, especially since we got it for $130 per night on Priceline over Thanksgiving weekend. Since it was a holiday weekend, noise was not really an issue for us although there was some jackhammering for a few hours on Friday afternoon. If that went on all day, I can see why people would be upset. The hotel does try to make things right - before we even checked into our room, they offered us a sound machine and earplugs. I think the current prices probably reflect the noise inconvenience.The location was fine and it was easy to take a subway anywhere. Cortlandt Station is right in front of the hotel. We also walked across the Brooklyn Bridge, which is nearby. There is not a lot going on in this area but it doesn't really matter in NYC since it is so easy to get to all parts of town.The TV remote was annoying. At first I thought it needed new batteries, but it turns out you have to hold it at a certain angle to change channels. It would be nice if they would do something about that. Other than this small nitpick, we loved our stay and would be happy to stay again.	
Nov 24 2009 	Never stay in that hotel	I might sound a bit extreme but my experience in this hote was just terribly. This was my first time in NY and my first time in Hilton chain. I was arriving from a long trip, I was more than 24 hrs sleepless and my bf and I arrived very early morning. He has some frequent client status with Hilton so he adviced we would arrive early. The room was still not ready... We asked for room on highest floors to avoid the ground zero noise and we said we would not mind to wait a bit longer. As he had traveled to NY for work he left me at the lobby and I gave them my cell phone number to advice when the room was ready. He asked if they had the information of his credit card . The receptionist adviced everything was fine. It passed 3 hrs and they never called me or let me know anything. Even I was sitting just in front of the reception. I had to ask if they had news about my room. Then the receptionist realized she was suppossed to call me. When I tried to check in they asked me for another credit card cause my bf's credit card did not work. I gave them 3 different credit cards and none worked what it was very strange cause I have used them all around the world and I've never had problems before but with Hilton. I even use them in NY to pay for everything. I called my bf and he asked them to try with another of his credit cards but they demanded him to be there personally.They said the only way they could check me in was for me to call my bank in front of them to authorize the charge or my bf to go to the hotel and do the same. He verified the information by their website and realized the credit card in his profile had a wrong expiration date. We both adviced that to front desk staff and they insist they could not try to charge the credit card again and they demanded him to check in phyisically. Finally he called the manager and she agreed to try to charge his credit card again and it worked. We both spent lot of time trying to convince them to change the expiration date. Then I asked for my bags to the storage guy. No one helped me to take my bags to the room even they saw how I could not handle pulling two huge bags. A guest who was in the lobby had to help me to take all my stuff to the elevator. My boyfriend complained again when he arrived to the hotel and they gave some vouchers for breakfast which it was so poor . The service at the bar on the 3rd floor is just as poor as all the staff service. They would not even offer for a drink. It was very slow. Menu is bad, food quality is bad and poor.The room is really nothing special, the room service is poor as all the staff service ( did I say that again?) they just made bed and changed towels but it was clear they would not even clean the floor. We asked a couple of things for room service like a sewing kit and a small fridge for our own drinks as the one of the room could not be used due to electronic inventory and they would just not understand what we asked for. They sent water instead sewing kit and sent someone to take out the room fridge instead installing one for us.I understand probably the credit card not working it is beyond their hands as I am myself a customer service agent and I have to deal with this everyday but it is the way they handle things. They are totally careless they would not even look for an option to solve things and all out suggestions were refused. They gave the impression to have enough guests and not wanting to waste energy in keeping more customers. They made me feel unwanted there. I know I am not their gold customer as my bf is but they dont even treat me as any average guest would deserve to be treated. I really would not stay there and I doubt I would ever try hilton chain again.	
Nov 10 2009 	great service and cool rooms	this hotel had wonderful service and very cool large sized manhattan rooms. the view was a bit surreal overlooking the gaping hole of groundzero. The price per night was a steal for the city. It was a bit out of the way from times square but easy to access all parts of the city.Wonderful concierge and bell hop service. We would stay here again when visiting the city again.	
Nov 8 2009 	Great location	Remote for the TV was terrible but everything else was great. 20th floor overlooking the WTC construction - just high enough to not have any noise.	
Nov 7 2009 	Absolutely loved it even with noise	We honestly loved this hotel. We had a room on the 30th floor with a spectacular view of the river and Ground Zero. While we expected noise, it was more than we bargained for. Luckily, we had earplugs. In spite of the into-the-evening construction noise, we'd stay there again in a heartbeat. You can't beat the location for the historic value, both old New York and Ground Zero. Wouldn't have missed it for the world. Within easy walking distance to Battery Park, Battery Park City, Wall Street, and many other things. Watching the construction at Ground Zero was fascinating. The entire area around Ground Zero had an atmosphere that could be felt and that every American should experience. What a unique experience.	
Nov 5 2009 	Very clean convenient location good business travel choice	Nice hotel for business-related trips to the Financial District and surrounding areas. Everything was very clean, the check-in staff were friendly, and the location is great with a subway entrance just across the street and plenty of Tribeca restaurants within easy walking distance. (Check out Blaue Gans for something different.) Room rates were high, but it's Manhattan. Make sure they don't overcharge you if you eat breakfast in the hotel - the buffet price includes coffee/juice and your choice of a hot entree off the menu, so you're better off saying you want the buffet rather than one of the individual hot breakfasts by itself. I would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 1 2009 	very noisy	I've stayed at this hotel more times than I can remember and am a Hilton Diamond VIP. So why on my last visit did they give me a low down fron facing room when the noise from the WTC site is so bad.. I just couldn't sleep as the noise was so loud at 10:00pm at night. I complained and was told I could not move as the hotel was full, asked to speak to the manager and eventually got moved to a corner room which had been out of service.So in the ned everything was fine but with a bit of forward planning, it could have been a much nicer stay	
Oct 25 2009 	Both stays deligthful: staff housekeeping restaurant lounge	We stayed at the Plaza Hotel for part of our honeymoon so we have set some high expectations. Having visited NYC several times over many years once we discovered the charms of downtown, and this hotel, we have no desire to stay up in Midtown again. We have stayed at the Millinium for the past 2 Octobers for a long weekend (Thursday - Sunday) and highly recommend it. Noise has not been an issue on either stay but we are typically out on the town by 9:00 and it's so wonderfully quiet at night. We've always had top-level service from everyone and in the past year there does not seem to be many changes, we recognized several people who made our fist stay, and now our second stay, so enjoyable. This stay Andrey of the front desk was a standout helping me set up the initial reservations and then was so helpful when I made some changes. As many other reviews pointed out, the rooms are larger than most, even the bathroom, the view of downtown, the river, etc. remarkable. My husband is a Hilton Honor member so wifi was free.We are comfortable taking the subway so we are a quick ride to Times Square, Central Park, Theaters, the Met, etc. More importantly for us, the hotel is within walking distance of Tribeca and if we are up for a longer walk or even a very short subway ride, we can span across the island and visit Soho, the Village, Little Italy (wonderful nighttime walk), and Chinatown (a must on a Saturday morning). This trip we took our nephew, a firt visit for him to NYC, and we could walk to Battery Park for the traditional tour of Lady Liberty and Ellis Island. We enjoy seeing, and even running across, the Brooklyn Bridge, such a stunning engineering accomplishment. Previous trip I used the fitness center and it was well maintained. I have not been to the pool. My 21 year old nephew, dressed up from a night on the town with us, went to the first floor lounge when we returned back to the hotel from dinner. The bartender chatted with him about my nephews upcoming life plans and it made for a good &quot;I'm on my own and finally an adult&quot; experience. It solidified for my nephew how easy it is to visit NYC and that people ARE friendly.	
Oct 25 2009 	nice room good view good location	we stayed there on a stopover - good location close to the subway. although construction was going on at ground zero we didnt notice any noise in our room (high floor), but we were made aware by the hotel that we should note this (ahead of booking).the breakfast was very good and the room was clean and modern. nice large LCD tv.	
Oct 24 2009 	Excellent stay in Millenium Hilton	I had an excellent stay in the Hilton Millenium.I was staying on the 39th floor, overlooking the Hudson river and WTC ground zero.The rooms are large in size for NYC and very comfortable.Large bathroom with all necessary amenities.Room: very large flat screen tv; minibar (automatically charging), coffee maker with lavazza coffee, very comfortable bed, internet (ask for it when checking in, as not all rooms have it), ottoman chair, working table.The hotel has a nice swimming pool, gym and small sauna, where you can get in with your room key card.The hotel location is very convenient: a lot of things are in walking distance.You can walk to the financial centre, brookly bridge, city hall, SoHo, ...For shopping; you have the century21 outlet just next doors.public transport: different metro lines pass next to the hotel.There is the PATH station for trains to Newark and NJ nextdoors.	
Oct 21 2009 	Great hotel- noise for us was not a problem	We had a great stay at this hotel. Very high level floor overlooking WTC. Friday they were jackhammering something, which was very annoying and noisy. They stopped about 6pm and never again heard construction for the remainder of our stay. Well appointed rooms. Decent bathroom. Not a lot of things to do at night, so we went to our regular haunts in the West Village. Easy subway access.I would stay here again.	
Oct 20 2009 	Great Value - But the Noise is a problem for now	We found the Mil Hilton to be a great value. Almost half the price for a comparable room in mid town. The rooms were very clean, the staff was super helpful and the location was super close to all of the subways. As expected, the construction at Ground Zero was a distraction [but fascinating to watch]. The views from the rooms were spectacular. The noise from the construction was annoying but after awhile we got used to it [sort of like a thunderstorm that goes on and on]. That will be a short term problem. The area around the hotel seemed very safe at night and not the zoo that midtown can be. Several quaint sandwich places were open where we got some really fine sandwiches and a bottle of wine to enjoy in the room. I'd stay there again.	
Oct 19 2009 	Poor Service Makes Our Stay A HUGE Disappointment. Not Recommended!	My wife and I had a one night stay at the Millennium, and quite frankly, it is hard to see why anyone would choose this hotel as an option unless they want a view of the WTC construction. In the less than twenty-four hour period we were at the hotel, Hilton managed to:1) Take 45 minutes to check us in,2) Had a completely incompetent cashier in its store--she could not figure out how to charge us for an aspirin (and let me tell you, if you stay there bring plenty--construction at the WFC starts very early),3) Sent another room's billing materials to us--requiring us to speak to two different reps to get the correct materials.But worst was that the maid service did not check the alarm clock in the room to ensure that it was off. The alarm went off at 3 AM -- not the best when you are on leisure travel. Even when the clock was pulled out of the wall the alarm/stereo managed to go off another two times. This was the final straw for us considering the Millennium is supposed to be 4 Diamond quality. Adding insult to injury, when we notified the management of the issue we had, they weakly offered a &quot;comp&quot; the next time we used the hotel. Really, like someone would pay for that experience again? I can tell you that years back we had a sinilar issue at a Ritz Carlton--on the spot they offered up a free night and dinner to appologize--I think we'll be using them again in the future.So in total, with so many great hotel experiences in NYC to be had, we would ABSOLUTELY LOOK ELSEWHERE--THE MILENIUM WAS A COMPLETE DISAPPOINTMENT AND WE'D NEVER USE IT AGAIN.	
Oct 19 2009 	Ditto bring your earplugs	I recognize New York is noisy, and while you're up high in the Hilton Millenium, construction at ground zero can be pretty loud, even on a weekend. The rooms are very clean and for business travellers to downtown, the location couldn't be better. It's a bit overpriced, but which hotel in New York is not.	
Oct 14 2009 	Bring Your Earplugs	The Millenium Hilton is a very high tower hotel directly across from the WTC/Ground Zero site. The rooms are nice and clean, and the views of the Hudson River / NJ are just incredible. HOWEVER - buyer beware... the construction at Ground Zero started at around 5am and went on at incredibly loud volume - even on Saturday! I got a major discount for this hotel on Hotwire, but wouldn't repeat - even at this rate. Also, wireless internet, radio/CD didn't seem to work. The image on the beautiful large flat-screen TV was strangely terrible.The location in Lower Manhattan is convenient to the Financial District, City Hall and a couple of subway stops, but not really ideal in terms of central location for tourists. Very few good restaurants or night life nearby (The West Village would be a longish walk). The rooms are nice enough. The lobby area is very small with a tiny bar.	
Oct 10 2009 	Great hotel...if you don't mind a little background noise.	Great hotel with a prime location. Located down near the WTC, this hotel felt central to all the great shopping, restaurants and tourist hot spots. The nearby subway station made it easy to get anywhere in the city.Staff was courteous and very helpful with directions and restaurant recommendations. Gym and pool were clean or well maintained. Room was big (by NYC standards) and was well equipped. Being across the street from the WTC, you do hear construction noise almost 24 hours a day. Bring a bottle of sleeping pills if the noise might bother you. Living in downtown Philly, I'm use to the sounds of the city so the noise didn't bother me to much.Overall...great stay in a great hotel at a great value.	
Oct 9 2009 	The Millenium Hilton is perfect for a private getaway!	My boyfriend and I went to NYC together in September. The Millenium Hilton is close enough to everything to grab a taxi or jump on the subway right across the street. We got there earlier than expected and had no problem at all with a very early check in. The staff was amazingly polite and helpful. The nights were quiet on the 38th floor. There was not much outside noise that came in at night. The hotel is set up in such a way that you don't hear people shuffling up and down a busy hallway. Housekeeping was polite and kept the place immaculate!I cannot say enough nice things about our stay at the hotel. It was memorable and I will definitely stay there again! It's right across the street from Ground Zero and we could see it from our room!	
Oct 8 2009 	nice location great price!	went to NY for honeymoon. stayed at this hotel. very nice hotel. not much food restaurants around though. will stay there again.	
Oct 8 2009 	Why would you stay anywhere else?	We loved the Millennium Hilton! I booked this room through Orbitz and got 3% Fatwallet cashback, combined with Entertainment Book coupon codes, we saved a bundle! I called directly to the Hilton before our trip and talked with the front desk clerk a little and he volunteered to bump us up to a higher floor room from what Orbitz gave us. I would definitely recommend staying on floor 31 or higher, the views are spectacular and there's almost no noise from the 'round the clock WTC construction site that's directly across the street.  We arrived at the hotel at 9:30 in the morning and when I went to the concierge to ask about keeping our bags until check-in, they said &quot;Why not check in now?&quot; Really? At 9:30 in the morning? No extra charge? OK! The Bellhop grabbed our luggage and off we went.  We were very impressed with the room. The Hilton hasn't let us down yet. We opened the door to a clean, fresh smelling, and spacious room. I was worried if the Standard room would be nice enough for our romantic getaway, Absolutely. From the plush King bed to the trimmed out, wall mounted flat screen, even the sofa chair and executive desk, it's all there.  The little interaction we had with the staff during our 4 day stay was all pleasant and cheerful, they always seemed eager to help. Housekeeping was great! Security was never in question. The lobby and front entrances are well lit and there was always a doorman, even after midnight. The financial district is mostly quiet on the weekends, but even so, NYPD had officers posted at the hotel on Friday and Saturday mornings during the week of 9/11.  There are just a few things you need to know about the location of the Millennium. It's directly across the street from Century 21 discount clothing store (You could spend hours in here shopping, they have a separate 3 story annex for shoes). There is a Starbucks within walking distance in either direction and also a Dunkin' stand. The Fulton St Subway Station is just a few steps from the side door of the hotel, that gets you right uptown. It's just minutes from Chelsea Harbor Market with plenty of shopping and the Bodies Exhibition (See this! It's worth every penny!). There are 2 for 1 coupons in the NY Entertainment book that you can buy online for $10 bucks before you go. It's worth that for the Bodies coupon alone.  Our trip was fantastic thanks to the Millennium Hilton. I'll be posting a trip report soon! Thanks for reading!	
Oct 8 2009 	Excellent hotel and location	If you want to see Ground Zero, or be located near Wall Street or Brooklyn, this is a great location. We found a good deal on the hotel ($199/night) and used public transportation everywhere. The room was large, clean, quiet, good ventilation and had a great view of ground zero. Starbucks around the corner was nice too.	
Sep 25 2009 	Beautiful Hotel Good Location	My partner and I have just returned from a long weekend in New York. We stayed at the Millenium Hilton on church street which overlooked the site of ground zero. This hotel is lovely. The staff was very helpful both at reception and the door men. Always ready to help you catch a taxi if needed or with bags of shopping. This hotel is situated at the opposite end to Central Park (we walked there one day and were quite tired!!) apart from that most sites are walkable! The hotel had all the necessities you could need including: hairdryer, coffee machine, air conditioning, extra towels, shampoo etc. I forgot my travel plug and the hotel were even able to provide me with one (UK to USA). The hotel is in a sort of quiet area (if there is anywhere in New York that is quiet). A trip to Times Square would cost you about 15 to 20 dollars including a tip depending on peak times. We bought our room through travelrepublic.com as it was the cheapest by a mile. We had a beautiful view of the sea and as mentioned ground zero. Ground Zero is still much in rubble however the 9/11 museum is just around the corner from the hotel and the plans for the memorial look lovely. In a few years once complete the views will be absolutely gorgeous. Century 21 is a couple minutes walk south of the hotel where you can find designer brands for a knock down price but you will need to fish for things. The hotel is quite close (maybe a 20ish minute walk) to Battery Park where you can go on to the ferries to take you to the Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island.I would say that a must is to go to Broadway. If you are going to New York before 22nd of nov	
Sep 22 2009 	Disppointed.	We spent one night at the Millenium Hilton, booked through Priceline. To provide background, we usually stay at 5 star establishments. Upon returning to our room at the end of a very long night, we found our bedsheets to have hair on both the fitted sheet and pillow cases. There was promptly somebody in our room to change the sheets. However, the next set of sheets also had hair. The following morning, I spoke to the manager on duty. She stated that she was aware that I had called &quot;very late at night&quot; to complain about my sheets. She stated that she planned to look into the matter with housekeeping, and the company who serviced the sheets. She did not plan do to anything further to remedy our inconvenience. I asked for our parking fee to be waived, and she reluctantly agreed to credit half of it. I find it both disgusting, and unacceptable for a guest to be booked into a room with sheets that had not been cleaned, and possibly slept in already. The staff of the Hilton did not. Furthermore, I wonder, is it odd for couples travelling to New York City on the weekend to return to their rooms &quot;very late&quot; at night? Not only was the manager's response to our complaint unsatisfactory, she told me that she planned on asking the staff person who changed our sheets where he put them. For what purpose?Also, the noise from construction is quite loud, so keep that in mind if you book a room.	
Sep 21 2009 	Average 3 star business hotel	I have just returned from a 4 night stay whilst on a business trip to New York.The hotel itself is actually opposite Ground Zero which is quite spooky, but you do get a good view from the rooms on the construction work for the new world trade centre.The hotel is at the tip of southern Manhattan, which is a good location for shopping as you have multiple stores around the hotel, notably Centurty 21 which is extermeley busy and chaotic, but definately good value.Tribeca, Greenwich Village and SOHO are a cab ride away Approx $20. If you want to go to mid town Manhattan, you will need to get the Metro during the daytime, as the traffic will not make it feasible to get a cab.The hotel has 2 bars, there is a bar on the ground floor, which gets very busy. The second bar is on level 3.Breakfast is expensive in the hotel, you would get much better value by finding a diner which there are plenty of around the hotel vicinity.The hotel decor seems tired and would benefit from a makeover or lick pf paint, the rooms are decent size and clean. I was disspaointed that house service did not refill my mini bar for 2 days, which was an issue when watning some minreal water at night.I had to ask reception to do this.The hotel has a decent gym and very nice pool, please note that the the pool is only open from 5:30am - 9:30am and 17:30pm to 21:30pm Mon - Fri and all day Sat and Sun.A bit bizzare really if you wanted to go for a swim during a weekday.Overall, an average 3 star for the price $299/Night. Srevice is pretty good, but this can be said for most of New York.Visited the following resteraunts, both excellent. Jewel Of India Marinellas- Italian	
Sep 18 2009 	Excellent Hotel	From time to time you can get fabulous rates at this property on the Hilton website. While their weekend rates are generally good, this sometimes also applies to mid-week rates when business is low. Rooms are spacious for NYC, very clean and decorated in a contemporary, though not cutting edge, style. Great views from upper floors. Nice indoor pool. Perfect downtown location with easy access to several subway lines within one block. Trendy hangouts in Tribeca can easily be reached in a short walk. The Millenium Hilton is my first choice when looking for accommodation in Manhattan. If the price is right, I don't look any further.	
Sep 7 2009 	Awesome...	Everything was great. The staff anticipated every need. The view was breathtaking. Totally worth it. No better view of the hudson or ground zero. The room was spotless and well maintained....inroom dining was pricy but good and quick.I generally do not stay with hilton but I was pleasantly surprised. Great shopping in soho next to century 21.One thing...they start construction on ground zero really early so it may be too loud...but i actually enjoyed it...it reminded me to get up and enjoy New York.	
Sep 7 2009 	Dream Come True in New York City	This was the first time ever in NYC. This was our summer &quot;family only&quot; trip (19 year old son, 16 year old daughter). The Millenium Hotel is in the financial district - near the tip of Manhattan - across the street from where the Twin Towers were. We rented 2 rooms - one for my husband/son and one for myself/my daughter. The beds were luxurious and unbelievably comfortable. We rose in the morning and walked all over Manhattan for hours and when we'd get back to the hotel, I'd take a shower in the pristene bathroom and crawl into the cool sheets - it truly was paradise. We kept the room cool - it was very hot outside and we were so lucky with 5 continuous days of sunshine.We visited Century 21 (shopping plaza) next door to the hotel. Very very busy with lots of shoppes - quite understandable as the deals on designer clothing/items was very good. My kids love labels (Lacose, Tommy Hilfiger, Dolce &amp; Gabanna) and it was affordable at Century 21. We visited Macy's and some really cool boutiques that were so reasonable (my daughter bought 2 pairs of gorgeous jeans - $19 for each pair). These jeans at home (Canada) would have been $49+. There were outdoor restaurants/cafes and the prices were very reasonable and the food was good.We walked to Staten Island, down by the water where we could see the Brooklyn Bridge - it was a dream come true to see all of the sites we only enjoyed on t.v. It was so exciting to see New York City &quot;in person.&quot; We purchased tickets for the Broadway play &quot;Rock of Ages.&quot; Everyone in the family enjoyed it immensely. We felt so happy afterwards. (Anne Hathaway was in the audience!). Time Square was beautiful and busy - but surprisingly not as busy as I thought it would be. We visited the Madame Tussauds wax museum. I went crazy when I saw &quot;Jon Bon Jovi.&quot; We visited Ripley's Believe it or Not. That was very enjoyable too! Although I'm afraid of my own shadow, we decided to take a helicopter tour of the City. It was beyond exciting and we were so happy we did it. (Although about a month after we arrived home, there was the terrible helicopter/plane crash over the Hudson) just where we had been. We flew from Ottawa, Canada to New York City. The trip was about $5,000 in total but worth every penny! As an aside, I have to say the people in New York City were so warm and friendly and inviting. I will never forget this special trip to New York City.	
Sep 6 2009 	Excellent clean hotel based right next to massive worksite	Read all the other reviews and you'll see the summary of: nice very clean rooms, potentially lots of noise from the WTC reconstruction works, expensive breakfast, no free internet/wifi, it can be found very cheaply on hotwire/priceline/etc.I second all that. Managed to book for $144/night for three nights at last minute on hotwire. Checked in at 2pm no problems and was given a room on the 53rd floor. Stunning views of the river and WTC site (if looking at construction interests you). I wasn't too bothered by the noise below but you should bring ear plugs, or take sleeping tablets, if you really think it's going to be an issue. Frankly most Manhattan hotels suffer from noise pollution of some sort, so if you don't like noise stay further out.It's right next door to Century 21 (the discount department store) but apart from that, there isn't much to do for the tourist but don't let this put you off - this area is amazingly well connected by the subway and a cab to Soho shouldn't be more than about $8-10. Nights are quiet but the hotel is well staffed, so you can have a great night out and come back to a place that feels safe and welcoming. This is a Hilton hotel, so expect polite discrete service aimed primarily at the business traveller. It's not a home from home but a good clean bed/shower/desk to use as a base as you explore Manhattan and beyond.	
Sep 5 2009 	I don't enjoy being nickle and dimed.	My 17-year-old daughter and I spent four nights at the Millenium Hilton. We got a great rate through Priceline, but I see that Orbitz is now offering the same rate of $140/night. After reading a cautionary review here, I requested a room on a high floor so that we wouldn't hear the construction noise. We were on the 34th floor and heard a bit, but it wasn't bothersome. What did bother me, though, was the absence of free wifi and of free internet use in the business center. Even budget hotels are offering free wifi these days. I could only imagine what it would be like to be paying rack rate and then find that you have to pay $9.00 per day for a wifi connection. Also, I'm no stranger to NY hotels, yet I was still stunned by the breakfast prices in the on site restaurant. $7 for a bagel and $8 for a glass of juice just don't say &quot;welcome&quot; to me. It's a good thing that I'm originally from New York and know where to find a great coffee shop breakfast for under $5.00. On the upside, our room was clean and spacious and the staff were very friendly.	
Aug 20 2009 	Quality hotel in the financial district	Stayed there for a few days in August 2009 for work. Hotel is very nice and the staff was friendly and attentive. Home was clean and decorated in a modern style. Toiletries and towels always restocked fully each day. WTC construction across the street is loud and dirty, but the noise is over by 6pm. PATH station is very close so you can get pretty much anywhere. Not much of a problem getting cabs. Starbucks around the corner for those that are interested.	
Aug 20 2009 	Excellent hotel	We stayed here one week in July , very clean hotel, we booked a standard room and they upgrade for free to a junior suite (corner room) , super views !!! Staff was very friedly and concierge help us to find best offer to diffrent attractions. It is possible to be a little bit noisy from the ground zero building site, depends of the floor you stay. I have one minus - parking is very expensive !!! But if you can wake up in the morning (at 7am) you can park on the street (between 9 pm-7am). Business center is expensive - but you can print online bording pass from the reception and save some money. Internet also is expensive on the hotel , but in the room you can find some free wireless newtork from outside building! I would definitely stay there again!	
Aug 13 2009 	Excellent Hotel	Our stay at the Hilton was a brilliant one. The staff were excellent helpfull and ploite. The rooms in this property were on the large side with plenty of room very clean and comfortable. The hotel is located directly across from the world trade centre and we didnt expierence any noise even with the late construction work. Our room was on the 26th floor which offered some amazing views of the city skyline. Locatin wise its a little out of the way but at $2 to ride the subway too time square and a journey time of 10 mins and th station located oppisite the hotel perfect. All in all NYC was an amazing expierence and the Hilton the perfect Place too stay. Oh one little negative the food its noot too bad but best avioded in place of another.	
Aug 6 2009 	Great Views	Generally I would say the Millenium Hilton is a save play. You always know what to expect. The beds are comfortable and usually good sized. The bathroom was clean at any times and so was the room. I would classify it more as a business hotel especially since it is in the financial district.Price-wise it won't get any better considering we had a view facing Brooklyn from the 42nd floor which was, I have to confess, simply amazing.The hotel itself is, as you would expect in New York, very busy and obviously has a huge turnover which makes. The entrance hall feels more like the Grand Central at times and therefore the staff can't be as attentive as you might hope for. Besides a domestic fight between a couple next door (which isn't the hotels fault) at 3am did we have a quiet stay even to there are construction works going on day and night on ground zero. So you better make sure not to have a room facing the wrong side.All in all enjoyable stay but too buzzling for me and busy as I would like to relax once back in the hotel.Location-wise too downtown for me, would always prefer staying more uptown.	
Aug 5 2009 	Worst stay ever	The room I had was nice since I was a suite with great views but the noise was unbearable! This noise was 24 hours and the hotel reservation had not warned me about this!!! I was not sure where they were located and I show up at a hotel across the street from the world trade center where construction goes on 24 hours. The front desk did not care and I was not able to sleep with ear plugs as they suggested. This seems like a nice property otherwise but the noise is truly unbearable and the fact that I was not warned makes me quite angry .	
Aug 4 2009 	Best Hotel in NYC	Great location, close to subway, theatres, restaurants. Amazingly more than decent size room, large bathroom and the view is out of this world. Hotel staff extremely friendly and the fitness center was perfect. Highly recommend if you can find a good deal.	
Aug 3 2009 	PERFECT!	Not only was this hotel absolutely gorgeous and new but the staff really was the icing on the cake! Our shuttle service from JFK to Hilton Mil. (umm 2 hrs- yeah) left me in such a bad mood I just figured it was only going to get worse...but the second we stepped into this Hotel the staff was INCREDIBLE! OUR room was ready (it was early!!!) and he was so nice it immediately made up for the terrible shuttle service. And it wasn't just one time that the staff was wonderful, it was every time we left or came back. AND they gave us tips to tell the cab driver so we could make the 3pm wedding that we were late for :) The hotel view was incredible, the room itself was incredible. I cant say enough about this hotel - when we go back - we are staying here. Oh and the view was INCREDIBLE. We were in the corner room, city view.	
Aug 3 2009	4 Stars	I've stayed at the Millenium for both business and leisure. The hotel is comfortable with clean, comfortable rooms that provide a nice rest from a busy day in the city. The ongoing construction was a slight annoyance for me on my most recent visit, as we were in an 8th floor room directly facing construction that continued late into a Saturday evening. I was so exhausted though, I quickly fell asleep through it. On another visit a few years ago, I was in a 23rd floor room where the noise was not at all audible.This is a nice hotel that I will continue to frequent at prices of 200/night. It can feel a bit isolated down in the financial district, but one can quickly access the train and get anywhere they want to go. It's particularly convenient to Brooklyn.	
Jul 30 2009 	Impeccable	The hotel is beautifully decorated, fresh and clean. I love the location--many good restaurants and shopping nearby. The rooms and beds are very comfortable and roomy by NYC standards. We were originally given a room with a view of &quot;ground zero&quot; and the Hudson River in the background. When we found this too depressing we requested another room and were given a room with a view of the Brooklyn Bridge with no problems. We enjoyed the view and our stay very mush. Great staff! Only one complaint was that when we left for breakfast and came back to our room the maid had already stripped our bedding off. It was only 9AM!	
Jul 29 2009 	Amazing hotel 	Just returned from 3 nights at the Millenium Hilton...we could have not wished for a better hotel and location in NYC.It's right next door to Century 21 and minutes to Soho and Tribeca.The hotel is very modern and elegant...the elevators are CRAZY fast which is convenient.I would recommend this hotel to everyone!!!	
Jul 27 2009 	Nice!	Subway right out the door, so you can get just about anywhere! Good service, quiet, printer at the front desk for your plane tickets! We had a great view of the financial centers and the Hudson river. I would stay here again.	
Jul 27 2009 	Lovely rooms	At first I was overwhelmed by the view we had over Ground Zero. The noise from the site was noticable and some nights it was as if the drilling and digging didn't stop at all and I recall that a couple of nights it went on until the early hours and started up at what seemed like an hour later. However, we did get used to it! The hotel was clean and comfortable and had a great coffee machine and a great big TV. The bar on the 3rd floor was relxing for a quiet drink in the evening. The location of the hotel was good and as we were staying in NY for sight seeing it was ideal for jumping on the subway.One down side was that we were kept awake on the Friday night by a group of young men in the next room to use being very loud, banging windows, smoking and shouting. I had to phone the security twice as it went on for well over 2 hours until 4am!!Overall though we had a good stay!	
Jul 25 2009 	Loved it!!!	I booked a room here through hotwire and had NO idea what I would be getting, and could not have been more happy. The view was incredible, and the noise did not bother me even though I'm a light sleeper. I loved the decorations, and the bed was great. Bathroom was great too. Loved it!!	
Jul 24 2009 	Got engaged in New York's Central Park...	I stayed here June 7th-9th and the weekend was amazing. The rooms are great and the staff was excellent. The hotel is located right next to one of the secret gems in NYC, Century 21. That was the only way I could covince my girlfriend at the time to go to NY for the weekend, we are no married since.	
Jul 23 2009 	Noisy if you are a light sleeper	While it is located directly across from the WTC site and is historic in that aspect, the jackhammers are still going at 10:30 PM at night and start at 6:30 AM in the morning. If you are a light sleeper, forego the &quot;view&quot; and ask for a room away from the re-construction site. Third floor &quot;restaurant&quot; is less than satisfactory. Took 10 minutes to get cream for my coffee. Wait staff in the morning was lazy and just couldn't be bothered. Food was mediocre at best. The night staff in the hotel restaurant was more accommodating and couldn't be nicer when we arrived from out of town - tired and hungry. They were much more accommodating and pleasant than the breakfast morning staff. Time to have a sit down with the breakfast waiters ! Not the best way to start a busy day of business.	
Jul 22 2009 	great hotel with sad view	I have stayed in a lot of NYC hotels, and toured many more in a previous life (career). Our room was so spacious! The location, however, I just don't know. Obviously, if you have business in the area, or have never really wandered that far south, it's worth it, but taking a cab uptown for every little show or museum is tiresome and expensive. If you are actually doing the tourist thing the location really isn't ideal. Of course, if you haven't really been there, there's a lot to offer nearby; much of it new - the hunger memorial; that new ferry station. The view into the WTC site is really sad. The service is pretty good. Like all the Hilton franchise, you have to pay for every little thing, including internet or any decent tv. We had to ask the front desk for a sewing kit to replace a button. They refused us extra coffee. My husband was kinda cranky about that - he says that there's no benefit to better coffee if you're limited to one cup per person per day. On the other hand, I honestly think our housekeeper was the best I've ever encountered. The actual facilities: Because it is primarily a business property, its regular clientele are doing something more important at ten or five than a sauna and swim. So although these are kinda teeny, we had them to ourselves as often as not. And that is the beauty of downtown Manhattan - if you are relaxing midday, it's like you're on your own private island. highlights: check-in, housekeeping, spacious roomslowlights: nickel and diming, had to ask twice to have remote replaced	
Jul 21 2009 	LOVE IT!	I had a fantastic time staying at this hotel for 4 nights in June 2009. Friendly staff helping me with my bags and when I checked in after 18 hours off traveling from Europe the receptionist asked just as many questions she had to. Some times when you check in they NEVER stop! Thank you again!I have two things to point out that surprised me, more then it disappointed me, breakfast were pore but very tasty(!!!) and internet access were expensive, $6/hour I think it was. Perhaps I`m just spoiled with free wifi in Europe… I do recommend this to anyone who would like to stay at a hotel with great location and FAB shopping Century 21 on the opposite side from the hotel. The harbour is 5 min walk.	
Jul 15 2009 	Great view poor service	I had requested an early check in and tried to check in at 1:30. We were told our room on the 52nd floor would be ready by 3:00, or we could have a room on the lower level. We waited around until 3:00, endured a long line for check in as they only had one staff at the counter, and was told our room was still not ready, so they put us at a lower level anyway. They were unapologetic as I voiced my disappointment. We tried to take a dip in the pool before leaving for dinner, but the pool is closed in the afternoons. I asked several staff if there was anywhere in the hotel we could look down into ground zero, they all told me no, even though there are great views from the 5th floor conference room and exercise room. The views may be worth the poor service though. Breakfast was very dull and expensive. Try the Starbucks breakfast around the corner.	
Jul 12 2009 	Looking over ground zero - amazing experience	This was just another business trip and the hotel met my expectations for another metrolpolitan hilton. The incredible experience was looking down over a snow covered ground zero. All construction activity had stopped because of the weather and it was both sobering and impressive.	
Jul 11 2009 	Breathtaking	Brought grandchildren to see July 4th Fireworks on the Hudson - we could have seen them from our gorgeous room! $180 - 5 star - in NYC - are you kidding!!! It was spectacular. Gramma and Grampa are heroes!	
Jul 10 2009 	Consistently Good	I have stayed here a dozen times in the last two years, most recently on July 9. The hotel sits next to the old World Trade Center site and was completely renovated after 9/11. The hotel is sleek, modern and comfortable. The standard rooms are small, but very comfortable. The room decor is also modern and minimalist in a good way. Light wood furniture; glass tops on the dresser and desk; large flat screen televisions. I've eaten in the restaurant many times and have been happy with the food. The continental breakfast used to be better and has been scaled back a little of late, but it's ok. It's several years out now since the renovation, but everything is still in very nice shape. Noise has sometimes been a problem with the continuous day/evening work on the World Trade Center site, and most of the rooms face that direction. There are rooms on each end of the hotel that face the opposite direction and they are quieter (although the view isn't nearly as interesting). These rooms are also significantly bigger than the typical rooms facing the WTC site. I've stayed in four of these end rooms, and it seems to be hit or miss if you get one. I've attached some pictures of one of these bigger rooms, so for the standard room, imagine something much narrower. The staff is courteous and professional. One extra bonus of the hotel is that it is also right next to the Century 21 department store. I definitely recommend this hotel.	
Jul 7 2009 	Excellent hotel rooms and value in NYC	My husband and I stayed for two nights over the 4th of July weekend. Being Gold HHonors members, we have used points to stay in most of the Hilton properties in NYC. We chose this hotel with the hopes of being able to see the fireworks from our room. We weren't disappointed. Using our points and reserving on line, I was offered the opportunity to select to an upgrade. I chose all upgrades and at check-in we got a King Jr. Suite with a city view. It cost an extra $49/N which was a bargain for the view! We were on the 34th floor, (room 3411)a 2 room suite with a first room with a sofa, lounge chair, desk, honor bar and a flat screen TV then the bathroom (great water pressure!!) and a nice size bedroom with king bed and large flat screen TV. The best part was the floor to ceiling windows with a spectacular viewsof the Hudson River, Empire State Building and the WTC site. This was a corner room, so views really spanned from the Hudson on one side to the Brooklyn Bridge on the other. We were able to see both the Macy's fireworks and those at Liberty State Park. It was such a clear night that we could even see fireworks in the distance all around NJ and LI. The hotel is located downtown and if you are looking for nightlife closeby, you would probably prefer the midtown area; however, if you want to be close to everything (many subway lines within walking distance, 2 within a block) and like the peace and quiet, then this is a great choice. In my opinion, you will not get a better value in NYC. This is a lovely hotel in a very safe neighborhood. We were given the choice of free breakfast, free internet or 1000 points as Gold members. We chose the breakfast, which was adequate for a continental breakfast. (Yes, as previously mentioned they charge $24 for the buffet which is high, but perhaps not for NYC.) They also had an option to upgrade to a 'real' breakfast for $6.50. With all the great food options in NYC, we only wanted a bit of breakfast so never bothered with more than the buffet. We looked at the fitness room and pool, but never had time to use them. They looked nice and clean. All the staff we encountered was very pleasant and helpful. We highly recommend this hotel and will definitely be back. P.S. - Century 21 department store is next door. It is a must experience if you like shopping for bargains! St. Paul's Church has a very moving memorial and tribute to 9/11 which is also next door.	
Jun 27 2009 	Excellent Hotel	I won't go on and on. Excellent hotel, very professional staff, larger rooms for NYC, very clean and well-kept. Housekeeping met my request (extra teas each day). Even earned free breakfast at the restaurant -- an over-priced continental breakfast (who would pay $23 for a selection of bread, fruit, and cereal??). The honeydew melon tasted off at the restaurant (I tried it all three days, and it always tasted sour). Had problems with the phone every day and it was never resolved. Only major warning to future guests: the hotel overlooks the former World Trade Center site. Work on the site begins EARLY and it ends LATE (some work appeared to go on around the clock). If you are a light sleeper, you will not be able to sleep in. I was on the 23rd floor and was awakened each day around 6:15. This isn't a complaint because the work must go on, it is merely a warning to future guests who may desire a quieter hotel.	
Jun 25 2009 	Decent property boring location and no Diamond benefits	I thought this was a decent property in that it is quite new and the rooms were pretty good for a Hilton. However I was disappointed that there was no concierge lounge and I was not offered any breakfast or drink vouchers as is customary for Diamond VIP benefits. Also the WFC neighborhood pretty much shuts down after dark with not many food options. It is nearby the subway both the ACE and 4,6 lines. I will probably continue to look for a better hotel to stay in for frequent NYC business travel.	
Jun 22 2009 	Outstanding value	For $135 on Priceline, we had an outstanding stay over a Saturday night. No noise, either internal or external, in our 18th floor room (perhaps because there is no construction on Saturday night or Sunday morning), one of the most comfortable hotel beds I've had in years, and a clean and functional bathroom added up to a perfect stay for us.	
Jun 15 2009 	An otherwise nice experience marred by poor service	Great hotel, good location, well appointed rooms BUT, service is a problem. When we arrived at 4:00 PM there were dirty dishes from breakfast on the floor outside our door (and were still there at 7:00 PM when we went out for dinner). Then at 10:00 PM I realized that I had forgotten a prescription medicine and called the front desk to find a pharmacy and were told that there were none in Manhattan that were open this late and offered me a hotel doctor for $300. ((I'm not sure how that was supposed to help if there was no pharmacy and I already had a prescription). I went on the Internet (for $14.95) and found one a short taxi ride away and all was solved.	
Jun 15 2009 	Superb quality great price nice and modern	Stayed here over thanksgiving 2008 and with the price reduction because of the WTC rebuild its perfect. An super quality hotel following its own facelift with great room size and cleanliness.We upgraded to a high floor corner room, and although you can still slightly hear some of the construction, after a day out in NYC you should be tired enough to sleep right through. The views from high up the hotel are excellent, we could see the Statue of Liberty, over to Jersey and the Brooklyn Bridge.We didnt eat here so cannot comment, but its close to a couple of subway stations and you can be in the heart of shopping and attractions like Times Square within 20 mins, plus the subway is a bargain. Could the PATH back to Newark airport as it departs from under the WTC opposite the hotel, saves a small fortune compared to a cab!	
Jun 8 2009 	Lovely Hotel	Went to the Hilton for a weekend get-away. Part of our plans included walking across the Brooklyn Bridge which is only a few blocks away. We walked many blocks uptown, though Tribeca and the next day, downtown through the financial district. We've lived in New York all our lives and have been to Ground Zero many times but from our room we were able to look right down onto the site. It was a spiritual and sobering experience. Hotel is across the street from St. Paul's, which is a must-see. Lots of good shopping in the neighborhood. If you can, park in a garage off-site as the hotel charges $55.00 for 24 hours and then $25. if you're one minute over!! Rip-off.	
Jun 6 2009 	Fantastic experience	This was a first trip to New York for the 3 of us. What a fantastic time we had during the 4 days we were there.The Millenium Hilton is a lovely bright airy, very clean and friendly hotel and an excellent base to start a sight seeing trip to the BIG APPLE. The staff are helpfull extremely friendly and funny.The room we shared was spacious very clean and had everything we needed (including a hairdryer, an essential for 3 girls!). We had a corner room on the 42nd floor which gave us a detailed view into ground zero and across the bottom part of Manhatten Island. Within walking distance of Brooklyn Bridge, Battery Park, Little Italy , China Town and has Century 21 just next door. A lovely little deli just round the corner for a great breakfast to start the day.Subway stations are close by for getting into the center ie, Times square/Central Park but you could walk it if you had a spare hour and a half....... and no blisters!We got a great deal on the price too so an all round excellent hotel. I would definatley recomend this hotel to my friends.	
Jun 4 2009 	Hilton never disappoints	Rooms are very clean, flat screen tv, extremely comfortable mattress and pillows. Extremely clean. Great location in the financial district. Hotel is across from the historic 9/11 site. Walking distance to battery park, Brooklyn Bridge, and ferries to the Statue of Liberty. Subway is right across the street. One subway stop away from China town so this hotel is great for tourists.	
May 27 2009 	Great hotel	We booked the standard room with two queen beds but they made a mistake and gave us a room with one king bed, we were upgraded to a junior suite!The location is great, right by ground zero. It 's probably good for business trip. The downside is they charge for everything -- parking is $55 a day and we used PC to browse the web for 10 minutes at the business center and was charged $5! I guess this is normal in New York city?	
May 26 2009 	What a view!	Excellent hotel. If you want 5 star without the NYC 5 star price I highly recommend this hotel. It's downtown opp the WTC but don't let that put you off. The subway station is right outside the hotel entrance and you'll get to Times Square and midtown in around 10 mins on the tube. It's also perfect walking distance to the trendy restaurant/bar areas of SoHo and Tribecca and the meatpacking district. Book online at the Hilton website. Has very good rates and an option to upgrade (for a small fee - much less than price of upgraded room if you booked it) if an upgraded room is available at the time of check in. I happily found I had been upgraded from a king room to a junior suite on the 36th floor. On opening the door I was struck by an amazing view, finding myself in a corner room with views over the Hudson and Midtown. It was pretty amazing going to sleep looking at the Empire State Building. All the usual 5 star luxury, nice toiletries, bathrobes, mini bar. Hotel also has a pool and fitness centre. Staff were excellent. Restaurant and room service is pricey but the food and service couldn't be faltered. I will definately be going back.	
May 19 2009 	Modern spacious hotel with great views	My partner and i stayed here for 5 nights after staying 2 nights at the Waldorf Astoria so it sure had something to follow! The hotel is very modern inside and the staff are very helpful. We stayed on the 52nd floor which was great for views of the river and New Jersey. Must mention how fast the lifts/elevators are! Never waited more than 30 seconds for one and we could do top to bottom in 23 seconds. Our room looked right onto ground zero - pretty surreal. The room itself was very modern with massive bed and massive TV. Some reviews on this website complain of the noise from ground zero but we couldnt hear a thing. (Probably due to the high floor room). Great choice of on demand films on the tv. I would have liked to have seen free wireless internet throughout the hotel. The USA are really behind UK hotels in offering this service. The gym and pool facilities were great and always really quiet. Great way to wind down. Having use of the free online check in facility in reception helped us out a great deal. The subway stop (53rd Church St) is about 30 paces from the hotel door and catching an E train will take you into central (times square, broadway, china town, little italy, penn street, madison square gdn, macys etc etc) in about 10 minutes. We bought a metro pass for 27$ for the week which we used loads and well worth the money. There is a little Armish Deli Market about 1 block from the hotel. It sells great food such as pizzas, sandwiches, massive salad bar and all things which you need for your room like extra drinks etc. Well worth a visit. I got a great deal through hiltons website for this hotel and i wouldnt hesitate in staying here again.	
May 11 2009 	Great hotel but a bit noisy	We stayed 1 week there, the hotel was great (easy to get from the airport by subway), the room was great and so is the service. Amazing view over ground zero but it's noisy. We stayed on floor 48 and heard the noisy especially in early morning, hotel restaurant is expensive and not so safisfying, you can print online bording pass from the reception and save the expensive business center	
May 5 2009 	Excellent location.	I stayed at the Millenium Hilton from April 24-27 for my best friend's bachelorette party. Great location to trains, shopping and many restaurants. Great view fom th 55th floor and did not hear a sound from the construction. Very clean and service was excellent.Negatives- Total number of guests were 6, so I booked 2 rooms each with 2 &quot;double&quot; beds. When we saw the beds they were definitley NOT double beds. They were singles. We complained and the front desk gave us a roll away bed to make it a bit more comfortable. My advice is to upgrade to a suite or only have 2 people per room.I would definitely stay at the hotel again!!!	
May 1 2009 	Awesome!	Stayed 4/14 - 4/15. Had a great deal $129/nt for City view and was upgraded to Jr. Suite on arrival for additional $15/day. Arrived 10 am and room immediately available. Nice surprise! Check in was quick. Everyone was friendly and helpful. Corner room was decorated nicely, clean and spacious. Great views from 50th floor. Construction noise didn't bother us. Elevators were quick. A few subway lines within very short walking distance so getting around was easy. Ate at Les Halles and Pearl Street Diner for breakfast and lunch- both within 5 - 10 minute walk. Century 21 next door. Plenty of other restaurants/fast food within walking distance. Otherwise, midtown is about a 20 minute subway ride. Only took taxis if it was past 11 p.m. Otherwise, felt safe in area since subway line so close. As for cleanliness, the lobby public bathrooms were a mess. Never got the night turn down service - not sure if we were supposed to??? Not a big deal. Toilet stopped up. Fixed within 10 minutes from calling front desk about problem. Room service within timely manner but burger a little overcooked but still edible. I would definitely stay there again!	
Apr 30 2009	Great Price Great Rooms and Nice Location	We were looking for a decent priced hotel in the city that did not lack comfort or class. The Millenium Hilton in the Financial District was just right. For $170 plus taxes, we had a corner room with two double beds on the 39th floor. Not, bad for NYC. The beds were a little small but the room itself was very clean and stylish. The view was great also. The bathroom was roomy and clean, as well. The subway is a few steps from the hotel and it's only a 20 min ride to mid town. Location is nice and quiet. Although, they are doing constuction on ground zero (which is right across the street), being on the 38th floor, we did not hear a thing...maybe on a lower floor it is different. There is a great deli across the street called The Stage Door or Backstage...something like that. Wonderful food! I'd highly recommend this hotel for the price and the great rooms.	
Apr 25 2009 	Nice surprise	We stayed here for one night of our long Easter weekend because I was able to book a free room with Capital One rewards points, which made it a fantastic stay. We had a Junior Suite on the 44th floor (corner room) and liked it very much. The location is great for doing downtown things and subway is very convenient. I actually like how quiet the neighborhood is at night. We travel to NY often so the location was fine with us, but might not be best for a first time visitor. The price of parking is high, much more than I pay in midtown, which seemed odd to me.The staff was pleasant and helpful, although we didn't have any interaction beyond check-in and check-out. Overall I would stay here again.	
Apr 18 2009 	Great Hotel in a great location	We upgraded to a junior suite and had a fabulous room overlooking the Hudson and the harbor with windows on two sides. We also could see directly into the WTC site. The room was spacious, and the layout terrific to allow one person to sleep while the other watched TV in the other room. The staff is very helpful. Because several subway lines are located right at the hotel, it is very easy to get around or you can easily walk to Little Italy ( what's left of it) or Chinatown, Tribeca or around the FInancial district. The only downside is that the internet in your room is not free.	
Apr 17 2009 	an excellent hotel	An excellent hotel-service brilliant from staff.We had a room on the 50th floor overlooking 'Ground Zero'.My wife was scared of the height but for me it was the best view I have ever had.Night time eating at restaurants was non existent.Oh sorry a BurgerKing was across the road urgh.A tube station was just outside of the front door to take you 'Uptown'.The ferry to take you to Statue of Liberty was only a short walk away.'Wall street' around the corner.If you plan to visit Central Park/E.S.Build then be prepared for a long walk.This hotel deserves it's 4* status.If you have booked it then you will NOT be disappointed	
Apr 16 2009 	Simply stunning views from very high up...	I stayed at the Millenium Hilton for 4 nights early April. It is located just opposite of the ground zero sight. Both interesting and sorrowful...and a bit noisy as there seemed to be constuction all night and all day. Check in, emenities, service, room were all great. .Good location for walking to Chinatown, waterfront, Wall St., Little Italy and very easy to catch the Metro or busses. My room was a real bargain....not sure why as I booked directly on the website and worth much more than I paid for it.	
Apr 16 2009 	Very comfortable elegant hotel	We stayed over Easter, paid a little more than some reviewers but still enjoyed our stay. Reception staff werent very friendly on check in, but the hotel was over booked and they tried to put us in a lower grade room than we had paid for. We refused and after a delay the situation was eventually resolved by the Duty Manager. Our room was on the 34th floor and as noted by a previous reviewer it does have a constant buzzing noise. The bed was very comfortable, a little disappointed that even in a junior suite the shower &amp; bath were combined. The view over the city was nice but if you looked down it was Ground Zero and very depressing. Even more so the numbers of tourists who come each day to stare and take photos quite macabre.Food and drink is very expensive in New York but Church &amp; Dey restaurant was quite good and compared well for value to other restaurants in the area eg; The Palm Restaurant in nearby Tribeca is nothing special yet expect to pay (before taxes etc) Steak $45 and $10-$15 for each side order.Biddy Earlys Irish pub is neither authentic nor friendly. I was born quite close to where Biddy Early, the wise woman from Co Clare lived so I was very excited to experience some Irish hospitality. I have never seen black/white pudding like the burnt offerings we received, there are no facilities to make tea and the coffee was cold. Not very friendly either and we were the only patrons there. The kitchen seem to be run by what appeared to be South American staff, so not terribly authentic.The Hotel is ideally situated for the subway which connects with the sky train for JFK. Daily unlimited tickets for the subway cost just $7.50 or $25 for 5 days. The shuttle from JFK costs $19 but took one and half hours. When it rains it seems to last all day and when the sun shines there is an icy wind, its still winter in New York.I would return to this hotel but only when reminders of mass grave at Ground Zero are gone	
Apr 14 2009	Lower Manhattan Millenium Hilton	Stayed here from April 5 to 10th, 2009. Upgraded to a corner suite on the 51st floor with a great view of Brooklyn Bridge and Statue of Liberty. Excellent room with comfortable surroundings, friendly staff and great Concierge! 25 steps out the door to the 4,5,6 trains to Upper Manhattan and around the corner to giant discount shopping. Just an excellent stay at a great hotel. Highly recommended!	
Apr 13 2009 	a good trip	Last September, our cousin booked a room through vengoo.com for the Millenium Hilton hotel. The rooms were very nice. They reserved a connecting room so that we were all together. It is a clean and nice hotel and also close to Chinatown and Soho. Before going, we used the vengoo.com's Concierge service. It was very good and we didn't expect an online service like that. They booked tickets for my cousin's parents and the tickets were at the hotel when we were there. For our next stay we definetly will use the Millenium and the vengoo.com service.	
Apr 11 2009 	Great hotel at great location	Friendly stuff, clean and comfortable rooms with great view. Would stay there again anytime!	
Apr 8 2009 	Would definitely stay here again! Great value!	My husband and I took our two daughters to New York City for their first visit over spring break. After lots of research online (and through trip advisor), we booked the Hilton in the financial district. The price we got on Hilton's website was awesome, at $179 per night. We also opted for the $20 per night upgrade when we booked, so if a junior suite was available at check-in, we would get it. When we did check in, we did receive the corner, junior suite, for a total of $199 a night, much less than the usual going rate I'm told. We stayed on the 43rd floor, which looked directly down into Ground Zero. At first I thought it was cool, then I thought about all the people that perished on 9/11 at that very spot, and I felt a little sick to my stomach as I laid in bed trying to sleep. The bed was VERY comfortable, and the room and bathroom were exceptionally clean. The hideabed our girls (13 and 11), shared was a bit small (full-sized) and the mattress was a little saggy, but for their size it didn't matter. Having two large flat-screened TVs was a nice plus. The pool had strange hours (only open until 9:45 on the weekends, and 6:00 during the week), and the restaurant (Church and Dey), was WAY TOO overpriced. Don't get stuck eating at the hotel, a lot of restaurants close early in that area of the city. A subway entrance was located just outside the lobby, which was a nice feature. All of the staff was very polite and smiley. The concierge was also helpful and recommended two wonderful pizza places to us (John's Pizza in SOHO on Bleeker St. was AWESOME). The fitness center was also very modern and nice.	
Apr 8 2009 	Great value for a weekend break	Booked two deluxe king rooms for £90 a night, with one that was a corner room. On arrival we were upgraded to a junior corner suite with separate lounge. Hotel rooms as expected were very clean and modern. There is no Wifi access in the rooms and to get access you have to pay nearly $15 for a 24 hour period. The one drawback of staying here is that it is right next to the World Trade Centre site and all the building work at Ground Zero - but this is probably why the hotel is cheap. As long as you are high up in the hotel, the noise dims, but there is noise during the night, although at a lower level than the day. If you want someone 4 star to stay and plan on being out most of the day then this is a good place to stay. Great location, and easy to find - he only drawback is the noise.	
Apr 4 2009 	Simply Excellent	The hotel itself is excellent as the room was. The only annoying thing was that on the 34th floor we lived has a strange noise, sounded like a dial tone. Maybe it came from the construction of the new WTC but we could hear it at the corridor as well. Wasn't a problem because with earplug we slept very well for 4 night. The panorama is outstanding. Overall the hotel is awsome especially for the price we lived there ($110).	
Apr 2 2009 	An okay experience at best	My wife and stayed here over Christmas, the result of a very cheap rate through priceline. The proximity to the WTC made for some odd experiences with tourists - strange to see people smiling and getting their pictures taken in front of what amounts to a huge grave - but we were not bothered by noise from construction.I was very unhappy with the level of service and cleanliness of the hotel. The public areas were disgusting at best. Hotel workers were harried and hadn't received the level of training one would expect from a hotel in this class. The rooms themselves were fine.Location was very nice - close to a number of trains, not too far from shopping, restaurants, etc. Good spot for cabs, etc.As a tourist, it's also important to recognize that this is a business hotel, so all of the extras will include a fee.	
Apr 1 2009 	Best Hotel Experience	I was quite hesitant about staying at the millenium hotel downtown in lieu of the fact that thousands died across the hotel on September 11th. After my initial apprehension I went ahead and booked the rooms from 27th -30th of March. The rates were unbelievable, $109 per night $384 including all taxes and fees. We arrived at the hotel during rush hour on Frday, that did not deter us from receiving a warm welcome as well as the fastest check in I ever experienced. Our King size room was on the 52nd floor of the hotel. We chose a city view at the time of booking which we received at time of check in. The elevator to our floor took less than 15 seconds. It was so fast my ears popped everytime I rode the elevator. Our room was perfect. The 42 inch TV was right across the bed. Enough channels including HBO, which was a delight because I was able to watch sex and the city(the movie). I drew the curtains to the best view in the world. The world trade center construction site was at the bottom and I felt in a weird way part of history because I was witnessing the construction of the symbol of modern day America and all that it represented. It was not till later in the local news that I realized the name of the tower had been changed from Freedom tower to World Trade Center 1. i'm not sure i have an opinion on that, I will let New yorkers decide. After admiring our impeccable room we ventured out to the Witer Garden across the construction site, we were dissapointed in the choice of restaurants in the vicinity. The best place to have breakfast without breaking your wallet is the Whole foods on Murray and Greenwhich ST. Best breakfast ever, they have a breakfast station serving omelettes, pankakes, french toast and everything else you can imagine. I recommend lunch and dinner as well. The hotel is walking distance to Battery Park (waterfront) as well as the pier 17 and Southstreet Seaport (brooklyn Bridge can be viewed from some of the rooms in the hotel as well as the elevator lobby on all floors).The hotel has easy acess to subway A E and C lines which can take you to the uptown area. I am so glad I did not stay in the midtown area, too touristy and crowded. The downtown area has a very sophisticated feel almost like uptown. I was very sad to leave, this was by far the best vacation and hotel stay I have ever had.	
Mar 28 2009 	Pleasantly Surprised	We were very nervous about staying at this Hotel because of all the negative feed back about noise from ground Zero, we also thought the reason it was so cheap for a 4 star was due to people not being able to sleep.Anyway, we took the risk and booked it - we requested a room at the back of the hotel on Level 44 and didn't hear a thing, slept like babies and the room was exactly what we expected from a 4 star Hilton Hotel - However, the money we saved on hotel accommodation was probably eaten up by all the travelling from down town to up town. You need to consider that you're located right down town and about a 20-25 minute train ride to time square...taking the odd taxi ride back &amp; forth soon chews up the dollars...	
Mar 23 2009 	Excellent service	I stayed at the Millenium Hilton for a week last Spring. Everything about my experience there was first rate. The rooms was very nice: modern furnishings, flat screen TV, incredibly comfortable bed, very nice bathroom. But the real star of this hotel is the staff. Every single person I encountered that worked there went out of there way to be helpful. I was able to check in early without hassle, given detailed directions several times, and offered help with my shuttle to the airport. I would definitely stay there again. It is downtown, so it's a little further away from main attractions than some other hotels, but it's close to Soho and Chinatown. It is directly across from Ground Zero and we were warned about noise. It didn't bother me at all. New York is a noisy city anyway and the noise from construction wasn't that loud and I got a good night sleep every night. I loved this hotel!	
Mar 7 2009 	Great Stay in NYC	We just returned from the Millenium Hilton and had a wonderful time. Excellent in every way. It will be our hotel of choice for NYC in the future if the price is right. The hotel is within walking distance of South Street Seaport, which would make its location not ideal for some, but for the room value and easy access to the subway everywhere it could not be beat. We stayed three nights, two nights for the opera at Lincoln Center and one musical on 46th Street. On the 2/3 express subway line two blocks away, it took all of 10/20 minutes to get to the theater/opera.Rates can be as low as $119.00 per night, non-refundable, and they will give you an upgrade, if you ask and if available. We ended up in a corner king, which can rent for $389 per night.And a pool on top of everything else. I did laps every morning.The only downside is the ongoing world trade center construction which is just across the street from the hotel. try to get a room as high as possible and mention the construction. They are aware it can be an annoyance.	
Mar 1 2009 	Friendliest Service in the City	I stayed in this hotel one night for business due to its proximity to my business location. From the moment I checked in to the moment I checked out, service was absolutely amazing. All of the staff were very friendly and accommodating~ a far cry from the service I've received at other national chains in the city. The rooms were quite large for NY and immaculate. I would not hesitate to stay here again if I have the chance.	
Feb 28 2009 	Ideal location for our purpose clean - would stay again	Our tight business schedule meant this location was ideal. We stayed 3 nights. The first night our room overlooked ground zero, very un-feng shui. We moved to the 50th floor the next day in a corner room, absolutely terrific views - the bridges, statue of Liberty, just great views. Room was very clean and the service was great - from the room service to the guys at the door (not sure of their job but they were all very friendly). Although we didn't use the subway, there is a major line that runs less than a block away to take you to the theater district. Seemed convenient but it was too cold for us to walk the 1/2 block - I know, I'm a wimp. Also, conveniently located next door is C21, a discount retailer where I was able to supplement my wardrobe with a few warm sweaters (did not plan well as far as clothing and weather). Would definitely stay again.	
Feb 26 2009 	100% Perfect	I stayed here over Valentines Day weekend and it was just perfect. The view from our room was just breathtaking and the service was second to none. The staff knew us from the moment we walked in the door and did everything to make our stay enjoyable. After the weekend I extended my stay for business and our room went from a romantic escape to a comfortable work space in a instant. This was the first time that I have ever used an in room coffee maker because this was the first time that I have ever seen one so clean and well stocked. The pool was nice except I had trouble locating the towels. I think the girl working the pool area was the only employee who wasn't very helpful. She seemed more interested in her ipod than her job, but that didn't matter much. The dry sauna was just what the doctor ordered after a long day in the city. The only thing missing was a hot tub. Check out was a breeze and once again the lobby staff impressed me beyond words. If you are looking for a nice getaway or need to be fresh for that meeting in the morning the Millenium Hilton is the way to go.SIDE NOTE: Best hotel room TV you will ever have.	
Feb 25 2009 	Breathtaking Views	My partner and I stayed here Valentine's weekend. I booked a 46-54 corner room and the view was worth the extra money. Views of the Hudson River and Empire State Building out of one window and the Brooklyn Bridge and East River out of the other. The lobby is very nice and the doormen were friendly. We had a few drinks at the bar which is very overpriced. Within walking distance of the South Street Seaport and across the street from Century 21, NYC's most popular discount clothing store.I noticed several people had mentioned the lack of restaurants and nightlife. There are several Irish Pubs within a few blocks of the hotel (a couple of blocks north and one block west of Church Street. We ate at the Tribeca Palm steakhouse which is also within walking distance on West Street.Parking was a whopping $55 per night, arriving Friday I was able to find street parking since many parking restrictions on the side streets are lifted for the weekend at either 6PM or 7PM Friday.	
Feb 23 2009 	3rd times a charm....love it	We stayed over valentines weekend....which we really didn't think about when we booked our getaway to NYC. We planned to come to NYC to experience the food, the shopping and the city again for the 3rd time in 3 years, and since it was valentines it just made the trip worth while.We reserved through expedia in combination with the flights from Toronto. and since we have stayed here 2 previous times,it was a no brainer to come back. We have learned the subway system and have used it extensively to roam across the city. The hotel has become our refuge when we have worn out the numbers on the credit cards...sipping cocktails at the bar to refresh and hit the town again...for dinner.This time we did a little research into places near the hotel that stay open passed 9 or 10 in the evening and discovered an Irish pub &quot;biddy earlys' up on Murray st 3/4 blocks north of the hotel . Well within walking distance.The hotel is always quiet and the rooms are always clean. We love the simple attention we get from the staff, the guys at the doors are still the same from when we started staying here. Always friendly.We made reservations for Gordon Ramsay's for Friday night and then for Valentines we booked Del Frisco's for dinner. Always a treat at both restaurants.We always recommend this hotel to anyone travelling to NYC and wondering where to stay.	
Feb 19 2009 	Great deal via priceline - wonderful hotel! Great location	My husband and I got a fabulous deal on priceline for this hotel. Great views of Ground Zero and the river from our room. We had a spacious and clean King room with HUGE windows overlooking Ground Zero - kind of interesting to have a birdeye view of what is happening down there. Hotel conveniently located by several subway stops, so makes getting virtually anywhere very easy! Hotel staff was very nice. One downside is that the pool has odd hours - not open during the day at all during the week, which is not advertised.	
Feb 17 2009 	Very good experience	Very good hotel. Stayed here for 4 nights in late January. The hotel is a very business orientated hotel, which for us was excellent, as the hotel was very quite and peaceful during the day. Rooms are of average size, but very clean and tidy, with a very nice and spacious bathroom. Also a very comfy bed, huge TV and a excellent , but scary view, as the hotel does directly overlook ground zero. Would not call it a luxury hotel, but for those who seek a quite, clean and relaxing hotel, at a good price, I would certainly recommend it	
Feb 16 2009 	Quiet clean Hotel	Stayed in this hotel on Valentine's day 2009 with our one year old daughter.Reservation: We had booked a room with a king bed,but when we checked in about 1:30AM, they told us they had no more king beds, only double beds. The desk agent told us that we should have called by 1pm to confirm our reservation to make sure we got a room with a king bed. In the end, we got a double bed room on the 34th floor.Staff: Very courteous, apologetic about the lack of the reserved room.Cleanliness: Very clean, very quiet which made for a good night with a one year old.	
Feb 8 2009 	Nice Hotel	Stayed here Friday and Saturday night. Booked on Priceline 200.00 a night. Arrived around noon on Friday and were able to check in on arrival. Hotel staff could have been alittle more friendly. Stayed on the 52nd floor. View was directly over the WTC site. Room was a great size. King size bed, desk, and chair. Good size bathroom. Room was alittle warm despite turning off the heat. We were able to open the windows which did help alot. Hotel is a few blocks away from several subway stops. It was in walking distance to South Street Seaport ... about 8-10 blocks. Hotel is around the block from St Pauls Cathedral and Century 21. Did not find much nightlife or places to dine around the hotel.	
Feb 4 2009 	Wowzers! What an incredible place to stay on the weekends!	3 friends and I stayed here over Halloween weekend in 2008 and had an absolute blast. (NYC is a hoot over Halloween, btw!) Staying in the financial district on the weekends is very cheap, and this hotel is just a block or two from countless subway stops. You're also walking distance to Battery Park if you're playing tourist and plan on visiting the Statue of Liberty. The rooms are absolutely gorgeous and staying on the 29th floor had incredible views of the river and the World Trade Center site (the hotel goes well above 50 or 60 floors). The pullout sofa and bed were incredibly comfortable, the housekeeping staff was very attentive, and the flat screen tvs in each room were a great perk. For less than $300 each night, you can't beat this in NYC!	
Jan 28 2009 	Great overnight stay in New York	The Millenium Hilton is one of the best hotels in the Wall Street area. We stayed one night for a business trip for my wife, and had an elegant room with a Hudson River view on the 41st floor. Even though the hotel overlooks Ground Zero, you cannot see directly into the construction site unless you try to do so. Instead, you get a breathtaking view of the sun reflecting off the office towers of Jersey City at sunrise. The hotel has a very nice exercise room, with more than the usual quota of equipment, and a swimming pool (a rarity for Manhattan hotels, particularly downtown). I paid $200 on Priceline, which I believe to be considerably less than the fees quoted on most of the usual travel sites. Overall, I would not hesitate to recommend the hotel.	
Jan 26 2009 	Lackluster Experience	I stayed at the Millennium Hilton on a recent business trip to NYC. I booked the room via the &quot;name your own price&quot; vehicle on Priceline. I was locked in after the Hilton accepted my price. Otherwise I never would have chosen to stay in the financial district--I would have stayed in Midtown or Union Square. the financial district shuts down at night and there is literally nobody on the street, which is a little scary, especially with the dark World Trade Center pit directly across the street. I used to live in NYC and now I live in San Francisco, so i know the NYC neighborhoods well.The lady who checked me in lacked typical graces expected of a person in that role, but she did allow me to check in early, which was so nice because I had a business meeting for which I had to prepare. That is a huge huge favor and I have to give them credit for it. She said, &quot;Do not expect us to do it again!&quot;They charge you $15 per day for internet and $2 per page you print. Yikes! My cell phone also does not work on the 51st floor. So it is not very conducive to getting business done.the room is decent and has nice linens. The window is a little dirty, but it has a view of the Brooklyn and Manhattan Bridges over the east river which is charming.	
Jan 23 2009 	Love the Hilton	I have stayed at this hotel on two seperate occassions. During our last stay ground zero (which is directly across the street) was under construction. The hotel provided guests with ear plugs but I did not find it necessary as I was out of the room for most of the day and upon my return the construction site was vacant. I had a room directly overlooking ground zero. It is an experience with many mixed emotions. To have the opportunity to have that view from above both in 2006 and again in 2008 is something that I will never forget. Staff are curtious and attentive.The hotel is in Manhattan which is a ways from all the sites and shopping (5th Ave) in New York. The hotel is located near the subways (which is a very cost effective and convenient mode of transportation once you get the hang of it) and also in close proximity to the financial district (stayed for pleasure in 2006 and both business and pleasure in 2008). I was able to walk to Wall Street. Great place to stay in New York for business or pleasure.	
Jan 21 2009 	Clean confortable and convienient!	Review:The Millennium Hilton is an all around great hotel for a traveler visiting New York, for any length of time. Before I continue on with this review, I’d just like to let my fellow travellers know that I’ve stayed in New York before, so check out my other reviews for a comparison, if you liked this one.My friend and I booked a five night stay at the Millennium Hilton. We arrived at the hotel on the 21st of December 2007 and planned to stay there through Christmas. The hotel was nicely decorated and the location of the hotel is an ideal spot for those wishing to stay in this city during this busy time. Midtown and Times Square were both chaotic at almost every hour of the day. Even after midnight, the streets in Midtown were filled neck to neck with people. I liked the fact that the downtown area of Manhattan wasn’t so hectic and crazy and if you can imagine how Times Square can be when it is busy, picture Midtown and Fifth Ave just flooded with pedestrians in every usable inch of sidewalk space. If you choose the Millennium Hilton, you can avoid this mad rush as you leave the hotel and when you come back to it at the end of the day. It is nice to be able to breathe and see a more relaxed side of New York and if this appeals to you than I’d definitely recommend this hotel or any other hotel in this area of the city.The room we were given was on the 54th floor of the hotel (there are 55 floors in total). Since our room was not ready at check-in, we were given a complimentary upgrade to this higher city view room. The views of Ground Zero and the surrounding area were impressive and you could even see the Statue of Liberty in the distance. Due to the location of this hotel, you might expect construction noise at all hours of the night, but luckily for us, it seemed that construction wasn’t in full swing during the Christmas holiday. I believe the hotel has lowered their rates to reflect the disadvantage it faces with the construction nearby, and we got a fantastic rate for our room for booking it in advance.The room itself was above average in size for this city. There was a large king sized bed, floor to ceiling windows, large closet, and a comfy chair. It was an all around comfortable space for us. The room also had things like an umbrella, safe, fridge (filled with Hilton items only, which are on a sensor, so they cannot be removed), snacks, pay-movies, and Crabtree and Evelyn bathroom amenities. These bathroom products were nice and were replaced once they were taken out of their basket, not once they were completely empty. I appreciated that the Hilton changed our bedding and towels when needed and that the room was cleaned to a high standard each day. I had no issues with our room or housekeeping and definitely feel that standards for quality are high at this Hilton hotel.The hotel has an indoor heated swimming pool, sauna, massage room, lobby bar, restaurant, fitness centre, and more. It is conveniently located next to several subway stations, which is great for those who would like to save time and money, as traveling by taxi can get quite expensive. From Newark airport, I simply hopped on the air train (free) to catch a train to Penn Station in Jersey (7.75), and from here it was easy and cheap to hop on the Path train into New York (1.50). One of the reasons I enjoyed staying at this hotel so much was that I was able to travel so cheaply to and from the airport and the final Path train stop is located right at Ground Zero, which means the Millennium Hilton is literally at it’s doorstop. For this reason alone, I would definitely consider staying at the Millennium Hilton again.The restaurant in this hotel is good, but nothing special. I would recommend eating here if you want a decent meal, but don’t expect to be blown away. It ranks better than most of the hotel restaurants I’ve eaten at, but it is also much more expensive. Entrée’s here average $19-25, which is a little pricey but if you’re pressed for time, it will do the job, I just wouldn’t bank on eating here every day. They offer two breakfast buffet options: one is $17.95 and gives you access to juice, coffee, pastries, and cold breakfast items; however, for 21.95 you can also have hot breakfast food. We tried it once and thought it was quite good, and the selection of both hot and cold items was quite large. Some of the hot buffet breakfast items included: sausages, bacon, scrambled eggs, hash, hash browns, French toast, waffles, and a few other items. In my opinion, it is worth trying once during your trip.Lastly, I'd like to note that this hotel has full sized bathrooms. I know that this is very important to some travellers, so I wanted to point it out. You'll have a large counter to store and place all of your toiletries, etc. It's also a very bright room. This is in stark contrast to most of the bathrooms located in the Grand Hyatt New York.Issues:We only had one problem during our stay at this hotel and it was regarding the disgusting service we received in the lobby bar. The main bartender there is extremely rude and should be fired. I won’t go into details here about the problem, but it was serious in nature and it happened on Christmas eve, of all nights. I will take a moment to thank the director of food and beverages at this Hilton property for resolving the issue for us. He was able to compensate us for the incident that happened and as a result, we definitely will be returning to this property in the future. I would, however, never, ever order a drink from the lobby bar. The director of food and beverages is committed to making sure every guest feels welcome at this hotel. Service at the hotel restaurant was also somewhat lackluster, and we often had to raise our hands or get out of our seats to signal the staff to refill our orange juice glasses. The food was above average, and no one was rude to us there, it's just that the service was lacking.Update:Well, I’m posting this review a year late, but better late than never. I’ve decided to return to New York for Christmas 09, with a small group of friends, and we’ve decided to stay once again at the Millennium Hilton for part of our future trip. We’ll stay at another property as well (mostly to cut-down on costs), but we couldn’t resist booking with the Millennium Hilton for the following reasons: convenient restaurant inside hotel (which is important for a stay over Christmas day!), indoor heated swimming pool, location, price of room, view from rooms, cleanliness, etc.	
Jan 21 2009 	Like a big tall boutique hotel (on steroids.)	I cannot wait to stay in this hotel again. The quietest room I have stayed in in NY but not the highest (only the 50th floor.)Views over the East river and midtown.Unobtrusive service, a comfortable comfortable bed, a pool, fast lifts.The lack of complimentary internet was a bit 1990s but there is a complimentary airline check-in terminal in the lobby.I was in NY on a leisure trip and found this hotel clean, quiet and located perfectly for my needs.	
Jan 16 2009 	Cleanest Hotel in the City	I acutally did not pay a thing to stay at the Millenium Hotel on Dec 30- Jan 1st because I won a contest on the computer. I thought I would write a review because this is the cleanest hotel I have ever stayed in. We stayed on the 46th floor with breath taking views of the Hudson River, the Statue of Liberty, the NYC skyline and of coarse Ground Zero. The amenities were above par, the bed was the best I have ever slept on and we did not hear any construction noise at all. The staff were always helpful and friendly. This would have been a 5 star if it wasn't for the front desk calling to tell us 2x that we ate from the mini bar which we did not. They also tried to tell my family in 2 other rooms that they did also. I am not sure why that was but seemed a little fishy. Other then that it was the best place to stay especially in my case since it was free. I would not spend 400+ dollars on it but might shell out 200 for it. Also it is far enough away from tourist attractions to get some sleep but not too far to get to the attractions. In my opinion a wonderful New Years Eve stay.	
Jan 13 2009 	Nice Stay	Stayed at the Millenium Hilton from December 2-6th for a business course. The hotel was right next to 7 World Trade Center where the course was being conducted. The hotel provided all necessities required and the room was more than adequate. We were on the 25th floor and had a corner room overlooking ground zero and the church. Room was clean. Had a problem with the heat (wouldn't turn off) and the TV (volume was hard to control) and both were rectified immediately. Ground Zero noise was bothersome, but they usually finished working around 11. Only a problem a couple of nights as we were out past 11 anyways. The hotel did provide ear plugs if you wanted them. Can't comment on the restaurants as we ate out every night. I used the fridge supplied in my room to store other things I bought outside the hotel. The fridge is on a sensor system so if you remove something it shows up on your bill. I brought this to the attention of the front desk when I received my bill and they reversed the charges immediately. The hotel is located near subway terminals which allows for quick transportation to popular attractions like times square, empire state, flatiron building, Macy's etc. The hotel is also within walking distance to the southside seaport which is worth the trip. There are great places to eat and the shopping is good.Century 21 department store is located right next to the hotel. Visited every day and came out with something new every day at usually 65% discount.	
Jan 13 2009 	New Year @ The Millenium Hilton	Stayed @ the 'Millenium Hilton' Hotel with my Wife for 5 nights over the New Year period. We were on the 49th floor(room 4909) with stunning views over the Hudson River, Statue of Liberty/Ellis Island &amp; 'Ground Zero'. Our room was spotlessly clean with all the amenities expected including tea/coffee maker, ironing board &amp; mini bar(very expensive). The bed was the most comfortable I have ever slept in!! with clean linen every day. I used the pool/sauna on the 5th floor on several occassions, the water was so warm.... a tranquil retreat after a day of shopping and sightseeing in NYC. We did not use the 'Church &amp; Day' Restaurant on the 3rd floor although it did look quite nice but fairly expensive. We did have a drink in the 'Liguid Assets' lobby bar...... $12 for a glass of wine &amp; $7.50 for a bottle of Budweiser!!!!!We were quite surprised by the amount of Bars/Restaurants in the vicinity of the Hotel. Try 'Mocca' a few hundred yards up Church St for something to eat...reasonably priced good food ,and 'Biddy Earlys' Irish Pub on Murray St(off Church St - 5 mins walk from hotel) for a cheap beer, $8 for a pitcher of 'Coors'. Also South St. Seaport ,only 5 mins walk from Hotel, is well worth a visit. Wall St, Battery Park &amp; the Brooklyn Bridge also only a few mins walk away as wellWe used both the nearby subway($2) and taxis($10-$15) to get up to Midtown sights.Overall a great stay at a very comfortable Hotel, far enough away from the hustle/bustle of Midtown but still only minutes by subway or taxi.	
Jan 9 2009 	Very dirty and weak on service	The hotel was disgustingly dirty. I'm not kidding when I say that I found my room filty: nail clippings in the bathroom, toothpaste mess on the counters, food spills on the furniture, dirty floors, etc. I asked for the manager and only had someone from housekeeping show up. My room was swapped but the new room was not impressive even though they were to have cleaned it carefully.I travel a lot and stay at high-end hotels. This is NOT a four-star hotel and I will never return.	
Jan 8 2009 	Millenium Hilton	Due to snow, we left for the city early arrived at about 7 a.m.. Check-in time is 3:00, but the staff let us check in early! Our view was of Ground Zero (not a nice view), but we could also see the Statue of Liberty. The staff told us that we may hear construction noise, as Ground Zero is still being worked on every day but Sunday. They provided earplugs, bub we didn't need or use them. The only thing we didn't like about the hotel was the location. There's a subway right on the corner, but it's the last stop on the F train, so you have to wait for an F to get down there. I got on another that looked like it had a stop close to the hotel, and it was a nightmare walking to the hotel because of all the construction, closed streets and sidewalks, etc. It rained and/or snowed the whole weekend, so we ended up getting lots of cab rides, which got expensive because the hotel is so far away from midtown, broadway, and all the other cool neighborhoods. Hotel room was super clean.	
Jan 7 2009 	Excellent Stay	I'm not sure what peoples problems are with this hotel, but I class myself as a light sleeper, and my room was facing the WTC site, and I could not hear any works going on wheather I was having a sleep during the day or night.I was upgraded to a King Corner Suite on the 27 floor, and had great view to the north as well as the WTC. I don't find the site &quot;grim&quot; but am fascinated at the work going on.Overall we had another excellent stay, and if your looking for accommodation downtown, this hotel should be your first choice.Subway connections are great, did not use the restaurant, as we ate at the Stage Door Deli across the way for breakfast.Would stay again without hesitation.	
Jan 6 2009 	Very good hotel but a bit far from tourist attractions	I used to be able to get this hotel for about $130 on Priceline in 2003-2005 (post 9/11), but now the rates are back up to the $400+ rate off hilton.com and Priceline is in the $250+ range. It is a nice, chic hotel with modern décor and pretty spacious rooms. As a Hilton Diamond member the last time I was here (7/2008) I was upgraded to a junior suite and also received free breakfast at the restaurant. Both were nice touches and I have a positive impression of the hotel. While I would recommend it overall, the combination of the higher price point and less convenient location to major tourist sites and my meetings, I don’t (and wouldn’t) stay here on a regular basis. That said, it is a completely fine hotel – just not the best for my needs.	
Jan 5 2009 	Great Stay with Family	My wife, son (12 years old) and I stayed at the Millenium Hilton a few days before New Year's Eve. The purpose of the trip was to catch some shows, shop and see the sights. We purposely chose to stay away from midtown and the Times Square areas. The Millenium was at a great location to get away from the crowds and experience Lower Manhatten, but still convenient to Broadway, Central Park and shopping. There were several subway stations very close to the hotel.The hotel met and exceeded our expectations for a NYC hotel. We had a junior suite on the 51st floor that was super clean, comfortable and fairly spacious. Our room had views of the rivers, Statue of Liberty, Ellis Island and into the Trade Center's work site. My son really enjoyed the bird's eye view and watching the construction on the WTC site. The construction activities did not bother us.The hotel's front desk, bell and security staff were very friendly, helpful and courteous. The front desk was able to accommodate our requests for early check in and late check out. Although parking was expensive ($65 a day/SUV), it was on site and the parking attendants were very efficient during a very busy time.It you are looking for grand public spaces, a lot of restaurants and an ostentatious atmosphere, this is not your hotel. But, if you are looking for an upscale hotel in a great location with modern, very comfortable and clean rooms with great staff, then you may want to consider this hotel.	
Dec 31 2008	average...given 'priceline' room	stayed there during an expensive time, between christmas and new years...got an ok deal thru priceline...would have preferred times square or midtown west, but felt this area was fine.I arrived at 9pm from a long day of flying...sarah at the front desk checked us in, friendly enough, but given a dreaded 'priceline' room...i asked for 2 double beds and something quiet away from the elevator...was given a king right across from the elevator...had a bellman with us, I wouldn't even go into the room..didn't want to hear &quot;ding&quot; all night....he was very helpful and got us a room further down the hall, but a lower level..it was very noisy due to the WTC construction....went downstairs to complain and was offered to get a new room tomorrow or they could send up a sound machine of some type...decided to suck it up and spend one night in that room..the next morning went downstairs to get a new room and got a better one...27th floor corner room with 2 double beds...was very satisfied with this room...internet was fast, beds were comfy and tv was huge...Didn't eat at the restaurants..easy access to subway...be sure and take the &quot;e&quot; and not &quot;a &quot;or &quot;c&quot; on the way home or you'll end up several streets away trying to find your way back home...my only complaint is the comforters smelled dirty and they never changed the pillowcases while i was there and one was dirty with food and not from us....	
Dec 16 2008 	Honeymoon stay in NYC (on points)	The location of this Hilton hotel is very good, if you are looking to spend time in the lower part of Manhattan. Its just opposite to the World Trade Center work area, and yes, it does sound even up to the 50th floor, but if you are bothered or not, I cannot answer. Its just around the corner from Wall street, and easy access to the metro. Walking distance to SoHo and Chinatown/Little Italy. The fitness- and pool area is supposedly very good, but did not have the time. A quite good hotel with a marvelous view.Location 6/10:At the bottom of Manhattan with easy access to Wall Street and boats to either Statue of Liberty or New Jersey. Its between two metro stations. Walking distance to SoHo, Chinatown and Little Italy and its shopping, restaurants, etc.. It’s a drive with taxi if you want to go too mid Manhattan or Times Squre.Lobby/Check-in 6/10:Small and average lobby, nothing special. The man check us in was not service minded, but just did his job, nothing more. Elevators were super fast, which was fun.Room 7/10:We asked for, and was upgraded, to a corner room with Brooklyn view. So we had a marvelous view from the 50th floor (5009), with the Statue of Liberty and the WTC work area from one window and Brooklyn and Brooklyn Bridge towards the other. It was quite breathtaking to be in bed and see this view. The room was not big, but enough. It fitted a large king size bed, a chair with ottoman and a desk. The closet was small and just a few drawers. The negative part was that the big flat screen TV was placed on the wall to the right of the bed, so it was difficult to see. The bathroom was big and very good, with a large wasbasin and area. The negative was the shower head that when I tried to move it up or down, it almost came out of the tiles.Restaurants 6/10:I did not dine at either of the restaurants in the hotel. So I cannot comment on it, but we had breakfast, which was a quite nice buffé, whith all the necessary breakfast things, but also very American. The plus was the view of the WTC work area.Other:Fitness center/pool area seemd quite good. We just went there to see if we were going to use it, so we can only comment on that, but it seemed good. No jacuzzi, but a good size pool and a shared steem sauna. The gym had a few machines for work out and some free weights, basically you have what is needed for a good, hotel, work out.	
Dec 15 2008 	Grim	This hotel is okay but very austere. But the thing I would want others to know is that the rooms overlook the former World Trade Center so if looking out at the site of a massacre of 3,000 people is a downer for you, maybe try another hotel. Restaurant is grossly overpriced and inefficient if polite service. Small rooms but not too bad for NYC.	
Dec 3 2008 	Convenient locale noisy	We love the hotel for being in Financial/ lower Manhattan which, although not busy on the weekends, is very handy for Newark arrivals, next door to discount shopping Mecca Century 21. It's also right by the 5/6 subway and walking distance to the 4. On a nice day, it's an easy walk to Chinatown, Little Italy, Bowery and TribecaOn the downside, it's dead at night and the construction at the twin towers means a lot of noise unless you pay extra for a city view.	
Nov 19 2008 	Perfect Stay at the Millenium	This is an excellent hotel, with large rooms (by NYC standards) and excellent views. The location is excellent (subway stop right outside the hotel entrance) and next to Ground Zero as others have noted. The construction noise was not an issue- I did notice that the cranes were working early Sunday morning when I looked out of our window, but I could not hear them. We were on the 17th floor. Also, we found it to be very new and clean, and could not hear noise from other rooms or the hallway. We were also pleased with our rate through Hotwire. Overall, it was a fantastic stay.	
Nov 9 2008 	Definitely NOT a 4 star....	There are some positives about this hotel... The location is great (out of the way but well connected to the subway/mass transit), the rooms are a good size, and the view is incredible. However, we experienced a number of problems which made the stay almost unsatisfactory.First of all, we came in and wanted to check out the refrigerator... but it wouldn't open for some reason. Then we noticed there was a cup missing and hair and a stain on the bed. We immediately called Guest Services and they advised they would send an engineer and house keeping up immediately to rectify the issues. We then went out of the room for a few hours to go explore. When we came back the bed was in exactly the same condition as we left it and the refrigerator still would not open. We called back down and they replied, &quot;Oh, house keeping said they already changed the sheets.&quot; This was, however, was a complete lie because we had moved pillows and the sheets around and they were untouched. After explaining this to the front desk manager she replied, &quot;Oh, OK. Do you still want the sheets made up then?&quot; Flabbergasted, I replied, &quot;Yes! That's why I called the first time 3 hours ago!!&quot; I also made sure to tell them to come after 6:30PM b/c we were in a rush to get to a dinner reservation (it was 6:00PM when I called). Five minutes later, however, both housekeeping and &quot;engineering&quot; came up and I had to explain again to please come back at 6:30. Fortunately, this time when we returned from dinner, all problems were solved... or so we thought.The next morning when we took a shower, there were long and nasty hairs all in the tub and on the tile wall of the shower. We hadn't noticed it the day before because we hadn't used the shower. This clearly showed us that they either did not clean at all or did a totally unsatisfactory job of cleaning. Overall, it's a decent hotel - fortunately, we paid a lesser rate through Priceline. However, I'm a gold member and have come to expect a certain level of service which, had I paid full rate, I would be completely dissatisfied by this stay. Management was, in general, indifferent and lackadaisical Only stay here if you get the cheapest rate possible. .	
Oct 25 2008 	Efficient business hotel	Great location for business downtown. The rooms are quite large for NY and the bathroom is modern. The best part was that we had a spare afternoon before the flight and the concierge was able to suggest the perfect tour so that I finally managed to see some of NY. Gym is brand new and quite well equiped for a hotel	
Oct 16 2008 	Top Location - go back when construction finished	Top venue &amp; away from Times Square and midtown (if thats what you prefer), everything went well and we were lucky to stay from Friday night through Monday night so Sat, Sun morning quiet and even Mon as a bank holiday (columbus day). only issue was tues morning as construction started early on the Ground Zero site. Couldnt fault it otherwise	
Oct 15 2008 	Great hotel!!!!	Loved it!!! Clean, comfy,spacious,relatively close to dining, shopping, etc.; yet not so close to Times Square, Central Park, etc. Otherwise, no hidden fees, no over-billing, no problems. The noise from the construction at Ground Zero was not insupportable either, they did offer earplugs and told us that we could request what they called a &quot;sleep machine&quot; were we to have trouble sleeping. As one can imagine, after an entire day of sightseeing,who needs earplugs?  We were really fascinated by their extremely fast elevators: they go from the lobby level to the 43th floor,where our room was located, in the blink of an eye. The way they just fly between floors is awesome! The only minor complaint we have was the fact that in the room adjacent to ours, a.k.a that shared an in- room door, there was someone who really enjoyed watching loud TV past 12 am...situation that of course,created some tension between us, as one of us felt like calling the front desk and informing them of the situation. Otherwise, we wouldn't doubt staying at this hotel again. On a personal note, we were really sad to see the Towers gone...which of course won't last long as they are very busy rebuilding them.	
Oct 15 2008 	Large room - Great stay	My sister and I stayed 3 nights at the Milleminum and had a wonderful stay. We had a large bathroom, king bed, full size desk with chair, large plasma TV, a mini fridge, lots of storage space, a wing chair and ottoman and still had room to move around. Our room overlooked the World Trade Center construction site, we were told that it may be noisy. There was some noise but not bothersome in the least. We took the subway everywhere, its so much faster. We purchased a daily metro pass(MTA) this made getting around easier. We walked through Tribeca, SoHo and Greenwich Village and dined in the West Village. I would highly reccomend this area. Times Square is extremely busy. We also had dinner in the port area, at the end of Fulton Street, also worth the trip.	
Oct 15 2008 	Good Hotel	Very clean, very classy. I had a suite on the 40th floor (bedroom and sitting room connected) which was the largest hotel room I have ever been in in NYC. Staff was friendly. No complaints. (Please note that there is construction going on immediately next door where the Twin Towers stood. The construction seemed to end around 9pm or so and start up again between 6am and 7am. So, if you are a light sleeper or particularly bothered by construction, I would avoid this hotel for a while.)	
Oct 12 2008 	Decent Business Hotel	This is a good business hotel - attractive lobby, decent sized and well appointed rooms. You get a birds eye view of Ground Zero and with it 24 hour noise (even thirty odd floors up). The corridors were rather drab. My real objection to this hotel was just that it seemed to lack any wow factor - but I guess that's to be expected in a large, non boutique, chain hotel.	
Oct 12 2008 	couldn't have been better	Just returned from a spur-of-the-moment honeymoon in NYC. We booked our room by naming our own price through priceline, and - to our great fortune - ended up at the Millenium Hilton for 6 nights at a very reasonable rate. Our request for a quiet room was accommodated, and I can honestly say that I don't remember sleeping as well for so many nights in a row. The bed was comfortable, the sheets were soft, the room was immaculate, and our view of the bridges and Brooklyn was fabulous. The staff was extremely helpful - my husband received great advice on romantic things to do in the city from the concierge and upon hearing that we had just gotten married the desk staff sent up complimentary chocolate dipped strawberries and sparkling wine. We weren't staying on the side that faced the WTC construction, but during the daytime the noise was not that bad on the street level. Also, the hotel is perfectly situated next to several subway stops and Century 21. Our stay couldn't have been better.	
Oct 8 2008	Fabulous Holiday and Great Hotel	My boyfriend booked me a surprise holiday to NYC for my 30th birthday at Christmas and it was the best ever as he also proposed. We went over new year 2007/2008. Hotel - Situated in downtown NY, we were on the 17th floor so had a very touching and memorable view of ground zero. The ongoing work on the WTC site is 24hr so prepare for a bit of noise although the windows muffle the sound a little, it's still audible. The hotel is very clean and the staff are very friendly, the hotel has a concierge so use this service when you can i.e reservations for restaurants etc. The pool looked lovely but we never used it as we were too busy doing the touristy things. The menu looked appertising although we never ate in the hotel and the room service charge was high. The room was big with a bed to die for - very comfy and cosy.Out &amp; About - You definitely need to get the subway (E train) from WTC subway or a taxi to midtown ($2) per ride, it is not within walking distance. Downtown Broadway (the road) becomes very dark and quite at night as the shops close so try to avoid walking here.If you are planning to go on the Staten Island Ferry to pass the Stat of Lib I would advise getting to Battery Park for one of the first crossings of the day as the queue gets very long.I recommend a Broadway show to complete your stay tickets can be booked via the concierge or by turning up to the theatre &amp; booking direct - Mary Poppins was $50 each (£25 at the time) much more expensive through your tour op.Overall - I loved every second of NY and found the people v.friendly. I would go back tomorrow and I would stay in this hotel again but as we spent a lot of time Midtown I may book a hotel nearer there.Thank you for making my stay (&amp; birthday) very special.	
Sep 30 2008	Great	Stayed 4 nights on the 49th floor in a corner room (4901). View was incredible, out one window, we could see the SoL and out the other, the Brooklyn Bridge. Was a bit pricey for my budget, but this was a special trip for us and the Mill Hilton made it even better. Added bonus, the E train is less than 300 ft from the front door. Highly recommend.	
Sep 30 2008 	Great hotel Location not so much	We enjoyed the hotel, nicely decorated stylish rooms. Quite spacious for New York. The location is not ideal for anyone who plans to spend a lot of time midtown or uptown. Taxi's to Times Square anywhere from $11 - 15 each time and although subway is close by, during our stay the E line wasn't operating. Great location for Wall Street and walking distance to South Street Seaport. Ongoing construction at World Trade Centre site however noise was not a problem. Overall a good stay however my next visit we will stay further uptown.	
Sep 29 2008	Reasonable rates great rooms fine location	With reasonable rates, excellent spacious rooms with great views of the city and a decent location close to a busy subway line this hotel quickly became my preferred place to stay in Manhattan.It may not have the immediate proximity to major New York landmarks as a hotel near Times Square, but the Millennium Hilton is less than a block to the E line. I've always found it easy to get around town using the hotel as the starting location. The nightlife round the hotel is non-existent, so you should budget for a $20 cab ride back at night -- or just take a subway back for $2.The rooms are very large and the furnishings, as with any Hilton, are excellent. Huge, comfy king beds that you can disappear into, a few chairs and tables arranged around the room, and well-sized bathrooms that are always clean.One of the biggest draws for me is the swimming pool at the hotel, which is a real treat. It's never too crowded and it's a pleasant way to unwind. There's also a sauna -- though the heat is only slightly above room temperature, so I guess it's more of a lukewarm paneled room -- fitness center and a decent business center that I've used a few times.The staff are friendly and the concierges I've dealt with all have encyclopedic knowledge of the city. They add to what is always a pleasant experience staying at this hotel.	
Sep 17 2008 	Nice hotel indifferent service construction noise	I stayed here for one night for a wedding in NYC. The hotel is nice, and the bedding and toiletries were decent. The shower pressure was not the greatest. The big issue I wanted to mention is that the hotel is across the street from Ground Zero, and construction is practically 24-7 there now. There was a pair of earplugs in the room and a note from the manager about it. I was there on a Saturday night and construction seemed to start around 7am Sunday. It didn't bother me because I was already up, but this could be a big issue for some.	
Sep 17 2008	Loud. Very LOUD !!	Having read a few of the reviews for this hotel i was sceptical about the level of noice from Ground Zero. We stayed on the 39th floor and it was incredibly noisy, not just during the day but at night as well. They are working through the evening and well into the night so if you are staying here you had better be a deep sleeper.Service was reasonable although we did have to call house keeping to ensure our room was tidied and the bed was made. This was not done on our first day for some reason.Didn't have time to use the pool but it looked to be clean and in good condition.Good location for lower Manhattan but given the price of the hotel and the buidling work i would not be staying here on my next trip to NY.	
Sep 16 2008 	A great hotel in New York at a good rate	This is a great hotel. Within walking distance are 5th Avenue, Empire States building, Grand Central station, Time square. The view from my room was brilliant watching the sunrise across Brooklyn. The gym is good and the horizon pool on the 28th floor has to be seen, especially at night. Just check out the tennis court on the 32nd floor.My room was clean, well furnished and quite spacious for New York	
Sep 14 2008 	Downtown Delight	Great location in downtown NYC. We were on the 16th floor directly overlooking the WTC site and had virtually no building noise. The room was spacious, clean and luxurious - everything you would expect from a Hilton really. The bar was good but we didn't eat in the restaurant. The pool was great and the gym looked good. In a very convenient location - only a few minutes walk to Battery Park and the ferry to Liberty Island. The subway station is just outside the front entrance to the hotel. Would certainly recommend as a good base for New York visit.	
Sep 10 2008 	Its a gem	Hilton Millenium is as comfortable and tranquil as it is majestic from outside. The people at the reception are very helpful. We checked in early and the reception gave us a room on one of the top floors. The room was spacious with a very confy bed, flat screen tv, clean bathroom with Crabtree and Evelyn bath and body products. The tall wide windows provided breathtaking views of downtown Manhattan and Brooklyn bridge. The housekeeping is quick to respond and meticulous. We never felt any disturbances from the Ground zero construction going on next to the hotel. There are variety of hotels nearby for lunch and dinner. Its very easy to reach any other place from here since the subway is just across the road.We enjoyed every bit of our stay here, specially sipping wine while seated on the window pelmet and watching the Brooklyn bridge sparkling all night long.	
Sep 5 2008 	Slick Downtown Hotel	Glass walled building across from Ground Zero, it stands majestically in downtown Manhattan, the Hilton Millennium offers luxury accommodation for both leisure and business travelers alike in a very convenient location - just steps away from the subway station that will take you to anywhere you need to get to in minutes. The lobby is small but chic, staff members were plentiful and most efficient. The rooms were very new and while they may lack in size, the decor and amenities surely made up for it. We had 2 rooms on the higher floors so we were able to enjoy not one, but two breathtaking views of NYC. Actually, one was a corner room, so we had really had three views as the corner room had two windows!!!	
Sep 4 2008 	Absolutely Gorgeous View!!! We will be back...........	Beautiful room with the most gorgeous view of the city skyline! We were somewhere around/above the 20th floor and had a Jr Suite (end unit) with a small living room area with a bar, desk and flat screen tv. Then we had a large bedroom with a king bed and (almost) floor to ceiling windows of a magnificent city view and another large flat screen tv. Bathroom was large and clean, very nice! The staff was wonderful and very helpful whenever needed. My husband and and will be back again in October for another night in the city, can't wait. Great location for visiting both South Street Seaport and Little Italy.	
Sep 2 2008 	Fantastic View!!	The view was absolutely amazing from the 49th floor corner King Suite. The computers were down when we checked in which seems to be a problem quite a bit...could be all the construction next door at the World Trade Center though. The rooms were meticulously clean and the housekeepers know their jobs and are very efficient. You never see them, but your room is always clean and ready. The location is great - lots of nice, casual restaurants around. Got a great manicure/pedicure around the corner and sushi. Walked up to Canal Street for shopping. The lobby is horrible with all the tourists coming in and using the bathroom. It could not possibly be any smaller and it is quite astonishing how poorly laid out it is. The front desk is helpful though and just ignore the bellman and take your own bags. It isn't worth it to hail one down when the elevators are so close and quick. The beds are really soft, but the pillows are too soft so had to ask for some foam ones. They came up pronto! The only problem was our family coming to visit - they were staying at another hotel and they would ring our room often and the phone never rang. Important as they were going to leave on a flight back to the UK that night so they were in the lobby for an hour waiting for us. We didn't even know they were early. Overall, worth every penny. Use the AAA rate!	
Sep 1 2008 	Nice hotel located in downtown Manhattan	My wife and I stayed here after getting married. We wanted to get away from family and friends so we went to Priceline.com and ended up with this place. My wife was able to get a good deal from Priceline for one night. The hotel is right across the street from the site of the WTC (World Trade Center). Check in was fast and easy. We were on the ninth floor. All rooms face the WTC construction site. There were ear plugs on the desk and a note apologizing for any noise from the construction across the street. The receptionist also apologized and told us if it became unbearable to contact the front desk. We never heard any construction, but we did stay on a Saturday night, so construction was probably light. It might be worse during the weekday. The room was very nice. Flat screen TV, nice modern decor. Very comfy queen size bed, a desk with wired internet and an armchair. The bathroom was also pretty spacious. Walk in shower, with two shower heads. After getting settled in we went down to the bar/restaurant located on the 3rd floor for a drink. The one bad thing is that since this hotel is in the financial district, there really isn't much to do around after the sun goes down. There are a few fast food places near by. Most of the restaurants are found near South Street Seaport, which is a little of a trek. The hotel is easily accessible via mass transportation. There are a handful of subway stations less than 5 blocks away. The PATH train is also across the street. Overall a great hotel. I would definitely stay here again or recommend out of town friends to this hotel.	
Aug 24 2008 	Perfect in every way	Stayed one night at the Millenium Hilton great location, close to subway . Like staying in lower Manhattan easy to get around quiet.Parked the car at the hotel very easy , the staff was excellent in handling arrival. Arrived early room was ready and the hotel staff right there to take care of you......hats off to Bobby the bellman,,,,an asset to the hotel. Friendly , smiling and ready to help you.Room was spacious and clean and modern very happy with it, great view of Hudson and ground zero,,,,may we never forget our brothers and sisters on that horrible day.Hilton has earned my business,, they took care of me and my quests in a professional and friendly manner.Recommend you won't be disaappointed.	
Aug 24 2008	Perfectly Located in the Downtown Manhattan	I stayed for one night whilst on a business trip to New York. The hotel is located next to Ground Zero. My room was on the 30th Floor and I had views over the site - it was the first time I had been in NY since 9/11- it was a &quot;reflective&quot; experience to say the least. There's lots of construction happening at Ground Zero and there were notices in the room apologising to visitors for any noise and disruption. I can honestly say I didn't hear much noise. The staff were friendly and helpful, and the hotel had a vibrant and busy atmosphere. The room was well equipped, clean, and spacious. That combined with the location makes it perfect for business travellers.	
Aug 12 2008 	Fantastic High Rise Hotel Fantastic High Rise Price!	Fantastic views &amp; wonderful rooms, extremely clean, hugely comfortable bed, location ok but quite out of the way unless you have business downtown or you dont mind $ 15 cab rides each way to times square plus the $2-5 tip for the bell boy who insists on calling a cab. The big downside was total bill of $ 643 per night, all in, which includes no food, mini bar etc etc. and was not reflected as per the website. Stunned the hotel does business considering it is a long way from the madness of times square and is so expensive. A terrible shame because a very pleasant stay but will definitely choose elsewhere next time unless i win the lottery.	
Aug 11 2008 	I love this hotel	I go to one of the online sites where you bid on hotel rooms when I travel to NYC. I'm always *so* happy when my bids land me at the Millenium Hilton. I really can't believe it --I used to live in NY so feel odd staying in hotels there, and I consider myself more of a boutique hotel person than someone who frequents a big chain. But I'll say in all honesty the the bright, professional, competent and considerate Millenium staff treat you like it's a boutique hotel. Each time I've come in on the red eye from the west coast, the staff has suggested that I go freshen up in the spa and then store my luggage until my room is ready. That a.m. shower alone sets this place apart from others which (simply, reasonably) expect you to wait until check-in time. But I have also had splendid luck with my rooms at the Millenium --I'm always on a high floor, and the views over the Hudson or the Brooklyn Bridge are magic. The hotel is also very close to nearly every subway line you would want to travel on, and it's walking distance to great restaurants and sweet parks. The WTC construction is ongoing, but noise has not been a problem when I've stayed at the hotel. Just in case, each room I've been in has carried a letter from the general manager explaining the construction plan. The letter comes with a set of earplugs (so far, I've used them on the plane and in other hotels!)	
Aug 11 2008 	Really nice hotel	We stayed for 2 nights from June 28th to June 30th 2008. We booked a room on Hilton's website and chose not to pay the extra 30$ per night to have a hotel room on the 30th floor and up, yet when we checked in, we were given a room on the 54th floor facing Ground Xero. When we leaned out a bit, we could see the Statue of Liberty from our room. It was excellent! We were not bothered by construction noise, even though they worked around the clock the two days we were there. The Subway was steps away from the entrance of the hotel, so it was very easy to get to all the tourist places on Manhattan. One block from the hotel there was a really nice restaurant that had the most delicious bagels. We would definitely stay at this hotel again, if we visit New York another time!	
Aug 10 2008 	Great Location	Stayed here in May for 4 Days. I emailed the Hotel before departing and they kindly upgraded us to a Suite on the top floor and also Champagne and Strawberries.Great Location for Brooklyn walks and Century 21.Didn't use many of the Hotel facilities as every possible taste is catered for in NYC.Great Hotel we would deffo stay here again for the attractions of Lower Manhattan.$75 for taxi from Hotel to Newark.	
Aug 7 2008 	No problems at the Millenium Hilton!	My husband and I stayed at the Millenium Hilton for our latest stay in NYC. I was hoping I wouldn't have problems with the WTC construction noise based on some of the comments here - I didn't know what to expect. Noise or no noise? Bothersome or not? We got a room on the 24th floor and didn't hear any bothersome noise. Yes, you could hear a &quot;ping&quot; every once in a while but during my stay through Monday I was never awaken or bothered by any of the noise. There was no construction Saturday or Sunday nights past midnight while I was there. The room itself was exactly what I expected based on pics from other users. The view was the same as seen in other pics as well. Our room was located very close to the elevators and if anything - that would have been the one thing I should have changed. I don't enjoy hearing that noise all night - loud people getting off of the elevator before quieting down because they realize they're not outside anymore. The room was very clean and tidy. The tv was a little quirky in my room. We couldn't just press Power on the remote control and have it turn on. We had to press Power then go to the tv and press the source button. I saw a post on here that complained about there not being any HD channels and thought that was just picky - BUT - the output on the tv was worse than what I'm used to from my regular non-HD digital cable. It was pretty fuzzy on most channels but we spent most of our time away from our room so we didn't really care! You don't go to NYC to watch TV!! Another problem with our room was the toilet - it didn't just FLUSH. We had to hold the handle down for the water to properly go down. The bathroom otherwise was clean...they have Crabtree and Evelyn products for your use but I didn't like the smell of them - too strong for me. I liked the showerhead but didn't feel good about the bathroom faucet because it didn't have any type of aeration-SO much water was being used every time it was turned on. The down pillows and comforter were 100% comfortable-loved them! Overall I enjoyed my time here from the prompt check in to claiming my bags from storage at check out. I enjoyed the location because it was near everything downtown that I didn't get to see the last time I was in NYC. The subway is really close by and a half block walk away. I have pics to share but can't find my transfer cable right now so I'll put them up later.	
Aug 2 2008 	What a view!	We got the room through Hotwire for $196 a night and stayed two nights. When we arrived, the computerized reservation system was down and we had to sit in the lobby for awhile before we could check in. When it came back up, we were upgraded to an amazing room! The room was called a &quot;corner king&quot; on the 47th floor. When we walked into the room and looked out the windows that wrapped around two entire walls of the room, our jaws dropped. This was easily the nicest hotel we ever stayed in.While we walked around lower Manhattan quite a bit during our two days there, we also spent substantial time looking out our windows! While reclining in bed, we had the greatest view of the Empire State Building, which was still lit up like a &quot;rocket pop&quot; from the 4th of July. To our right was the East River, with a great view of the Brooklyn, Manhattan, and Williamsburgh bridges. We could also see one of the waterfalls that are on display for the next couple of months. This one was under the Brooklyn Bridge. To the left was the Hudson River. Directly below our window was St. Paul's Church, which is where George Washington was on the day of his inauguration. (Don't miss walking through the church!) Across from the front of the hotel is the former World Trade Center site, with construction going on most days, all day and into the night. We got there on Saturday, and they knocked off the construction about 9PM, and didn't work on Sunday--so those are good days to stay there. They started right up again Monday morning and I know from talking to others that it is very noisy (hence the earplugs that come with the room). And the room--WOW! Just plush, classy, the most comfortable bed, down comforter and down pillows (plenty of them)! A flat screen LCD TV was at a slightly weird angle from the bed, but we didn't care, we spent all our time marveling at the view out the windows! No plastic ice buckets here, everything is stainless steel. There was a lid on the toilet, for some reason that's important to me. Most cheaper hotels don't have one. The service was great, everyone was friendly, the place was beautiful, and we would love to stay there again. Didn't use the pool or gym, or buy any food there (food and drink was way too expensive!). Still, I have to recommend this place to anyone who wants to traipse around the lower Manhattan/Battery Park/Greenwich Village/SoHo. Try Hotwire for booking. Perhaps it would be wise to bring a &quot;white noise machine&quot; to drown out the construction noise until the construction is finished.There's a great deli a block away called the Stage Deli. Go there for breakfast! It's great, and a bargain!	
Jul 31 2008 	Great Business Location	The Millenium Hilton is a great place to stay if you are having business to do in the Financial District of Manhattan. I like the hotel atmosphere and the location. The service is very friendly and the rooms are above average, both in style and size, compared to other hotels in New York. Ask for a room above the 40th floor if possible and if possible not facing the large construction site on Ground 0. They work there basically 24h/7d and it can get pretty loud.	
Jul 18 2008 	Fantastic!	We booked two Grand Parlor Suites, I was given a room on the 54th floor and my family were in the 52nd, room 5210. Even though we paid the same price for both rooms, 5210 was much bigger than mine (5209). Both rooms had amazing views, were very clean and had lots of extras. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful, the concierge was brilliant and the staff in the gift shop couldn't do more to help.It is in a great location, right next to Ground Zero in the downtown district. The subway is literally less than a 1 minute walk from the hotel which gets you to uptown in less than 5 mins.My only gripe is that my massive widescreen TV didn't work in the lounge area, but there was another huge TV in the bedroom so I didn't bother contacting reception. I highly recommend this hotel for anyone, if you are afraid of heights they do rooms on lower floors.	
Jul 11 2008 	Construction noise not bad	Paid $180 per night plus taxes on Priceline.Hotel was as expected from other reviews. Pretty much all the rooms face Ground Zero and the construction which was kinda interesting to watch. Room was VERY spacious for any hotel standard forget NYC standards. My #906 was the lowest floor with rooms on it (I asked for this as I heard the wait for elevators was long on the upper floors and I wanted to be lower in case of an emergency). The construction did not bother me, the sound was little more than regular city noise you get anywhere. I did wake up once or twice around 6am cause I think they were moving some big piece of metal around or something, but fell right back asleep. I slept in til around 1030 one day &amp; didnt use the earplugs or need to ask for the noise-reduction machine offered on checkin. There was some noise that came through from the corridor if there were people talking but that was rare as my impression was the hotel was far from full.Had breakfast in the restaurant once, $$ but quite yummy (blueberry pancakes). They were pretty easy about doing substitutions if you wanted. There was also a buffet for $23.95 but it was quite small and no pancakes!Bathroom was great, shampoos etc. were replaced daily. My only annoyance was somehow my phone would only ring in the bathroom, the cordless in the bedroom was connected to some other line which I could use to call out but no incoming calls. Free 800 calls were appreciated. You have to pay for internet use, not sure how much as I had my blackberry.Employee service was excellent, fast checkin. I had some packages delivered and one of the security people worked very hard to locate them as they were initially missing. I also had a bit of a problem locking my door (my fault) and a security person was there within seconds. Someone also came right away to look at the phone issue, although they were not able to fix it and I didnt have time to bother calling again.Accessibility was excellent with the E train being right outside and virtually all other subway lines within blocks. I also walked to the Brooklyn Bridge. Century 21 is right next door too. Cab from Laguardia cost about $30-40 depending on the route &amp; direction as this hotel is further downtown that the midtown hotels.I would recommend Woodbury Common Premium Outlets (you can drive there, about 1h, or take the bus from Port Authority $40 rtn which I did), much better deals than in Manhattan despite July 4 weekend sales.I did not use the pool or any other amenities so cannot comment.	
Jul 8 2008 	Awesome value on Priceline	First of all, the top line of this review is that, while the hotel quotes its rates between $400 and $500, I was able to snag it for $175 on Priceline. And I'm sure people have gotten it for less before. Amazing deal at that price. At $500, I probably wouldn't have been as happy.I think the reviews about the World Trade Center construction are exaggerated. I had a room facing ground zero and was not disrupted at all. If I turned off the TV and the air conditioner, I was only barely able to hear construction, but not at all if anything in the room was on.The room had a 42&quot; plasma TV which was nice, however there was no HD programming, which I find quite annoying. What's the purpose of having such a great TV if it has a crappy picture?The bath linens and bed were very comfortable. I would have liked a few more outlets, though.	
Jul 5 2008 	Very nice downtown hotel!	We usually stay at the Courtyard Times Square South when coming to NYC. We opted to stay the night of July 4th at the Millenium Hilton in order to have closer proximity to the fireworks and the South Street Seaport. We had a king room which was about what we expected; not huge but certainly big enough to move around and room for our bags. The room was very clean; had a huge flat-screen tv, a large bathroom with Crabtree &amp; Evelyn toiletries, and a great view of the waterfront/Ground Zero. We were on the 45th floor and still had a little street noise, but that's to be expected in NYC. The construction didn't start until late in the day; possibly because it was a weekend, but again, the noise didn't really bother us. There were earplugs provided in the room for those who are light sleepers; or I suppose you could request a room on the opposite side of the hotel. We didn't take advantage of the pool or restaurants, so I can't comment on those. The bed was comfortable, the shower was great, and I can't think of any reason not to recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jul 4 2008 	Great Hotel and great servie	This hotel is lovely. It is alittle off the beaten track but has great rooms. Subways are accessible but you need to know where they are. We found the service to be great as well and based on our priceline deal it was affordable. Would love to stay here again.	
Jul 4 2008 	HILTON: NEVER EVER AGAIN!	THE FOLLOWING IS MY LETTER TO HILTON DESCRIBING OUR ISSUESSS!Hopefully this reaches someone of importance, as my wife and I had the worst hotel experience. Today is our anniversary and we booked a room at the Millenium Hilton with the Romance Package.While booking, I asked online, the 800#, and this hotel directly, to confirm if Guest Certificates were accepted. All three assured they were honored. Trying to check-in at 2:15 pm, the reception desk employee took the Certificates and put a Smoking Room on hold.Since we purchased to the Romance Package, which provides early check-in amongst other amenities, we were disappointed the room was not ready 45 minutes prior to normal check-in. But this wasn’t the main issue.We dropped bags and couldn’t freshen up after our trip. When using the hotel bathroom, I waited a while, realizing the street vendors used them to bath in. But even this wasn’t the main issue.Trying to check-in later that day, the Assistant Front Office Manager, Jacqueline Concepcion, told us they wouldn’t accept the Guest Certificates. After a long unfruitful conversation, she left to talk with “The Director.” Returning she said they still wouldn’t honor them, adding a Smoking Room was not available, supposedly put on hold, ruining our carefully planned, reconfirmed “Romantic” Anniversary getaway.My wife and I are extremely disappointed with Millenium and Hilton in general. We are both avid business/personal travelers, taking two vacations a year and often traveling to family out of state. I am disappointed that unless Hilton makes retribution for our poor experience, lack of respect and understanding, and lying to us, we will not stay at nor recommend Hilton. It will be a experience that my wife and I will certainly tell our friends and blogs about, and will be a chain I’ll have my business and wife’s business decline.	
Jul 2 2008 	Excellent	Stayed at the Millenium Hilton for one night in June 2008. Mainly because the hotel we really wanted had no availability on that particular day. We have no complaints whatsoever about our stay at the Hilton, it was a great stay, nice rooms, extremely comfortable bed! We did pay USD 320 ex tax which is quite expensive so that will be the downside. For this amount breakfast was not even included. We were on the 28th floor with bird's eye view on Ground Zero (not that interesting by the way, one huge construction site - see photos). Outside office hours there is really not much going on in the Financial District but one cannot hold that against the hotel. Probably a good location for business travellers. Nextdoor Century 21 was nice to visit.	
Jun 24 2008 	Nice NY Option	Walking into a hotel room and seeing earplugs offered by the management, with an apology letter is not usually a good start, but this is New York and any room near the street has some noise issues. The 24-hour cacaphony is part of NYC. Asking for the highest room available is wise if you have problems with noise.The rooms all seem to overlook Ground Zero, which is undergoing massive construction, but the contruction is presently at street level. Thus, a birds eye view of Ground Zero and a good view of the East River. The rooms are brand spanking new (newly renovated). They are large for NYC. The beds are wonderful. There is Internet access (I guess for a fee, since I use WAN). I found staff helpful and efficient.Various subway routes are within very easy walking distance. The terminus of the E train is here, but others pass through. Because this is Wall Street area, there is not a lot going on at night. Best options seem to be to walk east along the south side of Ground Zero and across the pedestrian overpass. Along the river, there are various options. The better bet in the evening is to take the subway north to Union Square, Times Square, etc., where there are more options. In the morning, you will see the Wall Street workers streaming from the subway like lemmings, all headed the same way.The gym appeared decent, with various machines. I did not eat in the building.Overall, this hotel is ideal for a businessperson who will be doing business in the Wall Street area. Though it is out of the way for most tourism, the subway makes everything proximal in NYC.This area is a bit far from airports. You could take the A train from Kennedy and be very close by. From LaGuardia, you would ideally take the E train, but you have to get to the train stop by taxi ($15) or bus. From Newark, you would need to go to Penn Station, then a subway south.	
Jun 19 2008 	Great hotel!	My room had 2 double beds on the 24th floor. Perfect stay, no problems. Polite, friendly and very accommodating staff. Room was quite large for NYC standards, clean and extremely comfortable. The TV is a nice touch. You can hook up a laptop to the TV via a VGA cable (switch the input on the TV to &quot;RGB&quot;), however you need to bring your own speakers if you intend to watch a DVD. Sound does not pass through the TV. The front desk will rent you a VGA cable for $25 which you get back when you return it. There are no inputs for game systems such as Playstation or XBox though.Restaurant service was very good although the prices are high. Food was excellent especially the blueberry pancakes!My room overlooked Ground Zero but noise from the construction was barely noticeable and did not interfere with sleeping. E train subway station is right next to the hotel, so convenient. I absolutely would stay here again. Excellent rate for an an excellent hotel.	
Jun 13 2008 	You can do better	Had 2 rooms for 6 nights. The noise from the construction site at Ground Zero is not the hotels fault, but while the website has warnings (as we discovered later and too late), the hotel booking line did not warn us. The worse thing about the hotel is the inconsistent housekeeping and the slow lifts. Nothing was as good as it should have been for a 4 star property.	
Jun 10 2008 	great hotel	Very nice hotel and in a great part of town. We only stayed for one night (not really even 24 hours) but we had a wonderful stay. We certainly got what we paid for. Our view was magnificient if not a little sad. When we looked out of our window we saw a magnificient view of the Hudson but if we looked down we saw ground zero. God bless the victims of 9/11.	
May 27 2008 	Great Hilton	Stayed at the Millenium Hilton for two nights. Nothing but great things. First off the price was great. Using priceline I got a double, corner room with views of the city and the Hudson for under $300 a night. Next the rooms are modern, updated and sharp. The bathroom is very well updated. The beds are heavenly and the room sizes are pretty big fro New York standards. Location is great. Literally located above a subway line. Is located directly across the World Trade Center so there is some construction at stret level. However this wasn't really a problem. Would stay here again.	
May 27 2008 	noisy elevators	i was given a room on the 47th floor looking out over the East River and Brooklyn Bridge. on the first night there was a fantastic firework display to celebrate 125 years of the brooklyn bridge and i got an awesome view from my room. the room was large, great flat screen tv, and kept perfectly clean by the twice daily housekeeping. an ice bucket, bottled water and chocolates was provided daily although i didnt touch the mini-bar because there were warnings everywhere saying it would start to charge you automatically for things if you moved them, whether or not you actually consumed anything. beware! bell staff and front desk staff were very pleasant and efficient. my only problem was my room backed on to one of the elevators (they are high-power and high-speed for reaching the upper floors quickly) and the elevator machinery was quite noisy. but luckily i'm a sound sleeper. the location of the hotel was great, easy to find (at the bottom of the E line of the subway) and easy to get around to other places, battery park for the statue of liberty and ellis island is just a few blocks away, and a short walk in the subway interchange takes you to chambers street for the direct subway (A line) to the AirTrain and kennedy airport. i would recommend this hotel to anyone except if you are on a tight budget, but it was still better value than some other hotels in the city.	
May 27 2008	Not bad at all	My wife and I stayed one night in july 2006 at this hotel.We booked it online through a last minute web site and payed around 180 USD for the nightStaff was quite friendly and the check in was done without any problems.Service was great, pool area quite nice and the room perfect.The bed was comfortable and the room had the perfect size. The 42' flat TV mounted on the wall was great and the decoration was modern and slick. I definetly recommend this hotel.	
May 27 2008	Great Hotel - Great Staff	Stayed here before and it is still great - corner room on 47th floor with views of Statue of Liberty and the Brooklyn Bridge and City Hall. Overlooked construction on ground zero but no discernable construction noise for us. Front desk did a great job at check in, found a jr suite and city view room for us to upgrade to! Rate included room service breakfast great stay. Too short	
May 20 2008	terrific hotel convenient location	My mother and I just came back from a 4 night stay at the Hilton and thought it was a beautiful hotel. We had a very spacious room with 2 double beds on the 37th floor facing the city, not the construction. No problems with construction noise at all. The only down side to this area is the amount of construction going on, but the hotel is located right across the street from the subway (or right down the street depending upon your entrance or exit). The dept store Century 21 is located next door, we walked to Battery Park to take a view of the Statue of Liberty and passed other shops on the way. You would think for the price charged, a free breakfast would be included, but I gather that's not the norm in expensive New York. The hotel booked the hop on/hop off bus tour for us, where the pickup was a block away from the hotel. Soho/China Town/Greenwich/Times Square was a mere 10-15 min subway ride or if you kept walking up Broadway, you would eventually walk right into these districts. Very close to Tribeca restaurants. It takes about 2 days to orient yourself on how the subway runs and where the streets are located, but all in all, we were very pleased with this hotel where we were able to use accumulated points (otherwise, no way could we have afforded this).	
May 14 2008 	Loved it.	Super-fast check in, large room, and the best view I've ever gotten. Ask for a room above the 30th floor, you won't be disappointed. I keep hearing complaints about construction, but I never heard a thing. It might have been because I was so high up, but I wouldn't be too concerned. Housekeeping comes by twice a day, and it's close to everything. About 200 steps away is the Chambers St. station, which takes you everywhere. Very safe, very secure. I'd recommend it to anyone.	
May 12 2008 	Good Hotel but be aware of the construction....	I stayed at the Hudson for business and followed up with the Millenium for pleasure as I stayed the weekend. The Millenium is pretty far. It's in &quot;Soho&quot; (although, it was very south of Houston Street.). in fact, it's literally beside the World Trade Centre. I could see the construction taking place from my hotel room - interesting but yet sad... There is a lot of construction going on in the area. Contruction at the WTC seemed to be 24/7 and you could hear it (and I believe there was a notice in my room indicating that - no wonder, I got such a good deal on a 4 star hotel in &quot;Soho&quot;). The room was a very good size (especially, compared to the Hudson). Modern decor (large flat screen) and a good view (WTC, water, etc.). Hotel lobby was decent as was the hotel bar. There is a Century 21 store across the street if you're into cheap shopping with brand names. Not sure if I would stay that far south next time, especially given the construction noise but it was reasonably priced for a 4 star in NY.	
May 12 2008 	Loved the Hilton..	Both husband and I stopped over in Bangkok for 4 nights on our way to Koi Samui. We were greeted with lovely cool refreshments and cold towels. Check in was quick and easy. Staff were helpful and could not do more for you.As it was our 2nd wedding anniversary, our room was decorated with a bottle of champagne and fresh fruit. On our 1 day stay back from Koi Samui we had a lovely card to welcome us both back to the hotel. We stayed on the executive floor for three nights and one night on the 29th floor. To my surprise, I much preferred the 29th floor, the room was much more spacious and lighting was better within the room than the exec floor's room.We had a lovely time and ate at the restaurant on all four days. I would say the location is perfect and it cost no more than 75 BHT to get to the main districts. We would def go back..	
May 10 2008 	Enjoyed our stay!	We stayed here the first weekend in May for a family wedding that was taking place close by. The gentleman at the front desk was very courteous. In fact, everyone was very nice and made a point to say hello, can I help you? We ate at the Church &amp; Dey restaurant for lunch waiting for the rest of the family to arrive. Lunch was good, but quite expensive, but we were prepared because THIS is New York City!We stayed on the 19th floor and our room was great, roomy and beds were quite comfortable. We had an issue with the room being a bit chilly, but after placing a call to guest services, within a half hour it was corrected and I could thaw! You can see and hear the construction below at the WTC site however, the noise was not a bother at all. Century 21 is next door and OMG it is a shoppers paradise!!!Lots of bargains!! Took the double decker bus for the city tour and it was really great to be able to see everything we normally wouldn't be able to since we usually just take day trips to the city to catch a show.We really enjoyed our stay here and we would stay here again.	
May 9 2008 	Nice Hotel	We stayed here over the May Day Bank Holiday. Our room on the 37th floor had a great view out towards the Hudson River with Ground Zero just below. The sun sets with the building in front of you is amazing.We were not disturbed by the building work, although you could sometimes hear it, but it wasn't noisy.Rooms were good, breakfasts as you can imagine were good too. Staff were really nice.The only down side was the lack of local night life, although Pier 17 isn't too far, it wasn't bustling. A good hotel, but I'd probably stay further uptown next time.	
May 5 2008	Great experience	Check in was fast, staff polite and the rooms clean. The hotel is very modern and was in an ideal location close to many attractions. Although there was construction going on nearby, the stay was not effected and I had a wonderful experience.	
May 5 2008 	Could be better could be worse	We stayed at the Millenium Hilton this past weekend for the first time. We don't spend much time downtown, but picked the hotel because it was close to an event we were attending. Overall, our stay was pleasant, although it could have been better in some areas.The construction going on at the WTC site makes getting to the hotel a little bit of a challenge, but the signs they've put up are fairly clear. We dropped off the car in the garage, where the garage attendant stood by watching as we unpacked our bags ourselves, without offering to help. Granted, the garage isn't owned or run by the hotel, but for a hotel of this caliper, it was surprising that they didn't have bell staff there to assist visitors. Check in was a snap, and a quick one at that. The woman who helped us was very pleasant, as was the one who answered questions we had later in the afternoon. Our room, on the 41st floor overlooking the WTC site, was very nice. Although we'd been warned about possible construction noise, from that height we didn't have any at all. The room was extremely quiet during our whole stay. My only complaint about the room was that the A/C didn't work well at all. It wasn't hot out by any means, but even with the thermostat set at 65 (the lowest it would go) we were all way too warm all night long. Had we stayed longer we would have asked to have our room changed.The pool was lovely, and the public areas of the hotel were very well maintained. Aside from the A/C issues in our room, the only other area where the hotel was disappointing was in the area of the staff. Granted, we usually stay at the Sofitel in midtown, where the staff are incredibly professional and courteous. But when you're spending almost $400 for a hotel room, you expect exemplary service, and the Millenium Hilton was definitely a let-down in that area. With the exception of the front desk staff, the employees we ran into were OK at best. Not outright rude, but definitely lacking the polish and professionalism I'd expect at a hotel like this. So as I said, overall our experience here was OK. I don't know that I'd stay here again, though, mostly because for what the room cost, I don't think the service was quite up to par.	
Apr 27 2008 	Great stylish hotel w/all the amenities	Our check-in happened in a matter of minutes, no problem at all. The room was exactly as it looked on the website, nice clean modern design, with a river view. Bed was very comfortable, staff pleasant, and the pool/sauna beautiful. Easy access to subways and a short walk to Tribeca. Would definitely stay here again--next time will remember to bring my swimsuit!	
Apr 21 2008	Pretty good the second time	I stayed at this hotel on the weekend of April 18-20. This was my second visit. My previous stay was in March 2008 when I paid $169, and I was a bit shocked that the rate was double this time -- but I guess this is not out-of-line for other similar hotels in Manhattan. Last time the construction noise wasn't a problem ( I was on a high floor), but this time they put me on a lower floor (26) and I could hear the droning all night long. I found the staff to be pleasant and helpful. For example, I was looking for a newspaper at 7 AM Saturday morning: the gift shop hadn't opened yet, so the bellman went on a crusade and brought me back a paper. One small criticism of the restaurant: I am very picky when it comes to my morning coffee and the coffee there isn't very good -- it tastes like it is made in one of those huge steel containers you see in cafeterias. As others have noted, there should be free wireless internet in the rooms given the high room charge. I like the location of the hotel, as the financial district is quiet on the weekends and I enjoyed going for a jog at nearby Battery Park. All in all, I would recommend the Millenium.	
Apr 17 2008 	Noisy!	I stayed here for 3 nights in February for a work trip. The hotel is located right by Ground Zero and although fairly nice, the biggest problem is the construction noise! They work until 11pm and start again 5 am in the morning. It's impossible to sleep through! Rooms are small but there's nothing wrong with them. The bed was comfy and you have all necessities in the room; desk, chair, large TV etc. You know what you get when you book with Hilton. I had breakfast at the restaurant one morning, it was OK but fairly basic. I had room service a few times and never really liked my meal. Eat out! The lobby bar is quite lively but drinks are fairly expensive.	
Apr 16 2008	Better Than Expected!	My biggest concern about this hotel was the noise complaints. I'd read more than a few reviews about the construction noise due to the WTC location. IT WAS NEVER AN ISSUE!!! One review stated that it was non-stop noise. That was not the case. There was never a disturbance. The location was great. There were several subway locations around the hotel. We bought day passes and used the subway to go everywhere! There were an abundance of stores and eateries. I would definitely stay here again!	
Apr 15 2008 	Satisfied with Millenium	I will continue the review in a later day.	
Apr 15 2008 	Very nice hotel; difficult location for tourists	The room was great--very clean, larger than I expected, with luxurious bed linens and a comfy king bed. Main problem was with the heating/AC unit--it ran constantly and was very loud. The hum of the A/C drowned out any construction sounds from Ground Zero, but we could still hear water running through the pipes from adjacent rooms. They really should have put some better soundproofing in.Staff were polite and helpful. They held our bags on the last day for no charge. We didn't eat at the restaurant, but the room service and mini bar prices were quite honestly outrageous. I could go down to the entrance and get a hot dog and can of soda for $4, or get a can of soda from the minibar for $6! There is not a whole lot of food near the hotel, so we tended to eat in midtown before heading back to the hotel.The next time we come to NYC we will stay closer to midtown. It became a pain to have to take the subway everywhere especially since they were working on some of the lines we needed over the weekend so we had to change lines a few times. But for a business traveler I think the hotel fits the bill.	
Apr 14 2008 	Good weekend base	I booked this hotel through priceline but it was a very good find. We were facing the construction site at the WTC but the noise was never noticeable. From the 51st floor we could see Ellis Island and the Statue of Liberty. The room itself was quite comfortable and had a great bed. Anytime we used the guest services, we were met with a quick and friendly response. The hotel was very convenient to the East Village and Lower East Side thanks to the subway and even walking if you like to pound the pavement. I wouldn't pay rack rate here but with priceline or another sale site it was a good deal.	
Apr 12 2008 	Perfect! And what a view!	STAY HERE! But choose the river view, not the twin towers view.	
Apr 7 2008 	MMmmmm Millenium	If you've got Hilton Honors points to burn or can get a good deal, this is a great option for staying in the WTC/Financial District. They treat HH customers well here, especially the front desk staff. Not sure if all of the rooms are &quot;suite&quot; like but the one I've had twice had a separate small living room/desk area separated from the sleeping room by the bathroom in the middle. So fairly roomy by Manhattan standards. Pretty basic hotel with an OK restaurant and small bar. Great view of the WTC site (and how little has been done) as well as NJ and the river. It's &quot;new&quot; (since renovation after 9-11) and very close (one block) to several subway lines. It's pretty easy (and cheap) to take a train uptown to see the typical NYC stuff. Not a lot of restaurants or night life around the hotel, but be sure to check out the &quot;Century 21&quot; discount department store nextdoor. Also walkable is the Brooklyn Bridge and the Southstreet Seaport TKTS half price theater tickets booth. Walk around, there's lots of less touristy (not Times Square) stuff to see and do.	
Apr 1 2008 	Third time is NOT a charm	This is the 3rd time I have stayed at the hotel and I like it less and less each time. I'll start with the good and get to the bad:good:- close to subway stops (the E which takes you too and from JFK is right outside and you can catch other blue, green and red lines train in very close proximity)- large tv in rooms (I think it is a must for hotels to have a flat screen tv, especially for over $300 a night)- very clean (housekeeping was awesome and didn't bug us once)now the bad:- I had booked two rooms on check-in. One for me and my girlfriend and the second for my two buddies. When we checked in we requested a king for myself and girlfriend and two beds for my buddies. they said I had called and requested a single bed for both rooms. This never happened. My problem is they lied about me calling instead of telling me they ran out of single beds- they were doing construction inside the hotel and it was a mess. Plus the noise was absolutely horrible from 9 to 6. Unbearable to be in the room, couldn't hear the tv loud. And that was from the floor below us.- out of our 3 visits we have never gotten a king bed even though we request every time and they only show king as on option on the website.- the air conditioner did not work well and stayed around 70 degrees which was hard for me to sleep in.- no GOOD food around the hotelI really want to like this hotel more, but there are much better options to staying in New York. I would probably pick this hotel as a last resort, but I wouldn't go out of my way to stay here.	
Mar 31 2008 	Great Place if you dont mind a bit of construction	We booked this hotel for Halloween weekend in 2007. The hotel seemed very busy when we arrived Friday evening. We were pleasantly greeted by the concierge and doormen. During check in, we were informed that we were upgraded TWICE! I expected at least one upgrade because we booked through AMEX platinum travel, but the second upgrade was a surprise. Once from a standard room on the 10th floor to a suite on the 20th floor and then again from the 20th floor to a corner suite on the 38th floor. There were great amenities in the room as well as spectacular views of the financial district and the statue of liberty. Our windows were right above the construction at ground zero and we couldn't hear a thing. Room service was great, although a little pricey (what room service isn't?) The only thing negative I can think of is that the church street entrance isn't open, so you have to exit and enter through the side. It really wasn't bad at all. During the early evening hours the bar/lounge area was busy and there were always people around, which made it feel more metropolitan. (I don't like hotels that feel like ghost towns). It was everything I thought a bustling Manhattan hotel could be. If you don't mind taking the subway or a cab I would definitely recommend this hotel!	
Mar 31 2008 	Nice junior suite	I stayed here for 2 nights in a junior suite, 32nd floor, quite impressed. I will be brief on this one but will post a few photos for you to set expectation. A few additional points that cannot be explained by the photos:(1) I am a light sleeper but the construction noise was very bearable (I guess if you stay anywhere above 25th floor, you will be safe)(2) Compared to the 2 places that I stayed before (Waldorf Astoria &amp; Intercontinental the Barclays) I would prefer the Millennium Hilton mainly because it's relatively new &amp; modern and its closer to interesting chilled out places like Soho, TriBeCa, West Village (this is personal preference though, you are in Manhattan so pretty easy &amp; quick to get around by the underground or taxi anyway)(3) The Lavazza coffee maker can make nice coffees(4) The standard room rate for those weekdays were almost USD400 a night + tax. I used HHonors points and got this upgrade with my status but would be happy to pay that rather than the rates at other Hiltons in Manhanttan given the value you get for not being in midtown or time square area	
Mar 22 2008 	Rooms are the only nice thing about the hotel	Staff is unfriendly, I was never greeted once leaving or entering the hotel. No Bellman present to flag cabs, or help opening the heaviest door possible. The hotel is out of line for charging for internet in the rooms, the lobby wireless and even the business centre!!! You cannot use the computers in the business centre until you swipe your credit card. I found this very pathetic of the hotel, not to provide your guests with computer access. I booked this hotel on hotwire as well, claiming it was in the SoHo area. Do not trust hotwire, so far from soho. It's in the finnancial district.	
Mar 22 2008 	Fantastic experience - see New York at its best !	I went to New York for a trip in December 2005 and had a great time at the Millenium Hilton. We stopped on the 39th floor and had a breathtaking view of Ground Zero. The hotel was the closest hotel to the Twin Towers and the staff are always keen to tell you stories. There is even a rescued flag framed in the reception area from the building that was salvaged on the terrible attacks in September 2001. Make sure that you ask for a front facing room as the views are simply stunning. The views from the rear will encompass Brooklyn Bridge. We didnt get chance to use the swimming pool facility but did enjoy the breakfast everyday which had the most delicious muffins I have tasted . . . ever! and you can eat as many as you want :) Nearby there is a underground station which is accessible to most places with ease, the hotel is situated just a short walk to the harbour front where you can see the Statue of Liberty. There are several restaurants nearby but dont make the mistake of ordering a starter as you wont eat the main . . . food was fab, but there was just too much of it - even for a strapping 6ft 5 lad like me. The staff in the hotel were all very friendly and nothing was too much trouble, when I ordered Champagne to the room it was there within minutes and there was never any fuss. If you are a shopaholic be sure to check out the Department Store next to the hotel 'Century 21' I think the name was - loads of bargains to be grabbed, fantastic prices and lots of choice. The hotel was also a short walk from Wall Street as it is situated in the heart of the financial district so there tends to be an after-work crowd in the hotel bar at night and that is where you can really soak up the atmosphere and mingle with the locals. Overall a thoroughly enjoyable trip - lovely hotel - the only thing I wouldnt recommend is spending New Years Eve in Times Square, although its nice to say you have done it you cant see much and you need to start queuing at 3 - 4pm in the afternoon in the freezing cold . . and if you need the toilet, well you lose your place! Still I cant complain, an unforgettable experience which has left me with fantastic memories . . enjoy!	
Mar 16 2008	Loved the price hated the noise	Avoid this hotel if you're a light sleeper (unless you get it for 100/night like we did on Priceline). Construction at the Ground Zero site is constant and noisy, although my husband kept saying &quot;what noise, I don't hear anything.&quot;	
Mar 15 2008 	average corporate hotel lost of construction good room service	I stayed at this hotel for two days. It was convenient to the business meetings I was attending. The check-in took a while -- the clerk (only one, despite a long line of people waiting to check in) was nice.The hallway was covered in plastic (the hotel is undergoing construction) and looked very industrial/non-plush. Not impressive at all. I got a king room on the 43rd floor (4306) with a view of the WTC site, the river, and the city beyond. The room was small, but the furnishings were modern. I liked the bed linens and great pillows (I think I used all 6!), and a flat screen TV was a nice touch also. I also liked that there was a coffee maker with two cups. I always like to have a hot beverage and don't necessarily want to order room service every time I need a cup of tea.There was an alarm clock (not too hi-tech), and the obligatory mini-bar with a selection of very expensive drinks. One of the drawers was taken up by snacks (I tried the pretzels -- 1oz bag for $4.50! - but that's to be expected, and they were fresh).The bathroom, also small, had a weird toilet with very low water level and low flow of water in general. The shower head and the fixtures were not too modern.The toiletries by Crabtree &amp; Evelyn were pleasant smelling. The cleaning person refilled all of them (unfortunately, no cotton balls or Qtips) the next dayI wish there was a bathrobe and slippers! The safe was useful, though.The gym was adequate -- much nicer than I've seen in some other hotels, with several cardio machines, weights, water, towels and magazines. I also wanted to try the heated pool that looked relaxing, but it was rather crowded with families/children and I decided to pass. The business center was inadequate, in my view -- you could not even acces the internet for free. What kind of business hotel is this?I thought that room service (I had 2 dinners and 1 breakfast) was good -- the food came when it should have and was fresh and tasty, but the menu choices were fairly limited, especially if you don't eat meat/want something healthy.I would recommend the shrimp wrap (I had it twice!) and the heathy breakfast (eggwhite frittata was beautifl -- large, hot, full of veggies, and just delicious; juice, hot drink, and fruit cup).Finally, it was odd not to have the option of checking out via the TV, like most other hotels (even of much lower 'grade') have. I got a paper bill under the door overnight (the old fashioned way) and had to call the front desk to check out.Overall, this was okay, but I won't be disappointed if I never stay here again.	
Feb 28 2008 	Great Staff Location Rooms Loved it!	My teenage son and I flew in for a short business trip &amp; to see the parade. To start off, the doormen begin your stay with a warm greeting. The front desk staff are friendly &amp; helpful. The room was amazing. Spacious, clean, beautifully equipped. They do warn you at the desk if you pull something out of the fridge, that you will be charged. If you put it back, they'll credit you. There isn't anything they won't do to make your stay pleasent. It's just too bad we weren't in the hotel, but to sleep. We ordered room-service, which was extremely good. I hate reading reviews, cause it's hard to chose a hotel in NYC. I always wait a month to write a review, incase I had a bad experience. Most people don't. It's easiest to blame the hotel. I'm there every month and try to stay in a different location. This hotel is a hop on the subway to everything. Subway is right across the street. It's right next to Century 21. My Favorite store. The view from our room was amazing. We could see every part of Ground Zero. It was important for me to have my son see the devastion that was caused. Everything was amazing: the bedding, cleanliness, staff, location, all of it. With the exception of the conceierge. He would rather help the business men, then a lady &amp; her teenage son. Don't worry about the construction noise. They put you on a high floor and we didn't even hear it.	
Feb 18 2008 	Best of Downtown	Stayed at the Millenium Hilton for only one night, February 2. Booked directly through Hilton by phone. Easy 7-10 minute taxi ride from Penn Station, or there is a subway stop next to the hotel. This hotel is directly across the street from the Path Station and Ground Zero. Also, across the side street from St. Paul's Church (built in 1766. This church was where George Washington went to pray after his inauguration. It is also the church who's amazing stained glass windows didn't even crack as the towers-across the street-collpased. It was a relief/aide station during the months following the attacks. There is also an old cemetary in front dating back to the Revolutionary War). Trinity Church, South Street Seaport &amp; Museum, Battery Park, Tribecca, City Hall, Chinatown, etc. are also nearby. My 8 year old daughter and I had a Corner King on the 37th floor. I have to say, from check in to check out, we were both treated with great respect and courtousy. We were offered ear plugs or a sound machine if the noise from ground zero became too loud. We didn't need either of these things; however, there was a pounding noise from the site which ended at midnight and began again at 6 am. (just in time for us to see the awsome sun rise over the statue of liberty!)The view from our room was amazing. The windows are almost floor to ceiling. Out one window we could see the Brooklyn Bridge and Dumbo. Out the other window we could see Ellis Island and the Statue of Liberty. We watched the ferries go by and the circle line, as well as some cruise ships on their way back home.The beds were very comfortable. The room had a large flat screen plasma TV, alarm clock radio, two phones (one in the bathroom), a Lavazza Coffee Maker with tea set up as well, and internet access (for a fee). There is not fan in the bathroom but it was very nice and the name brand toiletries were top qualitiy. The ceiling in this room was large by current standards. Don't open the minibar unless you want something...it is on sensors and if you touch it the computer thinks you bought it. One wonderful thing that this hotel has that many others in Manhattan don't, is a pool. It is located on the 5th floor next to the fitness room and the spa (where you can opt for a massage after walking around downtown all day!)The decor of the restaurant and bar area were modern but not large. Windows overlook ground zero on one side and St. Paul's Church on the other. My daughter liked watching the cars and people go by outside below us while we ate dinner. She was waving at people who actually waved back at her. That made her day. Be advised that they do have a children's menu but they do not offer substitutions. Also, if you don't want your burger rare, say so! The menu had a lot to choose from. Something for almost all tastes.I would definately stay here again if I needed to be downtown. The reception was wonderful, room beautiful, pool fun and food good. There is also a starbucks downstairs and a real hot dog vendor around the corner. There is a lot to do downtown so take advantage of this wonderful area of Manhattan. Check it out and stay at the Millenium Hilton!	
Feb 17 2008 	OK Business Hotel	I'm writing this sitting at the desk in my room on the 54th floor. The view is awesome!I just wanted to speak about &quot;the noise from the WTC construction site&quot;: it's not thàt bad! As a matter of fact, it hasn't bothered me at all and I suppose some guests are more sensible than others. If you live in a city -as I do-, it's the same &quot;noise&quot; as you have at home. It's called city noise...Overall the hotel is OK, staff is friendly, rooms are OK (a bit tired, though...), swimming pool is nice (not comparable to the Peninsula where I usually stay) and the food is good. I choose this hotel to get rid of my miles on my airline card... Location is ideal for people coming here for business. For &quot;compulsive shoppers&quot; (counting myself in...) it's far from the places where you can flex the plastic (not counting Century21 next door if you like this kind of shop, but worth seeing it and if you have the patience, buying stuff...), or from the West End.So, good hotel, but no comparison with the Millenium Hilton from Bangkok, which is WAY better...	
Feb 12 2008 	Great views and beds!	We stayed for 2 nights and had a twin room on the corner of floor 39 with great views although we were overlooking ground zero which was noisy but fine with ear plugs.Beds v comfy, great shower and tea and coffee making.No fan in the bathroom which was very steamy, but overall, great especially with star bucks just downstairs!	
Feb 1 2008 	Awesome in all Respects!	We had a large group of about 8 people heading into the city, and somehow, someway, the Millenium Hilton was the cheapest place for us to stay. We had a suite on the 10th floor looking down into ground zero. The room had 2 televisions (one of which was a 50&quot; plasma), and all the standard 4 star hilton stuff. The minibar was sensored so when we pushed everything to the back to make room for our own drinks, it sent a signal to the front desk and they initially billed us for everything in the fridge. All it took was a quick call and they immediately sent someone up to inspect it and the charges were reversed. Sometimes it pays to stay somewhere nice, because I can picture a cheaper hotel trying to make money off us even though minibar was intact.	
Jan 30 2008 	Good experience	Room overlooked ground zero. Asked for and received sound machine to cover the construction noise immediately after check in. That combined with the comfy beds gave me the best nights sleep Ive had in a long time. The room and contents were agreeable although the dust behind dressers and above showers might be a problem for those with allergies. You can do allot in one day in New York without going far. We walked a few blocks to Battery Park and took a boat to Ellis Island. On the way back to the hotel we toured the American Indian Museum and shopped the stores at the Century 21 building next door. Overall its convenient to the sites and a nice hotel.	
Jan 29 2008 	The hotel is lucky to have Angie and Vivian...	I've stayed at the Millenium Hilton on two other occasions, and both were good experiences except for the front desk and some of the noise from the WTC construction. I didn't mean to select the neighborhood when I was putting my bid in on Priceline, and I also didn't mean to put in the dollar amount I did — I'd been working way too much for a month before so I guess I needed a break more than I thought. Anyway, I wound up with the Millenium Hilton accepting my bid.I immediately called asking to be on the non-WTC-facing side. However when I got there I was confirmed for WTC-facing. Angie explained that the king beds are all WTC-facing. She offered a queen bed on the opposite side, but I needed a king for this trip. She moved us to floor 49 — and she was so friendly, patient, and informative, we just loved her.We ordered room service that night and the burgers were amazing. Salad not so great, but the burgers had filled us up anyway (we ordered way too much for two people). It was expensive, but typical of room service and very tasty.Easy checkout via the internet tv.	
Jan 29 2008 	The views are simply out of this world!!	The standards in this hotel are simply superb. We had a corner mini suite on the 50th floor looking out on to the Hudson River and with the Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island in plain view as well.The room was immaculately clean, with tea &amp; coffee making facilities and two huge TV's. The check-in was super with a real eagerness to help. Everyone was very apologetic about the construction noise (the hotel is opposite 'ground zero') but the views and service more than outweighed the limited noise we experienced. However noise will become more and more of an issue as the rebuilding work continues. This hotel has a super location downtown - you are next door to Century 21 only a few minutes walk to Battery Park (and the Liberty/Ellis Island ferries) a few minutes to South Street Seaport and the subway is right at the hotel door for midtown and uptown trains.My only criticism - and I stress only, is the concierge arranging transfers back to the airport - ours was a yellow cab with no meter running so the journey back to the airport cost far more than the journey from the airport. Insist on a metered taxi at all times.A wonderful stay and a hotel I would definately return to.	
Jan 25 2008 	Clean neat updated	Nice hotel - we booked a special weekend deal that included parking. Accomodations were excellent. Very clean and neat. Helpful staff. Best location in financial district!	
Jan 22 2008 	Great property but be aware of the noise	You can count on the Millenium Hilton quality at this Financial District property - great amenities, cleanliness, friendly and helpful staff. We were lodged in a junior suite on the 28th floor with wonderful views of the city facing west, including the Hudson River, and to the north, looking uptown. We also got a great room rate, but beware that the hotel sits right next to the giganic construction project going on right now at Ground Zero and they are working just about 7X24. The hotel will supply you with ear plugs (didn't really help me) and the option to obtain a white noise machine (with a $200 deposit refundable when you return the machine). At some times during the night, construction noise can get quite loud. The room was wonderful - good space with large windows, great bedding and very comfortable mattress. The bathroom was spacious, with a large vanity granite counter. Housekeeping was always available to make the pull-out sofa bed, even at 1:00 am. The hotel bar on the 3rd floor is so-so in the way of what an average hotel bar would look like. I would love to give this hotel a big thumbs up, but would do so with reservation since the contruction noise was very audible and at times irritating in the middle of the night.	
Jan 17 2008 	OK hotel but A LOT OF NOICE and rude staff	The Millenium Hilton is An OK hotel with VERY sleek and clean rooms and great views of NYC if you get a room high enough. However, please note the following: There is A LOT of noice due to the construction at ground zero - so make sure you get a room on a high floor away from the construction. If you can not get this guaranteed then stay away - even earplugs will not stop the noice which starts at 05:00 and stops at about midnight.And do expect typical NYC rudeness - also from the front desk and staff. I got the impression that they would rather not have us there at all.	
Jan 14 2008 	Outstanding Hotel in Lower Manhattan - Top Marks!!	We booked to stay at the Millenium Hilton on Church Street in Lower Manhattan NYC for a 3 night long weekend (7th to 10th December 2007) to celebrate my 40th birthday. The hotel is out of the hustle and bustle of the main attractions such as Times Square so the traffic &amp; pedestrian noise levels are non-existent from the hotel rooms. We were welcomed by very polite and cheerful hotel staff and found our room to have an incredible view over Ground Zero on Floor 53 (of 54) ... we could also see the Statue of Liberty from our room - east facing rooms look over the East River towards the Brooklyn, Manhattan and Williamsburg Bridges. Construction of the Freedom Tower which is to stand in the place of the former Twin Towers is to be ready in 2010. Although friends who had visited several weeks before us had told us that construction noise could only be heard from 8am to 9pm we found this to be different on our visit. Extended hours are being worked in order that the Freedom Tower is finished on time. We could hear construction noise (even on the 53rd floor) from 5:30am to 11:30pm. A letter of apology from the hotel management was on our room desk the following day and to be honest the noise was not really a problem so do not be put off - just be aware of it if you are travelling here.We bought the &quot;hop on hop off&quot; bus pass (All Loops Tour) but only used it once as the subway and the taxis were very cheap and easy to use. Also the top of an open-top bus in December is VERY cold so you don't want to spend too much time up there! The subway station starts and ends directly opposite the hotel. The fare is $2 per person per trip and this will get you to 42nd Street (A, C and E Trains) and a block away from Times Square and all it's entertainment &amp; shopping in less than 15 minutes. Don't take with you any preconceived ideas about the subway - it is cheap, clean, roomy, quick and VERY safe. We will use this method of transport around New York on every future trip now. The hotel concierge are superb so make sure you use them and their vast knowledge of the area. We were advised on transport, restaurants, bars, shopping and local sites. If you stay at the Hilton Millenium you MUST go into St Paul's Chapel next door where memorials and tributes are made to those brave people who lost their lives and loved ones in the 9/11 attacks. It is a very humbling, moving and peaceful place - we were very touched by this experience and were priveleged to have spent time here.There is a GREAT deli around the corner on Vesey Street. Breakfast and lunch are delicious and very cheap. Try the hot pastrami with mustard &amp; pickle on rye - simply delicious. Please look at the photographs on the walls in the deli too - again some very moving pictures taken from 9/11 in the deli sheltering fire and police crews - very thought provoking. You can also find a superb French restaurant on the east side of the hotel - from memory I think it was on John Street but I can't remember the restaurant name - you'll know it when you see it. We had a bottle of wine and butcher's cut steaks which were divine all for $80 - quality!In summary the Hilton Millenium is outstanding. Rooms are very comfortable, clean and have all the requirements expected from visitors including entertainment system (huge Plasma TV / Playstation / WiFi / Tea &amp; Coffee / Ice / Mini-Bar, etc.). Room service was superb &amp; delicious as well as very reasonably priced for a hotel. I have read many reviews on this site and find it a little fickle that people mark this hotel down because they see Ground Zero as a construction site or that they were kept awake by people arguing in the hallway - this is no contribution to the rating of this hotel. We rate the hotel as very highly recommended. We would definitely stay here again without hesitation and hope that our review helps you make your decison as to where to stay in this wonderful city! Enjoy!!!	
Jan 9 2008 	excellent	we travelled to new york for my 21st birthday and stayed in the millenium hilton as soon as we got there the hotel staff couldnt do enough for you. we were taken upstairs by the bell boy on the 52nd floor the view was amazing!!! massive plasma t.v big comfortable room with the best bed you will ever sleep in!! we didnt eat in the hotel but looked nice on the 5th floor. we thought that we may be looked down upon as we are younger and have in other nice hotels but there was non of this from any staff in this hotel which was nice!there is a outlet called centry 21 next to the hotel in you are from ebgland and like tk max then you will like that but no my sort of thing so didnt buy anything.the subway is next to the hotel but is not as nice as the london tube but is handy to get into the centre. and get a taxi back.the only thing with this hotel is the work that is going on outside the front of the hotel on ground zero but we had a letter in our room on arrival from the manager apoligising for the noise and offering ear plugs if needed but me and my partner dont struggle to sleep and we were high up believe me when you are walking for miles around new york and get back to your big bed the noise is not a problem you could sllep through anything!!we loved this hotel and would personaly give it 5*!	
Jan 6 2008 	Great hotel but beware of hidden charges	They were very accomodating! We arrived in New York at 7am Saturday morning, and they allowed us to check in early. We stayed in a smoking deluxe King bedroom on the 55th floor. The view was spectacular of the Brooklyn Bridge, Manhattan Bridge... etc. Both my husband and I smoke, so it was nice to find an upscale hotel in the dead of winter that allows you to smoke in the room.  I would HIGHLY recommend this hotel for anyone who hasn't seen NYC before and needs to recover from some long distance travel before exploring New York. It's in lower Manhattan, literally across the street from Ground Zero. It's a very quiet neighborhood, (by quiet I mean that you need to walk several blocks to find a restaurant open on a Saturday night,) but it's about 100 feet from a subway station, and there are some shops nearby that sell some good deli sandwiches and a huge cheap breakfast for $3.  Big Tip: Don't use the inroom fridges to store your own leftovers. We removed soda cans from the top shelf to put our take-away food in, and upon check out we were billed over $100 for &quot;amenities.&quot; Apparently there is a sensor in the fridge that automatically charges the room when it feels weight being moved. The front desk cleared up the false charges quickly, but I wish we had some warning.Oh yes, and they do not have wireless internet available at the hotel. They have internet plugs at a charge of $12.95/day. All in all it was a great place to stay for our first night in NY. It's a nice quiet place(when construction is not occuring, or you get a room on a very high floor.) I liked it, and would go back.	
Jan 6 2008 	Great hotel not the most interesting area	Very nice hotel, but they are a little unlucky with the noise at the moment. The WTC reconstruction is behind schedule and the constucters are being fined for every day they fall behind on certain deadlines. This is not the hotels fault though. They provide sound machines (not enough of them though) and ear plugs. Not much more they can do. That said I would wait a few months before going to stay there as the work is almost 24*7 right now.The room was great, as was the bar, room service, reataurant...everything you want from the hotel. Of particular note, the ear poppingly fast lifts. I found the staff to be very friendly and sympathetic about the noise and as our room was not ready on arrival they treated us to free drinks at the bar (which more than makes up for it).I didn't like the area the hotel is in too much. I was aware it was a business area but I guess since 9/11 a lot of other businesses closed as a result and even on a weeknight, there are fewer options than elsewhere so you may need to travel..thankfully most of the metro routes seem to cross around here so its a good location if you are planning to use the train system a lot.Overall I was very satisfied. I'd probably try another area next time but would recommend this hotel to others.	
Jan 4 2008 	Nice hotel but do not stay here whilst WTC construction is still in process	I searched many a website to find the perfect hotel for our 5 night stay in New York and I eventually settled on the Millenium Hilton. The photos on the website looked very nice and the value for money was good given our 5 night stay included New Years Eve. I had no doubts really that the hotel would be fine given the Hilton name.The hotel itself is very nice, clean and with stylish decor and first impressions are very good.Ours problems however started at check in. I had pre-booked a king room with a city view only to be told there were none currently available, so we had 2 choices, wait for a room to become available later in the afternoon (it was 4pm when we tried to check in) or take a lower room. We decided to wait for our room with a view that we wanted.We were pretty tired after the very long journey but sat patiently in the hotel bar for our room. After an hour we went back to the desk and were allocated our room on the 48th floor. The room was very nice with a view right over what was the WTC and the Statue of Liberty in the distance. I was perfectly aware that there was construction works going on prior to booking the hotel but presumed the works would stop in the evening and continue in the morning and as I am someone who sleeps well I did not think it would pose a problem – how wrong could I be? I decided to have a quick kip before heading out for something to eat on the 1st evening, I laid on the bed for 2 hours between 5 and 7 and didn’t sleep a wink due to the very loud construction noises. On our way out for something to eat we asked at reception what time the works would stop, we were told maybe 11pm sometimes earlier sometimes later (not very helpful) we asked for some ear plugs which they appeared to have plenty of.The long and short of it is that the construction went on ALL night and we did not sleep a wink, even with the ear plugs and a pillow on my head. We phoned down to reception in the morning and asked to be moved to a quieter room or alternatively to relocate us to another hotel and we had no intention of staying where we were and having 5 sleepless nights.We took our luggage down to reception and went out for the day. We were told we would be allocated another room. We returned to the hotel at 8pm to find we had not yet been allocated a room, after about ½ an hour they found us a new room. It had twin beds and no city view but the room was quiet and we were too tired to argue the difference and the receptionists did not seem too bothered anyway. I intend to take this further with Hilton now we have returned home.On the positive side as before the actual hotel is very nice. Ideally located for down town Manhattan with subways on the doorstep costing $2 for a single journey anywhere in Manhattan. New York is a fantastic place, everything you think it will be and a place you have to visit at least once. The shopping is amazing and very cheap in comparison to the UK, there are many bargains to be had. The food is also fantastic, we ate in Fish in Greenwich Village and had whole lobster for £15.New York at this time of year was very very busy, I would definitely return again although probably at a quieter time of year. If you go when its busy expect to queue for everything.With regards to the hotel I would definitely not stay here again until after the construction has finished and would not recommend to anyone to stay there at the moment.	
Jan 3 2008 	Great Location shame about the noise and elevators!	I stayed for 4 nights at end of Dec 07. The location of the hotel was great - I much preferred being here to Midtown. I had a view of the water and Statue of Liberty, plus the construction site at WTC. This was one of the only downsides - I was on the 48th floor, and the noise from the site went on 24 hours and you could hear it at that level so this hotel is no good if you are a light sleeper. The room was pleasant, clean and comfortable. The staff were ok - not rude nor overly polite. The best thing was the proximity to all of the subway systems which take you anywhere in Manhattan, plus you could walk up to Tribeca and SoHo for restaurants, bars and shopping, which were way cooler than anything Midtown has to offer. Only other downside - the elevators get very crowded between 9-10am when all of the tourists are trying to get out and about, to the point of being dangerously overloaded with people trying to squeeze in having waited for 20 mins, the management should supervise this....	
Jan 3 2008 	new yorkmillenium hilton	Arrived at millenium hilton early hours of morning 29th dec after being on a bus for 2 hours, get the subway much quicker,we did going back to airport at end of stay, checked in and we had booked a city view above 30th floor, we were given level 25! i said to the guy behind desk that we had booked city view above level 30, he said one momment and about 10min later said we were now on 49th floor,which was much better, thou the guy wasn,t sorry, bit rude really and no smile!got to the room and that was great, lovely view. thou we would get a decent nights sleep ready for a day of shopping! WTC works very noisy and did not stop till new years eve, they worked 24 hours a day and even being on 49th floor could still hear, very loud. they are a month behind on finishing.went to woodbury outlet, not great, some bargins but mostly last years stock and not many sizes! busy too and 2 half hours on the bus coming back!Went to empire state building and that was another 2 half hours wait and every one pushes in, finely got to the top and great view but all the standing around waiting to get up top take the edge of it, one good thing when we got up there it was snowing.could,t really find places to eat and had mexican twice, which was nice,times square was just mad and it really is a city that doesn,t sleep.we had booked a new years eve party with JOONBUG a cruise on the half moon, well it states cocktail/semi formal men attire. i brought a lovely cocktail dress and my partner wore a suit, i could have gone in jeans and t-shirt!food was rubbish and drinks were in plastic cups and 8$ each!music was good to start and then some right rubbish was played and was really loud too!another thing tickets said be there at 8 don,t be late, we did,t move from marine till nearly 11pm and then going down river towards fire works for new year he was going to fast that the boat was going forward across river so unless u were out front on deck you could,t see fire works! not what i thou it be.another thing don,t touch the food or drink in mini bar because you will be charged for it and its not cheap, food is expenses too, but if do fancy some food there is 24 hour service which is good, this is also a none smoking hotel, but there,s warm heaters outside.this was 1 of my dreams to come to new york and i,ve done it now, but i would,t do again and would,t come back to this hotel untill WTC works are finished.	
Jan 2 2008 	Christmas at the Hilton	Last year - Oct 2006 my family and I stayed at the Hilton Millenium, the visit was really good, I would have given it a 9/10. But our second visit December 21st - 27th 2007; sorry Hilton, but you have let your sides down. I would give you a 3/10 on this visit. For starters, I had booked the room almost a year in advance, I requested the 53rd floor with a city view. I got the 53rd floor but no city view. After a few phone calls, I got the 45th w/city view. I thought a year in advance and with a request like that - easy to plan. My children were with me (21,19,16) and I wanted them to see the breathtaking skylines over Christmas. We did have a king sized junior suite, nice size, shower worked, maid service good, bed made, clean towels and room kept tidy. One thing that really got me.. I must be honest here too, the bar staff in particular (main bar and resturant bar 3rd floor) were not friendly (anyone with an ice pic?) - more so on the rude side. I have travelled with Hilton for business throughout Europe, service was better, staff approachable and friendly. But overall... Would I go back? No. I like to feel a bit more of a welcome. I suggest Hilton management to get the bar staff on a customer relationship course. And teach them how to serve with a smile.....	
Jan 2 2008 	Not impressed!	I booked this Hotel as it looked very nice on the website. I e-mailed the Hotel to let them know I needed a twin room away from the lifts, preferbly in the corner. To my disappointment, we got a double bed, next to the lift and in front of the construction work so did not sleep at all. The staff told us they were fully booked so could not give us another room and totally ignored the fact that I had got an email confirmation saying we would get a twin room. I asked them what time the construction work would finish, and they said at 10pm! well, this went on the WHOLE night so they lied to us. I was extremely disappointed with their attitude, the standard of the Hotel and lack of knowledge. I would never recommend this Hotel to anyone.	
Dec 28 2007 	Bad first impression.	My partner had secretly arranged with the staff to have a bottle of champagne, champagne glasses that were sent over from Bloomingdales, and two tux's to be in the room when we arrived. He even told them what time we were to arrive. Upon check in we were told our room &quot;might be ready&quot;, and I told them that's ok, we can check our bags, walk around and come back later. Instead, we were sent up to our room. This was simple...the front desk could have stalled by asking us to have a seat in the bar, but didn't. We got to our room &amp; it wasn't 30 seconds when the champagne arrived. The glasses &amp; tux's arrived some time later...seperatly... mind you, they had been sitting downstairs at the concierge all morning. We were given a verbal appology by the manager, but you can't undo something like that and expect it to be enough. They could have comped the champagne, but we didn't pursue it. I had high hopes for this property by reading all of the postings, but the hotel blew it for me big time.	
Dec 27 2007 	It needs to be closed 1	The hotel is uninhabitable. The 24 hour a day construction noise at Ground Zero is so bad, one will not be able to sleep without drugs. THE hotel web page talks about neighborhood construction, but says nothing about the nonstop noise. The hotel should be closed until the work is done.	
Dec 18 2007 	I want to buy the pillows! So comfy/modern/nice!	I stayed for 3 nights in June 07 and this hotel was wonderful! Very fancy, clean, modern, and spacious. I loved how I could plug in my iPod to the alarm clock so I could listen to my own music. The flat panel TV is nice, furniture is modern. The best part were the pillows! I actually looked up online and saw that you could buy them. Expensive pillows - but I want a couple still!!I only would complain about the construction at Ground Zero so there was noise all night but I could still sleep. I felt very safe here but at 3am there isn't anything to eat unless you want to walk a few blocks (which I wouldn't, as a small female). The subway that is very close didn't take me to my friend's place in ChinaTown/Little Italy so that was kind of a pain sometimes, but we took taxis. This is an excellent hotel for the financial district and ground zero visitations.	
Dec 15 2007	Hilton Wins Again	This was our first stay in the financial district and were somewhat hesitant of the location since most of NYC's attractions are Midtown.However, we were so impressed by the Millenium Hilton and the convenience of public transportation in the area, that the notion quickly dissipated.Our room (#1813) was beautiful and lived up to the 4-star billing. We also had a great view of the work being performed on WTC site. Please see attached photos.If you are a shopper, Century 21 is right around the corner and Soho is very accessible.My wife and I would certainly stay here again.	
Dec 12 2007	Elegant bargain	Lovely hotel, clean and new due to recent remodelling, which seems to be completed. (As of 12/07 there is some construction on the east side of the hotel, but it does not affect hotel access.) Breathtaking views of Hudson River and WTC site. Close to Tribeca, subway, and steps from train station at WTC.You can get great deals directly from their website, probably to build up business again after remodel. Highly recommended.	
Dec 10 2007 	excellent stay	We just returned from our first trip to NYC and stayed the last 3 days at the Millenium Hilton, and we overly pleased with the stay. We had stayed in Times Square for the first 2 nights of our stay and were a little worried about leaving that area for another hotel.But we were more than pleased with our choice. The hotel is a Hilton, and that speaks for itself. Very modern , clean and staff very more than willing to help on any occasion.We booked a room through Hotwire for $244/night and felt that was a great price for that hotel in NYC at that time of the year.We had a deluxe room with a king bed ( as promised) and had no complaints whatsoever about the room. It did overlook ground zero, and it was a bit noisy on some mornings but we were on the 21st floor and what we heard at that level was nothing to complain about. Yes there was some noise, but nothing that you may even notice.We didn't eat at the restaurant but we heard that it was very good.They have a great pool, and fitness center. The business center had all the amenities , but charged for use of the internet, (perhaps in my opinion the only negative thing about the hotel). FOr such a hotel for this price, I think internet access should be available at no extra charge.Staff were great and answered all of our many questions about NYC and tried to help in whatever way they could.The location of the hotel is in the downtown area, which was not a concern for us, as the subway was very convenient and got us to where we needed to be in 10 minutes.Overall a fabulous time in NYC and at this hotel. Would definately recommend this hotel, and we would stay there again	
Dec 7 2007 	ok but a bit noisy with the construction....	The hotel overlooks Ground Zero, where the World Trade Center Towers used to be, and in your room you hear the construction noise from the work that is going on to build something new there. It starts early, even on the weekends.This was the first time that I had been back to the hotel since 9/11. The hotel rooms were renovated after it and are well designed and equipped, especially for the business traveller which I guess due its location are the main guests.The desk for working at has a proper work chair which makes a huge difference. There is a great, modern coffee making machine (which I wish more hotels had) and a really huge flat screen TV. The bed is large but not as comfortable as those at the Sheraton or Westin.There is a surprising lack of choice of places to eat or drink. There is only a very small bar in the lobby and one restaurant on the 3rd floor (which did a satisfactory but not stunning buffet). There is a fitness centre but I did not get to it on this trip.The hotel is right next to the famous Century 21 discount label department store and an easy 10 minute walk to South Street Sea Port area with its shops and museums and the major drop off and pick up for the round Manhattan bus tours. But overall, it is not a very handy destination for tourists as far from the shopping areas and Central Park etc.Overall, I liked the room a lot but the noise of construction did wake me up earlier than I would have liked so was glad my stay was so short.When the World Trade Center was across the road there was much better eating and shopping etc, and sure there will be again.You can often get good deals at the hotel as the construction puts a lot of people off. It is not massively troublesome but more of a minor distraction in reality.	
Dec 3 2007 	exceedingly average	The hotel is opposite Ground zero, so great location for looking around Manhattan. Unfortunately there is a lot of building work near the hotel, the noise of which could be heard in our hotel room despite being on a high floor. We were also woken up in the middle of the night by a couple arguing in the hallway! The hotel food is also very expensive, with a chocolate bar from the mini bar costing about $6! Staff not too friendly either. Not what I expected from a Hilton hotel!	
Dec 3 2007 	A good altenative if the price is right	We needed to go to NYC for what we now realize is major tourist season. We tried all means possible to get a nice hotel for under $500-600/night for a weekend in between Thanksgiving and Xmas to no avail.We decided to blow our entire hotel point account on 2 nights at a different hotel which was not ideal but it got us there. I continued to search however, for some break though or last minute deal. Hotwire was listing a 4 star hotel in Soho for $249. Bingo! I examined the description (which mentioned a pool) and searched to find that the only 4* hotel in Soho with a pool was the uber-hip Gansevoort. I jumped at the chance and booked it, only find, out after committing, that the reservation was for the Millennium Hilton.We were quite disappointed (I'd even say a bit mad) since although this hotel is South of Houston....it is no way Soho.We have had many opportunities to stay here in the past but declined. But....we sucked it up and checked in and wrote it off to &quot;it's only a place to sleep and shower&quot;.I have to say that we were pleasantly surprised. The proximity to the subway and path trains made it an incredibly convenient location. Since we are Gold members, we were upgraded to a room with a fantastic view of all downtown and the river. Sunset was spectacular. It was fascinating to watch the activity going on in the rebuilding of the WTC across the street. We checked in to a decent sized, modern and clean room with nothing really to complain about. The staff was helpful and friendly.While we did just sleep and shower here on our busy weekend, I would consider staying here again if the price was prohibitive at some of our more favorite locations.	
Dec 2 2007 	Very nice NYC hotel	After staying at &gt;20 hotels in NYC over the years - The Hilton Millenium rates very high. Great location for Chinatown - Lil Italy - Battery Park - Chelsea - Soho - lower Manhattan. We had a standard room - very nice- ave sized. You typically cannot go wrong with Hilton - always nice and comfortable. The location basically overlooks the construction at Ground Zero. One might complain about the construction noise - very little for us. Did not have time for fitness / pool / or restaurant. Pool looked nice on their photo page. The staff was very nice and cabs were easy to come by. There is a train station across the street (Ground Zero - path). Cab - $15 to Midtown.	
Dec 2 2007 	nothing less than superb!	We stayed here for my 40th birthday and it was nothing less than superb!I was our second trip to NYC. We'd previously stayed in the equally excellent Fitzpatricks on lexington in June '06 but their December rates could not match the value we got at the Millenium - five nights for €700, less than $200/night! Worth every penny!Victor, the extremely efficient guy who took our reservation ensured we got one of the few (14) smoking rooms of all of which are on the 54th floor and ours had a excellent view over Jersey with an eerie eagle eyed perspective over the WTC site. The location in Downtown NY is close to Wall street, right next door to Century 21 and two mins walk from Abecrombie &amp; Fitch which made shopping so easy and cab fairs up town are cheap.Check in was instant! The door men are first class, everyone of them friendly and funny but the numerous concergie's vary. One guy, Joe, was condescending and rude and managed to mess up our dinner reservation for my big four oh but another guy who's name slips my mind gave us excellent advice on where to catch the Arsenal V Chelsea match - Nevada Smiths on 3rd ave between 11th &amp; 12th which had an absolutley brillaint atmoshpere - packed with chanting fans of both persuasions, half of them expats and amazingly, many avid new york soccer fans! We ate breafast and dinner in the hotel both of which were excellent with super service. The bar staff are great, especially the retired cop guy who didnt fail to set us up a freebie after several rounds and tips. They talk freely about the horendous events of 9/11 when incredibly the hotel survived any serious structural damge despite being directly opposite the WTC. (on our first nitght we watched the movie WTC in our room and it was weird to be looking down on the site at the same time - God bless America!)Nonetheless the Millenium closed for two years following those disasterous events and required substantial superficial rennovations which contribute to its pritine appearance today. The public areas are excellent, the rooms/bathrooms superb. The leisure cetnre is small but adequate with a nice pool which is a rarity in Manhattan but sadly there was no jacuzzi!The view from the upper floors are stunnning! On our final morning we awoke with a start to find a guy cleaning the windows which momentarily scared the cr*p out of us as it is the last thing you'd expect to see at that height! Check out was completely hassle free, the bill had been settled automaticaly and a reciept posted under our door on the moring of departure and the hotel stored our bags untill we left for the airport at 4pm. We had to nip into Century 21 to buy an extra suitcase to transport our purchases!All in all, this is an absolutley superb hotel at the price!Cant wait to go back!MP1	
Nov 30 2007 	A great choice if the price is right!	We stayed at the Millenium over the long Thanksgiving weekend (arriving after the parade!) while visiting our daughter who lives in Brooklyn. Having previously stayed at hotels in Times Square, we opted for something different this time around. I saw a really good nightly rate online and called the hotel directly and got the same rate. I asked for a &quot;City View&quot; King room and was thrilled when I walked in to a very large room, extremely clean, the bed was so comfortable with lavish linens (lots of pillows!). We were on the 51st floor, looking directly west (over the WTC site) and out over New Jersey. We could see south to the Statue of Liberty and north up Broadway. The window in the 51st floor elevator lobby afforded a terrific view of the Brooklyn Bridge (and Brooklyn) and the river. The plasma TV on the wall was terrific, very modern desk and dresser. Comfortable chair, large closet - lots of well-placed lamps and reading lights. The bathroom was very clean with lots of counter space (hair dryer, really really nice towels and lots of them, the usual shampoo, etc.). A nice touch was that an umbrella was in the closet for our use (didn't need it) and a safe was provided as well. The lobby was nice (a bit noisy with all the comings and goings) with a lobby bar but when the bar was full, there were no other places to &quot;hang out&quot;. The concierge was great, very good recommendations. Bellmen were &quot;johnny on the spot&quot; and apologized for the delay as we were leaving that there were no cabs to be had (we were leaving during Monday rush hour) but did call one specifically for us to get us to the airport on time. We really enjoyed our stay at the Millenium and will again (if the price is right). We were slightly amused that for the price we paid we didn't get free internet (neither in the room or in the business center) while the Burger King down the street (as well as other businesses) did! Even our cheap hotel room in Eau Claire, Wisconsin offers free WiFi!! Also, while the plasma screen TV was really nice and big, the restricted number of cable channels was a disappointment. Couldn't they offer a few more movie channels (only had HBO) or the more popular cable channels? Not that we watched too much TV, but after walking all day it was nice to unwind in the lovely room. Don't hesitate to stay at the Millenium if the price is right for your budget (we paid about $300 inc. taxes per night which we thought was a bargain in NYC).	
Nov 28 2007 	very good choice	I and my partner stayed at the Hilton for four nights for a long weekend in New York. The hotel is in the downtown area but easily accessible with public transport and a taxi ride to midtown is about $ 17. We arrived after a transatlantic flight in the evening and were immediately whisked in with the luggage all taken care of. The receptionist (Angie I think her name was) was extremely helpful as our request were a smoking room and a high floor. She excelled at this and we were given a fantastic room on the 54th floor overlooking ground zero and the Brooklyn Bridge. The room was exceptionally large by New York standards and had all the amnesties you could wish for: good internet connection (for a very reasonable $12/day), LCD TV, mini bar, large bathroom and excellent bed. The service overall was very efficient and friendly. The concierge helped us making restaurant reservations and taxis were flagged down very quickly.The only downside of the stay was the varying service in the bar next to the lobby. The prices for the very same drink orders seem to vary between staff and at one point the bar tender refused to allow us to take the drinks upstairs (his explanation was that they were short of that particular style of glasses, well then order some more).There are limited choices in the area for good food, but we tried Les Halles on 15 John St which was a good basic choice, 2 minutes from the hotel. Other than that you may have to travel a bit to get high quality restaurants. We loved Lever House Restaurant on 390Park Avenue.I can highly recommend the Millenium Hilton (even if the spelling annoys me) and considering the normally ridiculous room rates in New York the Hilton is definitely a bargain.	
Nov 24 2007	not great not bad	I booked a room here for just our first night arriving into NY because of mix ups on our dates and my first choice of hotel wasn’t available for that night. I wanted to leave a straightforward review of my experience of this hotel. I have to say that I was not overwhelmed in any sense – not great, not bad, nothing to write home about. When we arrived, the staff was professional but curt. I booked a high room with a city view. The only rooms they had available when we got there were rooms facing Ground Zero. The view looks straight down at Ground Zero. As other reviewers have said, there is heavy equipment operating and loud noise literally 24 hours a day so don’t expect a quiet night. We were exhausted when we got in so we ordered room service and I felt ill after the meal. In the morning, we ate a very expensive breakfast buffet in the hotel restaurant. As far as the room, it was just a room, though tidy and clean. For the price and overall ‘experience’, I was completely underwhelmed.All in all, just a very so-so experience combined with disappointment relative to the price (very expensive during marathon time!)	
Nov 22 2007 	Met my expectations	Wife and I were at the Millenium for three nights on a Diamond award stay right before Thanksgiving 2007. Location of this hotel was perfect, as we eschewed the car and took Amtrak up from Washinigton, DC. We came up out of the PATH station at the World Trade Center station, and the hotel was staring us right in the face!Upon checking in, the front desk clerk told us our room was not ready. I asked for an upgrade and we were promptly assigned a corner junior executive suite on floor 38. That room was fantastic, with an impressive vista of the WTC site. We knew it was going to be noisy thanks to previous postings here but as with many others, it didn't overly bother us.Subway stations are within two blocks of the hotel, taking you just about anywhere you want to go in the city. At the end of our stay we saved probably $30 by taking the subway up to Penn Station to catch our train to Pennsylvania, instead of hailing a cab.During this trip, I fulfilled a lifelong dream of visiting Ellis Island. Battery Park, where you catch the ferry, is a 15-minute walk. We had dinner at the South Street Seaport one evening, another pleasant 15-minute walk.Only possible down side of the entire visit is that things pretty much fold up in the evening, but there are ways to compensate for that. Overall we had a fantastic time and I would stay here again. I want to thank all the previous posters for their insightful reviews and helpful suggestions.	
Nov 21 2007 	Great hotel	This is a really nice hotel. It provides everything you would expect from a hotel in this class, and it is a great deal at the weekend when the financial district is quiet. Excellent beds, helpful staff - no problems at all. Century 21, a truly wonderful department store - discount but not tacky - is right next door. However - it is not in Midtown or anywhere near it if you like to walk. We did not find the subway as convenient as it might have been: some stations are closed because of Ground Zero rebuilding and on the long weekend we were there, ticket machines wouldn't take any notes, only coins. Having just arrived, we didn't have many coins - so take some! Buses don't take notes either. You could buy a pass with a credit card, but obviously you need to be travelling a fair bit to make it worth it. None of this is the Millenium's fault - but be aware and come prepared. One other problem with the location is that there are very few restaurants within walking distance. It's a very nice hotel, but be prepared to use public transport a lot. Previously we had stayed in Midtown and were certainly spoilt for choice with restaurants close by, but of course, you pay more. For the money - we paid about $400 Australian per night - it's great.	
Nov 20 2007 	amazing great views	an all round amazing trip, made even more special by this hotel. the millenium hilton was just amazing, ok it was a little bit noisy that is because they are working on the trade centre site. which is a stones through away, id recommend to every1 who wants to see new york to use the subway, a little daunting 1st time but the only way to see new york city, for example we caught a cab to mid town which cost $12 and 35 mins a subway tokk 7 mins and $2. my trip, hotel, experiance was amazing the only let down was the manners of people in new york, might just be me but manners do not cost anything.	
Nov 19 2007	Good value good location	NYC is getting more expensive by the month and it's really difficult to find a decently priced business-type hotel in Manhattan these days.....so I was pleased when I found the Millennium Hilton. I booked directly via hilton.com and paid 200 US dollars, a great price for this location.The rooms are spacious, modern, with fast internet service and are exactly what you would expect from a Hilton hotel. The hotel is definitely designed for business travellers....there is very little lobby space, few extra amenities and not much of a concierge service. Wall St is just a short walk away, and the hotel is on top of a subway station so it's easy to get around. Bargain hunters will be pleased to know that Century 21 is right next door too.Yes people may moan about the view, but what do they expect?! Look beyond the ground zero construction site and there is a perfectly nice view of the river, all the way across to the statue of liberty....	
Nov 16 2007 	Millenium Hilton Very Nice......	We recently stayed at the Millenium Hilton and liked it very much.We went to NY to see Grease which we did not end up seeing because of the strike. They upgraded us to a suite because weare Hilton Gold Card members. The suite was very nice, the people who worked in the hotel were always very nice and attentive. We ate lunch and breakfast in the restuarant on the 3rd floor and that was also very good, but very expensive. It is located a bit far from Times Square - we took a cab which was about $16 each way. It is a nice walk to the Seaport/Waterfront area and Century 21 is right around the corner. We would stay at this property again as it was very nice all around.Linguica	
Nov 12 2007 	Scary view	Nothing wrong with this hotel. Location isn't for everyone, being very far downtown with few proper shopping/eating options. Room itself was pretty nice - standard modern Hilton. Staff were a bit snooty. I was woken up every 15 minutes as my room was next to the elevator, so the &quot;ding&quot; was annoying, and there was a housekeeping phone right outside the room that kept ringing. Staff comment was &quot;Oh, would you like us to shut down the elevator then?&quot;However - one thing to bear in mind that the hotel overlooks Ground Zero. Directly. In fact, you probably won't get a better view of the site of the fallen twin towers from anywhere. Maybe it's just me, but I found it a rather disturbing sight. Of course some people will find this interesting. I just found it was chilling.	
Nov 12 2007 	Nice Downown Location	I gave the hotel average only because I stayed at the Hilton New York the week before. This hotel is very good in many, ways, all the fixtures, comfort of bed, quality of ammentites were of a high standard. Just didn't seem as plush. It is a business hotel though, the lobby is small compact and the staff serve vry efficiently, don't expect huge smiles and pampering - they have job to do - get you into your room ASAP.The porters were nice blokes, Concierge was very helpful - especially hen my Blue Shuttle didn't arrive &amp; I had to grab a cab. The hotel is directly opposite Ground Zero but I barely heard any noise - if any and there were no major inconveniences. Close - healthy 15 minute walkto Southport shops &amp; restaurants and just down from Wall street.Downside was no bars at night over the weekend.	
Nov 7 2007 	Great hotel!	I got a free night certificate as a result of a bad experience at the Hilton Toronto Airport, and decided to use it here.Requested a dry room because of my age (20) and got it.I had a room on the 46th floor with a great view of ground zero. Room was very clean, although just as I had expected, it was small. The elevators were VERY fast; it took about 20 seconds to go up to the 46th floor.The only one thing I didn't like was the way they did towels; they were like sandpaper. I'd definitely stay here again if I were given the opportunity!	
Nov 7 2007 	Great Downtown Hotel	We stayed from the 1st to 5th November and in total had 3 rooms. We needed to make a change to one of the rooms, which was completed with complete assistance by the staff. The room decor and layout was excellent with spacious bathroom, extremely comfortable beds and of course the large plasma TV. The location is very much downtown and for this reason you have to depend on Taxi's or subway. The E line is located pretty much outside the front door and will have you at the Port Authority or 5th Avenue in minutes. We didn't have an opportunity to eat in the hotel, prices where quiet high and with the availability of food on your doorstep you will never be stuck. We found staff to be very helpful with great recommendations from the concierge. Overall our stay was extremely relaxing and we would use this hotel again.	
Nov 4 2007	Great hotel	We truly enjoyed staying in this hotel. When we arrived we asked for a different type of room and hotel staff made the change with a very positive attitude. All members of the hotel staff were polite and friendly. The room was wonderful, tastefully decorated with very comfortable beds, and a great view of Ground Zero. One day I was not feeling well and decided to stay in my room with the &quot;no disturb&quot; sign outside my door. Later that day I got a polite call from housekeeping services asking if everything was ok and offering to bring to the room anything I might need. We travel to New York at least once a year and this has been the best hotel experience we have ever had.	
Oct 29 2007 	Expensive but very professional	We booked two rooms at this property from the 20th - 27th October '07. Location was great, downtown, close to Wall Street, Century 21, South Seaport and the like. We got a wonderful and cheerful welcome - they sent us a large platter of strawberries dipped in chocolate when we checked in!The room was lovely, nice large Plasma TV, fantastic view of the properties in front, Ground Zero right beneath us, lovely bathrooms stacked with Crabtree &amp; Evelyn products. Very very comfortable.Service was way above standard, all you needed was to call and someone would be up in the room in a whisk. Room service food was simply fantastic, though very very expensive. There are lots and lots of places to eat nearby, so one can easily walk to the food!Our 7 days there were dotted with excellent service, a professional concierge, very happy door men and all in all - a great experience. Room size was large (for New York), our double king bed was extremely comfortable. Lots of space to keep your bags, ironing board and steam iron provided in each room (that helped a lot before my meetings!), Lavazza coffee and tea maker which was replenished each time you used it.On the downside, Internet access was expensive - nearly $13 daily - as a business hotel they should give that complimentary I thought. Food was also more expensive than imagined - beware the breakfast charges in the restaurant! Ensure you decide what plan you want to take before you sit down or they'll pour yo orange juice and charge you $4 for it... I highly recommend the place, though its a $15-17 cab ride to midtown. Very well connected by tube though.	
Oct 22 2007	All round winner	We stayed here for 5 nights - 10th through 14th October. The hotel is in a great location for exploring the downtown area, and a very short walk to subways on a number of different lines. We walked along to the South Street Seaport on two mornings for a relaxing coffee on the deck as the boats passed along the East River.The rooms were a mixed bag. We had a double for the first night which turned out to be two queen beds – certainly not enough room for three to sleep comfortably. The beds themselves were incredibly comfortable – just not big enough. Luckily we had booked a Junior Suite for the next four. What a difference. On the 29th floor, it was very spacious, and had three huge plate windows looking down towards the Battery, and out to the construction site that is Ground Zero, with the bustling traffic on the Hudson a lovely way to greet each morning. I didn't find it off-putting at all – it's just a hive of activity and a symbol of a people determined to recover. The iconic 'cross' section of the original building stands in front of the church just a little way up Church Street, and that is still moving.We loved our big 42” plasma screen, but it didn't improve the quality of the programmes! That's not what we went for of course. The rooms had internet access for $12.95 per 24 hours. Yes it is noisy – they work from early morning to late (and I mean late) at night, except for Saturday night. So I bought earplugs, which worked a treat. $4.99 and you have hundreds of Duane Reades to choose from!We ate in a few places nearby. Go to the Stage Door Deli across the way for great breakfasts and real theatre courtesy of the staff. Have you ever seen a bagel fly? Well, you can here. We also ate in the Woolworth Building Kitchen which was excellent value. The hotel's restaurant serves up similar fare but is more expensive and less atmospheric than either of these.Being right next door to Century 21 is another plus – even if only for getting in early morning or late evening before it gets far too busy.Staff were courteous and helpful, and ensured that our pick-up to the airport was on time.I'd go back tomorrow. In fact I wish I could...	
Oct 22 2007 	Met expectations	The Millenium Hilton met our expectations. Fab price for the location and amenities- walking distance to Battery Park/ Statue of Liberty departures, multiple subway stops nearby. Most of the areas around the hotel have walkways for pedestrians now, so we didn't have any trouble getting around. Be aware of construction noise, but it didn't keep me from having a good night's sleep in the super-comfy bed. We had a view from the 27th floor overlooking the WTC site, but we found it more interesting than sad- good to see progress. Refrigerator and snack drawer are on the weighted system, so don't plan on storing food or beverages of your own. This hotel IS in New York City- parking is limited and expensive if you have to use it, and there are only two single bathrooms off the lobby. (A woman behind me in line was very rude with complaints about this fact.)	
Oct 19 2007 	Thank Goodness for the Hilton !!	When I was planning the trip to NYC as my daughter's 18th birthday present, I asked her if we should get a good hotel, or not bother, as we wouldn't be doing anything other than sleep in it. Well, thank goodness as any precocious 17 year old would, she wanted to spend the extra for a good hotel. So I chose the Millenium Hilton from the City &amp; Show website, and actually got a pretty good deal.As it turned out, my daughter was EXTREMELY ill for the trip, for all of the 5 days we spent there. It started when she fainted on the plane out there (a BIG BIG thank you to the wonderful guys on Continental Airlines who helped her out with oxygen). So we got to Newark, got our taxi to the hotel, and my daughter didn't leave after that (except for an hour in Bloomingdales and a pre-booked helicopter trip). She couldn't walk one block so didn't even see Ground Zero.So we were stuck in our fantastic hotel room on the 44th floor, with our excellent view up towards the Empire State. As a busy working mum, I actually found the enforced stay very relaxing - we caught up on all of our movies on the big flat screen! The staff was very helpful, and the beds extremely comfortable. This hotel made what could have been an utterly miserable trip, bearable.I had a meal in the restaurant one evening which was very pleasant. Also, the hotel is right next to Century 21, which is ideal for cut-price shopping. And the World Financial Centre is also worth a look, as well as the church across the road which at that time still held the memorabilia for the lost loved ones of the 9/11 tragedy.The only problem (and why I'm not giving it a 5 rating) is that there were no instructions by the phone on how to ring an international call back home to Ireland, and I inadvertently dialled various numbers (including to Africa apparently!) and I had to work hard with the reception staff not to be charged an exorbitant amount.I think I'd like somewhere more central next time, but if you want to be downtown, this is the place. My daughter recovered when we got back home of course, and we know someday we'll be able to laugh about it (just not yet!).	
Oct 18 2007 	Great Place to Stay	This hotel is located right next to Ground Zero..therefore it is a bit noisy, especially through the night! However, we stayed in a Junior Suite on the 23 floor and the room was very clean, and the staff couldn't have been more helpful. We were not unecessarily bothered by them, and the rooms are of a good size and standard. We particuarly liked the Lavazza coffee maker in the room. We would definately stay here again	
Oct 17 2007 	We had a great stay at the Millenium	We arrived at the Millenium on Friday night, October 12, 2007. We had no problems at check in They were gonna put us in a room on the 30th floor or so but accommodated my request for something higher and one that overlooked the WTC site. So we ended up on the 44th floor looking right down onto the WTC site.... I didn't know what to expect when I saw the site and was somewhat disturbed with myself for feeling very little emotion but really, like others said, its just a construction site. It was when I saw the steel cross from the wreckage and when we visited St Paul's Chapel next door was when the emotion finally got me.... It was hard for me to see dump trucks and rebar and expect that to touch me.. but to see a pew where rescue workers laid their weary bodies.... wow. We could also see the Statue of Liberty from our window.....But back to the hotel..... it was beautiful, the rooms were immaculate. The only complaint I have follows: I expected that there would be FREE wireless internet, you know, seeing that I paid several hundred dollars a night to stay here, but nope, I would have had to pay an additional $5.95 per hour... so no thanks. Not even in the lobby was it free... I figured Hilton could afford it. Now let me address the &quot;noise&quot; from the construction site. You know when you book this hotel that is adajcent to the WTC site. One must EXPECT noise from a construction site... but if you are looking for a quiet place on vacation, maybe you should look to the beach or the mountains and not NYC,. WIth that said, there was a little bit of noise that did go late into the night and began very early in the morning but who cares. It didnt disturb me. I know what these workers are doing. They are trying to repair was what destroyed.... why is that a bad thing? Its not for me. The roads are made narrow by the construction but it didnt impede us in any way. We did our reserach and expected it. There is a pizza place down the street named Steve's Pizza that was open late, four slices of BIG slices of pizza and two Cokes was 20 bucks and you know what? it was ten times better than the pricey meals we ate while in NYC. The smaller restaurants, the family owned or the &quot;cheaper&quot; places were awesome. The high dollar places are selling the place, the view, etc, but the others are selling the food... remember that. There is also a spot that was awesome as well. Champs, which is about 5 blocks away, was cheap and sooo good. Check em out. [--] The subway is the best way to get around... $7.00 a day buys you unlimited rides all day... and we used it alot. Beats the taxi rides, much cheaper, very fast, not scary like you see on TV, haha. A second complaint that I just remembered... there was a strange smell from the pillows.. maybe like a stale smell mixed with Lysol... kind of smelly, but it wasnt a huge deal.	
Oct 10 2007	Hilton Millenium is good but not great	The Hilton Millenium is located across the street from the WTC complex and most of the rooms overlook the area, which can be a bit depressing. If you can handle that, the hotel is located in a great location. Several subway stops are within a couple of blocks and the area is a little less hectic than mid-town.The room itself is pretty nice, with a very nice plasma TV (but what are you doing watching TV in NYC?). The service is so-so. The construction around the hotel can be pretty aggrevating. The construction noise isn't that bad, but all the sidewalks have been narrowed and with all the street vendors around it can be very slow to get back to the hotel from the subway.	
Oct 10 2007 	Will go back...	My husband and I have just returned from a 5 day trip to NY and we had a fantastic time. Hotel room was 4111 junior suite which had three huge windows all with fantastic views. Looking down over the WTC site and across to the Statue of Liberty, looking up Broadway towards the Empire State Bldg and across towards the Brooklyn Bridge. Found hotel staff very helpful and friendly, no complaints there. We did find the room a little noisy from work going on below at the WTC , sometimes work would start very early in the morning (even Sunday) and end quite late. That said the views from the room made up for it.We ate in the hotel and found the food to be ok although the dining room has no character. Good deli across the road, The Stage Door. Had carry outs and breakfast there, hightly recommended.Great location though and would stay here again. Worth taking the helicopter trip.	
Oct 8 2007	Great stay at the Millennium Hilton	My mom and I really enjoyed our stay at this hotel. The room was clean and very comfortable. We didn't hear any street/construction noise from our room on the 12th floor. The hotel was very accommodating, and gave us a room with 2 double beds even though we had booked a king through priceline. The room was quite large by NYC standards. It's very accessible by public transportation, and very easy to get to via train from Newark Airport. Also, you are able to print your boarding pass from the lobby, which is a big plus.	
Oct 7 2007 	Worst Service in NY!!!	I have stayed at and held meetings at over 25 hotels in NYC and I have to say that this hotel was by FAR the worst experience I ever had. I can't understand how this hotel was given 4 stars. With Ground Zero right below, even getting to the hotel is a nightmare, nevermind the $90 parking, rude hotel staff from the front desk all the way up to the F&amp;B Manager and less than sparkling rooms! Everyone seems to have a chip on their shoulder and act as if I should be LUCKY to be staying here. I am very understanding of slight issues at a hotel and would never give a &quot;terrible&quot; rating unless it was very well deserved. The prices are cheap for a reason people- Look elsewhere!!!	
Oct 5 2007 	Overrated	Stayed here between 14 - 17 September 2007. The hotel's has a new modern feel to it but lacks character. The 42&quot; plasma is a nice touch but they are cheap 42&quot; plasmas and therefore the quality of the picture is not great, however, that's really not that important unless you are considering spending the whole time wathcing TV in your bedroom. The hotel staff were average/above average i.e. some good, some crap! The Church &amp; Dey restaurant is like a morgue, basically nobody seems to go in there for some reason, maybe it was the bread (like chewing a brick). The waiters/esses were looking for something to do (have never seen to waiters fight over who to take the empty plates to the kitchen before!). Small, crowded reception area, extremely noisy outside with the WTC construction. +'s were next to Century 21 and opposite train station. If you are looking for a suite stay in Embassy Suites down in Battery Park, similar price + free buffet breakfast	
Oct 3 2007 	Views of WTC pit and 24/7 Noise from Site	Stayed on northwest corner suite. Noise was never ending from WTC site.	
Oct 3 2007 	Great stay	Great hotel and wonderful location. We booked online through Expedia and got a fantastic deal for a Jr. Suite. The room was large and very clean. The staff in general were very nice, giving the bar staff the biggest kudoos. Our only complaint is that when my husband miss placed his key, the front desk would not give him another one, because the room was not booked in his name. However, at check in they asked for the name of anyone else staying in the room. If I hadn't been there (in the shower at the time) he would hvae been loked out until I returned. When I went downstairs to ask why his name hadn't been added to the guest list, I recieved a blank stare and asked if I wanted to get another key. Other than that we had a great stay and since Centry 21 is right next door we will be returning sooner than my husband thinks! LOL	
Sep 18 2007 	The Tops!	I have just returned from a five day break at the Millenium Hilton NYC and can't wait to return. If you are looking for a fantastic hotel with breathtaking views and great comfort look no further.We had a junior suite on the fifteenth floor which was ample space for a family of four. It consisted of two rooms connected by a small hallway and a bathroom. I have read some negative comments about the staff so I was prepared for some attitude, but I would like to say that every staff member we came into contact with was polite, friendly and couldn't do enough for us. If you like to shop Century 21 is next door with a Starbucks in between. I can highly recommend breakfast at the Stage Door Deli in the next block. Room service was fabulous with huge portions and a very quick service.I really didn't want to leave.	
Sep 17 2007	Loved It	We stayed at the Millenium Hilton Sept 14 to Sept 17. We got an excellent price of $249.00 per night on the Hotel website. We arrived at 8:00 am on the 14th and were given a room despite the fact that check in is at 3:00 pm. The hotel lobby although not impressive was clean and functional. The hallways were well lit and clean. The room was excellent. I generally do not feel comfortable in hotel rooms however this was not the case here. I did not notice any dirt or spots on the carpet. The bed was great. The room was well appointed and had a flat secreen television. All of the staff we dealt with were friendly and helpful. I would definitely stay here again. As for the negatives, there is loud construction at the WTC site and this hotel is right across the street from Ground Zero. The only issue we had was being awoken at 6:30 am on Saturday morning by the noise. It is also located in the financial district and not conveiniently located to Times Square. We did not really have a problem with these things though. We did not try the restaurant or bar at this hotel. This hotel is definity worthy of a four star rating unlike many &quot;four star&quot; hotels is NYC. The best Hotel I have stayed at in NYC in my opinion.	
Sep 15 2007 	you have to stay here!!!!	As you can tell by the title we very much enjoyed our stay at this hotel...everything went amazingly smooth while we were there...the room was fantastic...a view you couldnt believe...overlooking the WTC site...and so clean with lots of room to spread out and relax...the staff was excellent with any questions we had...the concierge was a great resource and we asked them so many questions and they had an answer for everyone of them...from where to eat to what to do...the only thing that I wasnt too crazy about was the distance from Times Square and all the main attractions...taxi cab ride was about 15-20 dollars but if you dont mind manning the subway than that would be a cheaper way of going around the city...we really cant say enough good things about the hotel...it was everything we were hoping for and more and will be staying there again when we visit NYC!!!!	
Sep 11 2007 	A room with a (superb) view	I stayed here for two nights at the beginning of a USA holiday. Have visited NYC many times and recognised that the area was not the best location for Manhattan, but knew it was convenient for public transport .The weekend rate was fantastic and I booked a corner suite for arouhnd £160 per night. The room was on the 51st floor and looked down onto Ground Zero, the Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island from one aspect and from the other, Brooklyn Bridge. The views are fabulous and made the stay very special; you could not foregt what city you were in!The room was also a very good size, nicely appointed, flat screen TV and a conmfortable and very big bed. Decent bathroom. Would highly recommend.	
Sep 3 2007	Great	In town for a family wedding. Excellent accomodations. Room was super clean. Bed was comfortable to the max. I did not use pool, but it sure looked good.	
Aug 31 2007 	Fabulous hotel	Great hotel with good access to Battery Park and Statue of Liberty. Downside is it is a little far from midtown so could end up costing a fair bit in taxis. We paid $20 to get to times square out of rushhour.	
Aug 31 2007 	Romantic New Year City Break	My now-husband but then-boyfriend and I visited New York for the first time at New Year and chose this hotel due to it's down-town Manhattan location and star rating.Upon arrival, reception was very busy, and we were a little dissapointed by the staff, who were perfectly professional and efficient, but as a result - not overly friendly. That aside, the service was excellent, if not with a smile.The room was a comfortable size, with full length ceiling to floor windows on one side, a wide screen tv with cable and plenty of storage as well as a lovely bathroom.We had a room on the 29th floor (I think) which had spectacular views overlooking the ground zero site. One of the first things we did was go and visit the site, an emotional experience, having wached those awful events live on the news all day when they unfolded.We were only in the city for a few days, over the New Year period, and found the hotel an excellent home from home after travelling around the city seeing the sights. Century 21 is right next door and full of great bargains, and as soon as you get used to the subway system, the city is very easy to navigate from here. We walked to Wall Street, and over to the Statton Island ferry port (were you get the ferry to go to the Statue of Liberty) as well. This was not a 5 minute walk, more like 20 - 30, but enjoyable, even in December.New Year's eve was a greatly anticipated event for us, and we chose to do it the traditional NY way and go to Time Sq. We had received advice to get there very early, and we thought 6pm would be early enough. Boy we were wrong. We finally made it into a pen about 10 blocks back from Time Sq, where we were unable to get out for food, drink or toilet breaks. We stood for 6 hours with little idea of what was happening in the centre, and by the time the ball dropped, we were ready to drop ourselves!The party atmosphere was a little jaded by this point, but we still cheered, hugged the poeple we'd met in the crowd, and then my husband proposed. This made it all a lot more bearable, of course! If I was to recommend a NY New Year to anyone, I would say they should book into a hotel off Time Sq, or book at a restaurant nearby, as this will make for a much more pleasant experience! If not, you probably need to arrive at about mid day to get a spot in the centre, which I'm sure would be worthwhile.All was made more wonderful when we returned to the hotel, hungry and cold to find that NY truly is the city that never sleeps. Through room service we were able to order a pizza from the parlour down the road. It was delivered to our room at about 1 am and must have been the best pizza I have ever eaten!All other meals we bought outside of the hotel, so I'm afraid this was our only experience of room service, which I must say was excellent.	
Aug 28 2007 	Good but not quite up to the price	We stayed here one night after a cross country flight, before sailing from NY the following day. The staff were all very competent and friendly and the property was nice looking and clean. The restaurant was fine, but not stellar. Our room was very small, much more like a London hotel room than a high priced NY property. Overall, perfectly fine, but for the cost we were expecting more.	
Aug 25 2007 	Great Hotel 	This was our first visit to New York. There are so many possibilities in that city but, in the end, we opted for the Millennium Hilton right at the southern tip of Manhattan Island - near to Wall Street and overlooking the former site of the World Trade Centre. This is a great location because 1] it has attractions on its door step, 2] it is quieter than the manic Midtown and 3] has great connections to anywhere else in the city using the Subway. We also walked much more than we thought from this base - to the financial district, Battery Park, Ground Zero, China Town and to South Street Seaport . A short taxi ride and we were in Greenwich Village. 5-10 minutes on the Subway and we could be at Grand Central Station or even Central Park. We had preconceptions about New York which were entirely shattered. We never felt unsafe during our 5 days there and we found the locals to be very hospitable, friendly and helpful. As for the Hilton, it was clean, modern and had a good atmosphere. We checked in to a corner room on the 42nd Floor overlooking Ground Zero (and onwards through the Financial District to Liberty Island) on one side and the Brooklyn Bridge on the other. It was beautiful to see the illuminated bridge at night with a full moon shining over it. In truth, we were concerned whether such a direct view of Ground Zero would be ideal for a family holiday with all those sad reminders of that terrible September day in 2001. However, we found it to be a plus. New Yorkers are very open about what happened on 9/11 which is inspiring as was the ability to see, at such close quarters, a new phoenix arising from the ashes. The staff in the hotel were excellent although we didn't use the facilities too much. There was a very comfortable bar near the lobby with a great atmosphere and we enjoyed the extensive buffet breakfast every morning. There was also an indoor pool which was okay but not exceptional. The rooms were fitted out well with a large plasma TV which our daughter thoroughly enjoyed. We will certainly return soon to both New York and the Millennium Hilton.	
Aug 24 2007 	Excelllent Downtown Hotel	Staying directly across the street from the World Trade Center site can be a bit sobering (and noisy certain times of the day since the Site is now an active construction zone) but the hotel's services and amenities make it a very pleasurable stay. You can get anywhere in NYC via the subway from this location with mid-town being only a 10 minute subway ride away. Taxi's are plentifull given it's downtown location. Good dining in Tribeca, Soho, and the Village is a 15 - 30 minute walk away or 5 minutes by taxi or subway. Battery Park and the Ferries to the Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island are just a 10 minute walk.	
Aug 18 2007 	Fantastic hotel in excellent location	When: Thurs Aug 9 – Mon Aug 13Price: Priceline $150/nt ($178/nt after taxes). Rack rate $202+taxThe Hotel:Fully renovated after 2001. The hotel was very new looking, very clean and the staff were excellent. Bed and pillows were the most comfortable I have ever slept on. Each room has a 42” plasma TV but I did not see any HD tv channels so you can’t really take advantage of it. There is a small bar fridge but you can’t use it because it is full of their items and if you move anything the electronic sensors will bill you. There was a ice container we would fill up to keep our leftover cheesecake good until the next day.Elevators were crazy fast, we were on the 50th floor and never had to wait longer than 20 seconds for an elevator and the full trip was under 30 seconds. Pool and fitness room were quite reasonable. Check in time is 3pm but we there is quite a rush at that time. We arrived at 11am and simply dropped off our luggage and pre-reserved a room (ask for one on the side away from Church St. for lovely views on the Brooklyn st bridge and to avoid the near 24 hr construction at the WTC site. Parking is super expensive at the hotel so we just dropped off our luggage and parked at a parking lot under the FDR drive by the Brooklyn Bridge (take Frankfort St toward South St) and you can’t miss it. $21/day taxes included for parking in a fully insured and monitored car lot.Location/Activities:The hotel is on Church street in SOHO Financial district right across from the big hole in the ground that was the world trade center. Metro entrances 2 min walk from the hotel but another 5-6 min underground to get to the line. ~15-20 min by metro to Times Square and other great areas. 10 min walk to the Staten Island ferry which is a faster and cheaper (free) to take a boat past the statue of Liberty. The financial district is much quieter at night than midtown but my wife and I never felt unsafe walking the streets to the hotel at midnight after a broadway show. There are cheap ways to eat in the area. Our favorite nearby was a 24hr buffet ($5.74/lb of food) at about Fulton St and William St. Also a nice bistro and grocery store at about Liberty St and William St. We brought our own cereal and bowls and simply bought a liter of milk from the pharmacy on Fulton just east of Broadway each morning on our way to the TKTS booth for a super cheap breakfast. The TKTS booth is at the corner of John St and Front St about 10 min walk from the hotel. This TKTS booth opens at 11am for that evenings and the next days matinees shows. Be aware that the tickets are pretty much all $60 for Broadway shows (they only really discount the most expensive seats) and they tend not to have the most popular shows (Hairspray, Rent, Legally Blond, Mary Poppins, ect.). Also note there are really no Broadway shows on Sunday nights. We did however see Chorus line, Curtains, Phantom of the Opera and The Drowsy Chaperone. The TKTS booth in Times square sells that days matinees and evening shows and tends to have a better selection but longer lines. It also opens later (2pm) so it wrecks your day more. Food before broadway shows can be had cheaply on Eighth ave between 44th – 45 th st (Subway, burger and pizza joints, ect) but I highly recommend “Juniors” on 45th St just west of Broadway. $10 sandwiches and burgers and the best cheesecake in the world ($6.50) – I recommend the devils foodcake or the chocolate mousse cheesecake. They have a takeout counter but if you want to sit down show up early.Over all:Excellent hotel. Worth the 4 stars and in a great location for those who don’t mind being a little further from the hustle and bustle of Midtown.	
Aug 17 2007 	Enjoyed Our Stay	We stayed for one night in mid-August 2007. We had a corner room suite on the 52nd floor (room 5201) facing New York Harbor to the south and the Brooklyn Bridge to the east. What a spectacular view! We had a clear view of the Statue of Liberty and the rebirth of ground zero. We arrived around 11am and were told that no rooms were available. Of course, this was not a problem since we were not promised an early check in; we just figured we'd try just in case something was available. So, we had our luggage held by concierge for free while we explored Manhattan. We forgot to take something out of our bags before leaving them and the Busboy that helped us retrieve the item was extremely nice and helpful. The front desk provided us with an umbrella since it was raining. When we returned later around 6pm we checked in very quickly and proceeded to our room. There are express elevators that serve only the 31st floor and up so we never had to wait very long. Our room was typical Hilton quality with newer furniture and as always an extremely comfortable bed. An ironing board and iron were in the closet along with a safe. There was a coffee maker in the room with complimentary coffee. A cash mini bar and snack drawer were also available. We also checked out the fitness room and found it to be fairly spacious; the swimming pool looked clean and well kept. The hotel is located next door to the blue-line subway station, and the orange lines are only a block away. We will certainly consider staying here again.	
Aug 15 2007 	Geat hotel but with a very rude welcome	We stayed here for our last two nights in New York which signalled the end of a trip around the world. We arrived at the hotel an hour before check-in was available and were informed that our room was not ready, fair enough. However, the bell-man who was called to take our luggage into storage just looked at us and pointed towards the corner and said &quot;Go and stand over there, GO!&quot; we were both shocked at his behaviour and he then said &quot;over there, NOW&quot;. We may only be 18 but we were paying customers and even if we had been someone’s children or something, it is no way to speak to customers in any hotel let along one which is 4*. After having a word with reception a half-hearted apology was given...oh well. Anyway, we went out and walked around for an hour before returning where we were greeted by a new man at the reception desk who was again rude, as I went to get my photo ID from my bag he just said &quot;come on, I need to see this ID now&quot;. Our bedroom was on the 8th floor and had a view of ground zero, the room was amazing. Very nicely furnished and the beds were the most comfortable I have ever slept in, without a doubt. The room was an excellent size by New York standards and had lots of features; the 42&quot; plasma TV was excellent. The bathroom was also a good size. On the first evening the turndown service attended to both the beds and provided glasses of water and mints, however on the second night only one bed was seen to and there was no water in the room which was a little annoying but easily solved. The swimming pool was very nice, with friendly staff and a nice relaxing atmosphere. We ate breakfast in the hotel restaurant where we received great service from the waiting staff and the food was very good, however I was a little shocked at how small the buffet was considering the number of guests in the hotel. The reception staff that we dealt with after check-in were all very pleasant and incredibly helpful, if only some of their colleagues could follow suit!When we checked out we booked a town car to take us to the airport, this was arranged quickly and easily by the concierge and our bags were taken to the car. We were also escorted with umbrellas due to the heavy rain at the time which was very nice.All-in-all we had an excellent stay at the Millennium Hilton and I would recommend it, however the bell staff and reception team were very rude on arrival. I get the feeling that this would not have been an issue had we been older than 18.	
Aug 13 2007 	Great!	My 2nd time at the Millenium. Both times I was allowed to check in early. Fast elevators. Quiet and clean room. Nice view. Fast check-in and -out. Great stay.	
Aug 10 2007	Loved The Hilton	great price, great hotel, great staff, great location away from the craziness that is times square. just wonderful	
Aug 7 2007 	Did not want to leave!	I did not want to leave the Millenium Hilton, as I felt right at home. Though I arrived several hours before check-in I was given a room right away with an absolutely breathtaking view on the 47th floor. I booked a special weekend rate through Travelzoo for $211/night. This is easily THE BEST hotel I've stayed in while in NYC and I've stayed in several hotels in the city. The staff was extremely kind and accommodating, especially the bellmen who had kind greetings for everyone walking through the door. I especially liked the turndown service they had every evening with chocolates, fresh bottled water and a bucket of ice.The only things I did not like about the Hotel Millenium was the room service food was incredibly expensive, but not good at all (I ordered the combination appetizer platter and the food tasted like it was microwaved and not freshly cooked). The mini bar prices are also ridiculous, similar to many high end hotels in the city. Finally, I think the hotel needs to have wireless internet for all customers. This is the first Hilton I've stayed at where wireless internet was NOT available in the room (only in public spaces), nor was the internet free for Hilton Honors members, though it was a relatively reasonable price of $5.95/24 hours (I've seen much worse).Overall, I would absolutely stay at this hotel again and I was sad to leave the breathtaking view of NYC at the end of my stay.	
Aug 7 2007 	Great Hotel!	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Hilton for two nights and have zero complaints about our stay. Staff were nothing but helpful, the hotel room was spacious &amp; clean. The bed is more than comfortable and the flat screen television is a nice touch. We had originally wanted to stay in midtown but quickly realized that downtown is only a subway ride away. (which is right next to the Hilton!) I will definitely stay at the Millenium Hilton again!	
Jul 29 2007 	great hotel!	A great hotel - easy access to public transportation and a decent location even though it's in the financial district. Our room was wonderful and the bed was very comfortable. The only con: expensive mini-bar and no vending machines in the building.	
Jul 29 2007 	The Millenium Hilton is just great	We stayed at the Millenium Hilton in July 2007. Booked a king size bed in a city view room through the Hilton website. Arrived at the hotel at 2:30pm and were given a room with king size bed on the 53rd floor. WOW! We had a view on ground zero (which didn't bother us at all) the world financial center and NJ across the Hudson river. Manuel at the checkin was most friendly. Although we were on a high floor, we never had to wait long for the elevators. We used the swimming pool 2 times and it was okay to cool down after a hot day in the city.Had the breakfast included in our rate, otherwise we would not have taken it at the hotel, as it is $20 pp. Breakfast is okay.We had internet connexion at our room for $ 5.95 per day, which was okay for me. Was happy to have a hotel downtown, which was a lot quieter than midtown. It took only 10 minutes by subway to times square. Be advised that subways are less frequent during the weekend. As many have mentioned, many subwy lines are within short walking distance from the hotel.Will definately stay at the millenium hilton during my next visit to this exciting city!	
Jul 27 2007	Nice Hotel	Overall it was a nice stay. I really only have one small complaint. I got a great deal on Priceline and would definitely stay again if I could get a good deal.Pros: Room was plenty big enough, air conditioner worked fine and offered range of temps, bed was comfortable and the curtains let the room get pretty dark. We had a high floor so noise wasn't really an issue. Elevators were fast and you never had to wait for more than a couple seconds for one to come. Plenty of cabs outside and subway right across the street. Bathroom was very big and roomy. Nice soft towels and lots of counter space. I didn't need internet access while I was there so I don't know how that service was but my cell phone reception was great throughout the hotel. I didn't use the fitness center - I ran on the streets while I was there and I ran alone and felt completely safe. I also didn't eat at the hotel so I can't comment on the food.Cons: Checkin was a little slow - they only had 2 people behind the desk and I'll never understand why hotels don't put up a queue line. Although there was an informal line of people waiting to check in, some rude guests were just walkin in and going right up to the counter in front of everyone who was waiting. THey really need to get their check in process straightened out! Other than this one little complaint, I would recommend this hotel to others.	
Jul 25 2007 	Exemplary Service at the Millenium Hilton!	My husband and I celebrated an anniversary in Manhattan and stayed for one night at the Millenium Hilton. We were delighted with our elegant, comfortable room on the 16th floor and the prompt, friendly service we received at the front desk. But the great quality of service at the hotel did not become fully apparent until after I returned home, only to realize that I had left my much-loved robe on the hook mounted on the backside of the bathroom door. I called the hotel security department the next morning and spoke with two courteous, efficient staff members--&quot;Manny&quot; and &quot;T&quot;-- who quickly located my robe and mailed it to my home. We definitely would stay again at the Millenium on our next trip to Manhattan.	
Jul 25 2007 	What a horrible place - matches the Hilton chain	This hotel has been by far one of my worst hotel experiences ever - rude staff, lazy staff, dirty room, etc. The list goes on and on.Hmmm... I had several billing issues with the front desk over charging me for items that I had not purchased and had nothing to do with. I was basically told that if I did not want to experience these problems then I should not have stayed at their property --- and this was by the front desk manager. How horrible!Be very careful with this property....	
Jul 23 2007 	A different perspective	Had I just dropped into this hotel without having seen the nearby competition, I'm sure the review would be move favorable. However, for the dollars, there is a SUBSTANTIALLY better alternative just two blocks away. We stayed just one night (having been unsuccessful in extending our stay at the Embassy Suites due to a triathlon). We found the room to be clean, comfortable, and the view almost incomparable. The front desk personnel were professional and pleasant, although seemingly somewhat detached. We had a room on the 48th floor facing the WTC site. It was quite small, with scant extra room for anything other than the bed, desk and chairs. We ultimately ended up putting some of our luggage on the air-conditioner in front of the window. This hotel does NOT offer complimentary internet access to it's Diamond members, does NOT have a complimentary breakfast or happy hour, and certainly does not have an all-suite layout. Compared to the Embassy Suites (which, coincidentally was $18 less per night) there is no way this property could earn the highest marks. Perhaps most alarmingly, we received a call in our room (although we were out and it was on voicemail) in which we were requested BY NAME to return a call to someone's NYC cell phone number. This was shocking since we knew NO ONE in NYC, and furthermore, we had told no one that we were moving to the Millenium. When we called the number, we were told that the call had been a &quot;mistake&quot;. There are some positives: The subway station is literally right outside the door, and the views are phenomenal. Overall, I would return ONLY if my hotel of choice were unavailable.	
Jul 23 2007	Good stay at Millenium Hilton	I stayed at this hotel with my wife and 17 month old daughter from July 20-22. The hotel rooms have clearly been renovated recently and they've added some nice touches. The bed was very comfortable and the large flat screen t.v is built into the wall. The bathroom was nicely renovated and decorated as well. We had a room on the 20th floor over looking the World Trade Center site. Although, it is not the most pleasant of memories, I the view was a good reminder of all that happened that day. I booked the hotel through priceline and got a great rate and a great room. I even requested to be moved initially because the original room they gave me was too close to the elevators. I was moved without a problem. The front desk staff were courteous and helpful. The location of the hotel is perfect is you're looking to be in the SOHO/Financial district and close to the Hudson River. It's only about a 10 minute walk to the river. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Jul 19 2007 	Loved it	We used priceline and were a little worried about getting stuck with a bad room, but they gave us a great room on a high floor. The front desk staff was very friendly (from my experience, this is usually not the case at hotels in new york city). If you are lucky Oscar will help, he was especially nice and left a great impression of both the hotel and the city on me and my new wife.	
Jul 16 2007 	Nice hotel if you can take the view	Very nice hotel, clean, large rooms for New York, great beds, if you can stand the depressing view of the World Trade Center site. Mysterious construction goes on at all times making for some noise, but really not too bad. Good location for financial district or Tribeca, would stay in again if I needed to (just wouldn't look out the window!).	
Jul 15 2007 	Sleek Rooms Clean and Comfortable	Really enjoyed our stay. We had a corner room with an absolutely magnificent view. The room was completely new with a large flat screen TV that the children loved. Everything was clean. The service at the front desk was great.This hotel overlooks the new construction site where the twin towers once stood. We were glad to have a room facing away from the site and our view of the NY skyline was superb. Enjoy.	
Jul 14 2007 	Interesting!	We had three days in NY and wanted somewhere quieter than mid town, so booked this after reading reviews. We booked a corner suite on the 27th floor overlooking the WTC. We did not want higher (i don't like heights) and took a gamble on the views. They were great! The suite was lovely, clean, great bed, and free bathrobes as Hilton points people. Excellent shower too. Son, 13 had bed in suite so that was good too. The reception staff not that welcoming on arrival, friendly on departure. The doorman was excellent and the bar friendly. Would not really recommend the restaurant - we were tired so tried it first lunch, but there is far far better locally. Was a tad disappointed too with lack lustre service and ok breakfast - I contrasted it with the cheery waiters in Chicago in April! So, we only had breakfast in as it was part of the package (good value) but otherwise eat out! Taxis were plentiful and we indulged tho there are plenty of tubes too. It is noisy first thing, true with the construction, but then the air con is really loud and why are you lying in in NY? The views made up for it. Worst thing was room service, who took three times to get the order right, and told us the barman did not know how to make a White Lady. Is this a really unusual cocktail? The pool , which was one of the reasons we booked, was lovely and had views!So, on balance a good stay at a good price but they could do even better.	
Jul 13 2007 	great breakfast	JUNE 8TH...I stayed in this in this hotel for 1 night for a 3 week visit to the USA..... The hotel is in a great location lots to do in the area the rooms are a good size for NYC we had breakfast included in room price and have to say it was wonderful I would stay here again...	
Jul 9 2007	Excellent But Be Cautious!	I have stayed here a number of time, only because Priceline.comhas given me the opportunity at a low rate.The hotel is sleek, modern, and high rise; as a result of beingrebuilt after 9/11. It is directly across the street from the construction site for the rebuilding of the 9/11 complex.Thus, it can be noisy and the main entrance, Church Street, isoften closed.Consequently, the price is low because of these inconveniences,but you can reap the benefits of a beautiful hotel by requestinga high floor facing the Brooklyn Bridge and the east side oflower Manhattan. I have stayed in many hotels in NYC and thiswould be my first choice if view is important.I have stayed on the 9/11 side of the hotel at a high floor andgenerally you can avoid the noise while enjoying a truly marvelous view of the Hudson River, New Jersey, 9/11 site, and the Statue of Liberty.If you want to stay in lower Manhattan, stay here. You can walk toSouth Street seaport, Wall Street, Battery Park, City Hall, theBrooklyn Bridge, etc.Just remember to be smart and request a room on a high floor.Staff are accommodating and the amenities are first class.Once the new World Trade Center site has been completed, the prices at this hotel will skyrocket !	
Jul 4 2007 	Lovely Hotel!	Although I am late in writing this review, I thought I had to get something on here as I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at this hotel.. The location for my partner and myself was great, we were not in hustle a bustle with all the noise that comes with it, but only a stones throw from the subway so we could be there within minutes if we wanted to. Tribeca has some nice places to eat particularly the Tribeca bar and grill, which I would recommend although we were very jetlagged, so did not enjoy the food as much as we could have done, as we were so tired. The stage door over the road is a great place for a cheap breakfast. We did not eat in the hotel, as we were always out and about. Whilst in New York my partner proposed to me so as a celebration we managed to get a table at the nearby restaurant Nobu which was my most favourite place to eat whilst in New York….if you can get a table do go although more pricey than other restaurants it was delicious! We managed to squeeze in all of the usual touristy things to do whilst stopping five nights in New York my favourite things being the Sex and the City tour…a must if you are a fan we also loved wandering round Greenwich village, it was such a lovely place to visit with great shops and the views from the TOTR were brilliant. Our one disappointment was the Helicopter ride as this was bought at a Christmas present off my mam…it was a complete rip off we were not even in the sky anymore than five mins and we had paid for the 9 minute ride, there was also no commentary. The rooms at the hotel were well presented and cleaned daily with nice toiletries in the bathroom and an excellent power shower. The beds were so comfortable, which is just what you need after a long day walking round the city. The staff at the hotel were very friendly and helpful particularly when asking for advice and directions and were not always hanging around for tips.Overall a great hotel that I would recommend!	
Jul 4 2007 	A pretty nice hotel	Generally when visiting NYC we use points to stay at the Waldorf-Astria, but since they've changed to seasonal rewards and the Millenium Hilton had really reasonable weekend rates we thought we'd give it a whirl. We were upgraded to a corner suite (Diamond status), were issued breakfast coupons on checkin (the breakfast here is 10x better than the Waldorf's) and there are several subway lines there that makes it very easy to go through the city - and oh yea, there aren't 101 tourist walking all around like times square (but the tourist aren't too bad by the Waldorf either). The hotel is much nicer than I thought and pretty up-to-date including large flat-panel TV's (but I hope you didn't come to NYC to watch the tele) - I think it was fully refurbished after Sept 11. The elevators to the high-floors are super-fast. This is a compounding effect. Because the elevators are so fast you get to your room quicker, which means it can make more &quot;runs&quot; therefore less people per elevator ride, which means less stops on your way to your room, which means you get to your room even quicker. We're independent travelers, so don't use services from the hotel staff much, but we experiences some wonderfully positive and knowledgeable people, and some staff that we're so keen either of those qualities. The only other would be that there is no free wireless in the lobby and no wireless (paid or otherwise) in the room - they do have a LAN line. ...next time we stay in NYC, we might just stay here again...	
Jul 3 2007 	Nice if you request the right rooms!	Our room faced the old World Trade Center site, and boy, was it noisy from construction. Even with ear plugs, my husband and I had trouble sleeping. We learned that the noise bounces up, so it doesn't matter how high you are, you'll still hear it. After two nights, we requested a room facing the opposite direction, and what a difference that made! The new room was quiet and had a beautiful view. The staff aims to please, and the rooms are well appointed. Everything seems brand new and spotless. I would stay there again, but be sure to ask for a room facing away from the WTC.	
Jun 28 2007 	Millenium Hotel	After reading the other reviews of this hotel I was looking forward to staying there but I ended up being disappointed.On arrival at the hotel It took 3 bell hops to get our cases to our room 1 to get them out of the taxi, another to put them on a trolley and the third to get them up to the room. We really don't mind tipping but this we found that this was rather excessive even for New York standards. On arrival at reception the staff were more concerned about chatting to on another than checking us in. Throughout our stay not one of the reception staff greeted us with a smile and it really felt as if they had a could not care attitude .(Perhaps it was because we were english..)The room was clean and tidy and the bedlinens were rather lovely but some of the towels were stained so we were very particular over the ones which we used.On leaving .My husband had to ask them to take off a movie we had been charged for . We could barely get the Tv doofer to work ( batteries we thought) let alone manage to navigate the system for a pay as you go movie. Trying to get hold of a bell hop for help with the suitcases was a complete waste of time after calling both the bell hops and the concerge numbers alternatively for over 20 minutes I ended up struggling down in the lift with 3 suitcases and 2 bags by myself. I was told that I should have rung reception because they had changed their numbers...!!!! duh as if I would have known that one...!!!On the whole the hotel was ok but they need to sort out the staffing issues.One last thing, If you don't like having street vendors hanging around outside the hotel then this isn't the hotel for you.Each day at least 5 street vendors were pitched up outside the hotel on what appeared to be hotel frontage, selling immitation handbags, purses watches etc.The best thing about it was Kevin from room service who provided me with honey and lemon for a cold. and it's closeness to Century 21 , the seaport and the village.	
Jun 26 2007 	Loved it!!	We stayed here in May and absolutely loved it!! It's kinda crazy though because if the wind is blowing really hard the hotel sways a little because it is so thin!! People there were very nice except the concierge at one point because we asked about great shoe stores and we were led on a scary adventure!! Anyways I love the city and you can just hop on the subway right smack into Times Square! Can't beat it!	
Jun 25 2007 	Brilliant!!!	This hotel was great it is well worth the five stars it was given.We stayed on the 44th floor with fantastic views over the city and grandcentral. The food was great but the staff wern't all that polite. the rooms were fabulous all rooms had large screen tv's. The shoppingis great macy's is a must do.	
Jun 24 2007 	Love Loe Love Wow Awesome Hotel	We loved the hotel, it was great! We put in for $150 on priceline, and with fees and taxes came to $188. The Valet is expensive ($50.00) but if you go around the corner is another parking garage, charging (7.00) The other thing is that when you get to the room ask to have your room upgraded at no additional charge if possible, in the end we got an suite! The hotel rocks, such a fresh modern look, thats cool and comfy while high class. Also check out Century 21 located next door, our favorite place to shop in nyc for low designer clothes!!!	
Jun 18 2007 	Great hotel	My wife and I used our HHonors points to book a room here one night before a friend's wedding in NJ. I'm a HH Gold member, but even with the free room, I was upgraded to their corner king (junior suite) on a high floor. The room was large and well outfitted with a separate small living room. Our view was of Ground Zero (see photo), which always puts things in perspective. We had a nice big flat TV, but with no HD programming and so much to do in NYC, we didn't watch it.Our room came with breakfast certificates for the restaurant which had a nice buffet. All the staff we interacted with were very pleasant and helpful. The PATH station is directly across the street and the doorman recommended we go there for our trip to NJ instead of a cab. He was right.My one small complaint is about the gym which had several aerobic machines but not much in terms of weights.If you need to be in other parts of Manhattan, the north south subway lines are within walking distance. It's not in the heart of 42nd St action, but it's a great hotel.	
Jun 16 2007 	Excellent Hotel Excellent Value for Money	I booked this hotel becuase of the good reviews and as I am a virgin frequent flyer I was sent a Hilton Gold card free so we tried this hotel after our favourite hotel in New York closed (Swissotel - The Drake). The check in was superb and we were offered vouchers for a free breakfast every morning which saved us over £130 just for producing the card.We stayed in a very large, immaculately clean room on the 55th floor overlooking the World Trade Centre. I cannot think of anything which could have been improved upon during our stay!The only thing we did find is that the area around the hotel is very quiet at night, we missed the buzz of midtown when we went out at night.	
Jun 6 2007 	Nice Hotel	Location:Some of the previous comments mentioned that the location of this hotel is deserted at night. I had some hesitations when making the reservation. I searched and wanted to change to another hotel almost up to my arrival date due to those comments. Luckily, I didn’t. I actually liked the location as many of the subway line end up at this location. I can see that some people might not like this part of town at night as it is not hopping as other places such as Times Square.Night time was indeed less crowded than during the day time. At night, I would still see people around. Furthermore, this place is not so far from China Town and Little Italy and at night, there are lots of people in the area to eat etc. I actually liked this location lots as I have an affinity for Asian food. In addition, Century 21, an outlet shop is right next door. Hotel:Initially, I requested room with a king sized bed. They honored my request. When I got up to the room, it was a bit small. I came down and asked for an upgrade. They told me that there was no upgrade available. They gave me a corner room with a queen sized bed instead, which was way more spacious. Ask for a corner room, if you can. I did not find too many negatives to write about. The one thing that sort of irked me a bit was the hot water; it took about a minute to have hot water in the shower. The bathroom amenities were what one would expect at a hotel of this category. Toiletries were of Crabtree and Evelyn. Plenty of towels in the bathroom. There were no slippers or bathrobes, something I never really use. The bed, pillows, and sheets were all good. More importantly, there were all white. No motel styled/ flower sheets. There was a nice and big flat screen with cable channels. There was no Wifi in the room. High speed internet can be had for $5.95 a day, which I think was not too bad. I have seen high speed internet rate at $ 15/day. However, there was free Wifi in the lobby. There were ice bucket and wine glasses in the room . There was also a mini bar, which I did not use. Everything was clean and worked well. The pool was really nice. I used it everyday during my stay. I (we) stayed there for 3 nights.Service:Checking in and checking out were a breeze. They were all very efficient and gracious. Housing keeping was efficient. There was downtown service as well. Recommendation: I definitely recommend this hotel to my friends. I would stay here again in the future. I find that for the price of $260/night (including tax) I paid for, it offered a really good value. The same hotel category in Midtown probably will cost twice as much, if not more. I booked my through Hilton website. I remember that some other previous post mentioned that it costs lots. I think I lucked out by booking early.	
Jun 3 2007 	Great Hotel!	This was my first visit to New York city to attend a wedding and I spent weeks researching online and agonizing where to stay as I read all sorts of horror stories about bad hotel experiences in NY City. Because I noted that the Millenium Hilton got consistently high ratings from most guests I decided to take the advice of the TripAdvisor Members and book my Memorial Weekend stay there even though it's location was quite far from where the rehearsal dinner and wedding were to take place. I am glad that I did!! The hotel and rooms are as gorgeous as the pictures in Trip Advisor and Travelocity! The location one of the quietest spots in NY. Hardly any traffic noise could be heard from my room. I don't know if it being Memorial Day weekend had anything to do with the low noise as there were workmen at the ground zero site and plenty of people in the streets but at any rate, the low noise level worked out fine for me.The hotel decor was modern and the entire facility looked very well kept. The carpeting was plush and all the brass and glass surfaces sparkled. The hotel also has its own garage for guest parking . My room was a little bit bigger in size than my home's master bedroom which I understand from some of the reviews I've read here is big by NY standards. It boasted a very large (Queen I think) and extremely comfortable bed with lots and lots of fluffy pillows and a long &quot;sausage&quot; pillow which is perfect for folks that like to wrap themselves around a pillow for support. The room and carpet were clean. There was also a large flat screenss stereo tv that was equipped with both a wireless keyboard (for internet surfing) and game controls for playing video games. The tv system would also allow the viewing and purchase of movies but I don't know the prices because I did not choose to use any of those features but I'm sure that you could run up quite a bill. There was a well stocked mini bar with beer, soda and snacks but because they're notoriously expensive I didn't dare consume any of them. There was also a dresser with two empty drawers for storing your stuff. There were two telephones. One in the bathroom and a cordless two line model next to the bed. There were two separate reading lamps on each side of the bed and a very simple to use alarm/clock radio with your choice of sounds to wake up to. There was also a writing desk that was equipped with two jacks for internet access for laptop computers. One jack was for a regular phone line modem and the second one was for DSL access. Next to the desk was a table that held an ice bucket, a wine bottle opener and glasses and an coffeemaker with cups and coffee supplies. There were also two comfy chairs, an ottoman a small table and new issues of two NY entertainment guide magazines. Next to the bed inside the night stand's drawer was a free paperback copy of Conrad HIlton's autobiography which I'm still reading. The room had it's own climate control for the a/c heat system and it worked flawlessly at keeping the room at the temperature that I set it to. There are no keys for the doors of the suites, instead you get a credit sized electronic &quot;key&quot; that unlocks the door for you. In my &quot;standard&quot; room there was also a full length mirror and plenty of lighting and seating. Two features of my room impressed me. The well appointed closet and bathroom.The well appointed closet held, a folding suitcase stand, a large umbrella with the Hilton logo and around 4 or 10 thick wooden hangers. A couple had clips for holding skirts, a couple had trouser bars and two were thickly padded ones of the type for holding evening dresses. There was also an iron and ironing board in the closet and on the top shelf your very own electronically controlled combination safe for your valuables. The bathroom was very well lit. It had a very large mirror and an illuminated magnifying makeup mirror that swiveled. There was also a hair dryer. The faux marble counter ran the entire length of the bathroom so you had lots of room for your toiletries. It also included a nicely appointed bathroom set which included facial tissue, drinking glasses and Crabtree &amp; Evelyn toiletries (mouthwash, shampoo, hair conditioner, a shower cap, bubble bath and body lotion and bar soap) and lots and lots of fluffy towels. The shower/ tub had a swiveling shower head that you could adjust to deliver either a full stream of water or a pulsating shower massage. The water was plentiful as either ice cold or scalding hot and the water pressure was just fine. The toilet was one of the quietest flushing models I've ever heard and worked flawlessly. From my window I had a great view of ground zero and the window curtains could be adjusted to let in either a lot of light or shut it out completely. I was on the 17th floor and could hardly hear any of the traffic below. The downtown location is excellent. Hilton provided in each room a folded pocket sized map of NY city with indicators for different businesses in the immediate area as well as the locations and routes of the subway system. This little jewel of a map was my lifeline and guide during my entire stay in NYC. Meals in the hotel (like in any hotel) are expensive ($22.00 for breakfast) but there are lots of inexpensive diners in the area. Right in the next block was the &quot;Stage Door Deli&quot; (open 7 days) where I got one of the biggest and best breakfasts I've ever had (2 scrambled eggs, bacon, potatoes, toast and coffee) for only $7.00 and their sandwiches are excellent! There are also the ever present hot dog carts on almost every corner where you can get really delicious hot dogs, shishkebabs or pretzels for a very reasonable price.Next to the hotel is a large discount dept store (21st Century) so if you forgot to pack something like a shirt or tie or socks or shoes you could shop there for designer brands at discount prices. The subway was less than a 1/2 block away and easy to navigate. A one way fare is only $2.00 but you can buy a &quot;fun pass&quot; for $7.00 which gives you unlimited rides all day.However, if you choose to take a taxi to where the action is (Central Park area) I found that it will set you back around $22.00 plus tip because remember, the Millenium is waaaayyyyy downtown in the financial district. A taxi ride to the airports - I was told- can cost you as much as $55.00 plus tolls, plus tax plus tip so I chose to ride in and out of Newark Airport on the super shuttle van service which costs only $17.00 plus tax and tip. BTW you can make reservations with Super Shuttle airport van service by toll free phone or online. Their only drawback is that because the shuttle goes around picking up passengers in other hotels besides you they will require that you be ready to check out quite a few hours before your flight. For example, my flight departed at 11:00 am but their pickup time for me by the shuttle was 7:30 But, it was a reasonable trade off for the savings. And their service was really, really good. They even telephoned a &quot;reminder&quot; of my reservation to my cellphone and their cancellation policy is reasonable if your travel plans change.The Millenium Hilton hotel lobby is very nicely decorated in modern style and had a small but well appointed gift shop. They looked as good as in the pictures shown on line.The lobby also had a bar at the other end but I didn't patronize it so I can't critique it. The hotel also had a gym, a restaurant and I think that it also had a pool but I didn't check them out. Overnight shoe shine service was also available.One lobby feature that I liked was a touch screen kiosk where you could punch in your flight information and a printed boarding pass would pop out for your convenience. On the back end of the block from the hotel were a Dunkin Donuts, several small diners and a big CVS pharmacy. Around two blocks down from the hotel was a Barney's Men's clothing store (another NY institution). Chinatown and Little Italy neighborhoods were a brisk walking distance away and in those areas I encountered loud traffic and massive flocks of people spilling from the sidewalks walking cheek &amp; jowl making me glad that I didn't pick a hotel in those areas! I wanted quiet and I got it at the Millenium.A short walk to the other side of ground zero across from the hotel and you were walking by the bay and I could see the statue of Liberty at a distance. Water taxi and sightseeing services are available in the area. I read a lot of horror stories about NY hotels trying to stick its guests with padded bills for minibar snacks that were not consumed or treating a customer poorly because they booked their room thru a discount service like travelocity but that didn't happen to me at the Millenium. When I telephoned ahead from my room to advise the front desk that I was checking out a very nice lady at the the other end told me that I had incurred no additional charges and that the prepaid travelocity bill had covered everything in my stay. All I had to do at checkout was to drop off my electronic room key at the front desk and just and walk out the door (didn't even had to sign anything) to my waiting ride never encountering any pushy doormen or bellboys. They were all very pleasant, courteous and helpful. The concierges Justin and Mark bent over backwards in giving me directions to my travel and shopping destinations and the bellhops and front desk personnel were just as attentive, pleasant and polite.There are other Hilton hotels in NY and I can't honestly say that all of them treat their guests the same way or have the same amenities but I did enjoy my stay in the big apple at the Millenium Hilton and I definitely recommend them and I would stay there again on my next visit to NYC. 5 stars!!!	
Jun 1 2007 	Great hotel	Stayed at this locale over Memorial Weekend. Very helpful staff. Was a litte concerned about the location, but found it to be ok. Right next to a subway stop, which is great. Room was 1 king bed w/ a 40+inch flat screen, which was a nice touch. Room was well decorated and decent size. Would definitely stay there again.	
May 16 2007 	Faultless	I had a fantastic short break in New York at stayed at the Millenium Hilton, while it was quite expensive, you definately get your money's worth. We had a junior suite which was immaculate, the maid service was excellent.I found the staff to be very helpful and polite and nothing appeared to be too much trouble for them. The pool and sauna were lovely, although the water was very cold! The restaurant was lovely, although I struggled to find something I wanted on the menu, ended up with a salad which was very nice.Location was excellent, the subway was right nearby and taxis from Times Square (for when we were feeling lazy in the evening) were reasonably cheap.It was a great base to explore New York from and I totally enjoyed my stay there. I'd definately recommend it.	
May 12 2007 	Favorite NYC Hotel	This is my favorite hotel in New York City. While it can be pricey, and it is out of the hustle and bustle of midtown Manhattan (it is on the southern tip of the island across from the WTC), if is one of the nicest properties in Manhattan. The staff is professional, and while they run the check in process like an assembly line, they get it right and get you moving quick. The rooms have always been clean when I have stayed here, the flat screen tvs are nice, but the hotel doesn't have hi def tv service so the picture isn't the best. The internet is 4.95 a night and wired only, and the room service is actually inexpensive for New York City. The pool area is clean, although the water is usually cold. There has always been plenty of hot water, and good water pressure. The Evelyn and Crabtree toiletries are nice, and there are always plenty of towels. The subway (E Train) is right across the street and two stops away from 42nd street. For someone like me its nice to go to this hotel after a day uptown with all the tourists as after 6:00 the financial district is basically deserted. I highly recommend this property.	
May 4 2007	Fantastic	We stayed at the Millenium Hilton for a long weekend last April for my birthday.The hotel is as you would expect from Hilton - an excellent standard of cleanliness and great service. I particularly liked the 42&quot; plasma tv on the wall and the floor to ceiling windows which overlooked the World Trade Center site.Our room was on the 43rd floor, and at first I didn't enjoy the lift rides up and down and didn't think I could settle knowing we were so high from the ground but you soon get used to it!The drinks from the mini bar were so expensive we kept well clear but if you did touch anything, it would automatically charge to your room.We didn't use the pool or gym as we ran out of time but we had a look around and it looked fantastic.With regard to the location of this hotel, it is right in the heart of the financial district, overlooking the World Trade Center, and with subway stops nearby, it is so easy to get to anywhere in midtown.I would definitely recommend this hotel, particularly as it is the place I got engaged!!	
Apr 30 2007 	Beautiful Room and View	I tried Priceline for the first time as we were going to the city for my birthday and wanted to stay somewhere for one night. I won a room here (4 star downtown in Priceline terms) for 200.00 per night. I used to work 2 blocks away so never really thought of staying here for a night out since it wouldnt seem like a &quot;get away&quot; necessarily but we were pleasantly surprised by our experience. The front desk was very friendly and our check in and out experience couldnt have been faster. We had a room on the 35th floor that overlooked the WTC site and the Hudson. The beds was incredibly comfortable, the tv was large and new with a good selection of channels and the bathroom was large and very clean.I do have two small negatives that I would point out. The first is that we were at the end of the hallway and there are three doors at the end of the hallway plus the staff work room so it was quite noisy with people coming and going. I could hear the noise from the hall a lot while inside the room so I ended up putting a towel under the door to try to muffle outside noise a bit.The second negative is that the mini bar refrigerator has sensors in it and so if you even move something to fit in your leftovers (as we did) they know and you will be charged for it. Luckily I saw the note that tells you this and so called to remove the charges from the bill before we left. However, if i hadnt, i would have been charged for two drinks (over 15 dollars) that we didnt take. I understand the technology makes it easy for them but future occupants should be aware of this.A note to those considering this hotel: there is very little &quot;late night&quot; activity in the area. We were going to the film festival which ended after midnight and had to cab north to find somewhere to go after the movie had ended. That said, my husband continues to rave about the hotel and called it an A+ several times during the weekend. It is a lovely and comfortable hotel.	
Apr 29 2007 	Loved the Millenium!	I got a wonderful deal on the Millenium Hilton through Priceline. I only had 30 hours in the city and I'm so glad I stayed here. The concierge staff was wonderful and very helpful. The front desk, bell and doormen staff were all very friendly as well. The rooms were clean, stylish and stocked with all the right amenities, including a very cool plasma TV. Stayed on the 22nd floor with a birds-eye view of Ground Zero. The hotel is right across from the PATH station and right near the subway which was very convenient. Its location right off Broadway was also convenient for walking to where I needed to go.I'm heading back again next month and will definitely be staying hereagain.	
Apr 25 2007 	Fabulous Stay	I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights the end of March and beginning of April for vacation in the city I love. I work in the industry and am very familiar with the ins and outs of hotels, and I found nothing lacking here. It's a beautiful hotel in a great downtown location. The rooms are well equipped, nicely furnished and spacious.  The bathrooms are also very nice room enough for two while using the sink vanity area. There are also safes in the room to keep your items in should you need it. But the best are the beds, the new line the Hiltons are using by Serta i swear are the nicest i have ever slept on. Convenient walking to the South Street Seaport, Chinatown, Little Italy, but you don't have the traffic at night like staying in Midtown or the Times Square area. The Subway is pretty accessible as well, depends on the line and the construction that is going on right now like another person said, read the signs they have posted! We were able to check in early as our flight arrived early afternoon and stored our luggage at the end of our stay until we were ready to go to the airport. Staff was very kind and helpful as well, dont be afraid to ask for help. And to top it off the views are wonderful, i have stayed in midtown and looked at the direct side of another high rise, so comming in to our room and looking directly at the river and ground zero was awesome. Like I said it was a fabulous stay!	
Apr 25 2007 	Lovin the Millenium Hilton!	Just back from a 4 day trip to New York City. From start to finish we had a ball. Flew out of Edinburgh on Friday morning so arrived lunchtime on Friday, just dropped off our cases and went shopping.Hotel was lovely, we stayed in a suite on 54th floor. Room was huge, very clean, loads of towels replaced daily and nice and clean.Never tried any of the restaurants in the hotel but the reception staff and the concierges were all very helpful. Starbucks is right around the corner and we had breakfast there daily which filled us up for the day almost. It's quite a walk to the shops but worth walking either up or back so see what you can't see from a taxi. Century 21 shop is right next door to the hotel and was cheap as chips! Estee Lauder, Chanel, Origins - they sell it all. Clothes and shoes also good bargains.We went to Woodbury Common outlet on Sunday - just jumped in a taxi and the taxi driver waited for us while we shopped and it meant we didn't have to carry our bags with us just dropped and shopped!Would definately recommend the Hilton - although its downtown its in a prime location for Path Station and we got the train to and from the airport which meant no trawling through traffic at the busy times.We'll definately go back there!!!!	
Apr 24 2007 	Shame on you front desk staff!	Obviously this hotel have a problem with the front desk staff, me and my family stayed here for one night the 21 April and we where really disappointed how the front desk staff treated us and the other guys who tried to check in. But if we forget that little problem then we must say that this hotel is still one of the best we have stayed at in the US. The rooms are really clean and comfortable and we liked that we had a corner room with a great view. We like that it’s possible to open a small window to hear all the sounds that New York have to offer. We stayed here last year and then we also had a really great stay.Take the train from Newark airport to WTC instead of using the really expensive and crazy driving taxi cars and save 50$ one way, there are service personnel at the ticketing machines at the airport who can help you to get the right tickets.	
Apr 21 2007 	An outstanding experience!	I stay at the Millenium Hilton for 3 nights (paying with the Hilton Honors Rewards plan). I got a huge corner room on the 49th floor, well equiped with a large TV (flat screen) &amp; offering a level of confort that was above my expectations. Not saying the stunning view I had on the Brooklyn / Manhanttan Bridges and ground Zero.Breakfast was included in the reward (but would not have paid the extra 20 USD it costs). You have a Starbucks Coffee on the corner of the street/ opposite to Century 21. Outstanding service, staff always paid a lot of attention to my requests... I liked the location as well. Much less crowded than in Middtown/ Times Square. Very convenient as well for those who wish to have an easy access to SOHO, West/East Village. Be aware that Line E is sometimes not operating from the WTC subway station during the weekend due to reconstruction work. However, lot of alternatives remains available. Thumbs up for the Millenium Hilton Hotel that I would recommend to everyone!	
Apr 9 2007 	Great hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Millenium Hilton for 3 nights. We thought it was a great place. Staff was very friendly. The rooms were very clean and new. Our bed was exceptionally comfortable. We had a 38th floor view directly down on the World Trade Center site. This was quite sobering, but also gave us the opportunity to appreciate the magnitiude more than looking at it from ground level. As others have said, this is definitely a quieter part of the city. If you are looking for lots of action around you, this is not the part of town to stay in. However, there are several close subway stops and we found that almost any part of town could be reached within a 15 minute subway ride. We definitely would recommend the Millenium Hotel to anyone looking for top-notch accomodations in NYC.	
Apr 9 2007 	Good Business Hotel	Stayed there last week on business. The room had everything one would expect plus a large flat screen television.Room overlooked Ground Zero....I think most do. If you are interested in exercise you are close to Battery Park and the exercise path near the west side highway. I got 4 or 5 miles of jogging in without feeling stressed about dodging traffic.Lower Manhattan is still not &quot;right&quot; and certainly lacks the evening options of midtown. But if you must stay in the area this hotel works.	
Apr 8 2007 	Great room	My husband and I wanted to stay in a new part of town - we searched travelocity and saw that this hotel was cheaper than the ones in times square. Seemed to have good ratings on tripadvisor, so decided to book.W had trouble finding the hotel - our map didn't show the closed streets. We arrived a little after noon. I noticed that the hotel was crazy busy - we had to find someone at valet to leave our car with, they didn't come to us. Walked into the hotel, seemed very disorganized, very busy. I was suprised how busy the hotel was on Easter weekend. Font desk would not let us check in early, so we checked our luggage and went on our way. Got back later that evening, checked in with no problems. Room was outstanding! Very comfy bed, loved the Crabtree bath products! Was very clean and comfortable.We walked to Chinatown, which was very close - so much fun! We ate at &quot;Oriental Garden&quot;, it was wonderful! I would definetly recommend to friends and family if they wanted to stay in lower manhattan.	
Apr 6 2007	Turned my wife away with hotels.com reservation	The hotel front desk turned my wife away although she had a valid and paid hotels.com reservation. I have never had a problem with hotels.com before. Nice work, Hilton. : (	
Apr 5 2007 	Great hotel great area.	I stayed at this hotel from Mar 31 - April 4th 2007. The hotel is of excellent quality. The lobby is gorgeous and the rooms are even nicer. The bathroom is roomy and comes equipped with Crabtree and Evelyn toiletries. The room I stayed in had 2 beds, as my party had 4 people. The beds are a bit too small for 2 people to sleep in, so we added a roll-away bed to give us more space. Requesting 2 rollaways was of no success, as they said it is a fire hazard. Understandable. The extra bed was 25 dollars a nite, but we were not charged due to my mother being a Hilton employee (at another Hilton). The room had internet access at 5 dollars a day. I did not find that unreasonable, at all, as the internet helped us get directions for where we were going each day. We had a view of ground zero out our window on the 29th floor. The first evening we were there we ate at the hotel restaurant, Church &amp; Dey. The food was good, but expensive. I would not eat there again, but like I said - the food was good. The area the hotel is in is a quiet one - the financial district. It was nice to return to a quiet area after a long day of crowds.	
Apr 2 2007	An oasis in NY	Stayed at this hotel for a long weekend sightseeing in New York.Firstly, it is downtown, near Wall Street and overlooks Ground Zero. It is away from the buzz of midtown which I liked. There is a subway stop directly outside the hotel main entrance which takes about 10 mins to get to Times Square.It is a skyscraper so rooms on the upper floors have fantastic views. Rooms are what I'd expect of a Hilton, clean, fairly spacious and modern with a massive flatscreen, not that I watched much TV. I didn't eat at the hotel other than one night I ordered room service which was prompt but expensive. I ate breakfast at the Panini deli just round the corner, try the pancakes!I would definitely stay here again as after a busy day uptown it was nice to come back to a quietish area.	
Mar 26 2007 	Millenium Hilton - Great rooms! Great views! Grumpy Front desk people	I've been flying to New York for business every few weeks. I'm trying to hit several different hotels in different areas I need to be in. This time I had several meetings in the Financial District so I booked this hotel. I knew the view would be great but maybe a little strange since the World Trade Center is no longer in front of it. You see, this hotel is located right behind where the World Trade Center used to be. I fly from Buenos Aires so it's a LONG 10+ hour flight. Even flying in Business Class to JFK is no comfort and after a long flight I like to go right to the room. I arrived very early around 6:30 am. I encountered a very grumpy middle aged man that didn't even offer a &quot;good morning&quot;. I gave him my name and reservation number and I also showed him my Hilton HHonors Gold VIP card. I have spent a LOT of money with Hilton hotels around the world but this didn't seem to matter to this guy. He didn't even look at it.I inquired about checking in early and he said &quot;no it's impossible&quot;. He didn't say anything like &quot;I'm sorry Mr. X all the rooms are occupied&quot;. Or any other explanation. He simply said that check-in is at 2 PM and that was that. It was only 6:30 am and I was exhausted since I didn't sleep on the long flight. I was going to wait in the lounge but the chairs are not comfortable and the lounge area really isn't that nice. I checked my bag and decided to go have breakfast and do some shopping.I stayed out until about 1 PM. I was a few blocks away but usually not in this area and I didn't know it well. I called the hotel to ask for directions and said &quot;I know I'm only a few blocks away...can you help&quot;. The guy that answered the phone said that he couldn't help and transferred me to what I'm assuming is the concierge desk and no one answered the phone. I was furious. I asked a police officer and he kindly pointed me in the right direction. I get to the hotel and it's 2 PM now. I see there is still no one at the concierge desk. It's very rude when a guest is calling to get directions and you simply transfer it to an empty desk. It would have taken him all of 10 seconds to explain where the hotel was.So I get to the front desk and they give me my key. I go to get my checked bag and I had a big bag plus all the bags I had from shopping (and I did a LOT of shopping). The bellboy (or I should say middle aged man) just handed me my suitcase and didn't even offer to help me take it to my room. This is extremely unprofessional.So this was 3 things now all before I even got to my room that I was not happy about. Someone definitely needs to do a customer service seminar for these employees. This is not a way to treat a customer that frequents their many hotels around the world. I get to my room and my bad mood goes away once I see the view. They put me on the 49th floor and I have an amazing view! It's very very strange to see the big hole where the World Trade Center was. I snapped some photos that I don't know if they will allow me to post on Trip Advisor since it's not the hotel but of the view. The room size is extremely big for a New York City hotel. I guess for the u$s 350+/night range you get mostly small hotel rooms here in NYC but this was very spacous with a King size bed. The room had a 42'inch Plasma/LCD TV which was a great touch. I do the same thing in my properties that I have for rent and people really appreciate these things. The bathroom was a good size as well. Nothing luxurious but it was at least spacious.The bed was extremely comfortable with great pillows as well. I stayed a few nights and used the room service and each time they were very quick. I'd say the food was delivered in less than 30 minutes each time. The food quality was ok as well. The prices on the menu don't seem too expensive but then remember they add on like $4 service fee + 15% tip which is also fairly common these days.I'm here getting ready to check-out. I must have just gotten a grumpy check-in guy. I just called down to let them know that I didn't use anything in my mini-bar and there were at least 4 things on my bill. The nice guy that answered (said his name was Robert) was very friendly and explained that the refrigerators have motion sensors that detect if you take something out. I did move some things around to put in some water that I had but put them back in. I thought that was interesting and never heard of that before so make sure you check your bills at the check-out.I asked Robert if I could have a late check-out and he said &quot;sure, no problem. What time did you want to check-out. I told him I just needed a few extra hours. 2 PM would be fine and he said not a problem. Now that is good customer service and very friendly. He sounded younger and was much friendlier than the grumpy old guy at the check-in.All in all, I'd highly recommend this hotel. If they got rid of the grumpy ole guy at the check-in and trained their staff to be a little friendlier than I'd say it's highly recommended.Mike	
Mar 25 2007 	Great hotel	My wife and I loved the Millenium Hilton. This is a beautiful, modern hotel with good rates. We had a junior suite on the 46th floor with windows facing west toward Ground Zero and the Hudson River and north to the Empire State Building and midtown. It is sad staring out at the construction at Ground Zero and the other surrounding buildings that were damaged, but therapeutic in a way. It's also eerie working out in the fitness center because you're staring out at the site also. The hotel itself was great. Very modern, clean, comfortable. There were two thermostats in our room, one for the bedroom and one for the lounge area. Housekeeping and the staff were helpful and friendly. Breakfast in the restaurant was also good and reasonable. We didn't eat there any other meals though. While aside from the WTC site there isn't a lot for tourists in the immediate area, there is a subway stop right across the street and it's easy to hop on and go to Times Square or wherever you want to go. I'd definitely stay here again.	
Mar 22 2007 	Very very nice	We stayed here only one night but were impressed immediately upon entering the establishment. The staff was friendly and although we arrived a few hours earlier than check-in time, we were able to go straight to our room on the 24th floor. The view was absolutely breathtakingly beautiful yet sad (WTC) at the same time. The bed was so comfy and the bathroom was spacious and immaculate. We would definitely stay here again.	
Mar 20 2007 	Excellent hotel and helpful staff	I used tripadvisor reviews to help chose this hotel for our stay in New York and was very pleased with the choice.The hotel is very comfortable, with everything you need for a great stay. The rooms were very modern with comfy beds, good coffee makers and marble bathrooms. The decor is modern and pleasant.We enjoyed a couple of early morning swims in the pool. When full of children (Saturday afternoon) the pool was bit less enjoyable, as it's really quite small.Once we'd worked out how to navigate the subway we found the hotel's location was excellent. It is easy to get to several subway lines, including the express which took us to Bloomingdales in only minutes.We only ate a couple of times at the hotel. Breakfast was much better and cheaper at the nearby Stage door deli. We had a very enjoyable dinner at the hotel restaurant, but it was comparatively expensive. The hotel staff were very helpful from the concierge who recommended a great restaurant one night and helped with directions and queries, to the front desk who helped me check in on line for our return flight.I would happily return to this hotel.	
Mar 20 2007 	Good but some negative points	Stayed for two nights on the 48th floor, overlooking the WTC site. Fantastic views and the room was a very generous size, including a small lounge area with a second TV, sofa and desk. The 42&quot; plasma is certainly the largest screen I've seen in a hotel room but there is no inroom WiFi, just an ethernet cable connection that you pay for. You can detect over a dozen WiFi networks but you can't connect to them! The bathroom wasn't small either although the fittings looked a little dated. The bed was wide and very comfortable, with good pillows too. There's also a free safe which is always one of the main items I look for.The breakfast buffet was of a good standard but they have a la carte too. Dinner was slightly disappointing although that may have been due to my choice of dish. Costs aren't too high either.Negatives: the air-con system made a lot of noise, even when switched off. This may be a one-off and as I will probably stay here again for work, I shall update my review next time. The lack of WiFi, even if I could pay for it, was annoying, considering the typical guest is most likely a business traveller, judging by the occupants at breakfast. My final gripe is aimed at this and many other hotels; they all leave cards indicating their commitment to protecting the environment, asking you to reuse towels and save water etc. However, even if you don't leave towels in the bathtub, they still change everything every day! And it smacks of hypocrisy when they use 8 lightbulbs in the bathroom, although I did detect energy saving bulbs elsewhere in the room. The surrounding area is a bit shabby so take a taxi or the metro for your shopping and dining needs.Overall, it's a good hotel that could improve on a couple of areas but it's best suited to business travellers. Tourists are better off elsewhere.	
Mar 17 2007	reliable comfortable classy	This was our 3rd stay at this hotel in 2 years. Every room has a great view and a great tv (and we don't watch much tv)! The lower Manhattan location is not a liability. There is great subway service or taxi's to midtown or beyond. From the hotel, you can easily walk to Chinatown ( we love NY Noodle Town, Bowery at Bayard). Strolling along the Hudson in Battery Park is wonderful and safe. NY is a great city and will not disappoint! To save money, park at the Gateway Hilton in Newark and take the PATH to NYC for $1.50 You will be right across the street from the Milennium..	
Mar 16 2007 	Nice and Quiet	Booked this hotel through priceline for one night before moving to Affinia Manhattan.....can't say enough good things....comfortable beds, nice thick linens, above all quiet location....nice views of ground zero from the rooms....found it alittle more difficult to get around compared to affinia manhattan but all in all very pleased.....recently renovated due to the attack on the WTC and it shows........ very nice!	
Mar 13 2007	Great Location	This was my 3rd trip to NY and my 1st stay at The Millenium Hilton. I went to a congress in Westchester on March, 2 and 3 and my wife joined me after that for a whole week in the city. Wow, we had fun and the hotel was one of the reasons why we're still missing our week at The Big Apple. I had the warmest check in welcome of my life! Rooms, Housekeeping, Room Service, Front Desk, Staff in general, they're all fabulous! Liquis Assets Bar was also great for drinks before dinner. But, most of all, location seems to be the huge secret of the place. There are a few subway lines (some of them express lines) nearby which take you midtown or uptown in a few minutes (Lines 4 &amp; 5 express trains). Anyway, the Financial Distric is very close to great spots like South Seaport, Soho, Lower East Side and even East and Greenwich Village. These are the places to go with their trendy restaurants and bars, nightlife and fun. But if you prefer the traditional touristic spots in Midtown and fancy the Upper East side...well, just take the 4 or 5 subway lines! There's a 4 storey shop just round the corner where you can buy almost everything to wear. Battery Park's also very close and there are some museums, bars and shops if you must stay downtown.Breakfast's very expensive though, but you can have it at so many places nearby.My wife and I will surely be back to this hotel next time we come to NY. Definately!Anna and Andre, Lisbon, Portugal	
Mar 10 2007	Awesome Stay!	This hotel, directly across from Ground Zero and in the financial district, surpassed our expectations on all levels. The staff is obviously well trained and always went beyond our requests (except for a few mistakes on subway directions). The hotel looks recently remodeled (great contemporary colors), the room was the largest I've ever stayed in NYC, the bed very comfortable, the bathroom nice, etc. I would highly recommend the Hilton Millenium if your price range is under $300.	
Mar 6 2007 	Almost perfect!	I just came back from a stay at the Millenium Hilton and everything was almost perfect. I booked our stay through Hotwire. I booked a room for myself and one for my parents. We each got our rooms at 149$ and 153$ respectively. You cannot beat that price for the Millenium Hilton. We arrived by car and were really well received by the valet parking agent. A doorman helped us immediately with our luggage.I was anxious to see how the staff would act with us because our stay was booked through hotwire and that we had such a low price. There was nothing under 230$ if we booked through their website. The person at the front desk was professional and courteous and did not give us any attitude about the fact that we had not booked through them. We arrived at noon and we each got our rooms immediately.The rooms are spotless! We were located on the 31st and 33rd floors and had a view of Ground zero. Even my mother who is afraid of heights enjoyed the view! The rooms were always made up and bath products were replenished immediately.The only glitch I can find is that I had turn down service, with chocolates on the pillow and bottles of water, but my parents did not get it. The toilet made a dripping noise sometimes, but I just had to close the door and I did not hear it.I would recommand this hotel to everyone because with the subway and the buses, and walking also, you can get to anywhere in a short period of time. Book through Hotwire and you will save lots of money!	
Mar 3 2007	To Much Attitude and Bad Customer Service	I stay at this hotel regularly for business. The attitude from the employees seems to get worse and worse each time. You would think you were staying in a posh boutique hotel in SOHO. The hotel itself is nice and rooms are great, but beware of the hotel staff!	
Feb 27 2007 	Great Hotel	This is my second time at this hotel. The last time I stayed was April 2006. The Hilton is located right across from the WTC site and was renovated after 9/11, it has all updated fixtures and flat screen TVs. They have reopened the main entrance in the last year and the lobby seemed much more put together since the last time I was there.The rooms are a good size by NYC standards and the view is tremendous (it’s interesting to see the construction of the WTC site). Its located next to the Fulton subway station and within three blocks you can get a subway to anywhere in NYC. My wife and I took advantage of the downtown location to explore some of the small museums in Lower Manhattan and had a great three days.There are plenty of pubs and bars in the Financial District and on Reade and Chambers street, but it is very much an after work crowd.I’m pretty self sufficient so I didn’t really have any contact with anyone who works there, nor did I need to, everything was very smooth.I recommend it for people who have business in the Financial District and people who are looking at staying in a different part of NY.I booked the room through Priceline.	
Feb 23 2007	New Years Stay at the Millenium	We loved the Millenium Hilton. It's right across the street from Ground Zero which is very humbling but Americans need to be humbled every now and then right? Anyways, the hotel rooms are very nice and comfortable. The service is lacking. I'm sure its just the New Yorker way of life but they are always hurrying you and making you rush through, check in, check out, on the phone, etc. I wouldn't say they are rude but very in a hurry as all of New York is. We got tired waiting on the ball to drop on New Years so we just went back to the hotel and watched on TV and there were fireworks outside our window. It was great. The elevators are REALLY fast. Just a warning!	
Feb 22 2007	Loved the Millenium	We stayed at this property for four nights in February. The employees couldn't have been more helpful (with the exception of the restaurant staff). Upon arrival, the front desk was friendly, courteous and informative. My husband's a diamond member, so we were upgraded to a Junior Suite, with complementary breakfast vouchers. The room was wonderful - actually two rooms, with a plasma tv, luxurious king bed with soft, quality linens and a housekeeping staff that couldn't have been more efficient. The room had a view of Ground Zero - this didn't bother us at all. It is quite sobering but also uplifting in seeing the way New Yorkers seem to be able to handle anything they're given. My respect and admiration truly goes out to the people of this city - it is truly the greatest city on earth! The consierge couldn't have been more helpful - any question you presented him with he answered, or at least tried. Elevators were prompt - rarely had to wait at all, going up or down. Yes, the lobby is small and the lounge could be a bit larger, but if this is the only thing wrong - please. The location of this hotel is just fine - a subway station 100 feet from the entrance. The subways are quite safe and a great way to get around, but if you're subway-shy, taxi's are abundant all around this hotel. However, we found it difficult getting one - we were there when the weather was quite cold and they all seemed to be occupied! So the subway it was, with no problems at all. Being downtown, I agree with a previous review wholeheartedly - it is quiet down here and away from the craziness of Times Square - you couldn't pay me to stay there! My only complaint towards this hotel is the miserable, bored, unhappy, unpleasant wait staff in the restaurant. And the breakfast ...... if we had to pay for that food....something like $29/person for a breakfast buffet that was as cold as ice coming directly from the kitchen! The eggs were stone cold, as was the bacon, sausage, potatoes, etc. My advice - go somewhere else - anywhere else - for breakfast. Never gave lunch or dinner a chance - too many other great restaurants in this city. We are planning another trip this April and we already have reservations to return here. This is a great hotel in a great city and I highly recommend it!	
Feb 20 2007 	Perfect!	This was our second time at this hotel at the beginning of February for two nights.We loved it the first time and when we booked to go back to new York we didn't even think twice of another hotel.Upon arrival were given a room on the 42nd floor overlooking ground zero with fantastic views over the river and skyline of new york.Rooms were very comfortable, not at all small compared to alot of new york hotels, with a very large comfortable bed and lots of bathroom toiletries.Check out was at 12 but unfortunately my husband was ill so after letting the conceirge know, they very kindly said we could stay in the hotel at no further cost until he was well enough to leave which was much appreciated.Overall fantastic hotel, great views and very accomodating staff!	
Feb 20 2007 	Will Never Stay Here Again	The rooms here are large and nice, and the views are remarkable but not nearly enough to make up for the awful service I received 2/15-2/17/07. Upon arrival the doorman did not come to the curb to assist me with my luggage - normally this wouldn't be a big deal to me but with the wind gusting and snow on the ground, it irked me this time.My room was large, clean and well-appointed. All was well until I attempted to open the mini-bar, which was stuck. A call downstairs informed me that they &quot;had problems with that particular room and would send someone right up.&quot; Maintenance arrived within 10 min but it's annoying not to be told of the problem in advance when management knows about it.On my second evening I had trouble establishing an internet connection; again, a call downstairs informed &quot;that particular room doesn't have internet connectivity&quot; and they offered to move me to another room. At this point I spoke to the manager who denied that anyone had any prior knowledge of the lack of internet connection in that particular room - whatever - I went ahead and moved rooms. I checked out Saturday morning at 6:30am and asked the desk clerk whether I would be able to hail a cab at that hour or if I was better off calling for one. I was told that the doorman (who was nowhere to be seen at that moment) could hail a cab for me. It's 6:30am on a SATURDAY, there is NO ONE else in the lobby, yet the desk clerk seems to feel it's beneath his station to accommodate my request for help in getting a cab.I will never stay here again - the service and attention to detail is minimal at best, and the staff is barely apologetic when their lack of attention causes disruption to their guests.	
Feb 12 2007 	Nice!	Got a deal on Priceline for a Saturday evening getaway. The hotel was redone in 2003 after being damaged on 9/11. My room on the 31st floor directly overlooked the WTC site. So if that bothers you, ask for another side. The hotel is directly across the street from it and is close to the subway, very convenient. It's also next to Century 21, if you are interested in shopping.The room was very comfortable, with great lighting options and soft sheets on the great bed. It also had an in-room safe in the closet, which I didn't use because I didn't bring my laptop with me, but it's something I look for since I usually have a computer and hate checking it at the front desk or hauling it with me. The only drawback to the room I had (3103) was that there seemed to be some noise in the room from the elevators. It took me a while to figure out where it was coming from. And my neighbors were quiet, but when they returned to their room, I could hear them pretty clearly. So it's not the most soundproof room ever. Wish it was a little quieter, esp. if you're paying closer to the regular rate.But the room was very clean and nice, and I would definitely stay again if I got a decent rate!	
Feb 10 2007 	Spacious (for downtown NY) room with a view	New York is one of the few cities where I consistently book my hotels through Hotwire, or a similar service, simply because I get value for my dollar in a city where hotel prices are exorbitant. I have yet to be disappointed.The staff were wonderfully friendly, and the room was clean and attractively furnished. In fact, it was unusually spacious for its location. It had a huge flat-screen TV, nice amenities, and a sweeping but sobering view of Ground Zero. A friend who visited commented that she would find it difficult to look down at that view every day. I, however, was moved by what I saw and was thankful for being able to see the entire vista of where the Towers once stood, from high above the ground.The downside, as a tourist, is that a downtown location like this can seem remote at times. I would definitely return to the hotel, especially if I had to conduct business downtown.	
Feb 4 2007 	Can't lose with this one	I'm adding to the chorus of accolades. We've stayed in Times Square before and won't do it again after staying downtown.The Millenium Hilton was like an oasis after busy days and nights on the town. You are close to SOHO and a fairly short subway ride to midtown. The subway station could not be more convenient. At first, it's a little strange being neighbors to the World Trade Center site...it will fill up your view out the window. But I certainly wouldn't let that fact discourage anyone from staying here. The rooms are huge by NYC standards and we loved the enormous plasma screen tv and the no-attitude friendly service. By the way, we got this on Priceline for what we considered a great rate.	
Feb 2 2007 	Declining but still OK for NYC.	I stayed at the Millenium Hilton in NYC five times between 2003 and 2006 and still appreciate this hotel even if it used to be better a couple of years ago. First I like the modern and original architecture of the hotel; then the location in the financial district and on walking distance to the seaport is convenient; the rooms are well-decorated, modern and big enough; the service at front desk is good and the concierge very helpfull. But during my last stays I noticed that the room-prices went up quite a bit and that the value-for-money is not so good anymore as it used to be. Plus their were some anoying works in the lobby and the main entrance was closed. The lobby is indeed very small for this huge hotel and seems now a bit outdated - a renovation would be welcome. Finally I was disapointed by the breakfast which used to be good but now the waiters simply don't care about you at all and I have been waiting at the bar 15 minutes before a table was ready (even if their were plenty of empty uncleaned tables) ... Millenium Hilton is still OK if you need to stay in the financial district but you should find as good or even better elsewere in NYC.	
Jan 31 2007	Loved It!	I loved the Millenium Hilton. The rates were great and the hotel was beautiful and clean. Great rates for weekend getaway. Located in the financial district but only a cabride away from main attractions. This location was great because you don't hear the busy NYC streets and sirens. Staff was great. Beware of roomservice and breakfast it was very pricey. I would def stay there again.	
Jan 23 2007 	Great Stay	Had a great time in NEW yORK. The Hilton was excellent. Clean well appointed room. We stayed on the 38th floor in a corner room with king bed. Great bed, great view. I would definately stay here again.	
Jan 15 2007 	Minted	quick simply a total dream from day 1. i apsolutely loved this place. me and my girlfriend stayed from 30th dec to 4th jan and dont have 1 negative comment to make. The rooms are spotless and decor is very classy for the price. Our bed was fantastic too :) Overall i recommend this hotel. Only slight drawback is the financial district location. Just grab a C train and your in Uptown in minutes.	
Jan 15 2007 	Good location and despite being downtown easy to get anywhere.	Stayed here 2nd January till the 7th. Lobby has bar and shop, cafe/restaurant on 3rd floor. two enterances, one on Church st and one on Dey st. Corner room with windows on each side - good view uptown over Greenwich Village/Soho to the Empire State Building (gr8 lit up at night) on one side and over to City Hall and the Brooklyn Bridge on the other. Plasma screen tv with all the usual cable channels and a built in internet browser (fee). Very tall (53 levels) but narrow building. Hence only about 15 rooms each level (or so it seemed). Despite previous reviews never heard any construction noise (we were away from ground zero but facing the apartment building which is a little way away). We were however on the 49th level. room furnishings in good condition, bathroom relatively large as was the room. King size bed, desk and seating area with space for more furniture if they put it in...so no problem with size. Room service cost was reasonable and definately cheaper than other hotels..infact cost wise sometimes it was just as cheap to eat in than at a restaurant/cafe. Local area is offices but there are a numbe rof eateries within walking distance and shops/drug stores/Borders. Path station and subway (World Trade Centre and Chambers st) across rd and City Hall subway station a short walk away which covers most destinations (Soho, Greenwich Village, Chelsea, Uptown). Walking distance to Battery Park and ferry to Ellis Island and Statute of Liberty and South Sea seaport. All in all happy with location and price...rather stayed here than the hotels around Times Square which while in the centre of things looked very tacky, convention like and, well nosiy..even the chain ones. Two downsides were the buffet breakfast..prob one of the worse I have come across for variety of any hotel of this class. And no tea/coffee facilities in room ..unheard of in this class anywhere else in the world. Upside were the staff were excellent.	
Jan 14 2007	Great View	We had a very nice stay. Will stay again!	
Jan 12 2007 	Style Space and Hospitality	My wife and I booked the Millenium for a weekend getaway before Xmas. We chose this based on good reviews and because it was one of the more reasonable accomodations given that we were smack in the middle of the holidays. We couldn't have been happier with our choice.Positives* Our room was quite spacious particularly in NYC where I have stayed in rooms which I could touch all 4 walls. * We had a beautiful view overlooking the WT Center site and across the river. * Plasma TV was great, bathroom clean, and bed quite comfortable. * The front desk staff were professional and efficient which is all I need. Get me in and get me out. * The concierge was attentive to everyone - he offered us advice on how to get to the play we were seeing, sites we were interested in and suggestions on where to eat. All were excellent. Also held our luggage on checkout day so we could do some extra sight seeing.Negatives* There was a bit of &quot;riff raff&quot; that hung around outside the hotel selling junk but it's a city so what do you expect - we never felt threatened. * Parking is outragous. We spent 85 bucks for under 2 days not including tip. * The hotel is about as far downtown as you can go without being in NJ which for some might be a drawback. However, the train and Path are right outside the hotel and fairly easy to navigate - ask someone if you need help. The first time an attendant walked us through the whole ticket process, told us where to go etc. from then on we had no problem. (The train isn't as nice or easy to use as Wash DC Metro but it was fine. I recommend an all day pass its like 7 bucks and after 2 rides you basically make your money)All in all this was a fantastic trip and I would not hesitate to suggest this hotel to anyone.	
Jan 11 2007	Perfect! Great views rooms and service.	Stayed here for three nights to visit NYC in a King corner suite. The hotel is located just in front of Ground Zero and construction site of the Freedom Tower, in Lower Manhattan.The king corner suite is not very spacious, but generous enough to give a sense of luxury in NYC. Very comfortable king bed facing plasma tv, nice bathroom, small lounge with sofa-bed, workdesk, coffee table and second TV. My favorite feature is the large floor to ceiling windows. Our suite had breathtaking views of midtown and the ESB, the Woolworth building, the Hudson River and New Jersey, and Ground Zero.Service was professional and pleasant, and we felt welcome in this property. The buffet breakfast was a little limited but reasonably priced for NYC. Second and third day ordered the midwesterner (steak) breakfast instead. Room service is average, but prices reasonable. The location of the hotel didn't prove to be much of an inconvenience to us. We could walk to pay respects at Ground Zero, tour Lower Manhattan and get to the Statue of Liberty ferry. Access via subway to the attractions in Midtown is very fast (take the express trains) and easy (there are at least four different subway lines that stop within walking distance of the hotel). Taxis aren't expensive either. The construction of the Freedom tower was just starting during our stay, and there is also a condo building under construction on the north side of the hotel so there is some construction noise during the day which may bother some.This hotel played a key role in our having a great stay in NYC. This is my second stay here. I can't recommend this hotel enough.	
Jan 10 2007 	Great City	We stayed in the Millenium Hilton from the 29th of December through to the 8th of January. Firstly, the connections to everthing here are excellent, we took the subway to and from the airport, it only takes 45 mins not sure how long a cab takes but it is around $45, the subway is 2. The subway is also excellent for getting uptown with the 'E' dropping you right next to Macys in 34th or times square at 42nd or right up to the rockerfeller on 53rd all for 2 bucks, if your making a couple of trips a day as we did it saves alot of money on 15 - 20 buck cabs.The hotel was excellent we never had to wait long to check in and as I had requested on the hilton website when booking I got a high floor room on the 49th floor. Our room over looked ground zero out to new jersey, the view was excellent, we found that the noise was no problem unless you opened the window, though the air conditioning unit was noisy at night. The pool and sauna were nice though the buisness suite with the internet for hire was expensive, try to find an internet cafe. The only complaint I have is not to do with the hotel as such but the location I found to be a bit of a hassle, though the subway is right outside, if you were shopping up 5th avenue or in around times squre it was a bit of a trek to come back to the hotel for a change of clothes or to drop off bags etc, it was also harder to find pubs and resteraunts within walking distance.Overall though i would definatly recommend the hotel.	
Jan 8 2007 	Great Stay at the Millenium Hilton	My stay at the Hilton Millenium was great! The room was clean and fortunately we were able to stay in one of the larger rooms on our floor. It is quiet on weekend mornings and the noise from Ground Zero was never a problem. The staff was always polite. Very convenient to the subway. I would stay there again in a heartbeat. Oh, and when searching for a hotel I had a hard time finding one that didn't have a review stating there were bed bugs. The Millenium Hilton was one of the few-no bed bugs in our room!	
Jan 8 2007 	Loved it loved it loved it!	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Millenium Hilton from Thursday (Jan 4th) until Sunday (Jan 8th) and we absolutely loved it!! I asked him to book this hotel after I saw all the reviews on here, and we really didn't feel like staying in Midtown. We arrived in NYC from DC three whole hours before check in time and I convinced my boyfriend to ask the front desk if we could check in early and they let us...we were very grateful for that. We booked a King room with city views (we were on the 50th floor) and our view was AMAZING (especially at night). The hotel room was immaculately clean and very spacious. This was the quietest hotel I have ever stayed in, even on Saturday night it was quiet. Maybe it had something to do with being on the 50th floor. I will say that I think I could hear when people took showers, it sounded like water running in a house. At times that was annoying, but after a while I guess I kind of got used to it. The cleaning service was excellent, our room was just as nice as the first day we checked in whenever we came back. We did eat at the restaurant on the 3rd floor. We actually only got to eat lunch there, and it was mediocre. I expected a little more. But other than the mediocre lunch, the hotel was amazing. Check in was speedy (less than 5 minutes), it was very easy to get a cab, canal street was in walking distance, there are 2 subway stops within very close walking proximity. I really could just go on and on about this hotel, but I won't, lol. I will DEFINITELY stay here again. :)	
Jan 5 2007 	Fantastic Hotel with city views......	Booked this hotel for 7 nights (27th Dec to 3rd Jan) after reading the reviews on trip advisor......Our room was a King Bed room on the 33rd Floor with City views ( inc. WTC site ) Yes it does get a bit noisy daytime, but NYC is noisy all the time. AirCon fan was noisy, but liveable ( others have said the same ) but the 42&quot; Plasma TV worked fine. Room was always spotlessly cleaned and the service was faultless.It is a bit 'Downtown' for most of NYC's attractions, but the cab rides were on average $15 (inc. tip ), the most we paid was $25 from Times square to the hotel in rush hour. When you've paid about $250 a night.... you can live with that.....Mostly had 'breakfast' in Starbucks, round the corner.Had room service breakfast on our last morning and it was OK. ( $40 all in )Don't use the hotel phone to ring the UK, about £7.50 for 2-3 mins...!!!!Overall impressed enough to go back again soon........Times Square NewYearsEve was a one-off experience..........Easily got a cab back to the hotel at 1am NewYearsDay and it cost.........$12+tip..........only in NYC........ :o)	
Dec 17 2006 	Loved the Hilton	Stayed in the Hilton for 2 nights in December. On check in we were given a room on the 44th Floor with a view over the WTC site and on to the river.The rooms were clean and spacious and the staff were helpful and friendly.Although this hotel is in the business / financial district I would not hestitate to stay here again, as everything is so accessible via the Metro.The only slight concern is the lack of restuarants in this area - but if you're prepared to travel - not a problem.We will definitely be back.	
Dec 17 2006 	Way Downtown But Great Nonetheless!	A wonderful hotel with comfortable beds and wide screen TV. It's right opposite Ground Zero so those who lost folks may want to find somewhere else to stay. Right near Chambers Street subway stop. All around great experience and paid only about $218 through Hotwire!! One caveat - the mini-bar is rigged with some sensor so even if you just LIFT an item to look it, it'll be recorded as a taken item.	
Dec 16 2006 	Worst Staff in Town	The hotel is nice but the employees, including the managers, were all rude and unhelpful. We stayed in a 2 bedroom suite and had a wonderful view, but our stay was riddled with constant disappointment caused by the ineffective way this hotel is run. Our concierge told us she was obtaining tickets for us and never made calls on our behalf - we called the venue directly and found out she had never called and we almost lost seats because we were depended on her to follow through. The non-smoking suite was filled with smoke from other rooms (on the non-smoking floor). The place was noisy and check in and out was ridiculously difficult. We visit NY several times a year and will never stay at the Millenium again - stay away if you care about service!	
Dec 15 2006 	Noise	We spent five days at the Millenium Hilton and while it served it's purpose and is well served by many subway lines, I don't think we'd stay again. The staff/service were adequate (not great), and the walls are surprisingly thin (we could hear our neighbours phone conversations/tv) and with construction having begun at the WTC site, it can get pretty noisy quite early. If you plan to stay, definately ask for a room as high up as possible. We found the WTC construction quite loud at times even though we stayed on the 53rd floor.	
Dec 1 2006 	Pleased with this Hotel Stay	Stayed in this hotel for four nights in mid-November. This was a business meeting/pleasure trip. Two of the nights were a Friday and Saturday . We were located on the 49th floor. I give the location, room and service high marks. I required maintenance on the first day to replace a faulty showerhead. This was done promptly. I would definitely stay again. Some of the external positives include convenient subway stations which get you to Soho and even Times Square in less than 25 minutes. There is a well-known electronics store a couple blocks away as well as a discount retailer across the street. There are plenty of cheap eats down Church Street or Broadway. City Hall is nearby. This is a unique location with the WTC site across the street, the riverviews are great and you get a certain feel that is different from midtown. Overall a pleasant experience.	
Dec 1 2006 	What an amazing hotel!	We have originally booked a 3* hotel on W43rd St, but after reading very bad reviews on here, we had second thoughts. I looked on the Hilton website, and found out that rooms in the Millenium were only £5 per night extra!! We paid another £5 per night to get a garaunteed 35th floor or above (comes under &quot;city view&quot; on the room selection). The hotel was absolutely amazing - despite being &quot;down town&quot; it was only a $5 taxi or 10min underground ride to Times Square. It is very easy walking distance to the Brooklyn Bridge, Wall Street, the ferry to Statue of Liberty, China Town, Little Italy and Grenwich Village.The hotel is gorgeous - you really feel like you are staying in somewhere a cut above the rest! The rooms do look over Ground Zero, but only if you stand right next to window and look down. The view straight out of the window was fantastic, and the sun set right between the Trade Plazza buildings opposite. Its a truely amazing sight! The rooms aren't big, but you have more than enough space. The bathrooms are really nice (and the Crabtree &amp; Evelyn toiletries are a very nice touch!)The Ground Zero site is very moving, but is actually worth visiting. The memorial display has been put together very tastefully and actually moves you to tears. I never worried about staying at the hotel because of it, and I actually felt that I was helping the regeneration of the area by staying at the hotel. Some poeple have commented on the building noise, but to be honest once you have the airconditioning on it more than blocks it out - it never woke us up to put it that way. New York is a truely amazing city - and Millenium Hilton is a fantastic base to explore. If we go back to New York, we would definately stay there again!	
Nov 23 2006 	Honneymooners Beware!!!	My wife and I just left The Millennium Hotel in NYC from our brief Honeymoon and I must say how dissatisfied we were with the service we received at the &quot;Exclusive 4-Star&quot; hotel. Upon our arrival I made arrangements with the gentlemen at the front desk to have a car pick my wife and I up from our Wedding Night Dinner Cruise. This was after upon check-in that the bellhop failed to make the arrangements for us as promised. Time and location were supplied to Arturo and I was assured that there would be a car waiting for us when we docked. When we arrived there was no car. In fact I had to walk approx. 6 blocks in the cold rain to hail a cab back to the hotel, exactly what I wanted to avoid by arranging a car with your hotel. After arriving back to our room we found that there was no heat. Because we were both exhausted and wanting to go to sleep we did not want to make an issue of it because we did not want to change rooms at that time. I believe that our mistakes were having such high expectations from such a prestigious company. That mistake will never be made again, for we will no longer stay at a Hilton affiliated hotel again. I'm afraid that if the disappointing service we experienced at the 4-Star rated Millennium Hilton is the norm I wonder how it is in other not so exclusive facilities under the Hilton Umbrella. Overall they give you a “sorry” and send you on your way without any recourse. At the end of the day we’d rather stay at the Marriott.	
Nov 20 2006 	Efficient priced to compete stylish rooms	We chose the Millenium Hilton for our weekend in NYC because our rate, which included two breakfasts AND one night of champagne, was about $150 cheaper than the celestial rates of Times Square / Midtown properties WITHOUT breakfast.We were worried that being so far downtown would make transportation difficult, but with a subway station across the street, we had no problem most of the time; Saturday night cabs were scarce and the hotel only had one doorman on, so we left the long taxi line and hoofed up one block to catch our own - no big deal.We appreciated other TripAdvisor guest photos of the site, as it is across the street from the WTC site - the hotel itself was damaged in the 9/11 attacks and was closed for 18 months. (Now beautifully restored - no issues). The bellman told us a harrowing story of the day of the attack and his subsequent 9 hour walk home to the Bronx. This location, then, becomes a positive - the staff are happy to see you and grateful for your business, and you can walk a few steps out the door to see the moving WTC display or explore St. Paul's chapel, the 18thC church which miraculously survived the collapse of the towers.The room was better appointed than most brands, with a huge, flat-screen TV and glass and wood furniture. Room a little on the small side for two women who spent three days shopping, but then again, what hotel room would have held all the bags? OUTSTANDING bed.Our room overlooked WTC site, and the other side of the hotel overlooks the Brooklyn Bridge. Overall a very pleasant experience.	
Nov 12 2006	Pleasant stay with a few blips..	When you pay $400 (including taxes) a night at a five-stay hotel like this one, expectations run very high. Generally, our stay at this place was pleasant. The room was well spaced out and well maintained, the plasma TV was a plus. The blips:- breakfast was ok, though the standard (of the food) has dropped since our last stay two years ago. Service was inconsistent - some of the staff greeted guests with smiles and quick directions; others appeared nonchalant and looked away while making greetings (saying &quot;have a pleasant day ahead&quot; with a stoned expression while looking away does not count as service to me). My advice: don't go through the motion if you don't mean what you say.- Lost a spectacle holder the day I checked out (it had apparently fell behind one of the cupboards, according to my friend who stayed with me). Called the housekeeping who couldn't locate it. Went to the front desk a few hours later to check again. Saw front desk person called housekeeping, laughed and shook his head while talking, out down the phone and said &quot;Sorry, they couldn't locate it&quot;. Felt insulted that a matter like this was treated lightly. Friend adviced that small items like mine are always &quot;dispensables&quot; in hotels like this - you will never get it back. Didn't accept the reason and felt robbed.Otherwise, the hotel was a pleasant stay with a nice view of the Hudson River skyline.	
Nov 11 2006 	Expensive but beautiful	I liked our stay at the Hilton because it was beautiful but certainly not because of the staff or rediculous prices. I found one doorman to be very nice, the others would sit and count their tips infront of us, flag us down a cab and then expect a tip and give us dirty looks when he didnt recieve one. I also found that the food their was rediculously expensive if you even touched one on the food items in the dressers it was an automatic charge, which is not right especially since a chocolate bar was $8. We also didnt want to pay for the drinks in our fridge because a can of pop was $4 FOR A CAN OF POP. We purchased our own drinks at a drug store and put them in the fridge after taking the other drinks out. Later that night a employee came to our rooms to tell us that we had to take our drinks out of the fridge and put theirs back where they came from in exact order or we would be charged for every drink in the fridge, Arent we paying enough to stay here as it is,we cant even have a cold drink unless we pay a hugely overpriced amount for one drink! they also told us that we could have a fridge brought up to the room for an additional $100 to store out own drinks in, YA RIGHT. Anyways i was dissappointed with the hotel. Although it was beautiful I will not go back.	
Nov 6 2006 	Just Perfect	No problems at all. Room was on the 47th floor which took the elevator 25 seconds to get to (your ears pop). Room overlooked WTC, so if that an issue for you then best to avoid. Staff very pleasant and helpful when we needed them. Outside the door is the subway, next door is Century 21, opposite was the PATH train for getting from Newark to Hilton, took 40 minutes and cost only $8, we were lucky with the connections mind you. Plasma is a bonus, rubbish on US TV with adverts every 5 minutes meant we never really watched it though!The biggest point given that we were out all day was the most comfortable bed that they claim was just that. I have never slept in a more comfortable bed in my puff.	
Oct 31 2006 	Best ever stay in a hotel in the world!	We had a room on the north east corner hotel of the hotel on the 48th floor and with that factor I think the complete package made this hotel the best I have ever stayed in!The staff are brilliant- friendly and informative. The room had a huge flat screen TV (never actually came on as the views were that good!), radio with an attachment for your ipod, king size comfy beds, plenty of nice toiletries, really well cleaned very day, lots of towels, fridge, mini bar, morning newspaper. OK it lacks tea/ coffe making machines but you're in NYC so you're never far from caffeine!The location we actually found as a plus. As I've been lucky enough to stay in mid town before it was brilliant being away from all the hassle. The walks around the South Street Seaport and southern tip of the island gave you another insight to the city and with several subway lines 20 yards from the hotel it took no time to get uptown.The pool was also brilliant after a long plane ride or long day on your feet. The bar was also very nice for a pre dinner drink. Even with different views I would still give this hotel top marks and if you shop around you can get a very good price. Looking forward to coming back as soon as my bank manager lets me!	
Oct 30 2006 	Great Stay	Booked a king view room and found we were on the 48th floor with stunning views over Brooklyn Bridge in one direction and the SoL and the WTC site though the other window.Very quick check-in.Had a very good meal in the restaurant one night.Subway within 100 yds.Staff very friendly and efficient.	
Oct 23 2006 	Wonderful Hotel but a Couple of Negatives	I booked 2 quad-accupancy rooms for a group of us who headed down to NYC for the Labour Day long weekend. The hotel itself has an upscale feel to it and has one of the fastest elevators I have ever experienced.Both rooms were located on the east side of the building, facing town hall and the Brooklyn Bridge, although the later is only visible from the highest floors and were not visible to us (31st and 32nd floors). The rooms were well appointed, spacious and the large-screen plasma TVs made viewing a pleasure.Several of the group has stayed mid-town on previous trips and enjoyed staying &quot;downtown&quot;, away from the hordes of tourists congregating in Time Square, Central Park and 5th Av. However, it is a ghost-town after all the white collars head home on Friday, giving it somewhat of a depressing feel when you are the only soul out walking around in the early morning or late evening. Its location across from Ground Zero doesn't really help much either... For all of the compliments, we did have two complaints. First, for a quad-occupancy room, beds were very small, making for an intimate sleeping encounter whether you wanted it or not. If you want the possibility of moving around without falling out of the bed (or accidently knocking your partner out), better upgrade to a junior suite.Secondly, because of flight delays, one of our group arrived at the hotel after our party had already headed uptown. Although the front desk assured us that it would be no problem to provide her access to the room in our absence, it turned out to be a different story. Only after half an hour and three attempts did they finally provide her with an access key.All in all, a wonderful hotel although there were several aspects which kept it from being a great stay.	
Oct 23 2006 	Best value in NYC	Wanting to get away for the weekend to NYC, we booked this hotel after many positive reviews here on tripadvisor, and I don't think we'll stay at any other NYC hotel. For the price this hotel can't be beat.Interestingly, the only downside to the hotel is its location. It's way down next to the WTC, meaning it's at the tip of southern Manhattan. But that's OK because the hotel is right outside the entranceway to the WTC subway stop on the E train. My wife and I arrived by bus at Penn Station (also on the E line), and a few stops later, was at the door to the Hilton. Plus, all the hotspots in Manhattan are served on the blue (A, C, E) line: Times Square, Columbus Circle/Central Park, Empire State Building, etc. Can't beat the convenience.Service was impeccable. We asked room service to send up toothpaste, and in timely fashion, a gentleman arrived at our door with the goods. A few minutes after that, we got a phone call from Housekeeping asking us if the toothpaste was delivered. Was a nice touch since this was the first time I had ever experienced a follow-up call, and I've stayed at many more upscale hotels.We got a king-size bedroom and as a previous poster noted, the window view was of the WTC construction site. Unlike the previous poster, I couldn't hear a thing outside our window, and we were on the 20th floor, so not too high up. Noise was not a problem.The room was a little on the small side, but that is to be expected in Manhattan. The decor was modern, and the plasma TV was a very nice touch (not to mention space saving!). The bathroom and bedsheets were all clean...no complaints.I can't speak of the restaurant or the hotel food because we didn't eat at the hotel. Why would you when the corner breakfast shop tastes better and is cheaper than any hotel fare? Just spend the day walking up broadway and you'll walk through many shops and restaurants as you pass through all the hotspots in lower Manhattan/midtown.Overall, this hotel was a real find. It was one of the cheapest hotel options in Manhattan, one of the most convenient, and we came away with no complaints about it. It's not the Ritz, the Waldorf, or the Trump, but it doesn't cost it either.	
Oct 19 2006	Timmy's 40th Birthday Stay	Firstly, my husband's 40th birthday was on Sept. 16, 2006 but I wanted to plan something special - like getting a few of his childhood buddies to come from their homes (1 in FLA, 1 in ME and 1 in CA) for a 40th b'day dinner at City Hall Restaurant which is very close (by foot) to The Millenium Hilton. I booked 2 suites online and called to confirm and spoke w/a lovely representative who made sure that it was noted once all arrived at the hotel that this was a &quot;special&quot; ocassion. After a spectacular dinner at City Hall Restaurant, our 4 yr old son and I went to one of the suites on the 38th floor and it was FABULOUS! My husband and his pals followed after their rendezvous of night caps following their dinner. The staff was helpful, knowledgeable and quite friendly. Room service was great and the amenities wonderful - let alone our view was breath-taking! (I do have a few pixs - mostly of myself and our son looking out of one of the windows). My husband and his buddies were very, very pleased to say the least. We reside in NYC and I was very, very pleased that I chose the Millenium Hilton which made my husband's 40th birthday bash a memorable one, indeed :-) I recommend it highly! Sincerely, Yvette Allen-Janis	
Oct 14 2006 	Best choice in NYC	This hotel, across from the World Trade Center site, has to be one of the best choices for the money in NYC. Why?1) The staff. Some of the friendliest, most helpful I've ever encountered (this is saying something, because I average 200 nights/year in hotels for my job)2) The rooms: many are cut from the same mold, but if you have any status with Hilton (and they are available), you'll be upgraded to a junior suite. 3) The location: not in touristy mid-town/Times Square, but convenient subway access/Path train makes up for this. On the weekend, it's almost nice to escape the busier parts of the city by staying downtown. Relatively safe, though some streets appear to be deserted on weekend nights, so best to not walk alone.I just wish the hotel wasn't a Hilton.	
Oct 9 2006	Smoker Beware	Let me begin by saying we had another very nice stay at this hotel. The rooms are still small but great and the staff is very friendly and accomodating. If you are a smoker and insist on a smoking room you would be better off trying another hotel. I had reserved my smoking King room 2 months previously. Upon arrival alas there were no smoking rooms. Evidently Hilton removed a bunch of smoking floors and, of course, did not let their smoking guests know about this. There is now 1 floor that is smoking with 14 rooms on it. That means 14 out of 569 rooms are smoking rooms. Even if you book one of these rooms you are not guaranteed to get one as per the Manager of the hotel told me. The odds are pretty bad. Otherwise it's still a fine hotel. This review is just a caution to the 22% of Americans who smoke.	
Oct 8 2006 	Not the best	PROS: Very clean and comfortable rooms, friendly staff, widescreen plasma tv (no high-definition broadcasts though), very comfortable beds/pillows, excellent climate control, great view either side (if you don't mind looking at ground zero on the hudson river side [they refer to over-looking ground zero as &quot;city view&quot;]), pool and excercise room, easy subway access to everywhere.CONS:No king beds facing away from ground zero, only queen (which looked like full size), construction on ground zero 7 days a week from about 6:00 am to 3:00 pm (muffled noise), no coffee in rooms (have to go to restaurant to purchase and coffee was not good and not hot), no in-room refrigerator, charge for high-speed internet access (no wireless in rooms), walls not as sound-proof as other hotels (fine unless you have noisy people next to you or want to sleep in on ground zero side).If this hotel added a few MINOR ammenities like FREE in-room coffee and refrigerator and FREE wireless internet access, I would have felt better about the construction noise and the price. The way they nickel and dime I was surprised that they didn't charge to use the toilet. Penny-wise and pound foolish. Overall a comfortable, somewhat noisy average stay. C+	
Sep 9 2006 	Amazing..!!!	This is one of the most spectacular hotels! The view, the service, the room!! overall a 5 star hotel	
Aug 27 2006 	awesome room awesome view	We had booked the room through Hotwire so we expected to get a broomcloset next to the ice machine. Surprise, we got a lovely room on the 53rd floor with a spectacular view of the Brooklyn Bridge. We sat at our window and watched all the lights come on at dusk -- it was more than amazing.Our room was small but clean and modern. Large plasma TV, comfortable bed, Crabtree and Evelyn shampoo, conditioner, etc., wallsafe, and comfortable easy chair.Staff could not have been nicer.Even on the weekend the area was alive with street vendors and tourists bustling about. Many subway lines within walking distance. Broadway bus (southbound) 1 block away.	
Aug 24 2006 	Well Worth It!!	I went for a week-end in the city. I stayed on the 47 th floor with a spectacular view of the city both day and night the veiw is breath taking. I suggest a jr. suite its not that much $ for what you get. and you can have up to 5 people in the room with out paying extra per person. The front desk staff was amazing ,funny and gave honest advice.The minibar system is this hotel s weak point Dont take the key .The gift shop has an ATM that only despense $100 at a time so just walk to the corner and use that atm if you need MORE cash . here is a great tip parking is around $48-$58 a night at the hotel but if you are there for the week -end you can park on the street FREE. and week days there is a parking garage around the corner for under $15 a day if you get it validated at sysms. Also there is a great pizza shop across the street if you want a bite or on a budget. the indoor pool is pretty small ,but very nice one thing that stuck out to me was that for a hotel in manhattan it was exteremly clean. i will and i am staying here again. also sign up to become a hilton honors member and get specials and deals on rooms even in nyc.you can bring your ipod and play your i tunes on the radio cool i loved it you will too.	
Aug 20 2006	Very Nice Overnight	Although I stayed for 1 night I will def. be back the next time I stay in NYC. I only live about 45 mins away but stay often on weekends and this was just perfect. I booked a bounceback weekend rate so the breakfast buffet was included at a rate of $209. A good buffet, typical eggs, french toast, bacon, fruits, cereals, bread, etc. The room and bathroom were a nice size for two people and extremely clean! Everything seemed brand new, including the large plasma tv. The room service was very prompt and accurate and every staff member we encountered was super friendly. I, too, did have a view of where the world Trade Center was. I was just left in awe but didn't feel &quot;depressed&quot; as another review wrote. I am lucky enough to have a family member that survived that terrible ordeal so maybe that is why. There is a ton of construction downtown but didn't hear anything that disupted our night at all. Would def. recommend a stay here.	
Aug 15 2006 	wonderful stay	Stayed here in July and the room was wonderful with great views, bar in the evening very relaxing, sub way just beside us and as a Hilton Gold member complimetary breakfast keep it up Hilton	
Aug 13 2006 	Millenium Hilton-a great business hotel	I stay at this hotel constantly since it incredibley convenient to the Finacial District and I find it a terrific busness hotel. All of my needs are met in terms of health club, pool, bar and restaurant plus the rooms are well maintained, very well equipped and imaculatley clean. The best feature of this hotel is the staff who are universally friendly, helpful and willing to assit with any request. An overlooked apsect of this hotel is its proximity to some fine dinning just a few blocks walk or a short cab ride north to Tribecca, etc.; we found the doorman and concierge a wealth of good referrals!	
Aug 11 2006 	Amazing View!	My husband and I went to the Hilton for our anniversary, and when we checked in we told them. We booked the romance package, including champagne, strawberries and chocolate and full american breakfasts.We arrived on the room and we saw that they upgraded us to the corner, meaning a &quot;mini-suite&quot;, with a small living room plus an amazing bedroom with view on the 23th floor of the hotel looking at the ground zero.We were really happy of the room.Now, for the breakfast I was disappointed that there is only buffet and not a menu!We went for dinner to this amazing &quot;brasserie&quot; two blocks away from the hotel, calling &quot;Les Halles&quot;, we had an excellent dinner for not too expensive!! recommended!!	
Aug 6 2006	Ground Zero vista	Nice price for a 4 star. Worth it to get a city view room, which is an extra $40, but puts you at least 38 floors up. Pool is indoors and on the small side. Plasma TV, clean quiet rooms,kind of small have been newly redone. Super comfy bed, friendly staff. Watch out for the minibar sensor which charges $10 to the room if you open it longer than 30 seconds. They took the charges off no problem. 24 hour roomservice is a bonus. No AAA rates, but reasonable. The view of Ground Zero is dramatic, and directly overlooks it as well as the Hudson River and points west. Definately would stay there again.	
Jul 30 2006 	Less than desirable	We booked our hotel and was quite excited to be able to stay in Manhattan, at a four-star hotel at a Hilton hotel. Prior to check-in we had requested a king size smoking room both on the internet and by the phone. When we finally moved our way through closed streets and quite a bit of construction and got our car parked ($48.00 a day - no in and out), they did have us in a king size room but it was a non-smoking room. Supposedly they did not have a smoking room available but the gentleman at the front desk left us for a few minutes and voila! A smoking room was suddenly available. We got to our room and my husband and I were really excited to see what type of view we would have. We were able to see the Hudson and some of the skyscrapers on the financial district but the main eye-catching site was that of ground zero. It was quite depressing and bone-chilling to look out our window. Wireless internet is available at the hotel. When using the lounge near the front desk, it's $5.95 AN HOUR. In your room, it ranges from $5.95 to $9.95 for a 24 hour period. I have noticed no difference between the $5.95 and the $9.95 service so don't waste your money on the $9.95 option.The room itself is nice. The beds at their sister hotel, Hampton Inn, are a lot more comfortable. The beds have a duvet that covers it with no duvet cover. The plasma television is nice but not that big of a deal. Breakfast is not provided by the restaurant but you are able to order a continental breakfast for $18.00 plus a 15% gratuity and a $4.00 in-room dining charge. There are also no soda vending machines on any floor but you are able to purchase a fountain drink in the lounge for $3.75. It is in a good subway location. There are two subway entrances right across the street and are easily accessible. Beware of walking up Fulton Street towards Broadway or you'll get accousted by all the street vendors selling knock-off merchandise.Overall, I'm not impressed with this 4-star hotel at all. Give me the 2 1/2 star ones any day.	
Jul 28 2006 	Best Stay!	I just returned from an over night stay at the Millenium Hilton and I have to say that it far exceeded my expectations. I did book through a discount website and so it didnt hurt that the room was 50% off of the regular rate. This was the deal of a lifetime. We scored a very spacious corner room with a great view facing north east. We had a great view. The beds were exceptionally comfortable complete with down comforters and pillows. The huge plasma TV was awesome as well. Travellers should know that the west facing side of the building directly faces ground zero. As a New Yorker who lived here during 9/11 I found the location saddening but also felt really good about staying at the hotel and contributing to the rebirth of lower Manhattan. The indoor pool (surrounded by potted palm trees) was fabulous as was the extremely courteous and helpful staff. Truth be told, I didnt want to leave! Two thumbs up!	
