	Amazing Service!	I was so happy with the overall value of this hotel. The service was incredible - the location was awesome - and the rooms were comfy!!! I loved the breakfast in the mornings - great coffee!! The free internet service was extremely helpful.... There was a complimentary bottle of Perseco and chocolates in the room.... Wine at night.. awh....The room was pretty good size - for NY, especially. They offered passes to the gym, but who wants to do that on vacation? I found NO complaints at all with this hotel. We could walk to 30 Rock and to Central Park. Subways are only a few blocks away... and 5th Avenue is only 1 block away! It doesn't get better than that.	
Nov 14 2009 	wonderful	Spent 4 nights at the hotel. At first slightly disappointed in room size (not the 350 sq ft that is advertised) and bathroom was also small. Not a fan of pedestal sinks (put my stuff on the table in the hall next to the bathroom). Also lighting not the best for makeup application. By the end of our stay I thought all this was trivial compared to the yummy healthy breakfasts, afternoon wine and cheese, fabulous service (really nice and helpful staff members), fabulous king size bed (and I'm picky about mattresses), down comforter and pillows, excellent internet service in room, and overall genteel, quiet feel of the hotel. We keep windows open at night and could hear street noise (even from the top floor) but not too bad. Location turned out to be very good. Walked to MOMA and theater, subway close by and basically very central. I didn't want to leave. And yes, would (and will) definitely stay there again.	
Nov 12 2009 	Shabby chic	Enjoyed our stay at the Hotel Elysee. It is conveniently located but being on a side street made hailing a cab a bit more of a challenge. The first night we were there the street noise almost drove me insane but it seemed quieter on the weekend nights. The bed and bedding was lovely. The afternoon wine was nice; breakfast was quite adequate and included. I wish it had had more than one elevator.The Hotel has a European feel to it and some carpets need to be replaced but otherwise it is quite pleasant.	
Nov 1 2009 	Excellent experience in NYC	We came to NYC to celebrate my birthday. The Hotel Elysee provided an excellent experience! The hotel is very welcoming and provides a great atmosphere with a very helpful staff. It was a very nice surprise to find a complementary bottle of wine and chocolates in my room upon arrival, congratulating me on my birthday. There is an excellent eye for detail. I would recommend this hotel to anyone, especially for special occasions or when just you want to enjoy the city!	
Oct 30 2009 	Safe small and feels like being at home away from home.	I have stayed at the Hotel Elysee exclusively for the last 8 years. I love the location and the homey feel to this small hotel. The only downside is the rather small bathrooms. I especially love the daily breakfast served in the living room style common room above the lobby.	
Oct 28 2009 	Loved this place	We spent 7 nights at Hotel Elysee. The room was fantastic, spacious and very comfortable on the 15th floor (I think they upgraded us). Staff were very pleasant and helpful. Breakfast with fresh fruit was a bonus, as was the wine and cheese each Monday to Friday evening (wish they did it on Saturday and Sunday as well). We loved the location and made good use of the subway and our feet. The Monkey Bar was lively and food was good - but there is a lot of good food in NYC (pity about the extra kilos). Our stay was great - and Hotel Elysee made it even better.	
Oct 28 2009 	Lovely staff free use of computer and nice breakfast.	The hotel has a kind of European ambiance-one efficient elevator, small, intimate.	
Oct 15 2009 	Diamond in the rough	Excellent location to central park, shopping on 5th ave., metro stop etcQuaint, cozy, and perfect retreat after the hustle and bustle of Manhattan.	
Oct 15 2009 	Service oriented charm in sweet location with a few snags	NYC room sizes and prices must be taken into account when making an assessment. For what we paid for our room, we could have been at the Ritz in Chicago. POSITIVES:  Our room, while not large, had room for two chairs, two windows that opened, an armoire (w/flat screen), a cabinet-enclosed refrig, a king sized bed--flanked by a desk (with a mirror over it) on one side and an end table at the other. What I loved loved LOVED was how you entered into a foyer that faced a large mirrored, double-doored closet. Once you've entered the room, you could choose to walk a step and half to your right and enter the compact, single-sinked bathroom; or you could turn to your left and walk 3 steps to the threshold of the actual bedroom, which had a helty door. To compensate for the small bathroom size, I avoided shutting the bathroom door and instead closed the bedroom door. In so doing, I had the hallway in front of the closet and the sense of space it provided to add to the bathroom's actual square footage.The bathroom uses its space. Shelves male up for the lack of counter space and the small window makes up for the lack of a fan--pretty much.Another plus is the attention to the guest. We needed assistance when are smoke alarm battery started beeping on evening. My husband called the desk, and gentleman was ringing our doorbell within 3 minutes. He must have run up the stairs. it was like magic how quick he got to our door. And yes, I sid doorbell--a nice touch!The soaps and the lines were well appreciated also.We loved the breakfasts!!! Service providers toasted bagels and bread and cleared away dirty dishes quickly. The convivial atmosphere--couches over looking 54th w/other patrons--made for easy conversation and relaxation. The fresh fruit was fantastic.The wine and cheese was fabulous, and we enjoyed it on the Friday (no saturdy or sunday service).The desk and door personal were swift and unobtrusive.NEGATIVES:1. The internet was totally unreliable. We tried the wireless and the plug-in both. ON occasion we could stream video, but 9 times out of 10 we couldn't get past the browser. Huge Bummer! 2.. The carpets were stained throughout the room--pretty unappealing and unacceptable.3. The mattress is less than luxurious. At best the mattress is acceptable, just about.4. The above three issues make this less than a luxury experience, and the shame is that these are very fixable issues, all things considered.5. The computer in the business center was not helpful as we could not get our boarding passes on it and had to get the front desk to print them. Virus?ALL IN ALL:At over 400 dollars a night plus TAXES, stained carpets and unreliable internet should simply not be issues. A dreamy versus barely acceptable mattress should be a given in this hotel, as well.On the other hand, the Monkey Bar next door was a fun place for a drink and the positives were well appreciated.We opted for a room facing the &quot;quiet&quot; street, and I liked the view and the little bit of light that we really needed. Jack hammers were not appreciated. however.I would stay here again now that i know what to look at and for.My husband is dubious about a repeat visit though.	
Oct 15 2009 	Unexpected Luxury and amazing staff!	My girlfriend chose this hotel for us to meet up in New York. She's from Rome and when we arrived I could see why she chose it. It is very European in appearance and service. The clientele is much older, we are in our mid thirties and I think we were the youngest couple in the entire hotel. I would have chosen a larger hotel like one of the W hotels or the Westin in Times Square. She loved the place from the minute we arrived. We were upgraded to a suite because we were celebrating her birthday. The suite was very large, very traditional. The bed was extremely comfortable and the shower had great water pressure. The desk staff was very helpful and they knew the neighborhood and city very well. They recommended Ben Benson's for steak, it was out of this world. We had theatre tickets the next night and they told us to try Montenapo a new Italian restaurant. The pasta there was absolutely fantastic. They were also very helpful with directions and giving advice, like using the subway to go to Battery Park instead of taking a taxi. The hotel also has the Monkey Bar. We stopped in one night for a drink before we headed out - it was very crowded but we told the host we were guests at the hotel and he went out of his way to find us a table. The bar was fantastic, great cocktails and a great atmosphere. You should see the vintage wall paintings! All in all, we had a great time in New York. Even though I generally don't choose small hotels, I was very pleased with our stay. Already, we are choosing dates to return to the Elysee in January.	
Oct 12 2009 	What a hugh room!	I booked Hotel Elysee because of the other comments. We've only been to NYC one other time, 10 years ago, and stayed at a Sheraton, also in midtown, and had a room we could barely turn around in, plus it was expensive! We were simply floored when we saw our room in the Hotel Elysee. It was probably 20' x 30', with a view on 3 sides (no brick walls); seating area with couch, chairs, coffee table with a live orchid on it. There was also a fireplace, desk and chair, and the best king sized bed ever. The bathroom was also a very nice size with nice amenities. They also have a wonderful breakfast room, with a great continental breakfast. We had just gotten off of the Crown Princess crossing the north Atlantic, and the hotel's pastries were far superior to the ship's. They also serve cookies in the afternoon, and wine and cheese in the evening. All complimentary. The location of the hotel is also great--just north of Park Ave. on N 54th St. Close to everything and in a very nice neighborhood.	
Oct 9 2009 	Terrific boutique hotel	Located in the heart of mid-town Manhattan yet on a quiet block. Great staff, nice continental breakfast. Room was very nice, even though it was at the back of the building, which may have helped to make it even quieter. Very elegant, yet comfortable. Parking was reasonable for NYC at $30/night. We were met at the curb when we arrived and the car was valet parked for us. When we checked out, our car was waiting at the curb for us without our ever saying a word. Awesome service, and the staff knows their stuff about NYC. They were even able to get us tickets to a sold-out Broadway show! The best trip ever to New York!	
Oct 9 2009 	Lovely hotel with capable helpful staff.	Their inclusion of breakfast in the room rates makes for a nice start to the day. We had a very comfortable stay and would book this hotel again.	
Oct 6 2009 	A great choice	Afer much research, we chose The Elysee for an extended stay in New York City. We were not disappointed in any way. Arriving from Melbourne, Australia - a long haul flight of 24 hours, the staff were extremely kind and anticipated and accommodated our needs in every way. We had requested a room with a king sized bed in a quiet part of the hotel and that's what we got. The room was large and the bed very confortable. The breakfast was more than adequate and the cocktail hour drinks a lovely touch. All day beverages, with a 'take away' option was an added bonus. Occasionally, having only one elevator was problematic, but that 'goes with the territory' of an old and small hotel. Staff were professional, always efficient, and always greeted us whenever we left or returned to the hotel. Should we return to New York City, we would choose The Elysee every time.	
Sep 26 2009 	Great value 	I really enjoyed staying at this hotel. It is within walking distance of many attractions &amp; the subway. I stayed for 4 nights with my partner. The service was always friendly, very helpful yet professional. Yes - the lift can be a problem - just catch it on the way up &amp; go for a ride if you don't like to wait ;)	
Sep 23 2009 	Once again faultless	Stayed there for 15 nights and once again was exceptional. Nice rooms, friendly staff, free breakfast and the three-hour 'happy hour' with the free wine and cheese! (although only used it once!).Good location, Bills across the road is worth a pre-meal drink. Nowhere better in New York.	
Sep 23 2009 	Great service and a friendly intimate atmosphere	Truly a boutique hotel with french charm. The staff was helpful, although not super-organized with show information. The breakfast and the daily happy hour in the salon were nice touches. They were also very accommodating with a small board room I needed to use for a conference call before my room was ready.	
Sep 9 2009 	High Praise from Texas	Traveled to NY to attend the US Open &amp; stayed at the Hotel Elysee. The Hotel is elegant with spacious rooms ... however, it's the service that's remarkable! The friendly staff offered maps, gave directions and recommended excellent restaurants. Other guests included US Open participants, family members, and vacationers from Europe &amp; the US. Will definitely stay there on my next NY visit.	
Sep 7 2009 	Elegant charming with great location	Me and my daughter (18) stayed there for 4 nights in august 2009.The hotel was just lovely. So small hotel, but yet big rooms, lovely beds, lots of pillows, and just so elegant and clean. The breakfast was really nice as well, served in some sort of living room type of room (club room) which made it something extra special. The breakfast choices were many and you could chose whether to eat healthy or a bit more &quot;unhealthy&quot;. There were several choices of coffees as well. The Club room was open all day serving coffee, fruits and biscuits. We never were there during the day, but every night we had some cheese and a glass of wine which was included in the price and tasted very nice. The people working there were so polite and helpful, but not personal, and that is how I like it.Location was great. 2 minutes walk to 5. ave, 5 minutes to Central park or Rockefeller Center. Time Square also just some blocks away.I had read some complaints about the elevator/lift and thought that then I could just use the stairs. I wasn't aware that in US hotels you are not allowed to use the stairs, so I actually see the elevator-point. We always had to wait. It didn't matter because we were there for leisure, but it might have been a bit annoying if we were in a hurry. The only other thing on the down side was the AC which was quite noisy in our room.But I will definitely return to this hotel next time in NYC. I have already recommended it to several others.	
Sep 3 2009 	Fabulous Hotel close to 5th Avenue	This was a really wonderful hotel located very close to fifth avenue. It is located between fifth avenue and park avenue! Not only was it in a great location, it was also a wonderful hotel. Upon walking in to the hotel, the staff were all very friendly and accommodating. Our room did not become available to us until an hour after the normal check in period and the front desk apologized profusely as well as provided us with a complimentary bottle of wine and chocolates. In addition, the room was very clean and nice. There was a little mini bar, refrigerator, and microwave in the room. In addition, there was a wonderful breakfast everyone morning and little snacks provided in the afternoon. It was a really great hotel and we would definitely stay there again!! In addition, there was a fabulous little Italian restaurant right across the street from the hotel. Definitely try it out one night! And definitely stay at this hotel!!! :)	
Sep 1 2009 	A fantastic place to stay in NYC	We returned to the Elysee this time with our 22 month old son. The room, staff, service and club room facilities were all excellent. The hotel staff arranged a baby sitter and put our minds at rest about travelling with a toddler. The hotel has a very personal feel to it and everyone ws very helpful and friendly. The hairdryer in my room didn't work but was replaced within minutes of informing house keeping. The staff sorted out any minor issues quickly and efficently and were happy to book and recommend restaurants or take aways. We had a fantastic NYC experience with thanks to the Elysee and our lovely friends who got married on our trip- also staying at the Elysee. Breakfast and evening nibbles and wine in the club room were fantastic. All round excellent hotel for quality service and relaxed friendly atmosphere. We will return!!	
Aug 30 2009 	My favorite NYC hotel!	I live in Asia and only get to NYC about once a year, but I try to only stay at the Elysee. The location is great, the staff is friendly and welcomes me back. The rooms are charming and it's not that big hotel chain feel. No walking for miles down a long hallway or waiting hours for room service. I hear the Monkey Bar and restaurant have been updated again and can't wait to get back this October. The second floor lounge for the complimentary breakfast or a glass of wine in the evening is a welcome respite from the noise and rush of the city.	
Aug 29 2009 	Soundproofing needed!	As stated in all reviews, there is an old world feel and lovely reception room, but the primary service of a hotel should be to provide a good night's sleep. Hotel Elysee should invest in more sound proof windows as New York is a city that never sleeps and neither did I! Rooms in the front of the hotel hear the constant noise of traffic, trucks unloading and garbage pickup throughout the night. The air conditioning units within the rooms are also extremely noisy. I am very surprised that no one mentions this in the many reviews of this hotel. The rooms in the back of the hotel have the constant noise of the air conditioning machinery of neighboring buildings as well as having no view whatsoever. I had very high expectations for our stay at this hotel and was disappointed.	
Aug 28 2009 	Nice hotel but nothing special	The hotel is in a more expensive area of town (not far from Rockerfeller Center, Times Square). It is not modern but clean and generally well kept. The free breakfast was a plus, although one sealed box of cereal was full of bugs and the racist comments from another guest soured the experience a bit. There is one computer with internet access in the guest lounge for general use. Our room was spacious by NY standards but dark. The airconditioning was relatively quiet and a life saver with over 90 degrees outside. Although hotel guests have access to a sports center, this is not in the hotel itself. Most of the guests were older than us by some years.	
Aug 25 2009 	great location best staff quiet oasis in NY!	After researching hotels online, decided to book here. What a great find--a quiet oasis in NY. Large suite plenty of room for 2 adults, 1 teen, and 1 child. The room was more of an apartment than anything with an old world style--beautiful. A real NY-feel: a doorman whose name we knew and front desk workers who not only guided us to restaurants, sites, etc., but asked later how we liked them. Price includes breakfast--a real deal and convenience.	
Aug 21 2009 	Absolutely lovely!!! We will return!!!	We kicked off our honeymoon at Hotel Elysee. A beautiful 2 day stay before going on to Mexico. We were upgraded to a superior suite which was larger than my old NYC 1.5 BR co-op. The staff was lovely, the accomodations impeccable. I really wanted to take the bed home with me, it was so deliciously comfortable. Guests were subdued and well-mannered. The sitting room/breakfast area is very nice. The continental breakfast offers a nice variety of fresh fruit salad, cereal, breads, baked goods tea and coffee.I am a very fussy traveler and am not easily impressed or pleased. We live in the NY region and will certainly return for special &quot;staycations.&quot;	
Aug 15 2009 	Another wonderful stay at the Hotel Elysee	This was my 4th stay at the Hotel Elysee and it will not be my last. The staff is absolutely wonderful. They are all so friendly and they cannot do enough for you. My room was immaculate and very quiet. I love the upscale continental breakfast in the morning and the wine, champagne, cheese and crackers reception every day at 5:00 p.m. I will be back soon!	
Aug 11 2009 	A real Gem!	This is a beautiful, small and elegant hotel. It has all your needs covered in Midtown. The staff was friendly, and yet professional. The breakfast was very well laid out, and so was the wine and cheese. I would recommend this hotel to the fussiest traveller.The rooms were clean, and large. The bed was very comfortable. This hotel is the best kept secret in town. I will be sure to stay there on the next trip in New York.	
Aug 10 2009 	Loved this hotel!	Location is great, staff representatives were beyond gracious &amp; accommodating. I happen to prefer an older property with personality &amp; character. If you want modern everything with 100% sound-proofing, this is not the hotel for you. But if you want the feel &amp; experience of a small, thoughtful, European-style boutique hotel, look no further. Complementary continental breakfast, newspapers, afternoon snacks and happy hour save much needed money in NYC.	
Aug 10 2009 	Great Hotel	I, just, spent three nights at Elysee Hotel. Few years back I had a reservation at this hotel and a family emergency came up where I had to cancel my booking within 24 hours and they were so gracious about it that I decided, in my next trip to NY, I will stay at this hotel.I travel a lot so I will quickly give my opinion of the hotel.Arrival - the lobby is tiny .. they do not have a concierge but the front desk staff helps you .. check in was quick .. they have only one elevator so sometimes you have to wait.Room .. I got a room that was right next to the elevator .. I am talking really right next .. but I was not bothered by any noise during the stay. The room was small .. air conditioning did not work and I had the repairman up to my room few times .. not an issue .. he always came back when he said he would and, eventually, it was fixed. The TV is so so .. do not have any movie channels like most hotels .. puts out a tremendous amount of heat. Internet .. free .. which is great.Bathroom .. very small .. reminds me of European hotels .. I kept on banging my head against the wall everytime I got up after using the toilet .. towels are nice and thick .. amenities are OK.Maid Service .. fantastic .. efficient.There is a very nice lounge on the 2nd floor for guest use .. Complimentary breakfast ( all carbs so no use for someone like me and can get quite crowded where you may not have a place to sit ) and wine in the afternoon. Nice place to sit and read during other times.Location of the hotel .. fabulous .. everything within walking distance.Will I come back? Absolutely .. Other info .. the best car service from JFK .. Golden Class Limo [--] .. $50 .. with gratuity and toll it is $ 65.50 .. that is the cheapest I found .. I used them 3 times and they were great.	
Aug 5 2009 	A great New York City experience	I have worked in NYC for over 20 years but I have been a commuter and I have never stayed in a hotel (with friends yes, but never in a hotel) so I decided to treat myself and my teenage daughter to a 2 night stay while my daughter was taking a one week intensive class on the east side. We chose Hotel Elysee because it was near to the school that she was attending and it was a great choice. It is a small boutique hotel with lots of amenities, including breakfast, late afternoon snacks and wine and coffee and cookies. Since I know my way around, I did not have to take advantage of concierge or front desk, but I did overhear the young men at the desk and they were taking excellent care with the tourists. The room was very large and exceptionally clean and luckily the air conditioning was full blast since it was scorching hot outside. The hotel is very conveniently located and in a great neighborhood, easy to get to from the theater district and lots of good restaurants on the east side nearby. While my daughter was in class, I needed to do some work and I easily got internet access in the room. The only issue I would raise, and it is a small point, is that they claim to provide a blow dryer in the room but it was more like a vacuum hose attached to the bathroom wall with very little air coming out, so ladies, if you have thick hair like I do, bring your own blowdryer. Otherwise it was a great find.	
Jul 28 2009 	Perfect boutique hotel in a perfect location!	I had a fabulous one week stay at the Hotel Elysee in April 09. This isn't the biggest hotel in NYC but it has a lot of character and elegance. I shared a twin room with my mother and we both had beautiful and comfortable queen size beds. The rooms aren't huge, but it's what you get in Manhattan. The breakfast is simple but filling, and they serve canapes between 5pm to 8pm including champagne and wine! You can also get tea, coffee and biscuits throughout the day. The service was fabulous and they really make you feel special. There is only one thing I hated about this hotel and that was there was only one lift and it was incredibly slow, some times it can take up to 10 minutes to even get in and down to the lobby. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone wanting a central hotel in Manhattan with class and elegance that isn't outrageously expensive.	
Jul 25 2009 	Wonderful Staff	I wouldn't say this is the perfect hotel for children, but I will say that the staff was very friendly and wonderful to my two small children( ages 2 and 7) and made us feel very welcome. We accompanied my husband on a business trip to NYC and stayed at the hotel for 4 nights. Being by myself the majority of the time, I was very thankful to have so many wonderful people assist me with finding activities to do, child-friendly places to eat, and getting us a taxi any time we needed.  There is a great continental breakfast every morning, wine and hors d'oeuvres throughout the day, and cookies at night. There was usually staff in the breakfast room to help with anything special request (like warm milk before bed) and even helped me get the kids breakfast in the morning. The rooms were small, but very clean and cozy.  We were able to walk from the hotel to many attractions. A short walk away is the American Girl Store, F.A.O. Schwartz, Central Park, and lots of shopping. We also walked to Central Park and went ice-skating, took a ride on the carousel, and went on a horse-drawn carriage ride in central park. All in all, we had a lovely trip and would be happy to stay at Hotel Elysee again.	
Jul 14 2009 	Friendly Hotel in the heart of mid town	Stayed 7 nights at the Hotel Elysee and had a great vacation. We had never been to New York before, so was unsure what to expect but was glad to be welcomed by a very friendly and accommodating staff. Our room was larger then we expected, not much of a view, but we didn't come to New York to look out our window. Room was clean, but maybe a little tired, but was obviously attended too regularly. In fact the hair dryer in the bathroom was broken when we arrived, and although we never complained about it, it was fixed a day later (Obviously one of the cleaning staff noticed it and made sure it was taken care of).The only thing that was a bit of an annoyance was the elevator; it was very slow, especially during busy times, and the stairs where not accessible as another option (security reasons).The Hotel is in a great location. 10 min walk to Central park, Rockefeller Centre and Times Square, also easy access to the Subway. The hotel was also close to some great restaurants and shopping.The Hotel also had a great lounge area, which was a nice and quiet place to relax after a long day touring.We would gladly stay here again and recommend it to any of our friends.	
Jul 14 2009 	The Hotel Elysee is an elegant haven in a bustling Manhattan environment.	This is a very special hotel, elegant, sophisticated and spendidly quiet. In the heart of Manhattan, it feels as if yoiu are in the country. The breakfast and cocktail hour are extremely well done in a very relaxing and pleasureable environment.My wife and I olved the hotel and plan to stay there whenever we are in the area.Covenient access to the Theater Distric shopping and business sites, it is ideally located in Manhattan. Staff is very attentive, intelligent andattentive and well trained.Have stayed there several times and it is always a unique and lovely experience.	
Jul 13 2009 	Hotel Elysee is a calm oasis in a bustling city	After a great deal of research on multiple sites, I chose the Hotel Elysee for a brief visit in NYC with my teenage daughter because all the reviews were so positive and because it was in an ideal location for sightseeing and shopping. From first talking to the pleasant receptionist making the phone reservations, to the helpful attendant at the curb who took our bags and parked the car, to the lovely people at the reception desk, everyone at this hotel was extremely welcoming and gracious. Our room was very comfortable, spotlessly clean and beautifully appointed. At cocktail hour we were offered a delicious selection of cheeses and crudités as well as wine and fruit juice, and the complimentary breakfast had everything from fresh fruit and yogurt or cereal to muffins and croissants with cappuccino and juice. Initially I had considered staying at one of the larger five star hotels, but the Hotel Elysee turned out to be this lovely, quiet retreat just step from city's bustling sidewalks. I look forward to returning. It will be the only place I stay in NYC.	
Jul 9 2009 	Lovely small hotel	We have stayed at the Hotel Elysee on two consecutive trips to New York and were delighted both times. The rooms are spotless, well-appointed and cozy, and the street is a very quiet one. On our second stay we even had a large balcony outside our room, which is such a treat in NYC. The upper-midtown location is great, close enough to the park for a morning run or afternoon stroll (and close to Norma's in case you decide on a mega-breakfast, although the free breakfast provided at the hotel is pretty nice too). Service is efficient and gracious. We will definitely stay here again any time we are lucky enough to be in NYC.	
Jul 7 2009 	As I had expected	I reviewed several comments about NY hotels in this web and finally I decided to book for 6 days in this hotel as the first stop of my honeymoon.I choose the room with the Queen size bed and the breakfast and I found what I expected: a great room, silent -and it was next to the elevator- beatiful, a helpful staff and a conforting place to rest between our daytrips. Besides, it is placed in the 54th with Madison Avenue, in a walking distance of the MOMA; the subway, Fith Avenue and Central Park,...Although it was not cheap, the hotel was worth the price payed and if I had to come back to NY I would surely repeat.	
Jul 5 2009 	Gracious Staff; Elegant Setting	Location is ideal; staff works at making one feel welcome and rooms warm and comfortable.	
Jul 3 2009 	Exceptional bargain in an exceptional location in an expensive city	The hotel was fabulous and very service oriented. I understand now why it gets such high marks. The staff were exceptionally accommodating and friendly. The rooms were beautiful and well appointed, CLEAN, not noisy, and with all manner of conveniences. I am VERY particulary and fussy about my accommodations, and I could find no fault with this hotel. The free breakfast was luscious and diverse. The evening wine and cheese is not to be missed. The price, given the plush accommodations, prime location, and level of service, is a STEAL!! Location was central to all of our extensive sightseeing excursions. I will stay here again. SandyTexas, USA	
Jul 2 2009 	What a lovely hotel	We stayed at the Elysee in June for one night only, but had already booked a 5 night stay for October. I was relieved to find that the Elysee is a gem and we look forward to our return. The reception and lobby are attractive and welcoming, the reception staff very pleasant and efficient, if a little formal. A special mention for the doormen, who are delightful. Our room on the 7th floor was lovely, very pretty in pale blue and white with a good size bathroom and there is a nightly turn-down service. We had a partial view of the road outside, and at night there was the usual NYC noise. Some may have found the noise of the dustcarts a bit much, but we don't mind the noise of a city so it didn't bother us. We had a lot of trouble finding the club room, but when we did locate it we found it very comfortable, and it was nice to be able to help ourselves to coffee and biscuits etc when we wanted to. The breakfast was more than adequate, and front desk staff gave us excellent advice on local restaurants for dinner. All in all I found this a lovely hotel which I would have no hesitation in recommending.	
Jun 30 2009 	I recommend it!	We took a family vacation to NYC to see the sights, choose this hotel based on location and amenities. Loved the location, walking distance to Central Park, shopping on 5th Avenue, Rockefeller Center, Times Square, Grand Central Station. Of course, it seems you can be anywhere in Manhattan within 15 minutes on the subways..We wanted to be away from the crowds in Times Square, yet close to everything and this hotel fit the bill. PROS1) Great location2) Nice coffee bar/cold breakfast items in the Club Room, part of the hotel room cost3) Wine/snacks in the late afternoon/evening in the Club Room, also part of the room cost4) Staff were very nice/helpful5) Overall great valueCONS1) Older hotel, with 1 slow elevator2) Had to ask for an extra blanket 4 times over 2 days before one was finally delivered. Weird, considering the rest of the service was great. I've seen other posts about this....?NYC was great and we are looking forward to going back! Also, if you get a chance to see &quot;9 to 5&quot; on Broadway, see it! We saw it as a fluke and wasn't expecting much (wanted to see Wicked or Mama Mia), and LOVED it!	
Jun 27 2009 	Wonderful small hotel in Midtown East	Hotel Elysee is a wonderful hotel. Our suite and delux room were clean and comfortable. The suite was quite large - close to 600 sf and the delux room was about 400 sf. The amenities were very good as well - afternoon snacks with tea and coffee in the club room and free bottles of water and chocolate in the room. The bathrooms were spacious (and certainly were spacious for New York). The front desk is helpful and knowledgeable. The location is excellent - East 54th between Park and Madison. We would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 26 2009 	The Elevator Smells as Musty as the Burial Vault of the Great Pyramid . . .	And the rest of the hotel is not much better. Room trimmings are ancient. Desks and chairs are tiny. TV is old. No working wireless Internet for the entire stay, despite the fact that I specifically requested it before booking. The front desk even had the temerity to suggest, unhelpfully, that I do my computing at the hotel &quot;business center,&quot; which turned out to be a single, small PC on a desk in the happy hour lounge, with 3 or 4 people waiting in line to use it. As if this was going to allow me to get my work done. The lobby is cold, as in unwelcoming, and there is no full breakfast. I.e., even if you want bacon and eggs in the room, the most you'll get is a hardboiled egg and a bagel (brought up to you from the happy hour lounge). This is one of the poorer small-scale NYC hotels I have stayed at.	
Jun 26 2009 	Beautiful and Romantic	This place was beautiful. The front desk was nice but not in the way. Free happy hour w/ wine and crackers was nothing special. Best hotel I've stayed in and definitely worth every cent. Great location - esp if going to an event @ MSG as we were.	
Jun 18 2009 	NYC hotel bullseye!	I almost hate to reveal this hotel treasure to more people because it may mean I won't be able to get another reservation myself, but high quality should always be promoted. 15 floors, only 7 rooms per floor, an ideal location (54th between Madison and Park). When we stayed here in March my wife and I were in a double room with a walkout terrace (in NY? yes!): good size, comfortable. This week we took our 12 yr old granddaughter and stayed in a suite where she had the huge living room with the convertible sofa and we had the bedroom, both rooms with doors so we all had privacy. Generous continental breakfast and afternoon wine/cheese/crackers are free in a lovely lounge on the 2nd floor. Staff is very friendly, helpful and responsive (a clogged sink drain was fixed in a few hours). Only negatives are poor lighting in the bathroom and a single pc (as opposed to 2 or 3) in the lounge for those of us without laptops, I Phones or Blackberries.	
Jun 15 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location Great Bagels!	Just returned from a three night stay at the Hotel Elysee. We were in NYC for a family wedding and chose here due to it's location and TA reviews.We travelled with our six month old and were made more than welcome. Facilities were just what needed, good size rooms for NYC and plenty of storage for all our baby 'stuff'.The complementary breakfast was always well received, especially when being woken at 5am! The bagels were my favourite, but other 'continental style' offerings were available.We didn't get chance to sample the cheese and wine in the evenings as we were always out, but talking to other guests during or stay we missed out.Only problem during our stay was a loss of WiFi for a day or two. Shame as otherwise 100% perfect.Overall great place to stay, will hopefully be back again sometime soon.	
Jun 11 2009 	comfy bed lovely staff great location	We stayed for a week at Hotel Elysee and it was on the whole a great experience! We had a large room but it was really dark and had no view at all so it was a bit claustrophobic - and I mean NO view - just obscured glass onto what must be an internal yard full of air conditioners! Having said that the bed was really comfy and large and the staff couldn't have been nicer.Breakfast is great but go early, take your own laptop - the queue for the computer will drive you mad and the evening cheese and wine is a lovely affair. The Monkey Bar and the hotel sit a bit oddly - I don't think they really share much expect the building - prepare for a bit of snobbishness on the door - (not the doorman he's lovely!) the receptionsist/greeters - we were told it was closed at 10.45pm only for another greeter to say it was ok for us to go in - the bar wasn't in any way, shape or form closing! Once you;ve run the gamut of the superstyled staff - and you'll be glad you did - it really is a lovely bar - very atmospheric.i wouldn't say it was really a boutique hotel - it's comfy and well located though. All in all a great base to enjoy the city from!	
Jun 10 2009 	Central location reasonably priced (by NYC standards) excellent service	Just got back from a week-long stay at the Hotel Elysee. We took advantage of their &quot;recession special&quot; and booked the week for $280/night. Not bad (for New York standards, that is) and for what you get. In addition to beautiful decor and an amazingly comfortable bed, additional perks include free wifi, a better-than-average continental breakfast (with hot oatmeal, fruit and bagels) and an afternoon wine and cheese soiree (Mon-Fri). The staff was also first rate. When the Yankees game we bought tickets for got rained out, their concierge helped us figure out our options, who to contact, how to exchange the tickets, etc. (Thanks Ashley!!). It's centrally located, and only a few blocks to Central Park, MOMA, the Guggenheim and Times Square. We've been gone only a few days and we miss it already. We'll definitely go back.	
Jun 10 2009 	Wonderful Stay!	Stayed here for a weekend with my significant other and could not have been happier with the staff, the location and the service! It was the perfect jump off spot for us to explore, being in such close proximity to everything that we wanted to see. All the recommendations for restaurants from the front desk were spot on. The happy hour on friday night was a great way to relax and meet other guests, and the staff would walk around offering to refill your wine glass if they saw it empty. The continental breakfast was also very good and plentiful. We stayed in a deluxe room, and found it to be very comfortable, clean and large for nyc standards. The bed was incredibly comfortable and the shower pressure was amazing! We stayed on the 7th floor in a room at the front of the hotel, and we never had a problem with street noise. We plan on returning in the near future!	
Jun 2 2009 	Wonderful place to celebrate our wedding anniversary!	We had a fantastic experience here from start to finish. All of the staff were wonderful, and the daily continental breakfast was really great. We were upgraded to a lovely suite upon arrival, and found a chilled bottle of prosecco and some chocolates waiting in our room. We would stay at Hotel Elysee again in a New York minute. The hotel is in a very nice neighborhood within easy walking distance of the theater district, Rockefeller Center and Central Park. We also had lunch across the street at Bill's, and that was great too. In this wonderful hotel we got exactly the botique hotel experience we were hoping for. Highly recommended!	
Jun 1 2009 	Good location very friendly staff	Enjoyed the stay. As I understand all the rooms are different. Mine was large but very dark. I spent most of my down time in the lounge which had many sofas and chairs, as well as a library and computer. Courtesy happy hour and courtesy breakfast is a great addition to the stay. This was nice to meet and talk to other people also. I will stay again.	
May 28 2009 	Great location for exploring New York	This is a comfortable and reasonably priced hotel in one of the most expensive areas of New York. It's a terrific location for seeing the best the NYC has to offer: Central Park, MoMA, Metropolitan Museum of Art, theatre district, Empire State Building, etc. etc. are all within easy walking distance. If you are into shopping (which I'm not) it doesn't get any better than this: Saks, Macy's, Bloomingdale's, Cartier, etc are all within a few blocks. Subway and bus access to the financial district is easy as pie, and it's nice to come back to a quiet side street in the evening to enjoy the complimentary wine and cheese (Mon-Fri). A good continental breakfast is also included and there are some excellent local bistros in the neighbourhood so you don't have to search to find good food at night. The famous Monkey Bar is part of the hotel if you are into star-gazing and expensive cocktails. All in all a great choice for a leisure trip.	
May 28 2009 	Pluses and minuses	We chose the Elysee for a 5-night stay in NY after reading Tripadvisor reports and considering loads of different mid-town hotels. Overall we were pleased with our choice and would stay there again. The location was great ; we tend to walk everywhere but also used the nearby subway.On the plus side, we prefer smaller boutique type hotels and this fitted the bill. We loved the club room and the traditional decor with antiques and sofas. The breakfasts were excellent as were the evening drinks and cheese and it was really nice to be able to pop in for a cup of tea or coffee at any time during the day or evening. We don't travel with a laptop and it was also very helpful being able to use the computer there.On the minus side, our room was at the back and had a very unpleasant view over walls and a/c systems (but it was quiet and we slept very well). If we stayed there again I would ask for a room which was at the front. While it looked as if the room and certainly the bathroom had been recently refurbished, the carpet didn't seem very clean and there was a hole in the bed valance. The a/c system was OK but we needed to put the fan on and that was quite noisy. The room was adequate in size but not spacious. Unlike most other hotels we've stayed in the US the lighting was good. Also unlike many minimalist hotel rooms, there was lots of wardrobe space and drawers to put away clothes and belongings. Daily bottles of water and a refrigerator were a nice touch.The reception staff were polite and efficient although not particularly friendly while I agree with another reviewer who commented on the excellent clubroom staff.	
May 26 2009 	Looking out over a steam vent	We are frequent visitors to NYC. We travel often and have stayed in many, many hotels. We chose the Elysee over the other hundreds of possibles, due to Tip Adviser and guide books.We booked our room well in advance for a six day stay. We were unpleasantly surprised when we got to our room. The front desk person told us this room was in the back of the hotel, quiet and would not have the street noise that is a problem in Manhattan. This appeals to us. We saw that we were indeed in the back of the hotel, where both the view and our auditory experience were steam vents and hotel structure motors. Motor noise from the vents was constant...seriously, constant. Our room was quite dark, with poor lighting, as well. So much for ambiance. It was very hot in the room, and our air conditioner made loud noises and inconsistent rumbles. It froze up and stopped working if we tried to keep it running. It was too noisy to open the window, due to the motors outside the window. I would not stay here in the summer.Our phone did not work to call the front desk or to get a dial tone. The mattress needs replacing...we rolled to the middle.Note that the hair dryers are from the &quot;less is more&quot; era. Bring your own. The shower was wonderful. Wireless internet worked well.Information from the front desk staff was incorrect, yet offered with a bit of arrogance. Those folks looked nice and wore great suits. Bell staff was excellent. Room was clean and cleaning staff were great.Breakfast was ample, good variety, with a consistently excellent and attentive staff. The staff in the club room where breakfast was served was the best I've seen anywhere.	
May 25 2009 	Boutique at its best in Midtown East.	Lovely hotel in a perfect location. 10 minute walk to GCS and Central Park. 6 train is just around the corner on Park and 53rd and makes accessing SoHo, the Brooklyn bridge and the Upper East side a breeze. Hotel staff are personable, courteous and helpful. I took my niece for her 10th Birthday and there was a gift waiting for her when we arrived in our QUIET room on the 15th floor. Our bathroom was not big, but better than most Manhattan hotels ( at least twice the size of a bathroom at the Roosevelt) and it has a window that opens up to a view of Park Ave. We did not have to wait for hot water, even though we were on the 15th floor. Loved the breakfast, fresh fruit salad (not in syrup), croissants, bagels, muffins, boiled eggs, etc. Prosecco was lovely to come &quot;home&quot; to after a long day in the city. My niece had choices of fresh juices and loved the cheese as well. Great restaurants within 30 seconds or 10 minutes (by foot) of the lobby (in heels I might add). The one thing I would mention as a minor inconvenience is the noise the A/C makes. However, the A/C worked well, the room stayed cool and we slept through the nights.I stayed at the Roosevelt last year and even though it has a grand, beautiful Lobby/Foyer, that is about as far as it goes. The Elysee has charm, character and a relaxed atmosphere and its guests are treated as a someone, not a digit. Thank you for a lovely stay with perfect weather, we will return.	
May 19 2009	The perfect choice...I will be back.	My experience with the Hotel Elysee was perfect from the first phone call to make reservations to the final goodbye as we left for the airport. My mother and I spent four nights at the Elysee last week for a mother daughter trip to check one of the things off mom's &quot;bucket list&quot;. I did all the planning for the trip and had my eye on this hotel for a while before booking. It turned out to be the perfect choice for us. We booked a double room, which was very spacious with two full size beds, a large closet and marble bathroom. We were on floor 12A and though we could occasionally hear noise from the street below it was never a distraction.We loved the ambiance of the hotel, enjoyed the breakfast and wine hours and found the entire staff friendly and professional. The decor was very attractive and the bedding was wonderful. I am not a great sleeper in general but had great nights sleep on the comfy bed. It is true that there is only one elevator in the hotel and that at peak times it can be a bit slow, but we never had a problem getting where we needed to be when we needed to be there. We found the location to be just perfect for our needs. We came in quite late following shows several nights and never felt uncomfortable being two women out and about on our own. The staff always greeted us warmly upon our return and were attentive to our questions and needs.We enjoyed meeting our fellow travelers in the lounge each day, a wonderful mix of folks of all ages and from many countries. We did not see any children during our visit, but noticed several multigenerational groups enjoying their time together in the lounge.There are a number of restaurants and bars in the area. We made use of the convenience store across the street for it's sandwiches and salad bar, which always seemed fresh and were reasonably priced.I will certainly stay at the Hotel Elysee again, I am already planning a return trip, still so much to see and do. The Hotel Elysee is the perfect home base from which to do it.	
May 12 2009	Exceptional Experience	My mother, my sisters and I met in New York for our annual &quot;girls weekend.&quot; I had stayed at the Hotel Giraffe before and thoroughly enjoyed it. At the time, I had heard about the Hotel Elysee but they were completely booked. Getting four ladies to agree on where to stay can be a challenge. Prior to our visit, I must say, I heard a bit of grumbling about why would one stay in a small hotel but within the first few minutes of our arrival everyone was in total awe. The service is warm, friendly, courteous and very sincere. You arrive and are welcomed like a returning, valued guest. It did remind me of my favorite hotels in Europe.We had flown in early in the day and we were able to get use of one room right away. We were encouraged to enjoy breakfast before starting out. The rooms were gorgeous and very comfortable. The location gave us walking access to MoMA, shopping and the park. The Monkey Bar definitely deserves its reputation as the place to be. I expect my mom is telling everyone about meeting Graydon Carter (he was very gracious) who was at the table beside us. After a day of walking, it was wonderful to go to the lounge and enjoy tea. Friday evening, we also enjoyed wine and cheese before heading out. Breakfast, afternoon snacks and evening refreshments were all included in the room rate (which is very reasonable).The Hotel Elysee was very much a part of making our weekend a treasured memory.	
May 5 2009 	The best value hotel in New York	So hard to believe we were in the middle of a bustling city like New York, the rooms wre quiet and very comfortable. The hotel offers great value for money, the breakfasts were wonderful, the evening drinks and 'nibbles' more so! A great friendly front desk staff who couldn't be more helpful, especially when my wife broke her glasses and unlike me had not brought a spare pair.	
May 5 2009 	A real oasis in bustling New York.	When we booked Hotel Elysée we had told them we were spending a few days in New York to celebrate our 40th Wedding Anniversary. As soon as we gave our names to the receptionist he wished us a Happy Anniversary and told us we were just in time for a glass of champagne and cheese – a very relaxing start to our New York trip. Hotel Elysée was small by New York standards but our room (143 on the 14th floor) was large and beautifully furnished and also had a large hallway/come dressing area and a luxurious spotlessly clean bathroom. We also had a terrace over-looking 54th street where it was very pleasant to sit outside with the free cookies and coffee after a day’s sight seeing. Standing on a small block on a one-way street on 54th street the room was also fairly quiet. The free breakfast with daily newspapers was a relaxing way to start the day and cocktails and hor d’oeuvres (Monday to Friday) were very nice before going out for the evening. Coffee and cookies were also free all day. The hotel is in a very safe area and in a good position for sight seeing or shopping with at least 4 restaurants just across the road. All the staff we met were very pleasant and extremely helpful. Their website is very accurate both in descriptions of the hotel and distances to local attractions. Not only a great place to stay in the centre of New York but out of 5 hotels we stayed in during our recent trip to the USA it is the only hotel which has contacted us to ask if we enjoyed our stay. We would certainly love to stay there on our next visit to New York and would have no hesitation in recommending it to anyone who is looking for a memorable stay in New York.	
May 5 2009 	Wonderful base for visiting NYC elegant but laid-back	We stayed at the Elysée for 8 nights attending a series of operas at the Met and celebrating my 30th birthday. We wanted to have a relaxing time in NYC and the Elysée was just perfect for us.Upon arrival we received a complimentary upgrade to a great suite (#73), which featured a living room with sofas, armchairs and a desk, a bedroom, marble bath, and even a lovely sunroom. The room was elegantly furnished and very quiet.The European breakfast buffet offered daily in the club-room was excellent and plentiful and the staff did a great job replenishing the buffet and keeping everything clean even at times when it got very busy.Altogether, we found the Elysée a unique combination of elegance and coziness, at the same time very laid-back, definitely a very romantic place to stay in NYC, being perfectly located in Midtown Manhattan.It's true that there is only one elevator and that we had to wait a bit at times, but then this fit well with the laid-back ambience - entering the Elysée from the busy streets of Manhattan will slow you down, it doesn't seem to be made for the rushed business traveller (even though there is free high-speed internet), nor for those seeking a buzzing, trendy place.We will definitely return.	
May 4 2009 	Cosy European style hotel with loads of ambience	We spent 15 years in Europe and this reminds me of the warm and charming hotels we stayed in. Lots of charm with old world antiques. A lovely breakfast area which also serves as a wonderful happy hour location during the week. The staff is extremely helpful and the location can't be beat. A nice safe area to be in and easy acess to the subways for traveling farther afield. There are terrific restaurants nearby and within walking distance to the theatres. A perfect place for all kinds of get aways!!!	
Apr 29 2009 	Feels like home!	We love this hotel! It's a boutique hotel with a terrific location. The staff makes you feel like family and they take great care of you. The room itself is spacious for NYC. It had a separate dressing area and is quiet and comfortable. The bathroom is updated and has nice amenities. The best part of the hotel is their club room that feels like a big living room. They serve a good continental breakfast and have drinks and snacks starting at 5pm. You can also stop in after coming in for the evening for late coffee and cookies. It gives you a chance to meet other guests at the hotels and make new friends. We love this place and would definitely return again and again.	
Apr 23 2009 	Alternative to the big hotels in Manhattan	This hotel gets fantastic ratings on Trip Advisor and seems to be very popular with Europeans. The included breakfast makes starting your day very easy--provided you don't need a hot meal. There is only one elevator and it is SLOW. Take the steps or spend a lot of time waiting. There is a lot of street noise on the 54th St. side of the hotel. Request a room in the back. There is a lot of noise from rooms above including rushing water from bathrooms. We have no idea what to do about that!	
Apr 20 2009 	Great location 	Excellent location in NY. Large room, comfortable bed. Great personal service with breakfast included. Wine &amp; cheese a wonderful idea providing a well-earned break for the feet! Would recomend to any traveller.	
Apr 17 2009 	A Terrific Value	The Elysee is a wonderful hotel. Intimate, European style. Excellent staff. Great breakfast room. Comfortable and large (for New York) room. (The bed was a little soft for me, but I'm told that there are rooms with more firm beds.) Modest price. Great value. Excellent location for us: MOMA and the theater district.	
Apr 14 2009 	Cozy boutique hotel in perfect location.	We spent one night with our children, aged 10+. The staff was very helpful, friendly and efficient. We had two rooms on 4th floor facing 54th street, which were large and lovely. We tloved the easy accesibility to the street (no long elevator waits like in large hotels.) The continental breakfast was delicious and plentiful. We enjoyed returning after a long day, to the 2nd floor club lounge to relax with tea and cookies and classical music while watching the people walk down 54th street. The location is wonderful...easy walk to Central Park, MAdison Ave shopping, MOMA, Rockefeller Center. There were numerous terrific eating options only steps away, from elegant dining to awesome street vendors and take out buffet on the corner. We will definitely return!There seemed to be many European guests, which was interesting for our children to hear. We didn't see any small children. Although our children were perfectly comfortable and made to feel welcome, I myself wouldn't have felt comfortable bringing small noisy children, because there seemed to be mostly adult guests.	
Apr 14 2009 	Perfect stay!	We were recommended this hotel by a friend who lives in NYC and so I booked this hotel for our final night on a holiday to USA, we had spent a week in DC seeing the sights and were tired and sore when we arrived at Elysee on the Thursday from our train journey up from DC. On check in we were overjoyed to have been upgraded to a Suite on the 15th Floor, I had emailed ahead to tell the hotel that we were celebrating our anniversary during the trip and can only imagine that this is why they were kind enough to upgrade us.. it was much appreciated and made the stay even more perfect. We had a beautiful suite which was bigger than our house in the UK! so no complaints at all from us on the accommodation. It was spotlessly clean and in excellent condition. The staff were very professional and courteous and communal areas clean and well kept. Lounge on 2nd Floor very well appointed and comfortable and a good place to relax and unwind with the papers and enjoy lovely coffee and biscuits available all day. Breakfast equally good and plentiful. Wine and cheese in the evenings is lovely and all very fresh, nibbles etc. A very nice touch and a good way to spend time in the hotel without staying in the room, although because we had the suite we wanted to spend the whole evening in there! I would definitely recommend in terms of service, staff, amenities and location and would love to stay again when we (hopefully) visit the city for another holiday. It is a refreshing change from larger chain hotels. When we got married we couldn't afford to have a honeymoon abroad, so this trip was in place of that, and our stay in Elysee was the perfect way to spend our last night and has given us a memory we will never forget. Thanks.	
Apr 9 2009	Lovely little hotel.....	Just got back from a four night stay at the Elysee with my teen daughter. We had a perfectly lovely street side king room. A little noisy in the am so bring earplugs but otherwise.....big enough and comfortable. I put a four for cleanliness: the sheets had hair on them when we arrived as if someone had clipped their black hair all over them.....we asked to have them changed and it was done immediately....with a little doubt from the head housekeeper which I didn't appreciate.....she kept repeating...&quot;They are clean&quot; but they were covered with hair clippings which were not ours! Also, the room was a little dusty....lamps and alarm clock...Some things didn't work....the alarm on the ipod dock and the buttons on the phone.I tried and tried to call the front desk with the button on the phone and was told later that only the &quot;0&quot; button worked! would have been nice to know that from the beginning!The service at the front desk was great and very attentive and helpful. No complaints there ...very professional too.The breakfast was great and the service there was also, perfect and friendly.Wine and cheese was lovely too.Having the computer was helpful and handy.The location is great and safe.All in all, very good value.	
Apr 6 2009 	Great Value	I recently stayed at the Hotel Elysee for the first time, and was pleasantly surprised. The welcome at check in was warm, my room was ready, and nicely equipped, and I had the surprise of a breakfast included. It is a great location, as well.I would definitely stay there again.	
Apr 6 2009 	Excellent service ideal location	My husband and I stayed here March 18-22 based on reviews, and found it suited us perfectly. It's an easy walk to shops on 5th Avenue, Central Park, the Theater District, and Rockefeller Center. For longer distances, the subway is just around the corner.The staff provided exemplary service all around. I particularly want to highlight the efforts of the breakfast staff - always gracious, remarkably efficient. They continuously replenished the buffet of fresh fruit salad, yogurt, hot- and cold cereal, pastries, bagels, juices, coffees and teas. Just ask, and the girls will bring you an espresso or toast your bagel as you visit with other guests or read the Times or USA Today.We had a quiet room on the 6th floor. No view to speak of, but spacious (for NYC) and sparkling clean. The king bed's mattress and bedding were very comfortable.I can't imagine staying elsewhere on our next visit.	
Apr 5 2009 	Pretty happy overall	I stayed here for a week in March. I'm a bit fed up with paying top-dollar for big-brand hotels that don't offer much in return, so I thought I would try something more like a boutique.The location is very good, with all my mid-town meetings within a few blocks. Staff were very welcoming on arrival and were sufficiently organized not to have lost the presentations I had delivered to the hotel, which was a relief. I was on the 10th floor. There is only one lift and the week I was there must have been spring break because the hotel was quite busy and at peak times the wait for the lift was occasionally pretty long.Room was a pleasant surprise in terms of size: I had something approaching a junior suite, with a separate dressing room and decent sized bedroom. Bathroom however was a bit dated in appearance and pretty small. Wireless LAN is available free throughout the hotel which I have decided is a 'must' for all hotels I visit, I resent paying hundreds of dollars per night for the room and then being asked to pay another $20 for WiFi. If Starbucks can do it for nothing, so can hotels, right?My main issue with the hotel was the noise: I guess I was overlooking 54th St and every morning around 5:30 or 6:00am the traffic noise was horrendous, with trucks sounding their horns etc etc. If you like to lay in late in the morning, ask for a room somewhere quiet or don't stay here.The hotel wasn't really all that geared up for business travellers: breakfast was served in a lounge on the first floor, which was fine except that because it was included in the price (which was a plus), it was not really possible to have a breakfast meeting in the hotel. I tried one morning and the doorman pretty much tried to turn my colleagues away!	
Mar 30 2009 	Midtown perfection!	My husband and I stayed at the Elysee from 3/19 - 3/23. We had a fabulous room on the 11th floor on the back side of the hotel, which was fine because it was much quieter than if we'd been facing 54th Street. We even had what I jokingly call a &quot;Partial Park Avenue View&quot;. Our stay at the Elysee was nothing short of spectacular. The staff was always very friendly and helpful, and the 2nd floor lounge served up a fantastic breakfast each morning (go early, it's a zoo by 9:30 AM) and delightful wine and cheese in the evenings. In the afternoon, the lounge was a great spot to just people-watch out the window, and enjoy some coffee and cupcakes from Crumbs. The rooms were nicely appointed, and the large shower with ample water pressure was much appreciated after a long day of sight-seeing. Our only regret is that the Monkey Bar had not yet reopened. My husband is up in NYC often on business, and will try to stay at the Elysee whenever he can. I know when I come up next, I won't stay anywhere else!	
Mar 30 2009 	Very European in New York City	We spent 4 nights in early January 2009.....it is a great little hotel with all the amenities that we enjoy. Not for those who want &quot;glitz&quot;. Service could not have been any better. Wine and appetizers nightly and a wonderful, filling breakfast each morning. Location for visiting the MOMA is perfect. Bus service or subway are handy. It is an older hotel but well kept. We enjoyed and plan to return.	
Mar 28 2009 	New NYC favorite	Last minute trip to NYC, thought we'd try a different hotel. Have stayed at the Casablanca but needed to be near the Lex on the East side. After reading the reviews here, booked a king room and requested a high floor. A very nice staff member called to say that he didn't have a high floor available but could give us a larger and very quiet room. Spacious and elegant , it had an anteroom/dressing room which kept the large bedroom uncluttered with luggage and shopping bags ;0 The bathroom is small but serviceable with lovely fixtures. The breakfast buffet is similar to the Casablanca, beautifully presented, fresh fruit, yogurt, bagels, muffins, croissants.All-day coffee and cookies and the wine and cheese often salvaged us after a long day on our feet. Our new favorite and The Monkey Bar looks like it will be open soon.	
Mar 28 2009 	feels like home to us	This was our third visit but the first with our teenage children. They had their own room on a different floor but we never worried about them. The staff is so helpful with restaurant reservations or city tours, anything you need. They always say welcome back and after 3 stays it feels like home to us. We will be back!	
Mar 26 2009 	First Class hotel excellent in every aspect.	I booked two nights at the Hotel Elysee after reading a few reviews. I was searching for that special hotel to stay in whilst in New York, I had a suprise proposal planned so wanted something special and romantic.The staff of the Elysee were very helpful, courteous and swift when it came to arranging a few special requests via email and telephone. Upon arrival, we were both very pleased with every aspect of the hotel. The staff are friendly, knowlledgeable and polite, the public and private areas are very well appointed and looked after, and the facilities such as breakfast room/lounge and library are both cosy, romantic and welcoming.I look forward to making the Elysee my regular New York hotel.	
Mar 15 2009 	Nice old world NYC hotel	I stayed at the Hotel Elysee in March 2009. This first time was relatively good and I would stay there again. The location was good for the meeting that I had to attend in midtown. Check - in was quick. As I checked in I was upgraded to the presidential suite. This was svery spacious suite that felt like a small apartment. The living room had a dinning table that coould seat 6. The hard wood floors were welcomed as well. The bedroom was also very spacious and the bed comfortable. The hotel is an older property and it feels as if you are staying in an old world hotel. But not in a negative sense. The one issue I had was the fact that the one elevator can take some time since it serves 15 floors. The Suite came with breakfast included served on the second floor. Traditional continental with bagels and pastry, cereals and yogurt and juices and fruit. The setting was also very pleasant and by far more intresting than the more modern sterile hotels you will find in New York.	
Mar 15 2009 	The third time's the charm at least for us.	Just spent a night at the Elysee Saturday, and were very pleasantly surprised to find that we'd been upgraded from a Deluxe to a Suite for no extra charge. This is our third visit there, and it has now become our annual wedding anniversary tradition. The champagne was in the room waiting when I arrived, and we threw it in an ice bucket, went out for a walk up Fifth Avenue, and it was wonderfully chilled when we returned an hour later. Accompanied by some cookies from the second floor, and the complementary chocolate bar in the room, it was a cute and fun little interlude before going to Restaurant Daniel for dinner later that evening. I simply cannot stay anywhere else in the city when we visit, and the hotel has some of the most comfortable beds I've ever slept in, even more so than my own bed at home. The downside of the upgrade, of course, is that we are now spoiled for suites for the future. I guess we can learn to live with that. My wife simply loves this place, as do I, and whenever we return there, it's like coming home to friends. Everything is simply taken care of without having to demand it, from the valet parking to the bellman taking us to the room. The location is exactly central to the things we do and see, and I really hope to see the Monkey Bar renovations completed when we next return. This hotel has spoiled us for all others, and is the standard to which we compare any other hotel in any other city in the USA. Having a suite is something we've never experienced before, but now that we have, it's obvious we've been missing a lot. I guess I know what we'll book the next time we visit! This is the second review I've written in the last two years, but I can't resist the compulsion to do so.	
Mar 13 2009 	beautiful hotel friendly staff and conveniently located	Overall my experience at the hotel was great. The staff was friendly, the room was clean and comfortable and the complimentary breakfast and happy hour were nice bonuses.My street -facing room was a bit noisy, but next time I'll request a room without a view. The hotel seemed family friendly. While I was traveling this time for business, I will consider coming back next time with my husband and young daughter. The subway is close, which makes it easy to get to various locations. It is within walking distance to MoMA and the Met, which is great for museum lovers. I also discovered the Paris Theater, which is a wonderful art house cinema near by. The anniversary special that the hotel was offering made this an affordable option during these budget conscious times. I'll be back and have already recommended it to several friends.	
Mar 3 2009 	Very nice stay	This was our second time at the Hotel Elysee and it was just as nice as the first. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The first time we had a room facing the street, which was a little noisy with street traffic. This time I requested a more quiet room, which faced the back. Although the view wasn't much, we usually have our curtains closed so that was not an issue. The room and bath were kept very clean. The bed was comfortable and the addition of a flat screen TV was nice. There is a nice breakfast and evening wine reception, and throughout the day and evening coffee and tea, fruit, and cookies are out for the guests. The location is perfect, away from the hustle of Times Square yet walkable to the theater and the park and shopping just around the corner. The hotel does not have a fitness facility but does provide complimentary passes to the New York Sports Club, which was only a few blocks away. After staying many places in New York we have finally found our favorite.	
Mar 3 2009 	Perfect Location 	This little boutique hotel is located in a perfect location in midtown Manhattan. It has a european charm that makes it more special than staying in a large box hotel. We went for my birthday 2/26-2/28/09 and the hotel was kind enough to upgrade us to a small suite (room #60). The room was lovely although as every other reviewer has noted the bathrooms are small. The room rate includes breakfast on the 2nd floor (bagels, croissants, fresh fruit, yogurt, hard boiled eggs, coffee, teas, etc.). They also have a wine and cheese hour (5-8 PM) in this same room. We were able to walk to 5th Avenue and cruise all the designer stores and were easily able to get a taxi to get to our other destinations. The staff was very pleasant.	
Mar 2 2009 	Just right - aaaahhhh	The Hotel Elysee hit every note just right. We were three ladies in the city for one night to relax, see a matinee and enjoy a nice dinner. Very last minute, called Hotel Elysee the night before - the reservation clerk took quite a bit of time with me to determine the best room combination for our needs. Upon arrival Saturday morning, car was whisked away and we were given an early checkin. The rooms were perfect! I have stayed at the sister hotel, The Library, which I like very much - but their rooms are a little cramped. The Hotel Elysee rooms were roomy and I appreciated the seperate temp controls. (Can't sleep in a stuffy room). Decor is French something - pretty, not trendy and the beds were quite comfortable. Very clean, bathrooms had just been remodeled, shower actually had pressure instead of the usual dribble.My favorite part of this hotel group is the club floor which is open all the time with coffee, tea and cookies. Filled with comfy chair clusters, it is the perfect place to unwind between activities. This is where they present a very generous continental breakfast which was available all the way until 11:00, constantly refilled. Service was great, from the front desk, to the bellhop to the club room. Just love this hotel!	
Feb 28 2009 	beautiful hotel in midtown manhatten	We picked this hotel purely on trip advisor recommendation, and whilst fairly expensive it really was a beautiful hotel in a very good location. The rooms are spacious and immaculate and the staff cannot do enough to make your stay a great one! The complimentary cheese and wine (5-8) is an absolute must, but be warned don't overindulge especially if goin over the road to Bills bar where the friendly atmostphere and great barman 'Richie' will take care of you 'New York' style. Look out for 85 year old greeter Aldo whos mother used to cook for Rocky Marciano!Some great eateries around but Bobby Vans Steakhouse 2 blocks away is a must- expensive but worth it!	
Feb 24 2009 	Great service good price friendly staff..in Midtown? - unbelievable!	Although my daughter is in college in NYC, I rarely visit because of the high prices and unfriendly service at most hotels and restaurants. At the recommendation of a friend, I stayed at the Hotel Elysee with my family for several days during late summer. The staff was extremely helpful and friendly and the club floor is available to all guests with food, drinks, etc. offered during much of the day. On the day of our departure, we had purchased a few food and drink items from a nearby grocery store and had them packed in a cooler to take on the road with us. When the doorman saw us, he went into the hotel and brought back a bunch of crushed ice from the hotel kitchen and put it in the cooler for us. We were just amazed. I called this evening to make reservations for May and the gentleman I spoke with went out of his way to find me a lower rate and to provide friendly feedback and service. This is the way to win customers and keep them!	
Feb 23 2009 	Fantastic	Having stayed at many NYC hotels over the years the Elysee is a tremendous fine. Old world charm combined with superlative attention to detail and service. The staff are always warm and welcoming and the hotel exudes a homey sense of warmth and personal style. Highly, highly recommend this hotel to the discerning traveller that does not want to be just another cold number in a faceless big city hotel!	
Feb 23 2009 	Room with Benefits	We chose to switch our hotel reservation from a much larger NYC hotel last-minute because we discovered all the added complimentary benefits to staying at the Hotel Elysee. The free wireless internet was a lifesaver when searching for city addresses, subway stops, and dinner reservations, and we really were able to cut down on dining costs by taking advantages of the continental breakfast each morning. The deluxe room in which we stayed was by no means &quot;economy.&quot; It was spacious, clean, comfortable and was stocked with high-quality amenities. This trip was for our honeymoon, and we have decided to revisit this hotel every year.	
Feb 23 2009 	Highly Recommended	This hotel was great. It was a slow weekend, so they upgraded us to a beautiful suite with a private enclosed terrace. They provided a very nice breakfast. The location is great, as the 53rd &amp; Lexington subway stop is near. A cab ride to most places or neighborhoods of interest is also pretty inexpensive from this central location. Or you can just walk, as the surrounding area is filled with shops and sites. Somehow Hotel Elysee remains quaint and quiet in the middle of everything!	
Feb 17 2009 	Please don't book a room here - because I want to be able to get one!	I really considered writing a terrible review of this place to increase my chances of getting a reservation when I want one, but doing so would be a bigger lie than I'm willing to tell! I stay at the Elysee frequently for business and it has easily become my favorite hotel in NYC, even when I'm visitng clients in other areas of the city. It's that good. Antonio the doorman is a gem, the front desk staff very accommodating, and the breakfast/happy hour staff likewise helpful and cheerful without being intrusive. The rooms vary in size but all are more than adequate and thoroughly charming. The only time I've ever had a problem with my room (my most recent stay), they offered to move me while I was at business meetings and upgraded me to a suite. What's not to like? In fact, it is so comfortable a place that next month my new husband and I are going there as part of our honeymoon!	
Feb 16 2009 	Grest Boutique Hotel	I have been staying at this hotel many times a year for several years. the location is great for shopping and enjoying the windows at Christmas time. Everyone who works there is very helpful and friendly. the breakfast is very good and the servers are ther to help -from a newspaper to a toasted bagel. The rooms are clean and the beds are comfortable. I will be staying there again in April! Debbie	
Feb 16 2009 	Charming!	Lovely hotel - quiet, comfortable. Really charming.	
Feb 15 2009 	Perfect in EVERY WAY!	We just got back from a fabulous weekend in the Big Apple. We had a reservation for one night. We got to the city early on Saturday morning and the hotel actually let us check in early. The free breakfast was still available and they even suggested we take part in it, even though we weren't even technically staying there yet. They gave us the option of two rooms - a queen in the front of the hotel or a king in the back of the hotel. They warned us that the king did not have a nice view and no bathtub. We chose the king and the view did not bother us at all. They said the bathroom would be small, but we felt it was perfect. Very comfortable bed with down comforter. There was a turn down service with chocolates. Pretty room - very clean with very nice amenities. The breakfast was a fantastic continental breakfast - fresh NY bagels, fresh fruit , hard boiled eggs, croissants, cereals, etc. Not your average continental breakfast - it was all so fresh and yummy. The staff was extremely helpful and so friendly. When I return to NY, this is definitely where I'll be staying again! : )	
Feb 9 2009 	2nd time a charm	We visit NYC often and this hotel stands out above all others for many reasons. I was so impressed the first time staying here with my girlfriend that I vowed to bring back my husband one day.It was a special anniversary for my husband and I. I just happened to ask for an upgrade, mentioned the special occasion, and voila, we received a great upgrade for the night. My only regret is not being able to stay a night or two longer. Our suite was spacious, beautifully appointed with antiques, and had a charm that no cookie-cutter hotel can offer.As usual, service was attentive without trying too hard, the breakfast and the late afternoon snacks were a treat. However, the cafe au lait/cappuccino in the a.m. is not good if you know your coffees. Stick with regular coffee.Thanks to everyone at Elysee for another wonderful stay.	
Feb 9 2009 	Not Posh But Great Value	Just returned from a two-night stay at the Hotel Elysee in midtown Manhattan. Having lived in NYC for over 15 years, I can say that the hotel's location just can't be beat! For tourists, it's an easy walk to many attractions plus shopping, dining and theater. We booked a rather large, 1 BR suite for about $375 a night directly from the hotel website. I would estimate the suite to be about 650 sq ft--large by NYC standards. The suite featured a large sitting and dining area, tiny kitchen area (with dorm fridge, sink and micro--very convenient), nicely appointed, double-sink bath with tub and separate stall shower, and separate bedroom with king bed. The sitting area had a queen-sized fold-out sofa--comfy enough for two kids. Our room was located on the 10th floor, but there were really no views to speak of. Everything was meticulously clean. The king-sized bed was quite comfortable and the linens of high quality. Towel supply was more than ample.It was noted by one previouis reviewer that the rooms are not sufficiently illuminated. While this is a small point, I would certainly concur. More lamps or higher-wattage bulbs might be a good idea.The hotel offers complimentary &quot;happy hour&quot; Monday through Friday. Red, White and Champagne were offered as well as coffee, tea, water, juices, cheese, olives, cookies and fruit. This was a lovely touch and many guests seemed to avail themselves of this respite. Also complimentary is daily continental breakfast. There was an impressive array of items available, and for a family of three, this would represent a $50-$75 savings over eating breakfast in most NYC hotel dining rooms. Quite a deal if you don't need Eggs Benedict and mimosas.The front desk and lobby staff were welcoming and efficient. I think the faded &quot;monkey bar&quot; motif in the elevator area and hallways could use a bit of an updating.All in all, our stay was quite pleasant. This is a small, old-world hotel, however, so if you are seeking glitz, fawning service and an extensive list of amenities, you may need to look elsewhere. For us, the premiere location and undeniable value made for a satisfying weekend.	
Feb 8 2009	Loved Hotel Elysee	My girlfriends and I stayed one night at the Hotel Elysee for a weekend trip to NYC. We chose this hotel based on location and the reviews on this website. The reviews for this hotel are spot on. The front desk staff were extremely welcoming and helpful. The rooms were incredibly quiet, clean, and the bathroom was large. We stayed in a suite with a king bed and queen sized sofa bed pullout. Both were very comfy. There is free high speed internet access, free access to the NY Sports Club which is 5 blocks away, complimentary bottled water and chocolate, and an included continental breakfast in the very comfy 2nd floor club room. The club room has coffee/tea and snacks every afternoon (which we missed because we were out and about) and the breakfast every morning from 7a-11a. The breakfast was impressive with coffee, tea, juices, milk, cereal, fresh fruit, yogurt, pastries, boiled eggs, bagels and toast. The breakfast is well staffed and staff will toast for you, make lattes, and clear away your dishes for you. The club room is otherwise open for guest use and has comfy chairs, couches, a TV, and is very well lit and comfy. We would definitely stay here again!	
Feb 7 2009 	Highly recommend	Everything was perfect. Very helpful, friendly and accommodating staff. Exceeded our expectations!!	
Jan 29 2009 	Charming hotel in the heart of New York City	My husband and I have been staying at the Elysee for over fifteen years and we now consider it to be our &quot;home away from home&quot; while visiting NYC. The staff is professional, pleasant, courteous and endeavor to make our visit as pleasant as possible. We have stayed in many rooms over the years and have yet to be in one that was not to our liking. The best kept secret of the hotel is the 2nd floor concierge level where all guests may partake in breakfast and evening snacks. Coffee, tea and cookies are provided throughout the day. We enjoy this small boutique hotel for its superb location, warm staff, and great amenities. You will not be disappointed should you decide to stay there. John Avina, the manager, has done an excellent job maintaining the high standards for which the Elysee is known.	
Jan 27 2009 	Love the Hotel Elysee	We stayed at the Hotel; Elysee January 2009 and just loved itThe rooms are perfect, decor is done to make you feel at home and not in a hotel room. the breakfast are quiet and set in a beautiful room. Club room absolutely great for a nice relax after a big day out, with so much food and drinks.the location of the hotel is just perfect, away from all the busy tourist areas, but still close to everything. We did not want to leave and would love to go again	
Jan 26 2009 	Great value and location	This is the second time I've stayed at the Elysee and both times I have been extremely happy with my experience. The rooms are nicely furnished, the staff is extraordinarily friendly and the location is perfect if you are planning on doing business in midtown. Although I've stayed there on business, its very close to some great shopping and night life. The concierge reccommended a place called The Modern to get drinks and I wound up having a great night. On my previous trip I did dinner and drinks at Tao, which was only about a block away from the Elysee and had an excellent time there as well. I would highly reccommend this place for its comfortable rooms, friendly staff, and great location. Also the beds are incredibly comfortable! This is by far the best value I've had for midtown and I wouldnt stay anywhere else!-Matt	
Jan 19 2009 	fantastic stay	We visited the Elysee between Christmas and New Year to celebrate our twin daughters 18th Birthdays .When we arrived we were upgraded to a suite which was easily big enough to live in and the other room was great too.The complimentary breakfast was a great start to the day and the complimentary cheese and wine a great way to relax and unwind after a hard days sightseeing(actually we had champagne) mmm... lovely.As mentioned before a real homely feel and a welcome change from the corporate hotels and chains.Nobody warned us about the massive queues for Ellis Island-go early! and the Grey line bus is a great way to see all the sights.We also enjoyed an evening at Bills speakeasy diner over the road from the hotel a great idea if your tired after a busy day and don't feel like going far. Don't hesitate book it now!!	
Jan 18 2009 	Loved this hotel!!!	Unfortunately, the Monkey's Bar was closed for renovation, so I can not say anything regarding it.But the hotel itself was PERFECT!!! Actually, we have received complimentary upgrade to junior suite. Our suite was gorgeous!!!With separate living room and bedroom, all the furniture were of good quality! Maybe they should put wardrobe in the room so the guests could place their clothes in it, but it was not problem for us as we were staying just for 2 nights. Staff was extremely helpfull! We asked for adaptor and they brought us three different ones because they didn't know what type of plug we had. It was very nice of them!Breakfast is very good, wine&amp;cheese reception also good (I can not say anything about quality of wine or champaign they offer as I had tea all the times, but cheeses were very good!!!). All the day you can have a cup of tea and some pastry at no additional fee!We loved the location of the hotel, we loved food, we loved our room and we loved staff there!!!It is highly recomended to reserve a junior suite there as it is worth it!!!	
Jan 18 2009 	Loved it	I loved this cosy little hotel. The hotel was in a wonderful location. The staff was very professional. The hotel was like home away from home.	
Jan 15 2009 	A wee Gem!	My Wife and daughter stayed for 4 nights in January 08, this year they returned and allowed the guys to come on this trip. Stayed for four nights, really enjoyed our stay. Staff in all departments all very helpful. Both rooms very comfortable, good size and everything on hand to enjoy our stay.Best points: great location, very friendly service, small comfortable hotel, FREE wine &amp; nibbles each week day evening, a very nice touch, bearing in mind the price of wine in New York. Would certainly recommend this wee gem of a hotel.	
Jan 15 2009 	best hotel in town!!!	I recently stayed with my wife and my mother in law in the Hotel Elysee and all I can say it´s the best hotel I´ve been in New York so far!Our trip took place from december 25th to january 1st, we decided to spend New Year´s in New York and the Elysee made everything even more special.We booked the room a week prior to arrival and were upgraded to a suite!!! We even had a piano in the living room, too bad it wasn´t tuned... ;)The rooms are big (even the regular ones) and ultra-clean.Staff is very friendly.Free breakfast is great!!!And, after reading some minor complains about elevator issues, all I can say it´s that the day we waited more for the elevator we maybe waited for 5 minutes, no big deal!!!I also want to thank John Avina, the general manager of the hotel.He makes a terrific job and have guests feel like home, THANK YOU JOHN!!!!	
Jan 14 2009 	Old world charm in a wonderful position.	This hotel suited our family of 5 perfectly. As one of the previous reviewers mentioned, it has old world charm. The rooms - a one bedroom suite with interconnecting twin room were of a decent size for NY. I also liked that the hotel is not one of those large anonomous hotels. Front desk staff were efficient. A big plus is the position of the hotel, we could walk to many places of interest, or get the subway, which was also very close to the hotel.Being able to open a window was also a bonus.Breakfast was plentiful - beautiful fruit salad, pastries, yogurts, juices, a wide variety of teas, bread, cereals and hard boiled eggs - more than enough to sustain us for a day of sightseeing and shopping.Two small gripes - 1. that the one complimentary computer was often occupied, and hard to get access to. 2. The lift at peak time would often require a long wait - but since we were not in a rush this was acceptable.We would highly recommend this hotel - it has a very European feel and the complimentary food is a very welcoming addition, especially when travelling with children.	
Jan 11 2009 	Another Great Stay	Had another wonderful stay at the Elysee and look forward to my next. Courteous and friendly staff, very comfortable room, a real oasis to return to after exhausting days shopping and sightseeing. I find buildings and stores in NY are incredibly hot in Winter and it was great to return to a room which had great air conditioning. You can control how hot or cold the room is. I have stayed in a lot of hotels where you never seemed to be able to get the heat down but here it was no problem. Cannot fault anything and highly recommend the Elysee.	
Jan 10 2009 	Awesome	We arrived at the hotel to a very warm and friendly welcome. They made you feel very special and were more than happy to help you with anything. The hotel is in a great location - just off 5th Avenue, about 3 minutes walk from Central park and 5 minutes from Bloomingdales, which my wife loved. Breakfast and snacks were great and plentiful. All staff were very friendly and always seemed happy to see you. I would have no hesitations in staying here again or recommended it to a friend. With help from this hotel we had a great honeymoon.	
Jan 8 2009 	great discovery	We were a group of 6 ,including our 4 teenage kids!! First time staying at this great little place : wonderful location , warm peolple at the front desk , door , etc. We stayed at a suite and a connecting room , good size rooms , good service, maybe lights should be improved in the living areas. Nice breakfast in the mornings in the 2nd floor , drinks later in the afternoon !! Only once they had run out lf bread !!!! I would definetly go back as soon as we can!!	
Jan 8 2009 	Wonderful hotel	My daugher has stayed here many times but this was my second time. It is warm, wonderful and welcoming. The location is great for us since we are there to enjoy the city. Everyone is friendly and helpful and the rooms are comfortable. Breakfast and evening wine is great. I will always stay here when I'm in NYC.	
Jan 2 2009 	almost 10	Very good hotel in good position. we stay in deluxe roomRoom are spacius and clean.Good also the bathroom.Staff is very friendly .breakfast is ok.in the afternoon small free breakfast in the second floor.Points no good: lift always busy!and some people from the breakfast are not so friendly as the other staff from the hotel	
Dec 30 2008 	Lovely ambience at Elysee	I tried the Elysee after the Library Hotel, where I've often stayed , was less than efficient at handling the reservation. The Elysee is less hip but, for me, more convenient and pleasant in its own way. The reservationist asked my preferences and then seemed pleased to offer a room with 2 exposures. With a chandelier, the well-appointed room (comfortable bed!) was peacefully Old New York-y, though the tub was shallow and there was big noise, even 10 floors up, from some semi-continuous garbage operation down 54th. Adding to noise were rambunctious kids on my floor. The front desk offered to address the issue, but, since I was staying only 2 nights, we just made a joke of it. Breakfast and the evening wine offerings were satisfying, in a comfy atmosphere. The staff were unfailingly polite and helpful; the hotel supplied an umbrella; and when I traipsed in from my wet wanderings, the Elysee truly felt like a refuge.	
Dec 30 2008 	A Comfortable Hotel in New York	As a frequent guest over the past ten years, The Elysee is a very conveniently located hotel for both business and pleasure. The amenities are limited but the ones offered are quite nice. The rooms are simple but large and comfortable. Nice upgrade with the new flat screen TVs. The one elevator can at times be a challenge, but in the end, that is not a problem. The staff are very accommodating and the hotel is maintained in a clean and attractive manner. The Monkey Bar was closed, which was a bit of a disapointment, but Bill's across the street is always a fun place for a nightcap. Highly recommend this hotel.	
Dec 29 2008 	Love the Elysee'	This stay was our 4th and as the other three stays we enjoyed our stay immensely! From the valet to the front desk staff we were accorded the best and most friendly service you would expect from a wonderful boutique hotel such as this one. Right in the heart of Manhatten, everything was just perfect. Looking for ward to our next visit next spring.Merci Beaucoup!Maureen and Ray Russell	
Dec 26 2008 	Bed Bugs	My husband and I stayed for two nights and went home with what our doctor said were bed bug bites. I notified the hotel manager who said he had an exterminator inspect our room, and denied the existence of bed bugs. ??????No offer of a refund or any other type of restitution for medical bills etc. was made by the hotel manager.	
Dec 20 2008 	Give Us Your Money	Unpleasant and unhelpful front of desk staff. If you are paying by debit card please be aware that you will require the funds for your hotel stay to be fully available at check-in as the desk staff will contact your bank to confirm this. If you do not you will need to pay each night cash in advance or by credit card. Also rooms on the ninth floor at the front of the building do not seem to be sound proofed and are subject to constant noise from rubbish collections on the main street. Room decor is tired and dated and carpets need replacing.In addition the front of desk staff do not wish to accomodate requests for information concerning tours of the city.The main advantage of this hotel is it's central location.	
Dec 18 2008 	Wonderful stay	I have just returned from a 2 night stay at the Hotel Elysee and what a wonderful stay it was. We were a group of 5 women celebrating a belated 60th birthday. Every year we make an overnight stay in Manhattan at Christmastime but this was our first stay at the Elysee and from the looks of things, it won't be our last. Everyone ( from Mr. Avina to the young women who set up refreshments in the Club room) was professional, courteous, and gracious. We had a suite and a double room and were able to close off a hallway door to make a 2 bedroom suite. The rooms were large and very comfortable(even the pull-out couch was comfortable). There is a complimentary continental breakfast every morning, delicious cookies and coffee all day, and cheese and crackers, wine and Prosecco in the early evening. Everything was delightful! The location is outstanding, the hotel is outstanding, and most of all the staff is outstanding.	
Dec 13 2008 	Loved the Hotel Elysee	My husband and I stayed at the Elysee mid-week during December and were quite impressed. The location on E. 54th St. is fantastic and the hotel is reasonably priced by NYC standards. Although our visit would have been special under any conditions (loved the second floor library for breakfast, complementary wine and cheese, newspapers, and all day cookies and fruit), we were overwhelmed when the staff upgraded our room to a suite when we checked in! The suite was absolutely beautiful, with fireplace, dining room table, kitchenette, and large screen tvs. We felt like rock stars! Additionally, the staff could not have been nicer or more accomodating...the doorman offered an umbrella when we went outside and was most helpful hailing taxis. We can't wait to stay here again! We used to stay at the Carlysle, but the Elysee is our new favorite. We highly recommend it.	
Dec 10 2008 	Perfect in EVERY way!	Stayed there for one night and couldn't find a single thing wrong with this wonderful Manhattan gem!The location is perfect for every NYC attraction....the staff was friendly beyond belief...the room was clean, comfortable, and in good shape...small, cozy, friendly, priced right....a 2nd floor lounge serving coffee, croissants, and hors d'oeuvres in the evening...what else could we ask for? Will absolutely stay there over and over and recommend it to everyone who asks. The Monkey Bar will be up and running by the spring which will be a huge plus!	
Dec 8 2008 	Nothing Special	My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Elysee for 2 nights in early September. We chose this hotel based on the great reviews it got. However, there really wasn't anything special about this place. I have nothing negative to say about this hotel, however I have nothing positive either. The room was average sized, and the bed was comfortable enough to sleep in. There were no major problems, and the front desk was polite. The restaurant attached to the hotel was closed for renovations while we were there, so we stuck to eating out (the first night we were so tired from traveling we just ate food from the deli across the street. I wouldn't suggest that if you have enough energy to walk down a block or to to an actual restaurant). Also, don't be confused by the minibar. It doesn't really cool things. It's not really a refrigerator. Plus, according to their brochure, if you take something out, it will automatically be charged for it. We read this part after moving things around to put our own drinks in, but we quickly replaced everything and were not charged.So overall, this place is okay. I would definitely recommend finding another place to stay, though, if you can. However, if you won't be spending much time in your hotel room anyway, this place should be just fine for you.	
Dec 6 2008 	The City That Never Sleeps . . .	Do you know WHY the city never sleeps???? Because its innumerable skyscrapers generate a colossal amount of refuse--all of which must be compacted . . . slowly . . . late at night . . . by jarringly-noisy garbage trucks. Please read on, because I do love this hotel, but if you stay there, ask for a room that doesn't face the street. Though I was located on the 11th floor behind double-paned windows during this visit, the bewitching-hour garbage runs were a bit disturbing. Now, the good news. This was the second time that I have stayed at the Elysee while leading a tour group. I've never had anything but praise from the more than 40 travelers I have taken there, and I wouldn't hesitate to use the hotel again. (I doubt that even the nearby Waldorf-Astoria or St. Regis have been engineered well enough to drown out those cursed trucks.) The location is superb. The staff is very friendly and accomodating. On both stays, I have had a spacious, immaculate, and very nicely appointed room. As others have noted, the second floor lounge/library space is one of the hotel's most pleasing assets. It is the perfect spot to relax and feel at home for a mid-afternoon break with coffee and a newspaper or for a pre-theatre glass of wine and hors d'oevres. (Bonus: the nearby 21 Club offers a prix-fixe, pre-theatre dinner that is both a memorable experience and a good value.)	
Dec 6 2008 	Bad experience kills good location	The location is excellent but killed by 3 negative things:1) Very old and unsufficient furniture, we paid 600 USD a night and had our &quot;suite&quot; nr 103 has NO DRAWERS :how can you stay 9 nghts in a room with NO drawers and 6 hangers: part of our clothes had to be remained in bags and suitcases2)No room on street side has correct sound proof windows. And no room on back side has correct lights: you then live quite like in a cellar , the &quot;suites&quot; faces a wall, and the room inside has poor lights.On the second floor, there is however a nice tea room ,with good sound proof windows: why not the same in the street rooms ?3) People on reception desk are smiling, nice ...and give bad service.They were unable to find out the correct number of tthe &quot;Blue Note&quot;, the room service brought us one day tea without spoons,the other day cold water ,the next hot water without tea bags...etc etc. At the reception desk,we asked for yoghurts, they answered us &quot;we have none, go and buy them yourself at the shop opposite of the hotel&quot;	
Dec 4 2008 	Understated Perfection	We decided to treat ourselves with a 4 star hotel in the big apple &amp; it turned out to be a highlight of our trip.The very friendly staff were always courteous &amp; helpful but not overbearing. For me a hotel is somewhere where you can feel comfortable, safe &amp; you don't feel like asking for anything was a chore &amp; this hotel excelled in these respects. The complimentary internet access, complimentary breakfast, papers &amp; evening wine, cheeses &amp; also coffee 24/7 all made the experience more satisfying. The central location whilst in a &quot;quite&quot; locality was another plus. Overall I would recommend the hotel for anyone willing to spend a little bit more for a near cast iron guarantee of getting your money's worth.	
Dec 3 2008 	Disappointed	While the staff was friendly and helpful, and the location terrific, the room left a lot to be desired. Dated/drab furniture, very noisy, no window (lower level floor), and the television (if that is important to you) may have been the smallest/oldest I've seen in a hotel room in awhile. If you stay, consider pushing for a higher level floor away from the stairwell (in order to avoid the noise and get a view - any view).	
Dec 1 2008 	Great service not so great room.	We stayed at the Hotel Elysee after reading the great reviews it received. While the location and service were very good, the room was very disappointing with dated furniture. For the price, you can do better - even in New York. With updated room decor and furnishings, we would reconsider staying here again - until then, we will choose another property.	
Dec 1 2008 	Hotel Elysee ok	The Hotel Elysee has two great assets--its location and the comfortable second floor breakfast room/lounge. The staff was pleasant and helpful. Our king bed room on the 11th floor was cramped, especially the bathroom, and the furnishings and carpet were worn. I was surprised, given the overwhelmingly positive reviews that prompted me to try the Hotel Elysee. The other reviewers apparently had superior rooms, so we may have just had a dated room.	
Nov 26 2008 	Lovely stay	The Hotel Elysee is a lovely hotel in a great location. We had a deluxe double room which was large and, although quaint, had everything we needed. Our room was at the front of the hotel and, yes, you could hear the street noise but it was in no way offensive and we had no problems sleeping in the comfy beds. Yes, there is one lift and it can be a little slow but it was no hardship. Apart from the location and the friendly staff, the best thing about this hotel is the breakfast in the morning and the wine and cheese served in the evening where you can relax after a long day shopping and sightseeing in NY. We found this facility to be something we looked forward to. There are lots of restaurants in walking distance. I will be recommending this hotel to anyone I know who might be visting New York. If you are in doubt about booking this hotel, don't be as I don't think you will be disappointed.	
Nov 24 2008 	Their finest hour.	What can one add to this huge nuber of extremely positive reviews for this true gem of a Manhattan Hotel? Well, I try.In first place, things went pretty wrong. We coming from Vienna/Austria were on our annual works outing, (overseas and extended this year in order to celebrate full decade birthdays of two of my secretaries) I had booked two double rooms and one suite for our party of six. We were given three double rooms, although I had presented the e-mail booking confirmation at the reception desk. I was assured that the one room with the king size bed was meant to be the &quot;suite&quot;. It was at the (wonderful) breakfast the other day, when we realized that all of us had been given double rooms. I was pretty upset at this moment, because my intention to reward my secretaries for another year of hard work at my law office seemed frustrated. So I turned to the reception desk, and within little more than five minutes, the helpful man at the reception not only had apologized for the mistake, but also had come up with a solution, we never ever could have dreamt of. Simply amazingly perfect management! My main problem for the rest of our stay was to get me and my party out of this hotel to the streets of NYC. And think, this is a Hotel without a restaurant, without a bar, without a spa, without shops, without so many things other hotels boast of, but with a truly unparalleled combination of competence and atmosphere. And consider further that the streets I am talking about that the five women in my company almost refused to go to were Broadway and Fifth Avenue!Now, if You ask, why such small hotel can rank sixth among approx. 400 other New York hotels, I only can advise you: Find out yourself.	
Nov 24 2008	A review of the Hotel Elysee	We have stayed at the Hotel Elysee several times. It is a fabulous hotel with a staff that makes you feel like you actually live there with recognition and hospitality. When I have traveled alone to NYC, I have a sense of security staying here. I always recommend this sweet property to anyone going to NYC. Renay Martin	
Nov 24 2008 	Cozy hotel	It was the first time we stayed at Hotel Elysee, and it was a excellent choice: it is very close to the Rockefeller, St Patrick's Cathedral and Central Park. Another point is its european style. The highlight was the weekday wine and cheese that hotel served in a cozy room.	
Nov 19 2008 	5 Star Price 3 Star service	This November 7-11 was my second stay at the Elysee.The event was a girl's 50th birthday celebration. The hotel was right priced at $356.00 per night for my first stay in May two years ago. However, for $515.00/545.00 per night before taxes and fees, the hotel came up short in several areas -decor is a little dated and the furniture in the breakfast area was shabby and missing ameneties such as a fan in the bathroom and more than 1 elevator were significant. Overall the cleanliness of the hotel was excellent but the carpet in our room could used a cleaning. In terms of service the staff were very pleasant. However, the very young getlemen at the desk were not particularly knowledgeable. The turn down service was also lacking- the shades were not drawn and there was no complementary sweet on the pillow. Had the choice of hotel been mine, I would have opted for the newer Palace hotel at the same price or lower.	
Nov 18 2008 	Great Suites	We recently stayed here for the weekend of 11/14-11/16, we wanted to return again because we feel this is the best hotel for the best price and what you get in NYC. We had a large suite, room 94 the first night, but it was too noisy near the street, so the staff moved us to another suite, room 60, which was perfect, we could not hear a sound. We really enjoy the free evening wine and cheese hours 5-8 pm, Mon- Friday and the nice breakfast every morning in the Club Room and Library. The staff is so nice and accomodating and really go out of their way for you, they had no problem moving all our belongings for us to the new suite. We will always stay here when we travel in NYC, we prefer very small hotels, instead of big chains any day of the week!	
Nov 12 2008 	beautiful escape in new york	We booked our stay directly with the hotel and upon arrival had a lovely card from the sales director welcoming us for our honeymoon with a box of chocolates. We had a beautiful deluxe king room near the back of the hotel on the 12A floor (not 13). Upon check-in we found Will to be extremely helpful in our concierge needs (even helping to book Mavis Staples tickets at the BB King club in the theater district for an upcoming evening. The bed was ultra comfortable with triple sheeting with a duvet insert and a beautiful coverlet. We were warm enough and even ran the air conditioner just to not get too warm in November. The bathroom was well kept and my only complaint is that they don't offer the towel reuse or any type of conservation measures. Maybe they think clients of a 5 star wouldn't participate, but they should give us the option.Service was attentive but not overly so,and we left the hotel each morning with a smile and a full night's sleep. We only had breakfast once (quite a continental spread) but enough to get us through on our last morning before the car arrived to take us to the airport. The coffee was very good, something that I really look forward to in the morning and yes, coffee, tea and my husband's favorite cookies are available all evening. Wine and cheese was nice with a little bubbly (sparkling wine - a nice touch and also included a vegetable crudite if you're worried about your cholesterol.Wish there was more traditional information in the room on what to see, other than the commercial magazines. Maybe a list of favorites from the staff would be a nice touch. But, we did find with tripadvisor as our source. I also was there to attend a show at the Javits center and found the subway safe and easy to navigate. I was even asked directions in the city, must have looked like i belonged. The city is so easy to get around in and only gets difficult when you get in the southern area where the grid becomes congested. But, we highly recommend the trip as it was all worth it.Bring good, comfortable walking shoes. I thought I had and still had a blister to take home after 5 days.Thank you Elysee for a memorable visit. We look forward to our return.	
Nov 9 2008 	Chossing the Elysee justified all the 5 star reviews	We spent 6 nights here to celebrate our 39th Wedding Anniversary.We have no negative comments whatsoever, only ones of praise and gratitude. The hotel has a wonderful warm and intimate feel, aided by the most attentive staff in all departments. Our bedroom on the 14th floor (deluxe double) was a luxurious sanctuary when our poor feet could take no more walking. Super King Sized bed, lovely marble bathroom, and solid mature style furniture - like being in a rich friend's country home for the weekend. Rarely did we have to wait long for the lift, and even then we chatted to pleasant guests who were also enjoying their stay there.The breakfast (included in the price) was wonderful every morning, with a huge choice of cold foods and very willing and attentive staff. Both this and the weekday wine and nibbles were served in the Club Room on the first floor, which was large enough to take plenty of the guests, but still retained an intimate feel. The wine and nibbles between 5pm and 8 pm is a generous and inspired idea, as is the perk of being able to drop in here for tea and coffee at any time of the day.. The location is excellent - close enough to the centre of things, but still in a more quiet location than near Times Square. It was possible to walk to some reasonably priced restaurants in the evening, but we felt subway travel was safe, and ventured further afield on our $25, 7 day subway pass with confidence.We will HAVE to try to secure a room at the Elysee on our next stay. I felt obliged to leave the recommended tip that gujde books suggest as we left (both for room staff AND Club Room staff) because of the wonderful time we had been given here.Thank you, Elysee Hotel, and thank you Trip Advisor for leading us to this wonderful place.John and G W. London UK	
Nov 2 2008 	Wouldn't stay anywhere else in New York City	We are a couple in our 50's. We loved this hotel especially for its location. Walk to Central Park, Broadway, Times Square, Rockefeller Centre and a wide selection of restaurants and bars. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. The breakfast, which is included in the room rate, is an excellent bonus as is the weekday wine and cheese. We had booked a room and got a suite that had a separate sitting room with couch, chairs, table and mini bar as well as a small bar fridge that you could stock with your own purchases.We would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 24 2008 	A gem of a Hotel	My wife and I stayed at the Hotel elysee and very much enjoyed the whole hotel experience. It is a superb little hotel in a fabulous location. Most of the NY familiar attractions are within walking distance. It is a tastefully decorated old style hotel and spotlessly clean. The rooms are large (for a hotel) and has all the mod cons of any high class hotel. The hotel includes breakfast, which we thought we would not avail of, as we planned to have breakfast in the many diners/delis of NY, but the breakfast was so good and in a very relaxing room we ended having breakfast there every morning. The staff were very friendly and helpful. There is only one lift to service the building and it is a bit slow, however its not as bad as some people have previously mentioned, your on holidays anyway, so whats the rush!!! Conclusion: I would highly recommend this hotel and will be staying here on my next trip to New York. Mark, Kildare, Ireland	
Oct 23 2008 	Loved Hotel Elysee!!	My husband and I spent 4 nights at the Elysee in October, We loved everything about the hotel, from the gracious people at the front desk to the housekeeping service. the young ladies who worked the morning breakfast and afternoon wine hours were so very sweet and accomodating. The location is perfect and the two resturants across the street, Oceana and Cellini were wonderful. The hotel staff recommended them and made our reservations for us. I could not have been happier with my stay and look forward to returning. I contacted the hotel directly and the young lady, Ashley, was so very kind in noting our requests. She was able to give us a wonderful room for a special anniversary celebration in our life. I recommend this hotel to anyone regardless of the purpose of your trip	
Oct 18 2008 	Great classy hotel	We had a great time at this small very classy hotel. Breakfast is included as is wine and snacks during the week and the spread is amazing. They have a deal with a great gym a few blocks away and it is in the heart of the East side. We have another New York trip planned and will definately stay here	
Oct 15 2008 	Operalover at the Elysee	I travel to New York four or five times through the year to hear performances at the MET and other theaters, and to visit my favorite works of art in the museums and galleries. Not to speak of places to dine. I've tried various hotels on South Central Park, until a friend alerted me to try out Hotel Elysée. I went for the first time about three years ago, and have returned ever since. The staff is effective and courteous. The rooms are clean, especially the bathrooms where the plumbing is in excellent shape. The location is splendid. One can cover quite a lot of Midtown Manhattan just by walking out the door. I have adopted the practice of making the reservation for my next stay when checking out, and when that next stay is due, I receive a friendly e-mail reminder. The Hotel Elysée has become my New York &quot;home away from home&quot;, for many years to come.	
Oct 14 2008 	Hotel Elysee measures up to reviews	Stayed 9-13 Oct 08. This was our first trip to New York. My wife and I took our 2 teenaged daughters for 4 days in NY City. Booked this hotel based on ratings at Tripadvisor. It did not dissappoint: very quaint, great front desk staff with awesome personal service, older but clean rooms, great wine and cheese every night (except weekends), excellent free continental breakfast daily, great beds, called me a fews days in advance to confirm our reservation, booked our car to and from airport. Great restaurants and liquor store right across the street! unbelievable location; 1 block off Madison, Park and 5th Ave. Short walk to Times Square and Central Park. We would return to this hotel in a heartbeat. Hopefully when we return, the Monkey Bar will be open; it's closed till spring '09 for renovation. The only negative is that it's a little noisy at night (welcome to New York): truck deliveries, sirens, etc...bring ear plugs. in truth, this is one of the quieter areas so it's just part of staying in the heart of a big city. I travel a lot and stay mostly in chain hotels. I was very pleased that we chose this hotel and experienced great personal private hotel service. We highly recommend it.	
Oct 14 2008 	Perfect stay	Three couples met this last weekend in NYC. We chose Hotel Elysee because of the excellent location and its association with Hotel Casablance which we had enjoyed previously. We found ourselves overjoyed with our choice. With rooms on floors 4, 7 and 10, we each appreciated how quiet it was....a real find in NYC. The lounge was the perfect meeting place for us all weekend....breakfast ample and delicious, wine in the evening accompanied by wonderful snacks and each day plenty of copies of The New York Times. We had an enjoyable casual Italian meal directly across the street at Cellini. The staff was helpful in all respects...storing our luggage, giving directions and even providing wine and chocolate due to a mixup in rooms. Can't imagine choosing a different hotel when we return to New York.	
Oct 13 2008 	Greatest place to stay in NYC	Fantastic location, beautiful and spacious room. The staff were extremely helpful and went the extra mile to accomodate our requests. Appreciated the lounge room with computer/printer and internet connection, continental breakfast and snacks during the day. Complimentary wireless internet available throughout the hotel was convenient.	
Oct 9 2008 	New York City Gem	Our stay at the Hotel Elysee for 4 nights was absolutely perfect. The location, the charm and character, the service and the courteous staff made our trip all the better. The fact we could slip across the road to Bill's Gay Nineties Restaurant and Piano Bar added to the success of our trip. We will always come back to the Hotel Elysee when in New York City and it is the only hotel we would suggest to others looking to book in NYC. It is a quiet, intimate and sophisticated gem.	
Oct 7 2008 	Awesome!	This is our second trip to NYC. We stayed in Affinia 50 in 2006 and decided to check out Hotel Elysee this time. It was awesome.The staff are VERY courteous and accomodating. I called them to request a balcony (during booking) and although the lady that I spoke to could not promise it at that time, I did get a balcony on the 14th floor. There was a bottle of red wine waiting for us and chocolates! A nice treat to a couple celebrating an anniversary.Our room was certainly lovely. It smelled of gardenia...Our bed is comfy and there is a fridge available. Also got a high-end flat-screened tv. The Hotel offers a scrumptious breakfast on the second floor each morning. Healthy choices starting from the huge bowl of fresh fruits. The staff continously replenished the food and maintained the place immaculately clean. Our experience with Hotel Elysee is 100 percent positive! I highly recommend it to everyone.	
Oct 5 2008 	Unforgettable stay at the Elysee Hotel New York	We have just returned from a 3 night stay at the Elysee Hotel.The outstanding service and hotel room both exceeded our expectations. The fact that this is a small &quot;Boutique&quot; hotel only added to our excellent overall impressions. The breakfast and early evening aperifitif were unexpected and greatly added to our enjoyment. We shall certainly return to the Elysee Hotel on our next trip to the USA.	
Sep 30 2008 	Perfect place to stay in NY	We have stayed at the Hotel Elysee seven times in the last seven years and always look forward to going back. It is a wonderful hotel in an ideal, yet quiet location that is convenient to everything in NY. The rooms are comfortable, tasteful and always in excellent condition. The staff is friendly, courteous and always helpful. We really enjoy the complimentary continental breakfast in the lounge. I have recommended this hotel to friends and family and will continue to do so. It is the perfect place to stay in NY.	
Sep 30 2008 	We Will Return	We have just returned from our first trip to NYC. We spent four days/nights and loved the Hotel Elysee, mainly for its great location. Staff was very accomodating when we requested a room on an upper level at the back as our first night on the fifth floor was disrupted due to garbage trucks and street noise. Everything else about this boutique feeling hotel was excellent. It was recommended to us by friends and we know others who have stayed there and they return as well.	
Sep 29 2008 	Hotel Elysee is a very special place!!	From the moment you arrive, you're made to feel special and given one-on-one top notch service. We were pleasantly surprised to learn of an upgrade upon our arrival. Our room was spectacular (although no true view). Every member of the hotel, regardless of their 'role' were knowledgeable and extremely courteous. The character of the hotel is truly one of a kind!	
Sep 24 2008 	Hidden gem in New York	This is my second time here. Quiet; rooms are nice and clean. Rather small and personalized hotel. No hoards of people but no hotel store, no big lobby. Bathroom works well- shower is great. Excellently located. Friendly staff. Quick check-in and check-out. Some trouble using the web-site reservation system. Executive lounge (available to all) is comfortable; breakfast is limitd but of good quality- good coffee. The restaurant: Monkey Bar is closed for renovations, but plenty of good restaurants within 150 yards. Hotel priced just right and also seems to price more evenly- without wild price swings according to occupancy, which I appreciate.	
Sep 3 2008 	Fantastic Stay at Hotel Elysee	My family and I stayed at the Hotel Elysee in New York City for 2 nights and really loved it. We have 2 children ages 9 and 12. The rooms were kept meticulously clean and the hotel staff were very helpful with suggestions for dinner as well as providing great directions for getting around the city on the subway. A courteous and friendly hotel staff definitely makes one's stay more enjoyable.The hotel is in a great location and convenient to everything. My wife and daughter caught a Broadway musical and my son and I caught the subway out to Yankee Stadium. Both very easy and convenient to get to from the hotel. The hotel even had loaner umbrellas for guests to use since it did rain quite a bit while we were there. The complimentary breakfast included with our room was fantastic and one less thing to worry about during our stay.We stayed in a suite and it was very spacious with luxurious amenities. The kids slept on the hide-away bed in the family room sofa while my wife and I slept peacefully in the nicely decorated bedroom. Although we did not have a chance to use the kitchen inside the suite due to our schedule while in town, we could have made a home-cooked meal right in our room had we wanted to.I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to New York City, whether on vacation or business.	
Sep 2 2008 	Very enjoyable stay	We had a very enjoyable stay at the hotel. The location was great. The check-in procedure was very efficient. The staff were very pleasant and helpful.The club room was a real bonus as it provided a place to relax, with free coffee and snacks, overlooking the street without having to venture out into the Midtown crowds. The only problem was that the hairdrier in the bathroom didn't work. We reported that to reception and a replacement was provided.	
Aug 30 2008 	Why stay anywhere else?	We have stayed here several times and we have never been disappointed. The rooms are large and this time we had a room with a beautiful outdoor patio. It's location is great. It's close to the theater district , great stores, and several subway lines. The staff is very friendly and professional. The complimentery continental breakfast is amazing. There are a large variety of fresh fruits, breads and cereals. this would cost $30 anywhere else. The same holds true for the wine and cheese every weekday evening. All of this in a lovely sitting area and library with free internet connections. My wife and I are already looking forward to our next stay there. This is simply a very charming and wonderful place to stay.	
Aug 27 2008	great place	They gave us a very spacious room since we needed a crib for our toddler. Staff made every effort to accommodate all our requests, including microwaving food in the evening for our daughter and making a number of excellent suggestions for dining. I definitely recommend this hotel, even if you are traveling with children.	
Aug 25 2008 	Great Hotel with little extras	Hi,I Spent two night here with my wife on Fri 15th &amp; Sat 16th August. Rooms were very spacious with their own kitchen area and seperate hallway which made the room bigger. There was plenty of wardrobe space with an iron and ironing board. An excellent added feature is the wine and or'dovres that are served on week nights only, also the free breakfast provides an excellent start to the day without having to fish around looking for somewhere to have breakfast. The one issue I had was that the Monkey Bar is under renovation and was not open and this was not advertised on their website.the location is excellent, beside Park Ave. and about a 10 min walk to Times Sq.	
Aug 24 2008 	Everything we expected and more!	An amazing place - trust all the good reviews on this site. They're definitely true and then some!	
Aug 18 2008 	Wonderful wonderful!	This was our fourth trip to the City and wanted to stay somewhere quiet and peaceful - unlike most chain hotels! We took our eleven year old son so we could go see Yankee Stadium and the New York Waterfalls. My son raved about the hotel. Wanted to know when we were coming back and said that he didn't want to stay anywhere else. He actually wanted to stay all day in the room. I would have also but you can't do that in Manhattan!! We enjoyed the view from our hotel windows. My son especially loved the little deli across the street - perfect for a quick bite to eat at the sidewalk &quot;park&quot; maintained across the street from the hotel. The breakfast was great and the rooms were fantastic! I loved the bedding and pillows. The tv was a little small but while we were there, we saw stacks of flat screen television boxes being unloaded. Looks like an upgrade is coming soon!Very disappointed that the Monkey Bar was closed but don't despair - it is under renovation. We are already planning on another trip and I know just where I will stay!	
Aug 16 2008	Stay here!	My daughter and I stayed at the Elysee from 9 - 15 August, and would recommend it to anyone planning a visit to New York.Rooms are spacious and clean, the complimentary canapes and wine on weekdays are a nice touch, but the superb location of the hotel and the friendliness and helpfulness of all the staff made it a fantastic first trip to New York for us. We'll be back!	
Aug 13 2008 	A wonderful stay - could not have been better	My husband and I stayed at the Elysee hotel from July 30th to August 5th. Having done a massive amount of research on NYC hotels, and having stayed in the city three times previously, we wanted to stay somewhere away from the hustle and bustle of Broadway but within reach of all NYC's best attractions. The Elysee's location was superb as all of the 5th/Madison/Lexington Avenue shopps plus Central Park were minutes away and Broadway was either a ten minute walk or a short subway ride away. The hotel has a convenient subway station located at the back of the block it sits on.Our room was located on the 11th floor and we arrived to a very prompt and polite welcome. As it was to be our honeymoon, and the hotel were aware of this through their booking online service, after we had entered our delightful hotel room, we were pleasantly surprised by the gift of a bottle of Prosecco and some superb chocolates sent up by the management of the hotel, wishing us their congratulations.Our room was always kept beautifully clean, the maid always serviced the room whilst we were out on our many visits around Manhattan. The room was spacious and had a very elegant feel to it. The windows were double glazed. we were at the front of the hotel and were never disturbed by road/traffic noise (although if visiting NYC you would probably expect this). The aircon does make a noise but its hardly something to complain about. we stayed in NYC during 32 degree heat and were not disturbed by the airconditioning as this is something again you would expect to hear and it is entirely under your own control.The breakfast/evening wine and cheese were also excellent and had plenty to choose from, the club room was such a lovely area to sit and relax in.Overall, I cannot fault our stay at this hotel. The staff were extremely professional and could not do enough to help us on a daily basis yet were not intrusive. Any concerns/questions were met with a serious yet friendly response and all staff always met us with a smile and a hello, which can often be very hard to find in such a city. On future visits, my husband and I will only stay here and have recommended this hotel to many of our friends who are thinking of paying NYC a visit.Thank you Elysee!!!	
Aug 12 2008 	Quaint Yet Elegant	My husband used Trip Advisor to find a hotel for our 25th anniversary trip and it did not let us down with this elegant boutique hotel right in the heart of the city. Hotel Elysee is in a great location and the staff is extremely accommodating and friendly.The room was large (especially by NYC standards), clean, comfortable, and beautifully decorated. There was even a small bar area with a refrigerator. The king sized bed had luxurious linens and slept like a dream.We enjoyed the weekday evening drinks and appetizers on the 2nd floor club room area. It was a nice touch before heading out to a play or dinner. The continental breakfast was great too--especially in a city hotel! There were servers there to make sure everything was attended too--they even toasted the bagels and brought them to you.We asked for a late check out due to the time of our flight and were graciously given 3 extra hours and then they stored our luggage until time to hail our cab to the airport and back home again. We will definitely stay at the Hotel Elysee when we return to NYC!	
Aug 11 2008 	Hotel Elysee- many pluses and a few minuses	My daughter and I just returned from New York, where we spent five days at the Hotel Elysee. This small hotel is located in Midtown East, which gives it easy access to most destinations in Manhattan, including the museums along Upper Fifth Avenue, the theatre district and many restaurants. Shops along Park and Lexington Aves, including Bloomingdales, are also very close.We enjoyed our stay, appreciating the pleasant staff and the bright dining area where guests could gather for a substantial continental breakfast. Coffee and tea and fresh fruit were available all day, with wine and cheese in the late afternoon. Our blessedly quiet room had plenty of space,- always a plus in New York- consisting of a foyer with an ample closet and marble-topped dresser and a good-sized bedroom. There was a pretty , well-maintained bathroom off the foyer . There were a few disappointments. The carpeting was pretty worn and had a few stains and, though I want to emphasize that the bedding and towels were impeccably fresh, I did wonder when the elaborate drapes had last been cleaned. I also noticed that the television set was ancient, with a very small screen. I don't go to New York to watch TV but I was ill one day and found it disappointing that a better set had not been provided. The single elevator was comically slow, as it seemed to be determined to go all the way up to the top floor before returning to the lobby.Although I think our room was overdue for renovation, the hotel is well-run and should still have a lot of appeal for travelers who are looking for a more intimate, European feeling than the large chains can provide.	
Aug 10 2008 	My favorite place	Hotel Elysee continues to be my favorite spot in NYC. It never disappoints...the service &amp; welcome, the lovely rooms, the library where coffee is served all day..and of course the location is ideal.	
Aug 7 2008	Hotel Elysee is my home away from home	Although I am now living in California, New York is where I was born and I go back at least twice a year to NYC to see friends and be part of the city life. Hotel Elysee is where I have been staying for the last 10 years - it feels like my home away from home. I love everything about it especially its history and location. The second floor club room is a great place to meet my friends and I love reading the NY Times on a Sunday morning. The staff is gracious and the rooms remind me of being in Europe. I always enjoy my stay there.	
Aug 5 2008	Little Gem	What a pretty little hotel !!! It was our 38 th anniversary and the staff could not be nicer !!!The room was clean and tastefully decorated.We loved the terrace off our room. How romantic !!!  We had our continental breakfast in our room and it was delicious.We can't wait to go back again !!!! It is our special little place.	
Aug 4 2008 	A small boutique hotel in the middle of the big apple	My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Elysee for two nights in late July. True to TripAdvisor reviews, the hotel is just beautiful. The location is excellent, the service very good, the rooms beautiful and I might even say spacious (for New York City...).We asked for a room on a top floor and away from the elevator and received just that. Room 152 on the 15th floor. Truly quiet, and quaint - it actually reminded us of a romantic hotel we stayed at in Venice, Italy.Breakfast was very nice. The snacks in the evening a bit disappointing (but still a nice touch).Only two small drawbacks: there is only one elevator and you may find yourself waiting for it for a couple of minutes. Secondly, we asked for a late check-out and they granted us 30 minutes only (over an hour is charged at $100).	
Aug 2 2008 	Just wonderful!!	The Elysee is a truly superb little hotel in midtown Manhattan. The location is perfect, the staff could not be more friendly and helpful, the rooms are elegant, the bed, bath and linens are gorgeous, and the price is quite reasonable for NYC. My daughter and I spent 6 days here, and it was simply wonderful. Especially in the summer, the &quot;name&quot; hotels with their large lobbies can become engorged with masses of folks waiting for their tour leaders or their buses. The Elysee has a very small entry lobby, but an elegant large room on the second floor, where a daily complimentary breakfast and evening cocktails are served. The quality of the complimentary nightly wine and cheese (not available on the weekends) is excellent. There is no little coffee maker in the room - but every type of tea, coffee, cookies and fruit are available to guests 24/7 in the 2nd floor lounge. There are no stains on the carpets, the French provincial furniture is covered in elegant silks, and the rooms are decorated with lovely old and antique furnishings. We loved our stay at the Elysee - and, of course, we'll be back.	
Jul 29 2008	Hotel Elysee FANTASTIC	Of all the hotels we have stayed in over our forty years of marriage , Hotel Elysee had to be the most pleasant, rooms, food and most importantly the staff. Restaurant reservations were made and confirmed for us in advance of our arrival. We could have paid double for a room and not received as good service. The location on 54th street is ideal. We plan a January visit and will stay at the Hotel Elysee.This hotel is a must when you visit New York.RegardsElaine &amp; Ron	
Jul 29 2008 	A very special hotel	Our trip to Manhattan was a very special one as I was taking my parents to visit with my brother and his family who they had not seen in over 7 years. The Hotel Elysee was highly recommended by a friend and business colleague. The fact that the staff called me the day before my departure to confirm my visit was rather impressive. Once we got there it was very evident that attention to detail and first class service was the order of the day.The staff in every instance was outstanding in their delivery of service and went out of their way to be helpful. I would like to congratulate Mr John Avina the GM for heading up such a remarkable team. The location was also idea, we were able to walk to the shops and several great restaurants. Whenever we did need a cab, Tony and the rest of the doormen were always on hand. The suite was spacious and more than adequately met our requirements. The breakfast staff were always prompt and so willing to please.I have no hesitation in highly recommending this hotel and would certainly consider it for a return visit.	
Jul 28 2008	Great Hotel	The hotel is clean, comfortable, well-located and has a great staff. We were upgraded to a suite, which really spoiled us - large sitting room, dining table, small kitchenette and separate bedroom.The breakfast was a nice size and actually pretty good.A slight warning - the bed is on the hard side. I thought it was fine, but my husband thought it was uncomfortable. The only other complaint we could come up with was that the TVs didn't get all of the channels they were supposed to. We didn't complain to the staff about it because we spent very little time actually watching it. Despite those 2 small complaints, I'd still definitely recommend it.	
Jul 27 2008	Excellent	Hotel Elysee was recommended by a family friend who is known for his excellent taste so I knew this would be a wonderful experience. The service was outstanding, especially the breakfast/snacks and the people at the front desk. They gave my mom and me wonderful recommendations for restaurants. I will agree with other reviewers that the rooms are in need of an update as far as decor is concerned. The hairdryers mounted on the wall are the old ones that look like vacuum hoses. My solution to that problem was to ask the front desk for a hairdryer, which was then promptly delivered to my room. The location of the hotel is ideal for those who want to see plays, walk in Central Park and shop Madison and 5th Avenues. The Subway is just around the corner, so access to the rest of the city is easy.	
Jul 27 2008 	Best hotel in New York City	Its been a little over one week since my stay at the Hotel Elysee. I was so happy with my stay that writting a possitive review is the least I can do. It was my second trip to N.Y.C. with my granddaughter. She just turned 16, and as her birthday present I planned a trip to New York for the Bon Jovi concert. Everything had to be perfect, especially the hotel. I spent several weeks deciding on a hotel near mid-town/central park area. I read all the reviews and checked out all the hotels and kept comming back to the Elysee. It had the best location, for the money, and the best reviews. I wasn't disapointed and can't thank the staff enough for such unreal customer service. This is what impressed me. I get an instant e-mail confirmation. Then within 3 days of travel they again contact me by phone to confirm my reservation. Then the biggest problem turned out to be a blessing. My room was on the noisey side of the street, and was given a queen bed insted of my requested king. They offered to relocate me the next day to a king 3 floors up. The next day, the garbage trucks come at 5:30 am, everyday, and while I was site seeing they call to let me know my room was ready and up graded to a suite . They were always polite and seemed to care about they're customers. And even displayed alittle sence of humor.  As for the room, clean and spacious, even the Queen rooom was nice. Large by N.Y. standards with spacious baths. They had an old time hair dryer, witch didn't work but was quickly corrected by bringing us a hand held dryer. Again excellent service. The suite was breathtaking, 2 tv's and soft, extremly comfortable king sized bed, and, every quite! I loved my stay, and strongly reccomend this hotel for anyone traveling to N.Y.C. I will diffenately return, and again I'd like to take everyone connected to the Hotel Elysee.	
Jul 25 2008 	Great stay at The Hotel Elysee	We just returned from a five night stay at the Hotel Elysee. We had read all the wonderful reviews they have received and were hopeful that they were accurate. Everything is true. We had two connecting rooms, guaranteed by the hotel for our college-aged sons and ourselves. One room had two double beds and the other a king. The rooms were lovely and spacious. They were private and quiet although only on the fourth floor. We had read that the rooms might be noisy but there was very little street noise and a nice street view. The location of the hotel is great. The breakfast and the wine and cheese in the club room are wonderful. This made our stay truly relaxing. We could go to the club room at anytime also for cookies, tea and coffee. Also the free internet in the rooms and computer in the club room are a great value considering that most New York hotels charge for this service. We had an air conditioner burn out in our room and it was fixed promptly with very courteous service. The front desk staff and bellman were always helpful and very nice. Overall it was a great experience and we will return.	
Jul 25 2008 	Fabulous experience	Originally were supposed to stay 4 nights to celebrate our wedding anniversary, but had to cut the trip short and only able to stay one night. On arrival, were told we'd been upgraded to a suite. It was beautiful and service at every step was excellent. The club room where complimentary cocktails and continental breakfast are served is very pleasant and comfortable. The Elysee atmosphere is definitely &quot;old world European&quot; and the furnishings and decor reflect that - very pretty. Not inexpensive - but good value for the money. We hope to return to Hotel Elysee.	
Jul 8 2008 	Wonder Place to Stay	We had a layover in New York City and had never been there before. We were looking for a hotel close to some of the cites and easy to get to and from both JFK and La Guardia Airports.We were able to walk to central park, time square and eat at Carnegies Deli all from this hotelThe Hotel Staff was very helpful. The hotel rooms were great. I would staff here again.	
Jul 8 2008	Still a winner...	We have been staying here for years and it is always our first choice. Small, safe, well located...it is a gem. Rooms are on the small side, but adequate. The amenities of the hotel make up for it. Adult oriented and very international. Hope to go back.	
Jul 7 2008 	Great hotel and location	Stayed for three nights after checking many hotels in Mid-town Manhattan. Rooms were clean, could use new carpet. A/C somewhat noisy. Staff and location made up for this. Complimentary continental breakfast could be easily upgraded to include a couple of hot items, such as oatmeal, eggs other than hard-boiled, and a toaster would be nice for the bread offered. Complimentary wine and cheese should be offered on weekend nights also. Would recommended and stay again, compared to nearby hotels.	
Jul 7 2008 	Wonderful Stay	My wife and I stayed at the Elysee for 7 nights in June. The stay as wonderful, with excellent care shown by the hotel staff.Breakfast was provided daily at the lounge. I shouldn't be complaining, but I guess about the only issue I have with this was the lack of variation when it came to the breakfast buffet menu. Otherwise, as I have said, my wife and I was given perfect service, and we would certainly stay there again if we do visit NY.	
Jul 6 2008 	Excellent but could be better	This is a wonderful property in a good location in Manhattan. The staff were very accommodating, and our suite was very comfortable. There were two things that kept me from rating this as excellent. First, the club room, which is where continental breakfast and afternoon wine and hors d'oeuvres are served, both complimentary, is understaffed. As a result, tables are not bussed in a timely manner, and it was often difficult to find a place to sit at breakfast. Second, the hotel does not have a fitness facility on premises. They have an arrangement with a health club several blocks away, and although that might not be uncommon in Manhattan, I still think that is a negative. Otherwise, our stay there was very enjoyable.	
Jun 30 2008 	Our favorite hotel in NYC	I brought my daughter to NYC this past weekend for her 10th birthday and we stayed at the Hotel Elysee, as our family always does when we come to NYC. We have stayed at a variety of Manhattan hotels over the years, but once we had been to Hotel Elysee a few years ago, we never have stayed anywhere else, whether it is my husband and I travelling together or one or both of us with one or both of our daughters (now 10 and 13). The hotel is lovely, the staff courteous and helpful --- and the location couldn't be more convenient.	
Jun 27 2008 	The Best	Wonderful location; convenient to midtown without being in the awfulness of Times Square. Knowledgable and friendly staff. Only problem- it is expensive. Plus side- it is worth it.	
Jun 24 2008 	Rare Find	This was our first stay at the Hotel Elysee and it was a very memorable one. I loved the quaintness of the hotel. The staff was very helpful and always polite. Our room was a very comfortable size and very nicely decorated. I would definitely return to the Elysee.	
Jun 22 2008	Loved our stay!!!!	Stayed at the Hotel Elysee for three nights and it was wonderful. The room was large for New York, very clean &amp; quiet, (a plus in midtown NY!) Staff was very helpful &amp; the continental breakfast &amp; evening wine &amp; snacks was an added plus!!	
Jun 20 2008 	Fabulous Hotel	The Hotel Elysee is well located in Mid-town. The room was lovely and very comfortable. We especially liked the breakfast and cocktails on the 2nd floor. The staff was courteous and professional and our every request was met. I left an item in the room and it was sent to me the next day. We will definitely return to Hotel Elysee.	
Jun 13 2008	Loved the Elysee!	The room was HUGE. The staff anticipated our requests. The bell man arranged tentative airport transport without our asking. We had only to approve his choice.Since our flight didn't leave until 8 pm, the use of the club room and a place to change our clothes transformed the last day of our honeymoon.We had moved over from the Waldorf (having wanted to try it once in our lives)--no comparison. How can they get away with charging 50% above the Elysee?We want to come back, they made us feel more than at home!	
Jun 8 2008 	Loved the Elysee	We have stayed at several hotels in NYC but the Elysee is by far and away the best. The room was excellent and we had a fantastic terrace which was great as the weather was good. Continental breakfast is ok, filling, with a good selection. Free wine and canapes in the evening is a definite bonus! The room we had was a double and definitely not small, in fact by NYC standards, it was positively spacious and the bathroom was beautifully appointed and spotlessly clean. The staff were absolutely fine, very helpful and friendly. We tried the Monkey Bar and restaurant in the hotel, and would definitely recommend this. Some of the dishes were unfamiliar (although we are widely travelled) but our server was really knowledgeable and helpful when it came to choosing our dishes. We had a good meal and will go again.Also, the location of the hotel is excellent and contrary to other reviews on TA, we did not find it noisy. I am really glad we cancelled our Hilton reservations and chose this hotel instead - we will definitely book again!	
Jun 7 2008 	Will never return to this hotel	My wife and I had booked a 5 night stay in this hotel having chosen it on internet. Upon arrival, we were received by the most uncourteous front desk person I have never encountered in my long years of travelling. I had a question on the hotel debiting my credit card of the overal bill in advance, question to which that person answered that if I did not like it, I could go to another hotel in NYC ! Since the cancellation notice was 48 hours, we left the hotel after two days stay. I had asked to see the hotel manager, who, of course, never showed up.A part of this extremely unpleasant experience, the hotel is just very, very average. Location is OK, hotel is quite noisy. Breakfast was mediocre, and the so-called evening drinks were nothing but an indifferent wine with cheap cookies.Needless to say will never return to that place again.	
Jun 2 2008 	Enchanting Elysee	My husband and I were enchanted by the Hotel Elysee during our two night midweek stay. We chose the hotel solely because of its proximity to the Museum of Modern Art. Little did we know we would fall in love with nearly everything about the place.If you've ever stayed in a small hotel in Paris offseason, you know how it feels to have all the benefits and privacy of a hotel stay with the warmth and hospitality of a visit with good friends (who also happen to have a lovely home).The moment our taxi driver dropped us off a couple of hundred feet short of our hotel, the Elysee bellman rushed over to welcome us and take our luggage off our hands. When we walked into the lobby, four fresh smiling faces greeted us from behind the reception desk. These young men and women couldn't have been nicer or more helpful, and I swear they never go home or sleep! Our room was on the seventh floor and faced the street. It was small but impeccably decorated and laid out. There was a wee bit of street noise but nothing unusual or jarring. We had a gracious sitting area where we enjoyed a bottle of champagne, a desk (with free Wifi) overlooking the great architecture of E. 54th St., a handsome marble bathroom with a terrific shower, a very, very comfortable bed, and tons of closet and drawer space. After long days of sightseeing, dining and shopping, we enjoyed coming &quot;home&quot; to &quot;sit a spell&quot; in the second floor library and dining area. There's nothing like some coffee, cookies, and a few minutes of quiet time on a comfy couch to reinvigorate you before a big night out on the streets of NY. The daily breakfast and happy hour were simple, but gracious, touches that added to our comfort and relaxation.The Monkey Bar next door was a great place to meet friends before heading out for dinner -- everyone in NY seems to know that spot.We've visited New York 10-12 times over the years, and we try a new hotel each and every time. After this trip, I no longer feel the need to do that -- I'm ready to make a commitment. My husband and I agree that we will return to Hotel Elysee -- at last, we've found our little New York home.	
May 30 2008 	Elysee is great option	Always love the location of the Elysee. Staff was friendly and concierge helped to make dinner reservations. Room &amp; bathroom were on the small side and could use updating. Would stay here again...for the right price!	
May 27 2008 	European feel good Manhattan value	Our family stayed at the Elysee over Memorial Weekend. We had two rooms, one in front on the 4th floor, and one in the rear on the 8th floor. Neither had a terrace or any special feature. The lower front rooms should be avoided due to noise. The windows are single glazed and every street noise comes in, almost amplified at times--conversations across the street could be heard, but garbage pick-up was the worst. ASK FOR UPPER AND REAR!!!That being said, the hotel is very well located in midtown, and is a good value for Manhattan. It felt very like a smaller European hotel--smallish rooms, but well kept. Minimal lobby, but pleasant concierge and bell staff. The breakfast buffet was nice--not special--but the staff went out of their way to help--toasting bagels and so forth. The weekday wine and cheese hour is also nice--I wish it were on the weekends as well!The Monkey Bar restaurant was fun. The food is Asian fusion, served family style, and is quite good. I have no idea why Open Table limited available reservations to 6:30 and 8:15--we went into an absolutely empty restaurant! I also did not sense any dress code (jackets for gentlemen) on the weekend--it seemed quite low key. I recommend the Elysee for a good midtown value and a small, European style stay.	
May 27 2008	Excellent Boutique Hotel	We selected the Hotel Elysee for our 10 year Anniversary. We have stayed at other upscale hotels in the city but liked the warmth and the intimacy of this property. The staff was very gracious and welcoming. The only minor difficulty was getting a taxi for dinner. (Leave extra time for the bellman to hail you one!!!)We will definately return to this hotel.	
May 20 2008	Fabulous in every way	A fabulous hotel in every way. Great location, beautiful room and helpful staff. The buffet breakfast was lovely and the afternoon wine and nibbles were very welcome. We were really happy with the hotel and would definitely return.	
May 19 2008 	Elysee A Disappointment	I expected a luxury hotel and not a step back in time. While the hotel may have been a jewel some years ago, at not time do I expect to encounter dust (on top of the armoire and on the headboard). Lighting was dim everywhere, the elevator was slow in arriving every time and the bathtub had all the height of a wine bottle. The hairdryer had tubing attached to it that looked like central vacuuming and I wondered if they had Ernestine on the switchboard somewhere. The continental breakfast was nice enough but for the price, I was very disappointed in the hotel.I'd asked for a room on a high floor to avoid street noise and was not given one although I booked more than a month in advance. The noise was noticeable immediately. I asked to be moved and was put on a lower floor facing the 'courtyard' which is a large grouping of fan coil units which was noisier than the traffic had been. My planned four night stay turned into a one night stay and a search for something nicer. I found it at The Millenium Broadway which exceeded expectations.	
May 12 2008 	Elysee = Perfection	New York City is the epicenter for so many of the world's finest things: food, fashion, business and finance, etc. So it always stuns me when I see chain restaurants and hotels packed with tourists when so many unbelieveable options exist to truly have that quintessential &quot;New York Experience.&quot;My wife and I came here for a week long vacation and to visit family. We chose the Elysee for its close proxmity to shopping, restaurants, and entertainment. It came through in every way imaginable. The rooms were clean, elegant, and comfortable. The staff was incredibly accomodating and offered world class service. When you stay at the Elysee, you really feel like a guest in a someone's home instead of some drone in some 40 story monolith with a fanny pack and an I heart NY t-shirt on. John the general manager personally went out of his way to make sure we had the best vacation possible. It was that small attention to detail that truly made our vacation as relaxing and memorable as it could be.PROS: Close to subway, world class restaurants, shopping, Central Park, excellent service without being overbearing, clean and comfortable rooms, free breakfast, free happy hour with wine and snacks, SERVICE, SERVICE, SERVICECONS: The hotel could not do anything about it raining our last day there.Rest assured, the Hotel Elysee will meet your expectatios and more. If you have never been to NYC, do NOT eat at TGI Friday or Crapplebee's, do NOT stay at some chain hotel. Stay at the Hotel Elysee and revel in the outstanding service, quality rooms, and perfect location.	
May 7 2008 	Fabulous find in Manhattan	Our 6-night stay at the Hotel Elysee was all we had hoped forand more! Our room (junior suite, no. 144) was perfect -- including THE most comfortable hotel bed we have ever slept in! The entire staff was attentive, gracious, courteous and helpful, from the concierge crew to the young women who delivered our room service breakfasts to the doormen and bellmen. The location is unbeatable -- close to all the shopping anyone could want, plus Rockefeller Center, Central Park, and many terrific restaurants.An added bonus is the Monkey Bar restaurant downstairs -- we ordered room service dinner two nights we were there and marveled at the quality of the food. We are from California's Wine Country, a bastion of fine dining, but no meal we've had in Sonoma or Napa rivaled what Chef Christopher Cheung is turning out at the Monkey Bar. Bravo!Having walked through the likes of the Waldorf-Astoria, the Palace and other grand hotels nearby, we would still opt for the boutique charms of the Elysee. Having such a lovely and comfortable place to return to after each day's adventure made our New York sojourn special indeed. Worth EVERY penny.We look forward to our next trip to Manhattan, and will definitely plan to stay at the Elysee.	
May 1 2008 	Perfect in every way!	We just returned from a 2 night stay at the Hotel Elysee, chosen on the basis of these reviews. What can I say besides &quot;perfect in every way&quot;? Fabulous location, first-class restaurants all within walking distance (and even across the street), adorable ambiance, lovely spacious room, European feel, fantastic breakfast and week-night wine and cheese reception that comes with the price of the room, a reasonable price for that great a location, helpful but not overly cutsey front desk staff, free internet, I could go on and on. Suffice it to say that we will now be staying at Hotel Elysee on every NY trip. Never have to stay in another over-priced large chain again. I would only recommend booking well in advance since this hotel gets consistently great reviews.	
May 1 2008 	Great location 	Hotel Elysee is the third of the four HK Hotels at which I've stayed in NYC (Library Hotel &amp; Casablanca Hotel are the other two). All have offered reasonable rates (by NYC standards), with some very nice amenities not usually found for that price (extended continental breakfast &amp; evening wine reception). The room at Hotel Elysee (which is in a very convenient location in midtown) was the largest of the three hotels &amp; very clean (my FIRST &amp; most important criterion). While the AC/heating unit was a bit noisy, I could find no other fault with the room. Comfortable bed, quiet, beautiful marble bathroom, large closet, complimentary robes, etc. Staff was very pleasant, although having been to the city many times, I did not ask for restaurant or other types of recommendations/conceirge services.Considering the large chain hotels (Hyatt, Marriott, Hilton) had rates that were almost twice the cost of the Hotel Elysee--with very little/no &quot;charm,&quot; I would never stay at one of those again as long as I could get a room here.	
Apr 29 2008	Up to our expectations	An excellent stay at the Elysee. We had a wonderful large room on 14th Floor which had a balcony and view which was just what we asked for. The breakfast and afternoon cheese and wine were really enjoyed. The hotel is ideally situated close to main attractions and Central Park and just across the road from Metro but in a very quiet road. Would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 16 2008 	Great value 	We made our reservation based on other Trip Advisor reviews and were very impressed with the hotel. It is an excellent location in the heart of things yet tucked away so that is quiet. We stayed on the 14th floor and our room had a beautiful, large balcony. We knew hotel rooms in NYC were expensive and thought that we would get an average room for big price, but we both feel that the hotel far exceeded our expectations. The quality of the furnishings and bedding and amenities are top-notch. The helpful and knowledgeable front desk crew were able to provide us with good information and recommendations. The breakfast and afternoon refreshments were top quality. Also having free access to the internet in our room and access to a computer in the breakfast room was a huge plus. We will definitely stay here on future trips to the city and will highly recommend this hotel to our friends.	
Apr 8 2008 	One of the best in NYC - You'll love it	If you like French style, you'll love this hotel. This is one of my all time favorites in NYC. The hotel is very conveniently located for everything in midtown. You can walk to most shops and attractions. The rooms are very traditional. Bathrooms are beautiful with wonderful thick towels. Complimentary breakfast is served in the Club Room every morning and they also offer a complimentary wine and cheese reception late afternoon to early evening. Other beverages and snacks are also available free of charge. It's a great way to relax late in the day after seeing the city. This hotel feels like a home away from home and we chose it because of the traditional look. Fun place to stay.	
Apr 2 2008 	Would stay there again!	Our first stay in Manhattan in awhile. This Hotel is just beautiful!The suite was spacious and spotless. The bathroom was beautiful. The bed was wonderfully comfortable. The staff could not have been nicer or more competent. We will definitely be going back there.	
Mar 31 2008 	Underwhelmed vs expectations	We expected more for our ~$375 a night. While our room was fair sized (for NY standards) and had a nice bathroom, there were some issues with the property. First, the heating system in our room was extremely noisy when it kicked in. We were awakened every night at least once as the heater/radiator clunked and clinked into action. Second, with only 1 elevator for the entire hotel and 15 floors of rooms, we always waited several minutes for the elevator to arrive. Last, the bed linens were clean, but scratchy - again not quite up to snuff for the price.On the plus side, the morning breakfast was a great convenience. And the afternoon wine and cheese was a nice surprise.	
Mar 28 2008	We loved Elysee Hotel	We were looking for a 4 stars hotel because I went with my girlfriend last June.One of things I liked more was the location and that it was built on the first of 20th century it has been refurbished at all.We made the reservation on [-], it was nice because I had to modify one date to check in and between the hotel and gumtrip.com resolve the problem quickly.Other things We liked very much was the staff, they knew many original places to recommend us of the city and the fancy rooms.I have a good opinion of this hotel.	
Mar 27 2008	Excellent Hotel!	My daughter and I had a deluxe king room at the Hotel Elysee; it was a large room by NYC hotel standards and well decorated. The complimentary breakfast was very good. The staff were very accomodating and helped us with restaurant reservations. I stay in New York frequently and this is, by far, the best hotel experience I've had in some time. Highly recommended.Karen Gettman	
Mar 20 2008 	Great stay	+: Great location, good size room for Manhattan, comfortable bed.-: Could be better selection at breakfast, street noise.	
Mar 12 2008 	Top Spot!	First time at this hotel and really liked it. Firstly a very good location right between Pk and 5th so good for business and shopping. Very low key, low rise compared to most hotels I've stayed at in NY but better for it. Very welcoming staff. Room was just great and surprisingly big for the price. Bathroom good also. I have to say that staying on the back on the 4th floor the noise of the air conditioning fans was quite extreme but as I wasn't staying for long I was not that bothered but I know if I'd come with my wife she would have been very upset by that. If you have the choice you need to try and get higher or at the front. I had a great lunch at the small italian - Cellini - opposite the hotel and I recommend that also. (about $30 for lunch with a glass of wine). The complimentary breakfast on the second floor from 7am is excellent and you have a huge choice of cereals, pastries,croissants, fruit, various coffees etc. Very comfortable room with loads of the days papers etc. I didn't try the complimentary wine in the evening or the Monkey bar which looked good. All in all a great find and I can't see anybody being disappointed with a stay here. I shall certainly be returning as this is one of the only hotels in central Manhattan which comes within my companies budget. If you can't get in here my brother stays at the Warwick just nearby and likes it.	
Mar 3 2008	Awesome location AND service	You can't find a better location with a reasonable price. I have stayed there twice and both rooms were perfect to a detail. The concierge desk is staffed with perfect gentlemen, and your wish is their command! The Monkey Bar next door and wonderful restaurant allows you to return from your daily activites and then never leave the property. A very ample variety of breakfast foods are served on the 2nd floor parlor, and tea and coffee and a business center are available there all day. I won't stay anywhere else in midtown!	
Mar 2 2008 	Great place for an Anniversary!	Staff was fabulous, went out of their way to see that our stay was great. Excellent restaurant referals. Quiet clean rooms. Will go back!	
Feb 28 2008 	Newly found gem	Elysee was recommended by friends who have been longtime patrons of the hotel and our visit confirmed their praises. Entire staff - - (front desk,maids,bellmen,clubroom staff) could not have been more pleasant and accommodating. Couldn't ask for a better location.Our suite except for the relative smallness of the bathroom was well appointed and most comfortable. The hotel is quiet and a wonderful respite from the hustle and bustle of the city just outside.The offerings of the clubroom in all aspects were exceptional. I have stayed in many four and five star hotels in New York and will prefer to return to the Elysee.	
Feb 19 2008	Wonderful stay	The staff are always friendly; the location is convenient to shopping and museums, located close to bus and subway lines. Breakfast and afternoon tea is delightful.	
Feb 2 2008	Genuine good service and an overall nice hotel	I have stayed at this hotel for few nights three of four times a year for over a decade. I am motivated to leave this review to recognise that it isn't easy to delivery the same level of service over such a long period of time, This can't be any individual, it has to be the result of the hotel's culture. The breakfast is good, the wine and cheese in the evening generous and enjoyable. There are a range of room types but all with the same style of elegant, albeit a little faded decor. While my friends stay at more well known hotels in the area and I have tried them too, I return to The Elysee and am never disappointed.	
Jan 28 2008 	Wonderful boutique hotel in the best part of Manhattan	The Elysee is a wonderful small hotel with excellent staff at a great location. Great staff, cookies and coffee in the PM and breakfast in the AM. The most civilized hotel in NY for my needs. Not a kids hotel, but an adult location for the discerning NY tourist and person to stay for personal or business needs.	
Jan 20 2008	first time at Hotel Elysee - loved it!	We loved everything about the Hotel Elysee. Our room was very comfortable, spacious and clean. We enjoyed spending time in the club room on the second floor, for breakfast and afternoon snacks, and as a quiet place to meet with old friends we hadn't seen in years. But what made our stay so memorable was the staff. Everyone - the manager, the front desk/concierge men and women, the waitresses in the club room, the porters and cleaners - all were exceptionally friendly and attentive. During our stay, we came to see the hotel staff as a happy family sharing a genuine interest in ensuring that we, as their guests, were perfectly satisfied at all times. We will definitely stay at Hotel Elysee again when we are next in New York.	
Jan 18 2008 	Couldn't have asked for more	Our trip to New York was made all the more enjoyable by staying at this hotel. What drew us to the Elysee was the fact that a complimentary breakfast was included in the price. What a breakfast! Continental it may have been but there was always plenty on offer wwith the curteous staff always ready to replenish an empty plate. The evening brought wine along with biscuits, cheese and various other nibbles. Again this was complimentary and far exceeded our expectations. The room was very comfortable and clean with fresh towels every day and the bed turned down at night. The staff were all very friendly and keen to help. The location of the hotel was ideal for us being away from most of the biz but still within walking distance. I would certainly go back to the Elysee if making another trip to NY	
Jan 14 2008 	Excellent Hotel !	We stayed at the Hotel Elysee in New York City on a Saturday night. Our room was on the concierge floor and we had a balcony. The breakfast on Sunday morning was very similiar to an upscale European hotel's. The service was beyond excellent - every step of the way - from arriving to departing - the service staff could not have been better. We wanted a cup of tea at 12:30 a.m. when we came in for the night and we got it immediately. And the room - beautifully furnished with the most comfortable bed. I truly look forward to staying at the Hotel Elysee again.	
Jan 14 2008	Hotel	Staying at the Hotel Elysee is a wonderful experience. Located in one of Manhattan's most desirable areas, acess to any of the City's attractions is easily within reach. The Hotel itself offers a calm serenity. The lobby and rooms are beautifully decorated. Each room a little different (some have terraces) makes staying here more interesting. The hotel also offers a Club Room serving a lovely continental breakfast and wine and cheese in the afternoon. The staff is informative, helpful and friendly. This hotel is one of the best kept secrets in New York City.	
Jan 11 2008 	Fantastic!	The Elysee is a place my family and I stay for both business and pleasure. The location is ideal and perfect for sight seeing. It has all the conveniences of a large hotel, but with the quaintness and charm you can only get at a boutique hotel. The staff is more than willing to help you with anything you need, and only makes your stay that much more enjoyable. We wouldn't stay anywhere else.	
Jan 8 2008 	Wonderful Experience!!!	My recent stay at the Elysee was just marvelous! The moment we arrived the staff was friendly and courteous from the Doorman to the Front Desk and even the attentive young ladies in the Breakfast room – all were there to please. The room was wonderful, exactly what we expected. We were worried at first about a front facing room, as I've read complaints about the noise, but that concern was put to rest after the first night as noise was minimal especially given we're in midtown Manhattan (although the bed was so comfortable I could have slept through anything)! My final comment will be on the bathrooms as my wife and I are very fussy about these things. Although a bit small for our liking it was impeccably clean and the marble was an extra nice touch. The Elysee is our new favorite hotel in NYC as the value, location, and staff far exceeds any of our previous experiences in New York.	
Jan 6 2008 	We will be back!!	My wife and I recently spent a great long wknd in NY at the Elysee. The staff is wonderful and the &quot;extras&quot; are a huge perk! We especially loved the wine reception on Friday evening.. a great way to start the night!The rooms are spacious and very clean. Hotel location could not be better!	
Jan 3 2008	good location good value	For the price and the location it is a good value. My room was a little shotty and they need to lose a bit of the faux French theme, but overall...I'd stay there again.	
Dec 27 2007	Not what I Expected	Pluses - The location is very convenient for the sights of Manhattan. The complimentary wine and hors d'oeuvres were good. The complimentary continental breakfast was average. Minuses - Not what one would expect for the price. I stayed a week with a group and we had rooms on various floors in the hotel. We looked at each other's rooms. Some were very small, all had extremely small bathrooms, some had no minibar. At least 3 rooms on each floor are next to the elevators and you can hear them at all times. I was surprised the soaps were never changed and they were getting thin by the end of the week. My radiator clanged, banged and gurgled loud enough to wake me a couple of times a night. I reported it and was told, the system is old nothing can be done about it. One of my friends had no heat for 2 nights because it took that long to fix a faulty thermostat. The hotel states they have a concierge service, but when I asked about the harbor tours, I was give a couple of brochures, one dated 2005, that was it. Service was at best mediocre. (Get used to opening the front doors yourself) Even if they cut the price in half, I would not go back.	
Dec 18 2007 	Loved the Hotel Elysee	We spent 2 nights at the hotel and every thing was wonderful. The hotel staff were extremely friendly and helpful. Our room was newly renovated and very clean and the bed and pillows were the most comfortable of any hotel we have ever slept in. Breakfast was very good and it included plenty selections of tasty fresh fruit, pastries,breads, bagels, cereal and even boiled eggs. The hotel is in a great location and within walking distance to 5th and madison Aves. for shopping, Rockefeller Plaza and a very short cab ride from the train station. We really enjoyed our stay and will return there again!	
Nov 26 2007 	Great overall experience	We wanted to go the the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade and stay somewhere that was close. We were able to walk from The Hotel Elysee to Broadway within a few minutes and get a great viewing spot. We were also able to walk to The Rockefeller Center and many great places for shopping the night before. The room was beautiful and clean and had everything we needed. Not being very familiar with Manhattan, the staff took very good care of us from parking our car at a very affordable rate to giving us directions and insight to things to see and do in the city. When we stay in Manhattan again we will definitely be back to the Hotel Elysee.	
Nov 25 2007	Elysee good place to stay	Really enjoyed our stay, room was very pleasent, housekeeping was excellent. Breakfast a bit mundane(I dont want to see a boiled egg or a begel for about 6 months), drinks and canapes in the evening were a really nice touch. Food in the monkey bar was good but spoiled by the extremely high price of alcoholic beverages, would have used it more if it was not so expensive.Overall experience was excellent.	
Nov 20 2007 	An Excellent Stay at Hotel Elysee	My husband and I spent a week at the wonderful Hotel Elysee. It was my first visit to NYC, so it was great to be within walking distance of 5th Avenue, Central Park, MOMA, Rockefeller Center, and Broadway. Our room was spacious and comfortable and, thanks to the friendly housekeeping staff, it was kept spotless throughout our entire stay. Before and after my long walks around the City, the Bellmen would always greet me with a smile and pleasant conversation – they were also extremely helpful with directions. I surprised myself by spending quite a bit of time in the 2nd floor lounge area. The space is large with many comfortable chairs and couches. The complimentary breakfasts had a great selection of breads and pastries and the attendants were so pleasant and always willing to help/clear away plates. In the afternoons, I’d go back to the lounge for the cheeses, cookies, and other snacks. The Front Desk staff made a number of great dinner (and lunch) suggestions – any suggestion was always followed by the offer to make a reservation for us. I appreciated the free wifi – even though the hotel provides a computer with access to the internet for guests, it was nice to be able to sit in the lounge with my laptop in the afternoons to catch up on my email. I’ve stayed in many hotels around the world and this was definitely one of the best experiences I’ve had – across the board. Sometimes, a hotel will be in a great location, but so poorly-run that it just ruins the experience. That’s definitely not the case with Hotel Elysee. This hotel’s in a great spot and it’s a tightly-run ship, with fantastic staff at every level. We will definitely return!	
Nov 9 2007	Marvellous oasis in NYC	We loved everything about the Elysee. Our rooms were excellent - spacious and elegant with good marble bathrooms, which were kept spotlessly clean. One of our rooms had a beautiful balcony with potted plants and lovely terrace furniture. Both rooms were quiet and located high up in the hotel - exactly as we had requested. Our email dealings beforehand with the staff were most efficient, and they provided everything we had asked for. On our arrival the reception staff were incredibly pleasant and this attitude was mirrored by all the staff we met throughout our stay. The US can certainly teach us Brits a deal about customer service, which was impeccable and so pleasant throughout this hotel and throughout all NYC. The club room on Floor 2 was just marvellous and very well serviced. We thoroughly enjoyed using it as a bolthole when we were whacked in the late afternoons. Coffee and tea were always available and the prosecco, wines, and cheese and other nibbles were greatly appreciated as aperitifs and appetisers before we went out in the evenings. Although it is 'the thing' to go out for breakfast in NYC, we much preferred to have the lovely breakfast at the Elysee at our leisure, when we could plan our day in comfort. The location of the Elysee is superb - two blocks from 5th Avenue, a short distance to Central Park, Rockerfeller Centre, Grand Central station, UN building, Lincoln Center, and near enough but fortunately not too near Broadway. We found that area tacky and were delighted that our hotel was not located there. In summary, we would have found it hard to better the Elysee in any way. We much prefer smaller, quiet and elegant hotels and this is as good as it gets.	
Oct 26 2007 	Lovely room well situated	Pleasantly surprised to find lovely, tasteful decor at the Elysee. The room was decorated in shades of pale yellow and light blue, with botanical prints on the walls. Tiny bathroom, but so what! The entryway with work desk and lamp was a nice touch, as were the included continental breakfast ( of good quality) and evening snacks. The staff at check-in and check-out was very courteous. The stay was quiet and lovely. I would be delighted to return to this conveniently located hotel (even though the bed was not the height of comfort)!	
Oct 22 2007	Great location!	Location excellent - a quick walk from Saks! Breakfast featured whole grain rolls that we Scandos like and freshly squeezed orange juice, which made up for the dismal filter coffee in thermos jugs. Lovely room, bigger than expected, but it was unusually hot and humid outside, and the air-conditioner even at the highest setting was weak. Single slow elevator and a full hotel meant waiting a bit.	
Oct 19 2007 	Oasis in the Desert	My wife and I recently spent a week at the Hotel Elysee and found the ambiance charming and the staff very friendly. Upon our arrival we were welcomed as if we just arrive home by the hotel’s doorman and front desk staff. We had arrived before check-in and the staff held our bags while we explored the sites and sounds of New York. Upon entering the lobby we were surprised by a beautiful centerpiece of flowers which illuminated the room. Unlike many hotel rooms in New York City, our room was spacious and the furniture in excellent condition. Additionally, I enjoyed using the free wi-fi.My wife and I were skeptical of the complementary breakfast that the hotel offers, but found it to be a nice touch, as they offer a assortment of goodies, including coffee, tea, a wide variety of pastries, and fresh fruit salad, along with a number of periodicals for your reading pleasure. The hotel is centrally located and within easy walking distance of Central Park and plenty of shopping. On multiple occasions, we contacted the hotel concierge for restaurant recommendations and they made excellent choices and reservations without prompting. I would highly recommend the Hotel Elysee and look forward to many comfortable visits.	
Oct 13 2007 	Not for tourists	We have just returned from this Hotel 1st Oct 07 - 6th Oct 07. The hotel is so wanna be. The staff have attitude and so do the customers. We were your usual tourist types visiting NYC. If you were not middle aged with dinner suit and ballgown on after 7pm the staff were not interested.During our stay the shower developed a leak. It would not turn off. The staff isolated the water to our room fo rth evening. We had no shower toilet or running water in our room. The duty manager seemed to think this was okay. On speaking with the general manager we were refunded that evening. But not the service I would have expected. The staff on the front desk looked you up and down when arriving and leaving and as I said if you were not a middle aged couple with the woman having a pearl necklace forget it	
Oct 10 2007 	Excellent Hotel Lovely Place to Stay in NYC	Helpful people at Front Desk,. Lovely room with classical ambience. Bathroom tiny but beautifully equipped and finished. Air Conditioning noisy. Only one (slow) elevator in hotel, so be prepared for a wait. Gorgeous lounge/breakfast/cocktails area and library. A real find in top area.	
Oct 2 2007	What a disappointment!	We usually stay at a sister property when in Manhattan but it was booked. It was our first stay at Hotel Elysee and the front desk staff was intolerable. They did not help anyone who approached them in a positive manner. Getting their attention required repeated approaches. Our rooms were not ready early, which was fine, so we waited and waited and waited. Finally, after check in time, we asked for the 3rd time and requested the front desk manager, our rooms were miraculously ready! And what shabby rooms they were! There was no customer service going on in our dealings with this crew. They were argumentative (with more than just the two of us), they were evasive, and they were hateful!My coworker and I will neither one EVER go back to this hostile hotel from hell!	
Sep 22 2007	Pleasant surprise!	The Elysee' came highly recommended and did not disappoint. We returned in September for 3 more nights and have become fans. The Club room is pleasant and the breakfast and wine and cheese spread were plentiful. We will certainly return and recommend it to friends. Location can't be beat.	
Sep 12 2007	Well Worth It	Sept. 12 2007 The Hotel exceeded our expectations both in service and ambiance. We also felt it's location was a plus. Everyone from cleaning help to front desk were extremely helpful.We would definitely recommend the Elysee and would stay again. The only minor area is our mini-suite should signs of getting tired. I am sure the excellent staff wil attend to this minor issue. See you on our next trip to New York.	
Sep 10 2007 	Charming Hotel	We enjoyed our stay at the Elysee. The staff was very welcoming and helpful with various transportation issues that developed due to a taxi strike. The Elysee has converted me from a regular at the larger hotels in NYC to the smaller, more charming hotels like this one. We look forward to returning soon, and will stay at this hotel or one of its sister properties (Giraffe and The Library).	
Sep 5 2007 	Hotel Elysee is a gem!	I was a first-time guest at Hotel Elysee: I've stayed at various hotels in NYC throughout the years from the Sheraton and the W -two locations - to Hotel QT, The Drake, Hudson Hotel and Bryant Park Hotel. Hotel Elysee exceeded my expectations and thus far, provided me with the best NYC hotel experience overall.The hotel's location is ideal for doing the usual NYC tourist activities like shopping in Fifth Avenue, viewing art at MoMA, walking around Central Park and people-watching at Rockefeller Center. Yet the hotel is still close enough to subway stations, so one can easily hop on a train to go downtown to experience city &quot;grit &quot; and neighborhoods with more &quot;character&quot; or uptown to visit the museums which dot Fifth Avenue. Grand Central station is a short distance from the hotel but one should probably not venture past Park Avenue after the mid-town offices shut down for the day and the homeless set up camp. (We encountered a few of these &quot;camps&quot; during a late-night stroll.)The hotel is clean, well-maintained and well-priced (US$325/night plus tax and includes breakfast and afternoon wine). Its ambience is one of old-world yet unpretentious civility. Our room - small for those who are used to rooms on steriods - was very nicely laid out and decorated, albeit in a traditional style.I had read reviews which mention the low water pressure, the slow elevator - there is only one - and the street noise, but we did not experience any of these. (We stayed on the fifth floor in a street-facing room near the elevator.) The only negatives I can think of are the loud air-conditioning unit and the poorly laid-out bathroom - the door barely cleared the toilet. An area for improvement would be the staff: they don't have attitude - although one morning, the breakfast staff in the library was not friendly - and are professional and welcoming but need more polish.	
Sep 1 2007 	Outstanding concierge	Relaxed atmosphere with friendly and efficient staff. The concierge gave top suggestions for our evening entertainment (Comedy Cellar and Daniel restaurant). Breakfasts had plenty of choice including fresh fruit and pastries. We enjoyed our early evening appetizers including quality wine, cheeses, crackers etc... whilst using the free internet service. Only downer was the noisy Manhattan garbage collector lorries in the early hours.....presumably unavoidable in 24h New York city. However, credit to Elysee, on request they immediately moved us to a quieter room at the back of the hotel. Would stay here again - great location for shopping.	
Aug 29 2007 	Hotel Elysee was Fabulous!	Date:8/7/07-8/11/07Reviewer: TripAdvisor member from San Antonio, TXFamily of three (son age 14) stayed in a suite for 4 nights. Suite was huge by New York standards. Very nicely decorated, great king bed and large marble bathroom (which had separate shower and tub). Room was on 10th floor facing street--some street noise (particularly early in morning), but not too bad. Second floor clubroom and the complimentary continental breakfast were outstanding! And service was perfect. Second floor library has complimentary computer with internet access. Staff overall was great--very friendly and helpful. No full time concierge, but front desk staff was knowledgable. Location is super--on 57th Street between Madison and Park. It's only a block and a half from great 5th Ave shopping and very close to Central Park and Rockefeller Center. Also easy walking distance to Broadway shows and Times Square. Did not try Monkey Bar restaurant, as they had recently changed the menu and are no longer a steak house. Hotel Elysee is a wonderful boutique hotel in a perfect location; I recommend it without hesitation!	
Aug 28 2007	charming hotel...average staff	The hotel is a quaint, charming boutique hotel that has a European feel to it. As others have noted, there is a room where you can get coffee/tea all day as well as a nice breakfast in the morning. There is also a computer available for internet use. The rooms are decent sized (for NY) and quite comfortable. Rooms are clean...decorated nicely. Much nicer than a generic hotel chain. The only downside is the staff. Most of them seem somewhat immature, lacking the sophistication you would expect from a hotel of this caliber. They do the bare minimun, but do not exhude professionalism. Overall, this is a great hotel and I highly recommend it.	
Aug 25 2007 	Outstanding Service	Second time visit to NYC and the Elysee Hotel. Location, location, location...The Elysee is close to everything and its staff is &quot;second to none&quot;. The hotel 's atmosphere is inviting and its staff was very helpfull from directions to making reservations in the best venues of NYC. I will continue to stay here on my next visits to NYC and will reccommend the Elysee to all interested individuals. Great time!!	
Aug 13 2007 	Typical European Hotel	My husband and I just returned from a weekend in NY . Even though we requested an early check-in, our room was not ready til after 2. Except for Charles the doorman who was extremely courteous and helpful, we were not impressed with the hotel staff. Rooms were very reminiscent of a small European hotel. Our King room was very clean but small. The bathroom was even smaller!. To get to the sink, you needed to close the door. There was a small dressing room where you could store toiletries and put on makeup. For those ladies with long hair, bring your own hairdryer. The one in the bathroom has little power. The airconditioning was difficult to operate. It was either too cold or very stuffy. Rooms were not cleaned till mid to late afternoon. There is only one elevator, so be prepared to wait. Be sure to try the Monkey bar for drinks. It's a fun place. All in all , the hotel was just average. I would probably stay elsewhere on my next visit.	
Aug 13 2007 	A wonderful boutique hotel in Manhattan	I stayed here recently for a long weekend the first weekend in August. I like to go then because the city is not so crowded and the Elysee offers good rates then. Our room was $315 for Thursday night and then $295 for each of Friday and Saturday nights. That may seem like a lot but you are in NYC afterall, and included in the room price is a good sized complimentary breakfast buffet as well as complimentary tea and snacks in the early evening, and free wine on weekday evenings. Our room was clean and comfortably furnished and had bathrobes, a mini-bar, safe, etc.. The toiletries were by Gilchrist &amp; Soames and were fully replenished each day. The maid service was also great. One of the best things about the hotel is the location on E. 54th between Madison and Park which is convenient to Grand Central Station, Midtown and the Upper East Side. The subway is about 2-3 short blocks away. There are also several grocery/convenience stores about within a 100 yd radius from the hotel, as well as liquor store that carries a good selection of wine directly across the street. I have stayed at this hotel 4-5 times and always return. It is a dependable, classy place that is very good value for this part of Manhattan.	
Aug 11 2007 	Very impressed	A very enjoyable place to stay.We make a trip to NYC once a year and we've stayed at a handful of hotels in recent years. None of them stands out in my memory except the Elysee. It's calm and quiet, the staff is friendly and courteous, the decor is nicely done in a subdued-elegance sort of way. Our room was large by NYC standards, comfortable and quiet (we were on the 12th floor).There is a complimentary continental breakfast in the morning and a complimentary wine-and-cheese buffet in the evening. The checkout time is a very civilized 1 PM.No one thing makes the Elysee stand out, but there are a lot of little things that, taken altogether, add up to a very enjoyable experience.	
Aug 11 2007 	Elysee's A Deal	The Hotel Elysee is in a great location at a great price.If you've been to New York City then you already know that rooms can tend to be on the small side, but the Elysee's rooms are quite large and roomy. Bathrooms were very large, huge tub and dressing area. Large closet and several dressers to unpack into. My only complaint was the hairdryer, a 1200 watt.....it wasn't anything like mine at home and took twice as long as normal to dry my hair, next time I'd take my own.We found the Hotel Elysee on tripadvisor and as usual the reviews convinced us to depart from our usual larger hotel choice for the smaller, boutique size hotel. It was nice having 5-6 rooms on the floor and only 15 floors in the hotel, but the downside is that there is only 1 elevator to service the entire place. So there is alot of waiting for the elevator to arrive.There is free wi-fi in all over the hotel, but very, very slow. Not a quick connection. There is a computer for guest use on the 2nd floor.On the upside, the Club Room on the 2nd Floor is very nice and having continental breakfast available until 10:30am is definitely a perk, as is the all day snacks and then the evening cocktails. At 5pm, there is a choice of champagne, white or red wine with fruits and a variety of cheeses. Very nice place to unwind, or kick off an evening on the town.We were not overly impressed with the staff. Nobody 'knocked our socks off' during our stay or tried to go the extra mile for us, but we dont have any complaints on anyone either.The location was great as well...close to 5th Ave shopping!We liked our stay, but will try other tripadvisor.com suggestions next time. My husband prefers larger hotels with restaurant/bar choices and more elevators....you thought twice before leaving the room because a return back for anything could take a while!	
Aug 7 2007 	Great hotel - would go back	Our first trip to New York for my birthday and I loved the city and the Hotel Elysee was a perfect choice.A lovely boutique hotel, good size room, great location, friendly staff. The lounge with complimentary drinks and snacks at the end of the day is fantastic after a day of sightseeing.The front desk were very friendly and helpful, recommending some excellent restaurants; booking a car etc. The room was a good size especially after expecting a box size room because it was New York. This was certainly not the case at the Elysee. I would recommend a room on one of the higher levels because of the street noise and also away from the lift.	
Aug 1 2007 	A Piece of Tranquility	My husband and I stated at Elysee for four nights 26 July to 30 July. The hotel was lovely and clean with a high specification in decor. The bed were amazing, so comfortable and the linen was a very high standard. We stayed on 15 floor (top) and was quiet with little traffic noise. One slight negative, there is only one elevator in the hotel and at busier times it stops at every floor.The Club Room was availbale for continental breakfast, which was very good and was also open for coffee and cookies from 12 - 5. The Monkey bar lacked atmosphere and the drinks were over priced. Other than that, this hotel was excellent. It is ideally located for all Midtown sights. I would recommend this hotel.	
Jul 31 2007 	Centrally located quiet hotel with indifferent service	The hotel has a great location near 5th Avenue so for a shopping weekend it's ideal. Rooms are small but clean, comfortable and quiet. The inclusive continental breakfast will get you off to a good start for the day. Whilst the hotel staff are friendly don't expect grade A service, it's not that it's bad service just a bit slow and disconnected. Overall I would be reasonably happy to stay here again but for my next trip to New York I'll give somewhere else a try.	
Jul 31 2007 	Perfect New York hotel	We visit New York often, and since we discovered the Elysee several years ago, it is the only hotel we would consider. It is warm and welcoming, with the atmosphere of a small European hotel. The location is wonderful, walking distance to many parts of the city. The rooms are varied and very comfortable, and the bathrooms excellent. Unlike many hotels, there is adequate sitting space, lighting, temperature control and a place to put toiletries in the bathroom. The staff is outstandingly helpful and friendly. We love visiting the lovely &quot;club room&quot;, where breakfast and snacks are served. With the included breakfast, free WiFi and public computer in the club room, the Elysee is also a bargain for its part of Manhattan.	
Jul 26 2007	Charming Hotel	Three days in New York City to see Wicked and Jersey Boys. Great location to theatre district. Wonderful breakfast. Friendly staff.	
Jul 26 2007	Excellent NYC hotel!	We stayed 22-24 July and had a king room at the back of the hotel which was extremely quiet. The included breakfast and the free wi fi makes the room rate quite reasonable when comparing to other hotels which charge for those items. A much appreciated exceptional treatment was the opening of the Club room at 4:30 am for this insomniac still on European time to work on the computer without distrubing his wife! The breakfast is the best continental breakfast I have seen and the beds were extremely comfortable. A great location tops it off and we will be return visitors for sure. Gary	
Jul 23 2007 	Great Hotel With A Perfect Location	We had a girlfriend's getaway weekend at the Hotel Elysee and had a fabulous time! It was centrally located so we were right in the center of great shopping, it was close to all of the restaurants we were eating out during NYC's Restaurant Week and the staff couldn't have been nicer. The valet parking was great -- they even cleaned out our coffee cups from the car -- they kept our bags for us until we could check in and the front desk clerk was so helpful, he even gave us all the locations for the Sephora stores around the city! The room was so clean and well appointed and it was very quiet. And it was great to come back to the hotel after a Broadway Show and have cookies and tea in the Club Room before going to bed. The complimentary Continental breakfast is also great — as is the free use of the computer in the Club Room. I would highly recommend this as a great hotel for a New York getaway weekend.	
Jul 17 2007 	Never Disappointed by the Hotel Elysee	Returned to the Hotel Elysee for a weekend in NY, July 13-15, 2007, and once again, had a wonderful stay. In fact, this was my fourth or fifth time to the Elysee and I have never been disappointed. The rooms are lovely and clean and the staff has always been polite and helpful. And we had a special treat in store for us with this visit, a room with a balcony complete with a table and chairs and pots of flowers. How wonderful!	
Jul 17 2007 	Hotel Elysee c'est bon!	July 15 had a last-minute one-nighter to NYC. Great hotel for under $300. Very pleasant room with corner windows. The second floor lounge was so comfortable with a great continental breakfast and then tea, coffee and fruit available the rest of the day. Very peaceful place to put your feet up. The only problem was the wake-up call never happened. But, we were up so it didn't matter. Have already recommended Hotel Elysee to friends.	
Jul 14 2007 	50th Birthday Celebration in NYC was Great at the Elysee!	July 14, 2007. We spent a long weekend July 6-9 exploring Manhattan as tourists. Used TripAdvisor to help us find a hotel that was not outrageously expensive and in a GREAT location......Hotel Elysee was definitely it! Very friendly front desk staff, nice and quiet room on the third floor, attentive housekeeping and definitely an excellent location. We loved coming back every afternoon for a quick rest before continuing our explorations. We'll be back!	
Jul 11 2007 	Top notch	Stayed here July 6-9 and cannot begin to express how wonderful the accomodation was. the only thing to complain about as has been said before is the very slow elevator. The room was dark, quiet, elegantly appointed. Water pressure not great. Service was excellent. The 2nd floor club room is beyond expectations. Breakfast is outstanding and the afternoon wine/cheese is like being in a bed and breakfast in the country. King sized bed room came with twin sleeper as well. If i can get the same reasonable rate again this will be the only place i will want to stay in NYC. Excellent location, this really is the gem that others have described.	
Jul 10 2007 	Like a mini Ritz!	We stayed at the Hotel Elysee for 2 nights prior to our cruise to Bermuda. I had read the positive comments on trip advisor so I was prepared to like the hotel............but instead I loved it! The hotel is impeccably clean......beautifully decorated and the staff very friendly and helpful. The beds are luxurious......very comfortable. The bathrooms spotlessly clean and elegant with marble throughout. Our room did not face the street and was very quiet. The continental breakfast was nice and suitedthe way we like to eat in the morning. Cereal, fresh fruit, yogurt, coffee and juice. I can't believe we only paid $245 plus tax/fees per night for this room in such a great location in New York City!Now that I've discovered this mini Ritz (thanks to trip advisor) I plan on staying here each time I come to New York for business or pleasure!	
Jul 6 2007 	Small Gem in Prime Midtown Location	I spent 4 July holiday in NYC to attend a friend's wedding and see the sights. While I had walked past the Elysee many times before, I never had reason to stay there until this trip (when they were having a very good 4 July promotional rate sale). All previous complaints here have some truth to them (one slowish elevator for all, street noise from E54th and &quot;light pollution&quot; through the shades at night), however, I did not find any of these to be noticeably detrimental to my stay. Instead, I will recall the spacious room with step up marble-clad bath and iPod-compatible alarm clock. I'll remember the ample expanded continental breakfast and afternoon cocktails &amp; cheese which were tirelessly replenished by the staff. The location is within 5-7 blocks of many major tourist and business hubs, not to mention multiple subway lines (really, be brave, this is the way to get around town quickly and cheaply). This is a undiscovered treasure in midtown, well worth considering over some of the more famous (and pricey!) options nearby!	
Jul 5 2007 	Highly Recommend	We recently stayed a week at the Elysee. Location was great - good proximity to the tourist attractions and Times Square, but far enough to escape the same after a busy day. The club room on the 2nd floor was a welcome respite at any time of the day, though we mostly went there for the morning continental breakfast which was outstanding - fresh fruit, bagels/pastries, yoghurt, coffee. We also attended the complimentary wine and cheese in the club room on a few occasions - I enjoyed having the option of enjoying a glass of wine and reading the paper on my own in this quiet atmosphere vs going to a pub/lounge. Rooms were well laid out and well-appointed - very nice. Shower had little pressure, but not a surprise given the age of the building. There was construction noise throughout the day which we heard when going to the elevator, but it wasn't heard from our room itself. I suspect if we would have had a room by the elevator, this may have been a different story. We would return in a heartbeat - have already inquired about booking next year.	
Jul 4 2007 	Miss the piano	My husband and I have stayed at the Hotel Elysee three times now in the past year and have loved every minute of it. The words gracious, elegant and generous (this last referring to the club room) are only the first to come to mind in thinking of our experience at the hotel. My only regret is the loss of the piano in the bar during the renovation this spring. It was always a pleasure to sit down and play a few tunes, and at other times to hear others do the same. Since almost no place has a piano anymore, it was a treasure, now to be mourned. Back to the good stuff: would recommend this hotel to anyone who wishes to have an oasis of sweet calm in the hectic city.	
Jun 18 2007 	One Big Problem	I loved my recent stay at the Elysee in every way except for one--if you are a sensitive sleeper and need total darkness to sleep, you may find it difficult to get a decent night's shuteye. In the first room we stayed in, there was a pull down shade and sheers , but the standard curtains (made of solid material) did not close. That first night, I was awake most of the night because the room faced the street and there was a lot of light coming in. The next day, after explaining the situation to the manager, she ended up accomodating us by putting us on a darker side of the hotel-- and although it was a bit better,I could still see light coming in at night.(My husband ended up going out and buying me eyeshades so I could enjoy the rest of our stay.)Other than that, the breakfast was terrific, the rooms nicely appointed and the staff very sweet. The location is so central to everything. Its a shame that we won't be staying there again because of this one problem.	
Jun 16 2007	Great place - took my 7 year old daughter	This was a great hotel. I took my daughter with me for a 4 night stay. Very cozy and quiet. Its out of the hussle of Times Square but near the subway, good restaurants, and central park.the staff was outstanding.Cellinis Restaurant across the street was awesome too and was arranged by the hotel. Some of the best service I've ever received but it is pricey.This hotel was a bit pricey but seems like all NYC hotels have gotten that way due to many hotels shifting to a condo format. There appears to be a supply/demand imbalance!But, very reasonable pricing relative to other options and outstanding service. Room was large and roomy	
May 31 2007	Ideal for a quick trip	Well located, very helpfull staff, comfortable room (air con a bit noisy), slightly faded boutique hotel. We flew in for a three night break from the UK and would go back.	
May 30 2007 	Best Service Ever!!	I visited the Hotel Elysee in June with my whole family and we all agreed that they provided the best service we have ever experienced! The entire staff was amazing. The maids went the extra mile to ensure that my group was well taken care of, and after only one night the front desk staff knew us by name and got us reservations at some very nice restaurants that we would not have been able to get on our own. Then when we got to the restaurants we were given extra special attention and service. I don't know how they do it, but it made for an incredible experience. The location doesn't hurt either. Whenever I or anyone else in my family travels to NY, we will be sure to stay at the Hotel Elysee.	
May 30 2007 	Most relaxing hotel experience...	I had an amazingly relaxing stay at the Hotel Elysee. The service was exceptionally trained and well managed. The boutique atmosphere and ambiance paralleled the relaxed environment nestled in the middle of everything a tourist could ask for. The room was immaculate every evening, and provided me with a superb opportunity to truly enjoy my stay in and outside the hotel. The lounge was well kept and served as a great meeting point for friends and travel companions. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a enjoyable stay in the heart of the city. Thanks Hotel Elysee!	
May 29 2007 	Unique and cozy boutique	My wife and I have stayed here three times over the last couple of years and this little hotel always delivers. The rooms are comfortable and cozy. We love the breakfast/tea room. The whole place is very charming. You wouldn't expect to find a place like this in Midtown, but there it is, and it's in the middle of everything. The staff is great and seems to get friendlier every time I go back. It's the whole package.	
May 29 2007 	A Small Gem in the Big City	A simple review cannot explain the amazing time I had at the Hotel Elysee! This was my first time in New York and the staff made me feel welcome. If you're looking for a hotel with small home town feel, but in the middle of all New York has to offer - this is the place.	
May 29 2007 	Fabulous Service Beautiful Hotel	I really enjoyed my experience at Elysee. The room was beautiful, the service was perfect...just an all around great time. For anyone needing a place to stay in midtown, I would highly recommend this hotel.	
May 28 2007	Just a perfect stay	Three night stay mid May 2007 for business trip to the Big Apple.Checked in late due to flight &quot;issues&quot; and check in was smooth as the very comfortable sheets on the bed. very nice room for an old place. Wonderfully remodeled bathroom if that's important to you. Bed was quite comfortable, room was spotless.Wonderful club lounge on 2 was a great touch. Coffee was fantastic along with conti breakfast &amp; good cookies.Staff was very professional.Stayed on floor 9 - some loser was smoking other that it was great.	
May 25 2007 	Caveat Emptor	Be very careful when you book a room at this hotel. You could be one of the unfortunate people, as we were, to get a teeny tiny room, no hairblower, no bathtub, dirty window sills, and a bed in very bad shape. I wouldn't even relogate this room to the shabby sheik category. After we complained we did get another much better room. The manager, who made no apologies, did imply that it was up to us to have asked for a different room. Unbelievably he advised us that this room was UNDER RENOVATION for handicapped. It was a new one on us that for $400 plus each nite, for 5 nites, we were to worry that our room would look like it did and it was our responsibility to investigate the room ahead of time. Having travelled all over the world I would submit this was one of a very few awful experiences for us.Unless you absolutely adore breakfast and need cheese and wine at 4 o'clock I would stay somewhere else. The hotel is on the East side of the city and major museums and theater, Lincoln Center, etc. are on the west side. There are many accolades on this site regarding Elysee. Indeed if we had had the second room the first time, I wouldn't be writing this review. A word of warning then. Be certain you see your room ahead of time.	
May 4 2007 	Great small hotel!	The Elysee is a great find! Every part of our stay was just as we expected... The front desk was very friendly and helpful and room was comfortable and clean. The best part of the hotel is absolutely the second floor Club Room. The breakfast was wonderful and the evening wine is such a nice treat before you head out for the night. My husband and I will certainly be back!	
Mar 30 2007	Small personal hotel in great location	A smaller hotel with excellent personal service....LOCATION: wonderful midtown location (54th Street between Park and Madison) walking distance to shopping, theater district, most major museums. CHARM/ COMFORT: Our rooms were very clean and traditionally decorated with antiques. The bathroom was small, but had been remodeled and had a terrific shower with lots of water pressure. The bed was a huge King-size with a lovely soft pillowtop mattress. Note: we were on the 9th floor facing the street, and it was noisy at 2 in the morning. If you're sensitive to noise, I'd try for a room on the 14th or 15th floor, or maybe one facing the back. AMENITIES: Very nice breakfast with coffee, juice, baked goods, fresh fruit salad, yogurts, cereals. Also, Monday - Friday there's a happy hour buffet with wine, cheese and crackers, etc. SPECIALS: Check the website for special promotions. I booked a suite months in advance, then saw their &quot;sweet deal&quot; offering on the website -- $75 per night off on any suite during the month we were traveling. I called the hotel and they advised me to make a new online reservation, then cancel the old one, which I did, for a savings of $375.	
Mar 29 2007	Hotel Elysee -- absolutely first rate	What a great NYC hotel. The service was excellent -- the staff very well trained and geniuinely helpful. The continental breakfast was more than adequate and the dining area was different: a casual lounge, much like a luxury home, with sofas, small tables, alcoves. They had free wi-fi in the rooms or you could use the hotel's computer and printer -- all at no extra charge. No nickel and dime-ing. We had a small suite -- it was very nice, HD TV in the living room, nicely furnished. Even the sofa-bed was of high quality. Overall a very good value for NYC. As good a hotel experience as I've ever had in NYC -- highly recommended.	
Mar 26 2007	Loved Hotel Elysee Will Go Back	This was a perfect hotel, very nice, great location, not outrageously priced, and small enough to be personal. The room was charming, lovely and very clean, complementary water bottles in the room upon arrival were nice, as was the bathrobe and slippers. The shower had great water pressure and the towels were fantastic. All staff were friendly and helpful. The continental breakfast was very convenient and good: yogurt, hard boiled eggs, cereal, juice, coffee, bagels, pastries, I'm sure anyone could be happy with this offering. I will definitely stay again, and will recommend to friends.	
Mar 26 2007	Great Hotel no Monkey Bar	This is a wonderful hotel that is similar to many classy European hotels. The room (76) was elegant and clean, and the location was perfect. The only negative aspects of our stay were the construction across the street (noise) and the fact that the Monkey Bar was closed for renovation (no mention of this on the hotel website). If you stay here...ask for a room away from the street to avoid the construction noise.	
Mar 22 2007 	Great Overall Experience!!!	We stayed at the Elysee Hotel back in August 2006 and had a wonderful experience! Before arriving I explained to the sales manager that the weekend I had planned was a very special one and that I needed certain accomodations to make it happen. The staff went above and beyond the requests I made and helped tremdously making the weekend a memorable one. The room was lovely! We had a nice size room, very comfortable bed, very clean, and a balcony over looking the streets below with a table and 2 chairs. We didnt spend too much time in the room, but when we were there, it felt so homelike. The breakfast in the morning was perfect. I am not a breakfast person, but coffee, lattes, muffins, cereal, bagels, etc. You had many choices and just enough to get you through the morning.Like I mentioned above, the staff was extremely nice and personable! I had a few extra requests that they did above and beyond what I asked for. Just another example of their professionalism at the hotel.Overall, a great stay, lovely room, wonderful staff and manager, and a perfect location near the Rock.	
Mar 21 2007 	Wonderful cozy haven in the middle of NYC!	This was the most relaxing stay in NYC we've ever had. This hotel has many things to recommend itself, and I just wanted to mention a few:1. The decor is very welcoming and cozy. It feels like you stepped into a private home when you visit the Library for breakfast, or come back to your room. Very nice. Please be advised, the hotel is small with only one elevator, and sometimes the climate control in the room is a little finicky, but these are minor issues when considering the serivce.2. The staff service is impeccable! The maid staff takes tremendous care to keep track of when you are in or out of your room. We would leave for breakfast at 10, and come back 1/2 hour later to find our room beautifully refreshed. Very comforting.3. The location of this hotel could not be better. While it is located on a busy side street, it is moments from the 6 train subway stop and all of the best shopping one expects to do in NYC. The conceirge was very kind and was able to provide us with a map of the basic subway system that saved us time and time again.4. The breakfast provided at the hotel was delicious. While they didn't have ready to order omlets or other such amenities, the spread available was healthy and yet delicious.While other reviews have had issues with the noise on 54th street, I have to say the room we stayed in (on 10th floor) was quiet and the windows seemed updated and sound proof, even though they could be opened. The entire staff, from doormen to conceirge to maid staff were nothing but impeccably mannered and generous with their help. I would recommend this hotel to anyone I know. I will definately stay there again the next time we visit!	
Mar 19 2007 	Outstanding experience!!	This hotel was as wonderful as can be. A beautiful facility, excellent staff, and comfortable and homey beyond what anyone could expect in Mid-Manhattan. The atmosphere was like a charming country inn, our room as well as the lounge were delightful.	
Mar 16 2007 	Great Botique Hotel	I've stayed at this hotel 3 times over the last year and absolutely love it. The location is great (midtown) and very close to most things. The staff is very professional, helpful, and knowledgable....they will recommend a Broadway play, or set you up with dinner reservations around town.The accomodations are nice. Plus, they have a great continental breakfast, as well as, a nice wine and cheese &quot;happy hour&quot;.The Monkey Bar is really cool and has a lot of history. If you love Italian food, definitely go to Cellini's across the street.	
Mar 14 2007	Country hotel the city	Like an English country hotel in mid-town Manhattan. Comfortable room, very helpful staff and affordable valet parking. Included continental breakfast and complimentary tea, cookies, wine, and cheese in the afternoon are nice touches. Note that the Monkey Bar is currently closed for rennovation (until May?), although room service is available.	
Mar 8 2007	Go back every time we get a chance	This was our fifth or sixth stay. It's our favorite among a handful of similar small hotels we've returned to in Manhattan. Service is excellent and friendly. The lounge with complementary wine and cheese in the evening and breakfast in the morning makes it feel very relaxed and homey, while at the same time preserving a romantic and &quot;European&quot; flavor.	
Feb 27 2007	First Time at Elysee - Great Hotel	We stayed at the Elysee the weekend of Feb. 23-24 to attend a wedding. We tried the Casablanca, our favorite hotel, but it was full. However we discoved the Elysee is owned by the same owners so booked it. It was a great hotel. We had a small changing room, large bedroom with a sitting area and large upscale bath. The staff were very attentive and we enjoyed the sitting room(s) on the 2nd floor as well as a very nice continental breakfast included in the room rate. We'd recommend this hotel in a heartbeat.	
Feb 22 2007 	Great place to stay because of location amenities and service	After an exhaustive search using Trip Advisor, Expedia and countless other avenues for seeking out accommodations, we decided on Hotel Elysee. And we are so happy we did.To us, cleanliness, service, value and location are imperative and the Elysee offers all that;- Immaculate was how we found our fair size room at the end of every long day adventuring. Yes the room (145) was a little worn, but the king size bed, marble bathroom, spectacular view, turn down service more than made up for it.- Service is what we expect. And we received it from the entire staff. The doormen are great, the front desk staff are quick and everyone @ the Monkey Bar(great place) knows how to make a Martini- Value is key. $275.00 during the week and $245.00 on Friday, Saturday and Sunday in February. Breakfast was excellent, cookies and tea in the afternoon was a nice snack. Decent wine, champagne, cheese and crackers in the evening was always a great way to start the night.- Location – within a few minutes walk we were at Central Park, Bloomingdales, Louie Vuitton, Radio City Music Hall, a Subway Station, Rockefeller Centre, Times Square and more decent restaurants than I can count. New York is a great city to visit, a great place to create a lifetime of memories and the Hotel Elysee is a great place to start	
Feb 21 2007	This Hotel is WONDERFUL!	We stayed at the Hotel Elysee for the week of New Years 2005 to 2006. This hotel made our trip that much more wonderful. The staff was helpful, friendly and fun. The included breakfast was very good, served in a delightful setting. On New Years morning we looked out the window, from the diningroom / library, to the snow covered street below. Christmas wreaths hung on every window which added to the warmth and hospitality. The service was always great. The period charm of the hotel was addicting. Rooms were of good size with wonderful decor and comforts. It isn't a large modern hotel, the description of &quot;boutique hotel&quot; fits it perfectly with all the modern necessities. I hope to come back to this hotel more than once!	
Feb 14 2007 	Great weekend at the Elysee	We returned yesterday from a great weekend in NYC.The Elysee is centrally located for Times Square and Central Park, and the buses are cheap enough to get out and about in Manhattan.We loved the Elysee, the staff were very helpful. Our room was very clean, and the bathroom was well stocked with toiletries and towels.The breakfast in the lounge was really good, with a great selection of bread and pastries, as well as delicious fresh fruit, and a range of teas and coffees.We enjoyed the informal drinks and nibbles in the lounge and met some lovely people over drinks there.The purpose of our trip was to meet up with our daughter and her husband who had flown over from their home in Seattle.I would recommend this hotel, and hope to return one day, but in the summer - it was bitterly cold for this trip!!	
Feb 13 2007 	Gorgous Hotel	Had a lovely time at the Elysee - the location is great for 5th avenue shopping, and the staff are extremely friendly and helpful. Cute little bar downstairs was nice for cocktails, but the highlight of our stay was the lovely lounge area overlooking the street, where free drinks and snacks are served in the evenings. They also had a fantastic breakfast here, which is included in the price of the room, a big plus on a holiday in America where they usually charge extra for everything! ~The only snag is that the rooms are very small, and not particularly spectacular inside - but easily forgiven when relaxing in the lovely drawing room, ideal for chatting, reading, and chilling out. Would recommend this hotel for women travelers, for kids, teens, and would especially recommend for older travellers or couples as it is very cosy and handy for Mid Town.	
Jan 30 2007	Wonderful botique Hotel	Mid town location. Easy walking distance to Times Square, theatre district, 5th Ave shopping, three blocks from MOMA, excellent restaurants in easy walking distance. Rooms are well appointed and quiet. complimentary breakfast more than adequate and wine and cheese in the evenings gets you off to a good start.	
Jan 29 2007	Great Location for a getaway!	My husband and I stayed at the Elysee for a getaway weekend. We loved the location and traditional styling of the rooms in the hotel. It was walking distance to the best shopping in New York, Times Square, and the Museum of Modern Art. It was a terrific value and our package came with continental breakfast in the parlor room. We had a great time and we capped off our evenings with a martini at the stylish Monkey Bar off the hotel Lobby.	
Jan 22 2007 	More than impressed	Having read the reviews earlier in the year when I originally made the booking I was a little concerned that the later reviews gave me cause for some concern.We are a family of 2 adults and 3 teenagers. We booked a suite and a superior room. We arrived very late at night and were swiftly processed and taken to our rooms. I can understand the comments posted on a few points, yes in places it is wearing but I found it immaculately clean and comfortable. The staff were excellent and very obliging.The evening drinks and snacks were great and apart from the greediness of some of the other guests, particularly hogging the free internet access, we thoroughly enjoyed it.We would definitely return.	
Jan 21 2007 	Best business hotel for me	I have used this hotel since 1994 primarily for business. I can stay in any hotel in NYC; however, I ALWAYS choose the Elysée.This hotel's location is optimum for me. It is central to my place of business and affords me access to midtown's best restaurants, shopping and cultural venues. Also, as a female traveler I feel very safe and attended to here.The staff at this hotel is sublime. They know me by name and they are always sure to have one of my favorite rooms available for me upon arrival. Without mention, all of my previous requests are attended to, i.e. coffee maker in room, iron and board. Their new amentities are an improvement from what they had in years past. I use the hotel approximately six times a year, for at least a week at a time. It is comforting to see the same faces at the Front Desk who always remember me by name.My preference is always a boutique hotel. The Elysée may not be for everyone, should you need 24 hour room service, a butler outside your door, this may not be the place for you. If you do want a great location and an intelligent staff who remember what you like, then this hotel is definitely for you.Their breakfast is wonderful and the staff there could not be more helpful, especially Lina. She always greets me with a big smile when she sees me. My favorite amentity is their wine and hors d'oeuvre hour from 5-8 pm, a perfect way to end the day. On my last visit, they had a wonderful Argentine Malbec and a fantastic Sauvignon Blanc from New Zealand.To sum it up, I always look forward to staying here. If I must be away from home this is definitely the place to be.	
Jan 20 2007	Pluses + Minuses	We are baby boomer travellers who require comfort and a bit of luxury.The hotel was a little shabby but the room was a little bigger than what you usually get in NY. Staff were friendly and the location central. The breakfast was awful but I think that this is what American accept as OK. Please can someone teach them how to mkake coffee..ahhhh. What is this thing about flavoured coffees?The one big positive about the hotel is Bill's Bar right across the road. Forget about the Monkey Bar in the hotel (it closed at 2am after New Year's Eve can you belive it??). Bill's Bar is this tiny tiny bar populated by octogenarians, I am not kidding, who were once great jazz, stage singers. The piano man starts playing and they start to sing. It is fabulous and you really are back in time. They are wonderfully polite and gregarious and you will have a great evening. Don't foget to tip the piano payer.	
Jan 12 2007 	Disappointing	My husband and I recently went to NYC for our honeymoon. We had originally planned to stay at a large hotel chain, like the Hilton, but decided that a small, romantic boutique hotel would be much nicer. After reading reviews and seeing that it was rated Most Romantic Hotel in NYC in a travel guide, we decided on the Hotel Elysee. We booked directly through the hotel, told them it was our honeymoon, and stayed for 11 days. We were both less than impressed.The concierge I dealt with over the phone (we used him for help in making restaurant reservations) was usually very polite, but seemed very new at his job. I had to call and remind him to do things several times. I was not being a nag, but when I called to check on things (We stayed over the New Year's Eve holiday, so I wanted to make sure that restaurants weren't booked up.), he often had forgotten to call certain restaurants when he said he would. I also had to call and confirm every reservation on my own. In past experiences, the concierge usually does this for you. I also asked him several times for restaurant recommendations, and never got any. He pulled out his Zagat guide over the phone and flipped through it. I'm sorry, but I have a Zagat guide, too, and I don't need someone to read it to me over the phone. I feel that if you are a concierge, it is part of your job to know about restaurants in the area and be able to make recommendations upon request.The room itself was very average. We had a king suite, and were told twice over the phone that we would have a kitchenette with a full-size fridge. When we arrived, there was a mini fridge in the living room and that was it. We got in so late and were so tired that we didn't complain and just kept the room, but in retrospect, especially considering it was our honeymoon, we should have requested a different room. The flat screen tv in the living room was nice, but the couch was so uncomfortable (just an old fold-out) that we never sat in there to watch. Our view was ridiculous-a lovely air shaft overlooking another building. There are better views in that hotel. The bathroom was small but fine, we understand that rooms are much smaller in NYC. However, we did expect it to be clean. One morning, every new towel that had been left by housekeeping the night before had hair on it. Not a great thing to wake up to.The service was fine, and everyone was helpful in getting our bags to and from our room, but no one was very friendly. We realize that the attitude is different in NYC, but when you're staying in a small hotel like that, you expect more, especially when you're paying so much. It made us feel a bit unwelcome, and as if they were doing us a huge favor just by being there.All in all it's a nice hotel, but not great, unless maybe you have the piano suite. I would try somewhere else next time.	
Jan 9 2007 	Charming hotel in great location	We stayed at the Elysee over New Year. It's a charming, elegant little place. Very classy and well appointed, yet unpretentious.The library and club room are superb, as is the breakfast (fresh juice, fruit salad, bagels, pastries, toast and cereals). Another nice touch was the coffee and cookies that are available all day long. Due to our hectic schedule we didn't manage the evening cheese and wine.The staff were very respectful and helpful, yet have a bit of fun at the same time. And the guests were equally charming.The whole ambience is very French (as you'd imagine from its name). And the Monkey Bar serves lovely food.All in all, a lovely experience and I'd recommend it to anyone who is looking for a small, quiet, elegant place that is only a few minutes walk from 5th Avenue. Everything about the place is wonderful.	
Jan 4 2007 	Calm Oasis in Manhattan Hustle 	Myself and my boyfriend stayed here for 5 nights between Christmas and New Year. The location is excellent - close to everything you want to see - Time Square, Central Park etcThe Bedroom (no 61) was nice, and quite large, although the decor did look a little bit tired. The bed was great - huge and really comfy. If i was being picky i would say it was a bit noisy - we were at the back of the hotel near all the heating vents, so it was quite noisy - but we didn't complain as i expected noise in a city. If we had complained I am sure they would have moved us with no trouble. The Bathroom was fab -all marble and the shower was great - very powerful.The best thing about the hotel was the service - anything you wanted, all the hotel staff would bend over backwards to get for you. The communal areas are very nice, and the complimentary breakfast was excellent - really good fresh fruit salad, croissants, breads etc.Another tip -if you are a smoker like us, there is a great cigar bar called Club Macenudo 9 blocks from the hotel where you can still smoke - yipee! It is really nice inside, the staff are good, and they do good food - what more can you want!We went to the bar in the hotel once, but weren't that keen - it is nearly pitch black inside and quite expensive compared to the other places we went.I would also recommend Cellini the Italian Restaurant just across the road from the hotel - great food and service and good value - two course and a good bottle of wine for two was $100.Overall we had a fab time in New York and at the Hotel - we will definatley go back and will definatley stay at the Elysee.	
Dec 30 2006 	My New Home In New York City	I had stayed the Elysee's sister property the Casablanca in June and really liked it and decided to try the Elysee because of the location in midtown. This was going to a quick 48 hour trip from LA to NYC so I e-mailed the hotel ahead of time and requested a room at the back of the hotel as I'm a very light sleeper, and with the trip being so short I was really hoping they would me able to accommodate me. I had booked a deluxe king room. While checking in I was told that I had been upgraded to a one bedroom suite at the back of the hotel. I felt like reaching across the counter and planting one on the nice young man! I was escorted up to my suite and absolutely giddy with delight as this never happens to me. The suite was spectacular! The living room was very large for NYC standards and had a plasma tv in the armoire. The bedroom was equally large and spacious and the bathroom was done in marble. I only wished my stay was to be longer than 48 hours.The complimentary breakfast can be delivered to your room for only $5. I called and requested this service in the morning and it was brought immediately up which consisted of a large pot of coffee, bagels, and fruit. I tipped the deliveryman and dug in! I couldn't believe what incredible service I was getting. The wine and cheese in the evening was generous and relaxing. The free wi-fi in the room was also very much appreciated.What sets the Elysee apart is the staff. Each request or inquiry was met with a professional response. The hotel is boutique style so its very intimate and the staff addresses you on a first name basis, making it feel like home. I travel to NYC quite a bit for business and pleasure and I have tried them all, but this will be my new home away from home. The abundant complimentary breakfast, wine and cheese and free wi-fi make the Elysee such a great value. And no, its not cheap, but what is in NYC? If you add in the complimentary services and the fantastic staff the Elysee simply can't be beat. And thanks again to everyone who made my stay so effortless. Only wish I could have stayed in the suite for a week!	
Dec 5 2006 	I love the Elysee	A warm and cozy hotel, with a great midtown location, without the crowds and noise of those big hotels. The rooms are immaculate and beautifully appointed. The staff is friendly and courteous. It's always my first choice if I need to stay in New York.	
Nov 26 2006 	Not That Impressed	I was so excited having read some wonderful reviews on Trip Advisor but... it was just okay. I liked the quaintness though, and our room was lovely. But, our bathroom was not clean - hair in the sink and tub upon arrival - and quite small. I never thought I would care if my room had a peephole or not but the door buzzers on the rooms to either side of us were so loud, I thought there was someone at my door several times and had to open the door to find out.Staff was very friendly and helpful. Breakfast was very good. Great location but I think not a great value.	
Nov 18 2006 	An OK Value for the Price	My wife and I stayed at Hotel Elysee for three nights in November over a long weekend. I would agree with another review that says that the hotel is not a great value for the money.Here are some of the high and low points:High Points:- The wine and cheese receptption from 5-8 each weekday night is very nice with good cheese selections and good wine and champagne- The continental breakfast is great with fruit, wonderful pastries, juices, and coffee with a great staff- The location is fairly convenient to most places- Good service throughout with prompt attention to requests (like printing boarding passes, etc)- Very clean throughout- Good quality sheets and towels- Great shower water pressure- I had a package delivered to the hotel and it was promptly delivered.Low Points:- The bathrooms are extremely small with no vanity to place belongings and the toilet was so close to the wall, it was actually hard to use. You end up using the closed toilet lid to place your belongings- Some may say the furniture is &quot;vintage&quot; or &quot;charming.&quot; I just call it old and well worn. - The one elevator is extremely slow- Any rooms facing the street have windows that leak, so you will hear wind, noises, etc. all night- The A/C unit isn't exactly quiet and will cycle on and off and on and off throughout the night- You will wait up to 5 minutes to get hot water in the morning- No coffeemakers, peepholes, or morning paper as mentioned in the previous reviewSo, all in all, if you are looking for a smaller hotel, with great service, and the nightly wine hour with breakfast, this can't be beat. If you value larger, newer rooms and bathrooms with more space, you may be dissappointed.	
Nov 16 2006 	Great small hotel	I stayed at the Hotel Elysee quite by chance. I booked Casblanca(a smaller, sister hotel in Times Square) on the wrong date! The concierges there promptly started calling and got me a room at the Elysee. The location was great(although the party I was attending was in Times Square, hence my first choice of Casablanca) and the hotel was lovely. I believe the rooms have recently been renovovated. There was no noise from the street even though my room was on 54th. The bathroom was clean and nicely decorated. There is a clubby, library-style lounge on the second floor where a complimentary continental breakfast is available( wine &amp; cheese later in the day and coffee all day).  The hotel is small but my room was large by NYC standards; there was a small seating area as well as a double bed. The staff was friendly but not obtrusive. I will definitely stay here again.	
Nov 13 2006 	Fantastic Hotel	We stayed at the Elysee for 3 nights. The hotel is very central to all the major sights and shopping streets. When we arrived we were put on the 3rd floor at the front. The room was lovely but very noisy and we didnt get any sleep that night. We complained and were moved, without any fuss, to the 6th floor at the back. What a difference. The room was lovely and spacious and very quiet. The breakfast is lovely and so is the wine and cheese in the evening. I would recommend this hotel to anyone if you could guarantee a room at the back of the hotel.	
Nov 8 2006	My favorite hotel in all of NYC!!!	I travel a lot and this is the most accommodating, professional staff I have ever experienced! The rooms were immaculate and quiet. I can't recommend it enough. I tell everyone I know that the Elysee is the best of the best, and that's saying a lot for an avid traveler.	
Oct 23 2006 	Not a good value	We chose the hotel because of all of the good reviews on Tripadvisor. It is true that the location is excellent and that the staff is quite nice. And, there is a certain quaintness staying in a 99 room hotel in NY. But, for $425 per night for a basic room, the value is not there. Let me explain.No disrespect to our European friends who review on this site, but American expectations for a proper hotel room are quite different: The room must be quiet, the bed superb, and the room spacious. First, why not a coffee maker in the room? The continental breakfast is free in the library, so it's not as if they are trying to force you to pay for the product. It is so darn inconvenient to have to get dressed, go down to the library and fill up a cup and hoof it back to your room with cup in hand.Whatever happened to a free morning paper at your door? Is 50 cents too much for the hotel to spend for a NY times? Or am I one of the last dinosaurs that likes to read a paper in the morning?Because the hotel is old, you will have to listen to the air conditioning unit under the window starting up and shutting down all night long (just like at a Motel 6). (Up to date hotels have units that are vented into the rooms overhead and the compressors are located elsewhere.)Our room was in the back, overlooking an air shaft. I was not interested in a view, just quiet. However, there was a 24 hour low roar from some rooftop mechanical units below us. If the windows had been proper, double-glaze soundproof windows, this would not have been a problem. But, they were not.Our room 92 had no full length mirror (my wife likes that kind if thing), no peephole in the door (to see who is buzzing outside), and, no counter space in the bathroom. If I had stayed at a hotel like this in Europe, I would have thought, &quot;how charming&quot;. But at $425 per night in one of the most competitive hotel markets in the world, it just doesn't meet New York standards for that price level.	
Oct 19 2006 	Friendly Personal Atmosphere	I have stayed in other NYC hotels but found this one the best. Spacious quiet room, wonderful breakfasts and friendliness from both staff and guests. Sometimes had to wait for the lift at peak breakfast time but never for long.Rooms all vary and those lower down facing the street can be noisy but I had no problems. I will definitely return.	
Oct 18 2006	enjoy our stay	Yes, everything you've read below is spot-on. I can add that the place is booking up far in advance, thanks in part to all the endorsements here. Stayed at the Elysee hotel many times in the past. My wife and I returned recently for a wedding and enjoyed our stay as usual. Hotel is just beautiful and peaceful, refined and atmospheric. If you want a quiet, intimate setting, a real feeling of old-style glamour then this is the place to stay. Breakfasts were perfect. The only think we missed this time was Italian wines that they used to serve here. Even though that was a little disappointed, we did enjoy our stay.	
Oct 10 2006 	Nice hotel...	First, I love the location. The hotel is located on a nice side street and just minutes from a lot of action. The folks at the front desk are very nice. The hotel is small and quaint. My room was located on the 15 floor and I didn't experience any long delays with the elevator. The room was small, although very clean. The bed was comfortable. Pros: Wine from 5-8 on the 2nd floor was great. The location is great and the rooms are clean and comfy. Breakfast was goodCons: At 400+ per night, it felt a bit too expensive	
Sep 24 2006 	Very nice but would try elsewhere next time.	I found The Elysee not as European as others. For starters, nobody spoke French. It was more British in feel. Ours was one of the &quot;pantry&quot; rooms (604). It had a wierd, meandering hallway with a small wet bar, microwave and fridge on the way to the decently sized bedroom. Good king bed, but definitely not great. Standard sheets. Gilchrest and Soames toiletries. All of these choices were not as high-end as I would except for the price. The breakfast was nice, especially because of all of the guests around reading the papers. It had tables and sofas, very comfortable. The coffee was pretty bad, BUT I asked and received complimentary cappucino (doppio). The bottom line is that for upwards if $400. a night, it ain't worth it. Would be for less.	
Sep 8 2006 	New favorite hotel in NY	Great hotel! Large rooms for NY. Good A/C. Quiet. Marble bath, hallway and wet bar. Spotless. Maids did not disturb when sign was on the door. I didn't eat breakfast but hubby said it was great. Great location. Fine linens, good amenites, firm comfy bed. I liked it better than the Casablanca, the Michelangelo, the Algonquin (tiny rooms), the Lucerne and all the others I've stayed at with the exception of the St. Regis which is twice the price and maybe the Lowell (also twice the price) Will definitely stay there again.	
Sep 3 2006	A hidden gem in the center of Manhattan	We love small European hotels and rarely see anything similar in the United States. We could have sworn we were in Paris but we were in the middle of New York. The hotel oozes charm, the breakfast is incredible, the stafff very friendly and helpful and the price is right!	
Sep 1 2006 	fabulous	just returned from a 3 night stay at the hotel elysee.. what a fabulous hotel!! the hotel is gorgoeus, the rooms are charming .. the marble bathroom just right.. i thought i was back in paris!!the hotel staff was uniformly pleasant and helpfull ...always had a cheerful attitude.. i travel alone and am a &quot;more mature &quot; lady so really appreciate this!! and what a treat to have breakfast and &quot;wine and cheese&quot; in such a deligtful atmosphere!! to sum up, this is the only hotel in new york for me now!! i just hesitate to tell everyone about this gem.. i'd rather keep it a secret!!!!!!	
Aug 22 2006 	Great Hotel 	Just back from this hotel after staying there for a week. Hotel, rooms and bathrooms were absoutely spotless. Room had a mini refridgerator and mini bar and the beds were so comfortable and big. Breakfast was very filling and it's included in the room rate. Afternoons were also nice to meet up and chat while having complimentary cheese &amp; wine. Staff were friendly. Only problem was the elevator was slow but we got over it. Location for this hotel was brillant, 2 blocks from 5th Ave and all it's glory and a few streets from Central Park. Restaurant in hotel was excellent, great steaks and The Monkey Bar was lively every night. Would defiantely stay in Hotel Elysee when I return next.	
Aug 21 2006 	Loved the bed!	We booked our stay for two nights based on previous positive reviews of Hotel Elysee. We were not disappointed. I loved the 'marshmallow creme' comfortable bed and slept great. It was nice to have a small frig in the room and thought the size of the sleeping area and bathroom was fine. I liked having a good size soap for the shower, Gilchrist &amp; Soames brand was nice. I thought the front desk staff to be extremely reserved, I really didn't approach them for info (restaurant recommendation, etc.) as they didn't seem very open. I really liked the continental breakfast - they had a huge bowl of delicious cut up fruits which really jazzed up the pastry, cereal etc. choices. If you want your bagel toasted, ask one of the staff, also, one morning we were offered a cappucino which was a nice touch. This is a lovely quiet hotel in a great location.	
Aug 8 2006 	Old world elegance without killing your pocket book	It was so hot in NYC that when I opened the car door, it felt like I was standing in front of a blast furnace, so when the cool air of this hotel's lobby wrapped its comforting arms around me, I just started to smile. This hotel is great, because it combines the old world elegance I expect to find in NYC, with the extra values that other upscale hotels just soak you for. Here parking for 24 hrs is $25.00 not $45.00, wireless internet is free not $10.00 per day, a wonderful continental breakfast which includes: fresh fruit, bagels and baked goods, cereal, hard boiled eggs, coffee, fresh juice, and tea. The bathrooms are marble, the room furnishings elegant topped off with a crystal chandlier. The elevator is a tad slow, but hey nothing is perfect, nor should it be. I had only one problem which was that drain in the shower didn't work well, it was fixed promptly. The chamber maids to the front desk staff were all considerate, and helpful. The location is wonderful, two blocks from 5th Ave, several incredible restaurants, 2 blocks from the &quot;6&quot; train, and 3 blocks from the new MOMA. A hotel is simply a building, but it is people with the right management who make it work, and this hotel has got the right stuff.	
Aug 6 2006 	Unbelievable	We just returned from a three night stay at the Elysee. IT COULD NOT HAVE BEEN BETTER. There were nine ladies and every single one of us felt that we made the right choice. Meeting in the morning in their second flour lounge was terrific. We could set an approximate time to meet and would then be able to enjoy the best continental breakfest we have ever had. FRESH was the word of the day. Could it get any better. Yes. The wine and cheese hours were spectacular. After walking all day, and before the theater, we just loved meeting there. We also loved the location. If I had to make one comment, it would be that the carpet in our suite should be replaced. However, carpet or not, this is where my husband and I are staying on our next trip there.	
Aug 4 2006 	Really nice boutique hotel	We recently stayed here for 6 nights and I can honestly say there's not one real thing to complain about the hotel. The bar is another story!! Not great service there and noisy. We actually saw a couple wait to pay their bill and getting ignored so they left with their bill in their hand because they were so angry! The hotel itself is small and quiet. We had a room on the 12th floor and it was very hard to hear traffic from the street. The room itself was very nice, mostly antique type of furnishings but very clean. The bathroom is small and no fan in there, but that's a minor quibble. At least you could open the window in there for some air. The breakfast in the am was pretty good. The evening wine and cheese very nice-they even had champagne! We never had to deal much with the front desk staff but they seemed friendly and efficient enough. I loved the second story breakfast/wine and cheese room as you could sit by the windows and see out to the street below and people watch. I think I could sit there all day. This is a very quaint and elegant hotel. We really loved it. We hope to come back next year, hopefully it won't be another record heat wave!	
Jul 28 2006 	Another bullseye for Tripadvisor!	I picked this hotel out for our 4 night stay in Manhattan in July because of the rave reviews on Tripadvisor. I was not disappointed.Positive features: Great location in midtown Manhattan; very helpful staff; complimentary buffet breakfast with free newspapers; large bedrooms for New York; complimentary drinks and nibbles in the Club Room from 5pm to 8pm Monday to Friday; room rates very reasonably priced.Negative features:Only one rather slow elevator; bedrooms somewhat dark and dingy.These are minor gripes. I can highly recommend the place and would certainly stay there again.	
Jul 7 2006 	Discovery of a Manhattan Treasure	From the moment we stepped through the vestibule of this utterly charming Europeran style boutique hotel, we knew we had made the perfect decision. All of our usual hotels were completely full, and we were thus forced to try something new. After much research, and a little apprehension, we settled on the 'unknown to us' Hotel Elysee. I can't begin to tell you how very, very happy we were with the outcome of this decision. The Hotel Elysee is now our FIRST CHOICE destination when visiting New York. From the pleasingly congenial and intelligent front desk staff, to the elegant yet understated and tasteful decor, to the wonderfully comfortable beds and luxurious pillows, to our room's rejuvinating sitting area and fireplace, to the kind and accomodating housekeeping personnel-- this hotel delivers everything a guest could wish for. I shouldn't forget to mention the two complimentary bottles of water and delicious chocolate bar that was waiting for us when we entered our spacious and well appointed room, OR the savory and thoroughly satisfying complimentary wine, cheese, crackers, and fruit that was provided in the evenings, OR the tasty 'gratis' European breakfast that was served every morning, OR the unlimited provision of coffee, tea, fruit and cookies that was made readily availablle at all times in a beautiful sitting area. Perhaps most importantly, we were treated with the highest level of care by the friendliest and most efficient staff I have ever experienced in NYC. This hotel is a gem in every way! An unforgettable home away from home!	
Jun 30 2006	A Special Place	As a securities industry professional, I have been traveling to NYC for over thirty years. Fortunately, ten years ago, I discovered the Hotel Elysee. It is remarkable how a warm, inviting &quot;home away from home&quot; can significantly alter an individual's travel disposition. Others have written about the great location, charming parlour on the second floor, complementary breakfast, nicely appointed and clean rooms, no charge in room wireless, intimate ambiance and overall outstanding value of the Elysee etc.--all of which are true, but what sets the hotel apart is the friendly professionalism of the staff...starting with the Hotel Manager John Avina. John &quot;gets&quot; customer service and he has imparted his philosophy very effectively on the entire Elysee team. I will not stay at another hotel in Manhattan even if I am attending a conference in a different hotel or if the entirety of my business is centered downtown. My family has joined the Elysee fan club and always looks forward to arriving at our New York home. Quite simply, the Elysee experience softens the intimidation factor associated with New York and gives it a neighborhood feel. Finally, for those who find exercise important, the Elysee has a relationship with a first class health club chain a few blocks away. The facilities dwarf even the best hotel fitness centers in terms of variety and state of the art relevance...and, once again, for no additional charge. The Elysee is many things... but most importantly, it is a wonderful hotel and my family's home away from home!	
Jun 12 2006	Kind of Disappointing	We were prepared to love the Elysee after reading the other reviews, but unfortunately our experience wasn't quite as good. The pros: the location is great, the room was very nice (and very large compared to others that we've been in in New York), the shower was great and the breakfast and free internet were definitely appreciated. The major con: the elevator, which several times took so long to reach us and then was full when it finally did, that we were forced to walk the stairs many times - not a hassle normally but definitely a hassle with a 5-month-old baby and a stroller. Beyond that, our problem with the hotel was that the staff always seemed to do the bare minimum and never go beyond. One example of many: when we checked in, the bellman had trouble with one of our room keys. He got the other to work though, and we forgot all about this until two days later when we accidentally grabbed the bad keycard when going to breakfast and subsequently got locked out of the room. It would have been nice if he had followed up immediately and replaced the bad key. We also got the all-time worst restaurant recommendation from the front desk. We love discovering new restaurants in different parts of town and rely on the hotel for guidance. Most of the time this turns out great. However, our request of the Elysee was a nearby restaurant with the best food (didn't matter if it was 5-star or a hole in the wall) and someplace appropriate for a 5-month-old. They sent us to the Brasserie on 53rd. Bad, bad, bad! It was not stroller-friendly, the food was all presentation over substance, and worst of all it took over an hour to get our food - about 15 minutes longer than our very good baby was willing to remain quiet. $140 for a mediocre meal with very bad service, and we were actually still hungry when we left. We will probably stay at the Elysee again next time, since we would love to finally settle on a favorite NYC hotel and it has a lot going for it. However, we would hope for better (and more personalized) customer service next time. The past month we've paid roughly the same $325/night at the Loews Vanderbilt in Nashville and the Mauna Lani in Hawaii, and both of those had such amazing staffs that the Elysee really paled by comparison (maybe not fair to compare, but for that much money we expected more).	
Jun 8 2006 	hotel that is like hime	hotel elysee has all the comforts of home . My wife and I have stayed there many times. every room is unique and very comfortable. the second floor lounge is great, especially at breakfast and evening. you cannot find a better hotel anywhere. The staff is the best!!	
Jun 5 2006	New York Hospitality	We were warmly welcomed at the elegant Hotel Elysee, conveniently located on 54th and Park. The Elysee could not have made a better base from which to see the sites being minutes from Central Park, MOMA and a host of NY attractions. The staff were so friendly and helpful (they offered to and indeed made dinner reservations for us, for example), the accommodation so pleasant and capacious (we had a dressing chamber in our reasonably priced room) that staying at &quot;home&quot; was almost as enjoyable as venturing into this fabulous playground metropolis. The hotel boasts a nice candle-lit bar frequented by nearby office workers and an uninspiring but entirely adequate restaurant.	
Jun 2 2006	Great hotel	Great location. Very nice staff. The fact that there is a complimentary breakfast is a strong point of this hotel since in most places it's around 20$ per person. Complimentary cookies and tea/coffee available all day and wine/cheese/crackers from 5 pm to 8 pm every week day. Beautiful breakfast-tea room. There's a computer with internet access there and also wifi access in each room (free). The room and the bathroom were very nice (see pictures from our room, number 77), very clean. Only problem was with the mattress which was not firm at all and in need of a replacement. Despite New York's noisy reputation we were not disturbed at night ( 7th floor).	
May 24 2006	Great Value for the Money	I loved the Hotel Elysee. We were on a red eye flight so we got to NYC bright and early. The front desk offered to store our luggage for us and asked us to go to the 2nd floor to have breakfast. Breakfast was great...they had bagels, muffins, scones, various teas and coffee to choose from. This hotel is small compared to the typical hotel chains but that is what I found great about it. It is elegant and reminds me of the nice English hotels with its feel and decor. The bathroom is clean and is updated with modern facilities as one would expect. The marble floors was great, the shower was easy to use and navigate, and the water pressure was awesome. On our second day, we didn't realize when the hotel stopped serving breakfast so we went anyway only to find a very nice and accommodating woman cleaning up. She offered to make a tray for us to have it on our room and so we had some bagels, fruit, muffins etc. It was truly amazing service and consideration. During our afternoon downtime, the hotel offers biscuits and crackers and fruit with coffee and tea. At certain time, there's wine served with various cheese and bread/crackers. It is truly a great value for the money spent here in this hotel. The location is great. It is walking distance to a lot of places when cabs are so hard to find in NYC. We walked to our nice dinner, we walked to the theater, we walked to catch the subway. I would definitely stay here again when I visit NYC.	
May 22 2006	The Elysee is a gem!	The Hotel Eylsee is wonderful! We just returned from a week in one of their deluxe (standard) rooms, which was very good size and well furnished (his and her sized chairs in our room). The 2nd floor lounge is terrific. The extra amenities included - continental breakfast (includes hard boiled eggs!); all day beverages, cookies and fruit; and the wine (including prosecca) and cheese in the evening, make for a very civilized and welcomed relief from the usual no-frills hotel offerings. We felt very pampered! The location is perfect - quiet enough but still within walking distance of the theater (for those rainy times when all the cabs disappear!). Wireless internet access in every room --- and a public pc on the 2nd floor. This hotel is definitely a gem!	
May 9 2006	A real gem	If you want to sample New York in style, there's no better place than the Hotel Elysee, at 60 E 54th Street. Situated right between Madison and Park Avenues, this traditional hotel offers some of the best value accommodation in NY. It couldn't be better placed, and it couldn't be better run. Give it a try, and you will not be disappointed.	
Mar 29 2006	Group Trip a Success	We stayed at the Elysee for four nights in March with a group of ten friends. All of us felt the surroundings were safe, comfortable and well located. The complimentary breakfast and snacks in the Club Room are excellent and a good value. This room was also a good place for us to meet each morning. The hotel itself was quiet, clean and well maintained. The staff members that assisted me were all very nice.I would definitely stay again and would recommend this hotel for future stays.	
Mar 6 2006	The Hotel Elysee: Excellent Value	My wife and I spent two nights there last month. There are positives and negatives, but on the whole I enjoyed the hotel and would stay there again.First the negatives. We got an excellent rate through Quikbook ($240.00 on Sunday night; $250.00 on Monday night. Although the hotel was not full, the desk staff rather curtly refused to give us a room with a king sized bed because we made our reservations were through Quikbook. Making your customers feel like second class citizens by availing themselves of a program in which you participate is hardly good marketing. The front desk staff on the whole would benefit from reading &quot;How to Make Friends and Influence People&quot;; they were not rude but curt. Does the name of the hotel encourage French-inspired officiousness? Our room was nice, but slightly tattered. The bed had an iron frame which made it uncomfortable to sit us up in. The chair in the sitting area was scuffed and worn. The chest of drawers was scratched.Now the positives. The location is terrific. You are in mid-town, but the location between Madison and Park is quite upscale and somewhat quieter than points west. The breakfast is fantastic; better than any other freebie I have ever had. The attendant was one of the nicest I have ever encountered. She is probably one of the lowest paid employees at the hotel, but she is the best at the art of hospitality. Other freebies were also welcome. We did not attend the wine and cheese; however, the free passes to the New York Sports Club were great. The bottled water and chocolate were a nice touch. We had the most modest room, but it included a small sitting area. The bathroom was spotless and marble. The hotel has a charmingly old-fashioned air. Phillip Stark is o.k., but I enjoyed the murals on the walls and even on the elevators. The place has a sense of the elegance of an earlier time. With a few tweaks this could place could be world class.	
Feb 20 2006	What a nice hotel	We just stayed 3 nights at the Hotel Elysee. Our room was spacious and beautiful. We were on the 12th floor and never heard anyone, although one night I did hear the garbage truck picking up outside. The breakfast was very nice and consisted of pastries, muffins, scones, and lots of bread choices with yummy jellies. Also several cereals, prunes, and hard boiled eggs. There was a big bowl of good mixed fruit, yogurt, and packs of instant oatmeal. Also several kinds of juice, 3 types of very good coffee with syrups, and many tea choices. We thoroughly enjoyed this club room throughout the day and night also, stopping in now and then between our activities. There were newspapers, a pc with internet, and a piano and tv in a smaller attached room which we always had to ourselves. There was always fresh coffee, tea and little cookies. The staff was pleasant and helpful. Great location. We would definitely stay here again.	
Feb 16 2006 	Cozy charming and convenient	I had a very pleasant stay at the Elysee during a VERY busy time in NYC - right in the middle of a huge fashion trade show, the Westminster Kennel Club dog show and a day after the biggest snowstorm in modern city history. The Elysee was a quiet haven, on less-busy 54th Street but within walking distance of Park Ave., Fifth Ave., Rockefeller Center, shopping, etc. My room, with its French decor, crystal chandelier and old-world furnishings, was one of only four on my entire floor (The 15th), so it was very quiet - like being in a gracious apartment building. Housekeeping was excellent. Bed was very comfortable. Two (very minor) things, however, both concerning the bathroom. It was lovely (black and white marble) and spotless, but the water pressure in both the shower and at the sink was uneven. Not a big deal for me, but I know this is an issue with some TripAdvisor members. It may have had something to do with me being on the top floor of an older building, but who knows. There was plenty of hot water, however. Also, the pedestal sink was pretty to look at, but offered no vanity space on which to store things. I'm a guy who can live out of a travel kit, so this isn't that big of an inconvenience for me, but it might be for women travelers with cosmetics, perfumes, etc. Still, minor quibbles. I would be more than happy to return to the Elysee. The breakfast in the Club Room is a nice touch, and the Monkey Bar is a lively, happening spot in an otherwise sedate, peaceful hotel (Good food and drinks, too). Check out Bill's across the street and Cinquanta Italian restaurant four blocks away on 50th St. for alternate places to go. There's also a decent wine shop across the street from the hotel. I highly recommend the Elysee.	
Feb 12 2006	Wonderful hotel; great location	We booked an anniversary weekend at the Hotel Elysee based on the reviews we read on TripAdvisor. We were extremely pleased with the service, rooms, ambience, and amenities. Everything about this hotel was wonderful--the room we had was large and comfortable; the continental breakfast (included with the room rate) was excellent, and the appetizers and wine in the afternoon was also a real treat.The location was convenient to lots of places we wanted to visit and we walked all over. This is a gem of a hotel, and reasonably priced for what you get. I highly recommend it.	
Jan 24 2006	Old World Elegance in the Big Apple	My wife and I spent a fabulously romantic weekend here right before Christmas and we were treated wonderfully. The Elysee has the feel of a hotel in the 1950s, but everything feels new and well maintained at the same time. Be sure to take part in the continental breakfast on the second floor, with comfortable couches and chairs, delicious eats and plenty of newspapers and books. If you're going to a Broadway play, it's very convenient and just the right walking distance. and have dinner at the Monkey Bar -- with its retro decor, you half expect Frank and Ava to walk in arm in arm. And have a drink at the old-school tavern Bill's 90s Piano Bar right across the street. Highly recommended!	
Jan 18 2006	Absolutey exquisite hide-away!!	I will never stay anywhere else when going to New York City!!Yes, it was our first time in the city that never sleeps and I am thrilled we managed to choose to stay in this fabulous hotel. Every single member of staff was always and at all times attentive, forthcoming and helpful. Their whole attitude is the best selling point for this hotel!Our room was of a good size, which was important since we stayed there for 10 nights over the holiday season (Xmas 2005 until Jan. 2006). Furniture of high quality and very stylish. Bathroom of adequate size, nicely smelling soaps and toiletries, bathrobes of soft Turkish cotton. Really good.Our room looked out on the street and yes, weekdays you get some noise. But, since we come from a city it didn't bother us. However, I would recommend asking a room at the back of the building if you are not used to some level of street noise.The complimentary breakfast had a much larger selection of offerings than I would have expected and it could keep you going through most of the day. Coffee and teas remain available for the whole day and as from 5pm they also offer a selection of cheeses and wine (and champagne while we were there). It is a very nice touch, in a cozy and comfortable room, but we didn't run back to the hotel every day 'to take advantage' of this.Personally I would try at all times to stay at this little gem, but by comparing prices! It doesn't exactly come cheap, but you get much more than just 'good value' for what you pay.The only downside in my opinion, is that you need to leave the area for a fair choice of restaurants. There are some places around the hotel but not so inspired in my opinion. Catch a metro and head down to the village of restaurants' row and choices are much better. It's still close enough, but not necessarily 'walkable'.Anyway, DO NOT MISS STAYING HERE!!!	
Jan 5 2006	Charming Hotel	I stayed at The Elysee 12/29/05 - 1/2/06 and found the hotel, the room, and the staff to be everything expected. I had a solarium room on the 7th floor that was extremly quiet (which was great as I did an extensive amount of clubbing and slept during the day)The staff were extremely professional and met all of my needs. I would definitly recommed The Elysee.	
Jan 3 2006	Elysee in downtown Manhattan was the Best	Just returned from a 4-day stay at the Hotel Elysee in downtown Manhattan. It was a great stay.The staff was fantastic and very accommodating. It's central location was great and made getting around the city very easy, especially for us non-city folk!The continental breakfast was great and the evening wine and cheese was a great added touch.	
Dec 29 2005	Elysee is wonderful!	I use Trip Advisor faithfully to plan all our vacations but I would have to say the several days we spent in NYC for the first leg of our honeymoon was the most research I've done for a trip. The NYC forum on Trip Advisor is amazing and all the local experts are so helpful.By the recommendation of a local expert we chose the Hotel Elysee as the location for our honeymoon stay. It's in a perfect location in East Midtown (54th between park and madison) and is a quaint boutique style hotel. It was what we were looking for.The rooms were adequate in size, the bathroom small but OK for two people. We were on the 15th floor far away from any street noise, but 54th is typically a smaller, quieter street than some of the others around. We like historical locations and a homey room feel which the Elysee rooms had. We took advantage of the extra mini refridgerator in the room and stocked up on soda, water and snacks from the convenient deli/store across the street.We LOVED the staff. They were all so wonderful and helpful especially Kevin and Will. The extra ammenity of continental breakfasts and wine cheese evenings was great in a very comfortable, cozy room. We also liked the use of the internet to contact our kids while we were gone. The convenience to walk to cental park, 5th avenue, Time Square and the Theatre district can not be beat. We will definitely make a trip back to the Elysee. We loved it and highly recommend the hotel.	
Dec 8 2005	Wonderful Weekend Getaway	I stayed at the Elysee a weekend in late July. We had a fabulous weekend! The hotel staff was very friendly and accomidating. We loved the coctail hour on Friday evening. The rooms were immaculate and the atmosphere was warm. I would highly recommed this hotel if you plan a weekend in the big city.	
Dec 4 2005	Attention to Details	At this ideal location (close to Rockefeller Center, Central Park, Times Square), you might think that location would be enough to want to stay here. However, this is a great hotel regardless of the location.The attention to detail really made our stay at the Hotel Elysee a special one. For example, there were fresh orchids on the table at breakfast, and the wines served during the free wine and cheese hour were not some cheap house wine, but unusual and very good brands. The marble in the bathroom and other little touches all added up to a great stay.The concierge was also able to easily find just the kind of restaurant we wanted to go to.The combination of location and attention to details made our weekend in New York a memorable one.	
Nov 26 2005	loved elysee	Due to incredible staff, fabulous location, and historcal value this hotel is a must for a return trip to the city.	
Nov 23 2005	My favorite hotel in NYC!!!	I always stay at the Elysee for business and personal trips to New York. While the location is very convenient, what really keeps me coming back is the outstanding service. Sometimes, it's the little touchs that set a hotel apart from the competition, and the Elysee excels in many ways. The attentive staff, the exceptional breakfast, free internet service; it's all here. They also have a great boardroom that's great for a small business meeting. I also need to give a mention for the Monkey Bar, which is a very cool, historic bar adjacent to the Elysee.	
Nov 7 2005	Great Hotel in Midtown	As others have said this is a great hotel in Midtown, 2 minutes from the subway between Maddison and Lexington. Welcoming and helpful staff, great and spacious room, we had a Terrace! Im not telling which room number as you will all want it! The breakfast, the afternoon cookies, all day coffee, tea and the wine and cheese from 5 - 8pm couldnt be faulted. We had the Super Shuttle from JFK which was fine. But the hotel said that they had had trouble with them on occasions so recommended a taxi on return. On leaving at 4.45am, the clerk called a taxi for us and an older Lincoln towncar drew up. I think the driver was a friend of the porter. A fee was agreed $60 and we were wisked, a bit too fastly wisked to JFK in under 25 minutes! You may decide to try different transport. We will definately use this hotel again on returning to NYC	
Nov 4 2005	Even the clients enthuse about the hotel while staying here!	My husband and I stayed at this lovely hotel for 4 days in Oct'05.It was Room #55. It was in the front, on the Fifth Floor and had a pantry. If we had known this we could have used it more than we did because across the street is a wonderful looking Deli which could have easily supplied any meals needed. But as it was low in the building, it was very noisy at night due to the demolition of some offices/suites in nearby buildings. (Since then I have !!) The room was so nicely spacious &amp; attractive so we were reluctant to move. We now understand that if you ask, &quot;quiet rooms&quot; are available. But if you like a corner room with windows on two sides, and have good earplugs this room would be simply superb as we are sure many others are from the rave comments of other clients. This is a great location. It has a common lounge that offers breakfast (there is no room service otherwise), tea/coffee/cookies from noon to 5 PM. Then wine &amp; hors d'oeuvres from 5PM - 8PM. Lovely touches. Staff welcoming and informed. What more could one want in a mid to highend small customer oriented hotel? Suited our budget considering all the NY Hotel options. Trust you enjoy as we did!	
Oct 12 2005	Great small hotel in convenient location	My husband and I stayed here over a long weekend, and found the hotel to be a quiet refuge, but close to theatre district, Rockefeller Center, etc. We almost stayed in Times Sq. and are so grateful we chose the Elysee instead. It is very clean, the rooms are generously sized (except for a very small bathroom), and the staff was friendly and pleasant. The complimentary continental breakfast was better than at many hotels. The free wine and cheese on weekdays, and coffee and cookies throughout the week, was a nice touch. (Although I think they could have done a lot better than Pepperidge Farm!). We would not hesitate to stay here again!	
Aug 13 2005	I finally found my favorite hotel in New York -- Hotel Elysee	I am a frequent traveler to New York, both business and pleasure. Over the years, I tried a new hotel with every visit; I generally had a pleasant experience. And then, a friend told me about Hotel Elysee and now it is my &quot;home away from home.&quot; This small hotel treats me like an&quot;important&quot; member of its &quot;family.&quot;When I checked into the hotel the first time, the expert staff called me by name and made me feel that they were so happy to meet me; it was as if they had been waiting all afternoon for my arrival. when I returned in the evening, they inquired about my day. No need for an appointed concierge --each front desk person is trained to provide full concierge services.The hotel itself is understated elegance. (It's been voted &quot;most romantic&quot; several times.) Artistic floral bouquets provide a sweet fragrance throughout the gracious lobby. The rooms, by New York standards, are large, well-appointed including marble bathrooms.And what could be better than your morning starting with a complete continental breakfast available (juices, fresh fruit, Danish, bagels, good coffees and tea); followed with wine (respectable vineyards), cheeses, fruit, fresh breads and crackers between 5:00 and 8:00 pm; and coffee, tea and cookies available until midnight. In fact, I have often met friends for wine and cheese and then gone out on the town.When I ride the elevator, I often ask other guests about their experiences at Hotel Elysee. To date, they all have responded either that they &quot;love the hotel and always stay there&quot; or this is their first time and they &quot;will be back.&quot; In fact, during my last stay, as I was riding the elevator down to check out on Sunday, a young couple carrying a wedding dress and bridal bouquet got on. They were married the previous day and that night -- Saturday -- was their first time at Hotel Elysee. With stars in their eyes, they told me they would be back! I smiled and thought, &quot;I'll be back too.&quot;	
Aug 7 2005	The Ultimate in Personal Service	Having recently returned from our first trip to NYC, it is easy to say that our stay at Hotel Elysee was as impressive as any landmark and as fabulous as any Broadway play. Our amenities and accomodations were bountiful and very tasteful. The free morning breakfast met every expectation with a wide variety of morning drinks, fresh fruit, delectable pastries and the oft-missing proteins in addition to the endless supply of morning newspapers, including The New York Times and USA Today. We were most impressed with the accomodating and knowledgable staff who greeted us by name and made sure we had point-precise directions for every outing. The recommendations for restaurants and shows were superb in every way. It would not be fair to review this uniquely personable hotel without noting the daily wines. champagne and cheeses et al served gratis each day. It was the ultimate in Old World elegance and personality. Without a doubt, we were extremely well taken care of and will return to Hotel Elysee as many times as we return to New York; can't wait for the next visit there!	
Jul 8 2005	Added extras means luxury cost less!	We got married in New York and stayed at the Hotel Elysee as our 'luxury' option. They upgraded us to a suite , they didn't even mention it at check in - we just arrived in the room and were blown away - which was utterly fabulous. But even the standard rooms are gorgeous. Really quirkly hotel - great restaurant and the Monkey Bar is a New York Institution - it was featured in Sex and the City - Carrie and Big went there. Where else has bar stools in the shape of pimento olives!!! Small enough for total personal service (great staff) but big enough to have everything you could ask for in a hotel. THey even opened the bar early for us on the morning of our wedding so the wedding party could gather there while we waited on the limo to pick us up. The buffet breakfast is fab and there is even wine and cheese in the afternoon. We chose this hotel for a little taste of luxury and stayed in the Belvedere for a fews days before the wedding as a cheaper option - however - when you add up the extra cost for breakfast at the Belvedere - it was actually cheaper to stay at the Elysee -(we selected both hotels via this website) and you can't beat the wine and cheese after an afternoons shopping in Henri Bendels (just around the corner). Perfect location for shopping and visiting cental park. A great base for Manhattan in general. We'll be back!	
Jul 5 2005 	Wonderful quirky boutique hotel	Great club room for breakfast and dinner hour snacks. Nice rooms with everything working - which isn't always the case for NYC hotels. Would be nice to have more than one elevator on occasion - being on a low floor allows for a quick trip up the steps (but you can't descend the stairs below the third floor). Having the Monkey Bar and Restaurant on site is a nice plus.	
May 23 2005	A TOP choice for Midtown--just avoid a room that faces the street!	Just returned from a 3-night stay at the Hotel Elysee...the room was beautiful with a spacious (as far as NYC hotel bathrooms go), recently renovated bathroom. Loved having the two big windows facing the street UNTIL I was trying to get to sleep. Unbelievably noisy! I couldn't believe how many times dumpsters needed to be emptied in the middle of the night. Plus there were often loud patrons leaving The Monkey Bar (adjacent to the hotel) and Bill's across the street. I should have asked to be moved after the first night but didn't want to bother. On the plus side, the location is ideal--in the heart of midtown and steps from the best shopping in the world. The club room on the second floor is a wonderful haven, like having a big living room as an extension of your hotel room. Great place to meet up with friends or business colleagues or just to unwind if you're traveling alone and don't feel like holing up in your room. The evening cheese and wine, vegetables, cookies, tea and coffee can easily substitute for a dinner out if you've had a big lunch. The continental breakfast serves up some of the best bagels you've eaten, fresh fruit, pastries, cereals, even hard-boiled eggs. Piles of newspapers are available, and there is even a computer with online access you can use for free, plus a nicely-stocked library. It is truly a home away from home (just get a room in the back that doesn't face the street!) Plus it's the BEST VALUE you will find in Manhattan, especially when you factor in what you can save on food. I made some phone calls and was pleased I wasn't gouged! And if you need an umbrella the bellhop will offer you one. Everyone was gracious and friendly and willing to go the extra mile. Across the street is one of the city's top seafood restaurants--Oceana--not to be missed as well!	
May 10 2005	Beautiful hotel amazing breakfast great location!	I took my mom to the Hotel Elysee for Mother's Day and we had the most wonderful time. The hotel is perfectly located, 1 block from 5th Ave., close enough to walk to Central Park or the theatre district very easily. The room was big and the beds comfortable, and the seperate changing area/foyer was a nice touch. The elevator takes forever, but the abundant breakfast (way beyond your usual croissants and bagels: they had hard boiled eggs, yogurt, fresh fruit, etc.) was more than enough to make up for it. Staff were extremely friendly, they even tracked down a restaurant for me when I called from the theatre. The 1 p.m. check-out is also a nice tough.We will definitely stay at the Hotel Elysee whenever we come to NYC.	
Apr 29 2005 	Best Hotel in NYC!!	Spring time in New York City is lovely. The all around best place to stay is The Hotel Elysee, the staff is so personal and caring and the dector is beatiful. This is most definitly my favorite hotel in the city.	
Mar 27 2005	Ten Year anniversary	Just spent a weekend for our 10 year anniversary. Very nice hotel. Told them we were celebrating our anniversary and when we checked in had a bottle of wine and a box of chocolates waiting for us. Great location close enough to walk to times square but far enough away to get away from the noise. Close to 5th ave. shops and central park. Service was outstanding. Served us in the Monkey Bar restaurant even though they were getting ready to close. we were the only ones in the restaurant which was a nice touch. The club room was great. Free wine and cheese during the week is a nice touch. Also serve free coffee and cookies all day. Great place to sit and relax! Would definitely recommend. Had a great time.	
Jan 1 2005	Tranquil Retreat in the Heart of the Big Apple	Love this hotel! Where else would you find a staff who would run out in the middle of the night for bandages! Everyone there we talked to felt the same way, an impossible to find, service oriented small hotel in midtown with a fabulous breakfast and sitting area and nice rooms with everything you could want. if a slow elevator bothers you, ask for a room on a low floor and walk down. Cannot recommend this hotel enough!	
Dec 31 2004	Great location	Great location - very close to the newly re-opened Midtown Museum of Modern Art and, of course, all of the shopping. Breakfast, beverages and snacks in the second floor gathering room are definitely a plus.Upon check-in, I was originally assigned a room on the 6th floor which was rather noisy (large exhaust fan outside below). I called the front desk, explained the problem, and was immediately moved to a much quieter room on the 15th floor. Very satisfactory handling of the issue.Rooms are traditionally furnished and in good, although not perfect, shape. My room had both a minibar and a separate fridge. The bed was okay - not superb, but certainly not a problem. I slept well every night.One of the earlier reviews indicated that there is only one hotel elevator - actually there are two. The main guest elevator was out of service for a couple of hours one day, so I was directed to use the service elevator (it's off the stairs) - not as fancy, but it got the job done. This hotel has above average housekeeping.	
Dec 28 2004	Loved the Elysee	We just returned from a 3 night Christmas stay at the Hotel Elysee. This is a fantastic hotel! The location cannot be beat. The rooms were beautifully appointed, spacious (for NYC) and very clean. The service from front desk to bellman was wonderful. Anything we needed was provided. When we asked for a cot for our young daughter, we were advised that they did not have any cots but would move us, free of cost, to a bigger room with a pull-out sofa. The complimentary breakfast served in the second floor club room was fresh, plentiful and the tea, coffee and cookies served all day were a welcome treat. I would stay here again.	
Dec 15 2004	Realistic review for NYC hotel		
Dec 3 2004	Very Disappointed		
Nov 15 2004	Lovely boutique hotel with unbeatable location--an oasis in NYC		
Sep 28 2004	Best Small Luxury Hotel in New York		
Jul 2 2004	Very nice stay		
Jun 17 2004 	European ambiance in Midtown Manhattan!		
Jun 6 2004	Keep This a Secret		
Feb 7 2004	"Perfect Stay..."		
Jan 8 2004	Parvus sed aptus...		
Nov 13 2003	Wonderful Stay		
Nov 18 2009 	lo spirito di new york		
Nov 14 2009 	un affare per new york!		
Nov 3 2009 	hotel al di sopra delle aspettative e della categoria di appartenenza		
Sep 20 2009 	Honeymoon im Hotel Elysee		
Aug 3 2009 	un hôtel très agréable		
May 30 2009 	merveilleux endroit pour séjourner à NYC		
May 26 2009 	Inmejorable!!		
May 25 2009 	Simplemente magnífico		
Apr 7 2009 	di classe		
Jan 6 2009 	Très bon hôtel à taille humaine		
Oct 30 2008 	Una buena elección para visitar NY		
Sep 9 2008 	Un piccolo bel hotel		
Aug 28 2008 	Excellent hôtel		
Jan 8 2008 	Agréable chaleureux et convivial hôtel		
