	great stay in heart of manhattan!	lovely hotel, good view of 59th street bridge particularly in the top floor bar. 10 minutes walk into central park and not much further into times square. Some great bars and restuarants in the local area. Amazingly large rooms for central new york. two double beds in out room, with space around the edges! we can't wait to go back!	
	Not Worth The Price - even discounted!	I got a $168 rate for two nights right after Thanksgiving and given the reviews thought it was worth it (I could've saved about $50 a day at other similar east side hotels) - I was wrong. First it is at the dead area of BEYOND York Avenue, right on the water and the only thing nearby is a Mobile station. Feels deserted as you pull up. Then I came in from an international flight with a lot of luggage - there was no one there to help me and I had to lug up stairs. The front desk was professional and nice - I was upgraded to a King bed. Once inside the room, I liked the decor and the bathroom (nice bath products) but started to notice some glitches. Heat was on and it was 50 plus degrees outside - no way to open a window so I turned the A/C on which I hate to use, but I needed a nap and the heat would've kept me awake. Then there was no hotel directory of services (I didn't know where the gym was or if they had a restaurant etc.) I was too tired to go out for the long walk to a store so I looked for the minibar prices to see what it would cost to drink their water until I had some sleep....could not find a price list anywhere and even looked inside the minibar -- which was as HOT as the room??!! nonrefrigerated drinks - what's the point? They had basic cable but not even HBO? Several channels were just frozen...for their regular rate of over $200 a night, they should spring for better cable. The WORST was housekeeping. Slamming doors for almost a half hour straight in the morning - there were only 10 rooms on my floor but the housekeeper kept walking in and out of rooms and let the door SLAM with a very loud noise. Finally I asked her to close the doors gently as I was jetlagged - was up all night and was trying to sleep. She was rude and said - well, I am checking the rooms. I said yes, but the doors don't need to be slammed over and over while you are doing it! She slammed a few more doors and I called the front desk to complain. A half hour later as I was dozing off finally, my room phone rang. It was HOUSEKEEPING! asking if I wanted my room serviced. My response was the REASON I had a do not disturb sign on my door was to keep from being bothered by housekeeping --- do not disturb means DON'T CALL EITHER! If a guest needs something, they will of course ask. Just badly managed place with a general feeling of a lack of care in the rooms and amenities. No free wifi even in the lobby - walked to a Starbucks to check my email. The only pleasant experience was the front desk staff.	
	Good price/Poor location	I stayed with my partner for 4 nights at this hotel and we chose it primarily because of the sale price of $190 per night. Take into consideration that the hotel generally provides such a discount not earlier then 5 days before your check-in date. We also hoped for moderate pricing for hotel services too, but it was not so. Wi-Fi Internet cost about $15 per day, local calls were also for a charge. The location of the hotel is a little bit poor. It is very hard to get to centrally located sites by foot. We tried it at the first day, but then decided to take a taxi. Average taxi ride to Times Squire cost $10-12. I liked room design, the furniture was not too tired, the only tired thing was a heater that worked not well. The stuff at the reception was helpful and very good looking).	
Nov 26 2009 	Quite good ... but	We were staying at this hotel for 3 days in November, quite good design, friendly reception but there were some problems - room wasn't clean when next day the stuff was cleaning it they didn't pick up the trash, for all 3 days the soap, shampoo and other bath thing weren't renew or changed. We didn't complain because I don't like to ruin holidays because of small problems. Still $200 per night and no shampoo is looks like a joke. The room was quite big enough, new flat screen tv, good furniture, free coffee on first floor, but as always - some butts - 15 US dollar per day for internet ! Guys you are in NY - thats laugh. This amount people paying for month. Way out of expensive!!! If you dont need any internet and looking for nice place this could be for you, but check the cleaning when you arrive.	
Nov 24 2009 	Great hotel for the price	Considering the usually high price of hotels in New York, this one was great and was very affordable. I only stayed for 1 night, but was very happy with the location, staff, and general cleanliness.	
Nov 19 2009 	Everything we needed!!	The Bentley was everything we needed for this trip. It was conveniently located beside the Animal Medical Center where we were bringing our dog for a life saving procedure. Parking was right under the hotel and you got a discount by staying at the hotel. Our room was very clean, spacious and had a nice view. The bed was inviting and so comfortable. The staff was very friendly and eager to help in any way. The restaurant/bar had an outstanding view of the city. We would definitely recommend staying at the Bentley. We walked to several places and got the subway with no problems to places we wanted to go that were a little to far to walk.	
Nov 12 2009 	Would recommend except for location	I stayed here for 3 nights in November. Positives:- Clean, comfortable and nicely furnished hotel room.- Bathrooms were decently sized for NYC bathroom.- Nice bath amenities.- Staff were all very pleasant and friendly, really great.- Smaller hotel with boutique-like feeling.- Very reasonably priced hotel.Negatives:- Location is very far east so if you're in NYC to sightsee and you don't need to be on the upper east side, then do not stay here. You have to take a taxi to get anywhere (yes, there is a bus across there street but the buses in NYC are extremely slow due to traffic) and the subway stop is too far to comfortably walk to/from. I would advise staying midtown or more central area near subway. Also, the restaurants near the hotel are mediocre at best. There just isn't much to do around here.- Noisy windows. I've stayed at a number of NYC hotels over the years and most hotels are pretty quiet considering you're in NYC. For some reason, both hotel rooms here were very noicsy. I could hear the noise of cars traveling on the 59th st. bridge and the honking from the cars on the street below. Much much too noisy I thought.- NYC was experiencing some very mild weather for November and it was sunny and gorgeous. Unfortunately, the heat was on in the hotel and it was stifling and completely uncomfortable. They gave me a fan but that just blew around the hot air so it was not a relief at all. And I'm the type of person that prefers hot weather. So, if that happens, ask for a north facing room (so the sun doesn't beat down on the windows). We switched rooms and it helped. This is probably an occasional problem but when it does happen, it is pretty annoying.- No ice bucket or ice on the floors (although you could call and ask for ice and they will send it to you). No coffee maker, etc. - Mini bar in room is not cold so even if you want to spend $5 on a coke, if you open the door, nothing in there is cold! That was kinda annoying when you're thirsty and need something to drink. There is a gas station right next to the hotel where we picked up some cold drinks the next night.I did not go to the gym or the restaurant so I cannot comment on those.So overall, if you need to be on the upper east side and need a basic hotel that is clean no frills hotel, then I would recommend this hotel. Otherwise, I would recommend that you pay a little extra and stay elsewhere more convenient to everything that NYC has to offer.	
Nov 11 2009 	Fine hotel-would definitely return.	The Bentley is an excellent hotel and we enjoyed our stay. When we checked in, the desk told us she was upgrading us to a deluxe room. We were treated to a two room &quot;suite' with two flat screen TV's, comfortable seating and bed, excellent bathroom, and a great view of the skyline. The location worked for us, as we were visiting a mile uptown on the east side. We were pleased overall, and would stay again. Oh-the walls are very thin :(	
Nov 3 2009 	value for money.	we booked this hotel for a week in October because it was the cheapest by far with spacious rooms and the reviews were good,after long queues in immigration we were very happy to get to our hotel and even happier when we were told that we had been upgraded to a bigger room. The check in was very fast and the staff were very helpful and friendly. It is a little off the beaten track but if like us you enjoy walking its not a problem. Its also in a nice quiet area always felt safe. This was our third time in NYC , our last 2 visits we stayed in hotels near times square but after staying at the Bentley we would not stay anywhere else. We are planning our next trip to NYC already in March . As for shopping Lexington Ave is only 15 mins walk from hotel and subway station to times square or downtown is on the same Ave near Bloomingdales. We would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Oct 16 2009 	serious problems mar this hotel's virtues	This was my second stay in six months. While the hotel still impressed me with its friendly desk and janitorial staff, cleanliness, spaciousness, reasonable prices, and views that are as nice as ever, there were serious problems this time. There was no heating in the rooms in mid-October! It was cold outside, and the long walls of windows in my room (affording the view) leaked out any residual warmth. When I complained, the staff gave me one of the space heaters that they'd bought for the rooms. That made my stay bearable, but what kind of way is this for the owners/managers to run a hotel?Also, the wifi service, which one has to pay for and is provided by an outside vendor, was slow and buggy. Sometimes it worked on the third try, once it didn't work at all and required a call to their TA line, and once I just gave up. This is unacceptable in the 21st century.If these problems aren't ironed out, I'm not sure I'd return for a third time.	
Oct 12 2009 	Friendly Staff Great Stay	We spent two nights in NYC on a trip through the Northeast. The first night we stayed at an older hotel that was 4 star and the second night we stayed at Bentley. While both hotels were nice, our experience at Bentley was great. The staff was super friendly and accomodating, the room was huge and beautifully decorated. We arrived early (just before noon) and they were more than happy to accomodate getting us into a room and one on a high floor with a great view. They made it clear during every interaction that they were there to meet our needs and exceed our expectations. We plan to stay there anytime we go back to NYC.	
Oct 8 2009 	Very Pleasantly Surprised	I was with my husband, who traveled to NYC for business and his company put him up in the Bentley Hotel. I was really bummed at first because it was only rated as a two star hotel and in an out of the way area. I've stayed at three star hotels in NYC that were not that nice, so I was scared of what the Bentley would be like, but I was very pleasantly surprised. The lobby, our room and bathroom were all very modern and clean. The room had a flat screen tv and had a view of the East River &amp; Queensboro bridge, which was quite nice. It was a much nicer view than I've had right in midtown in pretty nice hotels. The bathroom was average size for NYC (small), but modern and still had plenty of room. It had glass enclosed shower, which I prefer over bath/tub combo with shower curtain anyway. Bed was very comfortable with nice sheets &amp; down or down alternative pillows. The only downside to this hotel is the location. It's in a nice, quiet residential neighborhood, but as a tourist I like being in the middle of everything and you're not really near anything. The closest subway was a good 5-6 block hike, with only one or two lines going up that way. We just took cabs instead to avoid the hastle. If you don't mind staying out of the way, the Bentley hotel was a great deal. It was one of the least expensive hotels I saw for that time period and a great deal for the price.	
Oct 7 2009 	Great value for your money	A little noisy since near the bridge but great room (Deluxe suite)	
Oct 4 2009 	Second time-stil fabolous	My husband and I organised a 'long weekend' trip to NYC for ourselves and friends from the UK. I recommended the The Bentley Hotel on upper east side, as I had stayed there before and loved it. I was happy to say we all loved the experience. Yes, it is not in the middle of the city but you can get anywhere fairly quick. Our stay worth the money because of the friendly helpful staff, AWESOME bed and comfy warm welcoming back from the front desk. I like the Bentley, it feels more like a small hotel event that hotel has about 190 rooms. I will stay there again ,I start saving already for the next trip to NY.	
Sep 26 2009 	Faux chic...in need of improvements	After a five hour red eye from Los Angeles we were relieved to unwind in the hotel lobby. At first glance, the hotel comes across chic but it soon loses its luster. For starters our deluxe upgrade was falsely advertised and featured a pull out bed in place of two double beds. The hotel was nice enough to upgrade us to a larger room however they delayed in delivering our luggage. After five hours and several phone calls to the front desk we were asked to come back down to the lobby and identify our bags.At best the rooms are pleasant and comfortable but the hotel definitely lacked amenities. No ice buckets or vending machines. Coffee is limited and apparently runs out quick but the front desk insists that the coffee at the nearby gas station is just as good! No free WIFI and slow connection speeds are available but overly priced. The AC was loud but necessary for our stuffy room. It broke down and had to be replaced. When that failed to cool off our room we were offered a circulating unit. The bathrooms are small and cramp but the most bizarre feature has to be the half glassed in closure that creates a mess of water all over the floor.The front desk staff seems inexperienced and the concierge was non-existent, apparently on break both times we asked for help. Overall the location is great although the walk to shops and transportation could be inconvenient to most.	
Sep 16 2009 	unprofessional attitude	Most of hotel people were nice as written in other reviews. However, every day after making up my room, they charged me items in mini bar which I had not even touched!!! I told a girl in the hotel front, and claimed about those charges on the bills that I was not even aware of. Her attitude was so unprofessional and did not say a word of sorry or any apology. If I had used the mini bar and they had charged for wrong items, I would have been a little bit understandable. But this was completely their mistake to charge me for mini bar, and the attitude was like &quot;I am not in a position to make a decision on this matter&quot;. I would call this is a fraud. Do not stay in this hotel!!!Sam (cessnacitationx@gmail.com)	
Sep 13 2009 	Great service-clean rooms-great price	To all NY shoppers,I have been staying at the Bentley Hotel, NY several times, but last time I finally made up my mind why I would not stay anywhere else, but at the Bentley. I had a small situation, where maid misplaced small shopping bag from Sephora. Management and folks and the desk, including General Manager, went above and beyond to take care of the issue. I am grateful for this. There are many good Hotels, probably 5 stars or so, and i stayed there too. But at the Bentley you feel special, they care for your needs, upgrade if they have better rooms available, manager calls you throughout a stay and check if you satisfied. This is great Hotel, i would definitely recommend to all my friends and colleagues and will always stay at the Bentley, when in NY.	
Sep 12 2009 	Very nice but not so close to....	It was a lovely hotel, very clean and modern. Staff very nice. There is an ice machine but no ice buckets in your room - you have to either call front desk for one to be brought to your room or you can get a bag only from front desk. That is the only odd thing I can say about the hotel and I felt a bit demanding asking for an ice bucket being brought to my room so I went the other option, lol.The location is lovely right on the river and we had fantstic views but it was not close that close to `touristy`things but it is still all walkable.Another tip - if you are parking pay at the hotel when chcking out - it is a lot cheaper then paying the car park company.	
Sep 10 2009 	Nice surprise. Would definitely stay again	Booked this place use credit card points, so were expecting a bit of a dive - but was a great hotel. Nice rooms and would definitely consider staying here again. Was also relatively quiet, expecially considering it's location at the bridge entry/exit.Stayed with an infant and plenty of room for our travel cot etc.Slight downside is the the staff seemed a little slow. 4 deep queue to check out and 20-30 minute wait for someon to come and collect our bags.	
Sep 8 2009 	Fantastic Bedrooms	I stayed in the Bentley for 7 nights, the staff and the rooms were great. The rooms were a great size, the beds really comfortable, incredibly clean, 7 very good nights sleep. The staff were all really helpful. Great location. A couple of good bars and sushi restaurants less than a 10 minute walk away. The only negative, do not bother with the rooftop bar, dreary atmosphere and the worst cocktails in New York, don't let this put you off the hotel.	
Aug 31 2009 	Excellent value	We live three blocks from the Bentley, which is why we chose it while our apt. underwwent repairs. We were pleasantly suprised when, upon a late check in, we were told that we had been upgraded to a jr. suite. It was wonderful- modern, spacious, and with a superb East River view. It had a plasma tv, a radio with IPod dock, bathrobes, slippers, iron and board, umbrella and an extremely confortable bed all in a modern , tasful decor. Even in a very hot Aug. spell the A/C was fine. Some might find the location a bit too far East, it is after all in a residential neighborhood, but a bus right outside on York Avenue takes you across town on 57th St, one of the city's major arteries and a a convenient connection for other buses or subways.The restaurant was very convenient for breakfast and if not there is a Starbuck's a block away as well as several restaurants. The restaurant would be my only complaint as it was dated. However, it closed for two days during our stay for renovations. I've been meaning to take a walk there to see how it turned out. I am curious becaue it could be an incredible place with its beautiful views all around, a great place for a glass of wine.Minor minor complaint is the lighting in the trendy hallways is a bit too low.	
Aug 28 2009 	Good option in Upper East Side	I was pleasantly surprised at this hotel, especially after reading some of the reviews on this site. The room was nicely decorated and overall a great stay. The satellite TV worked in my room, and I'm glad for it because I woke up with a cold one morning and had to stay in for awhile. Some things that kinda bugged me: the AC is loud, there's almost no way to keep the bathroom floor dry when you take a shower because of the shower wall setup and the elevators are indeed SLOW. But, the neighborhood is quiet, on the lower end of the upper east side, and is a nice walk to the subway station (I prefer to walk/take the train in NYC, you see so many interesting things). You can tell that this was an older building that was remodeled, but that didn't bother me too much. Plus, I got a killer nightly rate because it was on the exact opposite side of Manhattan from the 4th of July fireworks. If you're looking to stay in the upper east side area, I would recommend this hotel.	
Aug 23 2009 	perfect place	After a long delay from washington to new york due to a flight with thunderstorms at one o'clock pm we called Bentley hotel in Manhattan.Friendly professional,clean as always are money well spent.I consider this hotel a must for everyone who wants a quite place not so far away from lexington ave very confortable.45$ from JFK yello cabits good to be back in the new york groove.and bentley is the perfect place.BAD AND REALLY BAD U HAVE TO PAY FOR INTERNET IN ROOMWHEN ALL AROUND IN THE STREET THERES A FREE LAN!!!!!BAD TOO BAD TO PAY 7$ FOR ONE LITRE OF STILL WATER.	
Aug 15 2009	Very nice hotel for good price	My 11 year old granddaughter and I just returned from a 2 night stay at the Bentley Hotel and we were so pleasantly surprised. I booked this reservation on the computer and got a very inexpensive rate for the night. I'd already booked the room and was into the Cancellation Period when I read som of the reviews and was concerned. On check in, Jennifer greeted us at the desk and she was incredibly nice and helpful. I asked about an Upgrade and was immediately given one to a lovely corner Junior Suite on the 18th floor. The room was clean, nicely furnished and had lovely views. The air conditioning was rather noisy,but it did drown out some of the street noises. Others have mentioned about the shower having an unmovable glass door that only extends half way and this is a problem as the floor does get wet. That evening we went upstairs to the restaurant on the top floor and had a delicious snack with nice views. As we didn't expect to stay in the hotel for 2 nights,we checked out in the morning. Later in the day, I learned that we would need to stay in NYC another night and I called the hotel to see if they could acccommodate us for another night. They connected me to a &quot;reservation line&quot; and I was informed that the price of the room was substantially higher. I explained that I was there due to a family member being in Hospital for Special Surgery and they then offered a 10% discount. It was still substantially higher than the right before,but when we returned to check in again, we were Upgraded to a &quot;Deluxe Suite&quot; with 2 rooms which was very nice. The hotel was quiet, very clean and well maintained with comfortable beds. The employees were very polite and friendly and offered us information on sightseeing . For us, the location was excellent and I would recommend the hotel in the future if I needed to be in that area.	
Aug 12 2009 	Great deal for the price we paid!!!!	Overall, the Bentley Hotel was great considering what we paid! I broke it down to the pros and cons.The pros:- They automatically upgraded us to two double beds so we slept very comfortably and the room was pretty spacious, plenty of space for our luggages- Great service- Location was ok, it was still quite a walk away from the subway stations and not quite central, but we felt pretty safe walking in the area at night- Clean bedsheets and towels- Comes with a safe in the room (at least in our room)The cons:- Lacked alot of ammenities, the most troublesome was no water or coffee maker so we had to go to the nearest convenience store to buy water- Be prepared to bring ear plugs if you are a light sleeper...I could hear the cars honking constantly at night!- The shower was weird!! The glass covering only covers half the shower so water splattered everywhere. We made a puddle everytime! - No free internet or wifi access and their prices were quite hefty- No free local or long distance calling (very exorbant pricing!) It's best to buy a long distance calling card for a cellphoneI would definitely consider staying at the Bentley again if we find a great deal again! Though the lack of amenities was a little frustrating. But overall, we enjoyed our stay!	
Aug 5 2009 	Wonderful	I loved the hotel , the location is great , the staff very friendly and helpful , the price not too high for Manhattan , I will repeat next time I go to NYC	
Aug 5 2009 	Money well spent	This is a fantastic hotel. Its in a really good area. The staff are really friendly and helpful. When i arrived they upgraded me which was so lovely of them. I had the best view from my room. The room was very clean and comfortable. Value for your money.	
Aug 3 2009 	Very Pleasant Surprise	We had booked this hotel as part of a package and didn't look at the reviews until after booking, we almost changed hotels. We didn't and are very glad we took our chances. The staff was extremely friendy and obliging. Only possible negative comment it is a long walk to get to the major shopping areas but the neighbourhoods are well worth it. No coffee maker in the room, but the bed was so comfortable and the room was big in comparison to the last hotel I stayed at in NYC. Great little diner just a short walk away for early morning breakfast.My advise, stay there it is well worth it!	
Aug 1 2009 	Good hotel - but watch what they do wih your credit/debit card details!	To begin at the beginning: two days after the hotel took our card details, we tried to use our card in the city and it was refused. When we rang card services they told us the refusal was because the account was virtually empty. They asked us whether we recognized 2 amounts charged to the card the previous day: $US 753.26 and $US 762.22. We told them no, and they said they would cancel the card immediately, issue new ones, and investigate what we thought were fraudulent transactions.Only when we told the front desk about the situation on the morning of our departure did it become clear that it was the hotel that had charged these two amounts to our card without any prior reference to us. We then agreed that what we actually owed the hotel for our stay was $US 612.22. The manager we spoke to said he would deduct $US 30 from that total because of the cost of our phone calls to the card services center in the UK. We explained that we couldn’t contact card services again until Monday, because it wasn’t staffed over the weekend. He asked us to phone them on Monday and e-mail him the details.We phoned them on that Monday, and discovered that the charges currently appearing as pending were $US 762.22, $US 612.22, $US 612, 22 (again!) and $US 582!! We were also told that as those charges were still pending, they couldn’t tell us who had placed them until the money had been taken!It left us with only $US 182.13 in that account, with our cards canceled, and we had to begin traveling again 35 minutes after placing that phone call!The hotel had by now levied a staggering $US 2,568.66 against our account for a bill that should only have become payable at checkout, and should only have amounted to that final $US 582.We e-mailed these details to the manager, and said that we thought we were entitled to some compensation for the considerable inconvenience and anxiety caused, and that we would give him until the end of the week to respond to that suggestion before posting the story on the web. It is now the end of the week, and we have received no reply from the hotel. Our latest bank statement shows that the amount of money which has been taken is now correct, and the funds that were locked in PENDING have been returned to our account. However, until we receive new cards posted to our address in Belize, the only way we can access the money is to transfer it to a different account (which we happen to have – not everybody would) which still has a functioning card attached to it.So this is a cautionary tale! The Hotel Bentley was fine in all other respects; but if you choose to stay in it, be very VERY careful about what they get up to with your credit/debit card details!	
Jul 24 2009 	Most Incredible Hotel Experience !!	This hotel was absolutely amazing. I was recommended to stay here by a friend of mine and we called and booked directly with the hotel. The person who assisted us with booking our reservation was extremely knowledgeable and gave us a great overview of the hotel and its amenities. We right away chose to book it! From the moment we arrived we were very pleasantly surprised by the hotel's ambience - great music, candlelit lobby, very friendly and welcoming staff. Next best surprise was our room, we had not expected it to be as great as it was! We were upgraded to a suite on an upper floor - it had great amenities, spectacular view of the city, huge beds, and everything was very clean with a great, chic design. Best of all, upon arrival, we found in our room a bottle of wine with a welcome card from the general manager! How sweet! We now have her business card and will definitely come back. Our stay at the hotel definetly made the trip to NYC much better, it was in a great location, close to a lot of shopping, trendy restaurants and bars, and best yet - walking distance to Central Park. We loved it!!	
Jul 24 2009 	Not quite as I expected from webinfo and reviews but I'd stay again	Was surprised upon arriving to see a gas station near the foot of the hotel. Internet was $15 a day. Closest subway station a 10-15 min. walk. Only top 1/2 of hotel has any view to the East River due to an adjacent building. Room was clean and free of odors, etc. Design and furniture were pleasantly decent. Room (Standard) was small for 2 adults, though. Staff friendly and pleasant.	
Jul 19 2009	WOW WOW WOW - Trendy Hotel With Fab Staff	This Hotel has had some poor reviews, which was the opposite to our experience. Upon arrival we were upgraded to a suite, they found out we were getting married in a few days &amp; we received champagne from the reception staff, congratulations &amp; freebies from the manager &amp; the most beautiful bouquet of fresh flowers on the day of our wedding. The suite was extremely clean &amp; spacious, very comfortable beds, lacking in storage though. Also, the lifts (3x) took a little while to arrive. The staff were amazing, could not do enough for us, or our wedding party of 10!! The bellboys were great, stored my dress until the day of the wedding &amp; generally had a laugh with us on the day of the wedding (long story...trying to keep me &amp; my h2b apart). The rooftop has some amazing views of Manhattan...The location was spot-on, the Hotel is located in a residential district so its very quiet, if you ignore the horns that go on all day long throughout NYC. It was only a few blocks from the big named streets.There was a diner &quot;Ritz Cafe&quot; 1 block away, which we frequented daily for breakfast. Taxi's/cabs are easy to come by. Tour's can be purchased from Concierge. Loved it, GREAT HOTEL!!	
Jul 5 2009 	Lovely hotel but desk staff not friendly	i thought this hotrl was great very clean and affordable okay location as it is in walking distance of goof food and drink and bloomingdales. only a couple of blocks away from 5th avenune but its a nice walk there.	
Jul 4 2009 	Nice average hotel	All of the reviews that I have read are accurate. The front desk women were not friendly. The door man was nicer than the front desk employees. One of the features of the hotel was a marble counter but, noticed that it was chipped. I loved the view from our room that really made our stay. Room was nice. Air took a while to become cool but OK. The shower is faulty. There was only a half glass door in the shower and being open made the whole floor wet!! Not cool. Size of room was very good didn't mind two beds. They charge for everything here. Minibar was outrageous, not coffee maker, damaged hairdryer. They need to better care of this hotel! I would not call this a luxury four star hotel. Location was OK if you don't mind walking. Not a good location if your looking to stay in the city. Short walk to central park, near movie theater, recommend rodney dangerfields comedy club which is down the street. Nice breakfast diner across the street as well. Taking the subway across that city is the way to go. Do not try to attempt walking from the hotel to the Guggenheim museum, it was too far!! My husband and I had a great time in the city would have to say.	
Jul 1 2009 	Great Hotel at a Bargain price!	My boyfriend and I spent a week at the Bentley Hotel at the start of June and managed to get a bargain at £71 per night.On the Southern Tip of the Upper East Side, The Bentley is located in a very safe and lovely neighbourhood and its’ position right on the river made for fantastic views. The nearest subway station was a 10 minute walk away and there is a bus stop (that takes you across town) right outside the hotel.We requested a room on a high floor (for a more peaceful nights' sleep) in advance and when we arrived, not only did we get our high floor but we were upgraded to a suite! The suite was spotless, and had everything we needed (with the exception of a few extra hangars in the wardrobe!)The staff couldn't do enough for us and everyone from the front desk to the maintenance guys were very friendly.All in all, The Bentley has everything you need for a perfect trip to NYC.	
Jun 30 2009 	Good NYC value but out of the way	Booked on Hotline, got good 4-day rate, and was pleased with comfort. Not a lot of servics, and a bit out of the way (5 blocks to subway station) but not a bad neighborhood to walk in.	
Jun 18 2009 	Wonderful Hotel	I stayed in NYC for the BEA expo at the Javits and I must say I loved the hotel very much. I would stay again.	
Jun 17 2009 	Loved the Hotel!! :)	This was my second stay and it was even better than the first. The room was clean and available early for me to check in. The room service was great, very reasonable priced for New York. The front desk was very helpful and friendly. I will definally be staying here again.	
Jun 14 2009 	If you want a modern light clean hotel near the centre of town - don't stay here	The Bentley is dark, gloomy, unkempt, and has few facilities.I have thrown out better furniture than they have in the hotel. The bathroom was good, and the beds were clean, but oh dear, the rest of the room and the hotel are awful. When we arrived after a tiresome journey our room eas not available, and when I asked were I could get a cup of coffee, I was shocked to find that the hotel couldn't provide it. I was merely told to go next door to a filling station where there was a convenience store !The restaurant was appalling, dirty, shabby furniture, and poor food, and when buying a drink at the bar, the staff asked for a tip (yes literally asked for it).Worst of all, it's so far from the centre of town that unless you like walking for hours, taxis are always required (some taxi drivers had not even heard of the hotel and had to use street maps to find it). We just couldn't wait to get out of the place.	
Jun 10 2009 	Fantastic--highly recommended	Simple, elegant, very clean, fantastic value. Excellent service, comfortable bed, lovely linens, beautiful view of Queensboro Bridge.	
Jun 4 2009 	Good option for NYC - I would stay again	Pros: beautiful room, great views, comfortable bed (the double fit two friends comfortably), good access, clean everything, convenient to restaurants (try Luscious Thai, 1 block up on 1st ave - amazing!), starbucks, and a short walk to subway, shopping and the Roosevelt Island Tram (with a GREAT evening view of Manhattan). Cabs were convenient because it's right beside a cab refuelling station.Cons: inexperienced front desk staff, not many services/amenities from the hotel side (ie the bar fridge wasn't an actual fridge, there were no vending machines or ice), and the walk from the hotel to shopping and subway would be long in bad weather. Walking distance to: UN, subway, Central Park, 5th avenue shops, Roosevelt Island Tram. Columbia Presbyterian hospital, Museum Mile.Our stay was a bit atypical because we got the wheelchair accessible room (for me) - which was HUGE! After some paranoia on the part of my traveling companion, we were very worried about what our hotel would be like, but we were pleased to find a beautiful, clean, fashionable room with a standard Full/Double bed (no special &quot;NYC sizing&quot; here) and standard hotel room amenities. I found the front desk staff to be cheery and friendly, but a bit inexperienced. We had our keys cancelled one evening late at night and couldn't get into our room - simply because they had swiped my credit card wrong and needed to do it again. This seemed a bit of an overreaction to me. This hotel has been renovated recently so TA readers should understand that many of the older reviews may pertain to the hotel pre-reno and pre-rebranding. It now has a very mod boutique look and bright white sheets which gave us the feeling that it was clean and comfortable, and it was. Reviewers who complain about location and noise obviously never lived in a city - subway, shopping, food and sights are within a 4 block walk (small blocks). Noise - well, I think you'd have trouble finding anything quiet in NYC! We feared noise from the FDR expressway next door, but the noise was actually from the cabs at the intersection instead. My friend used earplugs to sleep, I didn't, and both of us were comfortable.	
Jun 4 2009 	Suprisingly Wonderful	I had read the reviews about the noise and the highway and all the complaints and we found nothing to complain about. We stayed in the ADA room, and found that there was only one minor issue of the closet bar being too high (traditional height). As to the noise - there are two things to consider - one it is a busy city - and the noises are all related to that - so yes there are going to be taxi's honking, sirens and the such like so if that's an issue to you then bring earplugs - as to the FDR, the noise doesn't come from there - you don't even hear that standing outside the hotel. Location - it's within walking distance to the subway and major bus routes and we walked just about everywhere - to the UN, Central Park, Metropolitan Museum, took the Rosevelt Island Tram and so on - the location while not perfectly convenient in the sense that you don't leave the hotel door and find yourself on 5th Ave or in the middle of traffic from Grand Central, was wonderful for us. We enjoyed the restaurants on that side of town at the end of the day out and then would walk back to the hotel. There is a wonderful Thai restaurant about 3 blocks from the hotel that we would have eaten at each night. As to the room itself, it was clean, well kept daily, and as a whole while there wasn't a huge channel selection on the TV that's not why you're in NYC is it?The service was adequate, they recommended a pizza place for us to order in one night and as a whole were friendly and helpful.Only suggestions would be wireless access and a more affordable option for procuring an additional fridge - we would have appreciated being able to store some less available dietary options for emergency purposes.	
May 31 2009 	Scoring "B-" for Bentley	Needed upper east side location close to Hunter College for a graduation....also had rendezvousing out-of-towners wandering in from Brooklyn so the Bentley got the nod over the Fitzpatrick, Lombardy, Kimberly, or Affinia. We were told the property is actually a converted office tower but with WORLD-HOTELS branding and a sweet spot view of the East River and Roosevelt Island at about $200 per nite.Most of the TA comments and the #165 ranking are spot-on.....you can do somewhat better in room sizes, subway access, and overall refinements, but you will likely have trade-offs in the choices. For example, we drove up with our car so off-street parking at less than a small ransome was a priority......$20 per nite was the tarriff, and albeit there is no valet and the garage is actually a private operation at the opposite end of the block, you will do no better anywhere in NYC. The rooftop bar-restaurant was more bohemian than minimalist, and lacking in the usual trendy accoutrements....but six cocktails and two beers were only $58, again a more than reasonable tarriff for the take. Our northeast corner room had great floor-to-ceiling windows but irregular soffets and wall offsets are prevalent and narrow the walking space to somba-swivel clearances around the furniture and bed. Check-in was uneventful and quick enough, but we arrived relatively late on a Wednesday nite and through the two day stay, there appeared to be no shortage of lines and problems at the desk. NOTE to Management: one clerk for 197 rooms is obviously NOT a best practice.We score the &quot;B-&quot; for Bentley primarily based on the above tainted by a substandard bathroom and notable annoyances. The 35 square foot bathroom is a disaster on every front: there is no ventilation whatsoever to the point that the wooden door has swelled and can't be closed.....and even with it open the room mists up like a sauna; the pedestal sink is so tiny the small soap dish constantly falls in the basin; the half-curtain glass in the shower does indeed keep HALF the water IN, and HALF the water OUT on the floor; and the toilet bowl protrudes in front of the doorway, which is always a pleasant site entering the room. NOTE to Management: install an exhast fan in the shower before the drywall ceiling comes down; change the swing on the bathroom door so you can hide the view; and buy a shower curtain.The rest of the annoyances are correctible but include: horrible tv reception; ridiculously slow elevators; problematic room keycards-- the sole maintenance guy was running all over the hotel letting people in their rooms which left us waiting forever to get in ours; and last but not least, noisey and unrefined guests yelling in the hallways and making prank calls. Yes this is NYC and folks tend let it all hang out here, but we expected better manners after midnite on a Thursday for upper east side visitors.Bottom-line: if you don't have to park a car and are not targeting a specific spot on the upper east side, there are better choices for comparable dollars, especially if you are coming in with luggage-- the Lexington Ave subway is a 6 block walk....TIP: use 61st St as there are some really cool household furnishings stores. Otherwise for more than a couple nights consider the Affina or Kimberly.....or for extended stays, there are many vacation rental properties in the area that are a better value.	
May 17 2009 	a mixed experience	Contrary to previous reviews, the staff was very friendly and helpful. The room was clean and there was little noise from outside. The bed was comfortable. On the down side, the Hotel is out of the way. I had to go crosstown a lot, and the crosstown bus was slower than walking. The other negative was the air conditioner, which was extremely loud; however, when I turned it off, the room became unbearably stuffy. The internet, at $15, was outrageously priced No fitness center, but they have a deal where you can go to a nearby club for $10. The Hotel is practically in the East River, but there are still restaurants and stores within a few blocks.	
May 14 2009 	The concierge location is lacking....	Nice clean hotel, but the location is lacking. Too close to the hwy and too far removed from everything. David, the concierge, is rude and not helpful. I called him to get suggestions for dinner and he barked at me and said he was very busy. Sorry for bothering you. If you don't like your job you should go work somewhere else.	
May 11 2009 	Nice Place Great Value	I was in NYC for one night to see Van Morrison at MSG. I didn't feel like like breaking the bank on a hotel, and the Bentley was an inexpensive choice. The room was very clean and pretty stylish in a sort of faux modern-Asian way, and the bed was incredibly comfy. The hotel is just slightly out of the way, but certainly still reasonably close enough to many attractions. My only complaint would be that the tv did not seem to work properly, but who wants to watch tv when you're in New York anyway!	
May 10 2009 	Clean pleasant quality hotel.	This is a good hotel! Very clean room, pleasant and helpful staff, comfortable room, great bed. Shower had terrific water pressure. Two cross-town buses stop right by the hotel. I would stay there again.	
May 3 2009 	Very Nice Hotel	We were sent to the Bentley when our room at the Wellington was unavailable. It was a much nicer place and the room was superb. Best I have stayed at in NYC.	
Apr 29 2009 	Great Spot Any complaints posted obviously have not stayed in NYC before	My hubby and I stayed at the Bentley for three nights. We did not get upgraded to a suite but did get a room on the top floor below the restaurant. The room was very clean and so was the bathroom (although they could use a good dusting in the corners). The bathroom was stocked with shampoo, lotion etc and also a good working hair dryer was supplied. There was lots of hot water but the water pressure was a bit poor (we were very high up though). The tv is a plasma/lcd but some of the channels were not great for reception, no big deal for us. We ordered a movie one night for 12 bucks. The restaurant has a wonderful view but the menu didn't appeal to us so we didn't eat there. Front desk crew were great to us including calling us right after check in to make sure we were happy with our room. Parking was 20 bucks a night and remarkable to have parking onsite in NYC!. We were thrilled. No issues. The hotel is in a very safe part of NYC and we walked at night with little worry. The hotel is about five blocks from the closest subway (59th and Lexington) so a bit of a walk but that is what you do in NYC!. We walked to Rockerfeller Center and it took less than 30 minutes. One restaurant that we HAVE to mention is Espresso's Caffe at 1135 1st Avenue www.expressoscaffe.com. You MUST go there. It is only one block from the hotel and Francesca and her staff will serve you the most amazing pasta and bread. The prices are so amazing and portion sizes are overwhelming. We ate there two nights and brought it back to the hotel which they packed with plates, cutlery, parm cheese etc. They spoiled us rotten and they will be our first visit in our future trips to NYC. (Francesca if you read this, keep up the fight with cancer we plan on seeing you NEXT year!) Make sure you get the garlic bread...a full loaf of the most amazing crusty italian bread with moist middle. Yummy.All in all the Bentley is wonderful and we would stay again. We paid 138 CDN a night and lucked out for sure. I have stayed at other hotels in Manhattan and we paid more and got much less.	
Apr 23 2009 	Good hotel but keep an eye on the front desk clerks	Just got back from NY - went to a game at the new Yankee Stadium and stayed overnight at the Bentley on 62nd Street. Really, this is a pretty ok hotel, not four star but relatively clean and comfortable and reasonably priced for a NYC hotel. It has that European feel to it - moderately dingy in an old school charming sort of way. Location is ok - a little off the beaten path. Decent neighborhood (Upper East Side is nice, what else can you say?) but the hotel is a fair walk away from the nearest subway. The only complaint I have is that the clerks at the desk were all young and a little condescending, and not in a good way. At one point I got on the elevator in the lobby and there was a yellow cone in front of the elevator door that said &quot;wet floor.&quot; I got on and pushed the button for my floor and waited and stood and waited and nothing happened. After awhile I gave up and stepped back out in the lobby and the terrifically professional clerks behind the front desk were laughing and one of them called out to us that we were on the service elevator. Ha, ha, laugh it up Chuckles. Could have told me, no? Oh that would have required a hint of customer service. To top it off I got a notification this morning that my credit card - the one I used at the hotel (which was the only time I used it in NY) was being cancelled and replaced because it had been &quot;compromised&quot; by &quot;fraudulent activity.&quot; Gee, I wonder how that happened? Anyway I would recommend the hotel to you, just keep an eye on the children behind the desk. And whatever you do, unless you just happen to be into humiliation, don't get on the service elevator.	
Apr 8 2009 	Tries to be a luxury hotel - but fails miserably!	I travel a lot for work (mainly to the east coast) and have experience with nicer hotels, this hotel does not come close to a &quot;nice&quot; hotel. The hotel rooms are small (as expected for new york), however, we had a suite - and it was still small with too much furniture that made it hard to walk through the rooms. There was a door to the bedroom that could be closed, however, the handle was missing from the inside, so if the door was closed, there was no way to open it up. There was a sofa bed that had large holes in the outside of the sofa - very visible, this place was old and run down.I called to ask how to increase the heat and they had maintenance come up to do it when all I wanted to know was how to do it - so I had to wait for them to show up. I had to call and ask how to set the code for the safe, and after quite some time on hold I was told maintenance would be by with instructions, we waited for a long time for them to show up, and when we were ready to give up, we noticed they put the instructions under the door without knocking to let us know. We ordered room service twice, once was a &quot;dinner&quot; we both had chicken, it came with veggies and potatoes and was very bland and not worth what they charged for it, another time we ordered appetizers - they were reheated and most likely frozen food, not hand made. They do not do room service for breakfast, and then it was only a continental buffet. It was hard to get a taxi, and then it was 10 - 15 dollars each time to get to down town (Time Square area). All-in-all this is not a great hotel and I would not stay here again.	
Mar 26 2009 	Nice Place	I have stayed at the Bentley a handful of times for business but I also combine it with a few days of leisure here and there. I really like the location for business meetings. I love walking one block and having several great places to eat all in a row. The bar upstairs has beautiful views and is a great place to hang out. The rooms are boutique like and modern. When I visit NY to see Broadway shows, I recomend Times Square but this is a great location in the Upper East Side. People have give the Bentley mixed reviews but I have only had positive experiences and would recommend it.	
Mar 18 2009 	Good Hotel - Good Location	Just stayed at the Bentley. Good, clean hotel. Rooms are nice but the walls are thin! Nice neighbourhood. Supermarket, shops within a short walking distance. Bus stop accros the road. Street noise levels at night not as bad as on the West Side. I'll be back.	
Mar 18 2009 	Good value 	So with my shear luck, the hotel Moderne that we had our original reservation with suffered water damage the night before. I called to inquire about the parking lot but they claimed to have tried to notify me about this even though I had zero missed calls. In any event, we were upgraded to one of there other hotels, thus leaving us with a junior suite at the Bentley. The location was great, midtown east right by the FDR. Walking distance to shopping, movie theaters and restaurants. The room was quite nice, although tight with &quot;suite&quot; in the title. Very comfortable bed, great view, big flatscreen, tiny closet and an upscale, spa-like bathroom. This was the first time I've ever been in a shower with no door or curtains. Scary at first but not that bad overall. I looked up the rates after our stay there and I would say that they are quite reasonable for the city. There was a rooftop restaurant with an outdoor area. There was construction for the outdoor area but I'm sure it would a beautiful place to hang out with a couple of drinks.	
Mar 12 2009 	Great Place!	IT was Great ! My Husband and I Stayed there for 6 days, the room was not too big but great for us. The only thing was that we coundnt order any movies , they were having problems with that. On the top floor there is a great restaurant, and THE VIEW is wonderful. The service was great, they were friendly and helpful. Would stay again .	
Mar 10 2009 	Pretty ok stay	My partner and I stayed at the Bentley Hotel for Valentine's. It seemed like we were walking forever to get to the hotel form the train. Once we got to the hotel, it was pretty ok. Our room had a nice view and we had a good time. The only problem I had with my stay was the heat that was being generated to our room. It was terrible. We placed the heat knob to the highest it could go and was freezing out butts off, we had to stay wrapped up under the covers all night. Other than that, I would say it was an ok stay.	
Mar 4 2009 	clean ans spacious	we stayed at the hotel bentley, feb 14 - 21 first time in N Y, nice clean hotel, good views,towels changed daily, a bit further out, but that is reflected in what you have paid per night, easy walking distance to central park, then we enjoyed the hop on/off tour bus, so distance, wasnt a problem, staff were always polite, the only problem we had with the room, was one of the heaters, it was too hot, turned it off easily enough, all in all we have a great time at the bentley, and would stay there again, we did look to tripadvisor, for advice, before we went, and reviews were mixed, but we were more than happy with our stay,	
Mar 4 2009	Surprisingly good boutique hotel- Upper East Side	We stayed at The Bentley, E. 62nd and York, last weekend. This is a little undiscovered gem and very reasonable rates. Maybe it's the location, but it was perfect for us. Nice room, linens, view. Very serene environment, simple modern look, pleasant desk and door staff. Our only complaint was that they charge extra for internet ... otherwise, a great place to stay, for either work or pleasure.	
Mar 2 2009 	Great value - small issues	We stayed at the Bentley this past weekend for 2 nights. Overall, it was great value ($100 per night, plus taxes and fees = $234), which made up for most of the small issues we had to deal with. First, although we'd booked three weeks in advance and asked for a room on the upper floors with a view, we were put in a room on the second floor with a view on the 'charming' building across the street. The staff mumbled something about 'damage done to a number rooms' as an excuse for it. For the second night, we were then promised a room on the upper floors (the hotel has some 20 floors) as well as an upgrade. Well, when we came back the next evening, we discovered that we were in an identical room on the 6th floor. No upgrade whatsoever, but the room had some problems with its heaters. It wasn't a big deal, but somewhat annoying. I guess you can expect only so much for a hundred bucks...On the positive side: the rooms were spacious and clean. The bed was very comfortable, the bathroom clean and large enough, with a great, hot shower. Also, we had a glass of wine at the bar on the 21st floor in the evening (great view) for $7.50, not bad at all for NYC. Some people complained about the location and that it was too far out (from what?). Well, I guess that depends on what you call far and what your preferred mode of transportation is. We enjoyed the 30 min walk through the city from Times Square as well as the 15 to 20 min from the 'hot spots' on Fifth Ave. The south entrance of Central Park is also within 15 min and we took a great walk in the sun over there on Saturday morning.	
Feb 28 2009 	A great hotel room to show off to friends but definitely not a home away from home place to stay for more than one night.	It was my first time in New York and I picked the Bentley Hotel because it wasn't too old and the price for a &quot;4-star&quot; ranked hotel at the time was a good deal ($160USA) compared to the other hotels I had looked into (I booked only a few days out on hotels.com). I had read some bad reviews so I was prepared for anything.LIKED: - It was close to La Guardia airport, taxi to the hotel cost ($22USD) - a great alternative to flying into JFK airport which I think I read somewhere which would have cost $45USD by taxi.- Close to where New Yorkers lived, the location was surrounded by residential buildings so you don't feel like living in a tourist zone- Modern furnishing, clean bedsheets, clean bathroom- Great solid and comfy queen sized bed - Large windows (though curtains need to come down at night otherwise people living in the opposite facing apartment can see you but it is a fair distant apart) there were views of the bridge in the far left window from my level - think it was the 6th floor but nothing really to rave aboutDISLIKE:- No luggage assistant when I arrived, had to manage with heavy backpack and maneuvering through the door myself - Staff appeared more alive with other front desk staff than me checking in- The heater did not work well to heat up the room and there wasn't additional blankets to use so you do wake up in the night feeling a bit cold- The ipod dock did not work- The bathroom set up appeared to resemble a disabled person bathroom - the toilet had a very high seat and no lid, there was a chair in the shower, the basin had large handles to turn tap on and off, there was no where to put your tooth brush or toiletry bag or hang up clothes while you shower (remember no toilet seat) - there was a towel rack but water from the shower head could reach the rack, the shower curtain hooks also kept falling off when you move it to get in and out of the shower- Water from the tap was either super hot or cold, there was not way to adjust it to &quot;warm&quot; which reduced my shower time - You must pay for the internet, pay tv channels and snacks even if you move them from the box - apparently they have some sensor system that if you move an item for more than 30 seconds it gets charged to your room - I didn't test it out fearing I would be charged- No space in the mini bar for personal snacks it also had some special sensor system if items were removed - No kettle for making tea or cups to do so - Great sleep but woken up at 6am by the sound of police whistles directing morning traffic and attempted to get back to sleep but noise continues until 10am - Noisy / loud talking guest next door but this is obviously case by caseMOST UNHAPPY ABOUT:Arriving back after a long day to find that the cleaner had not closed my door properly after cleaning / or room had been broken into (not sure really) since I don't trust anyone and lock up all my personal belongings when I go out to minimize my chance of having anything stolen. I did complain to the front desk but their response was to acknowledge the call and a small apology. SUMMARY:I stayed for 4 nights, walking to get to the main avenues was okay since I was a tourist but would probably recommend to first time tourist to stay somewhere closer to the action if they don't enjoy walking. Overall it is very neat, clean and modern place to stay but I am not sure whether that is enough to compensate for having simple luxuries such as having a heated room, warm shower temperature, being able to sleep in, competent cleaning staff, room in the fridge to store personal snacks, a kettle to make some tea. So I would say it wasn't fabulous or terrible but they could definitely improve on their quality of service, features for guests and bathroom design.	
Feb 26 2009 	Clean comfy mod--with good parking	We stayed at the Bentley over Valentine's day weekend, expecting it to be a madhouse. Not only was it quiet, but the hotel was basically ours: We had basically no wait for elevators, breakfast, etc. The hotel is all the way on the east side of the city, so getting places is a little tricky if you're time-crunched or don't know the city well, but there was always a cab at the cab stand, and access to the FDR makes getting down- and uptown easy.The decor is modern (not Hudson Hotel modern, but nice) and comfy. Lovely views. Fun weekend away for a couple not looking for anything overly fancy. Totally walkable to Central Park and some good brunch spots. A solid find for a great price (check Expedia).	
Feb 24 2009 	Price we got made our stay worthwhile.	We went here with an open mind as we had got such a good deal from Expedia. Other reviews were good, but we braced ourselves for a possible disaster. We were pleasantly surprised. Reception: Staff friendly and helpfullRoom: Clean. Large for NY, bed big &amp; comfy. Cracking view from 20th floor.Restaurant: Simple, but pleasant breakfast. Great 21st floor view to start the day with.Location: Just over 5 mins walk to Bloomingadales &amp; Lexington subway stn. Not much else in local area though We were greeted by very pleasant and helpful front of house staff and the reception area was fairly slick in a boutique hotel kind of way, but a little worn. We had requested a deluxe room with a view of the bridge which they had provided, but we then asked if there was one higher up. Floor 9 had a view of the bridge, but the river was obstructed by another building. We moved to the 20th floor and loved the view. (I would say aim 14 or higher) The room was clean and big enough (by New York standards) and the bed was large and comfy. The view was great and worth requesting.......just nice to look out at and watch the world go by in the morning or at night.The 21st floor restaurant is a missed oppurtunity, but I can understand why they are not pushing/spending money on it as you would not make the journey if you were not staying there. Only had breakfast there, which was a continental buffet of cereals, bagels (toast them yourself if you like), croissants, muffins, fruit, yoghurts and tea, coffee, juices etc. Could be deemed expensive at $12 each, but is a very relaxing way to start your day with a great view.Other's had commented on the location, but it was really only just over 5 minutes on foot to Bloomingdales and therefore the subway at Lexington and we would generally be taking cabs for dinner reservations anyway. But if we were being honest, there is little else in the area.Would we stay there again? Yes if the price was the same (£70 incl tax per night), but possibly not if it was full price at say £130 per night.	
Feb 23 2009 	nice trip to a great city	we love the hotel! great bed,verry clean.and nice staff!	
Feb 10 2009 	Dreary good deal	I brought my 16 and 20 y/o girls and my wife in for the week-end to see a show. The deal we got on Hotels.com was very good for NYC, and the rooms were spacious. I continue to have problems with the decorating style that seems to be favored when I go to NY: dark, minimalist, cold. The desk staff was somber (or is that just NY cool/aloof?) enough without the black outfits and matching black walls with silver accents, but entering, the whole gestalt felt more like a mortuary than a fun hotel. But I digress. After some confusion about the validity of our reservation, we were upgraded and treated well by the staff. They were helpful all the way along, getting us info about Central Park carriage rides, best place for breakfast, (not recommended by them but by us: Alice's Teacup on 64th and Lex). As I mentioned, the rooms were big by NY standards, and there were chairs and views. The rooms need some work, though. Our couch's arms were worn through almost to the stuffing, and there were rips in the cushions. The cushions on the girls' couch had big stains of the type that made you not want to sit there. We all found the beds very hard. The bar/restaurant has a good view and the drinks are reasonable (5 bucks for a Sam Adams as compared to 8 bucks in the mini-bar).I'd recommend The Ritz Diner on 62nd and First Ave. for morning coffee or a basic breakfast; good portions and decent prices. Across the street from the Ritz is a restaurant called Merchants. We had amazingly cheap dessert there ($3.50 per person!) which was terrific, and would have gone back for a dinner had we stayed another night, as the prices were incredibly reasonable. A big plus is the cheap parking: only $20./day! Unheard of in Manhattan. And, the hotel is located in a great place for driving in and out: right on the ramp to FDR North/south. While the blocks adjacent to the Bentley are not very pretty, within a few blocks there are nice stretches to walk and enjoy the neighborhood.	
Feb 9 2009 	Great Deal on Nice NYC Hotel	My husband and I went to NYC for a quick weekend in February 2009. We booked the Bentley for one night with Expedia, at $115 per night for a standard room. We checked in an Saturday and were upgraded to a suite without even asking. The room was modern and spacious, with two flat screen TVs and lots of seating. We had a corner room on the 7th floor with large windows to let in lots of sun. The bedroom had french doors leading to it and a very comfy bed. The bathroom was a little small, with almost no counter space, but it was clean and we didn't need much room. On Sunday morning, the hairdryer broke as I was finishing my hair. We called the desk and they had a new one brought up and installed within ten minutes. The staff was very nice and I would definitely stay here again. Only drawback is the location. It is a walk to the subway and far from most tourist sights. But if you don't mind walking (we don't) you should be pleased with your stay. Finally, if you go, be sure to have lunch at the Serendipity Cafe, just a few blocks from the hotel on 60th b/w 2nd and 3rd. Get the Frozen Cot Chocolate! YUM!	
Feb 2 2009 	Great stay!	I stayed at the Bentley for 10 days with my girlfriend, at room 2001 in mid january, and I was so delighted with our stay. After reading some bad reviews here I was a bit sceptical, so I called the hotel some weeks ahead and asked for a good room with view of the brigde and hudson, and we got it!Already at check-in we felt very welcome by both the doorman and the front desk. They followed us to a great room with a fantastic view as promised. The room was more then big enough for us, the bed was okey and a plus for the flat-screen. The only drawback was the bathroom, with a toilet who didnt flush all the time (and refilled water) and a problem with the hot water in the shower, but you sort it out by just letting it stay on for a while. And be aware of the mini- bar, remember their 20second rule by removing items. We didnt discover before after a couple of days that the previous guest had actually eaten up the whole pringles without removing it! Smart guy! But we didnt have to pay for it thanks to the kind front desk girl . The corridors is a bit dark but thats really not a problem. A small drewback was also that the tv could offer any pay-tv sports channel for watching NFL or NHL.Yes, the hotel is a bit &quot;far away&quot; if you could say that about new york, but its only a 10dollar candrive from empire state and the area felt really safe. We walked everyday to to around Time square and started our day from there. Its a nice 20min walk. Nearby you also got a some avenues with great shopping. We had some problem the first days by finding a place to buy some fruit, candy and so on, but theres a small shop on 1 av, 200m from Bentley and theres a big supermarket under the brigde on the same avenue as the hotel. You also find a small and expensive internet cafe on 3rd ave. But MOST important, on 1th ave youll find RITZ, prob the best diner on manhatten! Its a classic american diner, open 24hours, serving gigantic portions of food! The service is above everything, the food is lovely and its so cheap! 20 dollars for 2 persons.Talking about food, if your in CHINATOWN, find Big Wong. It prob got the best soup in the world, but watch out, this place gets really crowdy! Forget it in the weekends. If you want cheap hockey tickets, go to the official page for the club and buy them on &quot;ticket exchange&quot;, but if your going to an islandrs match, be prepared for a long and expensive journey. The train from Pen station takes 1 hour till your stop and from there its an 10min taxitrip. (get a real taxi, not one of the pirates outside the train station, we paid 20dollars! and remember if you buy return for the train, get to the right station, we took another taxi to the wrong station because he said it was the right one). When your leaving the match its impossible to find a taxi, walk to the hotel nearby, they will get you a taxi!But, I really recommend Bentley, we will come back in the summer!PS! new york in January is extremly cold, we had down to -14 degrees, it kinda set a big drawback for everything!	
Jan 28 2009 	Best NYC experience	What a stay - They accommodatedmy girlfriend and I on a Saturday evening and treated us like royalty from start to finish. Joking with her on the way in that I upgraded the room, sure enough when I stepped up to the polite conceirge they beat me to it... giving me a complimentary suite. We walked into the zebra printed room and it had &quot;Boutique&quot; written all over it... it made our stay there that much more special. If you want to impress without damaging your wallet, the Bentley Hotel will make you feel like your driving one... and don't worry, you won't even need to open your own door.	
Jan 28 2009	Nice Alternative	Bentley is out of the way on the Upper East Side. It is a 4-5 block walk to main avenues but the neighborhood is very nice. The 1st room I got reaked of smoke (It was labeled 'non-smoking') The desk clerk immediatley apologised and upgraded me to a suite. Beautiful views of the east river, 59th St bridge, the Roosevelt Island cable car and the island itself. Didn't eat there but had drinks on the rooftop bar. Very impressive and not all at expensive. We always stay downtown but could not get a room for the whole trip. The Bentley was a fine alternative. Spend the extra $20 for the suite or ask for an upgrade. Bigger room, great views! The staff were all helpful and friendly. There is traffic noise but hey, you're in The Big Apple....Fuggetaboutit!	
Jan 24 2009 	What a stylish hotel!	it was me and my husbands anniversary and I always pre-plan my vacation and I try to make sure i get the best rate available. When i called the hotel to make a reservation they informed me that if we did it through there official website we would be upgraded to one of their suites. So i did just that skeptical that it wouldn't be available and sure enough i got the suite. It was a very beautiful room i was amazed by the size and the hospitality that everyone had. The front desk was amazing they treated me and my husband with respect. The room service was quick and great. The housekeepers did a great job cleaning our room every day. i would absolutely recommend booking rooms through the hotels website. [-].	
Jan 21 2009 	Loved the hotel!!!!!!	My husband and I checked into the hotel January 9th for a weekend away. What a great place! The rooms were clean, the staff friendly and the restaurant served a great meal. The rooms are cheap for New York City also.	
Jan 21 2009 	Bad aftertaste from the Bentley	On the 26th December my family and I checked into the Bentley Hotel (part of the Amsterdam Hospitality Group of Hotels), 500 East 62nd Street, NYC. My family consists of a 58 year old Computer Consultant, my wife, a 51 year old School Teacher, my daughter, a 22 Year Old Sabbatical University President, and my son, a 13 year old schoolchild. We had flown from our home in the United Kingdom for a short break in New York. It’s not the first time that we have been in New York, nor the first time that we have been in the United States, in fact we have travelled extensively for both business and pleasure to the United Sates and many other locations around the World. It was a memorable stay for many good and one really bad reason. The really bad reason was because we chose, yes chose, to stay at the Bentley.When we checked in we were given two rooms, one which was suitable for my wife and me and one which was not suitable for my son and daughter, because it only contained one bed. Reception advised us that we could convert the sofa in our room to a bed and that they would move my children the very next morning. Reception were as good as their word, the next morning they moved my children to a twin bedded room. Unfortunately it smelt of tobacco smoke. I went down to reception and advised them of the smell because I did not want to be charged the advertised penalty of $250 for having the room cleaned following our departure. Although the room smelt, I told them that it was not a major issue and there was no need to move again for which the Receptionist thanked me for my understanding.We had a wonderful time in New York , we engaged in some sightseeing, some retail therapy and ate and drank well, we even Ice Skated in central park, which was truly magical. As usual the people were warm, friendly and very helpful, in fact everything that we have come to expect and have experienced on all of our other trips to the United States.We returned to the United Kingdom on 30th December after having settled our hotel bill.On the 13th January I received my December Mastercard statement which contained a charge from the Bentley Hotel for $250. Once my wife had scraped me down from the ceiling, me having assumed that the charge was for cleaning the room that my children had occupied and that somehow Reception had forgotten the discussion that I’d had with regarding the smell of tobacco smoke, I decided to pursue the matter. Incidentally, at this stage I should point out that neither my wife, nor my daughter nor my son have ever smoked, and whilst I was once a social leper I renounced tobacco some 15 years ago and have not smoked since.I immediately phoned my credit card issuer and after a discussion initiated a dispute procedure that is being pursued up by their Fraud Department as the transaction was conducted without either my, approval, knowledge or presence. I then phoned the Bentley, at premium day time international rates and attempted to have a conversation regarding the charge. First I spoke to the receptionist who put me on hold for 5 – 10 minutes whilst she attempted to get hold of the Front Desk Manager. Eventually she took my number and promised that she would get the Front Desk Manager to call me. No one called, so I sent a detailed e-mail, however, just like the call, no one replied to my e-mail. So the following morning I sent a detailed fax incorporating the content of the previous days e-mail.After many hours, the Font Desk Manager eventually phoned, unfortunately I was out at the time so my wife took the call. Apparently, the charge had nothing to do with room cleaning, it was for the disappearance of a Radio Alarm Clock complete with iDOCK from the room that my children had occupied. The fact that the item was missing had been reported by Hotel Housekeeping, incidentally the same Hotel Housekeeping that had allowed a room that smelled strongly of tobacco smoke to be occupied by non-smoking guests.A first discussion with the Front Desk Manager and a subsequent conversation with the Hotel Manager revealed an implicit accusation of theft of the Radio Alarm by me or one of my party. In fact the Hotel Manager vigorously defended her action in charging my card because I had supposedly signed a waiver that allowed her to charge me should anything be found to be missing from the rooms occupied by my party. So by default we were guilty of theft. When I pointed out to her that it was highly unlikely that I or, any member of my party would have stolen a $50 piece of tat that was unlikely to function in the UK because of different power supply and plug standards, or run the risk of arrest at the airport, she said that the matter had been resolved as they had refunded the $250 dollars. I made it quite clear that whilst they may have made a refund the unfounded accusations of theft were very far from resolved. In the same conversation there was no contrition, nor any mention of any recompense, for the wrongful accusation, the trouble, the trauma, the cost of international call and fax, all that I received form the Hotel Manager by way of apology or recompense was “I’m sorry that you are so bitter about this incident, but we have refunded the charge. Have a nice day!”I’m sure that it won’t come as a surprise to most sane people, but here in the UK people are assumed to be innocent until proven to be guilty. If I was guilty as charged then the Hotel probably did have the right to charge my card. However, as there is no guilt on my part or my family’s they acted unlawfully in charging my card without any authority whatsoever. They didn’t even have the decency to try and contact me before they took my money.Am I mad? You bet I’m mad. Am I going to try and do something about it? You bet I am. Firstly, I tried to have an e-mail dialogue with the Managing Director of the Amsterdam Hospitality Chain, one Nejib Ayed, but although he has opened / read my e-mails he has not afforded me the courtesy of a reply. I’m also discussing the matter with my legal advisor as we speak, so depending on when you read this things may have moved on. Now what advice would I give anyone who is contemplating staying in the Bentley? At least ensure that you make a detailed inventory of the room contents before you sign anything and get Housekeeping Services and Reception to countersign it. Scrutinise the detail of anything that you do sign before you sign it just in case you unwittingly give licence to the Hotel make charges against your credit card. And bye the bye the walls are paper thin, so you hear everything from neighbouring rooms and, eat out because the food in the restaurant is not good value when contrasted with the quality and value for money offered in all manner of local restaurants.. Based on my experience of the Bentley, how likely do you think I would stay in or recommend one of the Amsterdam Hospitality Group Hotels?Will we travel in the United States again? Of course we will because excluding the above episode time spent in the US is full of really great family memories .PS Although I was promised a full refund, their repayment has left me even further out of pocket which I will add to the bill for compensation for the false accusation, the hurt, the cost of calls and faxes and the inconvenience.	
Jan 18 2009 	Clean comfortable close to where I needed to be.	I booked this hotel for its location. However, if I had been visiting NYC for leisure, I probably would not have stayed here as it is about 1.4 miles from midtown. The lobby looked very contemporary with very young looking staff. They weren't impolite in any way, just had that sort of glazed blasé that seems to affect everyone in their early 20s. The elevators worked. They weren't the speediest, but I've taken slower and scarier. My first room smelled like smoke. Because I was afraid my suit would smell like stale smoke, I called the front desk regarding the smell. They said another room was not currently available, but they would be happy to send someone up to spray the room to see if that helped. About 10-15 minutes later, a young man came and sprayed my room. He seemed confused about the smokiness, telling me adamantly that this was a non-smoking floor. Eventually, he admitted that it didn't seem to be helping, and he said he would go and try to find a different spray, but if he couldn't, call the front desk and tell them the spraying didn't help. He disappeared, and I feared that it would be the last I would ever see of him. 10 minutes later, he arrived with a new room key. He offered to help me move, however, I didn't even bother unpacking, and I only had one suitcase. From the prior reviewers, I feared that I would be placed above the gas station, or placed into a closet space for voicing my discontent, however, I was moved from the 12th to the 15th floor, with about the same size room, with a view of the Brooklyn Bridge and the river (with no smoky smell).I was really fascinated by the &quot;minibar&quot; situation, stating that nothing could be moved for over 20 seconds or the room would be automatically charged, but now I could definitely see how a previous poster was charged to brush his teeth. The TV was very nice, however, it was on the desk, which left minimal work space. Some of furniture was very &quot;vintage&quot; looking, but overall very comfortable to lounge on. I didn't really mind the heater very much, I simply turned the fan to low, and that seemed to remedy the noisiness of the fan. There was a lovely robe to wear around, which was very comfortable and soft. The bathroom looked very recently renovated, however, the glass counter left very little room to place my things on, and I kept fearing things would fall into the toilet. The shower with the half covered glass panel baffled me as I have never seen that before. I didn't get that much splashing out of the shower, but it is possible; however, I think putting the towel bathmat does help contain the splash zone. The shower was amazing. There was fantastic water pressure, and after a long day, it felt very soothing. As far as noise goes, I could hear the occasional ambulance sirens since NYP Hospital is only 0.4 miles away, but I did not hear the overall street noise. I was afraid that because I was so close to the elevator, I would hear a lot of noise outside my room, but that also didn't seem to be a problem. I did hear occasional doors closing, but nothing that kept me from sleeping. The bed was very comfortable, and I slept soundly through the night. This is a very long post, but I wanted to address many of the things that concerned me prior to my arrival. I didn't stay here more than one day, so I cannot address the housekeeping and the seeming towel shortage. If I had to return for business in the area, I would definitely stay here again.	
Dec 29 2008 	The Bentley is good - with few improvements needed	The Bentley's location on York ave. is more convenient than I had thought - 10 minute walk from Lex/59 subway station. The hotel is very pleasantly designed, and the room we were given was essentially a small suite - beautifully decorated. Staff was pleasant and helpful, bed was ultra-comfortable, and overall it was a great stay.The minuses: (1) several things didn't work properly - room keys had to be coded 3 times with the aid of a technician to finally work, one morning there was no hot water, the elevators are horribly slow and badly programmed (one goes up while the two others are doing nothing while you're waiting at the lobby for 10 minutes for it to come down).(2) Air conditioner/heater in the room is very noisy.(3) The windows, albeit beautiful, are not enough to suppress the noise from the street - and that's especially problematic on the lower floors (we were on the 6th).	
Dec 22 2008 	all elevators broken and no hot water	checked in and discovered all elevators broken for 24 hours also lack of hot water for over 24 hours. The hotel would not give us a discount!!!! beautiful hotel but basic service unavailable!!!	
Dec 21 2008	Hummm	Just returned from a weekend stay at the Berkley. This hotel has a lot to recommend - our third-floor rooms were larger than I expected, very clean, sleek and modern without being sterile, with comfortable beds and large, flat-screen tv's. The location is about a $10 cab ride to either the theater district or the Metropolitan Museum, or a very pleasant walk if time, weather and your comfort permit. HOWEVER, this hotel has MAJOR maintenace problems. Forget about using the elevators - pray for a lower level room cause you'll be using the stairs. At one point, all of the elevators were non-functioning for an entire day. Then there was the day (okay,entire morning) when the hotel had no hot water so no one could shower. Our room was cosily warm when we checked in but the heater-ac unit never worked again after I turned it off when it became too warm. The television in one of our two rooms didn't work. All of the guests that we met were either laughing about the lack of maintenance or considering law suits. Rooms don't have but could really use coffee machines since the restaurant is on the 21st floor (quite a hike up those stairs) and the nearest coffee source is 2 blocks away. I really hope that management can get the major bugs worked out because the hotel is very pleasant but could have been extremely uncomfortable on a longer stay or if we had been on a higher floor.	
Nov 25 2008 	absolutely loved theBentley Hotel!! Definetly go back again!!!	I stayed at the hotel in July 2008 and found it excellent! i travelled with 4 other girls and initially when checking in had some mix up re bookings! although was sorted quite efficiently and got an excellent room with an amazing view of Brooklyn bridge to compensate us!Rooms are VERY clean with very comfortable beds and extra clean bathrooms! The breakfast is not much to write home about although there are many diners around, we recommend the Ritz diner which is one block away from the hotel. The only down side was the location of the hotel, you have to walk around 5 blocks to get to the nearest subway station. Which was a mission in the blazing sun as we went when it was extremely hot! The staff are all great and very helpful and genuine, over all a great place to stay in NY. I would definetly go back there	
Nov 17 2008 	Bentley? More like a Ford	Stayed for three days in the Bentley over the Halloween weekend ( definately advise anyone to go at this time, the parade was something else-a million or so girls dressed up like tarts!). It's a $45 ride from JFK (fixed price for anywhere in Manhatten), and takes 20 minutes or so.The hotel is right next to the only petrol station on the Island, or so it seems, which is handy for fags/ phonecards/ snacks.The hotel itself has a very modern styled lobby with concierge, lovely doorstaff ( Sam is the Man!) who take your bags to the room (remember the dollar bills for tips). Our room was 1506, which was a twin double. It was small by US standards, but normal for us Europeans. It had a new plasma telly, nice, and wonderful power shower, and decorated in the now ubiquitous &quot;boutique&quot; style-i.e. no substance!Went up to the rooftop terrace bar during the day, a complete waste of time as it didn't open till 5pm. The views were amazing, but the room was scruffy and dirty, better off at nighttime, as the place is lit with candles, and you can't really see the faded fixtures. $40 dollars for 2 martinis though!Didn't eat in the hotel, went instead to the Ritz diner one block up, When will Americans learn that the bullet hard greasy bacon strips they have are really foul! Have the Irish breakfast instead, it was good, but refuse the potatoes-like a re-fried sunday dinner!I have been to the States on a few occasions now, and I have to say that they have a cheek berating British food, the only decent things they do are burgers (try Wendys for the Baconator, 1400 calories, but don't ask for a large coke unless you can drink half a gallon in one sitting). Went to one Italian on 59th and 2nd, a real sopranos kinda place, asked for the steak sinatra, rare. Got a fridge- cold 'blue' steak. When I asked for it to be warmed through at least, you would have thought I'd just taken a dump on ground zero! The only decent meal we had was in the Olive garden on Times Square.Opposite the Ritz diner and one block up was the baker street bar, one of the best we went into in Manhatten, it shows the premiership on the telly. One problem throughout the island was the poor quality of beer. Without a doubt I had perhaps the 10 worst pints of my life here. Every bar has Stella on draught, but all the bars serve it completely flat, with no head or bubbles. At $7 a pint it wasn't cheap either. When we said that it should be fizzy like champagne, it was like wiping my bum on the stars and stripes the looks it garnered. Irish barmen of New York (i.e. all of them)- you wouldn't drink this [-] at home, don't serve it here!Went on the helicopter tour which was brilliant but pricey, and the Empire State building tour ( pay the extra for the map and audio tour).In short, Manhatten would be great if it wasn't so bloody expensive and full of bloody Yanks. Full of fit chicks though, who all go out with the oddest looking men ever (must be loaded). There are many better cities in Europe (even grotty old London beats it hands down and Barcelona destroys it), and even in the US (Chicago is cooler). P.s. don't fly with Delta-no free booze, aged trolley dollies (average age 59), horrid food, tiny seats made from cast iron, and they overbooked the return flight (they offered a free night at the hotel at JFK, business class seat and $600 dollars in flight vouchers for those who would miss the flight. I would have, but the vouchers could only be used on Delta so no thanks!)	
Nov 15 2008 	Noisy Renovations and Rude Staff	Date: 11/15/08Reviewer: Avid traveler, USVIWe've just returned from our stay in NYC and I must say I was terribly disappointed in The Bentley Hotel. Upon arrival our first assigned room(#204) had a toilet malfunction ... the minute we walked in the toilet was running. We requested a room change only to placed in a smaller room(#905) and be awakened at 8 am by pounding. This continued every am until we queried the front desk. It turns out we were placed on a floor they were renovating! Front desk personnel stated that we should have told them they were renovating!!! Shouldn't it be the other way around??? Why do you have guests staying on floors which are being renovated? So we were moved yet again(#1105) yet another small room. I called to report that we were relocated to another small room without our mini fridge for which we had to pay extra. So we were yet again relocated to another room(#1107), finally bigger and with our fridge. We thought our troubles were over only to experience a smokey smell in the bathroom at 2am. This is supposed to be a nonsmoking hotel!Finally upon checkout we were refused a copy of our complete bill. I have never had such a negative experience in my many years of travel.	
Nov 9 2008	be prepared to pay for watching TV or drinking water or using toothpaste!!!	I think this one of the bad hotels I hav visited and would not recommend to any of you.what I disliked about the place was that they charge for each and every amenity u use....even for watching TV!! ......that's awful.......I would like to pre warn you people by telling you my storyI was charged 60 extra dollars for watching movie and this was told to me when I was checking out!! NO PREWARNINGS!!So who so ever lives there be prepared to pay this kind of amount for watching TV or drinking water that kept there or using the toothpaste that they provide.My experience was horrible and wont recommend it to anyone.	
Oct 27 2008 	Hotel is four star (out of five)- service is two	The hotel itself is very nice with an excellent location and chic lobby. My room was clean, nicely appointed, comfy bed with a gorgeous view of the city and river. The doormen were very professional and friendly. They did a great job -- 4 stars for them! However I found the rough around the edges front desk staff cold and unwelcoming. They all seemed very unhappy (frowning - no smiles ! ) and not as polished as the staff of hotels I have stayed at in my travels throughout the world including many times to NYC. Just yesterday while we were checking out I witnessed a man who asked the concierge about getting a cab to the airport-- the young man at the desk, concentrating on his ipod, barley looked up and snapped &quot;ask a doorman&quot; - end of conversation back to the ipod he went. I too experienced Motel 6 behavior from the front desk staff -one word answers/responses, minimal eye contact, tension amongst the crew, etc. There is hope for the Bentley - it has a lot going for it, the front desk staff just needs to reflect the quality of the rest of the hotel.	
Oct 26 2008 	Inadequate rooms very unhelpful staff	After doing considerable research we booked a king size room which was $346 per night for two nights. Our plans changed and we tried to book an addtional night. This involved waiting for over 16 minutes to speak to a human being but we were offered a king size room for the third night at the same rate.On arrival at about 5 pm on a weekday, the desk staff were cool to say the least but we were shown up to a room on the 10th floor. The room was a good size and overlooked the 59th Street bridge and the cable car to the island. It had a nice sitting area.However as soon as we began to unpack the noise from the air conditioning unit which was a basic box was so loud that we could not converse with each other. I went into the bathroom and was not able to obtain hot water from either the basin or the bath.I called reception and the tired way that I was dealt with indicated that this was not the first time room 1001 had had these problems. I was promised a maintenance visit which was a long time in coming. By the time the man arrived we were all unpacked and wanting to go out.The maintenance man arrived and said that the only way to avoid the noise from the unit was to switch it off. As the windows did not open this was not an option, After about half an hour of work in the bathroom he obtained hot water. We were very hot and sweaty. WE had to switch the unit on again.However the noise from the ac unit was intolerable and I went down to the reception desk to suggest that it was either a room change or we would have to move hotels.A room change was offered to 1511 but absolutely no help in packing up or moving so another hour of our visit was spent repacking two large suitcases and moving them to a room the other side of the hotel wiht a very partial view of the river. This was much quieter but also much smaller so I suggested to the desk that this was a lower grade of room as it was so much smaller and perhaps the room rate should be adjusted.I based this on the hotel web site which was very specific about room sizes and room rates.The desk clerk was absolutely adamant that the room was the same size and refused a reduction.At about 7 pm hot and quite tired from the room moving; I, a woman aged 58 and smartly dressed went to the roof top bar to have a drink. There were two bar staff behind the bar talking to a couple of customers. I took a table by the window. Two other tabels were occupied by groups of business men, five on one side and four on the other.I sat and waited for the waiter to finish his conversation at the bar. After about ten minutes he approached my end of the room, to take my order I thought. Not so lucky, he offered refills to one party, went off and got them, then walked smartly past me to the otehr group and did the same for them.As I am far too large to be invisible, I then walked to the bar and odered a vodka collins, the other barman made it using his hand to transfer ice to the glass and continuing his conversation with the couple. I paid him and took my glass back to my table. I finished my drink but neither member of staff approached to offer me a refill which I had to fetch from the bar.Frankly the attitude of all the staff with the exception of the baggage boy was offhand in the extreme.Would I stay there again? No. I think my dog received a more courteous welcome at his kennels.	
Oct 20 2008 	The worst stay of my life	Booked a &quot;deluxe&quot; room for a three night business trip. On being given the wrong room the first night, they said they would move me next day, which i begrudginglu accepted. Next day came and they refused to move me - the most unhelpful and rude staff i have ever encountered, and i travel a lot, including to many other NY hotels. They were just not interested in what the customer said and would do nothing to help me. The room was very poor value for money, aside from it being the wrong one, the reception staff still leave me seething now and overall did their best to ruin my trip. There are hundreds of other great hotels in Manhattan, avoid this one at all costs.	
Oct 15 2008 	Odd set up	I had to go to NYC for a short trip, and all midtown hotels were unavailable or overpriced, so I stayed here. It's all the way east, right near the river, but the neighborhood is safe and it's not too far from the subway. The lobby and the staff looked Euro chic, so I was excited about what the room might look like. But it was strange - oddly shaped and it looked like they couldn't quite figure out how to accommodate the furniture. The king size bed was very nice, but the old-fashioned microwave and mini refrigerator were relics of some small-town motel. I had a view of the 59th Street, but I couldn't get the blinds to open all the way. And I didn't like that the shower was open. There was glass, but it wasn't a door, and it didn't slide, and no matter how carefully I tried to shower, the water did splash out of the tub and wet the floor. Not very practical.	
Oct 12 2008 	It's a fine choice for YOU!	Stayed here 10/9-12/2008. Was upgraded to a junior suite which started our trip out nicely. The room was nice and clean and the water pressure in the shower great. My only real complaint with this hotel was that there was NO hot water to shower in at 9:00 A.M. on Saturday. That and there are no fart fans in the bathrooms. I hate that.The rooftop bar free-hand pours stiffies. The view is awesome from the outdoor lanai in all directions (360 degrees). The area is totally safe at all hours. No, it's not a five star hotel. But come on, if you want that you are going to PAY! And why? This place will suit you just fine. My wife and I are upper-class people and I'm telling you this place is a good deal. The staff were all super nice and helpful. The hotel contracts with a company that provides a black Lincoln town car limo which took us back to JFK for a flat rate of $50. You can't beat that with a big stick! Next time, I will try to arrange for them to pick us up when we arrive. And yes, I will be looking to the Bentley for my accomodations.We went to Carnegie deli (split a sandwich!), Central Park (took a nice nap with my wife on the grass), to the Top of the Rock (do this!), Rockefeller plaza, St. Patrick's cathedral and then the Comic Strip Comedy Club (which truly had me in stiches but the drinks and food are extremely overpriced -- $10 Corona's, $15 Crown, $13 Nachos!).The next day we went to the SouthStreet Seaport to the TKTS booth. The line was somewhat long, but it goes pretty fast. Had lunch at J.P. Mustards which was good. Walked to Wall Street/NY Stock Exchange, Trinity Episcopal Church, WTC ground zero (very moving) and almost got into a fight with some piece of [--] selling blown-up newspaper articles espousing that our own government blew up the world trade center buildings. Thank god my wife was with me or we'd have thrown down. I was hot! Walked through Battery park (&quot;Fake Rolexville) and then took the Staten Island Ferry there and back to get up close to the Statue of Liberty (you do - And it's FREE). That night we went to see Hairspray and let me tell you it was really good! ($55.00 at TKTS day of). We ate at Gallaghers two doors down. They were good at getting us to the show on time (Prime Rib was already cooked, so no waiting:). Then on to Time Square which was PACKED! It was totally cool. Get this through your head: Nothing is cheap in NYC. We did find, however, that most meals can be split (my $43 prime rib was so big neither of us could finish our HALF). A side of mushrooms had like 40 shrooms in it, etc.All in all, I loved it. The Bentley is plenty fine. I am recommending it to you.	
Sep 22 2008 	No problems with The Bentley Hotel.	We booked this hotel on-line and then noticed mixed reviews regarding this hotel so I was a little worried that it might not be any good. No need to worry, this hotel is very pleasant.When we arrived we were offered a room on the 5th floor, I asked if we could be moved to a higher floor (we hadn't seen the room yet but were advised by a review on here to get a higher floor because of possible traffic noise, which you will find anywhere in NY) the receptionist kindly gave us the last room available which was unfortunately a twin and not a double and said that if we wanted to change our room the next evening we could but I have to say that there was no need as the room was fine. The room was on the 8th floor and was not too noisy and the view was a typical NY view of tower blocks which is what you expect in NY and besides who wants to sit in their hotel room all day and night in the city that never sleeps!The room was a good sized clean room with a minibar / fridge, plasma television, an ipod docking station / alarm clock, iron, ironing board and a safety deposit box. It also had two chairs and the two beds which were large and comfy especially after spending all day walking!The bathroom was adequate and had a bath / shower, + the usual amenities.We were given plenty of towels and each bed had 4 pillows.We decided not to eat at the hotel but instead to go to the Ritz Diner which is on the corner of East 64th and 1st street (two blocks up from the hotel) and is highly recommended for breakfast. Also try the Porto Fino bar and grill which is on  63rd street between 1st and 2nd ave and serves excellent italian food.Although we didn't eat at the hotel it is an essential that you check out the rooftop bar (which also serves food at specific times) for the amazing view of The Hudson River, Queensborough bridge and the surrounding area.Another plus for this hotel is the helpfullness of the staff, they are all very helpful, polite and friendly.Ask the concierge for assistance and he will be more than happy to help you with any questions you may have including theatre tickets, directions, checking in for on-line for flights and many other things. All in all this hotel is a very good hotel. I guess the only slight critisism I could say was that it is quite far from the centre but that wouldn't stop me from staying here again as there are plenty of cabs to use to get to where you need to go. It's also in a safe area with lots of nice restaurants nearby.I recommend this hotel.	
Sep 10 2008 	Extremely good New York hotel	Extremely good New York hotel. I've stayed at many different New York hotels and the Bentley has one of the best views ever! I stayed on the 7th floor and have incredible windows that overlooked the street, river, and Queensboro Bridge! So many N.Y. hotels look out onto a brick wall but not the Bentley. The room was also large by NY standards.The bar had incredible views of the city along with nice bartenders and good drinks while the front dest staff were nice and extremely helpful. They pointed us to a fantastic sushi restaurant a short walk from the hotel.The only drawback was that the air conditioning unit was rather loud and you were either cold or hot but nothing in the middle. For the price, location, room size, views, and staff, I would absolutely stay here again!	
Sep 9 2008 	Great Stay at the Bentley	My Husband and I stayed at the Bentley Hotel in August. We arrived around 1pm and our room was not available so the very kind and helpful reception staff locked our suitcases in a store and gave us directions to various places to get a bite to eat. Once we got our room it had two double beds which wasnt exactly what we had asked for but it was very clean and suited us fine. The conceirge and the hotel staff were all very nice, honest and helpful people and they were able to send us in the right direction for anything we were looking for. This hotel is right next to the river psat 1st Avenue so it not ideal for those seeking to be in the centre of the hustle and bustle of the city but if you dont mind walking a few blocks to the tourist things and you want to experience the real upper east side of New York City then this is the place for you.	
Sep 5 2008 	Lovely Clean Modern Hotel	Just returned from a 3 night stay at this hotel, which was fantastic!! The staff were very helpful, it was our honeymoon and they upgraded us to a suite for no extra charge. Very clean, modern hotel, about a 10 min walk from 5th Avenue and Bloomingdales. there was some building work going on opposite the hotel, could be there for some time by the look of it but we never heard any noise. We never ate at the hotel restaurant so can't comment. There is tea/coffee making facilities in reception 24 hours. Best bits: Clean, Modern decor, very helpful staffWorst Bits: None	
Sep 4 2008 	both good and bad	I could rant and rave.. but actually, it would be unfair.First night, we were woken by our air conditioning system, going BANG CLANG and then smoke started coming out and filling the room. Also, 3 days in a row the TV was not working and the mini bars (fridge) in both rooms were not working.BUT BUT BUT BUT...When the air con almost exploded, the Fire alarm sounded and the Staff were there within minutes, they moved us straight away, without any fuss. I don't believe for one second we were in any danger... and there was NO fire... (yeah I know the saying)TV not working was annoying, we got in late, and would have been nice to relax in front of it.. Again, saying that, you don't go to New York to watch TV (which is a load of crap anyway). So it wasn't a problem.Mini bars, in both rooms didn't work.... which was a shame, but given we were rarely drinking in rooms it wasn't an issue.The rooms were clean, nice touch with the safe and iron and table, the staff friendly, location wasn't bad really. Given walking out the hotel and walking straight takes you directly to Central park AND times square is walkable, equally on the same street (although a long walk) is the UN. Getting cabs are cheap, they take Credit cards, and the bus to take you the full length of the island stops just outside. It's surrounded by good places to eat.The roof terrace was a nice touch and looks spectacular at night. I will definitely stay there again.	
Sep 2 2008 	Location Location Location	Located in York and 62nd st, this hotel has a very good location, in the very nice Upper East Side. Lots of cafes, pubs, places to eat, etc near by. Nearest train station is lexington and 49th st, but it is a nice walk.Hotel is nice, coffee and continental breakfast is complementary. Rooms are nice and have an awesome view. Elevators tend to be slow, but when you do make it to the top floor, there is this very nice bar with great view. It's a must to have a drink up there...If you don't want to be bothered, be sure to have your &quot;do not disturb sign&quot; since the last day, i had 3 people knock on my door just before check out time, which was pretty anoying. Also, they gave me a room at first that was occupied with other people, so I had to wait for my room a couple of hours.Staff is very nice though. I would stay there again if there is a good price.	
Aug 28 2008 	Very friendly hotel	We satyed in this hotel for four nights while visiting New York and had a pleasant stay. The staff were very nice and helpful. The hotel had coffee facilities in the reception area and it was very clean and modern. As for the room again it was very clean and modern small but thats what you expect in New York. It had a great bar on the top floor with a lovely view and friendly bar staff. The only fault we could find with the hotel is that it was not very close to the main sight seeing places but they were only a small cab ride away. We would recomend this hotel.	
Aug 27 2008	absolutley hated this hotel	this hotel was under construction, which we were not told about when booking, rooms and bathrooms were an utter disgrace, no extractor fans in the bathrooms which meant the tiles were all covered in mildew, furniture was all scratched and broken, window sills were all cracked, no beautiful views from windows as stated, hotel restaurant was a death trap outside as there was no lighting around the outside of balcony. This was not a cheap hotel to go to as it cost me $400 per night, WOULD NEVER GO BACK	
Aug 9 2008 	A view to die for!	I value the TripAdvisor community experiences and chose to stay at this hotel partly due to those reviews. The hotel itself is very New York chic. I stayed on the 17th floor in an ensuite, with stellar views of the city skyline. It was an &quot;in-n-out&quot; business trip. I arrived late in the evening the day preceding my meeting and left early in the morning the day after. The only drawback was the area immediately adjacent to the hotel (very residential). There was a gas station on the hotel property. There was not much to do insofar as restaurants, etc. I had to order in, which was a major pain. Unfortunately, the hotel restaurant was closed due to a pre-arranged function. My suite was equipped with window benches along the entire length and I was quite content to sit and watch the skyline change as the sun went down. As far as the suite goes: housekeeping was not the greatest and the bathtub was not the cleanest. This is why I religiously pack my shower shoes! The suite was larger than most NYC apartments. I loved the modern/minimalist décor. The headboard was white woven leather and the footboard was black woven leather—loved it! Guest services were polite and courteous.	
Jul 25 2008 	Enjoyed our stay	We booked this hotel and as the date got nearer we saw some bad reviews so started to worry. Pleased to say there was nothing for us to be concerned about and we had a pleasant stay at the hotel - no bed bugs in site!!We arrived around midday and were told the room wasn't available till around 3pm. When we finally returned we were surprised to be told they had upgraded our room and were offered a much better room on the 16th floor! Room was high enough to enjoy the views and to block out any noise. Yes there is construction work nearby however we really didn't notice the noise. You can't go to NY and expect it to be totally quiet though!Rooms were spacious and fresh towels provided daily. On the one day they forgot to replace them they gave us new ones almost immediately after we rang to notify them. Bathroom size is average but suited our needs. Word of warning to all about the minibar items on the table, we made the mistake of picking up the items only to find there was a 20 sec timer, fortunately we replaced the items swiftly!The two concierges were very friendly (David &amp; David), they both had a great sense of humour and were very patient - even when we did monopolise their time! Both were very helpful and recommended a number of places for us to goto - thanks as I'm sure you will be reading this eventually ;o)!!! Receptionist staff and the doormen were again very friendly - with the exception of one of the receptionists who hasn't learnt the art of smiling yet, you'll know who we mean when you get there!!Be prepared to walk! Central Park took us just under 20 mins to walk to, most of the attractions you can walk to however it is a lengthy walk. I confess we were lazy and ended up getting a taxi most places however we did nonetheless cover a lot of ground by walking! One complaint is the lack of room service. A menu exists within the room information pack however when we rang we were told they don't provide room service. Never did find out whether this was a temporary problem, either way though I think the hotel should remove this information from the rooms. Nonetheless there are so many restaurants/bars nearby that it was fine. You must however go upstairs to the restaurant to look at the view!Would I recommend this hotel? Yes! Yes this hotel isn't the Hyatt but unless you're prepared to pay those prices don't grumble, you can't expect to pay 3* prices and receive a 5* room!!! Ours was a leisure holiday so we really didn't spend much time in the room, either way it suited our requirements. After spending a couple of nights in/near Times Square we were glad we weren't staying in one of the hotels there as the crowds and noise is unbelievable!If you're looking for a hotel that offers comfort and want to avoid the busy/noisy environment of the big name hotels then this is the hotel for you.	
Jul 16 2008 	Exceeded expectations	Stayed here with my girlfriend in June for 10 nights. Got a great deal through a hotel booking website. The hotel is nice and modern, very clean and has polite and helpful staff.The hotel is also in a great location. It's about a 20 minute walk to 5th Avenue and a couple of blocks from the nearest subway (Lexington Avenue).During our stay there we used a taxi only once, this was to get to the docks for a boat trip.We could walk to all the major attractions, although some were maybe an hours walk (Empire State Building).The concierge David was very helpful and I recommend you speak to the concierge at the start of your stay to help make the most of your time and get everything you want to do done.Our room was very nice, we were upgraded to a suite upon arrival. Great panoramic views of the local area, including the cable car opposite.One other thing we liked is that we were slightly away from the city centre where it's all go 24/7, it was nice to get a good nights sleep after a long day on our feet.Overall i would highly recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jul 14 2008 	Nice Convenient Place With A Few Minor Issues	My best friend and I stayed at the Bentley during our birthday vacation. We stayed for a week. The hotel is very unassuming from the outside. If you take a cab or shuttle from an airport to the hotel, your first thought when the vehicle pulls up is probably, &quot;Huh? We're here?&quot; The Bentley is located next to a gas station and an animal medical center. Neither of these establishments are a detriment to the atmosphere of the hotel, though.  Once inside, the lobby is bright, clean, and hip-looking. Off to one side of the lobby is a cappuccino bar. Online, the bar is featured as a 24-hour cappuccino bar, but when we went down for coffee in the middle of the afternoon, it was unattended and no coffee was available. The bar is by no means a fancy cafe; rather, it isn't much more than an espresso machine.  The staff is generally helpful with any bags you might have. Housekeeping is hit or miss. They do tidy the room every time, in addition to changing the sheets, but several times, they removed our dirty towels and didn't leave us with an entire set of clean ones. There were two of us, and at one point, we had no wash cloth and only one bath towel. One morning, we had maintenance knock on our door at least three times asking to come in and change the mirror (switched out for an identical mirror...?), and the last time, when we didn't answer quickly enough, the guy barged in and quickly apologized when he saw that we were still occupying the room. The rooms are nice, and air-conditioned. The beds are very comfortable, with ample pillows. The bathroom does not have a fan, and I believe that this led to the mildew or mold in our shower. The water did not drain from the tub quickly, so showers were taken in ankle-deep standing water. The water gets warm enough for a shower, but never truly hot.  The view from our 10th-floor room was very nice, overlooking the river and other high-rise buildings that give the place a &quot;big city&quot; feeling.  On our last day, the doorman offered to have a driver take us to the airport, which wasn't free, but it did save us a good amount of money versus taking a cab or shuttle.  In all, the Bentley is just fine if you're spending time exploring the city, and even if you want to lounge around the room a bit. We spent a good amount of time in the room, and it was enjoyable and comfortable. I might discover hotels in other parts of the city, but I wouldn't mind staying at the Bentley again.	
Jul 8 2008 	Adequate For NYC	Stayed 1st to 4th July at the Bentley. If its a plush room you are after, this is not the place for you. If you want a comfortable bed at a reasonable price for Manhattan, then it is!!For me, the reason for going to NYC was to see the sights, not the inside of a hotel room. At the end of a tiring day, I wanted a good night's sleep in a clean and comfortable environment. That I got.I still indulge in that filthy habit called smoking and had a room for this on 16th floor (smoking floor). My brother one floor up in the land of clean air on 17th. Both rooms had incedilbe views of the Queensboro Bridge, the Roosevelt Island Cable Car (remember Spiderman?) and beyond all along the East River to the Brooklyn Bridge in the distance. Great.The hotel is showing its age and the rooms do need a refit. However, the bed was really comfortable and spotlessly clean as was the entire hotel. No bed bugs to contend with!!The room itself was basic to good (though aging as mentioned), but all you need is in it, fromminibar, hairdryer, and iron to a keypad safe.The major complaint was the AC in the room, as others have mentioned. Nowhere near efficient for NYC summer temps and humidity.The Lobby was the coldest place in the entire hotel!Great rooftop bar, didn't try the restaurant after reading other reviews, but went instead to the local diners which were great value for money for breakfast. Preferred to eat lunch out while sightseeing and evening meals in Little Italy or Chinatown.. All part of the experience.Staff were great, from doorman Samuel to Francisco on the front desk, who is more than willing to play jokes on you. All part of the experience and found the place to be very friendly.Neighbourhood is quiet, regardless of what other folk here say, but I guess you need a high up room to avoid the traffic sound. 16th and 17th floors were high enough. However, NYC wouldn't be NYC without its constant buzz!!I'm going to stick my neck out here for 4 stars as I enjoyed the stay at the price I paid. It suited me and if I had paid more, I would have expected more. Didn't so didn't!! Must add, I usually 5 star or GT it when I go to hotels, but found the Bentley to be fine for what I wanted on this trip ... to be close enough to get to the sights and not pay out 5, 6 or 700 bucks a night in the process.	
Jul 8 2008 	Budget but brilliant	We have stayed at this hotel a number of times now and its perfect for exploring one of the worlds greatest cities on a modest price tag. Its clean, the staff are very friendly, we always seem to get upgraded so long as we ask and the views are great. Its clean modern and stylish-if someone else was paying, yes id choose the Hyatt Regency but as its my money this hotel suits us just fine-It amuses me when people complain about amenities, facilities and a lack things to do in a hotel in New York City...For anyone who has been fortunate enough to go there, its usually for barely a few nights and time is of the essence so a hotel is merely somewhere to finally grab some sleep, shower, change and leave all those shopping bags at the end of a long long day and night before hitting the sights early next morning!! Great hotel, great location, great views, great prices...	
Jul 6 2008 	Had a great time!	We booked this Hotel over July 4th. We had a great time! The showers were the best I have ever had in a hotel. The front desk was very helpful, and our room was upgraded which was great!The subways are a little bit of a walk from the hotel. Plently of restaurants and a movie theatre in the area. Right on top of the East River, which was beautilful. Our room had a water view.There is a roof-top bar and restaurant, also. We enjoyed ourselves and would go back again. Also got a good $$ rate on the Hotel.	
Jun 25 2008	Room nice amenities not good	I stayed at this hotel due to the close proximity (walking distance) to the NY Presbyterian hospital where I was working. The room was nice and air conditioning worked well. The restaurant was closed the first two nights for dinner but I was not notified which was more than annoying since I was tired. Room service for breakfast was not available though I believe it is listed in the hotel description. The wireless internet is not included in the price though the room price was great for NYC in the summer ($245.00). The internet was very slow. I had to take a cold shower one morning as I did not realize it takes about 15 minutes to heat up the water to a lukewarm temperature. The breakfast is expensive in the restaurant and is a continental breakfast with stale pastries. The coffee was delicious. I would recommend walking a few blocks to a diner for breakfast. I would recommend having dinner delivered if you can't go out..I did not receive my wake up call on the first night. Overall the room was clean and comfortable and large for NYC. The view was nicer than most in NYC and it is easy to catch a cab. I will stay again due to the convenience of walking to the hospital unless I locate something else within walking distance.	
Jun 23 2008 	Good value and good service	I booked this hotel on the back of some very good reviews and the fact that the price was about 30% less than the equivalent hotels in midtown. Between booking the hotel and making the trip a number of poor reviews turned up on this site and it was therefore with some trepidation that I rode from Newark to NYC.I need not have worried - we were greeted - in the middle of a thunderstorm and torrential rain - by friendly and efficient staff who gave us a complimentary upgrade to a junior suite on the 20th. floor - I had requested a room with a good view and it was exactly that. Plenty of space, clean and comortable beds, everything worked in the bathroom.We knew in advance about the off centre location but after a day of being busy tourists in New York it was actually rather relaxing to walk 10-15 minutes (downhill) back to the hotel from the subway (taxi can be used as a very reasonable alternative for two or more people) and I felt it was preferable to the noisy and (very) expensive midtown options I had considered.The location of the gas station by the hotel was so minor a feature that it took 24 hours to realise it was there. Slight niggles would be the fact that there was _some_ traffic noise (but, hey, this is Manhattan - what do you expect?), closet space was a little limited, the lifts could be slow in arriving at busy times and the air conditioning was rather noisy and not in the first flush of youth. Didn't use the restaurant so can't comment but the Ritz Diner on 1st/62nd is great for breakfast and there are plenty of good places for dinner on 1st. and 2nd. Avenue North of 63rd. Also try Alice's Teacup (64th./Lexington) for a very Lewis Carroll experience.All in all the Bentley did exactly what it said on the tin and represented excellent value for money. I would certainly stay again.	
Jun 19 2008 	disappointing	The Bentley is a classic example of an overpriced hotel which has tried to use a veneer of hip decor to camoflauge its shoddy construction and to deflect attention away from the fact that it is in desperate need of repairs and regular maintenaince. The lobby, the view of the East river from our room, the proximity to the Eastside, the friendly and helpful doormen, the fluffy towels &amp; quality toiletries, and the ample use of natural stone were all nice amenities and what one would expect from paying $300+ per night, but those were the only positive features of our stay. The lobby looks like something out of a trendy magazine, but don't let it fool you. When we checked in, the woman working the front desk took forever to check us in due to her having trouble locating our reservation/billing info. We didn't mind the wait so much, but she was just incompetent and kept us in the dark initially about what the problem was and then didn't give us any kind of indication as to what steps she was taking to rectify the situation or how long it would take. She didn't even try to look like or act like she was trying to get the problem resolved. She seriously needed to have customer service 101 training. She seemed completely clueless about how to treat customers and didn't appear to know what she was doing.It was over 85 degrees throughout our entire stay in NYC. When we got to our floor, it was like a sauna and the temperature in our room wasn't much better. The ac was on full blast the entire time we were there but barely any air came out. We complained twice to the front desk (we also complained about the inadequate outlets--see below--to no avail) and nothing was ever done to fix the ac and we weren't able to change rooms. The front desk staff never even followed up with our complaints to let us know what the status of our complaint was--they had said that they might try to get their facilities person to look into it, but we never heard anything else about it. I ended up taking several cold showers during the day because by the time I would get showered in the morning, do my make up and hair, I would get so hot from the room that I would sweat off all my make up and start pitting out and then I'd feel compelled to shower again just to cool down and to get clean again before getting dressed to go out. There were some days where it was hotter in our room than it was outside. It was miserable. Then there were the little things like our faucet handle in the bathroom being broken, the fact that all of the outlets in our room would come out of the wall if you tried to plug anything in them and if you did try to plug anything in them. . .you wouldn't get any electricity, that after using the hairdryer for a short period of time and turning it off you wouldn't be able to get it turned back on again for several minutes, the towel rack falling off the wall (for no other reason than us hanging a hand towel on it), the tiny, cramped bathroom, the lack of an operating bathroom fan, the fact that they make guests pay for internet service and even when we paid and followed all the convoluted steps to get online, it still didn't work. And then there's the stuff that just pisses you off. . .like the fact that you can't put anything in the fridge or you'll get charged--which was even more aggravating because we so desperately wanted to store cold water bottles in there because our room was so freaking hot, or that if you even jostle or pick up any of the food or beverages in the basket of mini bar items (for longer than 20 seconds) you'll get charged for the items even if you don't consume them--of course you probably won't realize you're being charged (like my husband who jokingly picked up a bottle of liquor and didn't read the fine print card, with the notice about the 20 second charge rule, buried in the basket until 21 seconds later). Oh, and did I forget to mention that you'll need to budget about 10 minutes into your schedule just to wait for the elevator once you press the elevator button? And last but not least, if you need to have the Bentley staff hold your bags for you in their storage room after you check out, make sure your luggage actually makes it into the storage room. We went to check our bags in and the staff person tagged the bags as we told him we were about to leave. He then got really distracted by another employee and guests and said he needed to take the elevator up to a different floor to deal with something else but that he'd be back to put our bags in the storage room. He assured us that we could leave to go do our sightseeing and that our bags would be fine. I was flabbergasted because our bags were parked adjacent to their front door and guests were coming in and out. There was no one there to attend to our bags other than the front desk staff who were preoccupied (and who were over 10 feet away) with helping other guests. But apparently he didn't seem to care about whether our bags got stolen or not. He was really adament that we should leave and not worry about our bags. I had to firmly tell him that we weren't leaving until the bags got put into the storage room. Then he seemed annoyed with us. All in all, it wouldn't have been so disappointing if we hadn't have had to pay so much for the room. The poor service and quality of the room would've been easier to tolerate if we were paying $70-80 per night. But for $300 a night, it was just unacceptable. My suggestion: look elsewhere.	
Jun 17 2008	Reasonable value hotel	Reasonable hotel for the price. The Concierge desk, maids and hotel porters were excellent, but we found the main desk staff to be unhelpful at times.The room was clean and tidy, as was the bathroom. The roof restaurant is small and we had to eat off of our laps at some sofas when we used it. The 3 lifts were very slow to arrive too.No coffee/tea facilities in the rooms, but there were some set out in the corner of the main lobby.Though a litter further out from the center than we would have liked, the taxi fares were reasonable and it was a nice walk to Central Park, Bloomingdales or the two Metro stations in Lexington Avenue.	
Jun 7 2008	Cheap for New York	We were booked here for a conference and I am thankful that I only had to stay for one night. The property is pretty worn, like a motel 6 that they've tried to make look like a W hotel with shoddy results. My 20th floor room looked over the Queensoboro bridge through filthy windows. The room was large and clean, but worn with some sort of 60s style refrigerator stove contraption smack in the space. The bathroom sink would not drain and there was no water pressure in the shower. Staff were not friendly nor helpful with directions. I would not stay here again.	
May 24 2008 	Poor service	We stayed at the hotel in May 08. Bathroom leaked and the water soaked the room. Our personal effects were wet.Although they changed the rooms, the hotel admin were not keen to reimburse this appropriately, and said that it was hotel policy!!I wrote to the 'operations'manager - at least I was given the email address - no response to my email!! Really poor management training or attitude!Also, too expensive for location. No internet or business centre.	
May 22 2008 	Nice but needs TLC	The rooms are large for new York, I found it very noisy and there was a few things in my room which did not work despite my reporting them.	
May 20 2008 	The Bentley exceeded our expectations - all around!	It's hard to tell what kind of experience you will have in New York City when the hotel has a mediocre website. I was not sure what to expect and was really nervous because my boss and another colleague were also booked here. Great news! We all loved it! We fell in love with the roof top bar staff and the food! Byron and Steven, the bartenders make everyone feel special and right at home. While there is a limited menu everything is fresh and cooked to order. The view is breathtaking also. The guest rooms are very comfortable, and there was no street noise (from the 9th floor). Bathrooms were larger than expected with excellent lighting and amenities. The mini-bar was stocked well and reasonably price. I especially liked the espresso machine in the lobby. The General Manager introduced himself and was a pleasure. Everyone smiles at this hotel!	
May 19 2008 	Good value	We had to get a last minute room in New York for 5 days and consider ourselves fortunate to have ended up at The Bentley. Even though it was last minute, the room rate we received was very competitive for this class hotel. Staff members were all very pleasant and the service we received was consistently above and beyond what we expected. Our 20th floor room was very clean and quiet and we had a fabulous view of the bridge and Roosevelt tram. A problem with a plugged drain was taken care of immediately and an iron with a short was replaced quickly with a functional one. On the down side, there is one ice machine between the 1st and 2nd floor for all the guests of the hotel. There are many &quot;design on a dime&quot; type decorating touches--some more successful than others. Some of the carpeting and furnishings throughout are a little worn, frayed and/or stained. The upper east side location is convenient to the bus and subway and there are several good restaurants within walking distance. We had one of our best meals at Angels (pasta) which is located next to the nearby 24 hour Ritz Diner. Overall, we consider our stay at the Bentley to be a very positive experience.	
May 15 2008	It's OK but not great	What can I say? The Bentley is OK, but certainly nothing to write home about. It is on the Upper East Side, very close to Rockefeller University, but quite a hike to downtown NY. Rooms perfectly OK, bed comfortable, though desk did not have a proper desk chair so working was not comfortable! No coffee/tea maker in room which is a pain (I think every hotel should provide this). Safe in room. Wireless internet was ridiculously expensive, and quite hard to connect to (though my PC would pick up about a dozen 'open' networks in range- would not advise you to use them though!). Lifts very slow to arrive. Drinks/ice dispenser on some floors - closest one to me was out of order! Breakfast room/bar at the top has great views, but breakfast basic and expensive. Easy to get a cab on the street outside. Plenty of bars, restaurants etc within a couple of blocks - recommend the Baker Street Pub one block away - 1st Ave at 63rd St - very friendly bar/cafe that shows live sport (including Premiership) on many screens.	
May 14 2008	Very Helpful - Perfect for my Needs	Needed a place to stay in the city while a family member had surgery at Sloan Kettering. This hotel could not have been better located, or more helpful. I booked at last minute but explained my situation and got a better rate than originally quoted. The staff was helpful as we were in town for a short stay and not East Side City people. They kknew the right places to grab a quick breakfast, and a fast dinner at a good price and great taste.Will definately reccommend this Hotel to anyone needing to be on the East Side.	
May 9 2008 	Quirky but great value	This was a one night business trip. The entire city was booked or rediculously expensive, as NYC is these days.Booked the Bently because it was one of the only hotels available. It is a little out of the way by the river on the east side, technically midtown, but not by much.The hotel lobby is quite chic and stylish. The service at the front desk was friendy and excellent. The hotel is older, so the room was not big, but it was well appointed, which brings me to the strange part of my feedback. The hotel is actually quite nice, including very well appointed beds and linens, flat screen TV, etc.. But then the two tables in the room were beat-on and scratched, like they were leftovers from the pre-redesigned decor. Then the tiny bathroom is older fixtures, but had no plug for the drain. Just strange disconnects with the rest of the experience, which was quite nice.If you consider the price, and don't mind the location, the hotel was a fantastic value.	
May 7 2008 	Not again	The Bentley is far removed from everything we wanted to do (Greenwich Village, Circle Line, restaurants) and not aging well. The furniture in the room was torn, carpets dirty and the bed was concave. No business center, not even allowed to use the Concierge's computer. Nice views of the bridge and easy to get a taxi. Bar has nice view also, but very limited menu. 2 of 3 elevators working. Dark hallways. I won't stay there again.	
Apr 23 2008 	Worth a look but read on	The hotel was good in most respects, staff were efficient and friendly, our room was good but the state of the decor was beginning to show its age - battered paintwork, gapped tiling in the bathroom etc, aircon/heating was unreliable too. The restaurant area was a big let down, the space &amp; its location in the building could be turned into something quite special instead of a random collection of chairs and tables, it lacked atmosphere &amp; character hence it was deserted most meal times, the cost of the self service buffet breakfast probably puts people off - a real shameLifts were so slow to arrive.The hotel location is fair, our room suffered badly with traffic noise from the FDR/surface roads/Roosevelt bridge, it's smack in the middle of the on/off ramps for the FDR (6 lane highway) - there was a constant drone. A fuel station is attached to the building, this didn't cause a problem as such but it did create extra traffic with obligatory horn honking for no good reason.Subway is a brisk 15 minutes walk away, 59st Lexington is the best option taking any train marked R or W will get you to the centre of it all the main activities.There are a fair number of places to eat locally, breakfast at Ritz diner served us well, $5 for scrambled eggs, bacon, smashed potatoes &amp; endless coffee was value for money with good service.Overall the hotel was good with a few problems, with hindsight I'd probably have tried harder to get closer to central park &amp; further south, walking can take it out of you especially if you have to wait at every crossing.Also buy a MetroCard, we bought 7-day unlimited cards for $25 - great value &amp; can be used on the buses too. The auto-vend machines don't like UK credit cards, cash or debit cards are fine.Be wary of the Gray-Line hop-on hop-off tours $40 each, the buses are infrequent, &amp; the hop-on points not obvious.	
Apr 20 2008 	Very impressed with the Bentley	We (my wife and I) booked the Bentley for seven nights for a business/shopping/siteseeing trip to New York. It was recommended to us by a previous visitor and also seemed to be the lowest cost hotel in NYC that got consistently good reviews on Tripadvisor.We flew into Newark and got thoroughly ripped off by the Airport taxis (60 bucks, plus &quot;tolls&quot; where the tolls come to nearly one hundred dollars!!). The hotel arranged us a car to go back at less than half the cost, so it's worth giving them a call to see if they can pick you up!The hotel is located on the Upper East Side, right by the Queensborough Bridge. It's not a bad area, but the hotel is right by a busy road - it's well worth asking for the highest room you can get to avoid the traffic noise. We where on the 20th floor and it was fine. One the last day they moved us to a suite on the 12th floor and it was much noisier. Everywhere in NY is busy, so this is likely to apply to any hotel. The room was excellent. Very clean, comfy bed, big chairs, LCD TV and nice bathroom. Great to come back to after a busy day. The suite we got on the last day, although bigger, did not really offer any extra so I would keep your money - the standard rooms are fine. The reception was efficient and the staff friendly and polite - no complaints. We only had one problem; the hairdryer broke and they came and fixed it within 5 minutes of calling. We didn't eat there at all so can't comment. Like everybody else we went to the Ritz Diner for breakfast which is really good. It's located one block up E62nd street on the corner of 1st - it seems to have a more expensive menu at the weekends for some reason. There's also a great pizza parlour just around the corner next to Dangerfields and a &quot;7-11&quot; round the other corner. The nearest subway is either on 51st and Lexington (next to Bloomingdales) for the track down towards the Brooklyn Bridge and Central Station or 63rd and Lexington for Midtown. Both are about 10 minutes away. My advise would be to get a subway map (ask at any subway) and a ticket to last you your stay. You can walk until you drop in New York and getting familiar with the subway will make the difference!!	
Apr 10 2008 	Liked the Bentley	I stayed in the Bentley in February for 3 nights and had a good experience.Reception: Cold and Efficient. We arrived pretty late, the reception staff were not particularly friendly but highly efficient.Room: We stayed on the 21st Floor. We had amazing views over NY and the room itself was comfortable and spotless.Location: The hotel is approximately 15 minutes walk away from the nearest subway stop. A Taxi to Times Square costs approximately 10 dollars which is not bad if you are there for a short break and don't want to waste time traveling. From a cost perspective the hotel is excellent value considering its location. Parking: There is underground parking beside the hotel, make sure to get your ticket validated by reception before leaving.Overall I would stay there again if visiting New York. It is an ideal place to see Central Park, Museums etc. and is reasonably close to 42nd streets and lower.	
Apr 4 2008 	Not all that!!!	First off, our room was very dirty...the furniture was all chipped, damaged and looked very old and nasty. The rugs were dirty and the furniture was sticky with some kind of substance. And we were in a suite! When I informed the front desk clerk, he informed the front desk manager who brought the entire hotel management staff (like 7 people) to my room (along with the housekeeping manager) to confront her about the situation - in front of us. I thought that was VERY UNPROFESSIONAL AND TACKY. The hotel GM had no class for doing that!Many of the staff were rude...vocally very unhappy with changes in upper management and new ownership. No one seemed to know what was going on! And, the best part---the rate for us to stay another 2 nights was 499.99 night!!! They have got to be joking!Also, there was no &quot;cappuccino bar&quot; as stated in ad, and they charge a small fortune for the breakfast buffet, which was cereal and fruit!So people...in a town of 1000 hotels, there are better choices!And did I mention, it is attached and above a Mobil gas station!!!	
Mar 30 2008	Great hotel!	Stayed at the Bentley for three nights with my 15 year old son.Hotel was clean, and cozy. Service was great.We passed on the breakfast buffet, it was $16.95 and you can not order of the menu, so unless you are starved we thought it to be expensive.Walk to Subway at 59th/Lexington 15-20 minutes, but in safe neighborhood for day and late night.We paid $ 215 per night on Hotwire, and I was very pleased.We were going to get room on 2nd floor but I read it would be noisy so we requested higher floor and went to 1203, which was great.Thanks for the previous reviews, or we would have been above the gas station.	
Mar 11 2008 	Far from centre but quiet	The hotel is rather far from the centre in a very quiet residential area. Very nice restaurants not too far, but a 20 to 25 min. walk to Fifth Avenue, and a $12 cab ride to the theatre district. Closest subway is 10 minutes brisk walk.It was fine for a 3 star hotel: the bed was comfortable, with a nice duvet. The bathroom modern and very efficient. We had a microwave in the room - heaven knows why...The major drawback is that there is no climate control: the a/c unit does not allow for air exchange from outside and you cannot turn off the heat! Our room was facing east, so it got stiffling hot during the day and very stuffy during the night. Do not go there before the a/c is turned on for the summer!!!Breakfast very nice: fresh fruit, fresh pastries, good choice of natural cereal, and excellent coffee.Staff very nice but cannot fix the 2 elevators out of 3 that don't work, or the climate control...	
Mar 5 2008 	Good NY base	We arrived for a girly shopping, sightseeing break at the Bentley in New York and we were very happy with the accomodation.The rooms were spacious, clean with great views - the rooftop restaurant and bar was lovely - with spectacular 360 degree views of Manhattan and beyond!!The reception was friendly - the only thing that i did not like was the lighting in the corridors as it was very dark - but who cares you dont spend your time in the corridors!!!Although the hotel i quite away from the main attraction areas - a 20 min walk and your at central park was lovely in the sunshine - it is new york everything is far away from each other!!! Walking, getting the subway and hailing a taxi is all part of enjoying the experience and being a true new yorker ( remember not to smile - haha! )!Although if your looking for nightlife - there did not seem to be anything around the hotel! We were out from 8am - 10pm shopping and seeing the sights so we were too tired to party - so the hotel was perfect!Though we did see a broadway show - which is a must!!!	
Feb 29 2008	Loved this Hotel	This was a great Hotel to stay in, it had a welcoming lobby and we were treated very well. We were on the 17th floor and the views were amazing, the beds were exceptionally comfortable, the showers were great as it was very powerful and woke you up straight away!! Its a bit of a walk to get to the subway but a great way to explore upper east New York! Once you walk down 4/5 Avenues you get to the subway and where bloomingdales is. We just loved it here it was nice to know there was a cosy hotel to go back to after a really long day plus the service was fantastic...when we got late to check out of our rooms we were given extra time to get our luggage and our taxi to the airport was all arranged on time!!! Plus, the view from the top floor bar is amazing you're right next to the bridge!!!!!!	
Feb 27 2008 	Wonderful hotel!!	I wanted a quiet hotel in New York City, and didn't want to pay a fortune - not easy to find in NYC. I investigated all of the hotels downtown, and looked at the reviews. They seemed overpriced for what you were getting. Most of them seemed run down and charged a high rate just for the convenience of being downtown. I decided on the Bentley because it looked luxurious and comfortable, and wasn't that far from downtown. We were very happy with the Bentley. The rooms were very comfortable and quiet, and the service was great. Whenever I needed anything, the front desk were extremely courteous and cooperative, and sent someone up right away. If we wanted to go downtown, it was only a ten minute cab ride. The doorman even fetched the taxi for you! There is also a lovely restaurant on the top floor. If I was to return to NYC, I would not hesitate to stay at the Bentley again. If you have any questions, my e-mail is beanzie@rogers.com.	
Feb 12 2008 	Very impressed with the Bentley	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Bentley Hotel from 31st January to 5th February 2008 and were very impressed with it. We found all of the staff to be polite and helpful throughout our stay. When we arrived we asked for a room above the 6th floor (as we'd been advised) and the check in clerk advised us that we had booked a queen room but that they would upgrade us to a King room on the 17th floor. We got up to our room and were pleasantly surprised with the decor of the room and the fantastic view of the Queensborough Bridge and the river beside us. I've attached some photos of the view and our room so you can see for yourself. Our room was spotless and included a fridge, hob and microwave in case you wanted to bring your own food back to the room. The bathroom was immaculate with plenty of towels and a very powerful shower.We did not eat breakfast in the hotel, not because we were advised not to but because on our first morning we went to the Ritz diner just down the road and loved it so much that we went there every day for breakfast. The menu is huge and very reasonable, plus it's open 24 hours. We went up to the hotel's restuarant/bar on the 21st floor one evening. It's worth going up there as the view at night is stunning. The menu wasn't very extensive but the food we ordered was very good. We did not use the mini-bar in our room as if we wanted any drinks/snacks we found it was cheaper to buy them from one of the local deli's and bring them back to the room. A tip that's worth mentioning is that its probably better money wise to book tickets for shows/sports events direct with the theatre/stadium rather than through the concierge in reception as we found them to be rather pricey.Overall we were very impressed with the hotel and would definitely book to stay there again the next time we go to New York.	
Feb 11 2008 	What happened to the Capuccino?	I loved the hotel, it was very nice for the price and comfortable. Location was great, Ritz diner was a perfect place for breakfast. Everything on the review was true including the capuccino machine out of order, which was unfortunate. People nice in genereal, the concierge could have been a little bit more helpful... but I would definitely stay there again when I go to NYC and I recommend it to anyone. The shower works great and the only problem is there is no shower curtain and it can get messy, but you don't get cold.	
Jan 31 2008 	Not a Rolls Royce...	The Bentley…well, it's not a Rolls-Royce, either. The best thing I can say about this place? If you like high pressure showers, you'll love it. If anything else matters to you, I'd suggest you go elsewhere or stay home. The place is, in a word, stingy. How else can you explain - don't even think about using the word justify - these quirky surprises:1. One washcloth in the bathroom the day we arrived. None the next day, so I tracked housekeeping down and asked for two. One the next day. Ditto for our last day. And only two bath towels each day.2. A sign on the in-room refrigerator (I have a photo, so you know I'm not kidding!) warns you that if an item is taken from the refrigerator for more than 20 seconds, you will be charged for it - and if you place any item of yours in the refrigerator, you will be charged, too! 3. An $11.95 (plus tip) breakfast buffet that is laughable even by New York City standards. Coffee, juice, toast, min-bagels, mini-muffins and three small bowls of fruit (emptied and not refilled while I was there) and some bananas complete the menu-- which reads much more appetizing than it was! The tired furniture, carpet and non-existent décor don't add much to the 21st floor room, which is about as interesting as the inside of an empty warehouse.And speaking of décor, do not expect your deluxe room to look like the deluxe room showcased on the website. Our “deluxe” room was deluxe, the fellow at the check in counter explained, because it had a king size bed in it. I find that curious. What about size? Closet space? View? Amenities? I guess “deluxe” excludes those qualities and characteristics at the Bentley. The room was small, even by New York City standards. The miniscule closet is a bit wider than its door. The light on the built-in shelf-counter-cum-desk was broken. The closest light to the reading chair was a table lamp (with a dim fluorescent bulb) on the nightstand. Fortunately, the chair was next to the only window in the room, so we could read by daylight. When I asked to be moved because I didn't like the room or the view, the desk clerk told me he would call back in a few minutes. When he didn't, I called him. He said he was busy. I went downstairs and waited until he wasn't busy and then asked him, as politely as I could, if we could change rooms. That was not possible, he said, because the hotel was filled that night-Friday. I could wait until in the morning and see what was available…unless I wanted to move to the second floor…overlooking the gas station and sets of gas pumps (and traffic) that are part of the first floor of the Bentley. I declined.When I had called (on Thursday) to confirm our pre-paid reservations, the Bentley had no record of us. Eventually, I was told we had a standard room, which I challenged because we had paid for a deluxe room (a difference of $150 for three nights). When I talked to the desk clerk about my dissatisfaction with the room, he told me it was a standard room. I disagreed, and said we had paid for a deluxe room. He very quickly (too quickly, for my taste) agreed that yes, it was a deluxe room. Had this been a first class, customer-friendly organization, I would have expected a call Saturday morning, offering to move us to another room -- any room almost! There was no message.On checkout, the desk clerk attempted to charge us for an item removed from the refrigerator. We declined. We did not open the refrigerator for one second - let alone 20.As we walked away, the desk clerk said, cheerfully, “we hope you will stay with us again.” We looked at each other and responded quietly, “not in this lifetime.”	
Jan 28 2008 	Not as it seems	The Hotel was very trendy... a few years ago. Too far from the metro and with a lot of traffic all around.	
Jan 21 2008 	The Bentley was pretty good!	My boyfriend and I stayed at The Bentley after a fantastic 4 night stay in Manhattan. Overall, The Bentley was great. The staff were helpful and friendly without being intrusive and we honestly didn't have any problems. The bed was massive and we had a a great big plasma TV to relax in front of at the end of a tiring day sightseeing.Tip: Ask for a bridge/river view and make sure you're on- the 6th floor or above so you're away from the traffic noise.We had breakfast every morning at the Food Emporium along the road under Queensboro bridge which was perfect - fruit, muffins and coffee-what more could you need? Really cheap too if you're paying in English pounds!The wardrobe in the room was so small, there's no way we could have put our clothes away - this was fine for 4 nights, but any more and I think you would need somewhere to store your clothes or you'd just get a bit fed up. The only other thing was that it was a little bit out of town but we like walking so it didn't worry us too much! Great trip!	
Jan 15 2008 	on the dark side!	The reception staff were very helpful as we had booked 2 superior double rooms that were not ready and they upgraded us to 2 suites. These were spacious with 7' bed and flat screen tv's in both the bedroom and adjoining lounge that had the tiniest wardrobe. The heating/air con systems are extremely noisy and the walls are paper thin! The main problem was the lifts, hallways, bedrooms, bathrooms and rooftop bar were so badly lit (an exaggeration of the boutique hotel effect) we felt we were in the twighlight zone and after 4 days we were relieved to be leaving. The first night we went up to the bar, we could just about see the barman and struggled to see our drinks! Also, when phoning down to order some breakfast off the room service menu, we were told that they no longer provided room service. The breakfast in the bar upstairs was not worth bothering with. As far as location is concerned, the Queensboro bridge is literally a stone's throw but just a 10 min walk to Bloomingdales. If you are not planning to spend time in the hotel other than to sleep, then for value, it is probably worth it. However, I wouldn't rush back there. Yoko, London	
Jan 10 2008 	Great New York Find!	This hotel is such a bargain for New York! We stayed here last March and had a fab time. We booked on the hotel's website and were upgraded to a suite! It was by far the largest hotel room that I have ever had - an adorable living area, dining area and a completely separate bedroom! The decorations were cute and modern and I enjoyed the views of the bridges from our large windows. My one complaint is that the room wasn't as warm as it could have been - we didn't try to rectify this - it's possible they would have fixed it, but we were so in love with our room that we were afraid our complaint would move us to a new room and we didn't want that to happen!The hotel is close shopping! Yay! It's probably only a 10 minute walk or so to shopping row. It is also close to the subway so it's just a few minutes to get anywhere else.There is a fantastic diner just up the street from the hotel - Ritz Diner. We had almost every meal there. They serve a ton of food - a big breakfast there will last you nearly the rest of the day.	
Dec 27 2007 	Great Little Hotel!!!	The hotel was everything I could have asked for. I was trying to find a room for under $200 a night in Manhattan and that is tough to do in December. Luckily I was able to find a room at the Bentley. The Good: The rooms are in pristine condition. Clean and very modern. It even had a huge flat panel TV. Great views and floor to ceiling windows. Ditto with the lobby, and the staff was very friendly. As far as the other amenities at the hotel (restaurant, pool, gym, etc), I do not really know as I did not have time to look for it. About the only complaint I had about the room was that it was small, but I think that is to be expected in a Manhattan hotel room. It was very comfortable for two people, but I wouldn't recommend it for more than two. The location was a tiny bit out of the way as it is on 62nd and all the way on the East Side at York. Although it is not a bad neighborhood, its a bit of a walk to Midtown/Central Park/Times Square. It was about a 20-30 minute walk to Times Square, but then again, walking thru the city is a pleasant experience in itself. Overall, I think The Bentley is an excellent choice for visitors in to NYC who do not want to pay the $$$ for hotel near Times Square, and a much better option than staying in NJ or in one of the outer boroughs. The room made me feel very comfortable and I will go back the next time I need a room in NYC.	
Dec 20 2007	Pleasant hotel	My husband and i stayed at the Bentley Hotel late november begining of December 2007. We had a large room which was fairly clean but the bathroom was so small, pity they could not have made it a little larger. The view from the room was really good. We found one member of staff rather terse in manner. Beware if you do not have a credit card as they will ask you for a $200 deposit on your room. Other members of staff were all friendly and always cheerful. Pity the coffee machine was in the lobby though. We had a great time seeing the sights and doing a bit of christmas shopping. We did not find the lifts dark. We did travel on the subway which we found great fun. We would go back there again.	
Dec 20 2007 	Great Room for Great Price	I stayed here for my Wife's 30th Birthday. The room was perfect, very spacious for Manhatten. The location looks shady from the outside, but the inside is nice and the views are wonderfull. The staff was very firendly and helpfull. The rooftop bar is pretty cool. It is a few blocks away from the subway, but only a $25 cab ride from LGA. I will definatley stay there again.	
Dec 10 2007 	Wonderful night	Spent a Saturday night here to celebrate our honeymoon. The location is terrific for driving in as it is right next to the on ramp for the FDR and parking is only $20 at the garage underneath the building. The staff was very friendly and upgraded us to a junior suite for no extra charge. We were on the 18th floor in a corner room with fantastic views of the East River, the Queensboro Bridge, the Roosevelt Island Tram and many skyscrapers. Looked great in the daytime and even nicer when lit up at night. The room was spacious with a very comfortanble queen size bed, that was not small at all, I'm 6'. Delicious coffee, espresso, capaccino maker in the lobby is free. We walked over to Rockefeller Center and saw the tree and did some shopping at American Girl for our daughters, took about twenty minutes to walk to that area. We also saw a great comedy show at Dangerfield's which is only a block from the hotel. Great sushi place accross teh street on First Avenue, Sushi Saki. Cons of the hotel were carpeting in hallway had some bumps and some of the hallway lights were a little dim, but overall a terrific place for the price, $299 at Christmas time. p.s. take the tram over to Roosevelt Island and have breakast on a Sunday morning. Its so peaceful you'll forget your in NYC.	
Nov 28 2007	Don't let the location dissuade you.....	Hotel looks mediocre on the outside and is located above a gas station and right next to the entrance of FDR drive - Not a very attractive location. The location right on the East River makes for great views though. We booked a junior suite and got a large room on the 18th floor with an amazing view of the 59th Street bridge and Manhattan. Room was modern and comfortable with a nice, hard king-sized bed, flat screen TV and a nice chaise lounge for reading. Bathroom was modern with marble shower, sink and floor.Staff were friendly and the free cappucino machine in the lobby was a nice touch.The only downside is that the hotel is a bit far from the subway - about 7 blocks (5 of which are long blocks). Another downside is that the FDR Drive can be noisy if you are on a lower floor. Ask for an upper floor to reduce the noise.	
Nov 27 2007	Great Hotel	I stayed here as part of a large group and was very impressed with every aspect of my stay. The rooms were big by UK standards, never mind New York ones, and the beds were gorgeously comfy, if a little short. (I'm around 5'6'' and my feet hung over the end!). They're not shy with the pillows either, 4 great big fluffy clouds to sink into! The hotel is in a great location for Bloomingdales and Central Park, a bit of a stroll to 5th Avenue especially with shopping bags! I'd reccommend a few dollars for a cab. The views from the bar on the 21st floor take some beating, the Queensboro bridge on one side and skyscrapers on the other. Absolutely gorgeous day or night, rain or shine. I would definately stay here again, thanks to all the staff for putting up with our demands (and a reception FULL of people and luggage on our departure).	
Nov 25 2007 	Would stay again	We spent the night at the Bently hotel during our trip to visit family on Long Island. The hotel is very easy to find, there is parking underneath the hotel for $20/day +tax (however when we picked up our car it had a foul odor in it - it took about 1/2 hour to get rid of the smell with the windows down). Our room was on the 16th floor with a view of the 59th st. bridge and the apartment building across the street. The room was nice and bigger then expected in NYC. It has a flat screen tv and a bed that was decent. There was internet access at an addtional charge of $9.95/day. The bathroom was nice however the set up of the shower was strange with a 1/2 glass partition. The water pressure was very strong which was great. The hallways did have a strong odor of air freshner but it didn't get into the room. We went upstairs to the lounge for drinks and it was very nice. We were the only ones there for awhile- the outside deck was great and the couches in the lounge were nice as well. We stayed until closing and the staff was very nice, didn't make us feel like we were holding them up even though we were the only customers. The location of the hotel is a bit out of the way so be prepared to walk a bit to get public transportation. We walked back to the hotel from Rockefeller Center and it was a nice walk and the area around the hotel seemed safe to us. We would stay here again even with the lack of close public transporation.	
Nov 24 2007 	Rooms spacious and sleek; a few minor complaints	I booked a standard queen room here for one night while interviewing for a job nearby. The lobby is spare and clean, in keeping with much of the decor. My room was on a high floor, and was essentially a small suite , with a small sitting room with sofa, table, and flat-screen TV. There was a separate bedroom with a large queen bed, small flat-screen TV, and an ipod-capable alarm clock. The decor was modern, freshly-renovated, and attractive. The bed was very comfortable. Few minor complaints:1) Elevators were very slow. I waited nearly 5 minutes before one came (I was on the 20th floor), and it was clear on the way down that others were waiting too. I don't know if any were out of order.2) Bathroom was nice but the water pressure was pretty weak and hot water slow in coming.All in all, pretty minor complaints, and given the reasonable price for Manhattan (~$300), I'd stay here again.	
Nov 16 2007 	Large rooms massive windows....but a bit out of the way	2 couples stayed in 2 separate rooms for 1 night. We'd all been to the city before so the location didn't bother us. We used the hotel as a way of breaking up a very long trip. We headed off to LGA the next day, so the location of this hotel was very convenient in that respect. Pros: we were both upgraded upon arrival!!! Rooms were fantastic. Extremely large, massive windows, comfy bed in a separate bedroom. Tv in the bedroom and sitting area. Gorgeous views from the rooftop bar. Have stayed at this hotel in the summer time and found the rooftop bar to have a fantastic atmosphere. The views from here are fantastic - especially at night. Depending on the purpose of your visit I think the location of this hotel has advantages. It's quieter and a bit more residential. Cons: bathroom amenities slightly lacking,no tea/coffee in the room (had to go to the main lobby for it). The rooftop bar,which was nearly empty when we were there,closed very early at midnight. I didn't notice a refrigerator or mini bar in the room. Breakfast wasn't included in our rate and we found paying $28 for 2 continental breakfasts (basically tea and bagels) to be a bit over the top.	
Nov 8 2007 	Good room average hotel	I travelled with my best friend for a girlie holiday. Arrived too early to check in (before 3pm) but we were able to check in our luggage. We wanted a hotel out of the hustle and bustle of mid-town, close to the park and bloomingdales and it was ideal for this. Lobby is pleasant as are the staff but nothing special. Corriders are dark and over-fragranced with febreeze! The room we had was superior but it wasn't worth the upgrade, we were on the 7th floor, river facing with a nice view, great lighting from massive windows and no windows looking in on us. The room was very large, comfortable and very well kept, the bathroom also good, extremely powerful shower and deceptively small but powerful hair dryer!Bar was a shade shabby but panaramic rooftop/bridge views made up for this and the cocktails were reasonably priced. The Bar man is loud but great for tips on nightlife. We didn't eat at the hotel at all, plenty of choices downstown and near-by - particularly on 1st ave, the Ritz Diner cheap and cheerful with excellent service and get take out from the excellent Roy's sushi - blue lit up bar on first - excellent for the evening recovering from last nights cocktails.Use the concierge by all means (they are very nice) but don't expect to get better table/ticket etc than if you booked yourself.Other tips - Nearby Orchid Spa for manicure/pedicure, Ess-a-bagel on 3rd Ave for breakfast en-route downtown.	
Nov 1 2007 	Just An Average Hotel. Great Decor Though.	This hotel definitely has its pluses and minuses and in the end the minuses just out weigh the pluses to result in this being just an average hotel.Pluses:Decor: We loved the modern decor of the entire hotel. The lobby and the room were decorated in a very modern theme, similar to the &quot;W&quot; Hotels.Windows: We were in a corner room so we basically had two complete walls of windows. Good for nice views but bad at night when we had a voyeur with binoculars spying in directly at us and waiving. We just waived back.Staff: The staff was top notch from check in to check out.Minuses:Location: The website stated that the hotel was just a couple of blocks from the subway. In reality, it's over ½ a mile. Might not seem like that much until you are our there going to the subway a couple of times a day. Further than it sounds. Just be prepared.Breakfast: Continental breakfast= bagels and cream cheese each morning.Fridge: We were told that each room had a fridge it when we called to make sure. Upon arrival, it was $25/night to have a fridge in the room.Room Service: Ended earlier than most other hotels that we have stayed in.Overall, make sure that you are getting a good deal to make sure that the stay is worth the price.	
Oct 28 2007 	Fantastic for sightseeing and shopping	We have just returned from a 4 day break at this hotel in New York. I travelled with my wife and 14 year old daughter on a sightseeing/ shopping trip.There were no problems at all with this hotel apart from the fact that it is a bit of a trudge from the nearest subway (lexington/59th street) at the end of a long day with lots of shopping bags! In hindsight, we should have taken more cabs ( these are unbelievably plentiful and easy to hail)but you always forget how tired you were the day before. If you are fairly fit and enjoy walking, then this hotel is for you. It is about 15 minutes to the subway and Lexington Avenue, where there are lots of shops and another 10 minutes or so to Central Park so you are not that far away from the action.The Ritz diner was where we had breakfast every morning on the way to the subway and we found it terrific value with a fantastic breakfast menu.Our fair sized room was on the 16th floor and, although the air conditioning was a bit loud, we were so tired that it did not affect our sleeping. We had two comfortable double beds and a nice TV. The bathroom was perhaps a little small but it was clean enough and sufficent for our needs.The corridors and lifts are pretty dark. In fact, in the lift you can hardly see the floor numbers! Also, I am always suspicious when there is a really strong smell of perfumed air or air freshener in the corridors. You keep wondering what they have to hide! I have to say my suspicions proved to be unfounded and the surroundings were very pleasant.We had few dealings with the hotel staff but when we did, they were helpful, efficient and courteous e.g. storing our luggage for us on the final day and ordering a taxi for the airport.Our favourite things to do a) take the subway to High Street, Brooklyn and then walk back to Manhattan over the Brooklyn Bridge. Great views of the Manhattan skyline and it is free!b) Go to the Top of the Rock observatory at the Rockefeller centre for fantastic 360 degree views. This costs about $17 but is worth the money and, by all accounts, better than the Empire State Building which, incidentally, you can see very clearly. c) Explore the area around Washington Square, (the arch where Harry gets dropped off by Sally after she gives him a lift and he says &quot;Have a nice life&quot;) preferably south and west of that landmark, where there are some quirky shops, great bars and restaurants.	
Oct 23 2007 	Give this place a try!	Stayed in the Bentley for a few nights on business. The rooms were clean and comfortable and the bar with the open balcony on the 21st floor was a great spot for pre-dinner drinks (even our New York hosts thought it was a great spot for a drink with a view). It is a little out of the way but definitely walkable (in flats!) and you'd still save money if you got cabs everywhere. Didn't do the breakfast but there is a lovely diner up the road and a starbucks around the corner. If this place was a few blocks down and across it would be five times the price, so if you want to see the city and not your hotel room, go for the Bentley.	
Oct 22 2007 	Super Hotel	I stayed at this hotel in the summer with two of my friends. We took it on the advise in this site. We weren't disappointed. This hotel suited everything we needed. The location was a bit off putting but since we were there for two weeks it was fine. It's only a 10 min stroll to the subway that will bring you to Times Sq. There is a petrol station beside the hotel which is open 24 hrs. This proved to be a life saver as late nites of drinking led to dry mouths and a shop at your doorstep is brilliant. The tea/coffee machine was great also as you need it to wake you up in the morning. The restaurant on the top floor offers amazing views of the city and if you don't want to go too far for a drink there is a bar at night. It also has a man at reception that can set you up with anything, from day trips to philly to tickets for a ball game. all those advantages outweigh the negatives by so much. There is nothing in this world that is perfect and where The Bentley falls short is 1, it's location, it's fine if your there for at least a weeks stay but if you have limited time your better off going nearer to Times Sq. and 2, the breakfast buffet they have. From an Irish point of view it could be better and could be better value. But other than that it's perfect. The Air Con was a life saver and there is also an ice machine and vending machines. It really is perfect for all ages as long as you don't mind walking. But your in NY, everywhere you go is amazing. A hotel couldn't be ran better. Oh and if you want a good place to eat and drink there is an Irish bar one block up called Baker St., it's brilliant. Lastly the maids are superb there. Three male 21 y.o. unsupervised aren't exactly thinking about being too tidy but every time we came back to the room it was spotless.	
Oct 10 2007 	Brilliant would definately recommend	Just returned from a 4 night stay at The Bentley NY and it was brilliant, the rooms were spotless and very comfy, the maids came in everyday to make the beds and tidy the room, clean the bathroom etc..the reception staff were very friendly and the concierge couldn't do enough for you.Breakfast at the hotel is $17, it consists of a hot breakfast, fruit, muffins anything really and you can have as much as you want, its situated on the 21st floor and has a fantastic view at night time. There is a little Diner up the street called The Ritz which does a gorgeous breakfast, you really have to try it! We were about a 20 minute walk from Central Park and 5th Ave which was great, the area was nice and quiet apart from all the taxi/cab men constantly honking their horns, they do it everywhere so it was nothing new, a taxi into Time Square will cost you about $20 inc tips which isn't expensive as it takes about 10-15 minutesIf your looking to take the city bus trip dont bother booking it at the hotel, its $2 more expensive and you have to take your receipt to the ticket guys anyway to exchange it for a ticket so its pointless, the hotel obviously makes $2 for every one booked.The hotel offer a cab service back to JFK airport for $50 which is great value, just arrange it with the concierge when you arrive, just make sure you give yourself plenty of time to get thereOverall I really enjoyed my stay at The Bentley and would stay there again if I were to go back to NY, I can be contacted if anyone has anything they would like to ask me	
Oct 8 2007 	basic hotel	We stayed at the Bentley Hotel as the final part of our honeymoon, spending three nights here. The location was great; walkable to the city (10 mins approx), the concierge were fantastically helpful, but the down side was the accommodation!Firstly the place is obviously run down - the rooms were relatively clean, sheets were damp, the air con didnt work. The candid pictures i have seen on here which made me book, certainly did not meet with the real thing.If you want somewhere to lay your head at night and dont mind noise or dampness stay here - its cheap and cheerful, and has great views from the breakfast rooms. one last tip, dont use the phone in the room - we made two short calls home and got a hefty £70 charge for it.	
Oct 3 2007 	A little dark . . . A bit trendy . . . Good value . . .	The Bentley is a three star hotel in my opinion and nothing more and perhaps less. This hotel falls into the value category for me. After doing my research on trip advisor, I paid $259 plus tax (on the hotel's website) for a week night, which is pretty good for NYC in September. I would not pay more than $300 for this hotel on weekday business travel and $250 for weekend leisure travel in the spring, summer and fall. You will find better value in the winter elsewhere, as weekend prices tend to drop at 4 star hotels in Manhatten.The hotel location on the east side of Manhatten is not too bad for a NYC vacation or business trip, if you don't mind being a bit off of the beaten path. The rooms have flat screen TV's and a modern feel but nothing extrordinary. The bathrooms are clean but a bit cramped like the room. The rooftop bar is bit smelly like a cruise ship on the 7th night but the view is great, friendly bar staff, and it is a great place to have a drink. The free cofee and cappuccino is a plus.If you have incredibly high standards or don't understand the concept of &quot;you get what you pay for&quot; this is not the place for you. But if you are looking for a great deal and are willing to accept the downsides to a three star hotel, you might find incredible value here if you can book this hotel at a nice price.	
Sep 9 2007	Polished Terd	A word to the traveling masses-The Bentley is a &quot;polished terd.&quot; No matter how one shines this bad boy it's still a stinker. (Top five levels of stinkiness)#1.The tub is fitted with half a pane of glass so the other half of the tub is free to let the water wash all over the floor.#2 The breakfast was ridiculously bad. The staff scortched my husbands french toast black on one side and remedied it by bringing another order of french toast,- this time made with wonder bread instead of original challah bread. The oatmeal was runny and the coffee was burnt Sanka.#3. The place looks like an 80's nightclub flashback that's never been scrubed clean.#4.The staffs disdane for customers is tremendously high. It was built up by years of apologising for it's incompetence and crumbling facilities.#5.The carpet in the room had an erie stickiness that only a blue light in CSI could decode.Sincerely disapointed.	
Sep 1 2007 	great	lynne,scotland. our room was very clean but what we loved about this hotel was the view from our window, when we returned at night time we didnt want to sleep as the view of the water with all the different boats going up and down and also the cable cars going to rosevelt island was amazing. the hotel was a we bit out of the way but the neighbourhood was quite and very safe, we always walked back as you pass some lovely townhouses. the glass rooftop bar etc gave you a great view as well. we will definatly go back to the bentley	
Aug 31 2007 	away from the tourist traps	We loved staying at this hotel. We like to walk around and explore cities, so this was ideal. It was about a 10 minute, pleasant walk from the nearest subway, with lots of shops, restaurants and bars on the next block. It was good being away from all the chain restaurants etc that all cities have: staying here felt more like being a local and a bit more individual. I had stayed at this hotel before and was a bit apprehensive about recommending it to my boyfriend, but I needn't have worried as he liked it too. (plus we got a very good deal!) We were especially pleased as, having arrived in New York all hot and tired after a 15 hour train journey from Toronto, we were &quot;bumped&quot; to a junior suite. We loved the view from the windows of the bridge and Manhatten. The bed was extra comfy. The air con was quite loud and we had to have it on all the time because of the humidity, but we didn't mind as we both snore so it drowned us both out! We didn't mind breakfast not being included as we loved going to the nearby excellent Ritz diner.	
Aug 22 2007 	Hopeless Reception Staff	We stayed at the Bentey hotel for two nights in August 07. The hotel itself is not bad although the dim lighting is disasterous. What was most annoying were the charmless, rude, unhelpful reception staff. The doormen/bellboys were extremely pleasant but the reception staff let down the whole establishment.It is also too far out of town.I would not recommend it.	
Aug 20 2007 	Great Hotel - a little far out	We had a long weekend at The Bentley Hotel at the end of November 2006 and had a really good time. After the nightmare of JFK Immigration the check-in staff were all friendly and welcoming. They were also very apologetic for the 3am fire alarm! My girlfriend enjoyed watching the burly firemen for the hour we stood outside! It also afforded us a stark reminder of 9/11 with the memorial on the fire truck.On arrival we were upgraded to a junior suite and had a corner room - unfortunately overlooking the gas station next door. The room was only let down by three things - the air con/ heating was mediocre (thankfully we had unseasonably warm weather), the bathroom was tired and small and the closet space was non existent - we ended up living out of our bags on the floor. Mind you, how long do you stay in your room when you've the whole of NY to explore?The best aspect of the hotel is without a doubt the bar &amp; restaurant on the top floor overlooking the East River and The Queensboro Bridge - a truly fantastic view of night time Manhattan can be seen from the bar.The hotel is ideal for exploring the Upper East Side neighbourhood and Central Park isn’t that far away. Be prepared to walk - the places aren't too close; don't be put off by a 10 Block walk (it's not that far really).A word of note; if you only staying for a couple of days and it's your first time in New York I'd suggest a hotel closer to midtown as it's not too central - but if you are an old hand at visiting NYC then that's part of the attraction for the Bentley as it gives another aspect to the city and there are some good restaurants near by. The Ritz Diner a block away was spot-on for starting the day - great value, big portions and window booths to watch the world go by. And at the Italian just round the corner the Barman makes possibly the best Bombay Sapphire Gin &amp; Tonic we have ever had!Some reviews have mentioned surly staff, we didn’t experience that. The concierge arranged a limo to pick us up for the return to the airport at 0445am and when we checked out the Night Porter dealt with us like it was the middle of the day rather than the middle of the night.If we were to go back we’d ask for a room on a higher floor and with more closet space with views of the river rather than the street.	
Aug 17 2007 	EXCELLENT CHOICE	We stayed July 2007. one Doble room 4 adults.Reception was very friendly and always helpfulThe room was very clean. Bathroom although not very big was acceptable and had all the necesary requirments.One miner setback was that we requested a non smoking room and the room did smell..... we reported to the recption and when we came back that night the bad smell was gone completely.In general our stay was excellent we highly recomend the Bentley Hotel. and the price was perfect...very good value.Thanks to all the staff for making our stay :)Igor Mencos and familyMonterrey, Mexico	
Jul 17 2007 	Loved NYC	We stayed in the Bentley in December last year and were there for New Year.We had a fantastic time the city is AMAZING!!The Bentley was great, very clean and the staff were v. friendly.When we checked in we were upgraded to a suit which was lovely.I'd recomend a meal on the rooftop restaurant as the food is good and the views over Manhattan at night are fantastic.	
Jul 11 2007 	Great Value for Money	My first trip to new york and I have to say it was brilliant. Hotel was great value for money very clean. Not the biggest room but good size bed and LCD tv what more could you want. Would def stay here again	
Jun 27 2007	Pleasantly surprised!	I did a lot of research before I booked a room over night in NYC. It was either go for the cheapest (the Hotel PA at $150 and be closer to the attractions), or spend a little more to be closer to a friend that we were going to meet up with. I chose the Bentley at $250 a night. It is a little out of the way. We were able to walk to Central park and Times Square. But I found it hard to find a good place to eat in the area. We had our 4 year old with us and the outdoor cafes near Park Ave were not the place for us. There was a nice park (with a sprinkler/fountain for the kids) about a block or two from the hotel as well as a few pavilions on the water. I read a few reviews that said the hotel is noisy. We were on the South side of the building on the 18th floor (no view of the bridge for us!) It was so quiet and relaxing. Maybe you have to sacrifice tranquility for a view! The cappuccino bar was awesome. We ordered room service for breakfast and the three of us eat for less than $25.00. That made up for eating at TGIF in Times Square and spending $18.00 for a turkey burger. The hotel did have dark elevators and halls, but I didn’t mind. It was clean and the room was very comfortable, especially the bed. They do have very nice linens. The shower did need a good spray of bleach to kill the mold and the water is very hard. I recommend this hotel. I’d stay there again if the location was a little more downtown. But if you want to stay on the upper west side near the hospital/museums/Central Park, give it a try.	
Jun 24 2007	Great Value I will return	I was pleased with the Bentley. The front desk staff was very courteous all three days that I was there. The room was clean, modern, great flat screen TV, most comfortable bed we've ever slept in. We were on the 14th floor and it was very quiet. Bar on top floor was a little disappointing, I guess I was hoping for a little bit nicer view, but it was still a nice view of the river. Bathroom was not luxurious, a little small, but fine. We ate at the Ritz Diner one block up towards Central Park based on other reviewers recommendations and agree it's a great place for breakfast. While the location is not in the thick of things, we still walked up to Central Park and down 5th Avenue one day from the hotel. I find that no matter where we stay, we end up taking a lot of cabs. And this hotel is right off the FDR, so some taxi drivers took the FDR to get into SOHO and that saved time. I would recommend this hotel, assuming the price stays reasonable.	
Jun 24 2007 	Bentley?! More like a robin reliant!	Arrived at the hotel, which is out of the way and next to the motorway. The description said it was 5 min walk to central park, but it was rather 25 mins walk! The staff are quite unhelpfull on the desk, and the concierge was ironically the most unhelpful and rather rude!Got to the room and it was tiny, a tiny cubbard which didn't fit the suitcase and contained 5 coat hangers and no shelves. (this was all the storage space). The room was tiny, although the view was quite nice, if you didn't look down!The roof top restaurant had an amazing view but the restaurant itself wasn't very glamourous.The best thing about the hotel was the main porter, who was incredibly nice and helpful for all our shopping needs.And there is also a nice diner up the road where we got breakfast!I do not recomend this hotel!	
Jun 20 2007 	Run - Don't Walk	My two day stay at the Bentley was full of frustration and extreme disappointment. A non-functioning key card system (apparently a recurring problem based on other reviews) provided apprehension about hotel security and a rude desk staff compounded the dissatisfaction. I arrived at the Bentley Sunday morning and, as expected, there were no rooms yet ready. I went out for the day, and when I returned around 6 pm, I was told that there was a technical problem with the room key card system and I would have to wait for a bellman to let me into the room. In a few minutes, I was shown to my room, but the bellman just let me in - I was given keys, but they didn't work. I went out for a bite to eat and when I returned, the fellow at the front desk (clearly under stress since others couldn't get into their rooms) told me that my lock had been fixed just moments after I left the hotel, and I was given another set of key cards. I went up to the room and the cards didn't work. I returned to the lobby, was sent back up to the room with a bellman, who couldn't open the door. Back to the lobby. With considerable attitude, the desk clerk escorted me to my room with the master control box and told me that he was reprogramming the lock. I got into the room and was given two keys. I went out to see friend later in the evening, and when lI returned at midmight, that key card didn't work. This time, it took three trips to the room with hotel staff, and twenty minutes later I was finally in my room - with no working keys.The next morning, a very kind hotel manager apologized, promised to have the keys working, and told me that the Sunday staff should have notified her of the problem over the weekend, but didn't. Fact of the matter was, when I returned later in the day, the keys I was given still didn't work. Finally, the manager herself came to the room and get the system to work.When I returned later that evening from dinner, my hallway had five kids sitting on the floor with their suitcases. When I asked what was going on, they told me they couldn't get into their rooms (this was at 11 pm).So these issues, coupled with a dreary location, a TV remote that needed new batteries (I had to ask twice),furniture that needed to be refreshed, and a very sour and unhelpful weekend and hight staff, leads me to suggest that you look elsewhere for accommodations in the Big Apple.	
Jun 19 2007 	Excellent	Stayed here just after New Year, and for the price this was excellent. Reasonable size of room for New York, friendly staff.It's well away from the main tourist areas, but not too far from the subway, so everywhere's easy to get to.	
Jun 14 2007 	Best location ever	I loved the Bentley hotel from the moment I came in.. Its beautifull, the staff is ok. they could have been nicer..The interior is perfect, the cleaning too, and the location couldn't be better!	
May 19 2007 	not perfect but pretty darn good	The Bentley on the Upper East Side (E. 62nd at York) is a bit out of the mainstream for most NYC tourists, but there is a bus that runs practically to the door which will get you to the major subway lines in a matter of minutes ... and the hustle and bustle of First Avenue is a short walk away. Plenty of decent restaurants, beautiful buildings and a safe neighborhood to walk in. Most importantly, you get a lot of hotel for your money (we splurged for a junior suite, only a few dollars more and highly recommended), a great view of the East River and the City skyline, and a peace and quiet when you need it. There were a few less than perfect moments, like when the room keys were reprogrammed and we couldn't get into the room after returning from a late night out ,or the broken coffee machine one morning, but the staff was very accomodating and friendly and took care of problems quickly. It was our first trip to NYC and we were not disappointed. We will definitely stay there again.	
May 2 2007 	an HOnest Review	We ( couple 30+ ) spent a week in NYC, April 15 to 22. Girlfriend first time in NYC.We booked this hotel because it was a travel agent recommendation @220 US$ / night average. We were a bit worry due some reviews.Here we go.Bentley was a very good surprise. Hotel is in 62th @ York avenue, so It is NOT in the centre of things, but the east side is a very nice neighborhood with many options to eat and walk. We got a nice room ( finished in 01) in the 8th floor, with a nice view of the east river, a Window ceil to floor allowed us to see the Queensboro bridge at front and the river. I asked for a higher floor and they promised me in three days, but actually we stayed in the 8th floor. Rooms were very clean with bed &amp; linens Ok, changed everyday. Marble bathrooms, nice shower. Flat screen TV, small closets. Acces to WiFi through a provider costs 30$ the week, was reliable( daily or hourly acces is too priced ). We actually use internet to plan each day due the fact we got bad weather ( rainy and cold below 8C) first four days and very good one the last four days...( sunny and above 20C). Noise early in the moorning but not too noisy. There is a small fridge ....Do Not Touch it, if you get a bottle from the fridge just to see what it is you will be charged.Complimentary self capuccino ( or tea ) is available at the small reading room besides the Lobby, where daily newspapers and magazines are available. We use the machine for capuccino/ expresso or tea every day leaving the hotel and returning... ;-). check in &amp; check out was fast / no problems at all. Service was very good, the concierge helped us with the few questions we asked , they were always attentive.Roof top Restaurant is a simple place to take a drink to see the river @ night, we did not eat there ( breakfast and dinner was offered) it is nothing too special, but it worth a night visit to drink a cosmo if you are going to stay.YES, Bentley iss a little bit off, nearest Subway station is 6 blocks away @ lexington with 59st ( six lines) or lexington with 63st. ( F line) . Getting to Central Park is 10 blocks away. but the walk is in a nice neighborhood. I believe that is the only reason this hotel is still at 200$+ night. Taxi Cab from Midtown / Downtont to Bentley were 10$ average at night. I do believe that these extra 10$ each day are much less that the extra 100$/ day that costs a good hotel in theater District that compares with Bentley.Few hints if you stay in Bentley: - walk to River View Terrace, to amazing views of Queensboro bridge &amp; river . 3 blocks from Bentley. - Madison Avenue &amp; the museum Mile are &quot;near&quot; the hotel, for a good walk day. We found a gem in the museum mile: neue gallery museum. German &amp; Austrian ExpresSionist. Right now: &quot;Van Gogh &amp; the expressionism&quot; is in display. amazing.- lots of good coffes to take breakfast. The Nearest the Ritz Dinner. If you want somethingh very hip: EAT Caffe @ Park avenue with 81. Best breakfast we had in town. fresh pastry and bakery, everything good.- tram to Roosevelt Island is 3 blocks away, nothing spectacular as it is a 4 minute raid, but if you stay in Bentley with Queensboro bridge at your side and you see the tram every day almost right @ your window, you have to ride on it.... ;-)- United Nations Building is few minutes walking down by 1st avenue. - we took dinner near Bentley just one night. It was a small &amp; friendly italian ( tuscany region ) restaurant, very good . 1st ( or 2nd) avenue with 60th or 59th. try it. It is besides east river caffe almost hidden: &quot;Cuccina Tuscana&quot; or something like that.in summary, Bentley is a good hotel, NOT in the middle of things, but for NYC it is reasonably priced in a stylish decor,with nice &amp; clean rooms. Rooms with views to the river &amp; queensboro are something different that add this &quot;additional touch&quot; to the stay in the HOtel. Friendly staff, nothing to complain. YES for a long stay i will return. For a very short stay in NYC maybe you could prefer a more &quot;Middle of the action&quot; hotel, with tons of people, subway stations, neon lights surrounding....It is up to you.hopes this help-.	
May 2 2007 	Lovely clean hotel but noisey surrounding	When my friend and I arrived the room we were allocated to was on the fourth floor, although the room was spacious and clean the noise level was horrendous. We complained to reception and they said they would put us in another room the following day, and true to their word we were put on the 20th floor which was a lot less noiser.My friend and I had a double bed each which had duvets and sheets - very comfortable bed. The only down side to our room was that the bathroom was a little small but adequate. The only thing that was missing was a extractor fan because everytime you used the shower the room steamed up so you need to keep the bathroom door open. One advice is to have a shower/bath in the a.m. because in the evening there is no hot water!There is a mini bar in the room and on top of the mini bar are crisps, chocolates etc. If you pick them up more than 20 seconds you will be billed. My advice is before you leave the hotel to return home check that you have not been billed - the same goes for the mini bar - don't open the door more than 20 seconds.You get cleaners coming everyday to replace your towels and generally tidy your room.We had a good panaramic view of the Queensborough Bridge and you can see the river (obviously depending where your room is).There is a cocktail bar on the 21st floor with a great view of the river and bridge. The waiters are very friendly.Also every a.m. you can have breakfast on the 21st floor - which is buffet style - personally I didn't think it was worth the money, you better off going to a american dinner which you will get a lot more for your money.Downstairs in the lobby you can help yourself to coffee (different types) and tea anytime you like.On the 2nd floor there is a ice machine.	
Apr 30 2007 	A Stone's throw from Sloan Kettering	My sister and I stayed at this hotel because our mother had surgery at Memorial Sloan Kettering. We frequently go to New York and stay closer to Times Square but for our needs on this visit, the hotel was ideal. The location to the hospital couldn't have been more convienant. We only had to walk a few blocks, so we were even able to come back and take a nap while our mother was in recovery. Since we spent most of our time at the hospital, we didn't mind that it is located a bit far from Times Square and other tourist attractions.The complimentary espresso/coffee bar in the lobby was really nice! It made up for the over priced hospitality bar and fridge in the room. We had a great view and a very nice sized, clean room. Since we got a special patient rate, we were content with the price.As mentioned in several other posts, the lighting in the hallways and elevators is really wierd! It's dark and metallic (for lack of a better description). The elevators are REALLY slow too. The neigborhood is really nice, and we felt perfectly safe strolling back to our room after a late night dinner at one of the local eateries.Overall, we were pleased. We would stay there again if we had to go to Sloan Kettering, but we would choose another hotel to be closer to the theatre and tourist districts.	
Apr 20 2007	great place	We, two adults and two children, stayed at the Bentley for 7 nights. Good location, very helpful and friendly staff. We liked the decor, the restaurant, the television in the room (flat screen), the bathroom. If anything, we would have liked bigger beds and more storage space. The beds felt quite short considering that we are not even 6 foot. There was only one small cupboard to hang our clothes. We will probably stay again and ask for a bigger room.	
Apr 17 2007	Great Place to Stay!	We recently stayed at the Bentley. This was our first time staying in the city and it was because we needed to visit the hospital there. The hotel was very good, clean and pretty spacious. We stayed in a suite so my son had his own room and TV. restaurant was good. Breakfast was good too but mostly convenient. Only thing is parking is very tight in underground garage so don't bring a huge SUV or car as the ceilings are tight and so is the entrance. Other than that we will stay again.	
Apr 6 2007 	Great value in NYC	What started bad ended fantastic. When we were shown to our original room it was not cleaned yet. Our bellman was extremely apologetic and we were upgraded to a corner room. I would recommend asking for a corner room, they are floor to ceiling windows that give you spectacular views of the East river and the Upper East side as well as Roosevelt Island. The Roosevelt Island tram floating by every so often is a nice touch as well. The furnishings and decor are very modern and stylish and the front desk is very helpful, they arranged a limousine service for us to get back to Newark Airport that was quite reasonable. Have a drink at the rooftop bar for amazing views. I really enjoyed the Upper East Side location. It was kind of nice to be away from all the glam, glitz and fast pace of Midtown. Explore the Upper East Side neighborhoods, there are very quaint and full of great bars and restaurants. For the money, you can't beat this hotel.	
Mar 28 2007 	Bentleys the Best	Having read some of the reviews on this site I have to admit I was a little worried, but after 5 great nights in the Bentley I should have not worried.The staff were very friendly and helpfull, the room was very clean and comfortable,not on the large size but with ampull room for 2 people.The hotel is situated in a good area although not central it is only a short walk to the subway,Central Park and 5th Avenue and you can soon be in the centre of the action within a couple of minutes.As somebody else has said there is a great diner just a block away that is open 24 hours that we used most of the 5 days we were there although I cannot remember the name, sorry.We ventured up to the resturant and bar on the top floor and although we did not have a meal we did have a drink and the view of the bridge at night was great.To round our stay off as we were checking out the porter recommened we use there limo back to the airport as it was only a couple of bucks more than the yellow taxis charge and it was a nice way to finish our 1st visit to the Big Apple.So to sum up----great hotel---great price---no smells in the lift----no smells from the petrol station round the corner----great staff.	
Mar 28 2007	great place to stay	we went to new york on febuary 24 this year and stayed at the bentley hotel. this was our first time to the states and we didn't really know what to expect. we were delighted with the hotel when we arrived. the reception staff were very friendly and helpful. sam the doorman was great and when asked for advice on anything he was always very obliging. the hotel has a 24 hour cappucino bar in the lobby (we would get a pastry from starbucks or one of the many bakeries and go back to the hotel for a late nite cuppa. there is a bar at the top of the hotel with a walk around veranda which gives amazing views. the hotel is decorated in neutral/natural colours throughout. they will arrange transport to the airport in one of their sedans which are more comfortable and cheaper than a yellow cab (tolls are included in the price but you still have to tip the driver). although a walk is needed to get to the main attractions, we didn'nt mind - let's face it you're never going to be close to everything you want to see. great little bar on 62nd and first ave called beckys - great food, friendly staff. tram ways diner on 60th and second great for breakfast. would go to this hotel again.	
Mar 27 2007 	Not a thing to complain about	Stayed in the Bentley for 5 nights at start of March and have to say it'd be hard to beat this hotel in terms of price and quality. The location was a bit removed from most attractions but it was well worth the cab fare for the views alone (even if you don't stay in the hotel you should go up to the bar on the top floor to take in the incredible view at night, it really sums up New York).Our room was clean, modern and spacious, and the staff were very helpful. Don't buy breakfast in the hotel, visit the Ritz diner and eaves drop on real new yorkers while enjoying a huge and reasonably priced breakfast.I have already reccommend this hotel to friends and would not hesitate to stay here again myself.	
Mar 6 2007 	Nice comfortable stay	I'd basically like to echo much of what was said below by grimnod1 - pretty much exactly how we judged the place too.Our room was very comfortable, with a great view over the East River and the Queensborough Bridge - be sure to ask for a room on the upper floors facing the river to make sure you get this.We didn't really see a problem with the lighting in the hallway and lifts (pardon the pun!) - if you can't find your way to the door and the key slot then get your eyes checked!The only other slight gripe would be that the walls were a little thin, with conversation and TV noise from next door being a little irritating. But if you're tired from your day of sightseeing then it shouldn't be enough to stop you from nodding off!All in all, it was a good value, good quality hotel for us, and we'd definitely consider staying there again on our next visit to the city.	
Feb 26 2007 	Great Place to Stay	My partner and I have stayed in this hotel twice and had a very good experience both times. The staff were very friendly, the rooms were clean and the restaurant was good (excellent views). It is basically very good value.We will be travelling to NYC in April and will be staying at the Bentley.	
Feb 24 2007	Would Stay again	The Bentley appears from the outside to have been an office block at one time and is situated over a petrol station. Don't let this description put you off though.The room we had was of a decent size with a great view over the East river and the 59th street bridge/cable car. It was clean and had air con, with a reasonable bathroom. The room was warm and comfortable even though it was freezing outside.The hotel is in a safe neighbourhood which is mainly residential. That being said it is only a minute's walk to 1st Avenue where you will find restaurants and diners for something to eat.(I recommend Ritz Diner for breakfast and Angels Italian restaurant for a nice evening meal.)I don't know if there are many no go areas anymore but we didn't feel intimidated at all when walking around. just use common sense.The previous reviews were correct the lift lights are very dim and you have to peer at the buttons to find your floor number.Not all rooms have safes and even if you request one it isn't guaranteed.The only down side is that the hotel is quite a walk to everything (central park is about 9 blocks, Times Square is about 20 blocks in total, etc) so we found it best to walk to our destination and taxi back. i suppose that is why it is so reasonably priced. We enjoyed our stay and would definitely stay again.	
Feb 23 2007 	Not the best	I stayed at that hotel for 4 days and was a bit scared of people comments about it. Well I was disappointed intead. The corridor come out of an horror movie. It is so dark that I had trouble to insert the key in the door. It was kind of funny. The area is not nice at all and I had a bad experience outside the hotel. Not to recommend for a woman on her own. I had a view on the garbage next to the animal hospital. Otherwise people were friendly and really helpful. A bad experience is always an experience but I won't go back to that hotel. I much prefer staying at the Central Park hotel.	
Feb 16 2007 	Okay but have stayed at better !	We stayed here from 25-29 January. The public areas of the hotel are nice as were the staff. The rooms were small (but fine for their purpose), however, there is very little storage - only a very small wardrobe and one draw - no bedside draws etc, so not much room to unpack for two people ! The mini-bar and snack tray is oversized when you consider the size of the room and instantly charge your room if you remove an item for longer than 20 seconds ! So nowhere to keep drinks cold.. Cleaning service etc was good, however, the shower always ran cold (icy) in the evenings, which was not great as it was very cold outside. On reporting this, we were told they had not heard of this problem before, but I've read this on previous reviews.. The rooftop restaurant and bar were good, but extremely overpriced - $70 for a salad, pasta dish and 2 soft drinks - we could get the same for $45 in Times Square. The hotel is just lacking a certain something - but is fine if you intend to be out most of the time and don't mind cold showers !	
Feb 15 2007 	great hotel and service will come back	We loved it. We stayed there 4 nights, large corner room, paid $295 a night, reserved through nychotels.com. great service, front desk person went out his way to make sure we were happy. we will be back soon.	
Feb 7 2007 	Great Hotel	It was my first visit to NYC and I couldn't have picked a better hotel to stay in. The staff were very friendly and helfpul and the rooms were immaculate. The hotel itself is very stylish and the rooftop restraunt has amazing views of the city. I would definatly stay here again and would most certainly recommend this hotel.	
Feb 3 2007 	good basic accommodation	The room was fine. Small but clean and in good condition. Everything worked. The hotel is in a bad location, on a busy corner. It is dark and the service is nothing special. Still it is a clean, basic accommodation.	
Feb 2 2007 	Will never stay here again	Arrived and unloaded bags then went out for dinner, came back and room was flooded room 809 toilet overflowed the whole room there was no manager on duty, of course they had no other rooms so the sent us to another hotel. I believe it was the ameritania, that hotel was very nice. Service at the Bentley was very bad and they are very cheap no lighting you can’t even see the buttons on the elevator, Do not ever stay there..	
Jan 31 2007 	Very decieving	Decieving....-Pleasant doormen &amp; bag carriers. Nice lobby.-&quot;Deluxe&quot; room much smaller than advertised &amp; featured no &quot;city or bridge view&quot; as promised.-Several interruptions during our stay. Inconsiderate staff.-Nothing &quot;deluxe&quot; about the televisions in the &quot;deluxe&quot; rooms.-Horrendous, stressful parking situation. Not helpful at all.Read on for details...The Lobby is nice and the doormen &amp; bag carriers even nicer. Very pleasant &amp; helpful. However, this was decieving... We were extremely disappointed when we got to our room. We booked a &quot;deluxe&quot; room based on the pictures they advertised on the website we were booking from. We paid for a &quot;deluxe&quot; room but there was nothing &quot;deluxe&quot; about it. I think if we ordered the standard room, it would have been the same- just cheaper. Deluxe rooms are supposed to feature beautiful views (higher floors), but we were put on the third floor facing an ugly building..no view at all. The website boasts that the rooms are &quot;over-sized&quot; but I would consider our &quot;deluxe&quot; room small. We were interupted many times during our stay... (3 to be exact)1. We had a room all the way in a corner tucked away from other rooms &amp; elevators etc. on the third floor, which we thought would be nice and quiet, but we were awakened several times. It seems that when the staff goes into the &quot;employees only&quot; staff doors all around the hotel (linen closets, electrical control closets, etc.) during the night and early morning when people are trying to sleep, they are unaware that slamming the doors can be very disturbing to the guests who are trying to relax. Other than that the hotel would have been quiet, but we just heard doors slam outside our room all night. There is nothing relaxing about that. The staff should be more considerate. 2. The night before, just as we were settling in, two repair men barged into our room (they didn't knock) , apologizing, saying they needed to fix the mini-bar (that we weren't going to use anyway due to the high priced, un-worthy items like a can of amstel light for $6, yes a can.) They spent about 15 minutes messing with it. 3. Then in the early morning we were woken up by several &quot;tests&quot; and alarms to the communication system. Someone with a thick accent came on the very loud Public Address System announcing something. We couldn't understand what he was saying (maybe because we were half asleep?) so we had to call the front desk to make sure there was no emergency. There wasn't, but after that several more announcements were made about 20 minutes apart (just as we would begin to fall back asleep, how pleasant.) Then an alarm. By the last interruption we just got out of bed and checked out of there. For a boutique-style hotel, there is nothing swanky or modern about the television in the deluxe rooms. It is completely out-dated, fuzzy and blurry. It gives you a headache looking at it. Overall the picture and sound quality is something I'd expect from a tv in a Motel. The parking situation is also a mess if you bring your car. We pulled up to the hotel &amp; they took our bags inside for us &amp; directed us to the parking lot on the opposite side of the entrance to the hotel. When we pulled in we were told to &quot;come back later&quot; because they were full. Full? I just want to check into my room &amp; I have to come back later because you're full? It took us 45 minutes from when we got there to actually get inside due to the parking situation. The front desk was no help. Our bags sat there in the lobby for 45 minutes while we waited outside in our car. The garage is small and cramped. The hotel should take care of the parking of your car when you arrive for the price we were paying to stay there, I've never seen anything like that. We're a young well-traveled couple in our mid-twenties. We have stayed at many hotels.. boutique, 5 star and all in between. This was no gem, I would never stay here again. Waste of money for what you get. I'd gladly stay at the comfort in before going back to the Bentley, which is really sad.Hope this helps...take it from us!!	
Jan 18 2007	Too out of the way and way too dark!	Was a bit disappointed with this hotel! it's in a pretty unappealing location, right at the foundations of the 59th Street Bridge. For a shorty like me, it was a good 15 mins to the nearest subway - which is fine during the day, but meant we were using taxis all the time at night. We were on the 9th floor and as most people have said, the corridors are really dark. I guess I'm just not a fan the modern look, as everything looked like &quot;office furniture&quot; to me. The bed was comfortable and everything was clean enough. Was very surprised on the first morning when I was told I had to run the hot water for about 10 mins before hot water came out! The coffee in the lobby was welcome and I can definitely recommend The Ritz Diner nearby. Next time, I'll go for a more central hotel but I guess if you like quiet, modern hotels, then this would be ok.	
Jan 17 2007	A Great Deal!	We stayed at the Bentley from January 11-15 for rates of $117, $117, $137, and $117 respectively. We also utilized the parking for $20 a day. Although there was no valet, this was great for us because we just wanted to park our car and leave it for the duration of our stay. We had a quick and easy check-in. When we entered our room, we realized that we had been upgraded from a standard room to a suite! We had a huge living room with a couch, chair, coffee table, desk, and television. Double glass doors lead to the bedroom which had a king size bed, chair and ottoman, television, and two walls of windows that stretched from the ceiling down to our knees! My husband figured out that all rooms ending in 07 and 08 (we stayed in 1108) are these larger suite rooms. Beautiful views of York Ave. and the Queensborough Bridge. The TVs are a bit outdated, but we didn't come to the city to watch tv. The walk to the subway is a good ten minutes, but again this did not bother us. We also noticed that the walls are a bit thin as we heard a crying baby. Finally, York Ave. is very busy and noisy. I would not have wanted to stay any closer to ground level than we were (11th floor) or the noise may have bothered us. Overall we had a great experience and would return without hesitation, especially if we could get similar rates.	
Jan 16 2007 	Never Again!!!!	I checked in everything was fine until I got to my room. The minute I opened the door it smelled like puke and had water stains throughout. within 5mins the front desk clerk called to see if everything was ok and to offer a complimentary upgrade. I though great! he had one of the bell boys (who acted like it was a bother) to show me 2 different rooms to choose from.20mins later they realize they put me in a non smoking room, I had to be switched again. with no help from the bell boy with my bags ,he just stared at me struggling with my bags and with a look like&quot;please hurry up&quot;.finally Im in the room, everything is fine. I decide hours later to go to go out come back, room key doesn't work at all. I had to get new keys. Still I didn't complain because I was in a good mood and to me it wasn't a big deal and I got a much bigger room for the same price. when I returned home and checked my account, they charged me again!!! I called and was told it would be checked into and asked me serveral times if I was sure. Of course I was sure I even called my bank before hand and was told the day and time it was taken out.The staff was no help and the managers even worse! bad attitude. finally the person who checked me in remembered me and I had the bank fax the hotel while I was on the phone with them to make sure they recieved it. They did and assured me it was going to be taken cared of right away. It wasn't !,when I called yet AGAIN, they denied they charged me again and said they never got the fax. Needless to say Im still waitng for my money and the fact that the staff with their couldn't careless attitudes and always have quick answers to brush you off is even more irratating than the whole experience.	
Jan 10 2007 	Still ok for the money! Great location. Nonchalant Staff!	Stayed at this hotel for two nights last week. Hotel is not as great as it was in the years past when we stayed in NYC. The staff has changed, more nonchalant than I remember. Front desk slow to respond to couple having heated argument about a cell phone at 2 a.m. on our floor, which kept everyone on the 10th floor awake for hours. Staff was not very friendly or helpful with directions to Newark Airport either. We booked for $101/night - standard room thru Orbitz. Good price for the location/room, but the quality of the hotel has definitely changed since our visits a few years ago. Bathroom could use a little tarnish remover and a good scrubbing around the tiles/caulking of tub. Toilet ran continuously during our stay. TVs are a bit outdated, but they get all the cable stations that you may want to see(albeit, who goes to NYC to watch tv???). Parking is limited in the underground parking lot (lot around corner from hotel on next one way street) that is run by a private parking company; $20 a pop --no valet! Not a bad walk over to 5th Ave/Park Ave. Good view of the skylift to Roosevelt Island. I would consider another stay if I could get the same type of rates.	
Jan 7 2007 	Very good better than expected.	This was a really good hotel and well worth the money in such a major City such as New York. The rooms were clean and views were great, beds were comfortable and rooms were spacious. Only problems were the walk to the mainstream of New York as it is 10-15 minute walk to central park and even further to times square, but that was not to much of a problem and i would stay there again and would recomend it to anyone who doesn't mind a bit of a walk.	
Jan 7 2007 	Not bad	Nice hotel, quite expensive, but that's NYC I guess ...The room was quite large and comfortable, with a nice view on the East River and on 1st avenue. Staff at reception desk was friendly and effective (though we could not get the room any sooner than the official 3 pm, i.e. 4 hours after we arrived). For breakfast, go to Ritz Diner, a typical new-yorker place on 1St avenue, not far from the hotel. Major drawback was the fact that it is not easy to access, and thus not ideally located. The metro is quite far (5th avenue), but you can take the bus on 2nd avenue.	
Jan 3 2007 	NOT recommended...	First of all the hotel is not even 2 stars. I am not sure how they got their star rating. The rooms are decent but not more than 2 star. I had to change 3 time to find something so it wasn't next to a noise elevator. I travel all over the world. This has been the worst experience I ever had. The hotel stuff (Mostly Indian and Russian)is possibly the worst I have ever seen. Very incompetent at best. They mixed up our reservations so bad that not even the general manager could fix it. They charged our credit card $1000 extra which has been a nightmare to get the money back. So I do NOT recommend it but If you have to stay here view your billing carefully.	
Dec 19 2006	fab hotel best bargain in NY	At first I was horrified that the hotel was right next to a gas station, but walking into the lobby I was suprised by how classy the hotel was. The views from the rooftop restaurant are amazing, and the 24 hour cappucino bar is definitely a plus. The rooms were spacious for NY, clean, and the view was great. I would definitley recommend this place, the only issues were that the water in the shower was lukewarm at best, and the room service was way overpriced- go to a nearby restaurant instead.	
Dec 1 2006	ok on the east s ide	Entire hotel coould use rehab. It would then have to increase tariff. Ask for wrap around big windows on corner. Almost directly under Roosevelt Tram- hotel at 63rd &amp; first. Check out several rooms first. 1st one I had had rusted shower and toilet water.60'3 type trying to be Ian Schrager type. Good staff. Restaurants 2 blocks. Ritz Greek 24 hour coffee shop on 2nd and 63rd.Good to be away from tourista around times square. Like Europe, no washcloths but you just ask. I paid $307. Large long room. Windows selling feature. A value if y ou like the east side. Forget the room service.	
Nov 27 2006 	Not Worth It!	NOT WORTH IT! It is all style (if you can call darkness and dusty decorations and continual air refresher style) without substance. Small room, thin walls (you can hear the people next door). Beds just okay. Very limited storage space. Uncomfortable chairs. Overall shoddy feel. Hot water in the morning, but none after that. Want a shower before dinner or before bed -- not going to happen. And the management refused to acknowledge a hot water problem. Want your room cleaned up so that you can clean up before dinner, or just rest. Not going to happen. Always out by 9AM but the room was never ready before 4PM and only after raising a fuss. One time they actual took the make up the room now sign off the front of the door, opened the door and put it inside and then left withourt cleaning the room. Then there was no soap left, no toilet paper, only one towel. There is more. Every day at least on one attempt to enter the room the key card didn't work and then it was down tot he lobby to get new card. And the desk could care less -- almost to the point of being nasty. This went on for FIVE days. Now I know why the online reservation required that you stay the full time booked or lose your money.	
Nov 15 2006 	Disappointed memories...	We stayed at the Bentley a few years ago and remembered a spacious designer corner room over-looking the East River. So we are returning customers.The feel of the hotel has not changed during the last six years.It is classified as 4 star. The lobby feels comfortable and artsy. Free coffee &amp; tea and newspapers are available 24/7. The passage ways are nicely decorated and clean.We stayed this time for five nights. Having booked a non-smoking room on-line (average of $300/night) we were somewhat disappointed to get a much smaller and even smoky room. Only because of the late hour and as we were tired, we accepted, but moved the next day to a similar smoke-free room.The room was much smaller then the one we had during our first stay, but it was functional. The window AC/heating unit has come to age and was a bit noisy. Beds were clean and comfortable, but there was no hot water one morning before 7 am, making a shower an adventure during this time of the year.We suggest that mangement should consider a general overhaul and will probably try another hotel when visiting NYC the next time.	
Nov 13 2006 	Trying a bit too hard to be hip	I liked this hotel, but it has some shortcomings it ought to address. While my corner room was fresh, spacious and nicely decorated in a contemporary style and had a comfortable bed, the three roman blinds covering the enormous glass windowed walls did not extend all the way down. They stopped 8 inches short of the window sills along two walls, creating a broad opening half way around the room, negating a sense of privacy. With apartment buildings across the way, this is an issue. The long, wide opening also made the room very bright in the early morning and sleeping beyond dawn difficult. One blind was broken and stayed permanently lowered, so that I could not lift it at all. The other two went up easily, giving me a beautiful view up and down First Avenue and with it a feeling of real delight in being back in New York.Whoever designed the elevators was trying too hard to be hip and lost sight of common sense. The cars are painted black inside and are ridiculously poorly lit. They have tiny low watt, recessed lights, one in each corner of the ceiling, making them very dark - especially at night - and making it hard to see the buttons to operate them. Hallways tend to be too dark as well and the vases hung on the walls seem to loom out of nowhere which is an odd feeling. If the halls were better lit, it would be easier to appreciate the smaller vases hung on each door with a single flower in them. Hip and dark at night clubs are one thing, but dark elevators and halls are not suitable for a hotel when travelers are often tired or jet lagged. Although The Bentley offers dinner room service, it does not offer breakfast, nor does it have coffee-makers in the room. Fortunately, the Ritz Diner is jast a block away for a very New York eating experience. It's fun, almost like being in a TV or movie set.The hotel seems to be popular with Europeans and is a comfortable walking distance to excellent shopping, restaurants and major hospitals.	
Oct 16 2006 	Great hotel	I stayed for three nights at The Bentley and had a great trouble-free stay. The hotel staff were curtious and were very helpful with anything I asked. I didn't get the view of the bridge but I guess that is just the luck of the draw and also attributed to the fact that I didn't request it!The room itself was spacious and clean. The bathroom was in very good condition and also very clean. Good water pressure and alway warm water. Spotless clean.. The location of the hotel is close to the East river. It took me about 15 minutes to walk to Central Park. The neighborhood is safe and there was very little noise from the streets. I would recommend this to others and would stay here again myself.	
Oct 12 2006 	Great Hotel	I had booked my stay for the Marcel Hotel but since they were having a plumbing problem, we've been moved to the Bentley. It's not so central as the Marcel but still in a walking distance to the central park or fifht avenue and in a much quiter zone. There is a bus stop in front of the hotel and a subway station two three quarter away. The room was great, large and fashion. Everything was always clean and the room service worked always perfectly. The bathroom was not very small and not to old. Only the shower was not so good. The staff was always pleasant and in the lobby there is a free capuccino and expresso machine. I really recomend this hotel.	
Oct 11 2006 	Disappointing	The room was a decent size with a spectacular view of the Queensboro bridge, however, there were a few problems. The only time there was hot water was first thing in the morning - at other times during the day and evening the water was at best lukewarm, hallways were very dark, I had requested a smoking room but was unable to get an ashtray, as my stay went on the supply of towels dwindled until I only had one bath towel left in the room, no hand towels or facecloths. The towels and sheets also smelled kind of funny - they were clean but didn't really smell clean. I had booked two deluxe rooms for a colleague and myself and my colleague's room was much smaller and didn't have a fridge and microwave. I know, some of this stuff is picky, but for a $300+ per night hotel (even in New York) the Bentley was disappointing. Would I stay here again? Only if I was desperate and couldn't find another hotel in Manhattan.	
Oct 10 2006 	GREAT HOTEL!!!!	For our first time in NYC we couldn't have picked a better hotel for the price. The location was good, not very central but if you don't mind walking a short distance through the beautiful streets of east side to the Subway then it’s perfect. The Bar on the 21st floor was great the staff wonderful and the views from the outside deck brilliant.All the staff were helpful, friendly and 100% accommodating, I would return to the Bentley in a shot!!!!!!!!	
Oct 6 2006 	It is definitely a 2 Star but nice and clean	We stayed at the Bentley Hotel for 5 nights. We had read all the reviews so requested rooms as high as we could get but we didn't arrive till 1030pm so there wasn't much going. The male receptionist, who was initially a little frosty but soon warmed up, gave us some rooms on the 4th floor, then moved us to the 7th floor.Our room was right across from the lifts but actually I never heard the lifts at all, or people in the corridor. The only unfortunate thing was we had an adjoining (locked) door to the next room and some mad scottish woman was in there who not only spoke loudly but smoked as well, so we had the smell coming through the adjoining door.When we had first arrived in the room it smelled very strongly of cleaning fluids, then as that wore off I realised we were in a smoking room but it wasn't too bad as we didn't spend too much time in our room really.The bathrooms were clean, plenty of clean towels left and the beds made every day. Our room overlooked the corner of East 62nd and 1st Ave and it seemed to be the thoroughfare for the bridge. The noise of the traffic itself is like a background hum which you soon get used to but the worse thing is the honking. I was awoken at 530am our first morning due to this and the worst of it goes on till about 930/1000am. (Rush Hour I guess, as at the weekend it was quieter)Nearest tube (Metro) station was only 5/6 diagonal blocks, taxies were easy to get right outside the hotel, Central Park was walking distance. Taxi Fare to Time Square was approx $12, Metro Fare $7 for all day travel. Be aware when travelling by taxi that you need to give yourself plenty of time due to traffic hold ups. We nearly missed the start of our Broadway Show.There are some decent restaurants and bars quite close to the Hotel, we discovered O'Flanaghans quite by accident and had an absolutely magnificent steak cooked to perfection, then a band came on at 11pm and we ended up staying till 2am, brilliant night. The lead singer of the band used to sing with FatBack Band, terrific music. The hallways are 'moody', the free coffee and tea in reception was very welcome, and the staff were helpful. The room we had was small but looking at some of the pictures on this site there are bigger, better rooms. I think it is just luck of the draw unless you have actually paid more for a 'deluxe' room.Would I stay there again, Mmmmm, I think I might pay the extra and go for a 3 or 4 star hotel but for backpackers and travellers on a budget this is just perfect.	
Oct 6 2006 	good deal for new york	Overall my experience was good. My boyfriend and I got a great last minute deal through expedia for $179.00 a night, and we booked the week before. I shoudl note that in New York, hotel prices aren't fixed so you could pay this much for one week and $900 a night another week. Bizarre. Anyway, the hotel is in a great location--62nd and York, right by the 59th Street Bridge. Though the area does not appear residential when you arrive, it is if you walk one block to 1st street, where there are tons of restaurants and stores (lots of pizza places to the south of the bridge). We loved walking most places. The nearest subway stop is a bit of a walk (10 minutes?), at 3rd and 59th (it's actually the Lexington and 59th street stop, but there is an entrance on third) and from there you can go just about anywhere. I like staying in this area because you get a real feel for new york. The hotel itself is modern looking and the staff are friendly. upon arrival, our bags were taken immediately, and we could check in right away at 2 pm. we were upgraded to a king sized bed from a queen. The room was a decent size with teeny tiny but nice bathroom. I was surprised by the lack of a safe--especially since there was a space for one, but when we asked the front desk, they told us that only about 20 rooms had safes. that bothered me, being in new york at what was designed to look like a fancy boutique hotel. We had to ask twice for towels when the shower sprayed outside teh curtain and soaked one, but otherwise the room was clean and comfortable and nice to stay in, though with a dimly lit bathroom. Also, the elevators and hallways were dimly lit--dark would almost be a better descrtiption--with a weird flower motif, but that's them trying to be trendy and it was more entertaining than anything else. Overall, i was very please staying in the area so inexpensively, this is the second time i've stayed, and i would definitely stay again. Good for people who want to see what it's like living in manhattan rather than staying downtown. (also, coffee and tea in lobby is great and if you take a cab from laguardia make sure to tell them to take the 59th street bridge)	
Oct 1 2006 	Enjoyed The Bentley	We stayed one night at the Bentley at the end of September. We arrived very early, and the staff member at the front desk immediately paged a bellhop to take our bag. When we came back later to check in, the bellhop promptly brought our bag up to our room. We saw what the other reviewers meant by &quot;dark hallways&quot; and &quot;dark elevators,&quot; but we thought it was kind of fun. Our room was surprisingly spacious for NYC, and it was very clean. The view was great as well - the Queensboro Bridge and East River were right in our view. The bed was clean and comfortable. The rooftop bar was not very crowded, but the service was very friendly and the view was terrific. The only negative is that it is a bit of a hike to the subway (10 mins) to get downtown, and there is not too much to do in the immediate vicinity. The area around the subway stop is bustling, however, and it's an easy walk to 5th avenue shopping, Central Park, etc.	
Sep 30 2006	Fab First Visit To NYC	This was our first trip to NYC, and did we have a great time.Hotel was FAB, lovely rooms and friendly staff.Was about 10 - 15 min walk to the nearest subway station but you could always spen 4 - 5 bucks on a cab.Rooms were very clean, quiet with lovely views over the Hudson and Queensbrough Bridge.Close to Central Park.Would recommend this hotel.	
Sep 18 2006 	Absolutely loved the Bentley	The Bentley Hotel is situated in a quiet neighbourhood about ten minutes walk from the 59th street subway, Bloomingdales and about twenty minutes to central park. The rooms are really big ( we had two double beds) and we hadn't asked for a superior room!! The view was absolutely spectacular- over the Queensboro bridge ( we had room 1603). The staff were very helpful and friendly and the hotel was of a very high standard and was unbelieveable value. I can't recommend this place enough- we got a good deal on expedia- 6 nights for just over £1000. The roof bar has the most amazing view over Manhattan. We would not stay anywhere else if we visit New York again...	
Sep 18 2006 	Great place to stay!	This was a great place to stay! We arrived at 9:00 am (check-in is at 3:00). They didn't have our room ready but said they had another one that had two double beds and we could have that one if we wanted (it was $20 more but they said they wouldn't charge us anything for the upgrade). We took the room and stayed there for three nights. The room was very clean, the staff were all very friendly, and the location was great! The rooftop restaurant has tasty food. It was neat being able to go outside and having an amazing view of Manhatten (especially at night). The hotel was about an $8 cab ride to Times Square, and a nice walk to Central Park, Bloomingdales, etc.I would stay there again in a second!	
Sep 13 2006 	Good price for New York.	Hi just recently stayed at The Bentley, Sept 6th-10th.The hotel downstairs was very clean and airy, and free coffee in lobby, nice touch.Bedrooms- we stayed on the 18th floor, and the views were excellent, but the room could do with a refurb in my opinion. Not enough hanging space also.Staff very nice and friendly, and the location in my opinion was very good, a 15 minute walk to Central Park and Fifth Avenue, away from all the hustle and bustle.Did not hear a thing from the gas station or animal hospital, air conditioning was noisy, just take ear plugs.	
Sep 12 2006 	Fantastic!!!	There's not too much more to say about the Bentley. Just read previous positive reviews about this wonderful hotel. A very clean, organized and well managed place to stay. Its staff is very amicable and they speak all the languages you want (mostly eastern european). They help you in all your needs (I had a special emergency and they did just great). The rooms are spacious and clean, TV with a wide variety of channels (most hotels have only the networks and a couple of &quot;basic&quot; channels but they have more) and wifi internet to make your business or pleasure trip to the big apple UNFORGETABLE!!!If I have to recommend a hotel in NYC, I just have 2 words in my mind: THE BENTLEY!	
Sep 10 2006 	Fantastic hotel - don't believe the negative comments!	My friend and I stayed at the hotel for 7 nights from September 1st. We loved the Bentley - we stayed in room 1909 with fantatstic views of the uptown part of the city. The room was spacious and extremely clean, 2 double beds which were so comfortable. We had no problems with the petrol station or the animal hospital/ambulance despatch like some people have listed - you have to remember it is New York after all, you cannot expect to have the place totally quiet. The staff were extremely friendly and went out of their way to help with any questions, getting taxis etc. The rooftop bar is fantastic and was a great way to start the evening off! The tea and coffee in the lobby was a nice touch also. The only TINY thing I could fault was the hanging space, not so much of it. All in all we had a fantastic stay here and we would definitely stay at the Bentley again.	
Sep 7 2006 	Once we got the right room it was great!	This being our first trip to new york (or the US for that matter), I did a lot of internet research to find the best hotel in our pricerange, and I finally chose the Bentley:1. TROUBLEWhen we got to the hotel, the staff asked us if we wanted a smokers or a non smokers room (although we had already booked a non smoking room). Turns out that the non-smoking rooms were all booked and we were offered to stay one night in a smokers room and then have a non-smoking room the next night. Actually, we told them that we would check the room out and then decide.The room smelled a lot like cleaning products, but not so much of smoke, so we agreed to stay there for one night. Although I wonder what would have happened if we had refused...?In the morning however, when the smell of cleaning products had disappeared, we could definately smell the smoke to the point that our clothes smelled of it. We notified the staff and they gave us another room when we were out that day. It worked out OK for us, but for someone sensitive to smoke, this is unacceptable.2. ROOMSWe had the chance to try out two rooms during our stay. The first one was on the ninth floor, facing the queensborough bridge, the other one was on the 17th floor, straight above the first room, but with an additional window towards the East River. My guess is that this window is there from floor 14 and above.We booked a deluxe room (since it was actually cheaper than the standard room at the time), but the first room we stayed in was probably a STANDARDroom. It had a microwave oven, a combined CD-player and alarm clock, a 20&quot; TV, a closet, an ironing board and possibly an flatiron. I guess the second room we got was a DELUXE room (not a suite!) because in addition to the standard room it had a flatiron, a fridge, a sink with faucet, a safe (great!) and a complimentary glossy magazine.Oh, and both rooms have air-conditioning with on/off switch, hot or cold air. It's a bit noisy, but it does the job.Otherwise, both rooms are clean, the furniture is stylish and comfortable, the bathroom is clean too and from what I understand above NY standard.3. SERVICEThere are always staff in the Lobby, and they're alwas helpful and nice. The rooms were cleaned every day. The library in the stylish lobby offers free newspapers and tourist information, and there is a self-service coffee bar where you can get regular tea or coffee, espresso, cappucino, different varieties of decaf and so on from a machine with fresh coffee beans and fresh milk. It's nice to have a cup when you come home from an exhausting day of sightseeing. We visited the rooftop bar only during daytime, but the view was stunning.4. LOCATIONIf you're used to walking, like we are, walking to central park is easy (even if it's hot out) and takes about 10 mins if you walk slowly. The hotel is close to bloomingdales and other shopping on Lexington ave (where there's also a subway station). The blocks around 58th street / 1st ave have a lot of good restaurants and a couple of cool shops, inluding Terence Conran. The neighbouhood is otherwise pretty quiet, and an extra bonus is sitting in your hotel room watching boats pass by!	
Sep 5 2006 	Average hotel	We had booked online thru Expedia without any problems. The hotel does not look attractive from the outside, its sited above a gas station and was dirty . Inside the lobby was airy and clean and the staff were welcoming. I did not get the upgraded room so had to stay in a standard queen size room, the bed was comfortable but generally although the room was clean it could do with some renovation, the stand alone aircon unit was noisy and inefficient so I was glad not to be there in a really humid period. No mini bar or safe. Street noise was not a problem. The lifts and corridors are very dark and murkey although some might call it mood lighting.On the 21st floor there is a bar and restaurant with fantastic views, don't bother to eat there unless you love burgers &amp;fries.Within a block there are some great places to eat at very resonable prices. Subway stations are a good 10-15 minutes walk away.	
Sep 1 2006 	absolutely brilliant!!!!!	we stayed here for 4 nights in august 2006 and it was great!! the hotel staff were extremely friendly and helpful. we arrived at 2.30pm and although you cant officially book in till 3pm they said our room was ready, sadly when we went up it wasnt but after a quick phone call to reception we were immediately upgraded to a king size room with a fantastic view of the queensborough bridge. the rooms were very very clean and comfortable and always made up when we got back from sightseeing. the hotel is situated in an area away from most of the hustle and bustle of new york but it really is a short walk into the centre. we walked everywhere without any problems (apart from the incessant rain!!!) we wouldnt have seen half the sights we saw if we had stayed in say times square, walking down madison avenue on a sunday afternoon with it all closed off for a street market was fantastic!! the diners in the area were great for breakfast, try ritz diner or the baker street bar (cocktail with tom cruise was filmed here when it was tgi fridays!!) angels italian restaurant was also great value and fantastic food!!!, wine is a bit pricey in new york generally but not by much. all in all it was just a fab holiday and new york is a fab place, we would definitely stay here again	
Aug 29 2006 	Misleading websites	We stayed at the Bentley for 7 nights. We had requested a high floor which we knew couldn't be guarenteed but after reading several websites that commented on how wonderful the views were, we thought they'd be better higher up! The room we were given was on the 5th floor and looked out at the building across the road -not the wonderful city or river view we expected. We spoke to the reception desk who passed us straight to the manager who was great. They empathised and said although they couldn't change us that night, it would be possible the next day. All we had to do was leave our packed luggage in the room and it would be taken to our new room which would be ready for us on our return from our day out. The new room was on the 17th floor and overlooked the Queensboro bridge with views down the river -that night we sat and watched the thunderstorm over Queens, it was so much better!! The new room was also one of the bigger rooms although the size of the other was nothing to complain about. The larger rooms have king size beds compared to queen/double in the others. The larger rooms also have an in-room safe which the others didn't have. There was a sign on the reception desk that said if you booked with one certain website they upgraded you automatically and just to have the inroom safe would make it worth it.The only thing we would comment on is there isn't much wardrobe space in the rooms but we coped fine!The views from the bar at the top of the hotel are wonderful and you can take your drinks outside to get a better view -very romantic!In response to some of the other reviews -the halls aren't dark, they have 'mood lighting' ! The ice machine is down steps between floors 1 and 2 which isn't ideal but isn't a problem at all. The free coffee is in a room off the lobby and is a machine which if you need coffee in a morning on your way out or something on your way in after a long day, is great.The staff were all very friendly and helped us with all our questions and queries about the area.The hotel is 'out of town' but absolutely fine if you don't mind walking -we walked everywhere! There is a bus stop around the corner and the subway is about 4 blocks away.Yes the hotel is next to a petrol station and the animal hospital but we were never bothered by either of them.There is a great diner just a couple of blocks from the hotel that stays open 24hours and has cheap lunchtime meals -highly recommended! We would definately go back and stay at the Bentley again -a great, comfortable hotel which saved us a whole load of money just by us being willing to walk into the centre of the city instead of staying there!We would certainly recommend it -just don't expect the promised views!!	
Aug 16 2006 	very nice but far from the subway	very modern, large size rooms, clean bathroom, we enjoyed very much our stay!	
Aug 11 2006 	Fine hotel fine stay	This hotel is fine. We stayed here as a family, hubby, wife &amp; 9yr old. We checked the reviews before our travel &amp; were a bit anxious, but for no reason. Yes the hallways &amp; lift is dark, but that's just sexy lighting that doesn't work. Location is not good if you want to be in the middle of a busy manhattern, but very good if you want to escape the bussle of the city after a day out within a short cab ride. We asked for a high room that overlooked the bridge &amp; got it without a problem. Forget buses, trams &amp; subway, the taxis are $7 everywhere you seem to go, including 5th Ave, Times Sq, central park - what more do you want? They are very easy to flag down too. Ritzes dinner does good food, there's a pizza place around the corner + liquer store for us alcholics that don't want to pay hotel prices. Great views &amp; we would definately stay there again.	
Aug 11 2006 	Very happy with our stay	We arrived at the Bentley Hotel before 3pm and, as expected, our room was not ready yet but the pleasant staff was happy to hold our bags for us as we headed on out for a lunch and a brief tour of the area.Upon our return, we received the keys to our room and scooted on up to the 8th floor. As many people have mentioned in their reviews, the hallways are dark. This is the ambiance that the hotel is going for but even we, a creative couple in our late 20's, found it too dark to even read our room number. Alas, we found our room and were pleased. Super clean, modern and a nice view of the Queensboro Bridge. Great room size and the air conditioning worked well to cool us off in the +100F heat. The shower temperature and pressure were great.When we returned from exploring the city every night, our room was always nicely cleaned up for us. New hand and body towels, new soap and shampoo... however, our face cloth was never replaced after the first day (not that we really cared!)The other minor inconvenience we had was that our key cards suddenly stopped working on the 5th day. No idea why, but we went down to the front desk and they apologized but fixed the problem.All in all, the front desk staff were always pleasant and the valet/front door men were always happy and smiling.Many of you say that the location is too far from everything, however you can hop on the M31 bus and it will take you into the hub of things. New York is best seen on foot, I think anyway. Tons of great restaurants (and a comedy club) are easily within walking distance. We found the Ritz Diner to be very convenient and open 24 hours, with an ATM as well.The rooftop terrace and restaurant were quite nice. Good cocktails and the service was prompt. We had dinner one night and the food was quite good (try the steak) at a reasonable price.The rooftop terrace had great views but be careful walking on the planks... they were very rickety. We also found that a lot of the furniture in the lobby and the rooms (side tables, chairs, couches in the lobby) were a bit worn and could use an upgrade but were still in presentable shape.We found the hotel very quiet at night in our rooms (no noise from other rooms.) The snack and drink machines were always sparse when we had late night munchies but the Mobil station just on the corner proved a better replacement anyway. Unlike some other reviews, we did not find the ambluance dispatch center to be a nuisance at all.All in all, this hotel suited our needs perfectly and we had a great stay. Would recommend it and consider staying here again for sure.	
Aug 1 2006	Many Problems- Good luck staying here	I would not stay at the bentley hotel again due to the following issues:1. Ran out of wash clothes and could not provide anymore until the next day.2. Room was not cleaned until I finally requested it around 5:00pm.3. Hallway too dark4. Ice Maker was located in the stair case 1 floor down in an unsafe area 5. Manager could care less about complaints and really did not want to be bothered.	
Jul 24 2006 	Budget hotel that didn’t look like a budget hotel	We had a pleasant stay in a clean, spacious room with large window. The hotel is located in a quiet upscale residential neighborhood. Bus #31 stops right by the hotel. The metro station is a bit far, 6 long blocks with slight uphill (bus #31 doesn’t go that direction), but you’ll have to go to that area to find food. Tiring walk in heat/rain/cold or after a whole day of excursion.Our room was on 3rd floor facing a busy street, and there's an ambulance dispatch center next door, so it got quite noisy with honking and sirens sometimes. I was too tired to be bothered by it, but light sleepers will probably suffer.I’d recommend you go have a drink one night on the roof top bar. It's quiet and the view of the city and Queensboro Bridge is beautiful.This is a budget hotel (in NY standard) that looked upscale. Would I stay there again? Maybe. I will look for one in a more convenient location first.	
Jul 17 2006	We enjoyed our stay!	My boyfriend and I chose The Bentley because we were on a budget for this vacation. I was very happy with our choice. The lobby was welcoming to me, and I loved the contemporary feel of the hotel. Our room was very clean and had everything we needed. We did have a problem dialing out of our hotel room one night but the hotel staff were very polite, friendly and helpful. They solved the problem immediately. We loved having evening drinks at the rooftop lounge with a beautiful view of the Queensboro bridge. The parking was on location and was only $20 a day. (Which is good for NYC) The hotel is in a quieter section of NYC about 7 blocks from Central Park. I would definately recommend this hotel to anyone who is traveling on a budget, we were very happy and would go there again.	
Jun 22 2006	Great Hotel	This is the 2nd time I've stayed at the Bentley and again it was brilliant. Stayed in room 1105, Yes the air conditioning is a bit noisy but works well., the room was a great size and house keeping was tooa great standard.The hotel is on east 62nd street so isn't right in the middel of things but the neighbourhood is gorgeous with plenty of resturants and shops. Bloomingdales is only a couple of blocks away. And a tax ride to the otherside of Manhattan was only $8.I stayed in the hotel for 9 days and don't have a bad word to say about it and for the rates this hotel is a gem	
Jun 17 2006	Bentley is best	We stayed at the Bentley for 5 nights in January and it was fantastic. The room (1706) was huge with 2 televisions (one in the lounge area and one in the bedroom). Staff were friendly and helpful and our room was spotless and cleaned daily with fresh towels. The bed was really comfy and there was plenty of room for storing all of our shopping! The only downside was that the restaurant was closed during our stay but there are so many lovely places to eat nearby that we didn't really notice. Try Serendipity 3 on East 60th street - only 5 minutes walk away. The Ritz diner just up the road was also brilliant for breakfast. Bloomingdales is only minutes away and Central Park/5th Avenue within 10-15mins walk. All in all a brilliant hotel in a great location and I can't wait to go back.	
Jun 8 2006	Great Hotel	Just got back at the weekend from a four night stay at the Bentley (June 06). Our twin bedded room was number 1806, in the centre of the building. It was a good size with large windows and an excellent view from the 18th Floor facing York Avenue. Both the bedroom and bathroom were spotlessly clean and cleaned every day with fresh towels. Staff were friendly and there when you needed them but otherwise left you alone. Check in and check out was very quick and hassle free. Sometimes the lobby is full of school/travel groups but they were not there for long. The lifts were very slow to arrive on the ground floor especially if the third one was being reserved for staff only which made things very difficult on occasion.Yes lighting is dim in the hallway and lifts but so what.The airconditioning in our room was very noisy (possibly left over from the building's days as an office block?). We turned it off at night. Could sometimes hear noise from other rooms especially where we had an interconnecting door but it didn't go on late and we could only hear it near the window.Bring a face cloth with you as only one provided for the room. We brought a travel kettle as coffee available from the lobby which is fine when you are returning from a day out but not good for first thing in the morning.The walk of 7 blocks to Central Park is a nice one and not too far. Cabs are cheap to anywhere touristy and it is nice to stay in a hotel in a quieter, residential area. We had breakfast every morning at the Ritz Dinner which is on 1st Avenue one block up 62nd street directly from the Hotel. Very convenient. Go after 9am when the rush is over. Lots of places to eat on 1st and 2nd Avenues. We didn't eat or drink at the restaurant but the view was amazing and it seemed a very relaxing place to spend an evening.I would definately stay at the Bentley again. I loved it and wish I was there still.	
Jun 5 2006 	Great Hotel- silence is golden!	I am in NYC minimum once a month, and this is one of the better hotels I have experienced.I am fed up with huge, bland, busy and noisy places downtown or in the horrible madness that is midtown, so this place was a nice change.King sized bed- large room for NYC. Beautifully presented- nice linens (not some ghastly floral print bedsheets from the 70's like in some places), and the marble bathroom was nice too.HUGE windows- with in my case a partial view (due to it being a lower floor) of the east river and the 59th st bridge.Aircon was good (hot weekend) - and anyone who cant work out that the aircon controls are under a little flap on the unit shouldnt be allowed out in public unsupervised!!!!The lighting in the elevators, halls and rooms is fantastic. Makes a very refreshing change to have some easy on the eye soft lights instead of some stupidly bright strip lights blaring down on you.The absolute best thing about this hotel is it is QUIET.Its not in midtown- so its not noisy. Low traffic noise, thick windows and it seemed to attract a quieter class of customer. I slept like a log, and was not woken once- which -( if youve never stayed in manhattan before you will have to trust me on this)- is a luxury.Its a quiet more residential area- but a cab to tourist things is not much.Its exactly 7 blocks crosstown to Central park for your early morning run, which is nothing. 5 maybe 10 mins walk if you are slow. 5 crosstown blocks to bloomingdales and to the F train.Its an excellent location-I find the upper east side is classier and quieter.See my pictures- taken from the 7th floor (room 701)- the view is better from the higher floors, and make sure you visit the bar or restaurant on the 21st floor. The terrace on the bar is great- as are the views of the bridge and river.Cheaper, quieter and classier than the majority of hotels in manhattan. I will be staying here again for sure.	
Jun 4 2006	It was ok nothing special - not for sharing!	I went on a school trip to NY with some of my friends and other students, 30 of us altogether. We arrived, I thought it looked quite posh outside, nice building. You walk in, its nice and cool with the air conditioning, theres free coffe and chairs to sit on.The lifts werent very good, they were very slow so my firends and I (who were sharing a room) decided to take the stairs, carrying a heavy case up 8 flights of stairs was a bit tiring, but not bad. The corodoors were dark too, hardly any lighting. I used the keycard to get in to the room, the first thing I thought was &quot;small&quot; - I walked in and there were only two double beds, we expected singles or bunks - 4 teenage boys sharing 2 double beds - not good.We did complain but there was nothing they could do, it was all pre-booked by the school. they offered us more quilts and things to make us more comfortable which was good. We all had metrocards to take the subway and buses, the subway isnt too far away - ask for directions, we had a tour guide.Overall - probably great if you are a couple of know what you've ordered, bad if you are a student going with a group or something - but it turned out to be a nice place in the end. Email me if you want to ask something	
May 20 2006 	Hated this hotel!	There was no heat in my room, no dial tone on the phone, the alarm clock wouldn't allow me to change the wake-up time, and the remote for the television only scrolled down - nothing else! I know these sound like small things, but that's what counts alot! And to top it off, the attitude of the hotel staff was less than friendly and helpful, as they would not do anything to help smooth things over, ie.reduce the amount of the bill. I would not stay here again, nor recommend this place to anyone.	
May 15 2006	Almost Perfect	I had arrived at the bentley around 10:30 p.m. really worried that i was going to get a bad room, but was quite suprised to find a spacious, clean (spotless), modern, simple and elegent room. I booked a delux room. The huge mirror infront of the bed was a bonus ;). The view of the bridge was amazing. They gave me plenty of towels, more than i needed. I would say the best thing in the room was my king size bed, my body melted right into it that i found it hard to get up in the mornings. The spotless white linens were so comfy. The marble bathroom was a perfect size for NY. The ceiling was really high. I personally loved it because it was on the upper east side and was in a quite area. If you're looking to be around the times square area and do the tourist thing, then you're looking to spend a little more cab money. The only disadvantage i would say is that the walls are pretty thin, i could hear my neighbours blabbing the night away. I could hear the elevators and the people in the hallway too. But it is NY and i thought it was a minor set back. Oh, and some people complained that the elevator and hallway was pitch dark, but i thought it was sexy, it goes with the whole vibe of the place. All in all i was very pleased, the staff was friendly, and the room was just right.	
May 12 2006	Not bad for the price but not great	Reasons why the hotel didn't get a lower score:1. Friendly and helpful staff, A+2. Rooms were very clean3. Keen prices4. Nice views if you're in the right roomsReasons why the hotel didn't get a higher score:1. Air conditioning is basically ineffective and very very noisy2. Rooftop bar rarely seemed to be open3. Showers only ok - hot water sometimes a problem4. Bathrooms quite dated and dark5. Although lobby is nicely decorated - rest of hotel is miles behind.6. The dark7. Reasonable location but still a distance from subways8. First room we stayed in before complaining was quite tatty and shower was very weak.Staff nicely upgraded us to a suite (from what I can determine was a slightly larger room with more windows). On consideration wouldn't stay in the Bentley again - it certainly wasn't a 'find', but didn't have any negative effect on our trip to nyc. I'm sure there are many worse hotels in the city.	
Apr 29 2006	Almost a boutique hotel but not quite	I would actually prefer to be able to give a 3.5, but since that isn't an option, I will round up. For the price point, I feel that The Bentley is an exceptional value and offers a good choice for travelers, however, it misses the mark in the quest to be a boutique hotel on a number of levels. Stayed there April 24-27, 2006, as part of a group tour, so I had no control over the booking or honestly, I wouldn't have picked the hotel due to the terrible location for tourists. There is no easy way to get anywhere from The Bentley other than a taxi--the good news is that taxy rides to anywhere that a tourist wants to go are fairly cheap. We came home from the Empire State Building, for example, for about $10, and Times Square for less than that. The nearest subway stations are about 10-15 minute walks uphill. Not for the faint of heart or for those without some good walking shoes.Enough about that, though. The hotel itself. The lobby is lovely. Very spacious and welcoming with plenty of seating and a nice alcove off to the left. The staff was very gracious and freindly at all times and more than happy to help when we needed cabs or help with luggage, etc. No complaints there. The espresso bar is a nice touch, but it doesn't open until 11 a.m, which is ridiculous since they don't have any type of coffee service available in the rooms, either, and there is no market or cafe close by. First strike against The Bentley.The elevators are incredibly dark to the point one has to squint to see the buttons. I don't think this is a particularly safe choice when you think about being crowded in there with a bunch of strangers, but I was willing to overlook this. However, I wasn't so willing to overlook the baffling choice to use one of the elevators as a service elevator first thing in the morning, which put it totally out of commission for the guests. This left the guests with only two elevators. That might have sufficed under normal conditions, however, one of those was not working, so the guests were left with one elevator during the busiest time of the day. Inexcusable. This was remedied by the evening and not a problem during the rest of our stay.The halls on some floors were very dark--the second one especially, but most of the upper floors that I visited were better lit, although none were glaring. The rooms were exceptionally clean and well appointed for the price point. My room was 1410. It had two double bed, a small console with drawers for the television and two very comfortable chairs separated by a small table (with the ice bucket and glasses) beside the large window. The windows had Roman shades that were easy to operate. I had a view of the river and bridge and was high enough to hear only the most strident of horns and street traffic. The highway noise was not a problem, nor was the construction going on next door. The lighting was inadequate in my room over the chairs, but other rooms had a hanging fixture in that area. There was a small closet with wooden hangers and an iron and ironing board. The ironing board was literally wedged in and it took me several minutes to remove it from above the clothes bar. It was missing one of the rubber foot protectors and I was lucky not to gash my hand. A simple ironing board hanger on the back of the closet would have done wonders. There was no place to store a large suitcase at all. The closet was too small and no valet of any sort was provided. Strike two. I had to leave my case in a pile in the floor for the stay. Had there been more than one in the room, this would have been very cumbersome. The drawer space was inadequate to unpack for a four-day stay. There was no safe and none available at the front desk. Only rooms from the 18th floor and up have safes. Strike three.The bathroom was marble and had an assortment of Gilchrist and Soames toiletries and such. There was a hairdryer as well. What was missing, though, was more telling. There was only ONE washcloth. For a double room that could concievably sleep four people. I thought that was odd, but little did I know it was also a fluke. For the rest of my stay there were NO washclothes delivered. None. Zero. I washed my face using one of the two hand towels provided. There were only three bath towels. Again, supposed four people were there (and some in our group did have four in a room). Strike four.The linens on the bed were lovely and the beds were comfortable. The CD player and clock were handy to have bedside, but the table was very small and space was limited. I had to move the phone in order to put my things on the nightstand. The console/bureau was not positioned in front of the mirror, so if there was more than one person trying to get ready in the morning, there would have been a problem. The plugs were in odd places, too. You have to look for them. In some rooms they are non existant.The maid service was good to a point--my robe was folded each day, but my wet towels were left hanging on the bathroom door? It was like they didn't quite have the script down pat. Strike five.The Penthouse restaurant is gorgeous and I suggest that you go up and spend time there. The views are magnificent. The food service is slow, but the food was decent. Rooms on the ends of the hotel are larger than those in the middle--if you get a room ending in 06, expect it to be more narrow and lacking a &quot;real&quot; closet. Those have wardrobes instead. Rooms ending in 10 or 03 are good sized.Any calls using the phone, even with a calling card, are $1.00, which is not atypical in NYC, but not mentioned on their phone anyhere, either. I would stay at the Bentley again, despite the strikes--they were minor in the overall scheme and for the price, you can't beat it. If they fixed the small things, then the hotel would be an outstanding value in New York...well, if they moved a subway station down to York or 1st Ave., too.	
Apr 25 2006	Very few complaints	I stayed at the Bentley last August and have to say that I was generally very impressed. The decor was great and the atmosphere was just what I had expected from the photos. The twim room was quite small but the a/c and hot water worked perfectly and the beds were very comfortable. I can't say I was aware of any noise from outside or from adjacent rooms, nor did it cross my mind that the halls were dimly lit as per some of the other reviews! The only slight negatives I had were that there was very little storage space so we couldn't properly unpack and had to live partly out of the suitcase, and I was also slightly annoyed that there were no safes or safety deposit boxes available at all. Lastly when we checked out they tried to charge us for a movie that we didn't watch or couldn't have even ordered by accident given timings - but it was only when we challenged this that the staff differed from their usual friendly and helpful demeanour, and eventually they did take it off the bill.All in all I would definitely recommend it - these were just slight niggles in an otherwise brilliant stay.	
Apr 24 2006	Loved the Bently - would definitely go back!	My Mum &amp; I stayed in the Bentley Hotel from the 4-7 March 06 and enjoyed every minute of it. Before we went I had read some mixed reviews on the Bentley from this website so we didn't know what to expect. On arrival, check-in was prompt and we were in our room within 10 minutes. The Reception staff were very friendly and helpful. Once in our room (which was spacious) we were delighted to note that it was very clean, and the bathroom was all marble and again, spotless with a good vanity unit and hairdryer. We had 2 double beds, a table &amp; chairs, a good dressing table, ironing board (not that I used it!), cd player, TV and plenty of wardrobe space. We were on the 14th floor and had a great view overlooking the East River and the Queensborough bridge. The location on the Upper East Side was perfect. It was a 5 minute walk to Bloomingdales and about 15 mins to the Plaza Hotel on 5th Ave. From there it was a great stroll along to the other tourist attractions. If you dont' mind a bit of a walk then this hotel is excellent and with being in a residential type area, the walk up to 5th Ave was interesting. The only downside was that the hotel restaurant &amp; bar was being refurbished during our stay but was to re-open on 20th March. There were some good eating places only a couple of blocks away though. I will never think twice about booking into this hotel again, it will always be my first choice in New York.Book this hotel, you would be a fool not too:)Donna of Cheshire.	
Apr 18 2006	Loved the Bentley	I stayed at the Bentley Hotel and found the lobby very inviting. The room was spacious and when I booked on their website, I received an upgrade which was an excellent perk.	
Apr 15 2006	Terrible experience	If you stay in this hotel, you will need to take several items along: A flashlight, since there is very little lighting. In the elevator, it is so dark you can't see the buttons to push. Take a can of sterno to heat the water since there seems to be a lack of hot water. Take washcloths since you will only be issued one per day for a family of 3. Be prepared to beg daily for them. It is right on F.D.R. Drive, which is a major construction zone 24 hours a day. Don't worry about the noise if you use the air conditioning which sounds like a hippo with a stomach ailment. The decor is very depressing, so be sure and take your antidepressant medicine. The only thing good about this place is the doorman. They are very nice. I guess they felt sorry for us being there.	
Apr 7 2006	Terrible!!	Stayed at the Bentley for 3 nights in April. The air conditioning in the room did not work and the register was noisy and sounded like it would give out any minute. The room at all times was very very hot and stuffy.No hot water first morning; they did deduct 20% from the room rate. While the location was convenient, it was not a good experience at all.	
Mar 28 2006	Great Value Super staff.	Ah....Christmas shopping in New York. Lots of crowds, pushing and shoving but there is nothing quite like it.Nice to have a quiet little spot like the Bentley to retire to after a long day. Rooms were most adequate and view was very good. Nice rooftop lounge but no restuarant. Staff very helpful. Cab necessary to most sites of interest to us. Good experience overall.	
Mar 24 2006 	Don't get stuck on a low flloor	I read the review that complained about the dark hallways and then read where another person said they didn't know what they were talking about. Maybe it is different on different floors, but as soon as I stepped out of the elevator, I knew exactly what the first person was talking about! The hallways are lit more like a nightclub than a hotel. I have good eyesight and I had to strain to see the room numbers. It's not a reason not to stay here, but the halls are unusually dark for a hotel.On the other hand, at night my third floor room might have been brighter than the hallways. That was because there were bright lights coming from the windows of an adjacent building (or section of the building) and the curtain was not quite large enough. The top half of the bed was getting so much light that I ended up sleeping nearly horizontally (king size bed) to avoid it. It was also a little noisy, but it wasn't all that bad. Some of the wood furniture had the finish worn off of it in places, so don't expect anything especially posh.On the plus side:- the room seemed clean- the heat was fine- the bed was fine- the shower was great (lots of hot water)- there was wifi service ($9.95 per 24 hours)I read that you can sometimes get these rooms for $99 on a weekend. If so, that would be a bargain. I paid almost $200 a night and at that rate, I probably wouldn't reserve unless I could get them to guarantee a higher floor. I should say that a whole bus full of people had arrived just prior to me and the desk clerk apologized for not having a room on a higher floor. My room was supposed to be a deluxe, but perhaps that wasn't what I actually got.	
Mar 24 2006	great deal	Much better Hotel than I expected, I was given a very large king room at no extra charge. Very modern decor and very very clean. Check the restaurant too with awesome views of the whole city. Ask for room 2004 for the views !!	
Mar 22 2006	Awesome hotel awesome price!	We stayed one night at the Bentley; I wasn't sure what to expect, given some reviews I'd read. The staff was extremely helpful and friendly: they upgraded us, free of charge, to a room with a view of the river; they held our bags till midnight (!); they let us check in early and check out late without charge. On top of that, parking was convenient and fairly inexpensive (for NY): $20 for the whole stay, Sunday noon thru Monday midnight.The rooms were super clean; the beds, super comfy; the bathrooms were spotless, lovely, and large, with nice toiletries to boot! The room itself was pretty big, and the blinds kept all the light out, so we were in utter darkness in the middle of the city. I didn't notice any excessive noise, from inside or outside the hotel. The shower water was hot and the pressure was great. The halls were a bit dark-- obviously for 'atmosphere'- with neat light fixtures. One recommendation would be that the hotel consider putting accent lights under the room numbers; it was hard to see.It was a bit of a chilly walk to some big sites, but near to lots of nice restaurants; we loved The Cabana (Cuban food) at 61st and 3rd. I used to travel for my job, and still attend many conferences, so I've seen lots of hotels in lots of places, but for the money, this is near the top of my list. It certainly beats the last place I stayed, which was the Manchester Grand Hyatt in San Diego!!Overall, excellent, inexpensive, friendly, convenient! It was our first trip to NYC, and we will certainly be back, and staying at the Bentley!	
Mar 15 2006	Much better than I expected from reading the reviews.	Like some other guests, I was a little worried about the Bentley, having read some of the reviews. The hotel itself is actually nicely decorated and with comfortable and spacious common areas, like the lobby with coffee available. Our room was very clean and maintained daily, with comfortable beds. The area is fine, in fact there is a nice neoghbourhood just up the road with good diners and restaurants. The only down side is the distance from downtown, but so long as you are aware and happy with this, there's no problem.	
Mar 14 2006	Thumbs up for The Bentley	New York City: The Bentley Hotel. Date: March 13th 2006Reviewer: Trip advisor member Scotland UKWe have just returned from a 4 day shopping trip to NYC and a stay at the Bentley &amp; stayed in 1703 &amp; 1709. I have to say that after reading some of the reviews I was a wee bit concerned but we had a lovely stay. The animal hospital was there, yes, but it didn't infringe on the hotel or our stay AT ALL &amp; the gas station was on the other side but again NO negative impact ( in fact quite handy for late night snacks to go along with the free tea &amp; coffee that was always available from the library!!)The rooms are immaculate &amp; ALL of the staff are so friendly &amp; willing to help you get the most from your stay. Ask Sam or Adda at the door for help, they were fab!! The complimentary body lotion is lovely, you should try some. Plenty of fresh towels every day!The location was nice, we felt safe walking at night &amp; on exploring did get a taste of some real New York living. However, I would say that it is quite a way into the centre of the action ( Times Square etc) and if you are not fully fit &amp; able for a good 30 minute walk each way then you need to use the cabs ( about $10 including the tip) as even the nearest subway was about 10-15 minutes walk. My only negative would be the sound proofing of the rooms.This could be improved a little as we could sometimes hear TV &amp; things from next door but we could have had a deaf neighbour &amp; this was not through the night or anything!! Also shame that the roof top restaurant was still closed but you MUST try the Ritz diner just up the hill for breakfast.Most importantly, would we return to the Bentley? Yes!!	
Mar 14 2006	Very Disappointed	I'm hoping the Bentley is a work in process. The descriptions and pictures on the web are very misleading. The elevators &amp; hallways are so dark it would be advisable to bring a flashlight. The &quot;air conditioning&quot; is actually a heater. Maybe I should have known this, but growing up in the south, a/c means the air coming out of the vent is cooler than the air in the room. The windows don't even open which could have greatly improved the comfort level in the room. There is no roomservice or inhouse restaurant which means no late night, or early morning snacks without leaving the hotel. The lobby consists of a couple of couches and a coffee pot. We were disappointed to the point of checking out and losing 2 days prepaid hotel fees.	
Mar 12 2006 	No free breakfast or wi-fi; coffee bar serves lowfat milk; onsite gas station	There hasn't been a &quot;free&quot; breakfast for two years...according to the front desk staff when asked; the restaurant was closed for renovations. No &quot;free&quot; wi-fi internet access. No exercise facility onsite; there is a gas station right next to the hotel with coffee; water etc. The 24 hour coffee did not include &quot;cream&quot; only lowfat milk. The &quot;expresso&quot; machine didn't work very well. The hallways and elevator interiors were very dark like a &quot;nightclub&quot;, not a hotel.My room, without the advertised view of the bridge or river, was located next to the housekeeping which was visited throughout the evening and wee hours with doors slamming, etc. The radio was broken and had to be replaced, which was done promptly. Windows do not open for fresh air. If you like nice bathrooms and can overlook the rest, this is the place for you. The marble bathroom with brand new sink/tub/glass shower, commode, was superior.	
Feb 23 2006	Good hotel	After reading some of the reviews for this hotel I was a little worried. I shouldn't have been. The hotel was good, staff friendly and rooms were modern and clean. (the beds were very comfortable too)Yes - there are no breakfast facilitiesYes - the location isn't dead central (but not too far)but walking around new york is part of the experience as is sampling all the scrummy breakfasts in the diners!Brooklyn Diner near Carnegie Hall is my favourite.We also went on the 'sex and the city' tour - highly recommended.	
Feb 21 2006	Good Hotel	The reviews on NYC hotels vary. Therefore I was not suprised that the Bentley was a decent 3 star hotel. As always I got a great price from 1800hotels even though it was valentines week (which I though would be sky high)The rooms are clean and spacious. The free coffee is excellent and warms you up after spending the day downtown. The bathroom was clean and the shower was hot.The hotel is situated near some petrol pumps but cars have to fill up somewhere, it is Manhattan.A good three star hotel. Great as a base for exploring New York city	
Feb 19 2006	Needs To be Reviewed	First of all stayed at Bentley Hotel as a Travel Agent for 8 nights, from 10th Feb till 18th Feb 2006.I booked this hotel with one of our suppliers for the price yes and for the fact that on the 21st floor it showed a beautiful restuarant overlooking the Queensborough Bridge.The famous restuarant was still not open for business till now March even though I rang the hotel in January and was assured it would be open for Valentines Week.After reading all the reports on Trip advisor I have to say I was worried sick on what was going to greet me when i arrived at The Bentley Hotel.Yes it is right next to the Animal rescue centre and Yes there is a Gas station right up against the windows of reception. I did a bit of dectective work and it seems that the building used to be offices which is why it still looks that way from the outside.Inside it is airy in recept and our room 1911 on the 19th Floor was large but even that high up with only single glazing the traffic noise is terrible.The bathroom was beautifully laid out and the piping hot water was nice too but with the lack of any extractor fan in the bathroom as soonas you opened the door the whole bedroom would fill with steam and hence huge amounts of condensation filled the room. Now normally you would think thats ok I will open the window but not here there was no wsmall window at all just 2 huge single glazed windows.The heating worked on a mind of its own, staying there for the worst cold spell this year it wasn't even luke warm and on the days it reached 60f outside we came into the room with the heating on full.Most descriptions give teh Bentley stating mini bars yes you get the cupboard where it should be but no bar and as no restuarant there was little else to do but eat out all the time.The free coffee machine in reception hardley ever worked and the bar for recption is a marble slab, with a man sitting behind it with a few infact 4 bottles of spirits and a bucket withabout 10 bottles of beer in it.I was not amused as were many of the americans staying at the hotel also.Aside from all this the cleaning of our room was perfect and the bed was fanstatic to sleep in...But as for giving the hotel 3*** I would find that very hard t do maybe 2** but no more than that.I travel the globe with my job and it certainly didnt come up to the standards that I was held to believe it had in both its offical description and its star rating.Depending on how many red lights you were held up with the Lexington subway was 10-20 mins walk.Diners: Burger Heaven,Tramway.Dinner/ Try Michael Jordans restuarant at Grand central, but be prepared very $$$$$$$.Another good place 44th &amp; XX restuarant.If it was a choice of The Bentley or another hotel, I am afraid it would have to be another simply because the standards are not up to scratch.Liam - [-------------]( We will be adding a proper photograpgh of the outside of the hotel shortly).	
Feb 19 2006	nice value.	Besides the staff being wonderful and offering me an upgrade because space was available, this hotel has a lot going for it. Easy access to FDR drive, with a gas station out front. Clean bathroom. Nice sheets.Changing temperature in room, no problem. Suites twicesize of most in NY. Walk 2 blocks west to 2nd Ave, take #15 bus downtown. Furniture is old, but I've seen far worse.	
Feb 17 2006	Fantastic Hotel	Me and a friend stayed at the Bentley Hotel in December and we thought it was excellent, the staff were very friendly and helpful. The room was clean and tidy and the view was amazing. I would recommend this to anyone who is looking somewhere to stay in New York.	
Feb 7 2006 	Sophisticated little boutique hotel	We booked this hotel with what I thought was a low price online, but rebooked an even lower rate the next day, depite having to pay a cancellation fee (I hadn't read that fine print carefully enough.) I have to admit we were worried that the price was so incredibly low ($119 Sat. and $99 Sun. pre-taxes) that we thought it would be a dump, but the location was just around the corner from where we had business on this trip, and the photos and reviews were appealing, so we took a chance. The outside appearance on arrival did nothing to dispel that impression, but suprisingly, the rooms were clean and sophisticated, and the linens were lovely. I won't sleep anywhere without a covering over the bedding, and I also appreciated the fresh sheeting that protected the headboard. Blessedly, the showerhead had more power than any I've ever had in New York in four-star luxury hotels. It is true their hallways are very dark--but not in a gloomy sense ...it has more to do with the sophisticated lighting effect that the hotel designer wanted. My only complaint was that the small hotel lobby and outside its doors were populated by youthful travelers--a lot of them smoking--not a very upscale lot of people...you would not want to have a business meeting in the lobby. But if you only need a clean, comfortable, esthetically pleasing room, and don't necessarily need the ammenities of a four-star hotel, this little boutique hotel fits the bill. In size, ammenity and decor, the Bentley reminded me a lot of four-star family-run hotels in Europe. Our view wasn't terrific (they do have rooms with better views), but we had selected our room based on the strongest internet connection ($9 daily), which worked perfectly. Had we not paid, we still would have had a choice of dozens of unprotected (but slow) wifis to pick from. One caveat, the restaurant is currently closed for renovations, but it is due to reopen in March. That wasn't a problem for us...First Ave. is only a block away with tons of fabulous restaurants--our faves--Portofino, Foccaccio, and Manhattan Grill. Would we stay there again? Yes, if we had business nearby. This hotel is part of a chain of boutique hotels across the city..we'd even consider trying their other hotels depending on the purpose of our trip.	
Feb 7 2006	Great Find IN NYC	As my Husband and I live out in the far reaches of Brooklyn we thought it might be fun to rent a hotel for the weekend whilst we had friends from overseas in town. Having read all the reviews on the Tripadvisor site I decided to give the Bentley a try although to be honest, in the back of my mind I was somewhat skeptical about any hotel in Manhattan that was only $99 a night on Hotels. What a pleasant suprise! The rooms were large, airy and most importantly CLEAN!! This place is truly a bargain. Probably NOT the best choice for true tourists as it is a little bit out of the way and the nearest subway is somewhat of a hike BUT bang for the buck it is a great option for people on a budget.	
Jan 22 2006	Holiday of a lifetime	New York City- The City that never Sleeps and thats exactly what it is. Its Amazing, an experience of a lifetime.My partner took me for my 18th Birthday in April 2005 and i loved every single minute of it.The weather was gorgeous and so was the atmosphere and everyday life in New York.There are so many places to see and shop. But beware you need at least £2k spending money for 2ppl for 1 week.We are currently saving this year to visit again in December for his 21st Birthday.The Bentley hotel is an excellent location as it is about 15 mins walk to Times square etc and is away from most of the noise. The hotel is very clean, cosmopolitan and has everything you need.The staff are very helpful and polite. When we go back we will defonately return to The 'Bentley'.If you are going, im sure you'll have as much fun as we did.........Happy Holidays	
Jan 18 2006	A nice niche hotel	I have read some of the other reviews and totally disagree. My wife and I stayed for two nights the weekend before Christmas at the Bentley and were pleasantly surpised. Rooms were clean, had a nice closet and bathroom was just fine. I found it comical that someone complained that the halls were dark. We had no problem. What do they want, a light show perhaps? Hotel was in exellent location. Only about 3 to 4 blocks to subway and near tons of restaurants. The free Cappacino machine in the lobby was a plus. If someone wants luxury they can pay $500 to $600 per night somewhere else. If they want a nice and clean hotel in a good location for a good price, we recommend the Bentley.	
Jan 11 2006	La dolce vita!!!	What a wonderful stay and excellent staff. I truly wanted a East River view and even called the day of our arrival, but they couldn't guarantee one. When we arrived, I just requested a peak of the water since we would be having nightcaps at the restarant and bar on the top floor after going to a holiday gathering in the city. I explained how we didn't travel in 2005 (3 major trips in 2004, Provence, Italia and Nevis) and wanted to start the New Year with a water view and the sweet girl upgraded us to a junior suite, since the restaurant/bar was closed for remodeling. Wow, I felt like a queen viewing the 59th Street bridge....my boyfriend said he could sit in the chaise and enjoy the view forever. So glad I brought goodies, we didn't want to leave for the party let alone check out....The Bentley reminded of a hotel we stayed in Amsterdam a few years ago, and the cuppacino machine made me right at hope....a mini European vacation 70 miles from home..la dolce vita. Request room 904, I would definitley spend the extra lire to relax after an exhausting day as a tourist in NYC and Sutton Place is a wonderful neighborhood.	
Jan 11 2006	Bring a flashlight and a fan to the Bentley!	Okay, here's the deal with the Bentley. It's not all that. The rooms are very clean (especially the bathrooms!), the beds are comfy (well, until the mattress starts to sag after a few hours...), and the staff is polite (they held our bags for us while we toured the city). But on the other hand, the hallways are very dark (hence, the bring a flashlight title), the hotel boasts that they have &quot;Belgian linens&quot; which is just a thick sheet. But then, the rooms are SO absurdly hot that you don't need a blanket to sleep. And the air conditioning? I think the button is just there for looks, because it doesn't work. I also have to mention that there is NO fan in the bathroom. So, if you're easily emabarrassed about other people smelling your number 2's, then don't stay here or bring a fan. And last but definetely not least, the location... it's quiet and safe, but a LONG walk to the subway. I went to NY with my husband and four other friends. We had two connecting rooms (one with a king and the other with a double) for $339 total. The price was dirt cheap for NYC. So, although I will never stay at this hotel again. I guess it could have been worse.	
Jan 9 2006	very pleased	My wife and I stayed at the Bentley for one night to take in the theater and dinner in Manhatten. We booked online and later called for a room with a view of the river and 59th st bridge, given with no problem. The king-sized bed was clean and comfortable. The heat was good. The bathroom was clean and enough size. The shower water pressure was the best feature, nice and strong. TV Reception and channels were good. The rooftop restaurant was closed due to renovations, so we didn't get a chance to check it out. The thing I like was that although it was still Manhatten and the hotel being on the upper east side, it was away from the hustle and bustle of midtown. We only stayed one night, so we didn't really interact with the staff, but when we did they were nice and pleasant. I feel for the price and the view and the area it was worth it, will be going back in the summer of '06.	
Jan 7 2006	Well worth the money	We stayed at the Bentley for 2 weeks over Christmas and the New Year and we loved this hotel. Like many others we read the reviews and were concerned. We didnt get a room with the bridge view like we hoped, but I blamed this on our tour operator who never mentioned that there was 3 different prices we could pay. I found this out myself on this site afterwards. A standard room is just that, a clean if not small room, because it only sleeps two people. With a nice bathroom and not nessasarily with a view of the river. We had only paid for a standard room because our tour operator didnt advise us otherwise. However, when we signed in, I asked the receptionist if she could give us a big bed, because me and my husband are both big and we were going to be in that bed for some time. She smiled as if she understood and then looked at our room number on the computer. She said she would change the room to another one higher up with a bigger bed. The room was lovely. It was spotlessly clean, towels changed everyday and bed sheets changed regularly. A free safe which is unusual since they normally charge. Hairdryer in the bathroom ( which by the way was spotless ) iron and ironing board! A C.D. player by the bed along with the telephone. An ice bucket with two glasses. Television with at least 20 channels. How can people dislike this hotel? The corridors are clean and the lifts are smart modern and big and there are 3 of them. The only downside to this hotel is its location and thats not there fault! We highly recommend it and we have stayed in 3 4 and 5 star hotels in the past.At the moment they are refurbishing the restaurant which to be honest, we thought they should have done at a different time other then Christmas, but once that has been finished, this hotel will definetly deserve a 4 star rating.	
Jan 4 2006	Never Again!	I read many reviews about the Bentley Hotel, but unfortunately only the worst ones came true.All members of staff we met there were without exception unfriendly and even arrogant. The room was supposed to be &quot;Deluxe&quot; but it was very small. The walls were paper thin, so we were awoken more than twice because our neighbours were talking above normal volume.There are no windows and no vents in the bathroom or the bedroom!The one thing we enjoyed was the spectacular views. Someone should tell their management not to promote Valet Parking as it is non-existant.For the rates offered, this trip was more than a disappointment and we will not recommend this hotel.	
Dec 28 2005	Totally fantastic hotel!	Stayed in this hotel from December 21-26. Was a little worried it would be too far out of the centre of Manhatten but it was just perfect.At check in we got upgraded from a Queen to a King Size room for free! We had a great view from the 9th floor overlooking the bridge and East River. Our bed was huge, the room was spotless and was cleaned with fresh bed linen and towels every day! TV in rooms with a huge range of stations which was great.Staff were very friendly, the door men were very helpful at all times, nothing was too much of a problem for them.Was just one block from 1st Avenue, ten minute walk from Bloomingdales and a 25minute walk to 5th Avenue.Taxi to Times Square cost about $7 or $8.Only disappointment was that the hotel bar and restaurant had closed two days before we checked in for renovations, it's not reopening until mid January. Reception supplied menu's for local restaurants who delivered to the hotel free of charge though, and were very apologetic for the inconvenience.All in all a fantastic hotel!	
Dec 17 2005	Lovely stay	i stayed at the Bentley on the upper east side of nyc, for one night in dec'05. It was a last minute arrangement, as the other place I was due to stay at with a friend was unavailable for the sat nite. It is a contemporary hotel, nice decor, very fresh and clean, I had a king size room,it was a decent size,and the bathroom was very clean, and a a good size. tv and coffee making facilities. The extra special feature which i loved is the roof top terrace, and bar which is lovely, there is a beautiful view of the 59th bridge.it was very magical especially at xmas time. the only drawback with this hotel, is that it is a few blocks from a subway, and is in a residental area. nonetheless everything is walkable in NYC. the is a good selection of resturants nearby. Try 'Fusha' , a japanese place,good food and valuable for money.Hotel staff were also polite, not at all what i had expected in nyc! I would recommend this hotel.	
Dec 2 2005	Not Good 	The Bentley Hotel is about 15 minute walk away from 5th Avenue and fairly easy to find.. We found the reception staff to be awkward &amp; unfriendly. However the porters &amp; rest of the staff were pleasant &amp; chatty. I had phoned the hotel prior to our visit to arrange a room high up &amp; with a nice view, I was told that it would not be a problem. When we arrived we allocated a room on the 2nd floor which is above a petrol station. The station is built in to the ground floor of the hotel with the pumps being outside. None of the photo’s we had seen showed this. The hotel staff did arrange for us to be move to the 11th floor but told me that no one would agree a room with a view in advance. I didn’t have the energy after the long flight confront this but felt let down straight away &amp; that staff did not care. The restaurant was closed for the five nights we stayed for a private function. This was disappointing as we had seen the pictures on a couple of websites which showed New York in the background at night &amp; they look spectacular. The hotel was clean &amp; the maid service is good. However the rooms are dated &amp; in need of some refurbishment. The wall near the window in your room is paper thin &amp; it is easy to listen to your neighbours conversation.With the choice of hotels available in New York I wish we had looked a little further as we didn’t find the hotel value for money.	
Nov 17 2005	Wonderful hotel - definitely recommended	I visited New York last weekend as an 18th birthday present for my daughter - a girls weekend of shopping, eating and sightseeing. The Bentley was a fantastic hotel - we got a complementary upgrade to a Junior Suite. The room was very large and comfortable, small but well equipped bathroom, fantastic views of the 59th St Bridge and the Roosvelt Island cable car. We packed so much into each day that we were exhausted by the end of the day and it was wonderful to sink into the lovely comfy bed. The capuccino and latte from the lobby machine was perfect, the staff were incredibly friendly and I would definitely stay here again. I loved the location - not far to Bloomingdales, 5th Avenue and Central Park but lots of little areas to explore that I wouldn't normally have seen. I always felt very safe round there. I can recommend the Tramway Diner and Burger Heaven for breakfasts and the Silver Star Diner for huge portions at good prices - the cheesecake really shouldn't be missed! If you are in Chinatown go to Mandarin Court at Mott Street for dim sum - sublime and incredibly cheap. Also go to the Top of the Rock (the newly opened Rockerfeller Centre roof) for fantastic views, less crowded than the Empire State and cheaper.	
Nov 10 2005	Fair to middling	First the problems....no hot water the first 2 nights.Was given a smoking room when a non smoking room was requested...(yes, I am the bride from a previous review)Despite asking 5 times for a plug for the bath we were not helped. Maintenance did visit out room to fix the heating, but didn't manage to get a bath plug in the 5 days we were there.Now the goodpoints...Location isn't bad, just a 10 minute walk to the subway.Great coffee machine in reception.Great Diner one block up, which serves excellent breakfasts.Surprisingly quiet.Excellent views from the rooftop bar.The staff were either excellent or awful....the guys who man the door should be on the stage!	
Nov 4 2005	fantastic hotel	The hotel was everything I wanted and more, It may be a few blocks walk to get to the shops and the sights but walking down some of the roads gave you the real feel of the area.Took about 20mins to walk to Central Park. We were on the 19th floor and the views out were fantastic.Especially the Sunrise over the river. The bed was comfortable and the room was clean. Ok , so you don't have the tea and coffee machine in your room, but there is one in the lounge are downstairs. Never ate in the restuarant but it all looked nice.Staff were always helpful and nice. Would definalty stay again	
Nov 3 2005	Not bad at the price	We stayed in the Bentley as a large Wedding Party. Of the four rooms taken by my family, I think we fared the best, though none of us got rooms facing the Bridge. The suite booked for the bride was clearly a smoking room though a non-smoking one had been booked (could it be the last reviewer got their room?).Our room was clean and nicely decorated. There was a lack of hot water during the first two days (unless you got up early) but the hotel apologised and this was fixed.Coffee from the machine in the lobby was of good quality (though it would have been good to have it in the room too) and the bar had good views. Staff were pleasant and generally helpful to us.As for the location, I think the walk to Lexington Ave Subway took about 5 mins, and really wasn't that much hassle.All in all, not bad for the price, but they would appear to need to sort out their reservation system.	
Oct 25 2005	Bad Start	When we arrived after a seven hour flight we were told that some people had decided to stay on and therefore there was no room and we would have to stay at their sister hotel near time square. This caused great problems as we had family on the upper East Side and wanted to be near them. A decent hotel would have told the former people they couldnt stay on. We said we would move for the night if they would upgrade us when we returned. (We had asked for a non smoking room) They said - certainly. no problem.The sister hotel where we were sent was a dump with three hangers hanging in a corner which was the wardrobe. It was minute. When we returned the next day we were told there was no upgrade available for a non smoking room and an extremely rude receptionist disputed that we had been promised it.It was only when we loudly voiced our opinions on how we had been treated that suddenly a non- smoking room was produced from no-where. The hotel is in need of redecoration, it is clean, there is a cupboard under the television which should house a fridge or mini-bar but it doesnt. There is nowhere to get a coffee as there are no coffee- making facilities in the room and we were certainly not told of any available machines.Altogether a bad experience and not to be repeated	
Oct 18 2005	Great Hotel	If you want a comfortable room for an affordable price with excellent service and an unbelievable view, you can't beat The Bentley!NYC hotel rooms with a nice view are hard to come by, let alone one for this price. The only draw-back is that the hotel is about 6 pretty long blocks from the nearest subway station at 60th and 3rd. If you stay here, bring comfortable shoes or be prepaired to take a cab!	
Oct 12 2005	Good hotel but tendency to lose reservations	The Bentley is certainly a very nice hotel, but when we arrived after a very long journey from Ireland, they had no record of our reservation (despite being pre-paid!). The line 'its not our fault' was given to me and we were put in a cab to mid town to a sister hotel (cab at our expense). A gentleman next to us was told the same. Once I had contacted my travel agent, it was determined that the hotel had made a mistake and we returned to an upgraded suite and complementary drinks in the Bentley. That was great, but I find it strange that this scenario has been mentioned a few times in reviews and the same thing happened to the other man booking in with us - prehaps they give up reserved rooms after a certain time?I found having no breakfast option in the hotel inconvenient, but otherwise, it was a very pleasant place to stay.	
Oct 11 2005 	Great Value - hidden treasure	I had to book some lodging in NYC for a quick last minute trip. I was trying not to break the bank but still say someplace comfortable. Through research I thought I'd give The Bentley a whirl.I had to fly into Newark due to full flights so I grabbed a cab in from Penn Station. The Bentley is a bit off the beaten path as it's on the Upper east side. I was prepared for this though and chose the location due to the close proximity to La Guardia (where I was flying out the following morning). I arrived before check-in time and the staff was kind and put me in an available room. The staff was helpful and friendly. The decor reminded me a bit of some boutique hotels I've booked in L.A. and Miami. I stayed on the 6th floor right off the elevator lobby area. The room was a nice size (for NYC) and offered a desk, a chair, a closet. The linens were clean and comfy. The bath was large and had wonderful lighting. It was quite roomy.I didn't mind the walk b/c I had acknowledged when i booked.I ate in the restaurant that evening and enjoyed the Vodka Penne Chicken dish. Pricing seemed reasonable.The view and ambiance of the restaurant was stunning. I could have relaxed there all evening. My room also had a nice view of the bridge and river with some view of downtown.The bellman was helpful with the arrangement of a car to the airport the next morning (at 4:30am).Overall I give this hotel a thumbs up and would stay there again when I don't have to be so centrally located to midtown and/or financial district.	
Oct 8 2005	From Norway - we loved our stay in New York	Very good hotel. We had a room at 19. floor with a nice view to the bridge. We used the Subway to get around the Manhattan, fast and easy to use.	
Sep 25 2005	Nice stay at the Bentley	My finace and I stayed at the Bentley from the 15-22nd August 2005. It was my first time in New York and we wanted a good base for exploring. The Bentley was great for this as it's location is brilliant - not too noisy as it is a little out of things, but not too far away - we could walk to Central Park in about 15 mins.We arrived quite late at the hotel as our flight was delayed and were told that there were not many rooms left. We were put in a manky, dirty (still things from previous guests in bathroom) basement room right next to a noisy boiler - not a good start! However, we went back to reception and were moved to a room on the 4th floor. It was a smoking room - we are non-smokers but we were told we could move in the morning to a higher floor non-smoking room. We settled for this as we were tired and there wasn't really anything else we could do.The next day we were moved to a river view room on the 15th floor - much better! The room was spacious and clean and had a great view of the Queensborough bridge. We stayed the rest of the time in this room and had no other problems.The bar on the roof is a great place to visit after a tiring day as the view over New York is fantastic. The drinks are quite pricey but so are all the other bars in New York too! We didn't eat in the hotel so can't comment on that but another couple told us it was nice.Good places to eat are: The Ritz diner for breakfast - just up the road on the corner. There is a little bistro just by the bottom of the bridge that is good. If you venture up one block and turn right, there is a fantastic little mexican which is really cheap and very tasty. Also there is an Irish bar near there which had a happy hour every day with cheap frozen cocktails and beers for about $3.Overall the Bentley was good. It is a little rough around the edges as it has a boutique feel but was obviously done a little cheaply. It is in a great location and most places are walkable from there. If you want a little more peace and quiet then the hustle and bustle of the city and you are on a fairly tight budget - as we were, then I would recommend it. If you want pure luxury and pampering, then it is not for you.	
Sep 22 2005	Bentley: great choice 	My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel from august 1st to 5th this year... we were pleasantly surprised when entering our room (check in was quick &amp; easy) , for it wasn't very spacious, but very clean, modern, and very well accomodated. Bathroom was fantastic (Bath &amp; shower, clean towels every day), we had ourselves a BIG kingsize bed, television etc. (Room 1411 by the way). Our window looked down on the street with the river on the right (no bridgeview). The rooftop restaurant has a spectacular panoramic view over the city.... Beautiful at night!Service was great, very nice &amp; friendly staff, subway was about 10, 15 minute walk, but we knew that when we booked &amp; it was ok. Delicious candystore &amp; Bloomingdales near the subway and very easy to get everywhere by train.we would definately return there if we want to go to NYC again, for we had a great stay. However, if you're not a fan of walking a little bit, we would suggest a hotel closer to a subwaystation. But again: it was no problem for us. Thumbs way up!	
Sep 18 2005	Fantastic! Would recommend!	We stayed here for 4 nights and were very impressed. There are some nice bars (Baker st.) and restaurants around there and a great deli for breakfast, just one block away.It's about a 15 minute walk from the subway, but we knew that before we booked it and it wasn't a problem for us. The staff were friendly, professional and helpful. The hotel rooms were clean, spacious and well equipped. We had a fabulous view from our room - overlooking the east river and Roosevelt island.Would stay there again.	
Sep 14 2005 	Very nice stay (Business Travel)	For $147/night for 2 nights, I was upgraded to a suite. It was very spacious. The decor is modern. The air conditioning units in the room was loud but otherwise this was an amazing price within walking distance of midtown appointments and Bloomingdales. Nice staff too and wireless Internet, Belgian linens. I am used to paying at least 2x that for a weekday hotel in Midtown, so I think this is pretty remarkable.	
Sep 5 2005	Good value	Enjoyed our stay at The Bentley. I booked this hotel on the strength of the reviews on this website and I am glad to say I wasn't dissapointed.The hotel decor is stylist although slightly tired, however this didn't detract from a good experience.It's quite a big hotel which is quite impersonal but that's fine for our purpose of a weekend in the city.As for location, well it's a little off the beaten track but I didn't mind a walk. It's only 10 mins up to central park.The view from the rooftop bar is quite impressive although the bar was lacking in atmosphere.In summary - great value for money. For the money you can't go far wrong with staying at the Bentley.	
Sep 2 2005	too far from subway	we were there in july 2005.... tooo hot......................... the walk to the subway was a uphill walk for approx 8-10 blocks... very long hot walk...the hotel was ok. staff slow to respond to problems. at times no reply...	
Aug 31 2005	Good Hotel Clean Romms friendly Staff	We (family with two kids) stay at Bentley Hotel for tree days. When we arrived, they were overbooked and had no room for us :-(The staff were very friendly and offered a taxi to another Hotel, where they had booked us for one nigth. Next day we returned and the give us a update to a suite. We had a beautiful view over Manhatten.All in all a nice and clean Hotel with friendly staff for a good price; located about 500 m from the next Metro-Station and 1000 m from Central Park.If we visit New York again, we surely will check in again at Bentley Hotel.	
Aug 30 2005	excellent evening	the hotel is extremely comfortable the location is good access to many restaurants on the east side convient to central park and the museumsthe continetal breakfast in the glass enclosed resraurant on the roof over looking the east river and manhattan is wonderful way to start the day	
Aug 30 2005	Great cappuchino machine	It was a nice hotel, looked better on the inside, very clean. we requested a room with a view after reading reviews but did not have a good view. The location was not that great, very far from most attractions, although we got a cab most places, it is very far from everything. Staff were helpful. d DONT GO TO THE CINEMA ROUND THE CORNER, THE AIR CON WAS BROKEN AND THEY PUT EVERYONE IN THE WRONG FILM.Dissappointing restaurant, avoid like the plague, poor selection and pricey.	
Aug 23 2005	Where am I?	The Bentley is located so far East, that you may feel you are in the Orient! While the neighborhood is safe and there are many delis, grocery stores, and shops around, the Bentley has an address that is far from anything you may want to see. The rooms are large, modern and comfortable with expansive windows exhibiting the urban scene. The staff is warm and helpful. If you don't mind walking or are using a car service, this can be an excellent choice at the right price.	
Aug 9 2005	great room at great price; nice view at night	We'll definitely consider staying there again. We didn't mind the Animal Hospital nor the Gas Station, since the room was a great value with a large clean bathroom and a great view at night...all for about $150 a night!  Go directly to the hotel's website for the best deal. That's what we did.	
Aug 4 2005	NY Bentley was great	Upon check in for 4 nights, we asked for an upper room with a bridge view. The upper floors were taken, so we were on the 3rd floor. I was worried the traffic may be loud, but with the air conditioner on, we didnt hear a thing. The staff was willing to move us up the next day, but our room was so clean, the air conditioning worked great, and the bridge view at night was wonderful so we decided to stay. The room was bigger than I thought it would be. The staff went out of their way to answer questions, bring extra towels, and even brought packing material for an odd shaped package to check onto the plane. The only negative comment, would be I forgot my toothbrush, so went to the desk at 11pm to ask for one, but they did not have any. They suggested I walk around the corner to the gas station for one-----hum!!!!!! We used the M31 bus that stopped in front of the hotel, and were able to transfer anywhere in the city. Even though the hotel was not in the most convient part of the city, the bus was an excellent mode to get there. I would stay in this hotel again!	
Jul 25 2005	I had a great stay at the Bentley Hotel NYC	Very very clean room for a great price. I asked for a river side view and I stayed 6 nights in room 1502 which had a great view over the east river and the Queensboro Bridge!!The bathroom looked very very nice and clean!!The hotel is located in the eastern part of midtown Manhattan, but you got everything you need within a couple of blocks! Walking to the subway is 10 minutes. The neighbourhood is very safe also later in the evening!! The bus stop for the M31 is just across the street, when you buy a metro card you can also use it in every bus in Manhattan.I had not trouble with the fuel station that was right beneath my room, I couldn't hear anything from it!The next time I will go to NYC, I will stay in the Bentley Hotel again!	
Jul 4 2005	Pretty good hotel all in all	I booked this room online and got a nice package deal. The hotel room was about $130. This hotel is located on the far end of East 62nd Street. The metro station is not exactly close, but it is definitely walkable -- about 10 minutes. To get to Times Square, take the 4, 5, or 6 train downtown, to Grand Central. Then take the S train to Times Square.A large movie theater, Clearview Cinemas, is located just a few blocks from the hotel. Dangerfield's is around the corner from the theater. There are plenty of places to eat and our favorite Japanese Art store is located at 8th and Lexington. Oh, and Bloomingdale's is located around the corner from the metro station.About the hotel itself -- it is located in a quieter section of Manhattan. But, nowhere in NYC is absolutely quiet. In fact, every hotel I have stayed at has been noisy to some extent, so I always bring earplugs. Though I was concerned about the noise level after reading some reviews, I was glad to not share some others' experiences. I slept like a baby.That said, the hotel room had some minor defects. First, my bathroom sink had three large cracks though they were already repaired -- it wasn't a pretty sight. Second, the TV plug was slightly bent and sparked when I plugged it into a different outlet. Third, the iron's dial (heat setting) was gone -- so it worked on my cotton-based clothes, but I had never encountered that experience before.The hotel front desk was always well-staffed and friendly. The hotel has over 20 floors and 2 elevators. The hotel decor was ok. The hotel room decor was ok -- although the window blind was very wrinkled, looked cheap and shabby, was a dab brown color, and did not cover the whole window. There is no business office. (But, NYC tourist fact -- there is free Internet Access at the Times Square Information Center next to the Loews Theater -- several computers that feature Yahoo Mail. But, there is some wait.). There is also a restaurant, but it does not serve breakfast -- it opens at 12 PM.All in all, it was a solid hotel with a few minor defects. But, it is ok esp. if you are on a budget and/or if you can skimp on a few conveniences in order to spend your dollar in more meaningful and useful ways elsewhere.	
Jun 28 2005	Bentley....more like a Volvo- reliable and safe	The entrance to the hotel was not to be desired for with a petrol station hung at the side of it and bags of rubbish all hung up the back wall, though entering the entrance it was more presentable.Quick easy check in through Lastminute[-] our standard double room was clean and presentable though very small with a small bathroom. The bed was very comfertable and the corridors were clean.The top floor bar/restaurant looked very shabby and in need of modernising, so we never had breakfast there. There is no gym or pool.Location wise, your about $10-$15 in a taxi away from any NY attractions. If anything it is worth paying that bit extra and getting a closer hotel to the main parts of newyork.We found a good diner for breakfast up the street called roxys diner, it got you off to a good start. This is good for budget traveler or a single person.	
Jun 21 2005	Wonderful hotel at a great price	We would stay at The Bentley again. It was a wonderful room for the money. We stayed in the deluxe suite, which had a separate bedroom with a king size bed, a wonderful view on the 15th floor, a table and chairs area and a queen size pull out sofa. The bed was awsome with a down comfortor. The room was very clean and housekeeping was wonderful and adhered to our requests.	
Jun 20 2005	good for the price i payed	Well after reading the reviews i was a little dubious about my stay there.The hotel wasn't the ritz, but i went to see new york and not too stay in my hotel room the entire time. I liked the free breakfast of unlimited bagels, it wasn't much but hey it was free, my only complaint there was the toasters with no handles to lift the trays out, some woman put a knife in to dislodge her food, the staff smiled at her...this worried me a little.The rooms were a very good size and somewhat of an unusal shape, but they were a nice size to relax and unwind in, the bathroom was again quite nice, it wasn't the ritz, but as the hotel never claimed to be it had me impressed as i didn't go there with any expectations.The only main gripe i had was about the waiting staff when i ordered a meal, he was more concerned with chatting at the bar and practically threw the menu at me, not very friendly, but i only dined there once so don't know if this was standard behaviour.The views in the morning were worth the price of the hotel, a nice breeze and breathing in the fresh air on the riverside made for a nice way to wake up and appreicate the city, be warned for the mobil station, it is not very well signposted what is pavement and what is forecourt, so be wary of getting run over.Location is quite good for the park, and as i went in summer it is a pleasant walk to the subway for downtown, just be carefull of getting caught up shopping in time square till 1am then getting a subway and walking the couple of blocks back in the dark.Favourite part was the food emporium over the road, very nice and holiday esq feel to it.All in all, i would not say this hotel was anything spectacular, but it was a hotel with character, it gave me some tales to tell when i came home to my friends and there is nothing about it that i would say ruined my holiday, it was very well priced and i would definatly stay again.	
May 23 2005	Very nice stay at the Bentley	Just returned from a 4 night stay at The Bentley in New York. This hotel was very clean, and the doormen were great. Even though they were very full, still asked and received a room with a view of the river on the 17th floor. We were on the opposite side from the bridge view, but still it was very nice to come in at night and look out at the river on one side and Upper East Side on the other. The bathroom was very clean and small, but not tiny. The air conditioner settings cannot be changed, but we were comfortable after receiving a blanket for the cold blooded person. Only complaint was the lack of wash clothes. Call me crazy, but to me, a wash cloth is a basic part of taking a shower. The first night we found only one, even though two people were listed on the reservation, and we had two beds. The next morning I left a note with the tip, asking for 2 wash clothes each night through Sunday. The next two nights were fine, but Saturday night we returned wet from an unexpected rain shower only to find no (zero) wash clothes. After putting my wet clothes and shoes back on and going back down stairs, the front desk sent some right up. The hotel is off the main strip, but the quiet made up for it. After 2 days of walking up the hill the 7 or so blocks to the nearest subway station, I figured out the #31 bus stops right in front of the hotel and runs across 57th from the east to the west side. This made it easy to transfer to a subway stop along 57th.I would definetely recommend this hotel and stay there again.	
May 21 2005 	Call it no service and a bad stay!	Just stayed at the Bentley a few nights ago. The check-in staff was very friendly and offered me a room with a river view and king bed. Upon arriving at my room a vacuum cleaner was at my door, it stayed there for two days. The room was very clean. Good sheets and bed, okay design. Just don't sit in any of the three chairs that were in the room. The chairs all had a wood frame, but you sank inside the frame because the cushions were so old and worn. The decor was not helped by the torn wallpaper...reminded me of Barton Fink! Everything seemed to be going okay until returning to my room at 11:00pm to find that my room was broken into. Nothing was taken (because I left nothing there), but the dresser and closet ransacked. Called the front desk to complain and they told me that management would call me in the morning. Well management never called for the two days I was there. In fact, the manager was never at the hotel. I asked to be moved to another hotel property or compensation for one nights stay. When I went to the front desk to ask why the manager has not contacted my they said he was not there but they were aware of my situation. The front desk attendent said, &quot; what's the problem nothing was taken.&quot; Also, housekeeping never serviced my room until I called at 7:00pm upon returning from work. Well, I can't recommend the Bentley...stay away.	
May 6 2005	Suprisingly good	We arrived a few hours earlier than check in time, and due to our alloted room not being ready, we were upgraded to a fabulous sweet on the 17th floor. The room comprised of a bedroom area which was huge bed, partictioned by double gass doors leading to a lounge area with suede sofa. It was brilliant. Unfortunately that week happened to be the coldest since 1977, so the room admitadly was cold. We called down to reception and they told us all heaters were on full wack, and all she could do was offer us some extra blankets, which we accepted. We really couldnt complain at this though, as it was particualry cold. The hotel on the whole was in good order and decorated tastefully. It was a bit rough around the edges, but defiantely accpetable. Would definately return to the bentley. It is a bit out of the way (on the upper east side) but still very easy to get around. In comparison to other hotels we looked at for the same price, then Bentely was definately the best.	
May 5 2005	Take notice of the good things....	After reading countless reviews on this site regarding this hotel I must admit we was aprehensive about the trip. We needed not be. The hotel is smart, modern, clean and above all else, friendly. We always found the staff helpful and couldnt do enough for us. We can see the reviewers points on the views ( Room 1202 for us was excellent ) as you could be looking at the gas station if you are unlucky. If you are,ask to be moved. A couple we were with did and were moved straight away. The rooms are clean and bathrooms spotless and towels changed daily. The location is good although away from the hurly burly of the city. Central park is 20 minutes walk and buses/trams readily available to other destinations. We would definately return to the Bentley on our next trip and would recommend it to anyone.	
Apr 20 2005	Noise - A good thing?	Looking at the photos my guess was that this hotel was something extra when it comes to design. It is. in places. I't seems the energy ran out. &quot;oh so we are out of the cool tables... ah well any table will have to do in this room then... &quot; What's most important though is the beds, and our bed was excellent. The bathroom was pretty new and clean as well. My feelings for this hotel could have been better if we would have lived in one of the upper floors. The hotel has 22 floors (I think) and we lived on the 2:nd...and there was a gas station right under our window. We could'nt hear any traffic noise though as the air conditioning system made a loud noise ALL the time. There is no way turning it of and sometimes the room was really cold too. Overall it's a perfectly average hotel that is a bit off. The neighbourhood is really nice though with a lot of restaurants and shopping. We did'nt feel like the typical times square tourists in this area. Not sure if we would choose this hotel for our next time in NY though. Ok. Not more. One more thing...Be sure to visit the top floor restaurant! We missed out and just got a quick look at it before we left...shame as it looked spectacular.	
Mar 27 2005	a very nice hotel	this hotel is very clean the rooms are decent sizes with tvs and a microwave in the room the bathroom was spotlessly clean as was the room,i got a room on the 9th floor overlooking the city there are other rooms with better views but to be honest i didn't really look out of the window much anyway so the view didn't bother methe bar which is on the 21st floor was very nice the barstaff were very friendly and there is an amazing view of the queensbridge and the city you can even go outside on the balcony to take really good photosthe lobby was impressive and there was a tea/coffee machine were you could get hot drinks 24hours a day just off the lobby there was an ice machine were you could get iceall the members of staff here when i stayed were very polite and helpful. people have said this hotel is off the beaten track but i didn't find it to far out in fact i thought the location was brilliant as we were away from all the hustle and bustlecabs to time square is under $10 which i thought was very reasonablethe subway is about 10-15 minute walk away but it didn't feel long and once at the station you can travel to numerous destinationscentral park is not to far as so are all the designer shops on 5th avenuetakeaway food is very cheap here a shop on the corner did lovely sandwhiches and take away food very cheap a ny diner was on the opposite corner and we ate breakfast here large portions very cheap (eg 2 adult sixe breafasts 2 egg and chips with mushrooms and tomatoes with 2 toast and coffee along with ham 2 eggs and home fries with 2 toast and tea for only $11!!!!thats just about £6 for 2)look at my photos if you want a cheap clean place to stay this is the place to be we had an absolutely wonderful time and will definately be booking this hotel again very soon to take our children i have recommended this hotel to all my family and friends.it not the sort of hotel were people will bend over backwards for you but it is very down to earth i didn't have to pay high prices it is a very laid back very cool hotel definately for people who are not over pretentiousthe staff are very flexible and when we checked out early on our last day they allowed us to store our luggage for the whole daywe didn't try the room service but the menu didn't seem to be that priceyif you chose this hotel i hope you have a good a time as we did it really made my first visit to new york one to remember with fond and happy memories	
Mar 23 2005	Value for Money	We stayed in the Bentley for 5 nights. And compared to our last stay in another hotel in midtown during our last visit (Gershwin Hotel) for the same price the Bentley is excellent. The service is -for a mid class hotel- above average: when we arrived they only had one room left and they recommended to change the hotel because the room would be too noisy. Although after the long flight this wasn´t too funny, we appreciated the offer and changed for one night to The Marcel (isn´t as far as good as the Bentley by the way). But for the circumstance they gave us an upgrade for a junior suite. So when we came back the next day, we had this incredible view overlooking the skyline, East River and Queensboro Bridge. The bed was huge, the room was around 30 square meters and we had a fantastic time. The bus stop -as others here already mentioned- is right in front of the hotel and takes you to Bloomie´s and Barneys in 10 min. Under the Bridge there is a very nice new restaurant (Guastavinos) plus a conran shop plus the Supermarket Food Emporium (5min walk from the hotel). So if you´re tired from walking - this is the place to be.I cannot imagine getting the same quality of hotel for a price like in the Bentley. You get more than you pay for.	
Mar 22 2005	Great Service Bad Management!!!	My friends and I rented a suite for the weekend at the Bentley this past January. We didn't have a vacation this past summer, so we decided to stay in NY for a nice, fun weekend. On our first day there we received excellent, friendly service from the staff. To our surprise, there was a major storm coming the day after, so we decided to make our first night a night out. We went shopping all morning through the afternoon, had dinner, then came back to the hotel to get ready. Unfortunately our time there went sour when the vents stopped blowing hot air, and the hot water ran out just as we are getting ready to go out at around 10pm. We called the front desk to see what the problem was and they told us the hotel was having problems with the hot water, and that it should be getting fixed soon. The windows in our room began to fog up and even froze on the inside (it was that cold). After an hour of constantly calling the front desk, I decided to go downstairs and request to be moved either to a different suite that had heat and hot water, or to be moved to another one of their hotels in NY with a comparable room.They agreed to move us to a different hotel at 11:30pm, and even paid for the cab ride. They checked us into a filthy, badly decorated, tacky hotel near by, and our room wasn't even a suite. It was 12 midnight at this point and we were exhausted and carrying all our shopping bags plus luggage. They couldn't move us to a comparable hotel because they were all booked, so I asked for them to refund us our money and we would find a hotel ourselves at this point. After calling around NY for the cheapest place we could stay that wasn't dirty, we found a regular room at a Marriott for about $30 more than we were going to pay for a suite at the Bentley. We got to the Marriott a little before 1:00am, and we were so exhausted and hungry, we ordered pizza, then fell asleep to a movie. We didn't even get to go out to a bar or club because our second night there, there was a huge snow storm, and the third day we had to go home early because my best friend's father had died of a heart attack the night before. Because of the huge inconvenience the Bentley caused us on our first night, I spoke with someone from management, and he told me he was going to see what he could do, but after a month of waiting for his phone call, someone else calls back and says that all they can do for us is give us $30 dollars off our next night there, since that is the difference for what we paid for the Marriott. They couldn't do anything for us for the inconvenience they caused us. So to say the least I wasn't very pleased with how management handled the situation. Come to find out, we weren't the only ones that suffered from lack of heat and no hot water, but everyone staying that busy weekend, and some people even lacked electricity in part of their room. Weird, but true!!! The only good thing about the Bentley is its decor and friendly staff, so just pray nothing goes wrong so you don't have to deal with management.	
Mar 22 2005	Great Place to Stay	I recently went on a trip to NYC and stayed at the Bently. I have been to New York several times, and this is by far the best hotel I have ever stayed at. The hotel is beautiful, the rooms are very nice, clean and spacious. The hotel staff is very friendly and helpful and the view from the hotel restaurant is gorgeous. I would recommend staying there.	
Mar 7 2005 	The Bentley - a Welcomed Rest	I recently stayed at the Bentley while my husband was being treated at Memorial Sloan-Kettering. I was a little jittery about some of the reviews but my experience was very nice.After being at the hospital all day, dealing with my husband's requirements, trying to decipher doctors' babble and hospital politics, I needed some peace and quiet at night. My room was so quiet, I wasn't sure anyone else was on the floor with me. The bed was very comfortable, the bathroom nice and clean. I also enjoyed going to the lounge on the 21st floor to see the sights at night. It was very restful.	
Mar 7 2005	a nice Hotel	I stayed in Bentley Hotel for a week (3rd to 9th Feb) with my family (wife and son). It was our first time in NYC.It’s in a good location, you only need to walk 10 /15 minutes to get to the southeast corner of Central Park. In fact, the hotel is close to everything and you don’t need to take public transport every time you go out, furthermore you can find nice restaurants and bars near the hotel to have a good breakfast or a quick lunch or dinner.The room was big enough for us, two king beds, as we requested. The furniture wasn’t new but in good condition. The temperature of the room was agreeable. The bathroom was clean and with a good powerful shower.There was some noise from the street, because York Avenue has quite a lot of traffic. We had read a few reviews about noise coming from other rooms, but we didn’t have this problem.The staff were friendly &amp; helpful. They responded quickly if you needed anything and they kept a distance if you didn’t need them.We didn’t spend much time in the hotel, we only needed a reasonably comfortable base for visiting the city, and we had it. We can recommend this hotel for this purpose.	
Mar 2 2005	location location location	having just returned from a 4 night stay in new york, we stayed in the bentley and loved it! very clean and very friendly. its views from the restaurant are breath taking. the location of the hotel is perfect, across the street and one block 1st avenue with plenty of bars and restaurants, keep walking block after block each street is different. Bloomingdales (the best department store in New York) only minutes away. along with Madison avenue and 5th avenue with central park dividing east and west. i was concerned this hotel was a little far away when i booked it, How wrong i was. enjoy the complimentry tea and coffee 24hrs.	
Mar 1 2005	I'll be back for more	I recently returned from a week spent at the bentley.It was my first trip to new york and i loved every minute of it.. in fact ive already booked my next trip in august and cant wait.It was important to me that i enjoyed my stay at the hotel as well as the holiday, and the bently delivered, although i was initially dissapointed i didnt have a room on a high floor and i had the dreaded garage view, i still thoroughly enjoyed my stay, rooms were clean and stylish but unpretentious, the staff were very friendly and helpful and personally i thought the location was great; lovely neighbourhood, with great bars and restaurants. Why would you want the biggest tourists spots on your door step? some of my most memorable experiences were had just walking random streets and soaking up the atmosphere. Personally i would reccomend the hotel to anyone, especially if like me you were travelling on your own and it was your fiirst visit, i have since looked at other hotels, but i liked the area and the hotel so much im coming back for more.have a great holiday.	
Feb 27 2005	What should have been better ??	Back from 7 days new york and 6 nights in the bentley hotel.it was great there, couldn´t imagine more for that very good price.we had a room on the 18 th floor with a nice view, very clean, very quiet - what more?ok, you have to walk 19 minutes to the next subway station, but we didn´t care about that, because it is amazing, to see the different streets arount with the restaurants etc.next time, same place	
Feb 24 2005	Loved the Bentley	Just got back from four wonderful days in New York. The Bentley was just great, got upgraded to a corner suite on the 16th floor. Spectacular views of the 59th street bridge, east river and midtown.Its quite simple, if you wanna get out into the city, see and feel New York-then the Bentley is for you....If you want gilt edge service and stuffy staff go elsewhere...The Bentley is a wonderful little hotel. I was nervous after reading some posts on here, now I know that New York was wasted on those kinds of folks...	
Feb 10 2005 	Keep looking	Very loud. Right near 59th St. bridge. A lot of traffic and construction noise. Surly service people. Bathroom not clean. Strange accoustics. Voices and sounds from other rooms come in through vents. No exhaust fan in bath so shower steams up whole room. Far from subways. There are numerous better choices. 	
Feb 8 2005	great stay	We had a great time at the Bentley.... we got lucky and gota corner room. To the left was the 59th street bridge... to the rightthe beautiful east side. Best views Ive ever had in a hotel room.Didn't mind the walk to the subway. It wasn't as bad as i thoughtit would be. In fact the hotel is so close to everything that I ended upwalking instead of taking public transportation.The staff was great and the rooms very very clean.My only complaint is that the hotel has some plumbing issuesto address. Our toilet backed up but they changed our room without a problem.Overall.... book your reservation... you'll have a great time.liz	
Feb 6 2005	Great Hotel for NY	Even though the location is a bit off the beaten path (closest subway stop is a 15 minute walk), this hotel is great. Modern, clean lined decor, tastefully decorated rooms, nice bar on the top floor with great views. Coffee is offered in the lobby during the morning and there are several restaurants that deliver free of charge around the corner. My only complaint was a window shade that was permanentley stuck in the up position. A call to the front desk finally brought someone who was able to lower the shade but it remained broken and inoperable during the rest of my stay.	
Jan 27 2005	Everything elese considered I would recommend the Bentely Hotel.	We have just returned from four nights at the Bentley.(6th thru 10th Jan. 05) I was a little worried about some of the reviews that people have posted about this hotel. As it was our first time in the big apple, we really needed the hotel to be ok.Indeed the hotel was ok if a little bit away from the bright lights of down town it was just fine.The only problem we encountered with the hotel was that they stoped serving complementary breakfast on January 1, we were attracted to the Bentley because of the breakfast, but on arrival to our room we were greated by a note explaining no more breakfast, sorry!Other than this small set back our stay was pleasent.The lobby is a little tired, the coffee dock off the lobby was self service but a very worthwile addition on the cold days we encountered in NY. The rooom we had was on the fifth floor on the corner of York Road and 62nd, traffic kept us company from 5am in the morning but was not too bad, the room was a little dull but was friendly and inviting it was clean and fresh, bathroom was brighter and very clean, plenty of towles, good powerful hot shower and complementary soap and shampoos.The bed was very comfortable and the linens freash, clean and overall excellent. You can walk to Fifth Ave and Central Park altough its a 20 minute walk, we found the 3 day metro card was execellent value the number 31 bus stops outside the hotel each way and travels up and down 59th street crossing Madison, Lexenton, Fifth and Broadway just jump on and jump off, great service you can of course use the metro / subway as well, which we did and found it easy and safe to use.Overall our stay at the Bentely Hotel was enjoyable If we go back to NY which we will, I would most probley stay closer to Broadway and Fifth, Very fine hotel just a littel away from some of the action! Everything elese considered I would recommend the Bentely Hotel.Thanks Tripadvisor great resource for the bewildered traveler!	
Jan 7 2005	Very accomodating	When I arrived to check in, I was told that they were all out of rooms with two queen size beds, even though that was what I had reserved. Before I could even begin to panic, the man at the front desk told me that he was upgrading me to a suite at no extra cost. The room was great!!	
Jan 5 2005	What is your problem?!	You get what you pay for! The Bentley is in a great location - easy to get to Bloomingdales, Barneys etc etc.Great cinema very near by - independent, not part of a big chain &amp; lots of good local reataurants used by Americans &amp; very few tourists.The staff were friendly &amp; helpful, but not too 'in your face'. They spoke &amp; helped if you needed it, but didn't gush when you didn't.The doormen were particularly helpful &amp; offered maps, cabs etc whenever we looked like we needed them!The room was not huge, but was fine. The closet space was more than adeqate, with additional draw &amp; cupboard space. The bathroom was not luxurious but everything functioned - the shower was powerful, the water hot.The rooms were well cleaned &amp; toiletries etc replenished regularly. The decor trendy &amp; minimalistic - dark wood, glass &amp; chrome.The breakfast was a surprise! A bit 'do it yourself' - bagels &amp; cream cheese with toasters etc - but it was free which is pretty unusual in NYC.Maybe this hotel &amp; location won't appeal to people with young children, but it was great for us!Not a 4 star hotel I don't think, but not at all bad!	
Dec 14 2004	Excellent apart from the air con!	Stayed here in November '04, and were surprised by the similarity of the place to the pictures we had seen online and in brochures!! Very pleasant staff &amp; nicely decorated rooms. A bit off the beaten track, in terms of tourist attractions (although Central Park is only around 10 minutes away on foot). Our one concern was the hopeless air conditioning. Bearing in mind we were there in November, and it was COLD outside, the room was reminiscent of a furnace during the night!	
Dec 13 2004	Wow	I wasn't expecting much because of the price and was pleasantly surprised. Very nicely decorated rooms, fairly quiet, good view, excellent food and amazing breakfast bar view. Staff was friendly and helpful. The only thing is that there is no valet parking which was only a slight inconvenience.	
Dec 13 2004	Fairly Good	My Wife, 2 1/2 yearold Son and I stayed at The Bentley from 4 Dec - 11 Dec.I have to admit that having read some reviews about the hotel I was very worried. However, we didn't have much choice as so many other hotels were booked on 4 Dec so took the plunge and crossed my fingers...Location:Upper East Side. Quite a nice part of town with a lot less bustle that Midtown. Ritz Diner 1 block away, an excellent deli across the road, a pizzeria 2 blocks, Supermarket 2 blocks, plus a few bars and resuarants. A 5 min walk to underground (59th &amp; Lexington).Although you're never too far from anything in NYC we would have preferred to be more central. It rained almost every day which meant that by the time we'd walked 7 blocks to Midtown we were wet and cold. We spent a fair bit on yellow cabs to take us from midtown to the hotel to avoid the rain and it would have been easier (for us) to have been more central. But, I suppose it depends what you're looking to do in NYCVery close to a hospital which turned out to be handy as my Son fell off the bed and cracked his head on the corner of the bed base. He was okay but it was reassuring to be able to get him checked out quickly and efficiently within minutes.Decor / Styling:First impressions were that the place seemed dull and the fittings in the room were in need of upgrading (chipped veneer on edges of surfaces, door to bathroom had a bash in it, varnish needed re-done) however, I have to say that the place grew on me within a couple of days.I think the 'problem' with The Bentley, and possibly the reason why a lot of people seem to not warm to it, is the style of the decor and the lighting. It's a mix of stainless steel, dark wood and dim lighting. This may be cool and modern(?) however, if you are used to brightly lit hotel lobbies, lifts and corridors with light warm colours and brass fittings then it can be a culture shock walking into The Bentley. I think it's very much a taste thing. I initially thought the whole place looked like it was stuck in the 70's. However, my Wife thought it was really very nice, very 'now' and quite cool.The Rooms:I thought the size of the rooms was very acceptable. The room was far from oppulent but it was overall quite nice with a beautiful view of the 59th St. bridge and the East river. Room was cleaned daily and linen also changed daily. Air conditioner / heater in room.Good powerful showerGenerally okay although the walls are paper thin and you can hear everything...and I mean everything (I wouldn't spend your honeymoon here!)The Staff:Seemed very friendly to me and were helpful whenever we asked them for any information etc.Summary:Good hotel - Not great and no way is it 4-stars but you will have a comfortable, trouble-free stay here. If you are used to being pampered and want the classic hotel ambiance that you might expect from a Hilton or Marriott then this is the wrong hotel for you. The Bentley is a 'good enough' hotel which seems to attract a mix of business and tourist guests. It's very unpretencious and quite friendly - despite the creepy dim lighting.If you want more then go to a 'proper' 4/5 star hotel and pay more. But did you really come to NYC to stay in your hotel room?Hot tip:If you want a river view ASK YOUR BOOKING AGENT TO REQUEST THIS FOR YOU. Much negative talk about the gas station view but I suspect the people who ended up with this view didn't ask for a river view. If you don't ask you may not get and if you get the right view it is spectacular.	
Dec 7 2004	Great Hotel: and near one of the only 'smoking bars' in the city!!	My fiance and I stayed for four nights Mid-November, and a couple of our friends joined us for the weekend. We all found the hotel very comfortable and the staff were more than accomodating, especially Willy the concierge. Excellently situated and only a few blocks away from Merchants - one of the only bars in which you can still smoke!	
Nov 29 2004	Bentley was Great	We thought the Bentley was great. We were traveling with our two school-age daughters and it was perfect for a one-night stay. The room was spotless, the beds were comfortable and the staff was friendly and polite. The bellman directed us to Ritz's Diner for a great lunch and it was an easy walk up to 5th Avenue and Central Park. Taxi's were easy to come by for other jaunts.	
Nov 19 2004	one of the better 3 Star hotels although definately not a 4	Outwardly very modern and stylish -if you like minimal and dark wood; staff generally quite helpful and pleasant. We found the location quite handy and there is an excellent American diner a block away for when you are all 'bageled' out from the Bentley breakfasts.A shame though the breakfast/restaurant area is so badly in need of re-furb as it lets the rest of the hotel down.Also watch out if staying during the winter months - there is no air conditioning and yet our room was insufferably hot. Sixteen floors up there are no windows to open either! Second round of remarks to front desk brought out a technican but nothing could be done. On the whole one of the better 3 star hotels although it should never get 4.	
Nov 15 2004	Great Hotel in the Wrong Location	The hotel interiors and exterior were properly maintained. The hotel was done in a modern earthy with metal accent theme. The staffs were very friendly and accommodating. The lobby has an alcove with a huge wall of magazines and a coffee machine that makes cappuccino, espresso and latte both in regular and decaf. The machine also has a steamer if you want to steam your milk first. And it is FREE :o) The problem is the location. You have to walk 4 long uphill blocks to the nearest subway station. There was nothing to do around the hotel. I personally prefer to stay at the Upper West Side. It offers a lot more culture and life. Transportation is very convenient.	
Nov 15 2004	Clean comfortable affordable hotel in great location	I recently stayed at the Bentley Hotel for one night on a business trip. I was somewhat warry about staying at this hotel due to some of the negative reviews I had read. However, it was in a good location and in my price range, so I decided to give it a try. What I encountered exceeded my expectations. The staff was courteous and timely upon checking in. I found my room to be very clean, and while small, I had plenty of room for my luggage and to move around comfortably. The beds were somewhat soft, but contained nice linens and a light down comforter. The room temperature was comfortable and I was able to adjust it as needed. The bathroom was very clean, with soft towels, toiletry samples, and great water pressure in the shower. Several reviews I read of the hotel contained complaints about the noise. I did not experience any problems with loud neighbors and I heard only the faint rumble of traffic from the street (which I believe is to be expected in busy NYC). The hotel was in a great location, only a few blocks from restaurants, shops, and other sites. The continental breakfast consisted of juice, coffee, and bagels. The bagels were from a local bagel shop and were tasty, genuine NYC bagels. Upon my checkout, the staff was again prompt and courteous. While there are likely nicer hotels in NYC, this hotel was an excellent bargain and provided great service.	
Nov 13 2004	Excellent Location Utterly Amazing Views and an Overall Good Hotel	I read reviews that people have posted about this hotel and I simply think, did they stay at the same hotel that I did? This hotel is in New York City, emphasis on the word City. Which means that there are a lot of people crammed into a small area and things are very expensive. Hench why this hotel has small rooms and is expensive. But even then, the rooms are comparable in size to those at even the most prestigious New York hotels and those prestigious hotels that New York is known for are far more expensive than the Bentley. Yes, the lobby is kinda creepy, but it is strangly beautiful in its own right. I loved the little coffee nook off the lobby, though the coffee was a bit on the tempid side. When I first walked into my rooom I said to my self small. Then I said nice design. But when I opened my window I was in utter amazement. I had views of the Queensboro Bridge, the Tump World Tower, the UN Tower, prestigious Sutton Place, and the East River. The view alone is what makes the hotel amazing. The bed was very comfortable and the linens were excellent. The bathroom had faboulous soaps and shampoos, and it's style was very nice. The best thing about this hotel besides the view is its location. You can walk to Madison Ave, Fifth Ave, Bloomingdales, Central Park, etc. etc. And for this price there is no other hotel that can deliver this. Plus, I am pretty sure that this is the only hotel or one of the only hotels in the Upper Eastside of New York that has a Riverfront Location. If you want down-to-earth accomadations, a unpretentious enviroment, utter amazing and jaw-dropping views, and a perfect location, then stay at the Bentely Hotel. I have stayed at numerous pretigious New York hotels, and besides the service that you get at those hotels plus a lot of the creature comforts, there is no major difference between them and the Bentely Hotel that is why I recommend it to you.	
Nov 9 2004	Clean Great location compfortable	Whenever traveling in a big city, clean is hard to find. My room was spotless. The view was fabulous and I found the staff very friendly and helpful. The downfall was that it was hard to reach anyone by phone from the room, but when I went to the lobby with requests, they always immediately met my needs in a friendly, professional manner. Great location, quick walk to the subway and central park &amp; Park Ave. Not too busy of an area, so it was quite easy to get cabs too. Cute places to eat and shop nearby. I would definately stay here again. Very cute, stylish, clean room for a great price.	
Nov 2 2004	Noisy Rooms	We visited New York for the first time on 19/10/04-21/10/04 and stopped at the Bentley. We arrived at 11pm USA time and were shown to our room on 21st floor. We noticed straight away that the rooms walls were paper thin from the inside of the hotel to the outside, constant noise from the traffic, it was either taxis horns beeping or sirens..We also heard the next door couple talking, very strange...The bed was broken, on one side the bed side was touching the floor, the other side was normal,so uncomfortable, didnt dare lift the mattress!!!!The view from the bar and breakfast area is fantastic, can see for miles, also able to walk around the balcony..The breakfast was enjoyable, bagels with different toppings and good start to the day..Seemingly alot of hotels dont have complimentary breakfast.As for the staff they were friendly and helpful, apart from on departure day the receiptionist never passed a message on to the bell boy for a trolley, but never mind..When on walk about take note of the address of the hotel as we got lost one day, and even after asking a policeman they never had knowledge of the hotel or even in the hotel guide, luckily the hotel room card had the telephone number on..Would stop there again..Sarah, David and Charlotte	
Oct 12 2004	BEWARE - personal information faxed to anyone!!!!!	Stayed at the hotel for 6 nights/7 days. I paid with my credit card and the reservation was under my name.My spouse called the hotel the following day at midnight and the hotel desk clerk faxed to him my entire hotel bill including my credit card number (I'm not sure why the hotel machine prints the entire number not just the last 4 for five, as do most businesses???) with expiration date, food bill, movie bill and who knows what else. My spouse was NOT registered at the hotel nor is he an authorized signer on my credit cards. You wonder how the desk clerk even knew the person they were speaking with was my spouse. Plus my credit card was charged for the use of the fax from the hotel.I called the manager of the hotel to speak with him regarding the situation, he promised to call me back, that was in May 2004!!! I have filed complaints with the BBB and the attorney general.After 9/11, the new privacy acts including The Patriot Act have been put in place, people wouldn't be faxing information to persons who can't be verified as to who they are. No information should be faxed to anyone UNLESS the person who was registered in the hotel can provide information i.e. credit card number, dates of arrival/departure. YOUR PRIVACY AT THIS HOTEL IS NOT GUARANTEED - BEWARE!!!!!	
Sep 27 2004	Good location shame about the service and decor	I'm afraid I would have to agree with the earlier review (&quot;weird &amp; creepy&quot;). Whilst the hotel's location is good the staff (with the sole exception of the guy who fixed our safe - see later) were the most miserable bunch I've encountered in any hotel I've ever stayed at - it was our first trip to NYC and any illusions we may have had about the world famous American service standards were rapidly dispelled!! As far as the room itself went, the walls were indeed paper thin. In addition to our neighbours' lengthy and excruciatingly tedious late night discussion about their relationship (and some relaxing rap music) we were also treated to the unpleasant smell of their cigarette smoke wafting through into our room through a (locked) interconnecting door - not nice at all when you're trying to sleep. OK, we were unlucky to have noisy neighbours but the fact that the walls were so ridiculously thin just made things twenty times worse than they needed to be.The beds themselves in our room were clean and comfortable, the bathroom was small and drab. When we arrived the safe in our room had no batteries fitted and therefore didn't work although someone did come and fix it promptly when we told the management. Our TV was crappy and the remote control didn't work!!! Little things, maybe, but irritating nonetheless. Surely housekeeping should be checking stuff like this???Breakfast (which was OK) was served (with a scowl) on the top floor of the hotel - a space which could have been made stunning (great views) but was instead shabby and thoroughly uninviting. The overall impression one gets from this place is of a total lack of interest and enthusiasm from whoever owns this hotel filtering down to every level.It seems a great shame that a hotel in such a handy location and with the potential to be a great place to stay is completely let down by its tatty decor and unnerving staff. If you really just need a bed for the night then the Bentley might suit you, however we were not impressed at all. Sorry guys but we won't be staying again.	
Sep 18 2004	good hotel	I booked this hotel at the begining of the year through a British tour operater and was pleased at the look of it from its web site, then I found this web site 2 weeks before we were due to travel. After reading some of the reviews to my horror I decide to try and swap hotels to one with a better rating but due to the republican convention being in town that weekend there was no more 4 star hotels left so I deciced to risk it!. We arrived in New york on time from the uk about 1.30pm and arived at the hotel at 3pm and was met at the shuttle bus by a porter who before you knew it had the bags in side. We then checked in and was taken up to our room, which when we entered found it was occupied, luckly no one was in there at that time to save our embaresment. This was rectiffed by the desk and we got a room on the 6th floor looking out at the bridge.... oh yes and the dreaded petrol station. The room was quite, very clean, ok the furnature wasnt of the standard of the ritz and the bed was comftable. The petrol station did not bother us at all we did hear it and at the end of the day if i wanted a view of scenery i wouldnt have come to the capital of skyscrappers. The hotel I would class as a 3 star back in britain and the staff arnt quite up to the happy souls down in Disney Florida but after seeing times square and how busy that was, how does any one sleep in those hotels at night. ok the bently isnt a 2 min walk to the attractions but they are easy got to, a cab far cost be $7 from times sq. if you turn left out of the bently and cross York street the Ritz cafe is on the corner and it is cheap, clean and the food was good, great for any Brits who have travelled over and are hungry and tired if you cary on up 62nd u will cross 1st and 2nd Av eventually coming to 3rd Av turn left and Bloomingdales is down there about a 15min walk. If you decid to walk (as we did ) to times sq for the tour bus it trakes about 1 hour and several blisters. I would stay at the bently again as it was safe, quite, clean and cheap, the baggels in the morning was a good idea but as a revier said the resturant could be stunning and they would be right the view is stunning, but it reminds me more of a school dinner hall.	
Sep 17 2004	Weird and Creepy	If all you need is a place to sleep, The Bentley is o.k., the views are great, but the furniture is tattered and dirty and the bathroom is very odd. I do not recommend eating here for any meal, the food tasted stale and sorta like Chef-Boy-R-Dee. The staff leers at you creepily and you feel like you're in some weird foreign film version of &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot;. The location is convenient for the price, but this hotel looks like it's badly in need of some renovations and deep cleaning. P.S., the walls are paper thin, you hear everything.	
Sep 4 2004	Pleased with the Bentley	We just returned from 3 nights at the Bentley Hotel and we were pleasantly surprised. The price was right, the location was good (a good walk or a short cab ride to Park Ave. and Times Square - either way, enjoyable) We would definately return as the rooms were clean and nicely done, and for a hotel around the $130 price range, well worth the expenditure!	
Aug 31 2004	A Nice Surprise	I spent three days in New York at the Bentley. I'd booked it without knowing where it was in relation to anything else and without having heard anything about it. I'd booked it because it was cheap!!I decided to find out a bit more and found myself on this website where I read the reviews and whilst overall it seemed OK, I was starting to get a bit nervous, &quot;it's too far out&quot; &quot;taxis don't stop&quot;, &quot;the staff are unhelpful&quot;, &quot;there are bugs in the rooms&quot; all seemed to stand out far more than the good aspects.I am a young woman (so I like to think!)who was travelling alone in a big city where I knew no-one.I had a corner room on the top floor but one, overlooking the Queensboro Bridge. The room was large, clean if a bit tired, air conditioned with good linen and a spotless bathroom.The staff were helpful, friendly and very amenable. I could have checked in to the room already assigned to me but if I waited to check in until later in the afternoon (yes I could leave my bags there and come back later) they had a room available with a better view and why didn't I go with her now and see if I thought it was worth waiting for, I did and it was. Whilst up there she showed me round the upstairs bar and lounge area where the complimentary breakfast, coffee, juice and bagels was served every morning, with an outside terrace.The lobby was an oasis of elegant calm where a coffee machine served complimentary coffee all day.The walk from the hotel to Lexington took 7 minutes and I'm very unfit so it wasn't that far out at allI can highly recommend this hotel as a safe pleasant place to stay.I paid £75 per night including tax	
Aug 20 2004	We were pleasantly surprised	We booked the hotel on the internet - the price was good and the hotel looked nice. Then we found this site and read some of the negative reviews. We began thinking we made a mistake in choosing the Bentley. So before we arrived we shortened our stay at the Bentley to 4 days and booked two nights at a 4 star hotel in the heart of Time Square at about twice the cost. We just returned from NY and we were happier with the Bentley than the 4star hotel (even without factoring in the cost.) I was glad we were aware of the negatives of the Bentley* the Bentley is quite far from the subway but the bus/subway combination metro pass worked great for us, we enjoyed seeing NY on the bus* it is in a residential area attached to the gas station, not very glamorous when you first arrive, but kind of fun to be in with NYers and not just tourists all the time* we didn't eat at the hotel restaurant, found a lot of good choices one block up on First St.*free breakfast was only bagels, not my favorite, but at the 4star hotel - nothing was free. Their continental breakfast of bagels and pastries was $16/personWhat we liked, the room was spacious, really a one bedroom suite with a door to close off the bedroom, and two tvs (great with kids!). Room was clean, with nice decor (no bugs!) View from top floor was great and we felt comfortable just hanging out there without drinking/eating. Hotel workers were friendly and helpful. We would definately stay at the Bentley again if we were going to NY.	
Aug 18 2004	Just Lovely!!!	I would stay there again. Hotel lobby and rooms are nice. Everybody that woked there were extremely helpful and kind. The lounge on the 21st floor could use some work, but you could see the New York skyline from up there, it's beautiful at night. The location is ok, if you don't mind walking a few blocks. The closest subway is on 59th and Lexington - the hotel is on 62 and York. Overall - a nice experience! I LOVE NY!!!	
Aug 10 2004	Fine	The Bentley was just fine - not overly luxurious, but not horrible or scary. They messed up on my wakeup call, the elevator was a little dodgy, and the staff was definitely not friendly, but for one night at a good rate, it was fine. The bus stops right across the street, and it will get you across town in no time.Clean, too.	
Aug 6 2004	Don't	I booked this hotel on line. Description on website was good, in reality the hotel was awful. We only stayed one night. Take my advise and don't stay here.	
Aug 5 2004	Bentley Isn't Bad	For less than $130 a night, the Bentley is a good choice. If you're paying more than $130, you can probably do better. We stayed at the Bentley from July 26-29. Here's what we found...POSITIVES* When we checked in the staff was friendly. We had a few questions and they answered them all.* The room and bathroom were very clean and good sized. I had heard some New York City hotels had very cramped spaces, but this room was like many other hotels I'd stayed throughout the United States. The marble bathroom was nice. * The continental breakfast on the top floor is only bagles with milk or juice. No, it's not fancy. But it's a nice start to the day if you're not interested in a big breakfast.NEGATIVES* Location. It's about a 10-15 minute walk from the nearest subway station. And it's not a walk you want to make at night. Although the area appears to be fairly safe, there are very few walkers at night. If it's after dark, plan on taking a cab (about $10 fare from Midtown). The bus is an option, with a stop nearby. But standing around waiting for a bus gets kind of old.* The restaurant. The service for dinner was poor. They can't keep a drink refilled. And when we asked about something for which we were overcharged, their response was: &quot;This is a New York City restaurant.&quot; Don't waste your time or money on the restaurant. The only reason we ate there was because a rainy night forced us to stay in. If rain keeps you in, order from a restaurant that delivers to your room.WORTH NOTINGWhen making reservations, ask for a room up high with a view of the East River. It's a nice view and significantly beats the alternatives. A room down low appears to have the potential for noise and an unattractive view of the Mobil gas station located right out front.	
Jul 25 2004	I'll be back	I and a friend visited The Bentley in February 2004. It was my first visit to NYC so did not know what to expect. I was pleasantly surprised at the hotel; I loved the decor, the free coffee machine in the lobby and the service was very welcoming.The hotel is out of the way, but this is something I wanted - having seen some of the hotels on Broadway and near other bustling places like Times Square, I was glad to get away from the noise at the end of the day. The hotel offers complimentary breakfast - bagels, tea/coffee and juice. This is a great way to start the day. Like someone else mentioned, why on earth would you want to eat in your hotel when in NYC? I don't get it! The rooms were lovely. We had a view of the apartment building opposite, but so what? I was in NYC! If I wanted permanent great views I would have camped out on the top of Empire State Building for the duration of my stay. The nearest subway was about 4 blocks away but that was perfect - it gave us the opportunity to have a good look at our surroundings. I found the concierges helpful and courteous. They looked after our bags on our last day to enable us to squeeze every last miniute out of our trip. I do have two main gripes however. First of all, the air conditioning was horrible. We couldn't get the temperature right which resulted in me returning home with a nasty cold. Secondly, I had arranged to meet up with a friend who lives in the city. I told him where to contact me but the message was not passed on. I was furious. What if that had been a member of my family trying to contact me in the case of an emergency? Having said that, I'm planning a return trip in a few months. Those of you that like noise 24/7 I suggest you find somewhere on Broadway. Those of you that like the idea of staying somewhere less touristy, try The Bentley.	
Jul 22 2004	Rude and uncaring	Made a reservation directly with the hotel, had a confirmation number, and was turned away when I arrived due to overbooking. There were no other rooms available in the city. The staff did nothing to help my situation and were quite rude.	
Jun 8 2004	Bentley fair value for money	I stayed in the Bentley for a week with my 13 year old daughter - it was her first trip to New York. There were quite a few mother and daughter couples there for the shopping, theatre and so on. I found the room acceptable, with two large beds and a good bathroom. The free breakfast of coffee, bagels and juice was useful when we did not want a heavy meal. I agree the restaurant area is disappointing and could potentially be spectacular. I found the location unthreatening if slightly unglamorous (I am from London). The hotel was slightly off the beaten tourist track (though convenient for movie theatres and Bloomingdales)but taxis were not a problem and there were several convenient buses outside the door. I did not want any other services from my hotel so at the price I was perfectly satisfied and would certainly go there again. 	
May 30 2004	Plenty of room for improvement we go back for the price.	My husband and I have stayed at The Bentley three seperate times now, for business. It's not that we enjoy the hotel so much as it's a good price for NY. I would not pay more than $130. to stay there, payed $105. the last time. Our rooms have been completely different all three times, always quite spacious. Have had a great view of the bridge, also have had a room with a not so great view but instead was given a suite so there was even more room, two t.v's, sofa,etc. I wouldn't be too pleased if I ended up with the gas station view. We like to cab around NY, or walk for blocks and blocks so the location doesn't bother us but it would be out of the way for some. The elevators always seem to have a problem, make some scary noises. I enjoy the interior design, modern, chocolate and white in the lobby but the furnishings are getting trashed very quickly. The rooms are holding up a bit better. I always find them cleaned well and the neutral, warm colours are pleasing. Marble bathrooms are nice, in good condition. I agree with other reviewers, the concierge is not really friendly or helpful. This is not a place where the service will blow you away. I actually don't expect anything from them so I don't get disapointed. Although there are a few nice people the service is very basic. Check out the rooftop for the view but don't expect much from your bagel and juice. They could really fix it up and have a beautiful spot up there. That goes for the entire hotel I guess. If they did though, we wouldn't get it for such a cheap price. 	
May 25 2004	Hated the Bentley! They have Bugs!	This hotel was horrible! i found bugs on my mattress and i had to ask them several times to send me to another room. the service was horrible. i ended up having to go to a different hotel that night. the rooms are very small!! dont let the beautiful pictures fool you!	
May 19 2004	terrible	I booked the hotel via the Internet ‘last minete.com. From the description it sounded lovely. When we arrived we were allocated a room over looking the petrol station just under the hotel. The room was very noisy (I asked for a quite room on the top floor) the service was appalling, the staff did not care about anything, the restaurant was truly very bad indeed, service, food &amp; price! Breakfast was a joke! The rooms were dirty, the lights did not work. The concierge leapt at you to grab your case to receive a tip. I say, save your money go somewhere else!!!	
May 15 2004	Great hotel...We were very pleased!!!	My father and I had never been to New York before, so when I booked a hotel I had no idea what area I wanted, or what to expect. I chose the Bentley because of the great price they were offering in September. I prayed the pictures they displayed on their website would be equal to the actual hotel. Once we arrived at the Bentely I have to admit we were more than pleased. A beautiful hotel, very large room with 2 double beds, and an amazing view of the gondala lifts to Rosevelt Island, as well as the Queensboro Bridge. The beds were pure heaven, and the comforters were like feathers. The hotel's view from its roof are spectacular. Not only do they have a nice walking area that encircled the hotel roof, but many chairs where you could sit at night and enjoy a smoke and take in the view. And what a view it was, from all sides you have an incredible view of the city from every angle, and I confess I spent much time gazing off that roof. The hotel also has an excellent restraraunt on the top floor, where we enjoyed breakfast and dinner. The food was very good and reasonably priced. The staff was extremlly friendly and out rooms were always spotless when we returned home from a day of sight seeing. The front desk even watched our bags all day, on the morning we checked out, so that we could spend a few more hours in the city before our flight, without worrying about our luggae. The only minor problem the Bentley has is the actual location. It is only 5 blocks to the subway, and during the day this is a wonderful walk full of intresting sights and sounds. But at night it is NOT a place you want to be strolling around. Its pretty deserted at night, and not near any bars, or food places that are 24 hours. If you want to go out at night, you also need to call a taxi, since it is not a high traffic area and taxis do not pass by there all the time. But if you like hotels that are quiet and off the beaten path, this is the place to go, and the view is worth it.My father and I are returning to New York this summer and since I wanted to experience the night life we decided to stay at another hotel that is owned by the same company, the Ameritania right on Broadway. It will be noisy, loud and busy but this time that is what we are looking for. I only pray that it is as nice as the Bentley, and we both plan on returning to The Bentley on our visist next year because we love the hotel so much. I highly recommend this hotel, we loved it and I know you will too!	
May 5 2004	A real dissapointment!!!	You need to make sure you have your tennis shoes, The Bentley is way out of the way. You have to be careful when you step out of the building or you could be run over by a vehicle going to the Mobil station that is right on top of the hotel. We had a quad room non smoking reserved and paid for but did not receive it. Ask for a wakeup call and had friends calling and our phone never rang the whole stay. Our neighbors complained about our t.v. being to loud, we had no way to adjust the volume. I could go on and on about the little things. My advise is to stay somewhere else. This hotel in my opinion is a 1 star.	
Apr 12 2004	One of the worst	I had the unfortunate experience of spending a night in the Bentley hotel on 30th March 2004. On arrival we were &quot;greeted&quot; by possibly two of the rudest doormen, the reception staff were in no way better. I would definitley not recommend this hotel to anyone, friend or foe!	
Mar 23 2004	One word to describe it :- A Magic Hotel !	Our stay at the Bentley Hotel was re-arranged at the last minute because the Empire Hotel shut down the week before. What a bargain. The rooms were spacious, the staff pleasant and the complimentary breakfast a bonus. The hotel is a bit out of the way but the bus stop across the road will get you into times square in 10 minutes. Don't get me wrong it isn't the ritz which is where all those people who are negative about the bentley should go and stay. They would soon complain then about the prices !! We went in March and the temperature in the room was fine. Go on book it but dont forget your trainers if you don't like public transport.	
Mar 23 2004	top dollar	stayed at the bentley hotel in march 2004.excelent hotel.very friendly very helpful.hotel room very clean beds changed daily.great location to the subway about 5 mins walk away.all in all great value hotel and would definetly stay there again.	
Mar 18 2004	Cosy spot once you get there!	This is the third (and our least favourite) location of the Amsterdam Hospitality Group of hotels we have tried since August 2002. It is situated at the end of a quiet and dark street, adjacent to a Mobil gas station. If you come, arrive in daylight. The staff are very courteous, knowlegeable and professional, our hotel room amazingly spacious and the almost panoramic view from the 21st floor breakfast room breathtaking. The hotel is 2 blocks from the Roosevelt Island cable car station (costs the same as a regular subway ride) and down the block from a cluster of hospitals. It is a perfect location for visiting family or friends in one of these hospitals, but a bit out of the way for travellers who like to be in the middle of the action. If you stay here, get a metrocard so that you can hop on the M31 bus that passes right by the hotel.	
Mar 18 2004	great hotel	my husband and i visited nyc and stayed at the bentley hotel last may, we found the hotel very modern, the room had fantastic views and was very clean. the free coffee and breakfast was much appreciated the only downside was that public transport to other attractions was quite a long walk from the hotel but we found that the cabs were quite cheap to use. i would recommend this hotel without hesitation.	
Feb 20 2004	beware the bentley hotel	We had booked 2 triple rooms at the Bentley through a reputible travel agent. On arrival at the hotel, midnight on 14 Feb, the reception staff stated that we had no reservation there. We now know this to be false. We ended up staying at a hospital residency 9 blocks away! The Bentley is over booking people, so beware, the same may happen to you too. You too may be abandoned on the streets as we were.	
Feb 9 2004	Great Deal!	if you are paying for the hotel yourself or trying to save your business some money - this is a great place to stay to get a good deal. My room was great with a view of the skyline and was spacious and clean. Loved the 21st floor breakfast room - what an incredible view! I drove to NYC for the weekend and the parking garage is pretty well priced for manhattan ($20/day). Overall the location is out of the way but it suited my needs for a nice, clean place that was very well priced. (under $130/nt).	
Feb 1 2004	Bentley is COLD	We just stayed at The Bentley Jan, 2004. One suggestion, dress warm if your staying here in the winter!!! For the price ($97) we had a very nice room with a nice view. The King bed and 4 huge down-filled pillows were the most comfy I've ever had in any hotel. Our room was warm and cozy, but everywhere else in the hotel was freezing. The hallways, elevators, lobby, library, &amp; top-floor lounge were so cold. (And we're used to extreme-cold living in SD) The lounge would be awesome in the spring, summer, or fall, but when it's only 25degrees in Jan., you needed a winter coat to sit in the lounge. One night we went up to eat, ordered our food, and 1 hour later and half frozen the waiter informed us the kitchen &quot;lost&quot;our order. So, believe it or not we reorderd, and waited another 40 minutes...and still no food... so we finally left. That was by far the worst experience of our 4 night stay. We went back up 2 nights later for cocktails, but we definitely ate somewhere else before going back to hotel. The morning bagels &amp; beverages was nice. So, I would guess that if the temp was warmer while in NY, we would've enjoyed our stay very much!! Again, very very comfy bed and pillows!	
Jan 27 2004	Very Average........	I would not recommend this hotel. On the whole, the staff were ignorant and not really interested in helping in any shape or form.Hotel rooms were poor and we had to change rooms three times due to severe condensation saturating the carpets through to heaters not working.Location was fine and there are some reasonable bars near by.If I were to go to NYC again, I would definetly NOT stay here	
Jan 13 2004	Bargain!	A very pleasant hotel! Clean and comfortable rooms and we didn't have any problems with noise considering we were above a petrol station and next to an animal shelter. The restaurant on the 21st floor had wonderful views of the Manhattan skyline. We had no complaints about the location as it was only a 20 min walk to Central Park and cab fares are reasonable if you want to go downtown. Very impressed considering we paid so little to stay in New York!	
Jan 10 2004	good deal	reading some of the reviews, we did not know what to expect. we stayed one night and found the hotel to be pretty decent. the location is not the most convenient but it is close to the Central Park. considering what i paid for it was worth the money.	
Oct 29 2003	Press the yellow button	There is only one way to describe this hotel and the word is &quot;strange&quot;. The location is not bad, if you walk 1 block the neighbourhood is quiet but with enough restaurants etc. A good place for people who dont fancy the turmoil of Broadway. The suites have reasonably dimensions for a New York Hotel and we could even laugh about the depressed artist who chooses the colours for the interior design and those awful flower statues. But the problem is...The staff !. Try to get room service and they tell you on Monday... no sorry not after 10 am.... On Tuesday...sorry not before 10 am and on Thursday...a simple answer to the question do you have room service ... a simple NO and the NO room service person hangs up the phone ! We decided that it was a lottery... one could win room service if one called at the right moment. Then we wanted to watch a movie on the movie channel. &quot;Press the yellow button, a womans voice said huskily on the channel... but... we looked and looked but no yellow button on the remote... The desk clerk could not help but after some pressure decided that the ultimate solution would be a change of rooms instead of a change of TV's there was a yellow button on the remote in the other room. But of course it did not work. Maintenance was called and could not offer a solution but after some persuasive phrases spoken to him in his own language was all of a sudden capable of fixing the problem. The chambermaid was so discrete she didnt even empty the trashcans or cleaned the room. Only linen and towels where changed. On the famous topside restaurant turned out to be a cafeteria that tried to look like a truckers roadside restaurant, not the place for a romantic evening overlooking the skyline.. We had a good time in the Bentley cause we were in a good mood and could laugh at these things. End yes its not the end of the world all this minor mishaps. But on the other hand, If the Bentley pretends to be a 4 star hotel and let people pay 250 dollars a night for a suite... then give the service that comes with those pretensions. People would like a cup of coffee delivered at their room, would like clear answers and a little bit of service then it could be a real hotel instead of an imitation of an old English TV series &quot;falwty towers&quot; about a crazy hotel owner and his even more crazy staff who hated their guests.	
Oct 15 2003	Annonimouse	This hotel is brilliant i loved every minute of it. I couldnt find one fault with this hotel at all. The sign said ouside come as guests, leave as friends. And it was very clean to say the least. Peter Kay would be very proud.	
Sep 1 2003	Could have been much better		
Aug 13 2003	never again		
Aug 11 2003 	Great car lousy hotel		
Aug 6 2003	Great Place		
May 19 2003	Save Your Money		
Apr 3 2003	Excellent Boutique Hotel		
Jan 8 2003	Ruined my New Year break!		
Jan 2 2003	Wonderful hotel		
Sep 9 2002 	Good		
Mar 21 2002	good place		
Mar 21 2002	Sehr gutes Hotel mit 1a Zimmern		
Nov 26 2009 	Hotel economico y en Manhattan		
Nov 3 2009 	Bentley hotel: super hotel		
Oct 4 2009 	juega a la primitiva		
Aug 25 2009 	hotel carino anche se non all'altezza di un 4 stelle		
Aug 21 2009 	klasse hotel		
Aug 18 2009 	Bien pero ojo		
Aug 17 2009 	non potevo aspettarmi di meglio...		
Aug 7 2009 	Assolutamente Consigliato		
Aug 7 2009 	Camere molto belle		
Aug 2 2009 	Un bon choix pour NYC		
Jul 1 2009 	addetti alla concierge ed alla reception: precari assunti a giornata.....		
Jun 3 2009 	Buen hotel lejos de las principales atracciones turísticas		
May 30 2009 	Tenemos solo comentarios positivos		
May 21 2009 	qué vistas!!!		
May 18 2009 	ils ne rendent pas la monnaie		
Jan 27 2009 	Il nostro Natale 2008 al Benley di New York		
Jan 19 2009 	Desastroso.La peor relacion calidad-precio		
Jan 7 2009 	Das Hotel sowie das Personal einfach genial!.		
Dec 12 2008 	ottima esperienza		
Oct 18 2008 	Excellent séjour		
Oct 1 2008 	Impresionante hotel en la City		
Aug 31 2008 	Un très bon hôtel		
Aug 26 2008 	No está del todo mal.		
Aug 16 2008 	Asequible y cómodo		
Jul 1 2008	esperienza positiva al Bentley Hotel NYC		
Jul 1 2008 	acogedor y tranquilo no demasiado centrico		
Jun 27 2008 	Guter Preis leider etwas abgewohnt.		
Jun 12 2008 	Absolut empfehlenswert		
Feb 23 2008 	buon albergo il bentley		
Feb 7 2008 	Séjour Agréable		
Oct 2 2007 	Bonitas vistas un lugar tranquilo		
Aug 19 2007 	Séjour merveilleux grace à		
Jul 28 2007 	El mejor en el Upper East Side		
Jul 17 2007 	Funcionalidad a buen precio		
Jun 14 2007 	Gran Hotel		
Jun 2 2007 	Quedamos muy satisfechos de nuestra estancia		
Mar 28 2007	Sehr gut immer wieder		
Oct 26 2006 	Bently. Tranquilo y acogedor		
Aug 9 2006 	Buen Hotel Buena Situación y Buen trato		
