	Okay to stay at this hotel.	Liked this hotel eventhough it is in a funny area. 24 hr auto shop across the street, stables for the Central Park Horse just up the street and high rise building construction on one side. It looks like it's in the middle of nowhere but it is in fact close to everything. Felt safe enough to go out for a smoke at night. Not the biggest rooms but clean and the staff was friendly and recommanded an excellent restaurant for dinner.	
Nov 10 2009 	space-heater-heated cold smokey room with a alarm repeatedly sounding	The Best Western Convention Center Hotel has confirmed that they rented out not only my room but other rooms as well without working heating systems with overnight low temperatures of 42 degrees in New York City. The management said, &quot;We told them that it was simply unacceptable for our guests to stay in our hotel without heat.&quot; Unbelievably, the management then rented out these rooms with small space-heaters without any respect for their customers or their brand.I paid for a king-sized-bed room. Without any warning, I slept a twin-sized bed in the cold with a smokey space-heater that caused the smoke alarm to repeatedly wake me. My important trip was adversely impacted. The management says twin beds with space heaters with 42 degree outside temperatures are in keeping with Best Western's brand. Only a smokey room is slightly inconvenient. They offered a 10% discount.I have stayed in no-name extremely inexpensive hotels in the wintertime in mainland China who have a standard of quality that vastly exceeds Best Western's. In Manhattan there is no reason to ever willingly accept this situation.If you are forced to stay here check for two twin beds (each with their own set of sheets) deceptively hidden under a single king-sized bedspread. When I complained, the management called this their idea of a &quot;California King.&quot; This seems like a simply illegal bait and switch to me. Immediately check to make sure the heating and cooling system works. Immediately verify that your smoke alarm will not repeatedly sound during the night. Wait, I believe this is impossible, I advise staying in any of the plethora of other hotels that have heat and at least a modicum of concern for their guests and their reputation.	
Nov 6 2009 	Central Convenient Location - Lovely Hotel	First time in NY and found this hotel. Very reasonably priced for the centre of NY. Everything really convenient - a couple of blocks from Times Square, Subway Station and bus centre. Rooms really clean and quite good size for me and my friend. Very reasonable breakfast included in the price (choices of cereals, toast, pastries etc). Not the most appealing outlook with a garage and building site beside, but no complaints on the noise. Very quiet location. Hotel service very good as staff sorted out everything we requested.	
Oct 15 2009 	nice location	nice location at one block of Times Square, the hotel was ok, good just a week end... nice room but no curtains so hard to sleep with the BIG sign of the hotel in front of my window...	
Oct 14 2009 	If you need to be close to the Javits this place is just fine.	Completely adequate hotel. Rooms small but clean, Wifi works okay, TV doesn't have a zillion channels, but it has CNN and Weather. Continental breakfast is fine if you don't need sausage and eggs and pancakes. The location is what it is: if you need to be close to the Javits center, you can't get any closer. The street is totally industrial, but in fact is never empty since there's a 24-hour auto body shop across the street (catering to taxicabs). Didn't feel unsafe. Plenty of cabs on 10th Avenue any time. Also a 24-hour Dunkin Donuts (in a gas station) and a great little bar/restaurant, Hudson Yards, on 10th and 35th. Amazingly quiet hotel--but the street can be a bit noisy, so make sure you get a room in the back. In a couple of years, this area will be filled with high rises and will be very different, but for now, the hotel is definitely recommended if you need to be in that spot.	
Oct 9 2009 	Not what I expected	The hotel is in a weird area, 2 or 3 blocks up it is ok to walk at night, in the hotel block is not at all! The room was small, even though the bed was big. The matress was old, so it would hurt my back everynight.. there wasnt lots of space to walk in the room. My room smells like cigarettes even if the hotel is 100% non-smoking. The breakfast is thw weirdest thing! All comes in plastic! And is not very tasty... There aren't many channels to choose from on TV, but there is wireless inet in the rooms. Bathroom was quite ok. Reception also.	
Oct 8 2009 	Pros and Cons	I recently spent 3 nights at this hotel while attending a conference at the Javits Convention Center in midtown Manhattan. My experience:It's in a weird-but not scary-neighborhood. There's a big 24 hour taxi repair place right across the street, a building under construction on the right and a horse barn of some kind ('m not kidding!) on the left. But I walked around til 11 pm by myself every night I was there and didn't feel unsafe at all.It can be noisy. The noise isn't from the other rooms or from the hallways, but from the outside. But I'm a mountain girl, so maybe I'm a bit sensitive on this point. Anyway, I always travel with earplugs, so it wasn't a big deal.There's nothing fancy about it, but it's clean and has everything you need, plus a little more, like a pc and printer in the lobby for guest use.The staff was really nice and helpful, which is always a big plus in my book.They feed you a continental breakfast -nothing fancy, but you'll find something to hold you over - cereal, toast, muffins, jiuce, etc.The absolutely best thing was the location. Truly just a half a block from the 11th Avenue entrance of the Convention Center! It's also just 7-8 blocks to Times Square - maybe a 20 minute trek by foot.The in-room wifi was free and better than I've experienced in most hotels. The clientelle is average folks on a budget from all over the world and they all seemed happy to be there. It was half the price of other hotels in the area and I was not disappointed.	
Oct 5 2009 	NYC: Expensive	One assumes that if there is a convention nearby, this is a great place to stay. For the casual visitor to New York City...not so much. The location is not great for transportation by train, but there are plenty of taxi's. It is across the street from what must be a 24 hour auto shop, which seems to like drilling in the night. There is also a train track next door and once a day the place shudders with the train going by. We were treated to on our first day no to no elevator and the second day, no hot water between 12-3 pm. Once inside, it not the largest room, but for the money you can surely find smaller. We actually had a great view. It did feel a little lonely out there on 10th Avenue and that may be its biggest drawback.	
Sep 26 2009 	Good value for money 15 minuse walk form subway	I booked this hotel using the betting option at priceline.com. We got a room at the high season of September for 120$/night – good value for money for a hotel in Manhattan. Hotel is clean. Rooms are small, but good enough after walking all day. It is including continental breakfast. One disadvantage is the location. It is located at west 38th street. 15 minutes walking form a subway station. But it is safe to walk around at night.There is a train that passes near the hotel. Sometimes too noisy.	
Aug 3 2009 	Clean and Comfortable....Great Bargain!	Having never been to NYC before, I wasn't expecting alot from this hotel for the price. I was pleasantly surprised! The location looked a little funky, but once inside, the front desk staff was courteous and friendly and the lobby was clean and cheerful. Once in our room, it was small, but clean with a comfortable bed. We felt very safe there and had a excellent experience! I would stay there again for sure!	
Jul 30 2009 	You Pay for Location	On 38th a block from Javits Ctr., able to park the company van between Javits and Hotel after unloading to exhibit. Was able to access it during my multiday stay w/o extra charge.Great to walk to Javits in the morning without finding a car or show shuttle. My associates were able to go back to the room during the show to take a break and make confidential phone calls. Walked to nearbly restaurants and got gifts in times square. Overall good, new foam style mattress, internet and cell coverage dependable. Had some difficulties with rates as we added and dropped reservations in weeks and days prior to the show. One $ 200 dollar room went up to approx. $ 500, ouch! Continental Breakfast ok.	
Jun 22 2009 	Not bad at all	I searched high an low for a good affordable hotel which was not rat infested!!!! The Western is not bad at all. It is basically a travelodge. Clean small sized room. Nice power shower. Had a safe. 10-15 minute walk from times square and Maceys. Breakfast consists of cereal, doughnuts and bagels.The hotel is opposite a 24hr mechanic which can be noisy therefore you ideally want a room at the back of the hotel rather than the front otherwise ear plugs do the job just fine.They are building skyscareprs either side of the hotel but never heard a peep from there so dont worry when u get there that it will noise central!!! It really isnt.The area does not look all that great but in a week never experienced any probs and on occassion was walking back at 2-3am.Overall it is a great hotel for the price	
Jun 21 2009 	Decent hotel at affordable rates	The hotel is good value for money. It is located slightly away from times square and Broadway, the buzzing areas of NYC. Otherwise, the hotel has good amenities, very helpful staff.	
May 9 2009 	Good enough!	It's a Best Western and knowing that NYC in this price range offers postage stamp-sized rooms, it worked out fine. I had some hesitation reading reviews here, but the staff was terrific, the rooms were fine, complimentary breakfast a huge convenience, and all in all was satisfied. Especially with the staff. I was one of the few Americans here, with Europeans making up the majority of guests. Breakfast was typical BW continental style. Remember that the rooms are very small (which is typical in NYC) and they could stand updating but free WiFi and breakfast with a relatively central location? You're good to go!	
Apr 17 2009 	Spend the Extra $ to stay somewhere else	My husband an I took Super Shuttle from the airport and were one of the last to get dropped off. We watched everyone go to these nice looking hotels and then drove through a not-very-nice looking part of time and voila, this was the Best Western. The help staff was very nice, however when we got to our floor, the entire floor smelled like smoke. And when we opened the door to the room it was almost as if the bed touched all four walls. I don't think our luggage would have even fit in the room with us. The place would be good for young travelers really trying to save some money, but for a married couple trying to have a nice stay in NYC it is not the place. We didn't stay the night and instead went to the Courtyard Marriott. Twice the price, but still a good deal for Manhattan and MUCH more comfortable.	
Mar 27 2009 	bit of the beaten track but good value	I ahve to admit the walk from Penn station a bit long about 15 mins and the area didn't look too good but overall the rooms were basic but it served a purpose and if you just want somewhere to get your head down it certainly does the job. Breakfast okay but it is free. Would possibly stay again if in New York.	
Feb 17 2009 	Couldn't beat price at that location	I raved about it. For midtown Manhattan the price was great. In fact, it was so good I was wary until I got there and saw my room. Small, sure, but I couldn't see much difference with a Holiday Inn Express room. Breakfast was basic, but filling and included in the price. WiFi in the room worked well, which is important to me when I travel. In fact the only quibble I had was when I asked where I could find a plug adapter for my laptop. I'd forgotten mine. The guy at the desk told me to go all the way to 48th and 8th Ave, but I found one only two blocks away on 8th Ave between 37th &amp; 38th.I recommended it to everyone I met on the trip.	
Jan 29 2009 	Great value!	I think that this was a great hotel for the money....via Priceline. The room was small but very clean and always pretty quiet. It is a little out of the way but you walk from Times Square, right near a firestation and then are there so it's not too bad plus there is always the taxi option.	
Jan 21 2009 	Economical and Nice Location	I stayed for 4 days there and it was very pleasant. I walked everyday to Times Square and Broadway, which is about 10-15 mins. Room was small and clean, but the bedskirt was ripped. Continental Breakfast was pretty good. This Hotel is really good for the people who are in NYC for sightseeing and spend most of the time outside their room.Hotel has a security service which charges $1 per bag to hold.	
Jan 4 2009	Worst Western	So, I obviously I stayed at a two star hotel, and I’m not expecting the amenities of the Ritz Carton, but this place was a TOTAL dump. Where do I start? First of all we got a King size bed, which was actually two beds put side by side to make it look like a king. That wasn’t that bad. But the room was SO small. The room had an armoire with hangers where you could hang up your clothes because there was no closet. But you couldn’t open up the armoire all the way because the room was too small and it hit the bed. The hotel’s location is pretty crappy because it’s about a 15 minute walk from the closest subway station. There’s nothing around the hotel, and the neighborhood is a bit shady. (next to a gentleman’s club) Our room was fairly clean minus the several pubic hairs I saw on our comforter, and on our counter in the bathroom. Gross!!! The thing that bugged me the most was that the major TV networks did not work on our TV. When I went to complain to the hotel, they said that there was nothing they could do because there was construction going on next door. I tried 2 times to talk to a manager about getting some sort of compensation, but the manager had not been on duty. I called the hotel and spoke with the manager and he said that because I had gotten a low rate through Priceline ($107 before taxes) that they couldn’t compensate me anymore. They did offer to give me a discount the next time I stayed there, and I explained to the manager thank you, but I will never stay there again. This should be rated a 1 star hotel. I do not recommend!!	
Dec 3 2008 	Nice -you get what you pay for location is worst feature	Clean, functional room. Good for a short stay where you will not be in the room very much. The location is bad (didn't feel unsafe, just not appealling), in a desolate area with construction and train noise once the sun comes up. So if you just need a clean, cheap place to sleep, don't mind an &quot;ugly&quot; location and can get a cheap price, this may be worth a try. I booked on Hotwire so wasn't sure what hotel I would get until I paid. I've done better for about the same price in NYC.	
Nov 1 2008	Bed Bugs	I am pretty positive I brought home bed bugs from this hotel. They started infesting my apartment around the same time we got home from our vacation. They have made our lives a nightmare.	
Sep 16 2008	Good hotle	We stayed in the hotel for 5 nights.Rooms are more than OK, not too small. it depens on what you seek. If you just seek a place to sleep this is a great hotel. Our room was always clean, fresh towells, fresh sheets etc etc.Breakfast was ok, no complains at all. Don't expect too much but it's goodThe neighbourhood is not unsafe, really we walked their at 2-3 AM, no probs at all. 10min walk from times square and subway.Fact is that they are working next to hotel so their is some noise very early but we never noticed it because we were so tired after a whole day of walking around the city :)If you want luxe you have to book the Hilton of the Plaza but you will also pay the prize.This is a very good for it's prize (if you compare with others) hotel with hard working people. Great for tourists	
Sep 10 2008 	Thieves in the room	When we checked in I foolishly mentioned that we'd just been to Mexico City. We got to our room and the room safe was locked closed. We called the front desk to report it and they said they would take care of it that evening or the next day. We hid our passports in our clothes and went out to dinner. When we got back our passports were gone. The keys are of the card type and are renewed upon each check in.	
Sep 3 2008 	First time in New York	If you are out and about you don't need a room at the Ritz, this hotel will serve your purpose. We stayed for 5 nights and returned each night to sleep and plan our next day. Rooms were clean but on the small side, the breakfast had a good selection and the walk to downtown was average distance. Made my way around to a play, the US open tennis and the David Letterman Show. Would love to return to Manhattan and would have no problem staying again at this location.	
Aug 27 2008 	Very convenient for a tourist stay in NYC	I book a room for 4 people. Two adults and two teenagers.The hotel is well located and good price compared to other hotel of NYC. The staff is very kind and works very hard. The breakfast is good.Only drawbacks: the only lift is very slow and the rooms are not large but the beds are comfortable. 10 minutes to reach the subway. A recommendation is to use the taxi by night, it's cheap : 7US$ from time square to the hotel and it's more safe.By the small window, you can see the river. Wifi is for free in the hotel and there is a safety box.	
Aug 24 2008 	A great hotel; Not the greatest location	I stayed at the Best Western Convention Center Hotel in New York City from August 15 - 22, 2008. I visit New York City almost every summer for about a week, and was a bit scared when I got this hotel through Priceline. The hotel itself is quite nice. The bed was comfortable, and the room wasn't too small. The best part about staying here was the free breakfast and free hi-speed internet. Internet is available at a terminal in the lobby, or you can borrow an ethernet cable to use with your laptop in your room. Breakfast was available between 7 and 10am, and consisted of various cereals, bagels, toast, danishes, muffins, apples and bananas, orange juice, apple juice and coffee. Simple, but just what you need to get you going in the morning.The location of the hotel was a bit of a downside. It took me almost half and hour to walk to one of the Broadway shows one evening just because there were so many people around. The hotel is located southwest of Times Square on 38th street at 10th Avenue. The neighbourhood isn't unsafe, but I'd avoid walking near the Port Authority. Lots of homeless people around there at night. I felt it was a bit far from many things. If you have problems walking, don't stay here. If you don't mind a good walk (I walked everywhere, from the hotel to the Guggenheim in the upper 80's, and to the southern tip of Manhattan Island), this hotel isn't so bad.There are many more centrally located hotels, but if you don't mind walking, this is an affordable alternative.	
Aug 6 2008 	MIRROR FELL ON TOP OF HUSBAND AND IT WAS PUT ON THE BILL!	My husband was going to take a shower before retiring for the evening. There was no rubber bath mat nor was there a towel type mat in the bathroom. A set of towels for each of us was provided, with no extra towel. He looked at the bottom of the tub, and there were faint gray ovals on the bottom of the tub. He assumed that this meant that it was a non-slip surface by looking at it, especially since no mat was provided. He turned on the water, and then started to get into the shower. His foot slipped out from under him and he fell heavily to the floor, taking the shower curtain and its rings with him. He fell with such force that the mirror fell from the wall above the sink, broke against the edge of the sink, and then landed on top of him. (The mirror was attached to the wall with only two small flat clips.) Small pieces of the mirror cut his chest, legs, hands, and near his ear. These were all small cuts, nothing major, and I always pack band-aids just to be on the safe side. Luckily he was not badly hurt, especially when you are talking about a 61 year old man falling in the manner that he did. I called the front desk and told them what had happened. A gentleman came up and tried to clean up the shards from the mirror, but there were small pieces that he was unable to get up with the broom. I called the front desk while he was in the room and asked if we could move to another room since the bathroom floor wasn’t safe to walk on without shoes, but I was told that no other room was available that evening. The man who came to help us got us a new shower curtain and brought up some ceiling tiles to put on the floor along with some extra towels. He couldn’t find any shower curtain rings, so he brought me some pieces of string for me to use to put the shower curtain up. I had cleaned up the blood with the wash cloth and he told me to just put that in the trash can, which I did. The next morning I went down to the front desk and asked to speak to the manager. I was told that he would not be in until Monday morning. Our phone number was taken down and I was given a card with the hotel information on it. I asked the man at the desk to please let housekeeping know that the floor really needed to be carefully mopped since there were still tiny pieces of mirror on the floor. This was done. No new shower curtain rings were put up; the mirror was not replaced. We were given a towel type bath mat.On Sunday morning we went to the front desk to check out and were told that a $130 charge for the mirror and a $10 charge for the curtain rings were added to our bill since we broke them. Once again I went through the entire account, and the young woman then removed the charges, but we were told that they might be put back on our bill on Monday. I reiterated that we wanted the manager to call us. Our daughter noticed that the notes that were sitting on the front desk had highlighted the statement that we broke the mirror, not that there was a fall and the mirror fell off the wall and broke on top of my husband.. This entire ordeal has left us extremely disappointed with Best Western Hotels. To begin with, this event never should have occurred. You either provide your guests with a bath mat of some sort, or your tubs have non-slip surfaces. You should also mount your mirrors with a stronger type of anchoring system than what was used. If and when an unfortunate event like this does occur, you do not bill your guests for damages that occurred through no fault of their own. We were upset that this happened to him to begin with, and billing us for the mirror and shower curtain rings made matters a hundred times worse. All that my husband wanted to do was take a shower safely. That certainly is not too much to ask of a hotel.The manager has yet to call us, and it is over a week since this happened. He told the Best Western people to say that he was sorry. They have also asked him repeatedly to call us. The charges were not added back on to the bill, and the owner did not make any other adjustment to our charges to compensate us for this. I can't imagine what would have happened if he had broken his hip when he fell.	
Jul 27 2008	Misleading Best Western - Parking almost a mile away	This place was absolutely horrible! I read a few reviews, and thought I'd take a chance because I usually like the Best Western brand and enjoy earning points for my stays.However, I would not recommend this place. Just as the other reviewers stated, the hotel is in an isolated area of Manhattan. It's just 2 blocks from the Lincoln Tunnel exit, and I wouldn't recommend walking to/from the hotel at night. Parking was the worst part. You leave the keys with Central Parking, the official parking for this Best Western hotel, and you walk 2 schleps (which are 2x regular city blocks), plus another 2.5 blocks to get to this hotel. The sidewalks you have to use to get to the hotel are all blocked off, under construction, or have potholes in them (I know - strange for sidewalks to have holes in them!). It's a long walk, and the hotel staff 'forgot' to mention this. Instead, they said, &quot;Oh it's not far away at all.&quot;It was.Also, the nearest subway station is just about as far as the parking lot, and the station is next to a NYPD police station -- so you can imagine the riftraft hanging near there after being released. I would highly, highly recommend staying at another hotel, even if it's pricier, because the inconvenience and lack of service at this hotel is not worth its 'low' price. Oh - and parking is an additional $30 by the way, which is NOT included in your hotel rate/stay. The hotel staff didn't even know where the nearest cabs were, nor did they have names or phone numbers so that we could call a cab...totally useless staff.	
Jul 20 2008 	Stay here only if you are DESPERATE	The All Star Game was being played in New York and every hotel room was taken, or so it seemed according to my travel agent. I was booked at this hotel. The people at the desk are nice and helpful. The problem is the room. It is essentially 12 feet by 12 feet.. no exaggeration. The bed, desk, lamps, chair and closet are all crowded into that little tiny. area. The hotel is located across from a 24/7 car repair shop that fixes New York cabs all night long so the tire machines and all the other related machinese are banging all night long. The Amtrak train track runs alonside the hotel so all the trains go up and down and you hear all that noise as well, in addition to New York's Finest Fireman racing to a fire and blaring their sirens as they go. The firehouse is only a block away. You don't have to go to Broadway for entertainment. You will get it live and in concert all night long.. I fully guarantee it.	
Jul 17 2008 	Hated this hotel	This is the last time I will use Priceline. For $179 a night, I dont think its too much to expect a clean place. This is a dirty run down hotel with EXTREMELY cramped rooms and very worn everything. But worse is the location, in the middle of a block of buildings all at various stages of construction, and with trains, trucks etc. running all night and a very noisy mechanics place right opposite the entrance. There are no restaurants or shops nearby and one has to walk a couple of blocks even to find a taxi, which do not cruise past the hotel. Under no circumstances would I recommend staying here.	
Jul 9 2008 	Good value cheerful staff and isolated location	The Best Western Convention Centre Hotel (BWCCH) is great value if you pay less than $200/night. I booked the BWCCH through Priceline and bid (and paid) $150/night. May sure you try even a lower bid, as others have paid less.Yes, as with other reviews, I was quite sad when I got the reply from Priceline that I got the BWCCH. Having lived in Manhattan and visited a number of times, I had no idea the BWCCH even existed. It really is in the middle of no where, except for being a block from the Jarvits Convention Centre. It's a very fast 12 minute walk to the A, C &amp; E subway line, which you can enter at 40th street and 8th avenue. I never felt unsafe walking back at 1 a.m. in the morning, but the area was quite deserted.I stayed in Room 1104 (top floor, 2 double beds). The room is actually quite a bit bigger than other Manhattan hotel rooms which I've stayed (in particular the minature-sized 30-30 Hotel). The bathroom is nice, clean and modern. The bed and mattress was very comfortable. I did notice that I got a few bites on my arms during my stay - not sure if it was bed bugs or something else I came into contact with during my stay in Manhattan.The free breakfast was okay. It consisted of: cereal, milk, juice, muffins, apples, bananas, doughnuts and bagels. It was not spectacular; rather, it did the trick until late lunch. I thought the coffee made in the hotel room tasted better than the free breakfast coffee.The location of the hotel is the main reason why I did not rate my experience as a 4 out of 5. Just being so deserted and isolated, made the walk back to the hotel very lonely and depressing. Be prepared for a walk if you stay here or paying a lot for taxis. The hotel and rooms are fine, clean and the staff is friendly. The cleaning staff even left me a 'thank-you' note when I left a small tip on the bed. The cleaning staff did a great job. Yes, for the right price and the right time of year (not winter or super hot summer months) I would stay here again.	
Jul 9 2008 	Good hotel for short stay those who don't mind walking	My husband and I stayed over the 4th of July weekend. The front desk staff were very helpful and friendly upon check-in. The location is not too convenient unless you are using the convention center. Rooms are a reasonable size for a New York City hotel. Bathrooms are small, but very nice and clean. We loved the bed - it had a memory foam mattress and was extremely comfortable. The noise from the trains and the shop across the street did not bother us, but it probably helped that we always take a white noise machine with us to hotels.Neighborhood is industrial, but not unsafe. Some of the reviews have said the neighborhood is dangerous, but we did not feel that way. You can definitely smell the horses from the barn next door, but not for long as we didn't hang out outside the hotel and went on our way. On future visits, I would prefer to stay elsewhere, but mostly for location.	
Jul 5 2008 	Exceeded expectations a bit like a "boutique" hotel	I wasn't so happy when I first got this hotel on Priceline. Web reviews were horrible and the neighborhood is full of car repair shops. No character there! However, I was more than pleasantly surprised and I would definitely stay there again. If you are at the Javits Center, it is only one-half block walk. The horse-drawn carriages are prepared out front so if you like horses you will be in heaven. The hotel is new, very clean, the staff are incredibly friendly and helpful. The bed was exceptionally comfortable and the fourth floor room by the elevator was the quietest I have ever had in NYC. The included breakfast was great for a continental style, lots of choices including fresh croissants, fruit, cereal, juices, doughnuts etc. The room had coffeemaker, safe and iron and ironing board. It is a quick and easy walk to Macy's, Penn Station, Madison Square Garden area. The hotel was filled with European travelers, my last day I finally met a family from Kentucky. They also loved the small boutique feeling that this Best Western offers. The only downs were the small room (I shared with a friend, we had two twins pushed together like a king) and the view. I'll be back!	
Jun 18 2008 	Below average	Good points:1) Somewhat close to Penn Station, where I entered the city.2) Relatively clean, but nowhere near pristine. About what I expected at this price.Bad points:1) They claimed that they were giving me a queen sized bed, but in fact, they took a queen sized headboard and put two twin beds together. This alone was pretty unacceptable, but when we approached the front desk, they were unhelpful and just said that all of their queen beds are like that. Are you serious??2) Nothing of interest within 5 blocks of this place. About what I expected at this price.3) Continental breakfast was pretty lousy. Again, what I expected at this price.Other points:1) The hotel is kind of off the beaten trail, and there is major construction being done next to the hotel. It isn't terribly well-lit, but I never really felt unsafe walking back to the hotel at 3am. That said, if I were a female and alone, I would exercise a little bit of caution.2) Only one elevator for the entire hotel. It's a smaller hotel but it went out for a little while when we were leaving and we had to walk down 10 flights of stairs.3) If you could get a room for $100/night (taxes included), I would probably recommend this hotel. However, I don't really know if that's a feasible price point. They advertise for roughly $220/night plus taxes, which is outrageous. I would stay in 20 other hotels in the city before this one at ~$260/night.Summary:I don't think I would stay here again, if only because of the bed situation. It's pretty sleazy to advertise a queen bed and then let your guests find out that they just mashed two twin beds together. I'd rather spend my money to stay somewhere in a nicer area.	
May 19 2008 	Would not stay here again! Bad neighborhood	The continental breakfast is not worth going down for. Although this is just a minor bit of why I wouldn't stay here again. If you are a tourist looking for a great place to stay, do not stay here. Too dangerous for tourists. If you are here for the convention, great location, but I rather stay at Travel Inn just a few streets down. Much better service and quality.I specifically called to make sure my guests name was on the reservation, which the operator confirmed. However, they did not update the hotel or it was not in the system. Therefore, my guest who arrived earlier then I did had a great problem checking in AND the front desk employees could not understand what we were explaining. But in the end, my guest pretended to be me, and then was able to check in. Which makes me weary because his ID was definitely not a girls name, but they still let him check in. What if he was a stranger. I am glad though, because otherwise since the operator made the mistake he might have been homeless. Since the operator didn't correctly update the reservation, an important package we had delivered to the hotel was refused and caused a great deal of stress to our business. My only other complaint is the noise level, which I didn't report because there was not much the hotel can do. The train is right outside our window and every time the train went by (which was early hours of the morning and throughout the day) it was very loud and we couldn't sleep. I loved the location although the surroundings were dangerous and smelly (due to the horses), but very close to the convention center. There is a strip club right next door which made me nervous to be outside alone and a 24 hour auto shop which made a lot of noise. Overall due to the miscommunication and surrounding neighborhood, I would not stay here again.	
May 18 2008	very basic and clean	The BW Convention Center is a very basic hotel that is a few blocks away from Broadway and Macy's. It is in an industrial area, but only a couple of blocks from 9th avenue where there are some reasonable restaurants. We booked our room through hotwire. It was the least expensive hotel we could find in midtown that had a private bath. We drove to the hotel and were directed to park at a lot 3 blocks away at a &quot;discounted&quot; rate of $30 a night. The hotel is just a place to crash at night. Not somewhere you would want to relax in. It is right across the street from a 24 hour garage. Our room faced the street and it was a bit noisy. I would ask for a room on the other side next time. The room was clean but small with basic furnishings. I felt the hotel was secure and the area safe to walk around despite the industrial feel of the area. For those on a budget it is fine.	
Apr 18 2008 	Nice hotel!	Got the hotel on Hotwire, so we actually not selected it ourselves.Paid 179 dollar + taxes for three persons (one week´s stay). Must be a good price on Manhattan. Stayed on the 11:th floor. It was rather small but very clean and neat. The Tempura mattresses was comfortable and it was nice to have a safe for money and tickets. The bathroom was very good.The breakfast was better than expected. There were fresh fruits, boiled eggs and cereals and lots of sweets like donuts and muffins (and people had it for breakfast!?)The staff didn´t great you mornings and evenings, exept for the cleaningladies. A little bit rude I think.There where no protestors the week we stayed.We thought the neighborhood was safe.We are very pleased with our stay and had a wonderful week in New York!	
Mar 29 2008 	Terrible experience with the hotel never again.	I have booked the hotel from hotels.com for my family vacation. We paid for 220.00/night for two nights, plus 100 for an additional person. The room is so small, no space for the luggages.. We have to put the luggage on the top of the chair. There is train path close to the hotel, each night, we would be waked up few times by the passing train noises. For price over $300.00 for the condition in NYC, it is much over priced.Our terrible experience came to the day of check out. First of all, it was our mistake remembering wrong check out date. We thought the check out date was 28 but it actually was 27.We came back to hotel at around 8:00PM, and the room was locked out. We came to the front desk and were told that we already passed the check out time, and would be charged a full day rate for the day and let us leave immediately. I talked to the on site manager that it was a mistake we made, and If we charged the full day rate, we should have the room for the night. But the manager told me that all the rooms were sold out, I can not get any room. I thought that the person who booked our room had not checked in yet, if we move out at this time, we actually not cause any financial lose to the hotel, I asked for a discount/half day charge if we can not stay at the night. I get refused, too. I asked to speak to the senior manager, The on-site manager talked to the senior manager over the phone, and told me that the senior manager was angry and yelling at him, so the price increased from 299.00 to 375.00 due to my asking for talking to the senior manager. This is ridicules! The total charge is 428.65 include tax for the late check out and we even can not have the room for the night! We have tried to talked to the on site manager for the matter until 10:00PM, then we have to drive out to find the new hotel for us for the night, we get a room in Super 8 at around 1:30 AM, a night mere to us for the New York trip. I found a lot of negative reviews to this hotel after I back home, and very regret did not read the reviews before booking. My advise to travelers is that read the review, the negative review has its reason and verify the check out date very carefully. Best Western Convention Center Hotel got an extra $428.65 from me for my vacation (They have a good profit for the room, a total charge over $800.00 for both my penalty and the new book for a single day with a motel level room), but they will lose my business forever include all my relatives &amp; friends.Wish you have a nice trip!	
Mar 27 2008 	Nice	We were really concerned after reading recent reviews of this hotel, but we found it to be a nice, relatively inexpensive place to spend the weekend. We did not see any protestors. We found the staff to be friendly and helpful, and our requests for a room change (first room was right next to the elevator) and extra linens were quickly met. We thought the location was great. We walked everywhere, and never felt unsafe. There was a large event at the convention center that might have accounted for more foot traffic in the area, but buildings across the street were occupied at all hours. Our room was clean and comfortable, with a great mattress. It was smaller than average, but we didn't feel cramped, and had plenty of room for our things and ourselves.There is quite a bit of construction next door during the week, but it did not bother us at all, and our room was on the side of the building closest to the site. We could sometimes hear noise from the auto shop across the street, but on the 5th floor it was not enough to keep us awake. Overall, we were very pleased with our stay, and would recommend the hotel to others.	
Mar 15 2008 	nice hotel- protestors a problem	i looked this hotel becuase the price was right at the time. Sor for the Pros:The room are nice and comfortable, but the rooms with the queens size bed is small- tight fit. Rooms were cleaned and bathrooms were also clean- no smells or problems with cleanliness. Room were stocked well everyday and cleaning ladies were nice but didnt know much english. Continestial breakfast was good and price per night were also well ranged. Cons:Arrived to hotel and the location was in the middle of other industrial buildings- all shopping areas, restuarants, attractions were a good walk away about 15 min walking. Scary to walk at night- would not recommend it- take a taxi if you can- you will be luck to even find a taxi going thru that street since its not a usual pick up place. you would have to walk to the main street. Also what may make you uneasy is a group of protestors outside that are screaming and bugging you as you walk in and out the hotel ( some workers compensation thing)- im all for rights- but it gets annoying... the door man is very helpfull in assisting you in and out constantly saying ignore them. Front desk attendents are not as friendly as you would expect- they really dont go out of thier way for you as a customer except for a young lady who was always very nice and helpful. Overall stay was not bad, however not to its potential- the price is good for a place to stay with comfortable rooms and if you can black out the minors things and walk the distance everyday.. do it!	
Mar 5 2008 	Excellent value	I paid about $115 including taxes for a night during the week. The room was very clean and the furnishings were new. It was very basic and a very small room but more than worth the price. Free breakfast (didn't eat it though), free newspaper, coffee maker in room, and in room safe.The only drawback with this hotel is that it is about 8 blocks from the subway. Some women might not feel comfortable walking alone at night in the neighborhood. There isn't much activity at night because the nearby business have shut down. There did appear to be some ongoing labor dispute against the hotel (signs up outside), and maybe that was the reason for the cheap rate. The quality of the service was fine (front desk and housekeeping).I would definitely stay here again.	
Feb 20 2008 	Satisfied with experience	I got my two rooms from priceline and so I didn't actually select this hotel. I was wary about what to expect since I read the other reviews. However, the hotel was exactly what a 3-star hotel is: clean rooms (booked a single and also a double room), continental breakfast (toast, bagels, small muffins, juices/teas, donuts until 10am), competent and polite staff (they speak English, Spanish, and Mandarin Chinese apparently), and basic room amenities (small shampoo, lotion, soap, wet wipes). Some previous reviews talked about worker protests, but apparently no protesters on weekends or weekday evenings. The neighborhood is at the border or Hell's Kitchen and Chelsea. Its about 6 blocks to the two closest subway stations or a $5-$6 cab ride to Times Square or Central Park. Wouldn't recommend females to walk around neighborhood alone, but it's fine during the daytime.	
Feb 6 2008 	enjoyed stay	Just got back from a long weekend stay here. We were greeted by the protester! but the nice doorman helped us with our luggage and kept him away. The protesters consist of 2 maybe 3 ex employees who were unhappy with their treatment by the management at the hotel, they say shame on u for staying here, and get your money back but thats it, just walk on in and they leave you alone and they were gone all weekend! Once inside the hotel was pretty basic, but it was clean. The room was fairley average but again cleaned with coffee machine, telephones, hairdryer, iron/ironing board and a safe. Fresh towels daily and the room cleaned and made up fresh. The staff were very helpfull, helped us book trips, recommended where to eat and what to see, even took time to point places out on maps and circle them to show us how to get there. Would stay here again.Great location 5 - 10min walk to times square and idealy located for you to see the sights of new york.	
Jan 16 2008 	Depends	Location: Be OK in summer - 15 minutes walk to anywhere decent. In winter, when it's freezing and snowing, it seems to be a million miles away. The area is also quite grotty.Rooms: Tiny but modern and clean. If staying a few nights, should not be a problem.Service: Not the best. Wake up call two hours late - thank god my plane was delayed!!! Would I stay again: Probably not - only if it was summer and very cheap.Without a doubt better hotels for the price we paid.	
Dec 16 2007	Shame on YOU!!!!	Let me start by saying I lived in NY for several years, and my husband and I decided to return for a visit. We booked our stay on priceline and ended up with this hotel. When we arrived we were greeted by a sole male protestor, who insulted me before I could get in the door. If you have thick skin this won't be a problem. Usually we found just one or two protestors would be in front everyday. They will yell &quot;shame on you!&quot; as you walk out the door. They have a giant inflatable rat outside too. We took a picture in front of it and they did not like it. Oh well. As for the hotel, it's comfortable, clean, and quiet. One of the bigger hotel rooms you will find in New York for the price. Yeah, it's a little bit of a walk to times sqaure, but it's a safe neighborhood. It really takes no more that 10 minutes to walk to the nearest subway. I recomend this place because it was very comfortable and low-key. I think the people who wrote the negative reviews are just used to higher-class hotels. For a two star hotel- it ain't bad!	
Nov 20 2007 	never again at the BW Convention Center	I can't believe I paid $300 for a night in this dump. The room was not unlike your standard motel room that you can get across the Country for $60/night, but this being crazy NYC I paid through my nose for paper-thin sheets, no wireless connection, and -hear this- a non-working telephone in the room. When I complained to the front desk a guy with clearly no hospitality management experience told me rudely to follow the instructions on the phone (like I can't read). When I called him again to let him know that the phone was just not working, he said: &quot;sorry, you will have to speak to the manager tomorrow &quot; and hung up on me.The next day I contacted the front desk again and they said they'd send someone to look at it shortly. Well, I didn't see anyone until I checked out an hour later. In short: never again, not at least for $300.	
Nov 15 2007	not good at all	My spouse had booked the hotel online last minute. The price seemed good-but what a mistake. First of all, the hotel is in the middle of nowhere. The only other thing on the block is an auto repair and trucks. Oh, and people in a tent in front of the hotel. At first we thought it was some sort of bad joke, but everytime we'd come in we were heckled and harassed and yelled at by these people. The hotel employees didn't seem to care, and the elevator kept breaking. The hotel seemed dirty on top of everything else. Its one thing when things go wrong, but for such a short trip i still have a bad taste in my mouth. don't do it.	
Nov 13 2007 	VERY hospitable AND friendly	On my trip to New York i stayed here at the best western convention center , the staff was very helpful and friendly . For what its worth this is a good hotel worth the price i would recommend this hotel to anyone , they were very accommodating with hints about the city and restaurants and tours.I would stay here again , also very close to jacob javits center for those convention goers and a short walk to times square and the empire state building .brian from iowa	
Nov 13 2007 	Not the best but not the worst	First, the good things. The staff was friendly and low key. I loved the internet access. The place is indeed new, if a bit small. The bed was firm, and the bathroom, clean. The bed won't kill you and they have continental breakfast if you like such food. I was ready for the neighborhood, in fact, I have been visiting New York every 2-3 years more than 30 years, and understand this is an industrial neighborhood, for tourists on a budget. There was plenty of parking on the street. I had no problem taking buses or the subway during my entire stay, and best of all I walked just one block to the convention center.The surroundings are drab to put it mildly. The term &quot;Industrial&quot; sugar-coats the fact that #1, there are no nearby restaurants until you walk to 9th ave, and #2, there are bags of trash waiting to be picked on the street. Sadly, the taxi driver will be able to locate the hotel faster if you tell him to look for a giant inflatable rat (the product of a labor dispute) in front of the building. Since the hotel sign is the tiniest I've ever seen on a Best Western, the rat makes a great landmark. At night, the lobby light provides the best illumination on W 38th street. Once inside the lobby, the flight of stairs right in front of you will prompt you to negotiate your luggage to the registration desk, without noticing an elevator to your right. Speaking of elevators, the hotel's only elevator broke during my stay, making me suddenly glad they had placed me on the sixth floor. It seems the company greedily crammed as many rooms as possible in the small frame of this hotel. The rooms are small. Don't expect a big lobby or anonymity. There isn't. The tiny breakfast area means you have to elbow your way to continental breakfast. I cannot complain about internet access. Their wi-fi was reliable and fast. I was there in November, and the cooling/heating system was clean and efficient, warming up the room almost instantly. For a hotel in this price range, the bed sheets, pillows (only 2) and cover were rough. The bed was firm if again, a bit small, it seemed like ours was a full instead of a queen size bed. The diminutive bathroom was clean, but there were mold spots in the tub's caulking in the two rooms I saw. In the 1st room the toilet sat strangely low for a person my size (5'4&quot;), in fact, my knees were higher than my rear end. The second room had a normal toilet. The best rooms are above the 8th floor, and look westward, since their biggest problem is noise. Not only is the hotel located right by some train tracks, I was awakened at 7:00 AM inside my north-facing room by construction sounds and the noise of the giant rat being inflated. There is a large construction site next to this lilliputian hotel.When I complained, the staff promptly found me another room one floor above. The second room was quieter because it faced south, and I was able to sleep in a bit.In short, if you're a small-framed business traveler who needs to be close to the Javitz, and if you need to be up before 7:00 AM to get to work, this is a good value. If you're a tourist, stay at The Pod. If you're a woman who plans to be out at night, this isn't a great choice.	
Oct 30 2007 	Quite an unusual experience	The hotel itself was an oasis and quite nice. However, while it is close to Times Square, the walk is scary, especially at night. There is nothing else around it for at least two long city blocks except for a taxi repair shop, package shipping and bus storage. Everything else is torn down. I would not have wanted my wife to stay there by herself. Also, they were having ex-hotel workers protest all week when we were there. They had a big inflatable rat and approached us almost every time we entered or left the hotel--at least they were cordial.	
Oct 29 2007 	Don't stay Here	This place sucks! Giant rat in front people screaming at you everytime you go in or out. I know for New York this place is cheap but I paid $265.00 and others paid like $80.00. I got screwed big time. The place is not close to anything! What the hell where they thinking when they built it here. The staff seemed very uncomfortable about the whole thing. It's not thier fault! Will not ever stay there agian or close to it. The area is ok it's about eight blocks from anything! Not all that scary just industrial. Good luck to all that stay there and good luck to the people who work there.	
Oct 24 2007 	Would not stay here again	The hotel is okay for the price but if my husband had not been with me I would not have stayed. The walk to it is iffy I was scared and weary of my surroundings even in the hotel itself. Then when we got there there was a protest because apparently the owners have mistreated some staff. I wish that was found somewhere before we booked there. I will never stay on the outskirts of manhatan again. And another thing I did not like was that after we checked in, we were outside our door when about 3 asian men came by and said our room number and we were like wha't sgoing on and it turns out they were changing the light bulbs and my husband was upset because who knows when or how many times they go into people's rooms to do maintenance. I'm sure that happens at other places as well but the way this happnened left too many things to the imagination. Well for the price it is OK but I will NEVER stay there again...	
Oct 23 2007 	On the fence	First the cons...the location isn't great -- you aren't really close to any sites and what you can see is pretty uninspiring (taxi garage, horse and buggies and lots of construction in the area) and the room was positively tiny yet seemed to cost a lot of money. You're also very close to the Lincoln Tunnel, so there's a lot of traffic during rush hours. On the positive side though, the rooms were fairly modern and very clean, the location was quiet and the staff, for the most part, was very friendly, informative and helpful. If you're just looking for a place to stay, and not overly concerned with the ambience, then you probably won't mind staying here.	
Oct 15 2007 	Giant Inflatable Rat Says It All!	When we arrived, the hotel staff had all been fired and they were all protesting outside with a giant inflatable rat. The scene was very uncomfortable and I cancelled my reservation. The staff were all very impatient and didn't understand why we wouldn't want to stay. They were not accomodating in the least. The hotel is not in a good location, not very close to anything,and directly across the street from an auto garage and next to the horse stables for central park. Needless to say, we didn't stay there because of the horrible conditions and I don't recommend it to anyone.	
Oct 8 2007 	good value	This was a busy holiday weekend in NYC and because we had made reservations relatively late, this hotel had a reasonable rate for this particular weekend. The rooms were a bit small, but certainly adequate and above all, clean. Everything was in good working order and the front desk staff were absolutely wonderful and very accommodating and helpful. I had no problems with the hotel itself although the street it is on is not pretty. There are repair garages for taxis and a trucking business and the train goes by at times. There are restaurants a short distance away and parking is in a big garage a block away and is reasonably priced if you go to the garage that the hotel recommends. I would go back to this hotel only because the staff were great!	
Oct 7 2007 	clean comfortable convenient	Great experience. I took a red eye flight and the friendly desk clerk arranged early check in. The room was spotless. Small room but usual by NY or European standards. Location was great with uptown and downtown buses one block away. Walk to Times Square and Empire State building. Great Italian deli on 9th ave. Hotel staff printed out my boarding pass on their computer. Desk staff was heard teaching each other French words during the time a large group from France was there, and then I heard them deciding to work on learning a foreign language. These were young people and I was very impressed.For some travelers the desolate block and 7 am to 5 pm construction noise might be a problem. Ask for a room on the 10th or 11 floor it is quieter. I walked home at midnight with no problem, but the block has nothing on it but a 24 hour taxi repair and two huge construction sites. I am a 60 yo woman who is used to urban living.	
Oct 1 2007 	Far better than expected!	I was full of anxiety after being awarded this hotel via Priceline and reading the unflattering reviews. From the minute my husband and I arrived however we were greatly relieved. The hotel was clean, the room size was fine (it is Manhattan after all), and the staff was friendly. The hotel is a little off the main thoroughfare, but it was only an easy 10-15 minutes to walk to the subway and it was pretty quiet. The taxi garage across the street was never a problem, if anything there were mechanics working late into the night which made us a little extra safe. Easy to hail a cab close to the hotel. We bid 150.00 a night and probably could have gotten the room cheaper. The city is expensive and it was great having a room this nice for the price.	
Sep 6 2007 	More than happy	Simple hotel, a lot complain about the location, but myself and my wife had no troubles with it, enjoyable 4 night stay there before jetting off to SF. Penn station just a 5-10 min walk away made this more than adequate location wise. Room was clean, staff helpful. Recommended.	
Aug 2 2007	Warning dooon doo itt!!!!	this hotel was the only bad experience when i went to NYthe hotel is terriblethe location is TERRIBLEis sooo far to downtown and we are not the only ones with complainalmost avery guest had the same opinionsand plus around is ery scary at night full of homeless seriously DONT STAY IN THAT HOTELyour gonna regret like usis a warningdont listen to good reviews they totally LIES!!	
Jul 25 2007 	Great Location 4 Business at Javits	If you’re staying here for business at the Convention Center then you will really like that it’s a short 1-2 minute walk down the street. The surrounding area does look bad, but I have stayed here for a week four years in a row and I never had any problems. Other than the Convention Center there really isn’t much around that area. The hotel and rooms are okay but small in size. I’ve only stayed here during trade shows and there rates are very high, but this is NY so I guess that’s what they go for.	
Jul 18 2007 	Not the Worst	The Hotel was clean, the staff was very helpful and kind. The location is the biggest problem. It is a pretty long, walk to the subway or Times Square. The neighborhood is not the best, but I wouldn't really say it was bad. I don't recommend it for a first timer. We didn't have the noise problem at night but we were on the backside of the building. The rooms are pretty small. But we booked throught Priceline and the price was right.	
Jul 13 2007 	Worst Hotel I have ever stayed at!!!!!!!!!!!	This hotel is absolutely awful. Stay at Motel 6 before this place. The previous reviews are very accurate. It is situated on 38th st very close to the convention center. I booked this hotel on priceline for $70/night. This is a great price for NYC and always book with priceline as I have never had a problem with any of the hotels they have given me. I am far from picky.Unlike some guests, I had no problems with the lobby or with check in. Upon going up to our room on the second floor, we were very unimpressed with its condition. The curtains were falling off the hangers and we noticed the main recessed lights was out as well as stale cigarette smoke permeating the room. We called down to the front desk to ask if we could move to another room. They said they had none but did send up an asian man who spoke NO english who handed us a light for a lamp. I said no and pointed to the ceiling and he just left. A few minutes later, he came back with a light (no ladder). Since he was about 5 ft tall, I just took it and changed it myself. The following AM we were introduced to their horrible breakfast. They only have about 10 tables for everyone and served brown bananas (yummy) and stale looking doughnuts as well as plain bagels. They had a limited selection of cereal and only had whole milk?? Who drinks whole milk. I heard one lady ask for some butter for her bagel and one of the workers said they had been out for over a week!That evening, I called down for an extra blanket as my wife was cold. The blanket never came. I also asked for a 7 am wake up call so we could get an early start. The wake up call came the following morning at 7:25 am. 25 minutes late....lucky I didnt have to catch a plane. We didnt oversleep, however, as we had a prompt wake up call from all the banging from the 24 hr cab repair shop just across the street.One night when we were passing by the front desk, we overheard one of the staff who was on her cell phone calling one of her friends a stupid [--]. NICE.Not to mention this hotel is horribly located. They have to be selling drugs out of the 24 hr cab repair place. We also had the pleasure of seeing multiple prostitutes just two blocks away from the hotel on our way back. We felt very unsafe in the area and woud recommend carrying a gun.The only positive aspect of this hotel is the $70/night price. If I had paid what some postings said they paid, I would have demanded a refund and go somewhere else.	
Jun 5 2007 	Don't do it	This was by far the WORST hotel I have ever stayed at in my entire life. I walked in and was first greeted with a terribly hot and muggy lobby area, that lacked any a/c whatsoever. My room was on the second floor, and even though I asked for non-smoking and was assured that my request was honored, my entire floor overwhelmingly reaked like stale smoke. I entered my room only to find out that, after I was finished gagging from the odor, that I couldn't walk around without shoes on because the floor was soaked. The curtains were broken off the hooks and wouldn't close all the way, leaving no privacy against the 24-HOUR cab repair shop right across the street, which made loud, obnoxious noises through the entirety of the night. My blow-dryer started sparking profusously after it was on for about two minutes, and smelled like I lit something on fire. The bedspread had cigarette burn-holes on it, and the front desk staff had the knowledge of a door knob and the speed of immobile 90-year-olds. A half a block down the road was a horse and buggy area, which was lovely enough to fill our nostrils with the smell of urine and manure right after they emptied the smoke smell of our hotel room. The location is mildly convenient if you are in the city to go to the convention center, but not convenient to anything else. I didn't feel safe walking around the area during the daytime, and saw two lovely hookers on one of our walks toward Time Square, not to mention other spooky crowds. You are far better off staying somewhere like the Milford Plaza, which is comparitvely priced, and provides a shuttle to the convention center. If you must stay at this absolutely hellish hotel, bring a one-piece body suit, rubber boots, gloves, and a gas mask.	
Jun 3 2007	Hated it!!!!!	The location is terrible. Across the street from a 24 hour cab leasing and auto repair shop, down the street from a carriage horse stable (lovely smell of horse urine) and next to noisy train tracks. We `were there May 29 thru June 2 of this year and NYC was very warm. No A/C in the lobby, vending machine out of order as well as lobby ladies' room. Neither bathtub drain in our 2 rooms worked. We requested repair the day we arrived and they were never fixed. We had non-smoking rooms, but corridors smelled of cigarette smoke. A/C units in room were very noisy. Rooms were extremely small. Only a tiny bottle of lotion for an amenity in the bathroom. Had to go to the desk for shampoo. Twice in 1 day our room key had to be re-programmed.Our rooms overlooked a dirty tar roof and the train tracks. Could not call room to room. Continental breakfast was next to nothing...only doughnuts, bagels ,bread and poor cereal selection...no fruit, yogurt or anything healthy.Very bleak, unsafe neighborhood.We did not expect the Taj Mahal, but THEY should have paid US to stay there. Lesson learned...you get what you pay for.	
Jun 3 2007 	Hotel Hell	Location and rooms are as described in other reviews: a healthy walk to Times Square and fine, small rooms. In fact, the superb cleaning of the room on a daily basis is the only reason I'm not rating this as terrible. Two of the desk clerks were rude bordering on hostile. We were not told when we checked in of any of the amenities (breakfast, fitness center, internet access) and clerk acted as if we were not welcome. I requested an ethernet cord to connect to my laptop which was provided for a fee which was initially $3.00 but immediately changed to $10.00. The ethernet cable did not work, so I returned it and was refunded my $10; then asked if we could access the internet via wireless and were told to &quot;go ahead.&quot; That didn't work, either, and when the following morning we mentioned this to another desk clerk, he scoffed at us and told us wireless was only available in the lobby. Wish we'd known! I also overheard the desk clerk who checked us in advising another guest of the AM breakfast, but we were never told. We asked about taxi service to JFK for our departure and were told it would be $65 with a $10 deposit, which we paid. After checking around, we found several better deals and cancelled our hotel booked taxi. A third desk clerk, pleasant in other respects, told us our deposit was not refundable. We checked our receipt which stated it was and when we returned to the hotel, showed the receipt to another desk clerk who told us, &quot;Go to your room and I will bring it later!&quot; In addition, the hallways on our floor reeked of marijuana on several occasions. I will never stay at this hotel again. The lower rate is not worth the grief and inconvenience. We felt we were intruders and not welcome guests. Very unpleasant. The room was, however, kept very clean after the first day when we found a wet towl hanging on the bathroom door and hairs on the bed sheets.	
May 1 2007 	Decent Place with a Bit of a Hike	I've stayed all around the city in just about every area using Priceline (so you never really know where you will end up). Got a great deal on this place...just for a one night stay. I was going to a concert with a friend (another woman) at MSG so we didn't really care where we were...as long as it was clean and safe. This hotel was both of those. We walked from Grand Central...which is what we always do so we didn't necessarily mind that but I'm sure others would find it to be a hike. As other reviewers said...it is in an industrial area so no little cafe's across the street or anything like that. The front desk clerk told us that they are going to be building up that area soon so that's good to hear. The rooms were small but appeared to be re-done recently. Bedding, bathroom, furnishings etc were all brand new. They seemed to have a nice breakfast but we didn't partake in it. The front desk gal was great. Though we felt safe walking home that night from MSG it was definately a little disconcerting since it was basically dead in that area at that time of night (11pm). If you don't mind walking and want a deal..give it a try. Oh yeah and on Saturday and Sunday there is a flea market in the street about a block up..if that is your thing...check it out.	
Mar 20 2007 	Not to Worry	Stayed at this hotel on March 17 with 2 other couples for one night. Hotel is off the beaten path in the middle of a somewhat industrial area, but we had no problems with the location. If you don't mind walking (which it seems your always going to walk in NYC anyway), this was a good location. We actually walked from Grand Central to the hotel (about a 1/2 hour walk) in slushy weather, but we braved it! We met more friends from London at Time's Square which probably took us about 10 minutes to walk to and partied at local Irish Pub's on 9th Street/Ave? which seemed to be less crowded than your Time's Square area (and cheaper). Felt safe walking in the area at night - there are a few late night/quick bite places nearby (hot dogs/pizza) on 9th.Room was yes, small, but very clean and we had no problems with the room at all. We tried to check in earlier than the 3:00 p.m. check-in, but that didn't happen, but when we returned, we got our rooms and were not disappointed with them (all 3 sets of us).The continental breakfast was acceptable - cereals, bagels, croissant's, fruit, coffee, tea, juices, donuts - it did us just fine for a quick bite before we left.Hey, while it's not the RITZ, we didn't pay for the Ritz ...but for the money we paid, I would definately stay at this location again if I got the same prices. Don't worry, you'll be fine as long as you are able to walk, are open-minded and are not expecting an extravagent place. Have fun!	
Mar 13 2007	Quaint but very very nice	Some friends and I ventured up to New York for the Big East Basketball Tournament. I booked this hotel through a 'name your own price' link on [----], so I was not sure what I was getting prior to booking it. My offer price was $100 and it was accepted for a three night stay at the Best Western Convention Center Hotel. At first I was nervous because of the location and the reviews I had read about this hotel. The reviews I read do not do this hotel justice. First of all, the location is great if you don't mind walking a bit. It is true that there are not a lot of restaurants or bars directly in the area, but a five to ten minute walk remedies that. The garage across the road is a bit of an eyesore, but the noise from it was minimal. At no time did we feel unsafe walking around the area. They validate parking at a cost of $21 a day (that's phenomenal) at a lot about 5 minutes from the hotel. The staff was extremely cordial and accomodating (we needed to switch rooms after one night, and this was done no problem); the rooms although small, were clean and very nice, and the CONTINENTAL breakfast was decent and very substantial. We had a great stay at this hotel making our New York trip outstanding. It's about a 10 minute walk from the Garden and Times Square. Great Trip. Great Hotel.	
Mar 2 2007 	Good deal~	My husband took bar exam in Jacob Javis Convention Center so I booked this hotel as it's the closest one.  The price is about 199.99/per night (excludes tax). This price for a NY hotel, we don't complain about it.  The room is very small but the size of bathroom is ok. It's clean and has everything we need. They offer free internet, that's a big plus for us.  The staff is very friendly. You need any kind of help, they will do their best.  The area is safe for me. I often walk around by myself as my husband had to concentrate on the exam, but I went back to the hotel before the sunset. After 7pm, the stree gets quiet. I would suggest not to walk around alone.  It takes 15-20 minutes walk to Time Square or NY Penn Station. There are several starbucks &amp; a supermarket on 42nd stree. You can also find several restaurants around the corner of 42nd St. &amp; 10th Ave.  If you don't care about small room &amp; a little bit walk, it's a great choice.	
Jan 5 2007 	Great Deal	Stayed for 5 nights the week before Christmas. Paid $116 a night for a queen bed. Had a pleasent stay here. Place is not in a tourist area but we felt completely safe walking in the area. (We being two girls) It is at least a ten minute walk to subway but we were able to walk to quiet a few things, like...time square, madison square garden, macy's, empire state building, port were harbor tours begin, and the theatre district. The room was clean and the staff was friendly. Only made it to breakfast one morning which was not that great but better then nothing. Could not hear the car repair down stairs. We stayed on 9th floor.	
Nov 17 2006 	Fine and 'cheap'	This hotel was fine and 'cheap' for NYC. I paid $214/weeknight plus tax, but most other hotels on short notice booking were running above $300. It is 3 or 4 long 'avenue blocks' west of 7th and 8th avenue, but really only a 15 min walk to Times Sq (north) or to Penn Station (south). Hotel was built 3 years ago, so rooms are new and clean. Bed sheets are a bit cheap, but very clean and no real complaints here. Location is a bit odd, sharing block with taxi repair garage, horse barn, and gentlemen's club, but it is safe and no worries for all but a nervous solo pedestrian after midnight who might take a cab rather than walk the last few blocks (though I never had a problem or felt that necessary). Rooms have granite floor in bathroom, coffee makers, and safes. The windows tilt open which is a bonus. It's an 11 or so story building, with something like 60 rooms is my guess. Front desk is friendly. They take left luggage after check out cheerfully if you have time to explore and want to do that. Check out is noon, but they added an hour and a half (130) on my request with no extra charge. For the Convention Center, location would be superb. Continental breakfast is skimpy, but it is free coffee and a bad bagel so hard to complain too much. Overall, a fine 'cheap' alternative if you cannot find similarly priced accommodations in an updated hotel closer to wherever you are going in NYC.	
Nov 8 2006 	Very average	This hotel is fine for people on a budget! Our room was very small and dated, but adequate. Absolutely everything at breakfast was plastic (including the bagels I think!) and they didn't have sufficient seating.The area was okay - quite convenient for getting around, but didn't have a very nice feel to it in my opinion. It's surrounded by car washes. Saying that though it was great being able to walk to Times Square within 10 mins...	
Sep 17 2006 	Surprised!	When I first saw this hotel I thought I'd made a mistake by choosing it, but when I arrived I changed my mind. The staff were friendly and efficient, the rooms were small but clean and comfortable. It's a few blocks away from the shopping and sights but once you find your feet your fine. The hotel doesn't have a restaurant but they allowed us to order in food, they had a few menu's in the rooms. Breakfasts were basic - cereals and toast.Avoid using the phone in the room, the charges are absoloutly dismal - especially when they have payphones all over the city (if you can get them to work that is)!!Overall I can't think of any reason why you shouldn't stay here!	
Sep 7 2006 	Awesome Hotel!	Stayed at the hotel in march, kept a fairly open mind about the place. my room was great, cleaned everyday(if you wanted it) at a very good standard, staff were great, location was pretty poo but nothing but a short taxi ride couldn't sort out.I was a alone female travelling and the staff made me feel really welcome, felt very safe in the surrounding areas at night on my own.WOULD RECOMMEND!!!	
Aug 12 2006	Surprisingly comfortable!	This hotel was a great deal for the price. I used it when I was taking the bar exam at the Javits Center, and I could not have asked for anything more. The room was quiet and clean, and the staff was very accommodating and helpful.The hotel is the closest you can find to the Javits Center, so if you are having a conference there, this is a great option. There is a free continental breakfast which starts at 7am, but if you have to get up before then, your options are very limited (you have to order from a 24 hour diner - the hotel provides menus for you).One of the few drawbacks is that the block itself is very very quiet. There is a cab repair place right across the street, so finding a cab typically isn't too much of an issue. But at night (say, past 7pm) there is virtually nobody in the area, which is a problem if you are planning on hitting any bars late at night by yourself. There is also a horse stable on the block, which makes the area a little smelly, and there is constantly hay blowing around. Also, there is a &quot;gentleman's cabaret&quot; on the block.In summary, the area is not the greatest, but it is extremely convenient to the Javits Center and a good value. I had a very comfortable stay during a stressful period.	
Jun 7 2006	don't stay on the third floor	The hotel is across the sfreet from a car repair service that's open 24/7. You can hear hammering in the middle of the night. I was on the third floor facing 38th street. It was memorial day weekend and the hotel was full or we would have asked for another room. Other than that, the room was clean and the employees were very pleasant.	
Jun 5 2006	Very Clean for a budget hotel	We were up in New York for my sister’s graduation and decided to make a vacation out of it by staying in the city for 5 nights. The hotel was very clean and cozy and had all the necessities. Though I had reservation at first because it was a bit far on the west side, we stuck to it because it was the only reasonably priced hotel during the third week in May. The bed was a bit hard for my taste and the blankets were to thin. Other than that, no complains about the hotel. However, the location is not exactly prime. It’s located in Hell Kitchen, which is an equivalent to your local “ghetto” neighborhood. The closes subway station is 2 avenue blocks away (if you’ve been to New York, you know how long the avenue blocks are). The minute you walk out of the hotel, you smell horse manure because right next door is a stable and right next to that, a “gentlemen’s club”. So, for all the money we spent on tax cabs, we could have stayed in Times Square because we were average $50 in cab money a day. Nonetheless, the hotel was very clean and that's the most important of all.	
Apr 11 2006	cheap and cheerful	We stayed in the hotel between the 8th and 11th of december 2005. We had spent ages searching for hotels and as we had left it to the last min we found that the majority of places were either booked up or very expensive. But then we found the best western convention centre! When we arrived I was a little unsure about the location - especially walking back to the hotel on our first night - but we had no problems at all! It's only a short walk from times square! All the staff in the hotel are very friendly. The rooms are very small but well equipped and very clean. The continental breakfast is great, it really does set you up for the day! As two young women on a shopoping trip the hotel was perfect! i'd definately recomend it to people!	
Apr 8 2006	Great Hotel if your on a budget	Stayed at this hotel for a week in march there is not much around but it is only a short walk from Times square and 34th street.Rooms where nice,clean and comfortable Tony the door man was really nice and helpful would stay here again if on a budget.	
Apr 8 2006	Great Little Hotel	Stayed here for 7 nights during March and April and would recommend it for a bargain break in New York.Hotel is spotlessly clean and the Staff are friendly and welcoming. Rooms are a bit on the small side but nicely decorated and furnished. I was a bit worried about the location when I first arrived but it is only a short walk to civilisation and restaurants, and I experienced no problems. Perhaps would not recommend for a lone woman Traveller due to location, would have no problems during the day but might feal uneasy at night. Would stay here again without hesitation, can't beat it for value and cleanliness, New York can be a bit of a lottery where hotels are concerned, unless you can afford the very best.	
Mar 23 2006	Ideal Hotel	I stayed in this hotel for a week in March. At first the location seemed to be dodgy but was actually safe. There isnt much in the immediate location but a few blocks away on 9th avenue there is numerous diners and restuarants. The hotel is within walking distance of Times Square and 34th street which is good for shopping. The hotel room was small but very clean which is the main thing for me! The breakfast sets you up for the day. As I was on the 6th floor I didnt hear any noise from traffic. Would definately recommend staying here.	
Mar 4 2006	Close to Amtrak	Nice hotel convenient to Penn station	
Dec 1 2005	Felt Safe but just the basics	I stayed at this Best Western because I read the reviews of the BW President, which were not very good. I really rely on Tripadvisor for the truth. Location was probably the biggest downfall, but it is in Manhattan! This hotel felt safe because it was near the NYPD. In the middle of the night we heard bullhorns pulling over cars. Although it is a bit of a walk to activities aside from the Convention Center, it was adequate for one night. The staff were very nice and the continental breakfast was adequate. It is best to walk towards the Convention Center and then take a right for night time walks. That way you walk by NYPD, which is more than safe. Walk up to 42nd St. and turn right. There was a great restaurant along the way called Cafe Josephine. As you walk up 42nd St. it starts to light up. The room we had was small but clean. No frills. I would stay here again if I had to go to the Convention Center, which is right across the street. The price was right at around $200 night during Thanksgiving weekend.	
Nov 18 2005 	Did Not Like It!	I stayed at this hotel because of the reviews and because I had to go to a conference at the convention center. I left after two days because I did not feel safe. I'm a woman traveling alone and did not like the characters going in and out of the &quot;gentleman's club&quot; down the block or the taxi drivers hanging out all night long across the street. There was even a fight between some of them late one night that got loud and scary! Yelling, swearing, etc. I was too scared to go out at night to get dinner so didn't even eat. There are homeless people and thugs on the streets. The rooms are small, but clean. The staff was helpful. The location is awful. I moved to Times Square and was much happier.	
Nov 14 2005	Modest but marvelous	What a hidden gem... ok it’s not the Waldorf but it is clean and friendly. Breakfast is complimentary and the bagels are fresh!! Endless tea and coffee too .. This hotel is about 15 to 20 mins walking (stroll) distance from Times Square. At no point either in the hotel or walking back at night to the hotel did we feel uneasy. The area is busy but quiet and all the main streets leading to the sights etc are lit up so it feels very safe to walk about. Rooms are smallish but well equipped and with friendly daily maid service they are just perfect for a short stay in NYC.Try and get a room on the 11th floor its quiet up there and the views aren't too bad either.This is a great hotel and if you can get over the 15 mins stroll in to town then its well worth the stay.	
Sep 21 2005	Great Hotel	The staff was great...very helpful and courteous. The room was always clean and it wasn't as small as some other NY hotels. Breakfast was OK, with coffee, juices, and breads. Although the hotel is located on a street among garages and a few blocks from Times Square, I felt safe and I would stay here again for the price.	
Sep 6 2005	A great hotel	Stayed there September, the rooms were spotless and well cleaned. The staff were very friendly and helpful.Breakfast was A1 and plenty of machines for late night snacks.The hotel is situated in a quiet part of town , even with the taxi repair shop / fire house nearby, much quieter than hotels I have stayed at in 34th Street.Only a short walk to the centre and ideal for attractions like the Circle Line/ US Intrepid.It did what it says on the tin .......	
Aug 28 2005	Bargain	I booked this hotel last minute as my first choice hotel was not available for the entire stay. After reading the reviews on Trip Advisor I was expecting an average hotel in an iffy area but was very pleasantly suprised.Most importantly the hotel, our bedroom and bathroom were immaculately clean. The rooms weren't overly big, but not so small that we were uncomfortable. We were on the 11th floor and had a view of the Hudson from our room which was nice. Breakfast was complimentary and buffet style - Cereal, Toast, Juices, Tea &amp; Coffee, Fruit, Bagels, Doughnuts.The hotel is on 38th Street between 10th and 11th Avenue and is located amongst numerous 24 hour taxi repair garages. This means that there are constantly people around and I felt completely safe walking to and from the hotel at night. Although there is not much to do or see in the immediate vicinity of the hotel it's an ideal base for sightseeing. A 10 minute walk in either direction will take you to the nearest Metro Stations at Penn Station / Port Authority Bus Terminal where there are also plenty of shops and restaurants. A 15-20 minute walk will get you to the Empire State Building and it's also a similar distance to Times Square. I saw some horses near to the hotel on my final day, however I did not notice any poo smells as reported by other Tripadvisor users!	
Aug 23 2005	It's a yes well worth it!!!!	This is my second time in NYC and the first time I stayed in a 4**** hotel in front of central park for double the price. The walk to time square is about the same but the rooms here are without a doubt much more recent. The airconditioners are new, the water pressure and temperature are 10 on 10. The drawback is the 24 hours bodyshop in front of the hotel and you don't feel like a million bucks coming out the hotel. The area is not like central park but for the price, any day for me. You also get parking for 21$ a day 25$ for van or 4X4 but I negociated for 21$ a day for my 4X4. Also, internet access is free, a continental breakfast is included (toast, cereal, pastery) and the service is excellent. Hope this helps you in your choice.	
Jul 29 2005	What a jewel !	Ok so this hotel is on W38th between 10th &amp; 11th avenue and yes its about a 20 min walk to shopping and sightseeing areas but I LOVED this place.In fact I am organising my next NYC break and this is where I'm going to stay.Clean rooms with very clean bathroom (a big factor for me), and nicely sized, very friendly staff, lovely complimentary breakfasts.My cousin stayed at the Pennslyvannia on 34th &amp; 7th and it was such a pit, gross bathroom and such small rooms you knock things over.This hotel is such a great find, hidden away but well worth the price.You must be prepared to walk, which frankly is the best way to see NYC.Its not far from Penn Station which has links to the Long Island Rail Road from JFK's Airtrain station Jamaica Center. 30mins from leaving the airport I was in Manhattan and less than hour from leaving the airport I had checked in to my room.Try this place, you won't regret it.	
May 23 2005	Best Western was nice	The Best Western by Javits Convention Center was very clean and comfortable. It is just around the corner from the covention center so it's very convenience for those attending trade shows. The employees were very friendly. They serve continental breakfast every morning and also have free internet access via ethernet which they will provide if you forget yours.	
May 12 2005	A pleasant suprise!	My partner and I have just returned from 5 days at the Best Western Convention Center Hotel and I must say im impressed. The room was spotlessly clean and the size was accepatable. The staff were friendly and the cleaners always greeted us with a smile. Breakfast consisted of bagels, muffins, doughnuts, toast, cereal, juices and tea/coffee. I thought the hotel was located in an ok area, at no point did I feel unsafe, and it was only half a mile from time square!! My only gripe? The hallway outside our room smelled quite strongly of smoke.	
Apr 23 2005	fair deal clean and new	close enough to walk everywhere in midtown. I traveled with a nine year old and we were able to get around easily on foot.staff was helpful and polite.... room was newer, neat and clean although seemed small... but I stayed at the Hilton before and the room wasn't much bigger and was at least three times the price.They checked our bags and held them after check-out until we were ready to leave. The hotel staff greeted us each time we entered and left and appeared to know that we belonged at the hotelthere was plenty of food at the free continential breakfast as well as a large, comfortable area to eat....food was replenished as needed and the staff was attentive to the buffet arearecommend it for a short stay in the Times Square area	
Apr 11 2005 	very impressed	I was very surprised and impressed by our stay at Best Western Convention Center Hotel. It was a little out of the way, but in NYC you must get used to walking anywhere you go. I do not think there is a place in NY that has an &quot;ideal&quot; location. The only complaint I could find was that the rooms were extremely small. Of course, you are only staying there to sleep, so that shouldn't matter. It was clean, the beds were so comfortable, the maid came every day to clean up and give fresh towels. The staff was friendly and outgoing. I highly recommend this place. Yes, it might smell a little like horse poop outside, but you can get used to it. Plus, when are you going to be standing outside anyways. I suggest seeing the firestation right up the road where there are some cute, outgoing firemen. So, if you are looking for a nice, clean, good price hotel...stay at the Best Western Convention Center.	
Feb 7 2005	Good clean friendly hotel	I booked the hotel for a shopping trip to NYC after reading the reviews on this site. The hotel was basic but a really good base for exploring New York. It IS in a good location if you don't mind a walking! A cab garage is near by so it was v.easy to hail one if needed. We felt that the area was safe if you were sensible and we walked back every night. (There were 4 of us). Our only complaint is that the breakfast area is far too small and the queues for a coffee in the morning were silly! It wasn't worth waiting for when Times Sq is a couple of blocks away or you could get a good cuppa from the deli on the corner.	
Dec 10 2004	The Hole		
Oct 24 2004	Good value modern clean		
Aug 13 2004	Loved it		
May 9 2004	Very handy for Jacob K Javits convention center...		
Apr 8 2004	if you are 73 and reading this then yes the walk is relative!		
Feb 29 2004	Great Hotel in iffy neighborhood		
Dec 12 2003	Too far away		
Jun 28 2003	Bait 		
May 12 2003	Exceeded my expectations		
Apr 24 2003	Good Hotel not so great location!		
Oct 28 2009 	Hotel @ NY: consigliato!		
Aug 7 2009 	Une vraie bonne affaire à New-York		
May 19 2009 	Vraiment tres bien !		
Mar 27 2009 	bon rapport qualité-prix		
Mar 26 2009 	Très bon rapport qualité prix pour NYC		
Dec 6 2008 	hotel trés convenable à Manhattan		
Dec 4 2008	Bon hôtel moderne propre bien situé		
Sep 28 2008 	Assolutamente sconsigliato		
Jun 18 2008 	Mi estancia en Nwe York		
Jun 10 2008 	hotel senza troppe pretese		
Apr 17 2008	malas instalciones		
Mar 19 2008 	Hotel Pratique Propre Sympathique et Calme		
Feb 15 2008 	Se ritornassi a NY andrei in questo albergo		
