Nov 19 2009 	Chic boutique hotel in the heart of the financial district	Usually when I come to NYC, I stay in SoHo or the Lower East Side. If you plan to go out in those areas or even up in the East Village or Chelsea, this hotel is a bit out of the way. But the price can't be beat for a Thompson boutique hotel. The subway is close by but Fulton Station is not easy to figure out. You'll also need to transfer to get to where you need to be. Some of the direct lines to that area also don't run on the weekends. The hotel will call a taxi for you so getting out of the area is not an issue...I stayed in a standard room the first night and then upgraded to their biggest suite, both were really great. Really SOFT and heavenly beds. Service was friendly but sometimes slow as they didn't have enough people working the front desk. I'm still working through a dispute with the hotel as their housekeeping through out one of my shopping bags. Usually for the amount of money spent here, I wouldn't have to go through this much trouble for a reimbursement. However, management has been courteous throughout this situation.There is only breakfast room service but many restaurants in the area also deliver. Since you will be in the financial district, many of the neighborhood bars and restaurants might be closed. I'd really only recommend this location if you know the city well and will not be around the hotel much.	
Nov 6 2009 	Great hotel if location is right for you	I stayed at the Gild Hall in September 2009, while in NYC for a quick break before heading elsewhere int he US on business.The hotel's great - large rooms, clean, and good value.However, the location could be a down-side, depending what you're visiting NYC for. If you're on business, you're right in the heart of things with easy access to Wall Street etc. For leisure, it's less good. Easy access to Battery Park and the ferries, but beyond that you're facing a subway guide to get anywhere - especially weekends, when a lot of the shops and eateries in the immediate area are closed. Fulton Street subway station is also hideously complicated.Also thought that any hotel charging this much should have free wifi.	
Oct 30 2009 	Great boutique hotel in Downtown NYC	My husband and I wanted to spend our 25th anniversary in downtown NYC. I booked the Gild Hall Hotel based on reviews and the location. It was a great choice! It's walking distance to the Seaport, the Hudson River walkway/park, and Battery Park. We wanted to do the Ellis Island Tour and also be able to go on long walks, so this area was perfect. The hotel is a funky little place with a great staff - very friendly and attentive. I lost a shopping bag at the bar one night, and the staff really bent over backwards to help me find it. The even offered to watch the security tape to see if it had been stolen. I've never encountered people so willing to go beyond their job description.The room was a good size - the only strange thing is that the bathroom is walled in with frosted glass blocks, so you can see the person on the toilet. Even after 25 years together, that's just too much information. The bed was very comfortable and there was plenty of closet space. The only bad thing about this location is the lack of places for a good breakfast on the weekend. Since it's a business area, a lot of the surrounding shops are closed on the weekend. The diner that the staff directed us to was horrible. I would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 12 2009 	Great Value - convenient location (for us)	Booked this over the phone directly with hotel after several websites (including their own) showed no availability. Location was perfect for us since we have family a block away. Room was above-average size for NY standards, interesting decor, nice atmosphere overall. Only hitch was the smoking room they originally assigned; we had to wait about 1/2 hour to be re-assigned but everything worked out OK. Would definitely recommend this if you're looking downtown.	
Sep 24 2009 	safe and great location	Stayed here for 3 nights before moving mid-town. Loved the location as it was perfect for exploring this part of NY and felt very safe at all times of the day and night. the hotel was very comfortable but like other reviewers did not like the bathroom door - very inappropriate. Didn't find the hotel staff particularly friendly, in fact we felt as though we were just about tolerated. They just answered our questions as briefly as possible and never offered any advice or additional information. On the plus side we never heard any noise from outside our room and the bed was extremely comfortable with excellent bedding. There was no iron in the room but we asked for one and it arrived straight away. All in all a good choice of hotel but didn't want to spend time in the lobby as we felt this was quite depressing with no atmosphere.	
Sep 19 2009 	Nice hotel shame about the room keys	Staff were friendly, and the room was comfortable and nicely furnished (but would suggest to them to get rid of the shabby tartan throw rug on the bed - awful). Good location to Southport restaurants and shops, and located just near Wall Street. We had good and inexpensive breakfast at nearby Zeytuna each morning: yogurt, fruit, good coffee or cooked breakfast if you want. Big problem with this hotel is that the room keys need to be re-set constantly (same happened for our friends who also had a room there). Given we were there for four nights, this was a little tiresome. Hotel bar and reception area has nice atmosphere.	
Sep 16 2009 	One of the BEST!!!!	Stayed here in June 09, worst weather ever for new york but this hotel was fantastic. Bit difficult to find but once found fantastic.Subways literally around the corner, as is Wall Street, having been going to new york every year for 10 years and this is the first time that I have made it to this area. I found it amazing, there is even a Tiffany store, Trump Hotel but not the same as looking at them in 5th Ave.Going go get the only real negative out of the way..BATHROOM - OMG.. Four girls in the one bedroom, four crazy irish shoppers into the mix and a bathroom that you can see right into..Feel sorry for the person who is on the right hand side of the bed, your nose is literally squeezed into the glass, and boy, there is nothing left to the imagination here.Immediate call down to house keeping to tried to do something with a double bed sheet and thumb tacks which kept falling each time some one entered the bathroom but we had to put up with it.. Why on earth cant they just put something on to the glass like a perspex decal or something.. It really is unacceptable.Front desk where always very friendly, the bell hops at the front door where in a league of their own. On the last day they could not have been better. One of the guys went round the block until he got us a taxi van rather than pay for 2 cabs to take us all plus numerous bags to airport.Weekends, this place really does go to sleep, but come monday morning it is bouncing. On arrival we all received complimentary vouchers for drinks which we forgot about. Didnt eat here, but used one of the carts just across street which was gorgeous..Room service was fantastic, loads and loads of snow white crisp clean towels, shower really powerful and any amount of hot water. Mini bar in room which we emptied to store our own drinks which was a pity.The bedroom was big enough for four, would love to stay again at xmas but the prices are crazy, so if anyone has any good low cost hotels they can recommend please do so.	
Aug 31 2009 	Gild Hall is right golden.	Everytime we go to New York, we like to stay in a different neighborhood. This time, we picked Financial District, so Gild Hall (of the Thompson Hotel group) was the best choice for us. We were quite happy with the place, despite being a tiny bit worried about the mixed reviews. The decor is a unique mix of old-boy British club meets Zen simplicity. There were lots of quirky touches, such as a rhino footrest in the lobby, and antler chandeliers. Loads of cushy leather sofas to chill. If the names Wes Anderson and Vivian Westwood mean anything to you, you will appreciate the look and feel of this place. The room: A plaid throw on the bed (which has a huge leather headboard) contrasts nicely with clean undecorated walls. The dark blue industrial grade carpet in the room, however, was jarring against the sumptuous and simple details of the room. Having stayed in a number of NYC hotels, I have to say the room size was pretty generous. Toiletries were spare, but nice, from C.O. Bigelows. No shower cap, or other little extras, just lotion, shampoo, conditioner, bar soap. Oh, and no wi-fi, and they charge 10 clams for internet. Wah?The front desk and service were lovely, the bar was fun, and attracted what seemed like locals and regulars, mixing with out-of-towners. The restaurant Libertine was closed for summer, so I cannot comment on that. But there are tons of bars and restaurants nearby in every direction. Don't be misled by those who say there's nothing down in the Financial District. We found good pizza, old-skool diners, and more. The streets are labyrinthine, so it's not as easy to naviagate as the gridded parts of NYC. Subways are nearby. Overall, this hip cozy lodge was a pleasant surprise.	
Aug 29 2009 	Perfect Location to S. Street Seaport/Financial District	OK, I did have concerns about staying at this hotel, since, I am a female, traveling alone on business. My company wanted me to stay at an affordable hotel within walking distance to the financial district. So, at $199/night this was it. I had a hard time finding it, since it is on a side street, but I was able to find it. It is Art Deco decor and a small, boutique hotel, so there will not be a lavish lobby; but there is someone at the front desk. The staff was very, very nice and made me feel comfortable. I was able to walk to South Street Seaport by myself and no problems at all. I was able to shop, drink and eat. Fun. One of the days, I went to a spa to get a massage in the neighborhood one of the days. And, most of all I found some really great places to eat/shop...Century 21 (the best store on the planet) - within walking distance (about 3 blocks), Crumbs bakery, near wall street - Double YUM and Adrienne's Pizza Bar on Stone Street for the best pizza. It is completely safe. Back to the hotel, the room is very small, the halls are small too. The bathroom doors are dusted class. I wouldn't recommend a family or a couple, at least not the room I was in. Oh, they do have condoms in the room too. Just in case, if you meet someone along the way...;-) They also have a library on the 2nd floor/lounge too. I had a great time. Oh, one more thing, I am also a travel agent and I would recommend this hotel for single travelers or business. Fun and safe and bit of real New York City!	
Aug 27 2009 	Not a 4 star	Definitely not a 4 star rating. Pricey hotel for what it offers. No restaurant or food (room service) available in hotel. Why not at least have snacks in the bar? Rooms are clean but really small. I hurt my shin on bed frame. Not enough drawer space for clothes. Closet was ok. No coffee maker or iron in room. Bathroom glass door needs to go (what was the reasoning behind this semi-see through door??). To make matters worse our bathroom door had a defective lock and couldn’t stay shut! We couldn’t believe that they charge $10 per day for the internet! Is this a New York thing? Cheaper hotels have free internet!Staff was great (Friendly and helpful).Hallway decor is nice and unique. We found the lobby somewhat dull. One night there was a wedding party. We tried to get a drink at the bar on the first floor but the wedding guests were hoarding all the space around the bar and some of then seemed reluctant on creating a pathway for us to order our drinks. The bartender seemed unconcerned about us.If you are ever in Chicago, try Hotel Blake. In Washington DC try Hotel Lombardy, you'll see why Gild Hall does not deserve a 4 star rating. These other hotels are rated 3.5 star but are surely 4.5 star based on the Gild Hall rating. They are also less pricey than Gild Hall. But then, its New York!… the streets around the hotel were full of garbage bags. Wall Street?? More like garbage street. Everything seemd just crammed in….. well!	
Aug 25 2009 	Great Location!	I stayed here in a room with too big and comfortable doublebeds with three friends for 50$/night/person.The only negative thing about the whole stay for our kind of trip is the fact that room and baathroom are only divided only by a thin pane of frosted glass. That carried no weight since all the rest was positive:1. The location is unbeatable in my eyes. Starbucks, Supermarket (with all the freshly prepared foods you can imagine), pharmacies and several bars and diners around the corner. The latter ones have food and drinkss at reasonable prices and appear NOT to be typically tourist-places but places for the people working there. We enjoyed those place much more than places in midtown where we stayed later. The liveliness on the streets from early in the morning till the late afternoon also seems to be much more that of the &quot;real New York&quot; than the life in many other places we have seen. Also are both the 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 J, A, C, E, M, Q, R, W and Z - trains in 5 minute walking distance and take you to basically the whole city including Midtown, upper/lower West-/Eastside, the nice parts of Brooklyn (you might want to change to a northbound G...), the Bronx and Queens.It's a short walk to Ground Zero, Century21, the port and lots of other places of interest.2. Both the room, bathroom, lobby, bar and the rest of the hotel were clean at any given time. The staff was friendly, professional and unobtrusive.3. The room was not huge, but there was enough place for all our stuff on the floor, in the dresser and the closet. It included a bigscreen tv, an ipod-dockingstation, a safe, a minibar, an icemachine on the fourth (and 14th?) floor, a silent and powerfull ac and a nice bathtub. The interior is classy with leather and dark woods as seen on the pictures provided by tripadvisor. Also the rest of the Hotel has an elegant appearence.__All in all our stay at Gild Hall was near perfect and not only better than our stays at &quot;Swiss 1291&quot;, &quot;the Edison Hotel&quot; and &quot;the Portland Square Hotel&quot; but also better than the stay at the 39th floor in the &quot;Waldorf towers&quot; where the TV didn't work and where we had to open the main door by ourselves, unlike at Gild Hall.	
Aug 3 2009 	a pleasant stay!	Stayed here for four nights in July.From the moment I checked in staff were extremely friendly and very happy to answer any questions I had regarding travel and anything else to do with the hotel.The hotel has a lovely decor which has a &quot;trendy&quot; feel to it. The restaurant looked a little pricey and was pitched as &quot;english gastro&quot;, being and Englishman myself I steered away from it but from what I could see the food looked pretty good.To be honest, in this location you have thousands of choice of places to eat, so eating in the hotel would be a silly idea anyway, go explore!The business centre was pretty useful, containing a few shared PC's and a networked HP printer (which I used to print directly to from my laptop).The rooms are fully equiped with LCD TV, minibar, bathrobes, wardrobe, and small desk.Other people have mentioned the rooms are a little small, I would agree if we were comparing against other outer city US hotels, but the rooms were pretty much the standard size you get in any European hotels and inner city hotels. A/C in the rooms was great and even with the lovely duck down covers (in summer!) I slept like a baby.The hotel is very close to Fulton street subway which is *fantastic* as it's on stacks of subway lines, you can get anywhere in manhatten very very quickly. It's quite easy to get lost in the maze of streets around the hotel, but this is downtown in the financial district, what do you expect? with a good map you can find it perfectly.The bathroom was great, very clean and bright and a powerful over-bath shower and fully stocked with the usual hotel condiments. Other reviewers have complained about the transparent material used between the bathroom and the room, it is in fact shaded so you can't see through it at all apart from the odd shadow and wouldn't be a problem for people sharing a twin room.My only complaints were:- $10/day for wireless, at a top end hotel pitched towards business this was totally unacceptable, even smaller low-end hotels have free wifi these days.- Wardrobe space was OK, but no drawer space at all, for longer stays a few drawers to store clothes would have been required, with two people in the room we struggled.Otherwise I would highly recommend this hotel for business (since it's a few blocks from wall street) use or for tourists since it's perfectly connected, a short walk from the downtown sites and a 10 minute subway ride from the rest of the city.	
Jul 28 2009 	Friendly Service Saves the Day!	Like the other review here, I too stayed at the Gild Hall on the night/morning of the atrocious fire alarm. The difference is that I was approached at reception and an immediate, remarkably sincere, apology was extended. Although I was in a hurry to catch a flight the front desk did all they could to mend the wounds of being awoken at such a ridiculous hour (I am from the west coast and had logged a mere 3 hours of sleep!). Throughout my stay I found the front desk to be warm, friendly, funny &amp; helpful (especially Kelli). At this price point I would call the Gild Hall a good value.	
Jul 27 2009 	Recommended overall	The room and bathroom were of a reasonable size, nicely furnished and clean. Wireless internet is an extra 10 USD per day. A few unusual extras were available in the room (condoms etc).The hotel is located in downtown Manhattan which may not be suitable for all though there is a metro station located closeby.The only issue I had was that the fire alarm went off at 0500 on the first night we stayed (followed by an announcement that this was a false alarm). The alarm then repeatedly sounded until the morning though was stopped quickly on each occasion. This meant that it was not possible to get any sleep from 0500. I realise that this is not necessarily the hotel's fault but it would have been nice for the hotel to apologise when we went through reception in the morning, which would have been good customer service.	
Jul 5 2009 	cool hotel tucked away between seaport and tribecca destinations	Stayed here over the July 4th 2009, very cool hotel, nice common areas, very friendly staff, great access to much of tribecca and the seaport. Its nice to be able to remove your self a bit from the midtown crowds, on a weekend such as the fourth, and still be so close to so much.	
Jul 3 2009 	Good but not great.	Likes: Location just a few block from the Fulton Street Metro station and the South Street Seaport. Superior room was decent sized (for NYC). Nice LCD TV in room. Nice design throughout.Dislikes: $10/day charge for WiFi (WTF?!?! - after paying $160/night for the room?). Glass bathroom door - who really wants to see their companion sitting on the john, anyway? Only cover for the bed in the heat of summer was a thick down-filled comforter - we had to turn the thermostat down to 65 degrees and run it all night to keep from roasting. A simple top sheet or thin blanket would have been nice.	
Jul 2 2009 	The Best! Excellent in every way!"	Location, price, staff, room, etc.... perfect. You cannot go wrong with this hotel. It is a gem.	
Jul 1 2009 	Gild Hall is very nicely decorated in the common areas good location	I rarely stay downtown -- generally in midtown instead. Gild Hall has very nice common areas that are warm and old school feeling in a trendy way. good experience. If I needed to stay downtown again, I would definitely consider again.	
Jun 29 2009 	Great service great atmosphere great hotel!	My boyfriend and I were visiting NYC just for the night to see some friends and decided to get a hotel instead of crashing on someone's couch. Someone recommended Gild Hall and we booked it. The whole stay was great. The front desk staff was friendly and efficient when we checked in (and gave us 2 free drink tickets for the Libertine Bar in the hotel). When we went to the bar before dinner, we had great service again. We ordered the crab cake and when a mix-up in the kitchen caused it to come out somewhat late, we got another free round of drinks unsolicited (we weren't in any rush). The decor was very cool - &quot;modern hunting lodge chic&quot;, if I had to define it. The room was comfortable, spacious and clean. The automatic light on the mini-bar was a sleek feature (although, some wires must have been crossed in our room because it turned on and off on its own all night.) My only complaint with the room was the very strange design feature of a frosted glass bathroom. You could see right in from the outside! The hotel isn't in a *great* area of the city as far as Things To Do goes, but it was very quiet and cabs are easy to find. I would definitely recommend a stay at Gild Hall.	
Jun 20 2009 	The Gild Hall made my first trip to New York a delight!	The staff is excellent - very helpful. courteous and go out of their way to ensure that their guests have what they need. The room was a pleasant surprise in size, accommodating 4 wormen with plenty of suitcases,makeup bags and snacks. The only drawback is as mentioned in previous posts, the glass wall for the bathroom is not everyone's cup of tea. If they would block out the middle section it would help but when the bathroom light was turned on in the early morning it was tough for those who wished to sleep in. We are adaptable so it didn't bug us too much because the rest of the room made up for it. The restaurant for dinner was delicious and the staff there were great.The location is perfect for catching the subway, getting coffee at Starbucks, food nearby at the Deli and walking to South Seaport for a meal. We will be coming back to this hotel when we make a return trip to NY. I was apprehensive about the trip and check trip advisor before I ever book a hotel, so I thought it only fair to give my feedback and say I was not disappointed in my choice.	
Jun 18 2009 	Nice Stay	We stayed at the Gild Hall on May 29th for our 15th anniversary. I got the night as part of a package with dinner through Skyauciton.com. While we live in Brooklyn, we rarely spend time in that part of Manhattan so it was a nice experience. We felt like tourists for a night. The rooms were nice and chic, reminded me of the W Hotels. Beds were comfortable and the location is ok, but more geared for weekdays as evenings and weekends are pretty dead in the financial district. Having said that, there seem to be some pretty good rates (by New York standards) for the hotel on weekends and you can walk to South Street Seaport, Liberty Park, etc. By the way, there is a great little specialty grocery store/restaurant called Zaytunas very close to the hotel. During lunch time, the basement of the store is a cafeteria type deli with lots of great Medditeranean/Middle Eastern kabobs, salads, pizzas, etc.	
Jun 14 2009 	Nice at 1st glance but actually a very poor hotel	We were excited to stay in a boutique hotel by the Thomson Hotel company, and severely disappointed by this overpriced hotel that is not properly maintained. I am a frequent traveller &amp; stay at Marriott whenever possible. Most important to me is a convenient hotel with clean rooms that are functional. My 1st complaint with this hotel is the bar in the lobby that is not cleaned properly. If you arrive at 1pm, 5pm, 10pm or 5am, it smelled of beer and cocktails (as though they were spilled on the floor).But the real &quot;treat&quot; is in the rooms. The room was incredibly small (maybe a little over 200 sq ft), and yet it featured a king bed. There was very little room to store luggage and get around the room. Then there was this misguided notion of a glass wall for the bathroom facing the room (actually, it was pretty much in the room) ... you could exactly see the person in the bathroom &amp; the toilet was right next to the glass wall (that was pleasant!). Also, the rooms and halls were in need of refurbishment.Given the location and price, we expected far more. We stayed at the Sofitel for the last few days of our trip in New York, and had no complaints ... Gild Hall is very, very mediocre and not worth the money.	
Jun 10 2009 	Good business hotel	Good business hotel - great location in Manhattan, quiet yet at the centre of things.Rooms are small-ish, but not at all uncomfortable. Room has fairly good facilities - mini-bar, internet (to pay for), toiletries etc.Would be good if they can shove in a 'reading chair' or sofa ... a single seater. Also a coffee maker is sorely missed!!!Otherwise a very pleasant place. Staff are polite and professional. Hotel has mini-gym on each floor, for the so inclined.	
Jun 5 2009 	Cute Boutique Hotel in Manhattan with service to make you smile	We only stayed at GildHall for two nights whilst passing through Manhattan but really felt involved and appreciated. The manager and concierge went out of their way to make us feel comfortable and to ensure we had a brilliant time in New York. The room was large and very well appointed and with Kiehls products. It is a little out of the way but we like that, its only a short taxi drive from midtown and Soho and as it is so close to Brookyn bridge its great for an evening stroll. All in all this is the best hotel I've stayed in for a long time!	
Jun 3 2009 	Excellent hotel	What a superb hotel !! Comfort was excellent, rooms super clean and cosy.Everything was perfect. Staff is really nice and helpfull.Large and comfortable bed.Cookies, ice at arrival, newspaper offered every morning.SUPER QUITE.Breakfast was just ok and we've been charged the Espresso we asked for everyday.Infos :- iPod &amp; iPhone dock in all rooms (charge and listen music)- a great METRO stations at 1 min walk : Fulton st- 5 min walk from Ground Zero / Century 21 (perfect for low price shopping)- Safety box- 5 min walk from the brooklyn bridge!!!WARNING : be aware that Lower Manatthan is a BUSINESS DISTRICT. It means it's crawded on weekdays and dead on weekends. Nothing particular to do at night.If it's your first time in NYC, consider booking an hotel in Midtown East or West.	
May 19 2009 	Nice Hotel with Funky Designer Vibe	We were looking for a 4-star hotel to join our friends in the Financial District of Manhattan so we went on Priceline and got this little gem for a great price (130$/night). We had looked it up on the internet and were delighted to see a hotel with a distinct designer vibe. It's as if the Scottish designer duo Collin and Justin went crazy and decorated the entire hotel!Upon our arrival, the staff was courteous and suggested an excellent Italian restaurant nearby (Giardino D'Oro). Although on the smaller side, our room (#83) was beautiful with a large comfortable bed with exquisite Egyptian cotton sheets (Frette). The large LCD tv made my boyfriend very happy. It's a smaller but very cozy and extremely beautiful hotel. I would suggest going there if you like boutique hotels.	
May 14 2009 	Great stay... again	I have stayed at several Thompson's in New York and have never been disappointed. While the Gild does not have the Soho/LES/Tribeca address, the quiet neighborhood can be welcoming during the weekends. More importantly, the staff remains on its toes. During our stay, the service was nothing short of excellent. Everyone went out of their way to ensure that we had a great stay in NYC.	
May 12 2009 	We liked the Hipster Hunting Lodge	Gild Hall was the first Priceline hotel we ever stayed at, so we were delighted to have gotten this upscale, funky hotel for only $125 a night. The decor is a very distinctive hybrid of chic and rustic -- to this day we call it the Hipster Hunting Lodge. We'll be happy if our Priceline bid lands us there again.The staff was very courteous, and housekeeping was thorough. There were nice little perks, like the tasty Fat Witch brownies waiting for us, and the overhead lighting fixture that appeared to be made out of a cast iron wagon wheel. The bed was huge and comfortable. Staying in the Financial District is more interesting than you'd think. There was a branch of The Strand Bookstore right around the corner, and plenty of places to eat. By day it's bustling, but at night it's so quiet that you'd think you were in the suburbs. It's perfect for travelers who aren't into night clubbing and partying.The room was lovely, but beware the rooms with glass bathroom doors! I loathe this trend in interior decorating, which seems to be trying to imply that sharing all at potty time is somehow sexy. The glass was frosted, but the toilet is right up next to it and you can see everything. My partner and I adore each other, but we don't go to this level of personal exposure. I don't know if they have some rooms with normal bathroom doors, but you should ask if this is a problem for you (I wish we had).Other than that, we enjoyed the hotel very much and everything worked as it should.	
May 5 2009 	Amazing and Comfortable!	Great staff, loved the location &amp; staff.Only 2 minutes away from Century 21 and the TKTS at theSeaport location.We found this hotel on Priceline for a great price.	
May 4 2009 	Stylish cozy fantastic service/staff	We love Gild Hall - we stayed this past weekend while in town for a wedding. Fantastic decor in both the common rooms &amp; our room. Excellent attention to details: high-end materials, extremely comfy bed &amp; linens, excellent toiletries (Kiehl's). Best hotel bathroom I've ever used. The staff was friendly &amp; attentive without being pushy. Room service was quick &amp; delicious. We slept really well, too. We wish this hotel were a little further uptown, as the financial district is a bit dead, but it was only a short walk to several subway lines.Overall we had a restful, wonderful stay.	
Apr 30 2009 	Slightly odd location downtown but nice boutique hotel	My stay did not start off well as my cab driver hit construction at the end of the block and told me I'd need to walk the last block and a half to the hotel, but once I arrived, it was a good experience.Room size varies - mine was smallish, while a colleague was pleased with the size of his room. Ask for a larger room. The vibe is very boutiquey and I'd say a bit on the masculine side. My room had a huge, brown leather upholstered headboard and a plaid throw blanket. I can't be sure, but the sheets may well have been Frette, they were very high quality, as were the Kiehl's toiletries in generous sample sizes.There is a nice bar in the Lobby with a library vibe, which markes for a good after work stop.	
Apr 23 2009 	Cozy modern beautiful....I loved it.	We stayed for only one night, alas, on a quick trip to New York. My son, who lives in the west village, warned me about staying in the financial district, calling it &quot;desolate on the weekend&quot;. I didn't find that to be true at all. Sure it's not Times Square on a Saturday night, but I hate that. Lots of people were about sightseeing ....with the ferries, Ground Zero, Southstreet Seaport, and residents out walking dogs and shopping for groceries. We picked the Gild Hall, as we got a good rate on Expedia, and it looked lovely. And it was. When we checked in early, they explained that the king room we had booked wasn't ready yet, but for 50 bucks more we could have a suite. I hesitated, and the clerk said..&quot;It's a great suite that normally rents for $300 more a night&quot;.....so we said, Sure! Am I glad we did....it was a seriously fab sweet suite....the design in this place (Todd English) is amazing, two big wall flatscreens...both with HD...I wanted to have a party in there it was so cool...gorgeous marble bathroom, with Kiehl's toiletries. In the words of Tina Fey of 39 Rock...&quot;I want to go to there.&quot; Subway entrance a couple of blocks away, great pastries and coffee at Financier Pastry also closeby, and an amazing gourmet grocery store Zey Tuna, again, a couple of blocks away. One angst moment ...you have to pay for wireless internet. Come on, Gild Hall!!! Was my 10 bucks worth it?	
Apr 22 2009 	Great hotel in a great location	We stayed for a week in the Gild Hotel, and couldn't fault it. From the welcome cookies to the lovely Kiehls toiletries, they made our stay so enjoyable. We have an 8 year old and an 11 year old, and were slightly worried beforehand that a boutique hotel would maybe be not quite the right atmosphere for them but we couldn't have been more wrong. Would definitely stay there again.	
Apr 21 2009 	Unique and botique. Excellent hotel.	Gild Hall is a modern and funky, boutique hotel right in the middle of the financial district. We stayed for a weekend and enjoyed the property overall. We loved the decor...which we decided was modern, mixed with elements of 60's-70's Europe/Norway. The hotel staff were both friendly and attentive during our stay. Standard rooms are small-ish, but are very well laid out, with all the modern amenities you'd expect to find. The bed and bedding were excellent, soft and comfy. $10 per 24 hours for Internet access wasn't a big deal to us. Like all big cities, there's some street noise. For future improvements, I'd suggest that Gild Hall go for sound-proof windows overall, but once the bankers go home for the day, it wasn't really an issue. Speaking of location, this property is located in the Financial District, so there's not much going on after 5 p.m. If you expect to step out the door and be in the &quot;middle of it all&quot;, probably not the right property for you. However, Gild Hall is only a two minute walk from a major subway hub (Fulton St.), where you can pick up the red 2/3 lines and green 4/5/6 lines, (meaning you can get ANYWHERE in New York from this point). We're subway friendly people, so this ended up being a real plus for us. The price for the room was excellent and the location, worked as well. One thing to consider! There's major roadwork being done in the entire district, so getting to the hotel by cab, was a challenge, since many streets were closed off. The entrance is on Platt St. and after we circled around in the cab a few times, we just got out and walked a 1/4 block to the hotel entrance. Not a big deal, just something to keep in mind.Overall? Nice stay, very enjoyable.	
Apr 18 2009 	Excellent hotel in the heart of Wall Street	There's a lot to like about Gild Hall-it's a great hotel in the middle of the Wall St. area. Rooms are decently sized, clean, and modern. Cordless telephone, internet access (at a modest fee of $10/day), and flat screen TVs were all amenities.My one complaint would be the desk- not a lot of room to sit down and work. The TV hovers above your head.The bed was comfortable and the bathroom was clean. Kiehl's toiletries are a nice touch.The location is very good if you're planning on spending most of your time downtown, a little less desireable if you're going to be spending time midtown, though subway access is just a block away and can get you to midtown fairly quickly. The restaurant in the hotel was very nice (though the music in the pub is a bit on the loud sound making conversation a little tough.Overall, I'd highly recommend Gild Hall.	
Apr 6 2009 	Wowsers! What a hotel!	Gild Hall was the culmination of every design i have tried to incorporate in my house but have not been able to. Service was great, food was great, conceirge accomodating, everyone friendly. You have to ride the subway in New York and they are close to every line you need and the doormen are more than willing to get you a cab, even if they have to go a couple of streets over to do it. Lived in greenwich village for three years and didn't know you could find a spot in the city to sleep that wasn't loud. I will definately go back.The only bad thing was the door on the bathroom...kinda kills the mood if you have to use the restroom before love making...	
Apr 5 2009	Beautiful Hotel at what must be recession prices	Booked a standard room but agreed to an upgrade to a Suite when I arrived. Rate was $200 a night after the upgrade. Suite was gorgeous, wood floors, designer furniture. Hotel as a whole is beautiful. Very clean and well-kept as well.	
Apr 4 2009 	good but a little odd	The good - rooms are nice, well designed use of space and well decorated. Restaurants was good.Odd - well it's very hard to find. My cab driver got quite lost. Location is not well marked so be prepared. No normal public restrooms, they direct you to two rooms on the second floor. just odd.not good - workout rooms (a few little cubicles really) are small, hot, unpleasant. don't expect to work out. They should convert a room to a workout room instead. this is a decent solution if you have to be in lower manhattan, but not my favorite nyc hotel by far.	
Mar 31 2009 	Good but some disappointments	The bed, linens and cleanliness were all great. The opaque door to bathroom would be odd for most people.But they lied about the parking, straight up. We were told that it was $45 for the 1st 24 hours but if we stayed on after that, it was an hourly rate. Well, a few hours late for the 1st 24, we were charged a full 24 hour rate.And, they pay to park it but you kinda have to let them park it, so you are stuck w/that extra &quot;valet&quot; charge. That parking thing is just wrong.Also, what's up w/charging $5,00 per person for the &quot;bottomless&quot; cup of coffe in the morning? Most hotels, even excellent ones, give you free cooffee.I'd stay there again but I'd scope out parking elsewhere or take the train in and go next door to Starbuck's for my coffee.Also, the brunch menu is outrageously expensive and there are great breakfast places in all directions, 1 or 2 blocks away. Much, much cheaper. Still, the staff was nice. Loved Alex, the bartender.	
Mar 27 2009 	What a Gem!	We stayed at Gild Hall while looking for apartments in the financial district. The staff was very friendly, helpful and educated in hotel service. Our room (#69-- I suggest that room because it is a King Premium and it has more space-- nice shower!) was quiet and well appointed. The bed and sheets were perfection!!! Better than any Ritz or Four Seasons that we have ever stayed in. I love that they offer Kiehl's products in the room! I am a designer and quite picky, so I had concerns about the noise, etc. We did hear the trash trucks, but at night around 10:00, so no problem. The restaurant (Liberteen) is nothing to write home about in terms of food quality, but the bar is charming! We had a great time there! We did a tour of all of the room types for future reference because we plan to put our family there when they come to visit. I suggest asking for the rooms with the higher ceilings because it makes all the difference! We felt the price of $240 for a premium room (we negotiated that at the front desk when we went in to check out the place) was beyond a great deal! I have to say I did not like the charge for internet (why do hotels do this?), but, as I said, we got such a low rate for the room, that I did not linger on this negative aspect. It is true that car services need to be told to come to the Platt entrance because that caused a delay for us in getting to the airport. The gym needs to be redesigned and given more importance, in my opinion. But, overall, it is a great find!	
Mar 22 2009 	Great Value-Very pleasant hotel.	Booked a superior King for $139 directly from website, how can you beat that. Incredible value for a nice sized, very clean room with a 37 inch lcd tv. Nice looking hotel from the lobby to the rooms. It's not spectacular but it's the best hotel for the price in all of downtown(prob all of NYC), bar none. Plenty of street parking if your stay is on weekend. Staff is friendly and professional. One gripe, bar in lobby closes earlier than stated. If you're looking for the most bang for the buck on the weekend and only a $8 cab ride to SOHO-this is it. Better than Club Quarters, Wall Street Inn and Eurostars. 2 markets 1/2 block away and 3 blocks to Broadway where you can grab subway.	
Mar 17 2009 	Not the Ritz Carlton	I sent some colleagues to this hotel due to its proximity to the Financial District and the reviews I saw on Trip Advisor. First, the hotel front is not on Gold Street but on Pratt Street and the limo driver would not go to the front. There are no individual temperature controls in the room so it is hard to regulate to individual temperature preferences. The windows do open but the garbage trucks pick up trash at 4:00am and it is very noisey. The bed frame/platform is larger than the mattress so one gentleman kept hitting his shin on the frame. The restaurant serves a limited British themed menu which was not to their liking. I would porbably reccmmend the hotel to a younger person but never again to older executives.	
Mar 2 2009 	Price was right - clean rooms	2nd year taking the wife to a Broadway show. Last year we stayed at the Millennium Hilton right next to ground zero - which was nice, very expensive and we had been warned about the 24 hr. construction noise. Went searching for a hotel this year and based on it's reviews alone I booked Gild Hall and I'm glad I did. Let's put it this way: 2 nights here cost me slightly more than 1 night at the Millennium last year. The bartender on Friday night informed us that it had been converted from a Holiday Inn about a year ago to a Thompson hotel. Rooms were cozy, modern, clean and comfortable. Good water pressure in the shower and a nice flat screen on the wall of the room. Really, what more can you ask for? Cabbies had a hard time finding it coming back - there's a lot of construction in that area and even though the hotel is 15 Gold Street one has to enter at Platt. 2 blocks from the Subway, we'll be back for sure.	
Feb 23 2009	Modern style attentive staff	Stayed at Gild Hall for 2 nights in Feb 09 on a girls weekend in NYC with my mother, and would definitely return. I'd describe Gild Hall as trendy without pretense. The decor is reminiscent of a lodge...lots of dark leather and wood panelling, but it's delivered in a very modern way. The lobby is cozy and inviting (with chess, checkers, and books), and it adjoins a Todd English bar/restaurant (had lunch there...small but good menu).The room was clean, modern and fairly spacious by New York standards. Kiehl's soaps and shampoos in the bathroom...other &quot;amenities&quot; in the mini-bar (not suitable for a mother/daughter getaway, but provided a good laugh.) The hotel was very quiet. There's not a lot of street noise like you'd find in a Midtown hotel. While that's one advantage of the location, some might find it far removed from main attractions in the city (and taxi fares uptown can add up.) And the area is pretty much deserted on the weekends. If you're not too familiar with NYC (and even if you are), navigating the Financial District can be confusing. Personally, I don't mind the location. It's only a few blocks from the subway, and you can often find good deals in the Financial District. So, for my next trip to NYC, I'll definitely look first at Gild Hall!	
Feb 22 2009 	If you have time to waste and don't mind being aggravated this one is for you	Gild Hall is listed as being on Gold St. After 40min. of circling with my navigation system on I finally got smart enough to call the Hotel. They are on Platt St. Taxis's can't find this place. The bellman has to go up to the end of the block hop in the taxi and bring the taxi to the hotel. Very time consuming and inconvenient. The Music in the lobby was so loud you couldn't hear the front desk people. Parking was interesting. I called the night before to confirm they had parking. They said yes. What they did not tell me until I arrived is that the parking is$55. per day and per each time you take your car out of the garage. So Plan on taking a taxi if you can find one. The Bathroom was another storyOne side of the bathroom wall had frosted rippled glass the door had just plan rippled glass, Either way if someone was using the bathroom their was nothing left to priviacy or the imagination. The next biggest disappointment was when we returned to our room to rest at 3:30pm and found our room had not be made up. When I called the front desk to inquire they said that the guest has to request houskeeping. I have never heard of this but more importantly I was not told this at registration. In November I stayed down the street at the Hampton Inn near South Street Seaport. It was my first time there. It was a far better hotel for the same price as Gild Hall. By the way. When the Bellman asked how my stay was and I told him of my complaints he said&quot;We hear the same complaints all the time&quot;. Guess who's not listening to their patrons?	
Jan 13 2009 	Beautiful Boutique Hotel in Downtown	My boyfriend and I stayed here after spending 4 nights up in the Theater District at the Sheraton Towers. The two hotels were night and day. I was exhausted (and cold) from the previous 4 nights in Times Square (weather was in the low 20s). The room was small, but had very nice finishes. The bedding was super soft and the bed itself was very comfortable. The bathroom and wet bar had everything we needed, including Kiehl's shampoo and conditioner, and an adult &quot;pleasure package&quot;, which I had never seen offered in a hotel room. The room also had a flat screen TV. The only downside is the location, sort of in an alley-like street. There aren't many great restaurants within short walking distance, so we always took the subway to Chelsea to eat. We didn't eat in the restaurant located in the hotel, but it looked like people were enjoying it. Upon leaving we checked our bags, since our flight back to Seattle wasn't until 8:25. The front desk staff was more than helpful accomodating us.	
Jan 7 2009 	Wonderful Romantic Getaway	I had originally planned on staying in another hotel - but with the declining dollar and the financial crisis, the Gild Hall slipped into my (Eurobased)budget. I stayed there with my wife a few days before Christmas for her Birthday.We were warmly received on the evening of our arrival and after a speedy check-in shown into our large and nice room (the guest pictures shown here well-reflect what the rooms look like).The cake I had ordered via e-mail was duly delivered on the birthday next morning together with a nice breakfast. Because we couldn't eat the whole cake it was stored for us and taken out on our request (we were even served a complimentary hot chocolate one afternoon) - the cake was too huge to be eaten up completely - and delicious. Except on this one occasion, we never had breakfast here as we were always up and rushed early in the morning for siteseeing. The place appears to fill up as a bar in the evenings although we never made it - always being to exhausted from a day out.The location is absolutely no problem - it does get quiet in the evenings (which is great for light sleepers like myself), but access to nearly everywhere is excellent with well-connected subway stations within a few minutes.The hotel also offers a gym (not seen or tested) and a small internet room with free and fast internet terminals.The the last day there was a pipe burst which put one of the elevators out of service and flooded the 2nd floor bar and lobby - put it was professionally handled and elevators were back in service fairly quickly - it was an exciting little &quot;adventure&quot; while staying there.All in all service is excellent, friendly and very personal and for under 200USD a night, the value for money was great.Thanks to the Gild Hall team for making our stay, my wife's first to New York, so pleasant.	
Dec 29 2008 	Good hotel for the price	My husband and I stayed at this hotel during the Christmas period for 5 nights. I was impressed with the size of the room given we were in NYC afterall and only paid USD 200 per night. I was initially concern with the location as it is in the financial district, instead of the more usual tourist hotel locations like uptown/midtown/time square. However, the hotel is very close to Fulton station which was very convenient to get to most tourist hot spots. Also, the fact that it is in the financial district (i.e. quieter area at night), was in fact a blessing in disguise especially after spedning the day in busy Manhattan.Hotel service was friendly. The cookies that we received at the start and end of our stay was an added bonus.In summary, I would recommend this hote for those who like a little quiet time at the end of the day, and if you are able to get a good price for it.	
Dec 24 2008 	Romantic Evening	I stayed with my boyfriend at Gild Hall for a romantic little getaway, and we had the most wonderful evening. Our room could not have been more comfortable or stylish, yet the fittings seemed more classic than anything. The service was great, the employees were friendly and helpful, and the food at the restaurant was absolutely delicious! I highly recommend the lobster sliders... I would recommend this hotel to anyone and everyone looking to spend a perfect, quiet night in NYC.	
Dec 3 2008 	Wonderful Hotel!	Stayed in the Gild Hall Hotel with my partner from monday to friday November 24-28th. Found the hotel to be very stylish, comfortable and in a good location.All the staff were extremely friendly, thanks all! We stayed in another hotel 3 nights prior to our stay at Gild hall and loved the bed in the first hotel. So we were a little worried the bed would not be as nice, but boy does Gild Hall have comfy beds! Large King Size beds with beautiful leather headbords. We checked in around 13:00 and our booked standard room was not ready. We were offered a deluxe room upgrade at 30 dollars plus. We exepted and were not dissapointed. The room was on the 14th floor and had all the ammenities one could wish for. Housekeeping was excellent, front desk extremely helpfull in giving directions and suggestions of places to have breakfast etc. We had breakfast in the hotel once. It was good, service was good, but overall a little pricy for what you get. We had some great breakfasts across the street at the Gold Street Diner. I read some complaints on the hotel location, but in my opinion it could not have been much better. Ok, it's not very central, but there are several subwaystops around the corner with connections to all areas of NY. As said before you're on Times Square in 10min! And I found the Financial District as well as Chelsea/West Village (where we stayed before) a much nicer area then the over-busy touristy Times Square/Midtown area!We sure had a great stay at the Gild Hall hotel and will surely return next time we're in NY!!	
Dec 3 2008 	Fantastic base for people who know NY	We stayed at Gild Hall for 4 nights and really enjoyed it. We got a really good deal through priceline and it was completely worth it. We have also stayed at 6 Columbus and preferred Gild Hall. Our room was small but fine - this is NY so to be expected!We have lived in NYC and so know it very well. For this reason, we knew where we wanted to go and it was very easy for us to plan how to get around. However, for people who want to be more in the middle of things, it might not be as suitable.The concierge was fabulous and all the staff were so friendly. When we were there the restaurant wasn't finished, so they just had pastries and coffee, so i don't know what the situation is now.All in all, it has always been very difficult to find affordable places for friends and family who came to visit us, but if you can find a good deal on this place it is definitely worth it.	
Dec 3 2008	Helpful and Friendly in NY	This hotel is an exceptional find in downtown New York. The hotel has a relaxing atmosphere after a day in the city. We stayed there Saturday to Monday, the neighborhood is quite at the weekend as it is in the financial district, pubs and restaurants are walking distance away and easy access to the Subway (2/3). The bedrooms are very comfortable, large flat screen TV, mini bar and modern furniture all add to the experience. The staff at the hotel are very helpful; the concierge was a great help- thanks Damian.TIP: The taxi to JFK can take up to 90mins allow plenty time to check in!!	
Nov 28 2008 	Excellent hotel	My wife and I stayed at the Gild Hall from 21st Nov. to 25th Nov. 2008 to celebrate my wife's birthday. We found the hotel to be stylish, comfortable and would not hesitate in recommending it.We loved the hotels boutique style and ambiance.The staff were extremely friendly and helpful. We arrived early prior to our room being ready. However this wasn't a problem and they stored our bags securely to allow us a couple of hours to explore the immediate area. The Gild Hall is located in the Financial District and is only about a 5-10min walk from Wall Street, Ground Zero, Clinton Castle (the launch for the Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island), Battery Park and the Brooklyn Bridge. There are plenty of subway stations nearby and Time Square is only about a 10 min ride. We found the location to be perfect, the financial district is more sedate (if New York is ever sedate), than Time Square etc, so this allowed us the best of both worlds.In my opinion the rooms at the Gild Hall were clean, stylish and the large bed was extremely comfortable. Perfect after a long day of sight seeing. We really could not fault the standards. My only slight criticism would be the noisy air conditioning system however once I worked out how to turn it off this was no longer a problem (we were there in November).Overall we found the hotels standards and location to be perfect. I would definitely stay here again and would not hesitate in recommending the Gild Hall to other travellers.	
Nov 16 2008 	Nice rooms hollow doors noisy hallways	I stayed at the Gild Hall Hotel for three weekend nights, and while the room was clean, comfortable and stylish, it was difficult to get a solid night's sleep due to the noise coming from other guests' hallway conversations and doors slamming in the wee hours.Otherwise, the staff was friendly and the service was fine. I didn't hear anything through the walls or the floors, and street noise was minimal since the hotel is really on an alley-size street. The window was double-pane and blocked street noise well.Supermarket, drugstore and a Financier cafe a few blocks away for morning espresso and french pastries was handy.	
Nov 10 2008 	Holiday Inn decor still haunts Gild Hall	The only downside of Gild Hall is that the rooms still feel too close to a Holiday Inn. The decor has been switched out and the red accents are modern but the layout is still basically the same. This is not exactly what I expected from a Thompson hotel. The staff is stylish and attentive. The bar is inviting. The valet parking is convenient.	
Oct 26 2008 	Recommended	We enjoyed a 5 night stay (Fri-Wed) and found this hotel to be excellent - we were upgraded (we were told) and had a large room, with plenty of space around the bed, and the furnishing and decor was modern and fresh. The ipod dock and wireless internet was appreciated! The frosted glass wall to the wc/bathroom might be a bit more than some appreciate (and of course putting the bathroom light on at night illuminates the room) but we thought it rather funky.The staff were all very helpful and welcoming.The reception area &amp; downstairs bar very pleasant; there is an excellent upstairs bar area (above reception) giving a 'club' type environment. We didn't use the in-house restaurant, choosing instead to eat out at different venues around the area and beyond, but probably missed a trick there, the restaurant looked very pleasant.The price of a couple of beers at the bar slightly shocked us, and put us off from having more drinks there, but we are probably out of touch with NY bar prices!Good 'bed-turn-down' service with complimentary brownies and fancy (Norwegian!) water (is there no spring water closer to NY than Scandanavia?!).The hotel is well located for public transport which we used extensively. We did find that the room (on 5th floor) was a little dark in terms of daylight, but that is a function of being surrounded by tall buildings, on a fairly narrow lane (Platt St). Only other slight criticism was that there are only two lifts, for residents and staff, and waiting for a lift could take a few minutes on occasion. Not a significant issue with stairs available from 5th floor though.We booked through Quikbook.com - excellent service &amp; value (cheaper than offered direct).	
Oct 22 2008 	i <3 rhinos	My husband and I stayed at Gild Hall for 4 nights in October and were really happy with our selection. The price was great for New York at around $300 per night!The hotel is out of the way – for those who consider Times Square “the way” but for us it was wonderful. Situated close to several subway stations and the financial district, we found the area safe and full of amenities.The staff was amazing - helpful and friendly. They happily held our luggage as we arrived way before check-in time. We found the hotel very unpretentious which was appreciated.Also, appreciated – the interiors. The restaurant, lobby, library, corridors and rooms were all lovely. The hotel has a traditional English/equestrian feel, with lots of wood panelling and rich colours but is kept contemporary with the additions of antler chandeliers and a small leather rhino in the lobby.Our room was large, the bed was extraordinarily comfortable – the linens were amazing – aided by the turndown service with brownie!The bathroom was lovely – although as noted by others – you need to be intimate with whomever you are sharing the room with because the door is a glasspanel - which does obscure the user but still…..Loved the kiehls toiletries, ipod docking station and the free WiFi – all bonuses for us.Overall – a great find.	
Sep 29 2008 	Great Customer Service Room Location....	I booked the Gild Hall Hotel through a special on Quikbook and got a great rate for a Saturday night in September, 2008. The hotel has recently gone through a refurbishment and the whole place is fun, stylish, clean and comfortable. As everyone else has stated: The hotel is not easy for cab drivers to locate. I had the address, the Platt St. and Gold St. information and all cab drivers still had a tough time locating the hotel. Perhaps the Gild Hall website could include printable directions from airports and train stations in addition to the address. I think this would solve some of the problems we and others have had locating this fine hotel. We were able to store our luggage upon our early arrival. The doorman, concierge and front desk employees were professional and pleasant to deal with. We quickly got walking directions to the Brooklyn Bridge and after giving them a cell phone number to reach us when the room was ready, we enjoyed our day. The hotel is close to South Street Seaport, Wall St. and the Financial District. It's close to subway stations as well. (not too far from the Fulton St. station).The room was ready about 2:30. This is a really nice place. Good storage in the room, everything is new and I do appreciate the duvet cover rather than a bedspread. Room was a good size, again: very clean and stylish. (orchids is water glass 'vases', trendy glass bathroom tiles, muted shades of everything, thick wooden blinds, leather headboard, stocked mini bar and hangers that actually come off the rod and lovely toiletries and 2 robes). The glass door to the bathroom is so patterned (and the &quot;toilet side&quot; of the glass wall is frosted) that there was enough privacy for my husband and me. Might be uncomfortable, though, if you're not there with your partner.We enjoyed the lobby bar, (good selection of Champagne and vodka). The lobby is designed to invoke the atmosphere of a British men's club, but we thought it looked like an Argentinian men's club because of the hides on the floor. Anyway, it's fun without being silly. We didn't eat in the new Todd English restaurant in the hotel, but we should have. The Libertine serves 3 meals a day; we passed up their brunch offerings for a miserable experience at the Gold St. restaurant just down the street from the hotel. The concierge confirmed our dinner reservation, made suggestions for the next day's lunch and was available, attentive, approachable and professional. Doormen will get cabs for you (not just &quot;hail&quot; them, they actually go around the corner to secure a cab and ride it back to the hotel for guests.) Their sister hotel, 6 Columbus, stored our luggage on Sunday while we explored that part of the city. Again, really great customer service (at both properties) and we'd stay here again.	
Sep 26 2008 	Enjoyable!	We were looking to stay at a nice hotel for a single night whilst we were staying in NYC but didn't want to spend too much of our budget on a fancy hotel. After reading reviews on Tripadvisor and finding a good price on Expedia, we decided to book the Deluxe King room for approx. 150GBP. The location of the hotel was great. We were within walking distance of South Street Seaport, World Trade Centre site and importantly we were close to Fulton Street Subway. We did find it difficult to carry our luggage from the subway platform to the street level because we could only find exits via stars rather than a lift so it might be worth researching more to find out whether there is a more accessible way to get to street level if you require help.When we arrived at the hotel we were met by a friendly member of staff who checked us in pretty quickly. They took a copy of my passport and also my credit card information just in case we used any extras (i.e. mini-bar, movies etc). The receptionist informed us that we could use the business centre (actually a small narrow room with a few PC's in and a printer) free of charge as well as the fitness centres (also small narrow rooms with two cross trainers in and some weights). These also require your room key to get in. The en-suite room was very spacious and had a high ceiling. The decor looked very nice and the king size bed was extremely comfortable. There was an HDTV (approx 32&quot;) on the wall which had quite a few channels in both English and Spanish including some HD channels which looked great! The room had a combination safe, a snacks draw and a mini-fridge full of alcohol, chocolate and soft drinks. There was also a robe available to use (we only had one robe, two would have been better) and also an umbrella, hairdryer and some magazines. For those who get embarrassed easily, please skip the next nine words - There was also a travel couples pleasure kit (Ooh!!!). Various freebies included some brownies to munch on, body lotion, soap, cotton wool, cottonwool ear pokey things which your not meant to poke in your ears (I'm a man, I don't know what they're called!) , shampoo + conditioner. The bathroom was clean and spotless but like a few people on here, it was a bit embarrassing using the toilet because one wall and the door was close to being see-through. It made the room look good having the design of the bathroom though and to be fair, you couldn't actually see what was going on but it still felt a bit awkward. Overall although our stay was just for one night, it was a really nice hotel and I can see why this hotel has been given a lot of positive reviews. The room was clean, comfortable and close to the subway and attractions.	
Sep 17 2008 	Nice clean and large rooms	I definitely agree with the comment below. The hotel rooms are large and comfortable. The bathroom does have a transparant door, but I do not agree that you would see everything trough it. I had the same experience with the pastries and coffee in the morning. By 9:30 I couldnt get any tea. With regard to the location, there is not much going on in the night, but all subwaylines stop very near the hotel, including the expresses and overnight lines. And the fact that there is not much fuzz, means that it is also a quiet place, which appeals to me after going out all day and night.I would recomend this hotel, allthough it is worthwile to compare the rates of different websites. You could have a real good deal here!	
Sep 16 2008 	Nice stay but needs improvement	Spent 3 nights at Gild Hall during the Labor Day long weekend. Overall a happy stay.It’s true that the hotel is too new and taxi drivers may not be able to find. Good that we got a print our map so our taxi driver just followed it... Hotel lobby is on the small side but still got the hip feeling. All staff were friendly and we didn’t have any problems of waiting the elevator.We got there in a Fri morning so the room was not ready. Reception girl took my cell phone number and say ‘when your room is ready, we will give you a call’. There was nobody calling even at 4pm... So we just headed back to our hotel and found that room was ready...The double deluxe room was quite spacious (in NYC standard). Fresh! products in bathroom was really a highlight. However, the glass door of the bathroom seemed to be a problem. It’s really transparent! (even we tried to turn off the light) Good that I found 2 robes in the closet that I could hang them at door. I was very surprise that both bathroom and the hotel room had lots of storage, which is good for us (shopping in NYC) to put our stuff! Little thing can also improve (instead of change the bathroom doors as well), is they can put a dim light somewhere so that it won’t be totally dark at night. Because the bathroom door is transparent, it made the room very bright at night if you leave it on. The light at entrance was bright too! So we had no choice to turn them all off which made it a bit dangerous when woke up at night and walked to bathroom.It’s nice that there was complementary pastries/ coffee &amp; tea in the morning. However, we could hardly enjoy it. We usually got downstairs around 9-9:30am, either coffee was gone, or pastries were gone. I asked the reception to replace the coffee on Sat and a staff was being sent to grab a new pot right the way. Sun there was only 1 reception working at the counter! There was no coffee as well so we just didn’t bother.Hotel is located in financial district. It means there’s nothing going on during weekends/ at night! It’s great for us cause there was no noise problem at all. 5 mins walk to subway (but due to MTA construction, subway didn’t stop there all the time...) and we could be in SOHO in a short time.The hotel is nice overall but it’s lack of staff during weekends. I do have expectation for Thompson group hotels and hope they can improve this. Still recommend this hotel if you like the small boutique hotel idea.	
Sep 7 2008	Interesting remodel and attentive staff	I stayed for five nights with my college aged daughter in late August / early September at Gild Hall. Having stayed there many times when it was a Holiday Inn and once when they were in transition last December I was not quite sure what to expect. I found that the staff was very friendly and helpful. The room was clean, the bed comfortable and the pillows were nice. The wi-fi and flat screen television were an improvement from the previous set-up. Things that could be improved on are; the see through bathroom door is truly see through and I as well as most people like some privacy in that room, the designer benches that flank the air conditioning unit are not comfortable and difficult to sit on for a small person (a nice chair or so would have worked for me), a microwave and mini fridge would have been nice too (not the mini bar fridge). Other than that it was an enjoyable stay. We always use a car service to and from the airport, but taxis seem more plentiful in front of the hotel than in past years which is a plus. The restaurant at the hotel was not yet open but they did have room service available from another facility that was reasonably priced and delivered in a respectable amount of time. Nice job for the most part on the remodel. Would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 4 2008 	Even improved from our last visit!	Just an update to my earlier review from 22 Apr. &quot;Great rate at great hotel&quot;.After our first stay in March, we went back in June and even after having had a very nice experience with the Gild Hall in March, we found it even had improved!There were minor 3 points I had written about in my first review and they all seemed to have been addressed.First, I thought, that the hotel had such a nice room decor, that their cheapo miniblinds just did not fit. In June we found our room with great cloth miniblinds, which were much better. Second, I also had concerns, if the A/C would be sufficient in the hot summer months - It was!Third, the last time the delicous breakfast pastries served every morning in the lobby were pretty much gone at around 9:00AM and not replenished. This time there were plenty and we even were able to get some very late one day, when we arrive downstairs at 11:15AM and usually they are only served until 11:00AM.Somebody must be reading these reviews and actually take them to heart!Great job!	
Sep 2 2008 	Top Notch Service	Looking for a Financial District hotel, and stumbled upon this newly opened property. A wonderful experience, with extremely attentive staff and personal service. It is an obviously new (a renovated hotel, originally built in the 1990's). The first seven floors have quite high ceilings (original property had meeting and conference rooms here) and the decor is, well, a little strange, but the cleanliness is impeccable. I stayed during a holiday weekend, so the QUIET was VERY welcomed, and not a common experience in Manhattan. And they actually answer the telephone, another rare occurrence in today's era of connectedness.Connections to the subway lines is very close by, but thanks to MTA's never ending construction and thoughtless entrance closures make it ridiculously difficult to use. Trust me, take the taxi's, that is what MTA really wants you to do.For lower Manhattan business, this 127 unit hotel is an excellent choice, and seemingly willing to please.	
Aug 29 2008 	Liked it - will be great when complete	My husband works in the financial district so for a getaway, I booked an overnight here and met him downtown. This hotel is in the general vicinity of South Street Seaport - but beautifully tucked away as others have noted. I booked through a discount site for $179 a night and prior to this, had never heard of this hotel. We were warmly greeted by the staff but noted a lot of construction still in the area of the lobby, and we saw some workers about the place and in the elevators in and out. The room we got was very clean and decorated in a modern/minimalist style. The hallways were brightly painted and had many vintage photos for wall art (at least on our floor). We didn't have much of a view - but we didn't stay in our room except to sleep. What we liked about the hotel was that it wasn't tremendously busy, even for a Friday night, and with the exception of another guest who came in loudly at 2 AM and couldn't seem to determine which room was theirs (complete with a 2 AM phone call to our room!!!) we heard no other guest, street or construction noise. The beds were exceptionally comfortable!! Yes, the A/C was a little bit noisy, but the room was sufficiently kept cool which is what's most important. The only real complaint we had, which we brought to the mgt.'s attention, is that the shower fixture in our room had been installed in such a way so that no matter how we turned the knob, at best only lukewarm water came out. I like my showers hot so this was unacceptable to me - and this was true even while very hot water was coming out of the sink faucet. The hotel does offer a light continental breakfast in the lobby, but if that doesn't suit you, there is a diner on Pearl Street not far from the hotel, as well as other coffee/donut shops in the general vicinity. This hotel is about a $15 cab ride from GCT area and a couple of blocks away from the Fulton Street subway. We would definitely stay here again as we don't mind being away from the craziness of Midtown.	
Aug 23 2008 	A Secret We Don't Want to Give Away!!	Gild Hall is a diamond in the rough. We booked on quikbook for $252 for Fri/Sat. As a former New Yorker, back for a weekend, I had no idea where Gold St was - save yourself alot of hassle and tell your cabbie 22 Platt as the address, Gold is only about a block long.. The hotel is a gem. With a wonderful, friendly and helpful staff, great rooms - roomy, plush CLEAN (most important to me in NYC) and freshly decorated by New York standards. Fantastic extras like Fresh body products, Fat Witch brownies at turn down, coffee and pastries in the lobby in AM, close to Soho, LES etc... Really a luxurious little boutique hotel. Cons: no room servcice, hard to find at first, when word gets out prices will soar! Also, a Todd English bar/resturant will open soon which will raise the profile of this hotel. We loved it - stay while you can!!!	
Aug 20 2008 	Great deal Awesome Hotel	I booked this hotel through Priceline for $136 on a Saturday night...and overheard the hotel staff say that the regular room rate was $430/night! When I arrived at the hotel, the check-in staff was very friendly and attentive. My room was awesome, very spacious, clean and quiet. There was a large flat screen TV on the wall, a huge comfortable bed (down comforter and pillows) and a top-notch bathroom (marble floors, glass tile). The hotel also has a fitness facility and offers free coffee and danishes in the morning. The staff was nice enough to hail a taxi for us, and the guy pulled right up to the front door of the hotel. Despite what I read from other reviews, the hotel is not difficult to find, and the air conditioner is loud, but compared to other NYC noise I didn't think it was a big deal. There are some great bars and restaurants nearby as well. Overall, this hotel was awesome and our experience was great.	
Aug 13 2008 	Loved It!	Booked this hotel because of the reviews from trip advisor and I have to say - they were not wrong! The hotel is beautifully furnished and very comfortable. For a NY hotel room at $193/night + tax = a steal. Knowing that I would be getting into NY late (around midnight), I called ahead to let the hotel know a week and a half beforehand. To my surprise, I was told that they did not have a reservation under my name. (I booked a month in advance) It was only until I gave them my confirmation number from expedia.com that they found that my name was spelled incorrectly in the system. I had a similar problem as some of the reviewers here. When I actually arrived at check-in, I was told that I only had reservations for one night at the hotel when I had booked a room for the weekend. The gentleman at the front-desk asked for a copy of my reservation and he entered some info in his computer and presto! i had a room for the weekend.The elevators - which where small and somewhat cramped - my boyfriend and I opened the door to our room. We found two large double beds in a very spacious room - pretty, but not the superior king room that I booked. However, as soon as I had sat down on the bed to contemplate whether to ask for a room change, the phone rang and it was the front desk calling to ask if i was okay with the room. Basically we ended up switching rooms and we stayed on the 14th floor. Our room was spacious and overall, perfect. We found a comfortable bed, clean sheets and an amazing bathroom. The Fresh products were excellent and very enjoyable. Just look at the pictures and you'll be able to see. The TV had a welcome message with my name on it - which was fun to see. The brownies were delicious and a very nice touch to the door. I have no complaints about the hotel - good location, very accessible to the Fulton St train spot and only 15 min walk to Chinatown/SoHo area/Little Italy. Check out was easy and efficient. Great experience, we'll def go back!!	
Aug 10 2008 	What's all the fuss about?	Gild Hall was OK---but I don't understand all of the ooooh's and ahhh's of my fellow reviewers. Their reviews were the reason I decided to give Gild Hall a try---maybe my expectations were set to high. So here goes---The room was gorgeous, well appointed and utilized for the space provided. Great tall ceilings and nice new furnishings. REALLY nice bathroom with great water pressure. If you ignore the realiy, REALLY noisy AC unit and the very strong &quot;Fabreeze&quot;-like smell when you entered (I guess there could be worse smells in your hotel room), the room was really great.What I don't understand is all of the great kudos to the staff of Gild Hall. Yes---they always greeted you and smiled and were polite. Yes--- they occasionally made small talk and yes they were very pleasant. They also smiled when they told me that I did not have a reservation, only to find when presented with a confirmation number, that they entered my first name as my last and my last name as my first. They blamed this on Quickbook, yet every written communication from Quickbookon this reservation had my names in the right sequence. They also smiled as they told you that your room was not ready even though you were not an early arrival, and they didn't bother to see if another similar room might be available. They smile as they hand you a key for a room on the 6th floor (out of 18) when you asked for a room on a high floor...both on your reservation record and verbally in person. After waiting an unusually long time for the single elevator, the baggage guy with the baggage cart that takes up 3/4 of the single elevator greets with a sincere smile and &quot;hello&quot; as he tries to maneuver the cart to be able to &quot;squeeze you in&quot;. And while I understand their frustration, the guests from all of the higher floors get very perterbed when the elevator reaches the sixth floor and you barge in no matter how much room there is because you are not going to wait for it &quot;again&quot;!The &quot;continental breakfast&quot; is coffee w/o any kind of lower fat milk alternative and a tray of mini-croussants. If you need something a little more continental, there is a great gourmet deli just a few steps up the block on William Street that has a wonderful selection of fresh pastries, fruit, juice, breads and everything else most places offer as a &quot;contenental breakfast&quot;. Now---in fairness---if you're standard is Intercontinental where they also smile, but it is because they take pleasure in frustrating you and love to say &quot;sure can't&quot;, or Marriott, where they just don't notice you at all-- then Gild Hall has very good service. But for those of you who think this was great service, you should check out ANY Kimpton property---70 Park Ave. or The Muse in NY -- and THEN you will experience outstanding service. OK---Kimpton has spoiled me -- but the way I think about it, if Kimpton can do it, why can't everyone else?Don't get me wrong---Gild Hall is a nice place and given the price I paid via Quickbook, it was a really good deal. I'd possibly even stay there again at that price---but don't go for more than $200-$250 for this place---you'll be able to do better. The service is &quot;pleasant&quot;---but not necessarily &quot;good&quot;. Maybe I was just really bothered by the fact that I got ONE tiny Brownie left on my night table when other reviewers got TWO.....	
Aug 7 2008 	Gild Hall Gold st. New York	Having stayed in various hotels in Manhattan over the years, Gild Hall is by far the best. From check in, to check out, the staff work hard towards making your experiance of New York very memorable for all of the right reasons.A little out of the way it may be but there are plently of places to see from this Wall St location.Try the Cuban restaurant at the Seaport or go shopping at A &amp; F, the only one in Manhattan, both are 5 minutes walk away.The bar &amp; restaurant are opening mid August which will help.I can't see any 'normal' people being unhappy here, it's a great place to start discovering the 'Big Apple'	
Aug 5 2008 	Fantastic Hotel!!!!	My boyfriend and I recently stayed at Gild Hall in New York for 2 nights. This hotel is absolutely stunning. It is currently under renovation, we only had access to one of the elevators for the weekend because the second one was being changed. But aside from that, noone would even know that renovations were being done. Check-in is not until 3pm unless rooms become available, but the great thing they provide is luggage storage and a guest list so you can be notified if a room becomes available before the standard check in time. They also have a courtesy room that you can use to freshen up if necessary. The cleaning service comes around twice a day, morning/afternoon and again between 5 and 10pm so we always had clean towels. They also leave a lamp on in your room so you don't walk into darkness... and instead of those typical mints on your pillow, they leave really good brownies on your night stand :) The beds are the most comfortable I have ever experienced in a hotel. And even though it is in the financial district, there is the Gray Line Tour Bus that picks up two blocks away from the hotel... and a cab to Times Square costs under $15. The service was great and everyone is very friendly. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting New York!!!!!	
Aug 1 2008 	Gild Hotel - hidden gem	Stayed at the Gild Hotel for 2 nights in late July. When checking in, I was upgraded to a suite. It was huge and very nice. The bathroom is super clean and nice with plenty of toiletries... The minibar was fully stucked but still had some room to place your own bought drinks.The breakfast was nice, but be in time in order to get the good stuff!The only downside was the wi-fi - it was supposed to work all over the hotel, but it simply did not work in my room so was forced to go down to the lobby to access the Internet.But all in all, a very good experience in NYC!!	
Jul 25 2008 	A Real Gem - But Hard to Find!	We selected this hotel for a long New York weekend based on the Trip Advisor reviews and comments. We found the reviews to be accurate and helpful. The hotel is excellent. The rooms were large - by NYC standards - and the beds in particular are exceedingly comfortable. We found the rooms to be very clean and really liked the Fresh-brand toiletries. The real strength of this hotel is its friendly and talented staff. From the team at the Front Desk to the ladies in housekeeping, we found them all to be courteous and interested in making our stay as nice as possible. The challenge for this hotel is its location. We were driving from DC, and had trouble finding the hotel even with GPS, Mapquest and a good nav system. The construction along nearby Fulton Street made access to the hotel even more difficult. Once at the hotel, the Fulton Street Subway stop gave us easy access to the rest of Manhattan. I would caution anyone who drives to this hotel about the high daily parking charges. We found them to be very high for weekend rates. All in all, it was an terrific home for a fine New York weekend.	
Jul 21 2008 	Fantastic experience!	My best friend and I stayed at Gild Hall from July 18th to the 20th. Coming up from DC, I had not spent much time at all in New York. After consulting some friends, I heard the SOHO would be a really great place to stay. With time running short to book, we tried our luck with Hotwire. When I first saw that location of Gild Hall, I was a little concerned, but the location ended up being great for us. We mostly took taxis and walked but we got to see the city fairly easity. The hotel, as you will accuratly read, is in the financial district, only a few blocks away from the NY Stock Exchange, Trinity Church, South Seaport, Statue of Liberty, etc. The hotel's staff is absolutly wonderful- friendly and have great recommendations about restaurants and bars, and will call a taxi for you if needed and offer to even if its not. More about the hotel. The hotel lobby, and each of the rooms is decorated nicely and is super clean. We stayed on the 15th floor and slept on a comfortable king bed which suited us fine because we had plenty of room to ourselves on each side. The LG flat screen had great picture quality. The water pressure was great in the room. The bathroom was stocked with Fresh products, the mini bar had Dean and Deluca. Each night our bed was turned down, and we were left two Fat Witch brownies. The glass bathroom that you can see in other pictures may bother some people who are light sleepers because the light shines through pretty clearly, though it is tough to tell what is going on inside because of the beveled/textured nature of the glass. The first night we were there we didn't think they had a hair dryer, but they do, it is in the closet by the provided robe. They have three small gyms on different levels. We had an awesome experience and will stay at Gild Hall again.	
Jul 14 2008 	Best kept secret in great location	I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place. From check in to check out everything was just great....and as the previous post said make sure to keep singles out and ready for those great bellmen. Me and my wife in town for business from Chicago and we decided to check out the Gild Hall since it was close to where I work and also much quieter and away from the hustle and bustle of our last stay in midtown. A bit bummed out they had no restaurant but the front desk make the best recommendations and you even get a discount as this great local resto if your a guest! Complimentary pastries and java in the morning was exactly what I needed! Right near the south st seaport. The rooms were superbly designed and make sure to ask for the high ceiling rooms! The staff were as friendly and kind as they were attractive! Even one of the front desk people (andre) was kind enough to help us get a taxi and carry our bags three blocks to where our driver was waiting to take us to the airport! A bit hard to find but maybe that keeps it a hidden secret! Two thumbs up everyone at the place shows what hospitality is really about! Cant wait to go back.	
Jul 2 2008 	mixed feelings	We stayed 4 nights in the Gild Hall end of June and stayed in a superior king room (#53). Room was rather small for the $400/night we payed, buit well equiped. The big problem with the room was the very noisy airco unit, one of those large, old-fashioned in-room units. They come to life with a very loud click and in case you are not so sound asleep (ie when jetlagged or after a few hours of sleep) you are sitting upright, totally frightened and wondering what happened. There was no way to avoid turning off the airco unit, because New York City was very hot and humid and.,.,.. across the street is a building with an airco unit that is even more noisy. So opening the window is no option.Apart from that some minor nuisances that you would not expect in a hotel in this category: Tv channels did not correspond with the titles in the menu; the (free) wireless hotel guests network is NOT the one called Thompson (that's the one for the administration), but the one called ZyXel, which is confusing when your computer detects 20+ wireless networks!Apart from that, there are quite a few very positive aspects: front office staff is very helpful and friendly and so is the concierge. He even put our rented bikes in a special storage room.	
Jun 26 2008 	Awesome	I travel on a budget, so have never before stayed in a 5 Star hotel, but because of a great introductory weekend rate, I reserved this hotel for when I popped through New York on a return from London. This hotel is just wonderful - from the warm welcome at midnight on Friday, to the brownies at turndown, the coffee and pastries in the morning, and the lovely room, it was wonderful. The room was beautiful, the lights and TV on when I entered, I thought I had walked into an occupied room, but soon realized it was because of the turn-down service. I'm not usually fond of &quot;modern&quot; lines, tend to prefer more of a cozy feel, but this room was perfect. The bathroom is lovely and the toiletries and first rate, I loved the large soaps, and high-end shampoo, conditioner, and lotion that was changed out each day with fresh items. There was a nice comfy robe and lovely soft sheets, a wonderful mattress, and thick fluffy towels. I didn't hear any noise from outside or from adjoining rooms, even though my room was close to the elevator.The only downside is that it was a bit difficult to find after dark (the cabbie had no idea where it was) and the area on the weekends tends to close down, and restaurants are a bit away, but there is room service available, and the on-site restaurant should be great when finished. Everything was first rate, and though I doubt I will be able to stay here at regular rates, I would highly recommend it.	
Jun 23 2008 	Gild Hall was great except for the bed.	Travelzoo had a great deal for the hotel and I am a big fan of the Fresh brand products that the hotel stocks the rooms with, so after reading the great reviews I decided to book a room for our trip to NYC. It should be noted that although the hotel's address is 15 Gold St., it's entrance is on Platt St. Good information if you're arriving via car. Some of the nearby streets are closed for construction (the sign says through 11/08) so be sure to look for the hotel on Platt not Gold, or you'll spend a lot of time circling around the nearby one-way streets that aren't closed off.The staff was very nice, and the lobby and hotel in general are very attractive. It's a close walk to the piers, and less than a mile from China Town and Little Italy. Perfect for dinner. The next morning we also walked to Ground Zero and the Wall St. area which were very close.The nice little touches: turn down service in the evening, Fat Witch brownies left in the evening, a mini-bar fridge which had a little room for our leftovers, Fresh brand lotion/shampoo/conditioner (love them!), flat screen tv, a quiet air conditioning unit, and a plush bed. The bed reminds me of the Hyatt's Dream bed. So comfortable to relax on, but oh how my back hurt in the morning. Too soft for me, though I wanted to like it. High powered shower in the morning felt great.The glass bathroom door that some people have referred to didn't bother me. It's texturized glass, you can't see everything behind it. The muffins and pastries in the morning were nice, fully stocked until almost 10 AM.All in all a great stay, and if they had firmer beds I'd gladly return.	
May 22 2008	Great Hotel!	We booked 5 nights through Quikbook, and were not unhappy with the results. While the 11th floor room we received was a little smaller than we are accumstomed to in our travels, it seems to be an adequate size for New York. The bedding was perfect, the room was clean, there was a decent sized closet and in-room safe, and the washroom was clean, modern, and had enough shower pressure.The location of the hotel is pretty good for downtown Manhattan. You're not too far away from the Fulton Street subway station, and we found the 2/3 lines most convenient for us. There was also service with A, C, 4, 5, among others that were convenient for getting uptown. You're a few blocks away from Broadway, and there is tons of shopping within walking distance, like J&amp;R and Century 21.The only disappointment we had was that the turndown service failed to fully secure our door one evening. We came back to our room to find that while the door wasn't ajar, it was not fully closed. Luckily, the location of the room was at the end of the hall, so there wasn't much walking traffic. But we only received a couple of perfunctory apologies from the desk clerk. We were told the housekeeping manager would get back to us, but never heard from anyone else, and did not receive some token of apology (like a meal chit for their current dining relationship).All in all, a great stay was had by all.	
May 13 2008 	No doubts I will be back...	Before booking this hotel I had reserved other hotels in NYC and one day I saw good deal from quickbook. The price was the reason I chose hotel since I was having doubts on their design, location.... I cancelled earlier booked hotels and gave a try.After this stay, I know I will definately return to this hotel even if I have to pay more. People working at the hotel are so friendly, relaxed and laid back! Such a great welcome, no attitude or arrogancy as in many NYC's hotel of such level. They were always there to help us. The room is cute. Enough for two. Great bed and great bed linens from Frette. Huge flat tv, free internet. Bathroom is small but no problems with that. The only thing I did not like is old air condition machine, which does make quite a lot of noise. Luckily it was not too hot on NYC when we were there but in summer, you might need to leave airco on the whole night and I do not like that idea... No problems with location. Actually it was nice not to stay in up manhattan but in down town. Brooklyn is very close. Meat pack, Soho, Lower East a few stops with metro. Enough to discover and see.Thanks guys at Gild Hall for such a great service!	
May 4 2008 	Pleasant surprise!	My cousin was getting married during the last weekend in March. It was at the Brooklyn Botanical Garden. I contemplated whether to attend or not because 1. I'm not familiar with Brooklyn to find a hotel to stay in and 2. Manhattan hotels are way too expensive. After a LOT of online searches for hotels in NYC, I finally found a great deal at the Gild Hall, a Thompson Hotel in lower Manhattan. It's in the Wall Street/ Financial area. I thought why not, it's close to Brooklyn and affordable.When I arrived (around 11pm), I was a little disappointed by the location - it was quiet since it's in the Financial district, not much going on... But then when I checked in, I had a positive experience. The front desk rep was very friendly and helpful. She upgraded me to a room on the 15th floor (not sure what I would've had in the first place) and informed me that they're close to completing renovation of the hotel, but excuse the appearance. I didn't notice anything different like messiness or noise so it didn't bother me... I took the elevator, which was nice and clean. Then got to my room and I was very impressed! (wasn't expecting much to begin with) This place exceeded my expectation - there was a king size bed, flat screen TV, sitting area, free Wi-Fi. It was very spacious (and clean!) for a NYC hotel!Next day, I took a walk and was pleasantly surprised that I was so close to the subway, PATH, ground zero, South Street Seaport and other touristy areas. The hotel was also close to shops like Century 21, Borders, Daffy's and Sephora. This worked out great for me!To sum up, know that this hotel is located in lower Manhattan, close to the southern tip. If you plan to have a partying weekend or want to explore all of Manhattan, then this might not work out for you. However, if you don't mind the commute or if you're going to Brooklyn, NJ, want to explore Wall Street, Statue of Liberty, Ellis Island, places below 14th Street or even Canal Street, then this is a great place to stay. Enjoy!	
Apr 30 2008 	Loved it!	Found a great last minute rate through Travelzoo.com for $225 on a Saturday night. The hotel is fabulous. The bed is extremely comfortable, and the staff is very helpful. The concierge wasn't quite as helpful, but the check in staff were. I highly recommend this hotel. It is a quick walk to Battery Park, World Trade Center site, etc., and about a block and half from several metro lines. Can't say enough about this hotel.	
Apr 27 2008	Love Gild Hall	I have been coming to the lower Manhattan Financial District on business for many years. I was always a little jealous of my friends who got to stay in really cool hotels in mid-town. Well now with Gild Hall on Wall Street, it is my friends that are now jealous of me. Gild Hall has recently been renovated and I have to say it is now one of my most favorite hotels in the country, and I know plenty of them.I don’t like traditional style hotels but sometimes cool and hip hotels are not comfortable. This is not the case with Gild Hall. It is really cool but also warm and comfortable, no matter where you choose to drop. The rooms are about as comfortable as they come, the beds are to die for with their incredible linens and down beddings. I also liked the iPod docking station and the large cozy robes.The Gild Hall restaurant is not open yet but they do have 24 hour room service and the food is great.Take all this and add to it the really personalized and caring service and attention of the Gild Hall staff and this hotel is really a winner. You don’t get any attitude, just warm and friendly interactions with the staff there and anything you ask for gets an immediate answer with a smile included.These people did this right and I have found my home on Wall Street at Gild Hall.	
Apr 21 2008 	Awesome quiet location in NYC.	Gild Hall was definitely worth the pre-opening price. Our room was small but well outfitted. The bed slept well; the linens were exceptional; and the bathroom was well designed. The hotel services seemed to be up to speed, too. The hotel is steps away from Battery Park, the South Street Seaport, and the pedestrian walkway entrance to the Brooklyn Bridge. If you're looking for a quieter getaway not NYC, this is the place to stay.	
Apr 21 2008 	Surprisingly wonderful!	We booked our reservation with Gild Hall in NYC through Priceline for $100/night. It's in the financial district, which we weren't terribly excited about, but we were pleasantly surprised! The Gild Hall is a diamond in the rough. The staff was all very friendly and extremely helpful--they pointed out great places to go on the map and advised on where not to go. They were quick to help us upgrade our room at no extra charge. The room was amazing, flat screen TV, decorative, no expense spared. Beds were comfortable. Doors to the bathroom were slightly more transparent than necessary, but we got over it.Every time we came and left the hotel the staff would recognize us and exchange pleasantries. There was a friendly doorman who helped with taxis and finding our way to good restaurants. The front desk person who checked us in even wished us a good morning when we saw him in the subway station--that's good service!I will definitely plan on staying here again on my next trip to NYC.	
Apr 21 2008	Excellent!	I paid $109 and consider it the best hotel deal possiblein NYC because this hotel has class, style, luxury, and asuperlative staff. Example of superlative staff: the air conditioning was a bit noisy so they had a staff persongo to another room and test it for sound before I went intothe new room to test it with positive results. This hotellocation is at the lower edge of Manhattan near the 9/11site, but it is within two blocks of the Fulton Street subwaywhere you can catch trains going all the way up thewest side or east side. The 4 train was 13 minutesto Grand Central. The booking was through quickbook.comand it still felt like preferential treatment, but it is their wayat this hotel to treat eveyone like they are paying $575per night which you may soon have to do. They do a lobbybreakfast for free with excellent coffee and fresh frenchpastries or scones. Only improvement would be toprovide the rooms with a coffee maker.	
Apr 21 2008 	Loved our Stay at Gild Hall	I wasn't sure what to expect of the hotel, as our last stay at a mid-town location with higher &quot;stars&quot; was less than ideal, and although not in the heart of the city hubbub, this place was worth every subway ride. The quiet Financial District location made it feel more neighborhood-y. The walk from the subway station to the hotel was quick, even for someone like me who clearly overpacked. The lobby was small and intimate and the front desk staff answered all of our questions, pointed us in the right direction and we were set. The room was a great size, we didn't have to jump over the bed to get to the other side as in most small NYC hotels. My boyfriend was happy with the big flat screen TV and the complimentary fatwitch brownie, he said it was like eating his favorite chocolate breakfast cereal. The king size bed was to die for and curling up under the covers every night on good thread count sheets was the best after a long day. Thanks to the great Fresh bath products we smelled as &quot;fresh&quot; as the yummy fruits every morning from the produce market. And even though we didn't indulge too much in the treats in the room, the fridge was packed with great drink choices and enough snacks that we wouldn't have had to leave the room for a few days if we decided not to. The location couldn't be beat to the Financial District attractions, the Seaport, WTC site, Brooklyn Bridge, Wall Street, etc. We enjoyed a late night drink at the Gold St. diner and a great breakfast there on our last morning in the city. Without a doubt I would stay here again, it was a great experience from the complimentary coffee, tea and danish in the lobby in the morning to the amazing bathrobe hanging in the closest. My boyfriend and I thoroughly enjoyed our time here and we would come back for another stay without question.	
Apr 19 2008 	Top-notch	When our booking with a small uptown hotel was cancelled (one of the owners fell seriously ill so they had to close their doors temporarily) Gild Hall was the last minute replacement they found for us, and I must say we were really lucky.The room (superior king, &quot;superior&quot; meaning &quot;standard&quot; ;)) was on the small side, but tastefully decorated and the big bed was really comfortable with luxurious linen. Bathroom was also stylish, and toiletries were from Fresh. Only thing that bothered us about the room a little was the constant loudish humming coming from the climate control unit - I think the sound actually came from outside through the unit's vent, from the parking building and it's huge ventilation openings across the street. However that was the only noise, so it was probably about as quiet as it can get in New York.However, what really makes this hotel the gem it is is the the staff - everybody, and I mean everybody, from the doormen to front desk to handymen or other staff members we came across were so helpful, friendly and efficient. Nothing was ever too much trouble!The location has pros and cons - it is great if you have business to do in the Financial District, and you can also shop til you drop at Century 21 and J&amp;R's, both of which are about 5 mins walk from the hotel. However, there does not seem to be much nightlife, or it is currently mostly hidden behind scaffoldings and roadworks. We did find a nice Italian restaurant, One Ten at 110 John Street, with good food and great atmosphere, and their bar seems to be quite popular with after-work crowd.Of course, the subway connections uptown and the &quot;nightlife areas&quot; are normally good (eg. express A to 4th St, ie the Village, and 14th, ie. Meatpacking District), but during our stay there were some service changes that made things a bit trickier. All in all, Gild Hall was a great experience, but for our next visit we'd probably consider staying in a different neigbourhood. And, after the hotel is fully up and running (the bar and the restaurant weren't open yet) and there are no more &quot;soft opening&quot; deals to be had, we'd probably wouldn't even afford it...	
Apr 7 2008 	Great location in financial district	My husband and I were in NY for our first time and only for one weekend. We had tickets to the Yankees game Friday night and even though this location is pretty &quot;far&quot; from everything we had no problems taking the subways to the Bronx, Central Park and everything midtown. The lobby is nice, great doormen and super nice front staff. No restaurant yet, but the one across the street honored 10% off orders, was open 24 hrs, and would deliver to your room. (even though we didn't use it)Rooms were really modern, great comfortable bed and updated bathroom with good amenities. Delicious complimentary coffee and pastries in the mornings were a perfect way to start the day.Overall, I would definitely recommend if you don't mind taking subways to midtown and it was pretty close to Soho, the village, and chinatown.	
Apr 3 2008 	Wonderful quiet location great front desk folks	We stayed at Gild Hall for 2 nights - my boyfriend was there on business in the Financial District. Having stayed at 60 Thompson, I just had to try the newest Thompson hotel. I prefer to stay in a quiet part of NYC, and this was it. Granted, the area is dead at night but I walked from Soho to the hotel in 15 minutes, so it's not too far away. I don't like staying in midtown, it's way too noisy and I've done all the &quot;touristy&quot; things...I prefer the downtown shopping and restaurants, so Gild Hall wasn't a bad location for me. If you're a first time visitor to NYC, you might want to stay in midtown to see the &quot;attractions.&quot;The lobby was newly renovated, very &quot;country/modern chic&quot; - it's a very small lobby (much smaller and less glitzy than 60 Thompson - which I love) but is still very stylish. The front desk folks are amazing - so nice and helpful. Each time I stepped off the elevator, they asked what I was doing, where I was shopping or eating and gave recommendations and got me a cab in just a few minutes! The hotel's restuarant isn't open yet, but Harry's is within walking distance (a Wall St. steak house like Morton's). We ate in Soho and Little Italy too...just a short cab ride or walk away. If you like a &quot;scene&quot; try Balthazar in Soho. You're sure to spot a celebrity or two and it's nice to stroll around Soho. Anthony Bourdain's &quot;Les Halles&quot; is also close by Gild Hall in the Financial District. We walked down to the Ritz Carlton at Battery Park and watched the sunset over the Statue of Liberty at the Rise Bar on the 14th floor. Very romantic.What I loved about this location was that it's very quiet at night. Also, being in historic downtown NYC is charming...it's the oldest part of the city and so the streets are tiny. I would say it's a bit like being in the Grand Canyon down there. It's actually quite nostalgic and we enjoyed walking up and down Wall St., past the NYSE and other historic buildings and taking it all in. The sense of history in this part of town is striking. Fraunces Tavern, where George Washington gave his farewell address to the oficers of the Continental Army is 1783, is interesting. The rooms are very nice and chic...the linens are by Sferra (Italian) and are to die for. I'm extremely picky about bedding and it passed the test -- very nice pillow top mattress and leather headboard. Also, I loved the light fixture over the bed! The in-room bar is nice too -- just open it up and pop a half bottle of Veuve Clicquot after dinner and viola...the perfect end to an evening in the city. Of course my boyfriend wanted to kill me for running up such a tab (the prices are double what it would cost you to buy an item elsewhere...$50 for that half bottle)....hee!The only thing I would point out is the lack of privacy in the bathrooms...I don't mind, but my boyfriend sure did. The bathroom has frosted glass walls and doors so you can see and hear everything.Overall, I would definitely stay here again! I didn't get the deal others on this site did ($200 Sunday night and $350 or so Monday night), but it's still a great deal. I can't wait to come back once Todd English's restaurant is complete. They do offer coffee and pastries in the morning, which really was all that we needed considering we love trying new restaurants in the city.	
Mar 30 2008 	Another Hip Holiday Inn Renovation	If you don't mind being downtown (which I don't) this hotel from the Thompson Hotel folks is pretty good. Located within 4 blocks of most of the downtown subway lines, you can easily get almost anywhere in NY. Our room was pretty big and was decorated tastefully in a fantasy backwoods lodge chic style.	
Mar 29 2008 	Loved it! But no in-room coffee	Priceline brought me to hotel when I booked a business/pleasure trip on which I brought my son for 10 days. Everything about the hotel was splendid. The staff has clearly been trained in top-notch service. The rooms are sparkling clean and beautifully decorated. The hotel is also close to the subway. If it were not a business trip, I couldn't have afforded the hotel on my own. The only legitimate critique I have of the room is that there was substantial thought into the decor and service aspect, but there were certain essential items that didn't factor into the planning. For instance, since I was there on business I had to be up and out of the room early, but there is no in-room coffee. Definitely a big minus. Also, the mini-bar is stocked in such a way that it's virtually impossible to stash your own soda, water and goodies in there. There was also virtually no drawer/closet space, so we really could never unpack our suitcases and wound up living out of them for the whole trip.Finally, when the heat kicks in and out at night, it's exceedingly loud, though I give this a &quot;pass&quot; since the same is true in many older NYC buildings. All in all a fabulous stay, but a few more tweeks would make it even better for the business traveler and considering the hotel is in the financial district, I would presume this is the primary client base.	
Mar 27 2008 	Clean modern - great option in financial district	Provided that you want to be in the financial district, this hotel is amazing. They are currently renovating the place so there is no restaurant at the moment but since you are in Manhattan, you probably want to save your dining out options for someplace more fun anyway. I spent the bulk of my sightseeing in midtown so the location wasn't ideal for me but it was easy enough to get around since the subway is just blocks away. Some streets in the financial district seemed dangerous late at night, but I think it's mainly because everything seems to shut down after work hours. On to the actual hotel: I stayed in the King room which was very large and had first rate amenities (safe, flat screen tv, hair dryer, upscale bath products). The decor was a sleek, modern, western theme and everything felt very clean. My only complaint about the place is that since it is going under renovations, only one elevator is working so by the time the elevator gets to your floor, it is jam packed. We stayed on the 6th floor and tried walking down the stairs but it led to an emergency only exit so unfortunately you just have to wait ...a long time. Something that may be of concern is that the bathroom door in our room was translucent so you could see an outline of the person in the bathroom doing their business. Overall, I loved the place and it has nothing to do with the fact that I paid only $160.	
Mar 27 2008 	Great experience...	I think I beat everyone on the price that I got for one night at this hotel--$99!!! Given it was for a Friday night (which is dead in Financial district, as the previous poster said), but it made no difference because we used the subway to commute into the city during the night anyway. I booked through Quikbook, if anyone is wondering. Echoing the other posters, the hotel was great. The bathroom is very modern and clean. The SERVICE, though was what really stood out. When the wireless cut in and out, I went to the front desk and asked for an ethernet cable, and someone came by 5 minutes later. Housekeeping service knocked on the door (taking me by surprise) and asked if there was anything else we needed, and I asked for more soap (since there was another person with me). Cable TV was very fuzzy on the flat panel LCD, which the engineer looked at when we were there, but he couldn't do anything about it. Also, when we needed to store our luggage for the day, it was no problem for them to accommodate us! As just-graduated students who don't look exactly like professional business folk, we kind of felt like fish out of water in this posh hotel. But the staff didn't treat us any differently, as far as I can tell. Kudos to Gild Hall! (p.s. It's best to find this hotel on foot with a map, it's very easy to get to from the subway station).	
Mar 25 2008 	Great hotel!	As you may have seen in other reviews... this hotel is currently under construction - but I have not noticed a bit. It seems that everything is completed with the exception of the restaurant. The rooms are 100% complete - and gorgeous.I don't know how to compare the size of the rooms to other NYC hotels, b/c I haven't stayed in any.... but they're small. Not tiny, but I kind of expected it to be small anyway.My room has a fridge (w/ minibar), safe, cordless phone, free wired and wifi internet, an iHome alarm clock with iPod dock, wall-mounted LCD tv w/ HBO and Cinemax...The bed is comfortable. The bathroom is nice - fixtures are awesome.After reading a lot of reviews prior to staying here, I was kind of concerned about only seeing renderings of the room... but that main rendering you see is of the new lobby and it's very nice - though the front desk is a bit small and only one elevator is available at the moment - off and on anyway. Sometimes both.Hopefully the pics I added will help you out...	
Mar 24 2008 	Great Hotel!!	The price could not be beat for being in the city. Even though it is in the Downtown area, close to the seaport - we did not run into any issues finding the place or getting to where we needed to. The staff is amazing!! Everyone is so hospitable and very helpful!The room was excellent, dark wood decor, flat screen tv, big comfy bed, clean bathroom. Very clean!! It was very chic to say the least. I would definitely come back again, I just hope - just like everyone else that the price do not get so high. If it does I'm just glad for the experience. Try the Gold St. Diner around the corner, they give 10% off to hotel guests. Small discount but it's something! Also the Italian restaurant around the corner from the hotel is superb!!!	
Mar 23 2008 	Very Lovely Hotel	I stayed at Gild Hall for one night and really thought the hotel was very nice. My rate was $129 via quickbook and i am certain that once the hotel is finished it will be well over $300 a night. Overall the experience was nice, my hotel room was really lovely and it had luxurious toiletries and towels. I did have trouble finding the hotel and i am certain that cabs will never be able to find it!!!It is located right near Century 21, the twin towers site, brooklyn bridge and south street seaport.The neighborhood is DEAD at night, not something i really liked because of the lack of restuaruants and activities. However, it is close to the subway lines and a good spot for travelers who are ready to see different parts of the city.Unbelievable bargain for $129, but i definately wont stay there when it is over $300, purely because of the location. I prefer to be in SOHO, Tribeca or the Meatpacking District.	
Mar 18 2008 	Great hotel - would definitely return (if I can afford to!)	Having moved away from NYC after years of being a true &quot;New Yorker,&quot; I've always found it difficult to stay in a hotel when I come back into the city, and have been able to, for the most part, avoid it by crashing at friend's places when they are out of town. Recently though, everyone was staying local when we came to visit, and I booked a room at Gild Hall for a surprisingly low price online at quikbook.com. The site had the warning caveat that the hotel was under construction (thus the low rates, no doubt) during renovation. We assumed, safely, that there would be little interfering noise on a weekend stay and booked a standard king room.New York City hotel rooms are notoriously tiny with variable amenities and equally variable staff attentiveness - imagine our surprise to enter into a quiet little world of wonderful. I almost hate to write this review and &quot;out&quot; the hotel, a supreme gem hidden waaaay downtown, but I feel like I should share our experience.The entrance is on a tiny side street, off Gold St, a 5-7 min walk from the Fulton St subway stops which serves nearly all major subways lines one could want for. While the hotel undergoes renovations, the lobby is the size of a cubby, but who needs more than that for check in? We were double upgraded, they informed us, to some sort of deluxe king room, compliments of the hotel, and whether it was a line or a true upgrade, the sentiment was kind and the room lovely - unbelievably high ceilings, even spacious by NYC standards. The bathroom was huge and came with 'fresh' brand toiletries - quite highbrow, actually, and a thoughtful addition. The room had the requisite and now ubiquitous iPod docking station and flat screen TV and an extremely comfortable bed. As we were getting ready to go out, turn down service rolled by, and while we declined, it was a nice touch for a fledgling boutique hotel.The room was quiet, dark, and blessedly free of radiator rattles, construction, or hallway noise even though we were right across from the elevator. The water in the shower was hot, the robe in the bathroom sumptuous and everything clean and orderly. Quite honestly - what more could you expect or want for??I know the hotel will grow, the Todd English tavern will move in, and I imagine it will become quite the hot spot downtown with prices to match (other Thompson group hotels are NOT cheap!) but in the meantime, its well worth booking a room (even if its further downtown than you might normally consider!) in order to have the little quiet luxuries that Gild Hall offers before everyone else finds out about them, too.	
Mar 18 2008 	Gild Hall - What a treat!!	A friend of mine sent me a link to this hotel via Quikbook as I was not finding anything uptown. I was quite hesitant about staying downtown, but convinced myself I would never know what it was like until I tried (plus the rate could not be beat).First off, the staff was extremely friendly. Although my original room was not ready (and it was past check-in time), I was quickly upgraded as there were other rooms available. The room was large and had high ceilings. The newly renovated bathroom was beautiful.As others have said, it was very close to the subway, so I was able to get to where I needed to with no problem.One thing is for sure, as this hotel is away from the normal hustle and bustle of the city, it was nice and quiet at night. I slept very well. I liked this hotel so much, that I went ahead and booked another weekend (although the price has increased a bit). I have stayed at 7 different hotels over the past few months, but Gild Hall has quickly become my new favorite.	
Mar 11 2008	Great hotel - wonder if it will stay like that	I stayed here just before Christmas when my usual Midtown hotels were busy and/or prohibitively expensive.The pricing was in line with the fact that the public areas are worse than non-existent - positively tatty. But.... the bell hop and desk staff were fantastic - greeted me by name during the whole stay. My room was great, spacious and smart.In line with many reviewers I had been concerned about location - I needn't have been. Plenty of dining options close by - I recommend the various diners for breakfast and the Brasserie Les Halles was great for dinner. The subway was close by and the Seaport area close also.However, I do wonder what will happen to the prices once the renovations are complete.	
Mar 5 2008 	Great place to stay in NYC	I booked this hotel through Quickbook. It was currently under construction when we booked so we got the hotel for a great price. Good Stuff: The rooms were huge for a NYC room with a great king size bed, FRESH brand toiletries, and a roomy bathroom. The room was very clean and they provide a wonderful flat screen TV across from the bed (See provided picture)Bad Stuff: The only thing negative I can say was that the air conditioner for the room was really noisy and we had to turn it off.. no big deal. So to sum it up, I'd easily stay here again.. actually... I think I'd like to live there (If I had to live in NYC). I really loved it that much.	
Feb 18 2008 	The Gild is a gem		
Jan 31 2008	Lovely Room Great Location Great Staff - but...		
Jan 27 2008 	Loved Everything		
Jan 21 2008	Nice Hotel Great Staff		
Jan 16 2008 	Good value safe clean and fun locale!		
Jan 14 2008 	Very Nice Stay		
Jan 12 2008	Beautiful room!!!!		
Jan 11 2008 	Great stay despite reconstruction		
Dec 25 2007 	A 2-star hotel with 4-star rooms		
Dec 22 2007 	Wow this can only get better!		
Mar 23 2009 	Calme et élégant		
Feb 24 2009 	Très bonne surprise pour New York! A découvrir absolument!		
Jan 3 2009 	Unbedingt zu empfehlen!		
Apr 28 2008 	Recommendé		
