Nov 18 2009	Mary's Going Off to College Bash	Neal Buker etc. We didn't have much of a view but that is a really good way to save money in an expensive hotel in the city. Don't stay on the park side! It was a two bedroom suite ans in1990 it was only like 250.00 per night in a 4 star hotel.	
Nov 5 2009 	The standard you would expect but the price.....	It is a very nice hotel....as you would expect from a St Regis. Every amentiy, a butler for your every whim, etc. but it really becomes a question of value. If you are someone who enjoys spending money then stay here--the location is great and the service is terrific....while we enjoyed everything about the hotel I just wonder if we wouldn't have had as good an experience for half the price somewhere else.....	
Oct 26 2009 	Honestly? For a St Regis it was very disappointing	I stayed in St Regis halfway through my trip in NYC. My mum &amp; her husband were on an official trip to NYC and since there was an extra room in the Presidential Suite they asked my sis &amp; me to join them.I must say up front that decor-wise, this isn't my style of hotel. I prefer contemporary, tropical, industrial, quirky designs over the gilt gold old classical decor any time, but decor-wise aside, I must admit I was very disappointed with the overall service at the St Regis. Yes, the rooms were large and comfortable, and the beds heavenly. We had a view of Central Park from the living room and that was very cool. The bathroom was also very large but the shower area was quite small and cramped and poorly ventilated, trapping a lot of stifling steam during a hot shower. I didn't spend much time in the living area but the flat screen tv camouflaging as a mirrored frame was a pretty cool idea. I also liked the toiletries in the bathroom and people-watching in the lobby.But aside from the first Butler (Josef) who was very helpful, the rest of them didn't seem to like their jobs very much. One middle-aged lady butler didn't seem to know how to clear up the dining table properly and breakfast we pre-ordered the night before showed up half an hour late (it was also pretty mediocre). My mum woke up the first morning to find coffee and cookies on a tray and she thought they were wonderfully efficient, until she noticed that the cups were all dirty, the pot was empty and it was actually YESTERDAY afternoon's coffee. When she called the Butler all they said was &quot;Oh, you should have called housekeeping&quot; without even apologizing. Considering they make up the room everyday and there should have been a turn down service in the evenings, shouldn't they notice these things? Plus, shouldn't the Butlers come in to check once in awhile instead of waiting to be called? Frankly after the second day, we didn't see a single butler and a broken glass that was there on the FIRST DAY we checked in was still there on the day we checked out! And they didn't replace used dirty glasses with clean ones. If we didn't wash them on our own, we wouldn't have clean glasses at all. Honestly, for the money one pays to stay at the Presidential Suite at the St Regis (or in ANY room at the St Regis for that matter), this shouldn't be the case at all. I was also shocked to find that housekeeping attempted to poorly hide the bedcovers behind the curtains! I really don't know why they didn't just fold it neatly and place it in the almost empty armoir instead. They also seemed to want to get their jobs done in a hurry and kept hovering outside the room and appearing every fifteen minutes even though the do not disturb sign was on and we kept telling them that there was a meeting taking place and to come back later. Other than that, the tv in the bedroom was actually quite small, and wouldn't come out properly from the armoir. You also couldn't turn the aircond or heating on permanently, it was either on AUTO or OFF, and left the room feeling very very warm during the night while we were sleeping. And on the last night, housekeeping didn't even put the drinking water out at all. I was also a bit annoyed with the much too large bathroom rug that was too thick to allow the bathroom door to open without bunching it up. The lift was also kind of small and very rattle. Probably time for an upgrade or serious maintenance. Oh, and if paying that much money for a room wasn't enough, they charge you for internet too! I've paid $165 for a room in NYC before and got free internet even then! Also, there were issues with the key swipe every single night. Even when we went down to get it reset, it still didn't work! We were so exhausted to go down again that thankfully the adjoining room was open and we went into the suite from there.Now if I were paying $100 a night and had to deal with these issues, I would understand, heck, we wouldn't even have a butler in the first place. But I have stayed in cheaper hotels with better service! And like I said earlier, for a St Regis, these issues should not happen at all. And I have been lucky enough to accompany my mum on some trips and even in China the butler always comes in to check to make sure everything is alright and the room gets a full cleaning the minute everyone leaves and is in tip top condition when we get back.That is not to say that everyone in the hotel was a horror though. Some of the concierge were very helpful and one guy even pulled up an extra chair in a lobby for me after he saw me standing for an hour waiting for the rest of the entourage to arrive. Some of the guys out front were also pretty good conducting the arrival of guests, traffic and bags.Other than that, I do think the hotel needs a bit of an upgrade. It could wait a few years or so, but &quot;old&quot; as opposed to &quot;classical&quot; is the first thing that pops into you mind when you step inside.And the fact that the recent reviews I've read here praises the hotel's services makes me doubly disappointed that we did not receive the same service.	
Oct 19 2009 	Outstanding	We visit NYC twice a year and always stay at the St Regis. It is incredible. The service is unparallelled; the rooms are large; the bathrooms luxurious....I could go on. Even the workout room is great, albeit small. My only complaint is the bar is overpriced but that's the going rate in the area. Have champagne delivered by the concierge and enjoy it in your fabulous room!	
Oct 15 2009 	I've got a butler!!??!!	We stayed at the St. Regis for 3 nights with our young daughter. I mistakenly booked the htoel for the wrong three days. (I arrived one day early). The professional staff quickly accomodated us with the same rate. We were happily surprised to be greeted at our room by the butler! The room was formal and beautiful. The beds were extraordinarily comfy and my wife said it was like &quot;sleeping in a cloud.&quot; The bath products that were provided were spa quality. My wife used the spa and said it was one of the best spa experiences she had ever had. Room service was quick and delicious. The hotel is centrally located - and right across the street from the Disney store - which was the thrill of my daughter's trip. It wasn't cheap, but well worth the expense.	
Oct 8 2009 	Elegant Luxury	We were given an overnight stay at the St. Regis as an anniversary present and were treated to elegant luxury. The accommodations were plush, clean and first class.The location to the theater district was convenient as well as many choices of restaurants.For an overnight in the City, do not hesitate to enjoy the St. Regis.	
Oct 8 2009 	Fabulous Accomodations excellent service	I was on a trip looking for sites to hold business meetings in New York City. Everyone at the St. Regis, from the front desk to security to the housekeeping and butlers were friendly, helpful and went out of their way to provide anything I requested. The rooms were spacious (for New York) and quiet and the sheets on the bed were Pratesi. What more could someone ask for? Oh yes, they also provided butler service.	
Sep 17 2009 	Best hotel in New York	I've stayed at the St. Regis on several occasions and had a wonderful experience each time. The guest rooms are spacious, quiet, well decorated and functional, with comfortable beds and big marble bathrooms. Public areas are elegant. The staff is cheerful and professional. Room service is prompt and the food is tasty. Ideal location. Overall, a lovely hotel.	
Sep 3 2009 	CLASSIC NEW YORK !!! FIRST CLASS ALL THE WAY	Another one of my favorites. Beautiful hotel and first class service all the way. Great place to have a business meeting as well. The suite are large and classically decorated. I have stayed here many times and have never been disappointed. You cant beat the location. Between 5th Avenue and Madison. The best shopping in the US. Close to central park. I threw a wonderful event there and the staff couldn't be more helpful.	
Aug 25 2009 	Great service and grand deco	We booked the St Regis because a colleague has been raving about it, so we had high expectations before the trip. The location and the hotel itself is grand and luxurious, the check-in staff very polite and helpful, even though I am surprised by the small size of the lobby, and the almost non-existence of the doorman (when we checked out, I overhead one customer complained that he's been waiting for 20 mins for someone to take out his luggage from his limo, we didn't have such problem as we took the luggage into the hotel ourselves!). Although this is a minor problem, IMO.The room itself is of good size (esp for New York) and nicely decorated, but if you're into more chic and modern deco, this is not it, it's all old school glamour. The bathroom is the best part of the room - very luxurious and spacious, marble everywhere. The bed is comfy. The much talked about Butler service is OK, he/she (not fixed) would bring tea/coffee for you, iron your clothes and shine your shoes etc. However, I find all these &quot;personal contact&quot; a bit tiring and to be honest - just another excuse for tipping... It's definitely a great hotel, but I am not sure if all these warrant the kind of price they are charging. If you are paying $700-1000 a night, there are other better options, I believe.	
Aug 7 2009 	Fantastic Service but a bit tired.	The St. Regis is quite pretty, if you are my grandmother.. while the maxfield parish paintings are cool, but the whole place just made me feel old and tired - in terms of vibe/look/feel. However the SERVICE was phenomenal - the staff lovely, kind and courteous. The personal butler was great, and Sophie in the spa gives some of the best massages I've ever had in NY.	
Aug 7 2009 	Could have been better...	I just got back from a quick trip to NY with my mother and a friend to celebrate her 60th b-day. We decided to use some points and stay at the St. Regis after we found that all the other starwood hotels were booked for the three nights (4-5-6-7) From all the great reviews about the St. Regis, I was excited! Here's the lowdown:The Good: 1) Location (if you want to do mega shopping aka. chanel, LV and if you want to see big touristy places like the empire and rockafeller)-which we did none of bc this is my millionth trip to ny.2) The butlers. These people were SO very nice and attentive. They would bend over backward if you asked, and they all had amazingly funny, friendly personalities-yet never intruded, or pressed for money. We had Hong, Albert, Adelberto and two other men. 3) The beds! We stayed in the largest of the Grand Luxe rooms and the beds were great. Super plush and clean....somewhat small thought for a double in American standards(could only fit one person).4) The bathrooms. If I could have brought this home, I would have! Pretty large for Manhattan standards, marble everything, Lcd and phone and a &quot;rainforest&quot; like shower with amazing water pressure. The bath products from their spa work incredibly well, too!5) We did not hear one thing our entire stay. No other guests, just the ringing of our doorbell as the butler came to bring things. Very peaceful and calming.The Bad1) We had to change rooms because there was not enough space for three adult people. We reserved a grand luxe (all they had) with two double beds. We asked for an upgrade but they said they were all sold out. When we got into the room, the beds were much smaller than standard US sized doubles, and only could comfortably fit one adult. They did offer a roll away free of charge each night for the confusion.2) Awful reception (both internet and cell phone). My mother has verizon and our friend has At&amp;t. Verizon got NO service, and at&amp;t got light service. So annoying.3) Service in general in the lobby as a bit poorer than expected for that class of hotel. Doormen were only stationed at one entrance, bell men were spotty and sometimes not available and we took our own bags from our room to the lobby when leaving.The feel of the hotel was a bit snobby. Many guests were dripping with designer products, in and out of luxury cars and no one EVER smiled or said hello! I didn't get it. There was virtually no lobby (probably to deter people from the streets to come in to use the bathroom). The whole hotel had a heavy european influence with a lot of gold and and chandeliers. Not my personal taste, but for some I bet this was luxurious.One amazing thing the St Regis did do, was order a cake for our friend to be brought to our room after dinner. I gave our butler little notice, maybe 4 hours, and when he brought it up, he said that the hotel had to send away for it because they had no cakes on hand to my specification. So nice! Obv. it cost an arm and leg, but well worth it.Overall, I would not choose to stay here again. I prefer the lower east side, greenwich Village and battery park to midtown bc midtown is so very touristy, but it was definitly NOT awful. One word of advice, don't order food from the hotel room service! A child size hamburger without any sides at all or drink cost $30 oops!Happy travels!	
Jul 25 2009 	Now I'm Spoiled	I had the pleasure of experiencing the high level of service and attention to detail during my stay at the St Regis. I was lucky to stay on the concierge level which included a butler. WOW!! We were initially greeted by our butler, then escorted to our room which had a fresh fruit and water waiting for us. Perfect after being out in the city all day. The bathroom was beautiful and the television in the bathroom was a nice touch. We took advantage of the courtesy car to take us to our dinner destination, Whym. We had breakfast downstairs and again service and food was top notch. What a great experience.	
Jul 14 2009 	Makes you feel very special!	I had some spare SPG points to use and wanted to spend a few days in NYC. My head said stay at the cool and funky 'W', but for some reason I was attracted to the potentially stuffy St Regis. Well, that was one good decision...The entrance is unassuming. Inside you are immediately at peace, protected from the noisy and rush of the city. The hall staff are helpful and engaging (even to an SPG guest!) The check-in staff escorted me in the lift to my floor. There I was greeted by my concierge who offered to unpack and press my clothes. I declined, so instead he trotted off and brought me a superb tray of tea and biscuits. I felt like a proper Englishman in New York!The room was traditionally decorated to a very high standard - the bed was extremely comfortable and had luxurious fabrics. The bathroom was a treat - at first sight, it looked rather 20's retro, but the function was truly contemporary, with a fabulously powerful shower cubicle. The bath products were my personal favourite, Acqua di Parma - always a good choice to suit both men and women.The good service continued for the length of my stay and I was really quite sad to leave to return to the UK. Definitely on my 'must return' list and would be my top pick next time I go back to NTC.	
Jul 3 2009 	The best in New York	Whenever I have stayed here, I leave convinced it's the best hotel in New York, the service is amazing, the turn of the century details excellent, the furnighings are great and the maid and butler service are outstanding. I	
May 24 2009 	Great old hotel perfect for vacation or business !	But I was in NY last week and stayed at the St. Regis Hotel off 5th Ave and I have to give it up the St. Regis!!! It's no new, but it's still amazing and ultra-fab. And they are now offering prix fix lunch and dinner. Both are amazing deals for NYC. I had Risotto, Lobster Salad + dessert for $45.00 for lunch. The prix fix dinner is now $60.00. And I had my own private butler who bought me coffee in the am and pressed by Business Dress for me for my morning meeting.You might want to take a new look at this old hotel. It's still the grand lady of NYC luxury. The St. Regis is the NIRVANA of NY TRAVEL!!	
May 22 2009 	Best hotel in NYC	Without any doubts this is the best hotel in New York City. The service is outstanding, from the porters to the personal butler that will accomodate to every request. The rooms are luxurious, the location fantastic. Highly recommended.	
May 20 2009 	Favorite Hotel in NYC	We visit New York frequently, at least twice a year and every time we chose the St. Regis Hotel for our luxury long weekend. With a location that cannot be beat (except of course for the Peninsula right across the street), the St. Regis offers a location at 55th Street East and 5th Avenue. From the moment you enter the lobby, it is like being transformed into a whole new world of old world charm and luxury. The rooms or suites (we have had both) are extremely spacious and have recently been re-done. The butler service is naturally St Regis and are extremely helpful in securing theatre tickets or restaurant reservations. The restaurants in the St Regis are wonderful already though, Alain Ducasse is a wonderful experience for a nice dinner and the Astor Court for afternoon tea or breakfast is the best place in the city. There are several nice restaurants within walking distance of the hotel also. The Remede Spa is fantastic, the treatments are customized for you (by your therapist) and a 60 minute massage is heaven. We will always continue to return to this fine establishment.	
May 12 2009 	Ultimate Luxury	We stayed at The St. Regis New York from the 2nd May for 3 nights. It was our first time visit to the Hotel and New York. There was no draw back staying here. The fact is that it completely spoils you from staying anywhere else. It has a perfect position at 5th Avenue 55th Street which allows you to be out of the hussel and bussel , but within walking distance to central park and shopping centre. The hotel itself is beautiful, very classy and luxurious. The bedrooms are sumptuious with almost every amenity. No tea or coffee making facilities in the room but you get free coffee and tea from your butler at arrival and with wake up calls. From the crisp white bedlinen, to the gorgeous marble bathrooms,it is literally a dream to stay here. On this, our first visit, there was a complimentry canapes in our room in the evening. the St. Regis certainly go out of their way to make you feel special . My butler helpful enough to prepare my bath, so after a long soak in the deepest bath ever I recovered from my long flight.I defy anyone not to like The St. Regis New York, its one of the most famous , luxurious hotels in the world, whats not to like...........!	
Apr 30 2009 	My own butler need I say more...	This is the second time I have stayed at the St. Regis Hotel in Ny. The personal service is always the best. I was staying at the Cooper Square Hotel in Noho for a few days prior to the St. Regis due to my friends party. I wanted to try out Peter Luger's but the concierge there couldn't get me in. So I figured try the St. Regis and they did manage to get me a reservation even though I was staying at another hotel. They also recommended a resturant called Blue Hill and made us a reservation which I noted was most likely very coveted. The place was packed with people waiting. The food was to die for!! Standing ovation to the concierge at the St. Regis!! They even charged up my cell phone for me at 5am when I needed it. My butler Marcus at the St. Regis was sooo nice. It's the little things to me that make for a memorable trip.	
Mar 23 2009 	Elegant Hotel	The St. Regis has a wonderful location. The room was decorated by a good decorator as it was understated and soothing. Great bed. The service is very much at your command and there is more than ample staff. The resturant was good and we had tea one day and lunch another. The famous King Cole Bar we sat in one night and a drink was $45. This is not an inexpensive hotel. They do have a car that will take you places within 10 blocks.	
Mar 22 2009 	Sets the Standard	I've stayed in six St. Regis hotels....US and Asia...and the New York original definitely sets the standard. You've read the other reviews...outstanding service, rooms, location, etc. What always surprises me is the easy friendliness of the staff. I always expect a New York City arrogant condescension. (Perhaps I anticipate a visit to Rosings and treatment from Lady Catherine de Burgh.) Just the opposite. The staff makes the hotel feel like home...relaxing instead of stiff. Just wish I could afford to stay there more often. Quite an amazing place. (Now, if some of the other St. Regis hotels would just start living up to this standard!)Oh, yes. Don't miss ordering a room service breakfast. That's how it should be done!	
Mar 6 2009 	Absolutely Perfect. Why stay anywhere else in New York?	Stayed 4 nights beginning of March during the snow storm and could not possibly be any happier. Service was ridiculously good, starting with the doormen in top hats and tails, all the way through to our butler. I love the small yet gorgeous lobby as its size pretty much discourages other tourists from walking around and hanging out in it as they tend to do at the Plaza or Waldorf. Somehow, the doormen knew my name when I pulled up at the hotel the first time, must have been the last guest to check-in I guess. Check-in itself is very quick and when I gave the girl my Starwood number, she instantly offered me an upgrade to a suite, even though I probably have 4 Starwood stays over the last 2 years. That was nice. Was taken to the room by the same girl who was explaining the layout on the ride up to the 18th floor. We were met there by the butler who offered to press 2 garments from each of us gratis and complimentary shoe-shine and coffe/tea.First class place.The bathroom products are from the Remede spa downstairs and are probably as good as you can get in a hotel bathroom. I'll admit, I kept one of everything each day. The bed was insanely comfortable with real down comforters and pillows. All you have to do is ask if you want some nice memory foam pillows as well. Turndown service includes a fresh bucket of ice, 2 robes, 2 sets of surprisingly comfortable slippers, fresh fruit, curtains pulled, lights dimmed, and nice classical music set.You must take advantage of the complimentary tea service in the mornings. Bone china served on a silver tray, delivered with 3 newspapers. I LOVED the honey flavored swizzle sticks they send along instead of sugar. Seriously nice touch.We were treated as if we were hedge fund execs who stay there all the time, even though I secured the room when lastminutetravel.com had their $1 hotel room sale. I was expecting indifferent service from them to be honest, seeing as I paid $4 total, but they all couldn't have been nicer.Location is A+ perfect. Tiffany, central park, Bergdorff, St. Patrick's, subway, all within 2 or 3 blocks. Great place on the SW corner of the block with freshly made bagels and a stunning fruit/salad bar. Getting a taste for this place has ruined me. I won't stay anywhere else in NY again.	
Feb 4 2009 	Fabulous	We stayed in the St Regis for 2 nights during a weekend. The reception in the hotel was as expected from a hotel of this class; the doorman asked our name upon arrival and we were greeted by our name whenever we left or came in. The check-in was pleasant, we received an upgrade to a suite and, surprisingly, we were brought to our room by the person who checked us in. Shortly thereafter the butler arrived to explain the mechanics in the room and she immedialty checked whether we needed dinner reservations (which she obtained at Adour, in the hotel for that evening). Throughout our stay the service was excellent. The room was classicaly decorated, very comfortable and spacious. Coffee and tea service was complimentary and apeeared shortly after calling the butler.We didn't have breakfast in the hotel but had dinner in Adour (Alain Ducasse) which was excellent, both service and food, but what else do you expect when the chef has several Michelin star restaurants.On our second day we asked the doorman for a taxi to the restaurant we had a reservation for, but instead of hailing a cab he called the St Regis Bentley for us; a very pleasant surprise.The hotel is very conveniently located between 5th Avenue (corner) and Madison Avenua and 3 blocks from Central Park.We have stayed in several other hotels in NYC, and althougfh there are many other cheaper and great alterantives, this was by far our best experience and highly recommended for a special event.	
Jan 30 2009 	Beautiful Hotel	This is a beautiful Hotel. This is the most like a European style luxury hotel in the US..and we have been to a few. The houskeeping service was seamless and attentive to every detail. Everything about our room and bath was luxury.We have and will go back. Our only complaint is a big one. The food and service in the Astor Court dining room for breakfast was sub standard. The omelettes were tasteless. The coffee was weak. And for such pedestrian fare the prices were extraordinarily high ($133). When we entered the dining room at 10AM, almost all the tables had dirty dishes on them. We were not alone in our dissatisfaction. The table next to us waited for 30 minutes for a bowl of oatmeal.	
Jan 26 2009 	Classic though a little old	Service is king here though I prefer a more casual style. Great location. Butlers really look after you which sometimes I need in New York.	
Nov 24 2008 	Never had better service	I've stayed at the St. Regis San Francisco and never thought I would experience better service but the St. Regis NYC has certainly done just that. I arrived on a redeye from Los Angeles and showed up at the hotel at 6:45am. They took my cell phone number and said they would try to ready a room for me within the next several hours. The hotel called me before 10am and said they had a room ready for me. They upgraded me to a deluxe room #1411 (not sure if being a SPG gold member had anything to do with it). I was staying only for 1 night and I booked the room using SPG points. The room was very spacious for a Manhattan hotel. The butler service was amazing -- brought me unlimited bottles of water and of took my shoes for a shining and brought them back within an hour. Even thought my room faced 55th street, it was unbelieveably quiet for a Manhattan hotel. I had a wonderful stay. The location on 5th avenue is perfect. The hotel also gave me a 4pm late checkout the next day. Everyone from the bell desk to the folks working at the front desk are incredibly nice and bend over backwards to ensure your stay is perfect. If you can afford it, I feel that there is not other place to stay in Manhattan.	
Nov 22 2008 	Excellent but old-fashioned	Looking at its website before arriving, I was worried about not liking the St Regis. In general, I do not like classical-style hotels in the US, but the excellent service and very comfortable rooms won me over. The St Regis is an exceptionally well-run hotel with fantastic staff in a perfect New York location. For this style of hotel in NY, I still prefer the Peninsula but it is a very close race.Right from the moment I arrived, everyone was unfailingly friendly and polite: nothing was too much trouble, and every single person who met me greeted me with a cheerful smile. The butler service was much more practical and useful than other hotels I have stayed at: the butler was very friendly and seemed to take a great personal pride in sorting out whatever you requested. Room service breakfast was excellent, and good value compared to other NY five star places.The rooms themselves do the very best they can around the old bones of the hotel. They are decorated in a clean, classical style--my Astor Suite was in a muted yellow with silk wall panels, while my colleague's Grand Luxe room was in a light duck egg blue. Both were good sizes and well laid out, with classical marble bathrooms that are a good size and well-equipped. The Astor Suite suffered from the very small windows you get on the top floors of the building, but in return for that the views were good. For me, given the hotel's short height and location, none of the views are spectacular: just nice views up and down the grand streets. The Grand Luxe room was much brighter, but you only really saw the fronts of other buildings from the windows.All the facilities worked excellently, as expected at this level. Good high-speed internet and excellent climate control in both rooms. Given this and the fact that all services are 24h, it makes a great hotel for business travellers as well as a luxurious place for a holiday. Value-wise it's very expensive but on a par with the other five star places in NY.I only stayed for one night but I definitely want to go back and try the place again.	
Nov 16 2008 	Another Wonderful Stay...	We enjoyed a 3 night stay at the St Regis Hotel earlier this month. This is our annual fall trip to NYC. Once again the hotel staff were wonderful and every single request was handled promptly and with no issues...I stayed with my wife and 2 little boys in a 1 bedroom suite that was just lovely, roomy, and luxurious. This time around we found the butler helpful and will to address our every need. The restaurant, though a bit on the expensive side, was excellent. The food was wonderful and the service was excellent. Is the St Regis expensive?.....YES!!..even by NYC standards...is it worth it?...absolutely!Unless we get priced out...we will always return to the St Regis every fall.	
Nov 10 2008 	Such a great weekend...	We stayed at the St Regis this weekend on our starwood points. It was WONDERFUL. We requested either ajoining rooms or side by side rooms, since we were traveling with our three children. We were more than please to find rooms ajoined in a suite. The rooms were beautiful, butler service was excellent, and beds are soooo cozy. King Cole bar downstairs was also a lot of fun. Hotel is in a perfect location. We travel to NYC often and usually stay at the Four Seasons, but I think we will only stay at the St Regis now!!!	
Nov 2 2008 	Amazing Rooms Amazing Butlers	The St. Regis is a six-star experience on Fifth Avenue. The rooms are truly luxurious, with virtually every possible amenity. The butler service is truly out of this world. You almost need to be thinking of the help you need before you arrive. The St. Regis is, in short, the polar opposite of the Marriott-mass-hotel experience in the United States. This is old world charm combined with outstanding service.This is Northern efficiency with Southern charm. You won't believe that you are in New York City, until you hit the sidewalk. The hotel's location is terrific. You are nearby to Central Park, the Apple Store, Bergdorf's, etc. I don't have many six star hotels. This is one of them.	
Oct 24 2008	EleganceStyle Comfort and more	We spent two nights here in July.Having phoned prior,the concierge had confirmation of restaurant bookings waiting in our room.We had a butler and she was amazing.I needed my suit pressed in a hurry after a long day travelling and she had it back to me in 30 minutes!The rooms are Grand in a European (think Paris) style and just so neat.The room daily service was great as was turn down with plenty of water left out and fresh fruit.I highly recommend their special recipe french toast for breakfast , it's unusual and very very tasty!	
Oct 20 2008 	Beautiful Hotel	This hotel is a standout, from the luxurious common areas, to the beautifully decorated French neoclassical rooms. We stayed in a Grand Luxe room which included a couch and living area and a plasma t.v. that would pop up from the foot of the bed by remote control. It swiveled around so that we could watch t.v. either from the living area or the bed. The bathroom had a separate soaking tub and a shower, as well as a dual vanity. The butler would bring in fresh fruit every day and upon request delivered complimentary coffee and tea in the morning hours. Each floor has it's own butler, so there is never much of a wait. The hotel is in an excellent location, right near Park and Fifth Ave.. Designer shopping is around the corner and Central Park is within walking distance. It was exciting to see the thriving city of New York from one of the best parts of downtown Manhattan. The rooms were always very clean and the staff would leave them a bit perfumed after servicing them each day. The service in this hotel was excellent and unobtrusive. Each request was granted quickly and efficiently.I wanted to give this hotel the five stars it should deserve but gave it four for the following reasons. First of all, the room had no light. It was always dark, even during the day. The only rooms with light were on the top floor. Second, except for the new restaurant by Alan Ducaisse, the food was only average and that includes in room dining and at their restaurant near the lobby. Third, the spa, while having good actual massage treatments, had no real waiting area. In the hallway that leads to the treatment rooms, two chairs are set up for people waiting for their massages. You can't make any noise because the people receiving their massages are in doors right behind you. Two other people came for their massage while we were there and there was no room for them to wait anywhere. The last problem had to do with the noise, which really wasn't the fault of the St. Regis. Every night we were there, a heavy garbage truck screeched through the streets of Manhattan to pick up some type of garbage. On Monday night, it was regular garbage, on Tuesday, it was recyclables, Wednesday it was organic materials. They would operate between 12:00 midnight and 2:15 a.m., which made it very difficult to sleep. I think this is just part of being in Manhattan.Other than these problems, this hotel is exceptional, especially in beauty and service. I would not let any of the problems I mentioned stop me from staying here again. -Except that I might try to get a room on a higher floor!	
Oct 4 2008	Loved the St. Regis	Great stay! Impeccable service. Our room was very spacious although it did not have a view. However, we enjoyed the peace and quiet. The bathroom was beautiful with separate shower / toilet / tub areas. Worth every penny (and not a bad deal with the 50% off from Starpoints). The butler on each floor is a nice touch and we enjoyed the truly fresh fruit. Would stay there again. Good location, would recommend.	
Sep 13 2008 	What a treat!	We stayed at this hotel for five nights using Starwood Points and used it as our base to attend the U.S. Open tennis matches. Service was superb and the room, complete with a large, swiveling, LCD TV concealed in a pop-up box at the end of the bed, was exquisite. Since we arrived just after lunch, our room was not quite ready. One of the managers walked us into the bar and offered us complimentary drinks while we waited. They came for us about 20 minutes later and escorted us to our room and to meet our floor's butler. She was delightful, offered to unpack our suitcases for us (really, now?!), offered to press any items of clothes for us, and explained how we could page her in the mornings for coffee. Complimentary coffee is brought in the mornings on a silver tray, with china cups, served very hot in a French press. (At night, however, the same request results in a room service charge.) It sure beats making coffee in a dinky pot in the bathroom! Of all of the hotels we've stayed at in the United States and Europe, this ranks among the best.	
Sep 9 2008 	Disappointing	I recently stayed at the St Regis and for a hotel of it's status wasn't overly impressed.The good points -The room was spacious and had a nice bathroom with double sinks and a walk-in shower.The bad points -The floor smelt of stale smoke - and this was supposedly a non smoking floor.The breakfast was disgusting, with service that veered from disinterested to rude.I asked for eggs well done - they came barely cooked. I sent it back, and it came back - slightly better but still soft.Perhaps its an American thing, but ordering a full cooked breakfast, and you have to choose sausage OR bacon? Room service - an experience! When ordering items from the menu, we asked for items, lets call them A, B and C.They confirmed the order verbally as items A, C, F, We said no, we want A, B and C. They said B, C and D? Again we repeated the order. The read it back. And delivered the wrong things. By this time we were resigned to the St. Regis doing what it wanted, not what the guest wanted. The food arrived and was intensely salty. Staff kept calling the second guest my name, and were completely unable to grasp that we were two different people with two different surnames. For a hotel that charges on average $1000 per night, this is completely awful, and I simply would urge people to carefully consider what they need from a hotel.No one in the hotel, with the exception of one or two people actually LISTEN to what you are asking, and this seems to be a trait peculiar to New York. Despite its grandeur, and the obvious efforts of some of the staff to go a bit further, this hotel is by no means as good as it thinks it is.	
Sep 6 2008	hotel with attention to detail	i stayed in this hotel 2 nights for business because i had to be close to 5th avenue. wonderful stay. the room was great. the decoration very relaxing. comfortable high bed. the butlers were excellent and very nice. michael i think his name is very friendly. the attention for detail is wonderful. the only less nice thing is the doormans had problems with caring with cars and taxis. but in general, my stay was wonderful. there restaurant adour was amazing. i ate at alain ducasse restaurant louis XV in monaco and wanted to try his in new york. beautiful. delicious. i got the service i payed for. please keep the good job going.	
Sep 6 2008 	adooooored our stay	Stayed 3 nights with 2 kids 5 and 8. We felt so welcome by the warm staff (butler, concierge, groom, waiter...) we cannot wait to return. We used to stay at the Four Seasons but fell so anonymous last time we wanted a change. Well, we were right : Everybody greeted us in a very personal way and all seemed to remember our names and our children's. Had a great suite with 2 bathrooms and great views. Well, everything was so perfect, we are dreaming to come back from Paris ! The St Regis definitly lives up to its reputation...	
Aug 31 2008	Just OK	Just returned from a weekend at the St. Regis in NYC. I was not overly impressed by the hotel. The first night we checked in we were given a room on a lower floor - with absolutely no view (except for an exterior wall). We were moved the second night, but our room was only half the size. The butler service was a nice touch, except when we tried to utilize the service, the butler did not respond until 20 minutes later. We did enjoy the bed and linens - they were nice. I was disappointed that some of the other aspects of the hotel were not up to par...such as the very low water pressure, broken hairdryer, smoking-smell on the non-smoking floors...In summary, this was still a nice hotel in a good location (close to 5th Avenue shopping &amp; Central Park)...but for the price, I would definitely stay somewhere else next time.	
Aug 25 2008	Fantasic!	Went with friends to look at universities and shopping! Also saw Mary Poppins which was unbelievable! The location is great at 55 and 5 ave. The suite with connecting room was huge and new! The service was the best in new york for dining, theatre, and transportation. The Astor Court serves a fabulous afternoon tea, best in NY and the Alain Ducasse restaurant is perfect for the fine dinner!	
Aug 1 2008	5 Star all the way	We go to NYC frequently and rotate between the Ritz by the Park and the St. Regis. Both are thumbs up from me. The St Regis is more pricey but classical elegance at it's finest. The Astor Court serves a great tea, the Bar is cool and the Alain Ducasse restaurant is great fine dining. The location is great between Madison and Fifth Avenue. You can walk to Barneys, Saks, Bergdorfs and Rockefeller Centre!!! The rooms are spacious and the best staff in NYC!	
Jun 27 2008 	A Palace in NYC	I can't say enough good things about this hotel. I recently booked it for 1 special night, as I was proposing to my girlfriend. I live in NY and had considered the other great hotels (The Ritz, The Mandarin), but I couldn't have been more pleased that I chose this hotel for our special stay. I booked a Grand Luxe room, but when I told the front desk host my plans, she immediately upgraded us to an enormous Madison Suite on the 18th floor. We were amazed by the beauty and sheer size of the room, with an enormous living room, fireplace, and 2 full-size marble bathrooms. They even arranged rose petals in the room for us. I did have a couple of service requests throughout our stay, and after I paged our butler through the in-room control center, my requests were quickly met. The next morning we decided to order breakfast, even though it was incredibly pricey. When we checked out with the same front desk host who checked us in the day before, she ended up comping the pricey breakfast, for no other reason than to congratulate us! I can't say enough nice things about this hotel and the service staff, and I know that my fiance and I will return here for many special occasions in the future.	
Jun 20 2008 	Exceeded all expectations	Booked two nights at the St. Regis for my wife's birthday midweek using Starwood points. Arrived to find I was upgraded to a Madison Suite with two full baths and 875 square feet total including views of 5th and 55th streets. Received complimentary Champagne and sweets. Also got requested 3P.M. late checkout. If you can find fault with this hotel you need to get a life!	
Jun 15 2008 	Absolute Luxury	It was our 10th wedding Anniversary and I wanted to do something special for my beautiful wife so I booked a room at the St. Regis for one night on the Friday of Memorial Day weekend. I booked the Astor Suite for our stay. I also booked a custom massage for my wife and myself. The Concierge was able to get us a dinner reservation at Daniel and everything was in place for a wonderful trip. We drove in from Connecticut and arrived at the St. Regis at 12:15 p.m.. We took advantage of the valet parking and our bags were taken care of smartly by the very professional doormen working the sidewalk. We we're greeted very warmly and we followed the porter inside to the magnificent lobby. We proceeded to guest registration to check-in. I was greeted warmly by the woman checking us in and she told us because of our early arrival, our room was still occupied. However, she said she had a very nice room for us, a very, very, nice room. She handed me the key cards to our room and we were shown around the hotel by a very charming young woman. We were then taken to the elevator and we proceeded to the 18th floor. We got off the elevator went through the french doors, turned left and proceeded to the end of the hall and there was our room. Room 1803 is also known as the Imperial Suite and we were led inside by our butler. The Imperial Suite was gorgeous. You walk into a marble floored foyer with fresh flowers in a vase on the table. We turned left and proceeded to a beautiful bedroom with french antiques and crystal chandalier over the bed. The marble master bathroom was exquisite and spacious. On the other side of the foyer was the living room with two large circular windows. The oval window looked out to the west on 5th Avenue and the Peninsula Hotel across the Avenue. The other round window faced north with a breathtaking view up 5th Avenue with the trees of Central Park verdant in the distance. Next to the living room was an elegant dining room with a six foot round mahogany table surrounded by six elegant chairs. Off the dining room was a full kitchen with granite countertops. Beyond the dining room was a rich paneled study in the most handsome, masculine wood with a beautiful wood desk and chair. The Imperial Suite also had a total of two and one half baths, four flat screen TVs, crystal chandaliers in every room and luxurious empire furniture. I kidded my wife that I felt like french royalty in this fabulous suite. I could have sat on the padded window seat looking out over Central Park for hours. We left and walked over to MoMA. After about three hours at MoMA, we returned and dressed in only our slippers and robes went down to the Spa and were treated royally with our massages. My masseuse was wonderful. My wife reported that her masseur was also fantastic. We returned to our suite and I decided to take a bath. It was a perfect compliment to the massage. I was totally relaxed. We got dressed for dinner and the doorman hailed us a cab and we were whisked away to Daniel for dinner. What a fabulous restaurant. The food, the presentation and the service were all incredible. After dinner, we decided to walk back to the hotel since it wasn't that far and it was a beautiful spring evening in the city. We returned to the St. Regis and walked into the King Cole Bar for a drink. After a round of Red Snappers and catching up with my cousin the artist and musician who met us there, I told my cousin that he had to see our room. He had been to many 5 star hotels throughout Europe and he said he had never seen such a great suite. After he left, my wife and I sat on the padded window seat and took in the city from our big round window. The bed was like sleeping on a cloud and our bedroom was quiet and peaceful. We awoke the next morning and unfortunately had to check out. What a fabulous experience. We will never forget our stay at the St. Regis	
Jun 13 2008	Glad I experienced it; would choose a different hotel next time	My husband booked this hotel for my birthday (a special one); he knew I wanted to experience the hotel at some point in my life. He tried to book a suite but was told that there were none available but not to worry---the room would be the best of the rest. He also wanted tickets to South Pacific and was told that the seats, though terribly expensive, would be the best in the house. He also asked to book a private boat for a Sunday morning Hudson River ride...When we arrived, the greetings and help from the doormen and front desk staff just weren't what we expected from this class of hotel. (I had just stayed at the Ritz Central Park South the month before, where the service was absolutely 5 star, and I could see the difference immediately). The room the butler brought us to faced a wall. We asked for another, and they offered a far better room, but at that point, I was wishing we had booked the Ritz. As we vacillated, the butler said the Madison Suite would be available in a few hours if we wanted to wait. So we did.The Madison Suite was spacious, with a foyer, separate living room, and two baths. It was spotless and really quite lovely with all the old architectural details. No complaints at all. Maid service during the day was excellent; the room was always pristine when we returned. (At night, they always missed at least one thing..we stayed 3 nights total.)When we picked up the tickets for the show, they were *not* the best seats in the house. They were in the loge, not in the orchestra. My husband said no to them, which caused a bit of fluster. Ten minutes later, someone called the room saying there had been a mixup and the seats were now 500 dollars less, far more acceptable. So in the end, we experienced the show and loved it, but this is the kind of thing that adds up to a disappointing hotel experience overall...Also, no one ever followed up on the boat trip. Similarly, everyday service was always polite and friendly but spotty. Sometimes someone would be at the door, greeting you and pushing it open, other times you would have to wrestle with it (it's heavy) yourself. Sometimes someone would be at the elevator to ask you which floor; most of the time, not.It *was* nice to stay in a place with such history, built the way nothing is built nowadays, and I'm really glad I did, but I wouldn't stay here again. In that location, and for that price point, the service at the Ritz was far superior.	
Jun 10 2008 	Loved it	The grandour of the hotel,the welcoming hospitality and the spotless and helpfulness of the staff from manager to doorman, well trained well managed. We want to live there for good.Everything, everyone at the St Regis is perfect in every way. We did not want to leave. Its a place we would live to visit and would recommed again and again.	
Feb 9 2008	5 star St. Regis	We had a wonderful stay at a wonderful hotel. We arrived early and we were allowed to check in to a room that met all of my request. We only encountered one problem with the heat and it was rectified almost immediately once my husband spoke to the reservation staff. The next day, a box of french chocolates arrived with an invitation to enjoy a complementary breakfast. Needless to say we enjoyed both gifts. Looking forward to our next stay at the truly 5 star hotel with a 5 star staff.	
Feb 7 2008 	Very Noisy Street doesn't make up for the comfort	While this hotel is luxurious, I just spent my second night on the fourth floor and was woken up at two by garbage trucks outside which loaded and beeped for an hour. My colleague got bumped up to a suite when she complained about her room. Avoid any rooms on low floors facing the street and you might get some sleep.	
Feb 6 2008 	Another great stay at the NY St. Regis	We have stayed at the NY St. Regis 3 times in the last year and have been very impressed with their consistent delivery of 5 star service and rooms. The rooms are beautiful and a great location along with personalized service from the friendly, helpful staff make it our favorite place to stay.	
Jan 31 2008 	Location and history	I can only concur with many other reviewers. A landmark hotel that is more than the sum of its parts. If you prefer &quot;bling&quot; then the Peninsula might suit better. The staff were very welcoming and I had the impression many had been working at the hotel for years. We felt at surprisingly at home here, despite the non-existant view from the room. An evening aperitif in the intimate, yet rather grand bar gave evenings a sense of occasion. Will return.	
Jan 31 2008 	Recommendation Depends on What You Are Looking For	First the pluses: The St. Regis is well located on Fifth Avenue near Tiffany's and other high end shops. It is a very short walk to Central Park and a five minute walk to Rockefeller Plaza. The beds are comfortable, the room size is quite good and it is a Grande Dame New York hotel property.Now for the the mediocre to minuses:Our two rooms looked out onto brick walls. One room had very little natural light and the other had virtually no natural light at any time of day. When booking the room, I noted to the St. Regis reservation clerk that I had seen an advisory on Trip Advisor that some rooms looked out on brick walls with no natural light. As this trip was a gift to my parents I told the agent that it was important to me that their room, at least, had some kind of view. I was assured that at $1,100.00 per night per room (and as a Starwood Preferred Guest) I was getting superior rooms with some sort of view. It was disappointing for me when that did not happen although some may not be concerned by that.Also, the service was only &quot;good&quot; and not the &quot;excellent&quot; I would expect paying the rack rate of $1,100.00 per night. For example, The St. Regis prides themselves on providing butler service. Personally (and this is another case where personal judgement comes in), I did not find having a butler terribly useful. For me they really just became someone else to tip (and the expected tip, as a per cent of room rate, was high). Our butler was polite but essentially just showed us around the room as a bus boy normally would do. They did offer to serve coffee or tea in the morning as part of our wake up call which is a nice idea. However, as I was travelling with my young daughter I asked if she could have a hot chocolate instead. The butler advised that I would have to make that arrangement through room service at a charge of something in excess of $10.00. At $1,100.00 per night, I think the hotel could have been flexible enough to offer hot chocolate for the wake up call. However, I will leave that up to the reader to decide. For me it was a niggly item that at this price point should not happen. Also, our room rate included a bowl of fresh fruit but on arrival we only had an empty bowl. Not a big problem especially since the butler said the bowl would be filled right away. However, it ended up taking two reminder calls and, even at that, the fruit did not arrive until the next afternoon. Again, just a niggly but one I don't expect at that price point. Butlers will also do a complimentary shoe shine overnight, and will iron up to two garments per day gratis. We did not need those services so there was not advantage to us there, but I recognize others may find that service useful (although with or without butlers most hotels at this price point offer at least the complimentary shoe shine and the expected butler tip at the end of the trip would have more than covered the cost of having a garment or two ironed).Finally, the food at the hotel is mediocre and, with the exception of the bar which has a beautiful mural that is worth taking a look at, the central restaurant suffers from poor lighting and an overall bland feel. To those choosing to stay at the hotel I would recommend eating meals elsewhere (even the highly touted afternoon tea was uninspired). Thanks to the great location there is a variety of very good restaurants and eateries including several that offer high tea.So there you have it. I have nothing terrible to say, it was just below expectations. On my next visit to New York, I will seek a hotel in the same locale but will forego the butler in favour of a room with a view and natural light.	
Dec 12 2007 	You have to love the St. Regis	The St. Regis truly sets the standard for hotel stays in New York City. Even the Ritz Carlton feels like a significant step down after staying here. Although it is very expensive, the hotel really does deliver with service that goes beyond the offerings of other luxury hotels. First, the rooms themselves always seem quite a bit larger than others I have stayed in in Manhattan. They tend to be decorated in a more opulent Victorian fashion as well (compared to other NYC hotel rooms that generally have a contemporary feel). Best of all, each room is assigned to a butler who will bring up tea or coffee, or help you with anything you need. The only negative experience I have ever had here (other than the price) is that the last time I asked, they did not have an ATM in the hotel, which seemed a bit odd and was a bit inconvenient. But, that is a small price to pay in my opinion as there is always an ATM within a block or so in NYC.	
Nov 27 2007 	Luxurious hotel	I have stayed in this Hotel twice this year. Every time it was excellent! Once we have been upgraded to the Astor suite - spacious room, with fire place and separated living room. Next time we stayed in the deluxe room, which was very nice - beautifully decorate, good size room, big luxurious shower, and view to the streets. (Well only one window, but it was enough). The breakfast at the hotel is amazing. The breakfast room is beautifully furnished, the service and food excellent. (Very good orange juice).But it is also very expensive. For instance one American breakfast(eggs, potatoes, bacon, sausage or ham, juice, coffee, pastry basket) for 38dolars!!!! I recommend to share one American breakfast between two people. (the portions are huge)! People from front desk and concierge, very nice, very polite and helpful.Oh I had massage in the spa.. it was nice, but I think that the spa was ok. I expected more since every other services were excellent.	
Nov 13 2007 	Upstairs Downstairs.	Stayed at the Saint Regis for 5 nights on Romance package. Grande Luxeroom with breakfast. Absolutely fantastic hotel and location. Strartedwith Limo pickup from JFK in a Merc and got better from there. Great clean and stylish room. Bit on the small side, but good for NY standards. Thought the beds at Peninsula Hong Kong couldnt be beat, Wrong, these beds are sublime. Arrived to a good quality bottle of French champagne and chocolate covered strawberries. Upstairs:Butler pretty much superfluous. Introduced themselves on arrival, onlyneeded them once when my phone charger went missing (probably with the sheets and towels) they promised the earth and never appeared again. I went out and bought another next day (cant let lifes little dramas ruin a good holiday) Housekeeping staff very polite and friendly.Downstairs:Concierge and desk staff courteous and friendly, doormen sometimes efficient most times lazy and arrogant (but doormen the world over have chips on their shoulders)Breakfast with Marcos an absolute highlight. Knew our favourite table and requirements and made sure we had it every morning. A great way to start the day, a happy genuine smiling face and a concern for patrons. This is what 5 star service is really about, person to personinteraction and respect. Treating the patrons the way they deserve to be treated when staying at the top hotel in New York. Fantastic location, some great staff, manificent rooms and sublime beds.	
Nov 7 2007 	St. Regis concierge team has only 5 star to offer.	I was staying at this hotel during a business meeting.The concierge made all 5 star dinner arrangements, had the theatre tickets, referred me to the best bars and got a spectacular 5 star Limousine provided by CSL Transportation.[--]	
Oct 24 2007 	Super Nice Folks Great Time in New York	Wife and I stayed at the St Regis on Oct. 6th for 5 nights. We are Starwood Gold members and was upgraded to the 4th floor in a standard room (they have two standard rooms before getting into the suites). Room was super. Never stayed in a fancy room like this before. Of course we are not RICH. Felt a little out of place but they dealt with me just fine.We had a super nice butler. She was new to the St Regis. Help us with several things. We went sight seeing on Saturday and came back and we had a large wet spot in the floor, so we call the Butler. We went to eat and came back the wet spot was bigger. They had no idea what was wrong so they upgraded us to a Suite. Now that was too cool. We didn't have to do anything. The butler moved everything for us.We never said a thing. They just moved us. Now that is great service. I had to know how much the suite cost, the price was $2000.00 per night. I could not believe people pay that much to stay at a hotel. Any way, that made our stay even nicer.The staff was super nice. If you plan to stay at the St Regis and are not rich, this is going to be a experience you will never forget.I would love to return to the St Regis but the points are to much now. We got in on last years points base. Super location. If you are Starwood members and want to go to NY, and the St Regis is not in your point range, stay at Sheraton in Time Square. Both Sheratons are right across from each other. You will be right in the middle of Time Square.	
Oct 11 2007 	Great Hotel	Beautiful old hotel with updated ammenities that don't seem out of place. Wonderful service- we were traveling with our 6 &amp; 5 year olds so service is everything! Great night sleep- not only was it the best bed I have ever slept in (inc. 4 seasons) the room was completely sound proof. We never heard a horn beep or footsteps outside our door. A very comfortable hotel I highly recommend it if you're staying in midtown. Also the housekeeping was great, we forgot our daughters blanket and they tracked it down for us.	
Sep 5 2007 	I looked out at the rats	This is fourth stay at St Regis and my last. I was there for work for four days and whilst I thought as a return guest, Starwood decent card holder and booked through Centurion I would be looked after, I was instead given a low floor, with a smell of cigarettes and with no view. It had one small window that looked out to a cement void that featured a regular rat looking for food. He became a daily friend. Getting a bad cold during the stay didn't help (when I wanted for some natural light as I slept it off). They did get me a housecall doctor which was great - but at $180. I guess that's fair. It is lovely hotel and the right room can make it a great hotel but they seem to play favourites and I wasn't one... I had a problem with my bill and this along with some other problems forced me to write my first ever complaint letter in a hotel. I never got a reply from the Manager I wrote too. What a disappointment.	
Jul 27 2007 	Fantastic stay	I was put up at the St Regis for 2 weeks by my company - I can't say when I've been treated better or enjoyed a stay more than this one. Excellent.	
Jul 3 2007 	Wonderful Stay	We wanted to celebrate our anniversary in style so we looked at a number of luxury hotels in NYC. St. Regis, Mandarin Oriental, Le Parker Meridian. The Mandarin was our first choice but they didn't have the availability. St Regis was a wonderful second.The ambience and decor is definitely old style luxury. Your are brought to your room and soon, your &quot;butler&quot; arrives to introduce you to the amenities of the room including a new touch screen control panel that controls everything. You can ask him for assistance with a number of things but we didn't use the butler service. We got a deluxe room with a very comfortable and plush king bed and sitting area. There is a flat screen tv that comes out of a stand by the foot of your bed for some relaxing in-bed TV. You can swivel the TV around so its facing the couch for viewing there as well. When you are done, press a button and TV lowers out of site. The bathrooms are clean and fancy as well.Definitely let them know if its a special occasion. We mentioned it was our anniversary and when we returned to our room, we found a small bottle of Veuve Cliquot champagne and chocolate covered strawberries waiting for us.The only drawback is the steep price. I think we paid $850 + tax for the deluxe room. Its a hefty bill but no more so than the other 5 star luxury hotels in New York. It has a great location in midtown. Close to Central Park and 5th Avenue Shopping. The staff was very polite and helpful.	
Jun 19 2007 	Soothing Perfection	Truth be told we sometimes balk at paying over $1000 for a few hours kip, but we were escaping distraught from the hideous Hudson hotel and thought we would treat ourselves, and see if the St. Regis lived up to it's price tag (and reputation.)Our stay didn't start off very well. No one met us with our bags at the door. We had to queue at check-in (this should have been a far slicker affair). A lady who had pushed in front of us gestured for us to go ahead . The rather surly girl at reception asked us whether it was actually our turn, which I thought was extremely rude, (us being British and never queue jumping). She didn't seem capable of smiling, so check in got a thumbs down. It was an early morning escape from the Hudson and our room wasn't ready. We went to have tea in the breakfast room. The service was extremely slow. I had to go and ask the maitre d if anyone would serve us, and she didn't seem bothered that i felt the need to ask. 10 minutes later, and no waiter in sight. Add to this plentiful decibels of drilling and construction noise (for the new Alain Ducasse Restaurant opening there) and we again decided to flee into the much quieter new york streets.The communal areas are OK, a little bit small, but you become accustomed to them.BUT that was the bad. The good was that once we were finally ensconsed in our bedroom we were delighted. As soon as you leave the ground floor and enter the upper corridors, serenity, taste and an immaculate cleanliness abound. Our room must have been newly furnished, as I had never seen such a pristine hotel room. The bedlinen couldn't have been softer, and in the bathroom, everything was perfect. It was even possible to have a shower with out the rest of the bathroom steaming up an iota. Our personal butler George was super efficient and eager to please, and made us feel very at home. Even our maid was beautifully turned out and went about our turn-down service with an unhurried grace that was quite beguiling.A few details in the room weren't quite right (the chandelier didn't work, there was no room service menu) but these were trifles compared to the quality of everything else.The concierge had a few gems...he directed us to a gallery which is selling a picture from &quot;that crazy guy, you know the one that paints the sun&quot; (Van Gogh), and recommended a restaurant on the basis that it was &quot;not one where people go to compare their clothes&quot; - a profound man, and indeed his recommendation for us was spot on.OK long review but the short of it is...service mixed, you've seen a better lobby and dining areas, but the rest is perfection and worth ever penny.	
Jun 18 2007 	Error prone luxury	In a super quiet oasis of Beaux Arts luxury in midtown Manhattan we experienced an error prone stay. After gratefully receiving an early check in and a spacious room we received a telephone call not to use the bathroom because there was a sewer problem which would be fixed &quot;in a little while&quot;. Meanwhile we could go across the street to the Sony Center to use the bathroom. However, I was not feeling all that well and had to stay in our room waiting to be told the problem was over. After four hours we telephoned and were told it was all right now. I do not know if we would ever have been notified.In the evening, still not feeling well, I ordered room service and was told the &quot;24 hour room service&quot; would open at 7 pm. When I finally was able to order most of the items on the menu were not available due to &quot; a problem in the kitchen&quot;.  Meanwhile we attempted to find the Silver Sea cruise representative desk and were sent from one floor to the next looking for him. No one seemed to know where he was or when his desk was open.At breakfast the service in the dining room was forgetfull: toast but no bread plates or butter, an unasked for glass of truly awful carrot-ginger juice, a long wait for everything. Then when we checked out we were charged again for the breakfast, although at check-in we had verified that our rate included breakfast. After all these inconveniences we were not offered any complimentary items or compensation, which would have, perhaps, overcome the need to write this negative review of a truly beautiful old-world hotel.	
May 30 2007 	Pleasant if stuffy	In NY for business, I stayed at the St Regis for about a month in total. It was consistently good, though the first room I was in was noticably larger and generally better than the second, which seemed to be in a less-recently-renovated part of the building. Small difference were present: the first room had a DVD player, so the second time I bought a DVD only to find the room only had a VCR.The beds are very comfortable, and the staff take their service levels very seriously - arguably a little too seriously for most people's comfort. It all attracts an overly self-satisfied crowd. Still, small details were annoying, like having the dry cleaning come back with everything steamed perfectly flat and proper, but with so much steam having been used that buttons on $500 shirts were cracked. Not just once or twice either. And returned as if nobody noticed, despite the careful folding and two or three layers of wrapping. Contrasts with a far cheaper hotel I stayed in in HK where my casual shirt came back unexpectedly with a missing button replaced and nicely sewn on.Breakfast was excellent, and an exceptionally pleasant way to start the day. All up, I can recommend it as a pleasant if stuffy retreat from the hectic city without, but don't take your good shirts.	
May 17 2007 	Totally Awesome	This hotel in all it's magnifigence is way over the top, my son, his wife, children and myself stayed there for 5 nights. We had two roomsand were treated like royalty in every aspect of our stay. This awesome hotel's location is unbelieveable and within walking distanceof everything you could imagine, just very topnotch. Thank you to my son and thank you to all the staff at St Regis that made my stay an unforgettable experience.	
Apr 29 2007 	What do you get for $725 per night?	We booked three nights at the St. Regis in January and, like other reviewers, found the hotel well situated with rooms furnished with comfotable beds, fine linens, and luxurious amenities. The comments about the hotel's tight lobby and rooms are all accurate, but what is most disturbing about a hotel at this price point is the disappointing service we experienced. Here are just a few examples - Upon check in, we were informed that we would be provided with a bottle of wine and cheese platter in honor of a special occasion. During our stay, this never arrived. We also dined in the hotel's restaurant for breakfast and afternoon tea. The service during both did not impress. To the hotel's credit, the tea was delicious, but we were unable to finish all the sweets and asked for a box to take them to our room. The waiter offered to deliver them and we accepted this offer. The sweets did not arrive until several hours later and we charged for them at checkout. After two nights at the St. Regis, we decided to leave the hotel early and see if the similarly-priced Penninsula would deliver a better experience (it did - see review). While hotels in NYC can be expensive, those at the upper end of the price range should deliver at all levels. Because the St. Regis failed to deliver the type of service we expected, we will choose another hotel when we return to NYC.	
Apr 2 2007	Excellent Hotel	Just returned from NYC, having spent 4 nights at St. Regis, and we are already planning our return trip. Rooms are large, and although the decor is traditional (Empire), all modern convenience (also hygiene and maintenance) are facilitated.Areas are not large or sweeping (if this is you thing, Four Seasons has a large contemporary feel, which contrasts starkly with the food portions in their French Restaurant, (but that's for another review!) , located in same area), but intimate. Nice (small) bar , with interesting art. Great staff, particularly Frank the concierge. Guests interesting too - shared lift with Donald Sutherland!Location hard to beat - great roof top bar across the street at Pennisula.	
Mar 18 2007 	An Elegant Past for a Modern Present	We spent two nights at the flagship St. Regis hotel in New York City in February 2007. What a wonderful stay  wed go back again in a minute. This hotel boasts a kind of hushed elegance that strikes just the right counterbalance to the hustle and bustle of New York City. The location, on Fifth Avenue in the mid-50s, is far enough away to avoid the crowds of the theater district but close enough to make getting around simple and straightforward. The lobby and public spaces are both grand and intimate and the hallways are hushed and elegant. The flowers and fine decoration everywhere make it seem the height of luxury. The hotels layout, design, service and amenities are all as top-notch as you would expect. The highlight of our stay was the room. We were upgraded to an Astor Suite and greatly enjoyed the extra space. The rooms are traditional, but with modern amenities and the result is a nice blend of both elegance and technology that is not an easy thing to pull off in a hotel room. The St. Regis succeeds very well in this regard, probably because it has always been a high-end hotel and changes made during the renovation simply updated what was already there. Were not sure if they added soundproofing during the renovation or if the hotel has always been so quiet: either way its a truly relaxing escape, with no outside sounds to interfere with the wonderful ambiance of the rooms. The front desk service, housekeeping and concierges are all excellent. We particularly enjoyed the food and beverage presentations, complimentary pressing and shoe shines and no problem attitude of the wonderful butler service. The only drawback to our stay was the service in the restaurant and bar. Were Four Seasons people and were accustomed to service in the bar and restaurant being one of the highlights of our stay at those properties. Despite the elegance and luxury of the St. Regis, the bar service was perfunctory at best and the breakfast service was slow and mostly unfriendly. Thats a shame, because the space (even with the current construction in the restaurant) is beautiful. We didnt sit in the bar itself because the small space was overflowing with people (we sat in the lower bar/restaurant area instead), but it looked very nice and wed recommend at least seeing it during your stay at this hotel. This is not a hotel for families on vacation in New York City: its a more refined and elegant space than the typical tourist hotel. Its probably also not a hotel for serious business travelers who need service beyond their rooms: the business center is a dark room off the staircase with what looks like discarded furniture and very little privacy. This is a hotel for people looking for an elegant, luxurious, relaxing place to stay in the heart of New York City. If thats what you want, and youre willing to splurge to get it, this is the hotel for you.	
Feb 19 2007 	beautiful old world hotel	My new husband and i went to the st. regis the week of our wedding. the hotel was beautiful, i arrived in my wedding dress and we arrived at 2 in the morning and we got greeted with congratulations. We hardly leaved the room, we got upgraded to a room with a small sitting area and it was just beautiful. The bathroom was well stocked with great products and a beautiful shower, tub, and seperate toilet room. The 24- hour butler was an incredible service, we just dialed and we were served with whatever we needed on a silver tray. The most grandoise, luxurious, magnificent, rich hotel you will find in new york city. You dont feel the hustle of the city, you feel like ur in a European hotel. My new husband and I had such a romantic and special first week as newlyweds together in The St. Regis.	
Feb 3 2007 	Phenomenal Food and a beautiful hotel	We stayed here for a wedding ceremony and had the best time I've ever had in a hotel. This place was amazing! Our hotel room was the most beautiful room with an esquisite view of the city. We had two bathrooms, a livingroom, and a gorgeous bedroom. I took a long bubble bath in the very clean and luxurious tub. The best part of the whole stay was the wedding upstairs. The food was the best meal my husband and I have ever had! White truffle risotto with Shank, Chocolate dome cakes, everything was top of the line. If I wasn't already married I'd be finding that Chef and taking him hostage for my own forever!	
Jan 16 2007 	An exceptionally fine luxury hotel	We truly enjoyed the St. Regis New York especially for the ultra-luxurious rooms with very comfortable dream beds fit for a king! Although we would categorize just a notch below some of the 5-star grand hotels of Europe, e.g. The Ritz London, Le Meurice Paris, etc. it is nevertheless a delightful retreat does not fail to pamper. The deluxe rooms and the marble bathroom were exceptionally large and beautiful, featuring all the expected amenities While we enjoyed the rooms a great deal, we felt that the lobby and other public areas of the hotel, while retaining the grandeur of the hotel's reputation, were not all that impressive. Service was superb, as would be expected in a hotel of this category. Location is excellent -- if looking for a convenient place to stay in New York, the St. Regis is centrally situated. We would certainly recommend this hotel to anyone wishing to spend upwards of $600 per night for accomodations in Manahattan. Well worth the price.	
Jan 11 2007 	Best Hotel in NYC	We returned to the St Regis to celebrate our anniversary. I used points and then extra points to upgrade from a standard to a delux room. I have stayed at this hotel many times and I let them know about our special occasion. The hotel put us in the largest suite I have had at this hotel or any other. It was incredible and unexpected since we used points. In addition I was told that the hotel ws sold out upon my request to extend for one day since it would have been totally free under the Starwood program ,if you use points for 4 nights you can get the fifth night free. The national reservation line said to check with the hotel during our stay. The hotel accomodated us and even let us stay in the suite, wonderful. Go to the new Gordon Ramsey at the London Hotel, it was fantastic and so was Blue Hill in Union Square, a recommendation of the concierge. This was a memorable trip and stay at this grand hotel	
Jan 6 2007 	Mixed bag	This was our first stay at the St. Regis, and it follows recent stays at the Ritz-Carton and Four Seasons in Boston. We loved the location of the St. Regis, and the grandeur and history of this hotel. My wife and I are fans of old, grand hotels, and the St. Regis fit that description. Our stay was a mixed bag. The staff ranged from exceptional to lazy, housekeeping ranged from exceptional to marginal, and our lunch in the bar was nothing special, at a premium price (burger was cold, salad was OK). Our visit to New York was enjoyable, and the St. Regis contributed to that. However, the cost of our accommodations was high, and the service was inconsistent. We have stayed at the Plaza, Ritz-Carlton, Four Season, Palace, and Pierre in New York in the past. Or visit to the St. Regis was the most inconsistent of all (although are stay at the Plaza was just prior to its closing, and there were some service issues).	
Jan 5 2007 	Best hotel every stayed at no displeasures!	This December my aunt treated the whole family to a stay at the St. Regis(paid for completely by points, wow I hope she puts me in her will). It was fantastic! The lobby was nothing too great but the rooms were amazing. My aunt rented one Madison Suite for most of the family and then another room for my and my wife (which was huge, larger than any other standered hotel room) which happened to be connecting to the Presidencial Suite, which had a royal family saying in it. The Madison Suite (room 836) had a huge living room with a very large crystal chandelier and a plasma TV with digital cable. It had a small kitchenette, two large bathrooms, and, in the bedroom, another plasma TV that came up from a cabinet at the foot of the bed. My room (room 1607) was very, very large compared to any other hotel I have ever stayed at. It also had a huge chandelier the plasma TV and all that plus a bathroom with a shower with 2 showerheads, a large bathtub and 3 phones. The phones in this hotel are amazing, in a standered room they put one console phone, from which you may control the lights, climate, butler service, room service (WARNING: Very expesive!!!), wake-up calls and so forth. Oh yes! Dont forget the wet bar and the fax machine. The elevators and pretty small and some large people may have to turn sideways to get into them, as the door is even smaller than the elevator. The hotel is pretty small width-wise, so no room is a hike from the elevators. Overall, if I could afford it by myself it would ABSOLUTLY stay there again.	
Dec 6 2006	Wonderful hotel	My husband and I recently stayed at the St Regis for our wedding anniversary. Upon arrival we were upgraded to a Deluxe Suite (we had booked an Astor Suite). Champagne and chocolate-coated strawberries awaited us. The suite was breathtaking. The decor sumptious and luxurious (comparable to Claridges, London). Comfortable armchairs, writing desk, TV and a fireplace in the living area, french sliding doors to the sleeping area where another plasma TV rose out of a cabinet at the end of the bed at the touch of a button - perfect for late night movies. A powder room and separate marble bathroom. Beautiful bed linen and towels. Gorgeous Remede products in bathroom and powder room - replenished daily so had a stock to take home! High tech gadgets - lighting, heating CD/DVD/MP3 TV all managed by a space age control pad.Didn't see much of our butler after check in, although she would have unpacked/packed for us if desired. I get the impression they are there if you need them.The breakfast was superb. This was included in our package. We were able to order anything we wanted on the menu - french toast, eggs benedict, blueberry pancakes highly recommended.The King Cole bar is well worth a visit - if only to sample the famous Red Snapper - the Bloody Mary was invented here. Great for people watching - midtown execs coming in for their lunchtime Bull Shots - beef bullion soup and vodka. The burgers were great.Also worth mentioning the concierge desk - they were great and even managed to book me in for a last minute blow-dry at John Barrett's salon in the penthouse suite of Bergdorff Goodman - quite an experience. Business Class Continental from Edinburgh - the only way to travel.Overall everything about this hotel was near perfect. The staff were friendly and efficient, the food and drink were excellent, the surroundings wonderfully opulent. We will definitely return to the St Regis.	
Oct 23 2006 	Nice Hotel	Stayed at the St Regis this weekend with my wife and three teenage daughters. We usually stay at the Ritz Carlton Central Park but the trip was last minute and the Ritz did not have rooms that would accomodate five people.I was pleasantly suprised by the St Regis and the hotel staff. Doorman, Bellman, Front Desk, Butler and Concierge were all terriffic. The hotel is still in good shape for an old landmark and the accomodations were clean and very nice and the location is great. We ate breakfast both mornings in the hotel resturant and the food and service were very good.Two deluxe rooms with parking and breakfast for both nights cost almost $5000.00. Not cheap but if you want a first class hotel with great service the St Regis is a good choice. However it is a step below the Ritz or Four Seasons.	
Sep 20 2006 	Loved the Madison Suite	We recently took our two boys to New York to see a Yankee game and enjoy a New York weekend. We usually stay at The Ritz/Central Park. The Ritz was booked so AmEx booked us at the St Regis. What a wonderful suprise. The Madison Suite was beautiful and huge compared to the Ritz. We had two queen size beds and a living room fit for a king. We placed the &quot;breakfast order&quot; on the door each night and behold...room service set up the living room in grand style for breakfast each morning. This was a treat since we were in a hurry each morning. Food was great as well. The boys enjoyed the flat screen tv's in the bathrooms (2) as well as my husband and I. We have a future trip planned at the Ritz and are in process of changing to the St. Regis. We has a wonderful stay. Only down note: Taxi's were at a min. due to the rain. We took a &quot;pedi-cab&quot; instead. Fun!	
Sep 15 2006 	Superb	I can't recommend this hotel more highly. Staff members were pleasant, polite and friendly. No one was in the least snobby. Service was prompt, and our needs were anticipated at every turn.The rooms are gorgeous, and kept impeccably. The food was good, in particular the fruit was wonderful. The views are poor, and the hotel was honest with me about that when I booked my room. I decided I didn't care much about that, and we had a great time. I would stay there again any time.	
Aug 16 2006 	They must be kidding	Overpriced room rates do not grant great service  that is for sure. I dont know what they got their awards for - service it is not. Besides, the former gem of a hotel has lost its charm. What did they do to the rooms? Breakfast was mediocre at best  not what we were used to. Staff is plain snobby. Isnt the company publicly traded or so? That would explains how they keep busy. Looking at trip-advisor stories of other visitors, I must say that they read like a hotel brochure.	
Aug 8 2006 	A Special Experience	First of all, unless you're willing to spend an outrageous sum of money simply to have a once-in-a-lifetime type of experience, don't even think of staying here. Like the decor and service, the prices are over the top. I paid $600 per night, and that was with a AAA discount on a summer weekend. Cocktails in the King Cole Bar run $15-$20. Room service breakfast is $30, before the service charges and taxes. --BUT--it's completely worth it. This is not simply about a luxurious place to leave your bags, lay your head, and have an evening cocktail. The St. Regis is a representation of a lifestyle that most of us can only afford on an infrequent splurge, if at all. These are guest rooms straight out of Versailles and staff for whom service is a career, not a stopover job. The location, at 5th Avenue and 55th St., is right in the middle of prime shopping and close to Central Park and Rockefeller Center. The Theatre District is a short cab ride or moderate stroll away. The rooms are something special, with ornate [but not overly so] decor including half-canopies on the beds, plush carpeting, huge bathrooms [by New York standards], good-sized closets, and padded silk wall coverings. My room was done in soothing and highly attractive muted tones of steel blue and mint green. I understand there are a couple of color schemes. There's also a &quot;command center&quot; at the bed, which will allow you to control all the lights in the room, adjust the air/heat, play different types of music, look up hotel/tourist information, and page your butler. [Each floor has a personal butler assigned who will take care of your every wish. You'll be taken up to your floor by the front desk staffer, where you'll be greeted by your butler at the elevator.] I would definitely recommend spending the extra $50 or so per night and getting the deluxe room, which includes a sitting area. The sitting area turned out to be a comfortable silk sofa, nice armchair and a coffee table with a large live orchid. There's also an end table with a selection of treats such as fresh fruit, nuts, mineral water and chocolates [complimentary]. The service can't be faulted--two items are allowed for complimentary pressing and they will be returned by the butler with a hand-written note. Luggage is handled extremely efficiently and every request is seen to promptly. They didn't drop the ball on anything during my entire stay. There's also an e-butler who can handle pre-arrival requests by e-mail--a nice, convenient touch.The King Cole Bar is legendary as the birthplace of the Bloody Mary [originally the Red Snapper] and the famous mural. Service here is also top-notch; easy-going but professional. The room is smallish, but in a cozy way with comfortable seating and expertly-made cocktails. The restaurant is open for all meals--didn't eat there, but it's a nice room with large windows. There are also a couple of lounges in small rooms off the lobby with intimate seating groupings, high ceilings and beautiful antique furniture. If you require a sweeping view, this may not be the place for you. The park-view rooms at the Ritz-Carlton may be better. But everything else about the St. Regis is absolutely superb.	
Aug 2 2006 	Curious?? Is the High Price worth it???	CURIOUS?? Why would you spend thousands of Australian Dollars to stay in an Astor Suite at the St Regis? I was!! -along with 2 female Aussie friends I saved my money so that we could book an Astor Suite for 3 nights furing a New York Visit that formed part of a 5 week Europe and America Dream Vacation.So.... Is it worth the expense?? EVERYONE Should Live the High Life and Experience the St. Regis! This venue didn't disappoint - but lived up to its reputation of Luxury with Refined Understated Elegance. Like me, if never having stayed in a venue in this price range you may be very curious what it is that a venue like this could possibly offer that would make it worth the high price? Well, let me try to explain our experience.... On arrival we were warmly greeted by reception and escorted to our suite -(A lovely personal touch!) where we were introduced to our butler who returned within 10 minutes of our arrival with complimentary cheese and fruit platter and a steaming pot of coffee! As I relaxed on the gorgeous french antique style lounge, absorbed the luxurious but elegant decor and surfed the 100+ tv channels on the large flat screen tv - all thoughts of lost airport luggage, shopping and tourist attractions were put aside - One of our party opted for a soak in the deep marble tub (filled with Italian Aqua Di Parma luxury Bath Salts) - relaxing under the light of the bathroom chandelier while watching the large flat screen tv mounted above the bath! My other friend curled up on luxurious crisp egyptian cotton sheets with a feather pillow and a complimentary fashion magazine as our butler arranged for our luggage to be unpacked, our clothing pressed and our shoes shined. Within the hour we had settled and found our new home for the next 3 days...  Despite the obvious attractions of 5th Avenue and New York City being right on your doorstep the St. Regis old world elegant charm very quickly took hold and we were reluctant to spend much of our 3 day visit away from the venue! The St. Regis is an experience that everyone should STOP to enjoy! By all means, on a tourist visit to New York - perhaps stay in another cheaper standard 5 star Hotel as a base for day trips (eg. Waldorf Astoria, &amp; Times Square Marriot was also nice and great locations) - but factor into your visit a couple of nights at this more exclusive venue to allow the opportunity to stop and relax in New York City away from the crowds and the traffic and the hustle and bustle of life.Do as we did and save the extra funds required -and splurge on the experience. Sip Champange for Breakfast, visit the day spa, enjoy the room service, appreciate the twice daily servicing of your room by house-keeping, the turndown service, the daily complimentary delivery of fresh roses and fruit &amp; pastry platters, and enjoy the friendly but non obtrusive pampering from the hotel service staff, At the end of our booked stay we reluctantly checked out to transfer over to the Waldorf Astoria. During dinner that evening we reviewed our St.Regis Experience and realized we now had answered the question commonly asked by family members and friends who had learnt of the cost of our booking - , &quot; Why would you spend so many thousands of dollars on 3 nights of accomodation at a Hotel? (Aus $2800 per night) How can it possibly be worth it?? &quot; As we sadly farewelled the St. Regis - the answer was a clear and unaminous YES it was worth it! Every Aussie Dollar was well spent! It wasn't really any longer so much a question of whether this famous Hotel was worth it but rather - more the statement that WE are worth it!EVERYONE deserves and should take the opportunity to experience such a luxurious escape from the reality of daily living.So Save up for an experience that will give you a taste of life at a higher level... As one of my friends commented - &quot; I felt really uncomfortable when I arrived....not being used to such luxury and over the top 'Tiffany silver service!' - On departure her comment was - &quot;I now feel so different - very comfortable with Chandeliers in the bathroom! This experience has made me feel like a Princess, stretched my comfort Zone, my expectations and desire to achieve-I now feel like I could own the place!&quot; That made it Worth it! - Having had but a small taste of lifestyles of the 'Rich and Famous&quot; - might just help propel these 3 young single Aussie girls on to greater levels of personal &amp; career success- Because we have now developed the taste for the finer things in life ! Not sure you can justify the price tag??? Take it from us - You ARE worth it!!!	
Jul 31 2006	hey big spender!	Without peers. We felt a bit of trepidation over the price of the room and the comps (seems everyone else has a better priced room), but all fears quickly put to rest when checking in. The staff at the desk show you to your room, and explain everything to you. Hotel is a gorgeous old dame that sparkles and the staff are telepathic without being unnerving. We had a newly decorated jr. suite and our daughter, feeling like a princess, was next door. It is expensive, but if you can forget to look at the right side of the menu during your stay, it's a good value for your dollar. It has a decent gym, a beautiful room for afternoon tea, a floor butler to do your bidding, great food, and a good concierge. Sadly, when we ran out of money and had to leave (kidding), they offered to drive us to the hertz rental agency a block and a half away. in the bentley.there was not one flaw -we would highly recommend this hotel.	
Jul 12 2006	My favorite kind of hotel	Hotels like this are the last of a breed, the old-world, traditional luxury accomodation, with beautiful furniture, elegant public areas, polite and cultured staff, fine towels, carpeting, bed fabrics. I stayed in their Grand room, a step above the basic, and it was quite elegant,a nd amply sized. it was immaculate in every way. The bathroom was equisite, a separate toilet room, a wonderful (and powerful) shower room, and fine Aqua de Parma shampoos and soaps. It's really nice when you enter your room and are followed in moments by a black-tied butler who offers to put your clothing away. He had my shirts ironed and returned to the room quickly, and was always on call at the touch of a very high tech touch screen control in the room. There is also a fine Sony LCD television. This is an experience well worth the money. If you've never stayed somewhere like this, you owe it to yourself. It is so vastly superior to the likes of the Sheratons, Hiltons, Hyatts and Marriots! I paid $550 thru American Express platinum travel, and got upgraded, plus received free breakfasts (which are around $50/person!), and a late checkout, plus an afternoon tea which I didn't bother with.This is a fine hotel, on part with Claridges in London, and I feel very comfortable recommending it.	
Jun 18 2006	EXTRAORDINARY	Husband and I stayed 2 nights and celebrated our 1st anniversary here in a grand luxe room..WOW...the renovated rooms are gorgeous...so elegant....our room was decorated in shades of a soothing green-blue and gold...the reviewer who complained about the renovations below must be BLIND...there are still beautiful pieces of antique French furniture throughout the room, the seating area was upholstered in dramatic damask fabrics which matched the headboard, and a stunning large crystal chandelier over the bed...the rooms have been &quot;modernized&quot; with wonderful conveniences such as a flat screen television which is inches away from your bed and can be swiveled around to the sitting area...all white bedding and an absolutley divine supersoft plump down comforter...how on earth can you complain about that??? The bathroom was adorned in gorgeous marble with gold antique sconces...large soaking tub, separate toilet, and separate shower stall....the butler service was quick and exceptional...so friendly....and talk about a great location...CANNOT WAIT to go back!	
Apr 19 2006	excellent	this is our second time at the sst regis new york- we came from new orleans to get away for easter and can not say enough about the hotel- the rooms were spotless- the food was excellent- the concierge was very helpful- it was such a great experience we will go again real soon- it is definately a 5 star hotel and meets all our expectations-from new orleans	
Mar 31 2006	Picture Perfect	What can I say? I loved the St. Regis in NYC. I used to live in NYC and hadn't been back in over 18 months so I wanted my trip to be worthwhile. I booked a great Astor floor room under the Taste of Luxury package (3 nights/4th free - all inclusive). Everyone made me feel extraordinarily comfortable and special. The room was perfect. I specifically requested for a muted room because bright colors give me headaches and they saw to my request. I loved the TV that comes as if from nowhere. I loved the touch panel controller. I loved the size of the room. We had room service for 4 very comfortably and they didn't even charge me the extra two (my package came with breakfast for 2). I loved their bathrooms. Very spacious and lovely. My boyfriend and I had a great time. I now live in LA and he lives in DC but we both love NY and would only stay at the St. Regis in NYC.	
Mar 6 2006	We left!!!	My family was very excited about celebrating two birthdays by spending President's weekend in NY.After spoending all day at the airport with a cancelled flight, we checked into the St Regis and ran to our Broadway Show.Upon returning to the room, we found a closet with 18 inches of hanging space. Being exhausted, we went to sleep without unpacking.We were greeted in the morning with a view of heating pipes and pidgeons doing their &quot;thing.&quot;We had asked when making the reservation for a room with a view.We were so disappointed that we immediately checked out and went to the Palace. While the Palace does not have the charm, the professional and accomodating staff helped make a wonderful vacation.The St Regis is not the &quot;only game in town.&quot;I really do not understand why they would treat first time guests this way. We will never return to the St Regis, and will not recommend this place to anyone.	
Mar 3 2006	Soooo Sad	I have been a regular guest at the St. Regis Hotel, New York. Over the years, I have stayed at the hotel many times and I have grown to love the place. I was even married at the hotel a couple of years ago (Pre-renovation). My wife and I decided to celebrate our anniversary by staying at the hotel last week (Post Renovation). We reserved a Grand Luxe Room. Having heard that the hotel was undergoing a major renovation, my wife an I were eager to see what had been done. Upon entering our &quot;newly renovated&quot; room, we were shocked. Don't let the lobby fool you folks. In the guest rooms, all of the ambiance of the guilded age has been stripped away and replaced by modern furniture, a television that pops out of a gray fabric box and wall coverings and curtains that reminded my wife and I of a guest room at a typical Sheraton. What happenned to the beautiful furniture, the elaborate curtains and the tapestries???? As our mouths dropped to the floor, all we could say was &quot;WHAT WERE THEY THINKING???!!!&quot; We soon learned that, with the exception of certain suites (which apparently remain unrenovated and decorated as before - thank God), the entire hotel (Superior Deluxe and Grande Luxe) has been renovated in a new and modern style. HOW SAD. This is clearly not the St. Regis we had grown to love. As for the new and improved Spa, don't expect any surprises. As a matter of fact, a new coat of paint and newly installed handicap access in the locker room is all that has been changed. On a positive note, Juan Manuel, the best waiter in New York, still works in the hotel's restuarant, the Astor Court. If you eat there, be sure to ask for him. Sadly, after many years of great experiences and wonderful memories, last week marked the last time my wife and I will stay at teh St. Regis, New York. Fortunately, the Ritz Carlton is just down the street.	
Feb 12 2006	Agree with "Going Downhill"	My husband and I spent our 15th wedding anniversary at the St. Regis and will not return. We chose the St. Regis for this special anniversary and expected that as Starwood Platinum members we would be treated well. Instead, we were ignored, forgotten and lied to.At check-in, it was clear that our room was not ready. When I pointed out that we were Platinum members celebrating our 15th anniversary, the clerk nervously searched her computer. When I asked her if we had been upgraded as Platinum members, she replied that we had. In fact, we were not upgraded at all and were placed on the lowest floor with no view and lots of street noise.The newly renovated room was pleasant, but it was not what we expected as Platinum guests. We were not given our amenity points because, according to the front desk personnel, &quot;we treat all guests specially.&quot; She assured my husband that flowers and fruit would be delivered. We did receive some fruit but no flowers.The &quot;personal butler&quot; is clearly a misnomer. We met our butler and asked for a luggage rack. When it was not delivered after an hour, we contacted the front desk and were told that our new butler would be arriving soon. She delivered the luggage rack, but by this time I had unpacked my bag on the floor. The next day we called our butler and got no response. She called me an hour later saying she had missed our call. These were our only two experiences with our personal butler.Supposedly breakfast was included with our room, but I had to call the front desk repeatedly to learn the particulars and was told several different stories. In the end, we were charged an extra fee for our breakfast even though my husband was assured by the room service person that we would not be. At check-out the clerk was unable to print out an itemized receipt but she said, &quot;Your breakfast was over $100.00, ma'am.&quot; I had pancakes, orange juice and tea!&quot;I've been a loyal Starwood Platinum member for years, and generally, I am very impressed. But, the St. Regis was certainly not up to par. In fact, my most recent experience at the Sheraton at the Portland, Oregon Airport far exceeded my stay at the so called world famous St. Regis. My advice would be to save your money and stay elsewhere.	
Feb 6 2006	Good hotel with various glitches not on par with Four Seasons or Ritz Carlton	I stayed at St.Regis Hotel from 25 -30th Janaury, got the taste of Luxury package which allowed me in January to stay 4 nights but had only to pay three. On top of that I had breakfast included and all room taxes which was a pretty good deal, but still I had to pay US$ 670 a night for a deluxe room. The fifth night was a starwood award night.If you pay US$ 670 a night you expect nothing less than the best. Unfortunately if I take the price there were some inconveniences which make us believe that the hotel isn't on par with e.g. Ritz Carlton or Four Seasons or the smaller more intimate luxury hotels in the upper East Side:First the goodThe Deluxe on the 15th floor was nicely appointed and freshly renovated. The bed was the best I ever have slept in a hotel, very comfortable, warm with duvet etc....Housekeeping was very good and they performed a very nice turndown service.Bathroom was of adequate size with a separate showerstall with a rainforest shower which you didn't want to exit after you have entered.Butler service a nice touch, but not really needed.The less goodNot enough drawer space for your luggage and clothes. Breakfast quality was lousy for a hotel of such a quality.Some other minor glitches in the room and service make us overall believe that the hotel is not totally on par for the price they are charging.As I said overall a very good hotel with some glitches, would I stay again at this hotel, considering the price probably not, I would try something else.I was expected to be blown away - and I wasn't	
Jan 31 2006	The Best...Again!	We just spent the weekend at the St. Regis and arrived back home last night(1/30). It was our 5th time at the St. Regis over the last 15 years, and our 20th Wedding Anniversary. Once again, the St. Regis did not disappoint and luxuriated us with the finest of everything...service, room service(Colorado Lamb Chops with the wild mushroom cassoulet..incredible), and of course, the room. We splurged on an Astor Suite and had a ball! Three TV's (plasma in the living room), pin drop silence, private butler at your beck and call, stunning bathroom, etc, etc....we didn't want to leave and, in fact, had about 7 room service calls. We can't wait to go back for our 25th!	
Jan 23 2006	Traditional New York Luxury	I took my sister-in-law and two of my nieces (aged 10 and 6)for their first trip to New York and the St. Regis made it quite a memorable experience. Yes, it is very expensive, but worth the price. We stayed in a Grand Deluxe room, which was lovely. Decorated in muted green and gold, with modern amenities such as flat panel tvs. The staff couldn't have been nicer, bringing cookies and hot chocolate after a long day of sightseeing. I tried to book the Four Seasons, but they wanted us to book two rooms at almost $800 per night because of &quot;occupancy requirements&quot;, which was ridiculous. The St. Regis could not have been more accomodating. Luxury like this certainly does come with a hefty price tag, but they also gave us wonderful memories.	
Jan 8 2006	Going downhill	Just returned from a weekend trip to New York and stayed at the St Regis. This is our 8th stay at the hotel. We used to love this hotel, but after this last stay, we will not be going back. The butler did not come to introduce him/herself like usual. We had breakfast at the hotel's lobby restaurant and got very mediocre service (this has been a problem in the past which I wrote the hotel about. Apparently, they are not interested in doing anything about it). On our last night, the sink backed up and dirty water started filling the sink and bathtub. We called the front desk who sent the butler to our room. His first question was &quot;What did you do ? This never happened before&quot;. I gave him a dirty look and just said I didn't do anything and I never took a bath in the tub, which is where some really disgusting stuff was coming up from the drain. After checking out, we were waiting outside for the cab and the porter went to get our bags (we brought them down from the room ourselves but left them with the porter as we walked across the street for about half hour before coming back for our bags). We stood waiting for over 20 minutes with no explanations of why it was taking so long. The service we got just did not live up to a hotel of this calibre. We had dinner at the Four Seasons Lobby restaurant and the service there put the St Regis to shame. I will avoid going back to this hotel in the future.	
Sep 11 2005	Luxury at the Reeg!	For Valentine's Day last year, my boyfriend treated us to a night at the St. Regis, such a decadent thing for 2 New York locals! Maybe it was the amazing foie gras we had at dinner at the hotel restaurant, or maybe it was the fact that we were eating chocolates and sipping champagne in our giant comfy bed, but we had such a nice time. The rooms are super quiet, the hotel is convenient to all the shopping on 5th Ave, and the service is impeccable. We also enjoyed the gorgeous marble bathroom and sitting area in our room.I also stayed here with my family when they came to visit me for Thanksgiving 2004. Again, the hotel staff was attentive w/o being obtrusive, and the environment was cheery and festive at this time of the year. The only problem is that the views, if you are on the rear side of the building, aren't exactly appealing. Many of the rooms look at a back courtyard, so all you see is brick building.Overall, I highly recommend this place; it's really a treat!	
Aug 5 2005	Luxury at the St. Regis	My husband and I stayed at the St. Regis for 1 night August 3-4,2005.It was a special night to celebrate our birthdays. It was beautiful and we loved every minute of our stay. The staff was exceptional and the service superb. Our room was very beautiful in an elegant motif as befitting a 5 star hotel. The service was exemplary and rare to find these days.The location on 5th avenue and 55th street was excellent for shopping, dining and the theater. Our breakfast was delicious and in lovely surroundings. An extraordinary treat if you desire something special is a stay at the St. Regis,	
Jul 31 2005	Pure elegance and attention to detail!	After having stayed at many of the finer hotels in NYC, the St. Regis was a welcomed surprise. Everything from the beautifully appointed suite, to the butler who seemed to guess our every whim, to the fabulous afternoon tea - this hotel was by far the most luxurious stay that I've had in the city. I can't say enough about it and can't wait to go back and be pampered again!	
Jul 28 2005	Absolute Perfection	Wow where to start?!!? I initially booked a Grand Deluxe room through the SPG Gold prefered guest line and recieved a very good rate at only $620 a night. After this I called the hotel to make arrangements for limo transfers. The concierge was extremely helpful and knowledgable and they provided competitive rates.  So after much anticipation I arrived at the St regis after a 12 hour flightfrom Hawaii. As you can imagine jet lag was in tow. Anyway as soon as we entered the lobby we were greated by the lobby manager and escorted to the marble everywhere lobby where check in lasted not even 3 mins. We were then escorted to the 11th floor and to our surprise found out that because it was my sons birthday they had complimentarily upgraded us to a Madison Suite. ABSOLUTELY MAGNIFICENT!!! it was huge about 1000 sq ft, large for manhattan standards. The foyer was tiled in italian marble and all of the walls were covered in sumptuous silk. the living room overlooked madison avenue and had a 50 inch plasms tv, as well as a very charming and luxurious seating area. The beds in the bedroom were to die for. see for yourselves at my pictures. But the best part was the service. Our butler, Barbara, always greated us promptly when we called and with a pleasent smile. She gave us anything we wanted even help using our digital camera. the doormen were efficient with taxis and excorting us to the lobby. The maids, Sadika in particular, made us feel like this was our home. I left the St regis feeling like i was leaving some of my family behind. I still miss the staff and cant wait untill my next visit. I can hands down say that this is the best hotel i have ever stayed at. And believe me i have been to numerous 5 star hotels and this one beats them by far. Perfect stay!!	
Jun 27 2005	Unparalleled elegance comfort and service!	My husband and I just spent 3 days at the St. Regis for our 5 year Anniversary and we were beyond impressed. From the moment we stepped in the door we were treated with the utmost respect and kindness. We were escorted to our room and introduced to our butler. The 24-hour butler service is extraordinary. They think of things you would never imagine. He brought us a dozen exquisite yellow roses with orange outer petals and a bottle of champagne, all complimentary. About 10 minutes later he then brought another dozen roses, this time longstem red roses, that my husband had ordered. The hotel has it's own florist and the roses were just beautiful. They were all perfectly open and looked like velvet. I even took them home with me so I can continue to enjoy them. The room was elegant but cozy and very well appointed. The location was a perfect home-base for all the sight-seeing we did and the concierge desk was most helpful for anything we needed.The turndown service can't be beat. Slippers on either side of the bed (his and hers), bottles of mineral water, and fresh ice in the bucket. We came back to the hotel from seeing Spamalot (don't miss it if you get the chance!) and the butler brought us not only the ice we requested, but a huge tray of complimentary delicious pastries and desserts. Fresh fruit and chocolates in the room and a well-stocked bar were another plus. We had breakfast in the room one morning and the food was excellent, especially the pancakes. The staff was extremely pleasant and catered to our every whim as well as those things we would never think of but amazed us nonetheless. We even checked out and had them hold our luggage so we could continue sight-seeing on the last day. I can't say enough wonderful things about our experience there and will recommend the St. Regis to everyone I know. It is definitely a one-of-a-kind hotel and the staff will ensure you have an amazing experience. I can't wait to go back!	
Jun 19 2005 	Trust this snob..there is no place better.	I have never been more compelled to write a hotel review in my life! I am going to keep it short and simple. This was one of the best hotel stays of my life, and you can bet I have had a few and at some very special hotels. I recently stayed at the St Regis for 9 nights on business, each day got better and better and I was actually sad to leave. It felt like home to me. The staff was unbelievable and the service second to none. The gym was small but great. My room was simply excellent. Very high ceilings, gorgeous furnishings, a fabulous chandelier,walk-in closet, shower was amazing, towels soft and inviting and it had a very nice bed. The concierge went above and beyond and was very knowledgable. Yes, the food was expensive as one might expect, but it always is at a hotel like this, besides it was delicious.Stay here with my highest recommendation. I will make it my new home on all subsequent trips to NY.	
May 29 2005	If you want to be be pampered stay at the St. Regis	As a treat for our 20th anniversary, my husband and I stayed at the St. Regis in NYC. I upgraded to a butler room for some extra spoiling, and we were not disappointed. The room was lovely, quiet and comfortable. The only negative I can remember, is that I think the towels were a little too old to be considered soft &amp; fluffy. They were OK. Fresh fruit and regular bottled water or sparkling water were available. Because I let them know we were celebrating an anniversary, chocolate covered strawberries &amp; a half bottle of wine were delivered compliments of the St. Regis. I haven't stayed at other 5-star hotels in NYC, so I cannot compare my stay with other 5-star hotels in NYC. I did enjoy the butler service for major spoiling! You cannot beat the location of the St. Regis, especially if you want to go shopping or visit art galleries &amp; museums. We had drinks and a light dinner at the bar. The food was fair. I enjoyed the mural by Maxfield Parish. All in all, I enjoyed our stay, and it met or exceeded my expectations.	
Apr 27 2005	Simply the best - 5 dots are not enough	We have just spent the most amazing 3 days at the St Regis for my wifes 40th Birthday. I think it would be far to say that we are reasonably seasoned travelers and have stayed at some of the best hotels in the world, but none of them come to close to the level of service we experienced at the St Regis. I think every hotel you stay in there is always something you could say wasnt up to scratch, but it wont be worth complaining about because it is so insignificant. If you go to the St Regis you will have a funning feeling that you cant put your finger on because it takes a while to work out that everything in the hotel is done to perfection. Every member of staff is one step ahead of your every move without been intrusive and you are always greeted with a smile. Breakfast was wonderful, room service was divine and the spa was out of this world. The butler was excellent, even with making tea at 5.30am (jet lag) and chambermaids made sure everything was spotless in the most amazing bedroom. Finally, afternoon tea to die for. If you want the best and to experience something no other hotel has very achieved, for us anyway, then splash out and go to the St Regis.	
Mar 17 2005	Top Quality!	Well, where to start? ive stayed there 3 times and loved it, i met will smith there too. top quality butlers, rooms, service, etc etc	
Feb 25 2005	Wouldn't Stay anywhere else	I go to New York 4 or 5 times a year- and I always stay at the St. Regis on 5th and 55th. I've stayed at the Mark, the Regency, the Plaza, and the four seasons. The St. Regis is by far the most luxurious and wonderful out of all of them. The service is outstanding- they get to know you on a personal level, they anticipate your needs, and cater to your every demand. Every room has a butler on call 24 hours a day. The rooms are amazing... even the standard rooms. They have high ceilings, large closets and bathrooms. The suites are huge- they have a foyer... two full bathrooms... large living rooms... dressing rooms... its just amazing. The beds are heavenly... they are hard to get out of! They will do anything to make you happy- I was once coming back from a club and called from a cab and asked them to have a bottle of grey goose and cranberry... and a pack of cigarettes waiting. Everything was already in my room- all set up. It is a fabulous hotel... and I would recommend staying there- of course it is more expensive than most hotels- but its worth it. I just stayed in a W hotel the other weekend because everything was all booked- and compared to the st. regis it was a dump...	
Jan 24 2005	Near the top...	Great hotel, great location and a great big bill. Accoms were fantastic, beautiful rooms and all that you would expect for the price.Concierge is definitely used to the high rollers as they quoted us $1,000 per ticket to see the Stones and MSG - needless to say we were able to get better deals without much headaches. Other small concierge issues but if you are a usual visitor to NY it shouldn't be a problem to find what you need in the city.Great bar.	
Dec 28 2004	Confusion meets Luxury	First for the Positives:-Very nice and descriptive web page.-Adequate selection of accomodations and competitve and corressponding prices.-Courteous front desk and lobby personnel.-Beautiful and awe inspiring room furnishings.-Superb location Negatives:Well, I can't really put the negatives in bullet form but I can state them properly in a paragraph. Everything seemed to me going very nicely until they confused my reservation. I initially booked a Deluxe King room in the Taste of Luxury package for around $650 a night, and the fourth night I was told would be free. But when I called to re-confirm they rudely stated that I was mistaken and that the fourth night was not free. This really ticked me off, so I faxed a copy of the rate details of the room over to the Executive Offices of the hotel, in this fax it showed them that the fourth night was in fact free. So then within 20 hours the Executive assistant Ms. Kim, called me to tell me that they will gladly honor my rate. Then the next day I called to re-confirm my reservation and was told very rudely again that my reservation had been canceled and that I had to wait until the morning to call back and re book. Then I called the Preffered guest reservation line and confromted them with my problem and was told that my reservation was NOT cancelled. So from there I told her that I needed proper compensation and was again instructed to contact Customer service in the morning.After this fiasco I must say that I enjoyed the trip except for the parts before my checking in to the hotel. The rates are reasonably priced for what you get except make sure you check on you reservation every so often and print out the rate details of your reservation. Overall pretty good!	
Dec 6 2004 	Great location 	I last stayed at the St Regis nearly 10 years ago, and returned last month (November 2004). The best thing about it is its midtown location, close to Central Park &amp; 5th Ave. stores. Our room was luxurious as you would expect at those prices and the bed extremely comfortable. The butler on your floor brings complimentary tea/coffee and there are 2 complimentary clothes items pressed per person. They even provided decaffeinated tea at 4.30 a.m. when we were wide awake with jet lag. (What is the protocol with these butlers - is one supposed to tip them every time?) However, I was disappointed with the public rooms; in particular, there was no comfortable place to have coffee. We had invited someone to join us for coffee and were directed to a table in the dining room where we had not long before eaten breakfast. I inquired about the bar and they said it would be possible to bring the coffee through there, but on inspection, the bar area was dark &amp; uninviting so we stayed in the dining room.We were leaving New York on a evening flight from La Guardia and I requested a late check out. This presented a problem until I offered to pay for half a day, when the problem disappeared. I think that hotels are entitled to expect payment for use of the room in such circumstances, especially at busy times (this wasn't such a time) but I do think that if they are being paid, then a hotel of this standard ought to service the room and they did not. (Especially as twice daily service is included in the full day rate - so surely one room service should be included for half a day)	
Oct 29 2004	The St. Regis was Awesome!	We stayed at the St. Regis in mid October for my birthday. I had notified the front desk that we were arriving early in the morning and were hoping to get an early check in (flew from LA to NYC on a red-eye). Unfortunately the room was not available but the front desk staff were very nice and even wished me a happy birthday. They took my cell phone number and promised to call when the room was available but did not hear back. Later in the afternoon, after walking to central park and the Met, we arrived back at the hotel around 3 p.m. - they had upgraded our room to an astor suite on the top floor (i have platinum starwood status) - the front desk agent took us up to the room. The suite was very nice - formal type furniture. Bed was comfortable and the rooms were very clean. The only gripe was that the TV's are a bit small.On my birthday, the hotel manager had a 1/2 bottle of Taittinger champagne delivered to the room. It was a great surprise and showed how great the service had been. We utilized the butler service a few times - for ice and wine glasses and for shoe shine service. Do be wary though of dining - breakfast for 2 can be about $90.Excellent stay. The pictures on the web make the hotel look much bigger than it actually is. Perfect location - easy walk to 5th ave shopping and many dining locations are close by. Would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 30 2004 	Being in oasis	I stayed in St Regis in September 2004, actually for the second time. As always, great room, great service. The hotel was very busy at that time, but the service was still very quick. The more impressive was the check-out. Despite quite a limited space at reception and many people, they dealt with the guests very fast. I was a bit late for the plane and thus nervous, but they saved me some nerves.Because the hotel was fully booked I did not receive an upgrade (though I am gold SPG member) and the room was a bit dark and had interior view. But still the deluxe room I stayed was like in a palace.To those who say it's pricy, I can tell that their rates are fully consistent with other best New York hotels. And although this time I stayed almost at full rate, last year I received a very good discount.I will certainly come back to this hotel. Staying there is like being in oasis in the middle of a noisy and busy city.	
Jul 6 2004	A new York classic		
Jun 24 2004	Classic Luxury		
Jun 23 2004 	Pleasant but very overpriced		
May 24 2004	One of the World's Great Hotels!		
Apr 20 2004	Never again...		
Oct 13 2003	Fabby everthing!		
Oct 1 2003	Never again		
Mar 7 2003	St. Regis		
Dec 31 2002	simply the best		
Dec 25 2002	afternoon teac		
Nov 17 2009 	un merveilleux souvenir		
Oct 14 2009 	???????		
Mar 7 2009 	Eccellente Hotel ma occhio al prezzo complessivo!		
Sep 19 2008 	Valeur sr  NYC		
