	Worst experience in a hotel	My friends and I checked in to W Hotel The Court with high hopes that it'll be similar to other W Hotels. We were let down from the beginning till checkout. First off, the hotel elevators were constantly breaking down, and an even more ridiculous thing was that the hotel blamed US for stalling the elevator. They didn't even ask if we were okay, instead they were trying to cast the blame on us for breaking the elevator. The even more ridiculous thing was they didn't even shut it down. There were two elevators, so we avoided the broken one, since we had no interest in plummeting to death. I don't know the names of the staff working at The Court, but I recognize them all of them and none of them were friendly about the situation or to us. Secondly, the room keys NEVER worked, we had to get new room keys EVERYDAY, they say the magnetic strip &quot;de-magnetizes&quot; easily. We didn't even bother with trying after day 1, we just went to the front desk every time we came back to the hotel. Thirdly, the hotel housekeeping was non-responsive to our requests for cleaning the room, and we were not living cheap either. So for three days, our bathroom was piled with towels and the floor was dirty. The only time we got good service was if we ordered room service. Overall, not a good trip.	
	Good hotel but only at the right price...	I was reasonably impressed with W The Court.The rooms are very clean and nicely decorated although they are starting to look a little bit tired around the edges. I got a corner room which probably helped my impressions of the hotel. Like a lot of hotels in the &quot;somewhere between 4 and 5 star&quot; category this one is all about how much you pay. I got a cheap rate, was paying about $200 a night and felt that this was good value for money. If you're paying a lot more then you might start to feel like it's a rip off.The staff were friendly and very efficient. For example, one of the guys had my bags in a taxi ready to go whilst I checked out so that I walked straight into the cab and left when I was finished.	
	Has sadly gone downhill. I strongly recommend staying elsewhere.	Background: We stayed twice before at the W - Court in 2007 and 2008, respectively. On the strength of our experiences on those previous stays, we booked a two night stay over the Thanksgiving holiday this year. We were very sorry that we stayed at the W - Court on this particular trip and could not have been more disappointed by the subpar service, amenities and rooms. First off, the hotel's elevators were being fixed throughout the duration of our stay. There are two elevators which are adjacent to each other and can fit about 5-6 people max. As you can imagine, when one of them is out, it is nearly impossible to get in and out of the hotel without a 10-15 minute wait for the elevator. We were on the 11th floor, so it wasn't really an option for us to hike up and down. Instead, we just waited and waited. The situation got to be so frustrating and desperate that guests would pile into the elevator (imagine about 10 people in an elevator designed for 6), which would cause the elevator to get &quot;stuck&quot; in between floors. Now, imagine waiting 10 minutes for the elevator to go up to your room, getting up to said room and then finding that the key to your hotel room no longer works and that the hotel has inadvertantly &quot;locked&quot; you out of the room. That is exactly what happened to us. Twice. Second, the internal phones in the W - Court do not work. When you call the front desk, say, to ask for a wake up call or for room service, it just rings busy or rings and rings. We finally tried calling from an external line and got through. When we told the front desk attendant that the internal line wasn't working, she acknowedged the problem and then said &quot;we are switching phone companies and that is the cause for the inconvenience.&quot; Note that we stayed at the hotel on November 26-27 and another reviewer on this site noted this same problem on November 16th! That's 10 days of non-functional phones! Okay, so we get through to the front desk using an external phone and order room service on Saturday morning. An hour and a half later, still no food. We go downstairs to ask for the whereabouts of our room service and are told that our food was &quot;accidentally delivered to the W - Tuscany (note that the W- Court and the W- Tuscany are immediately next door to eachother)&quot;. Although the front desk offered to send up another room service order, we declined, giving up on the whole room service business. Lastly, the bathtub drains are in need of serious repair. While the water pressure of the showers is quite good, even before you get in the shower, the tub is backed up with water. By the time you are done showering, you are standing in about 3-3.5 inches of stagnant water. We asked the front desk to fix this after we discovered the problem on Thursday night, but no one ever came. We stayed in room 1104 if management is at all inclined after reading this review to fix the problem. Upon checkout, we spoke to Aline Urkumyan (the manager at the time) about these problems which she characterized as &quot;small issues.&quot; I suppose that she is right, that what I have outlined are &quot;small.&quot; However, when you look at all these events in the aggregate, they made for a very aggravating and unpleasant stay. We would never, ever stay here again and I suggest that if you are reading this and thinking about staying here, please avoid it unless they make some vast improvements. Otherwise, you will be in for a great disappointment.	
Nov 16 2009 	Expectations not met. Would not consider this a 4-star Manhattan hotel.	My husband and I recently stayed at W New York - The Court. The hotel staff were very pleasant. However, upon entering the room I was disappointed to find a dirty minibar that was in desperate need of a wipedown, cushions that looked like they hadn't been washed, and barely any towel racks in the bathroom to hang a washcloth or shelves to place a toiletry bag. It was also a disappointment to kick back after a long day, only to find no room service menu anywhere in the room. I attempted to contact the front desk about this, but found myself unable to get a hold of anyone as the phone kept ringing busy. Thankfully, the room service and restaurant staff were patient enough to take the time to provide me with dinner and drink options over the phone.As moderately frequent travellers, my husband and I have stayed in numerous hotels across the world and have generally found the Starwood chain to be a sure thing. While the service at W New York - The Court was satisfactory, and the hotel in a good location, my expectations for this to be an elegant, superior experience were certainly not met. After our less than stellar experience, I doubt we will stay again. Definitely not worth it at the rate we paid.	
Nov 16 2009 	WOW - Great Service	I have just returned from a 4 night stay with 11 girlfriends....!!! The concierge and front desk staff at W The Court could not have been more helpful before and during our stay. My girlfriends and I had a weekend to remember and we would definitely stay at the W again. Fabulous location for 5th Ave shopping......!	
Nov 15 2009 	A REAL LETDOWN	The W The Court was certainally not what I had expected. The lobby was inviting, although small, with fresh orchids arranged in a contemporary design. There was also a welcoming pitcher of water with lemon, orange slice, cranberries and fresh mint. It was downhill from there. The carpeting was torn, worn and in need of cleaning. The room was fair at best, the quality you would expect to find at a Holiday Inn perhaps, not a 4 star hotel ,The bathroom was pretty awful. Nowhere to put toilitries on a pedistil lsink. Had to put them on the window ledge. Toilitries were terrible ,like from the dollar store. There was mold around the tub tiles which had been caucked and recauked. Walls were paper thin, heard guests next door every word.Will not stay again.	
Nov 9 2009 	Didn't Wow	Booked through Priceline, so the price was right, and I'm more than aware that the best rooms are not put on Priceline. However, billed as a 4-star luxury hotel, I expected a little more.The neighborhood is great, and the hotel is really close to lots of destinations in mid-town.The techno music in the lobby and the elevators was a little loud at midnight, but I guess I'm just a cranky old man (at 41).The lobby was nice, but small. The front desk staff was very welcoming, and very accommodating when we asked to me moved to a non-smoking floor. The room was a nice size too. The furniture was a little bit worn, and all brown. The walls were painted a pretty stark white. You could hear the guests in the room above walking around, but not the people in the room next door. The room had one bathrobe, which was a little small and itchy. Our TV didn't work, and we called, and it was fixed (and on) when we returned that night. The next day, we were also charged for a movie we didn't watch, which was graciously wiped off our bill without any problem.The hotel is in a great location, and the staff was very good, and I'd stay here again, but there was no &quot;Wow&quot; factor.	
Oct 24 2009 	Avoid this hotel. Not a Real W Hotel or if it is the brand is in trouble.	Maybe other W's are nicer, and maybe this one was well run at one point, but its a mess now... Some examples from a two night stay: 1. Air conditioner in my room didn't work. Maintenance guy said it was fixed. It wasn't.2. Asked staff to have HVAC fixed while I was out for the day. They forgot. 3. No one answers the front desk phone. 4. If you get a room near the elevator you hear the door, the music in the elevator, and the conversation. EVERY word. EVERY time. 5. When someone closes their door the entire hallway shakes with a resounding boom. 6. Even the small stuff is screwed up: their is a water jar next to the elevator for guests, but it has been sitting empty the entire time I have been at the hotel; the carpet in the hallways is so wrinkled it is a serious tripping hazard, etc.	
Oct 18 2009 	5 matinis and 3 packs of cigarettes too many -- rough rough rough	W hotels tend to be rough around the edges - doing many things well, but missing on the details. This property is no different except it has seen hard use. It's time to replace the carpeting and furniture. Also, multiple problems with my reservation - I prepaid one day and needed to extend to a second and their system could not gracefully handle - I ended up with two reservations, two bills, being checked and locked out of my room after the first night, etc.	
Oct 15 2009 	wow suite	We booked the hotel because we wanted to have a suite with a terrace. When we checked in the agent gave us an upgrade to a wow suite, which was fabulous, but it did not have the terrace, ( I was a little disappointed in this). It was wonderful though with a dinning room table and it was very large, bigger then my sons apartment. We enjoyed our stay and the the view out the window was wonderful. The staff was nice and helpful. Juan was great. The bar was fun to stop into for a nightcap. I would recomend a short walk to Grand Central Station. It is very beautiful and it is a great place to pick up a quick sandwich or treat. Moonstruck is a nice place nearby to go for breakfast. I think they serve all day. There is a wine store across the street on Lexington and a bagel store that was good across the street.	
Oct 6 2009 	Great Service--Room A Bit Below Average	This was my first trip to W (The Court). The stand out at this property is definitely the service. I certainly was no VIP but the attitudes and graciousness of the staff was absolutely noteable. I expected the typical NYC rudeness but they were all FABULOUS, particularly the concierge. He was just great--recommending restaurants and really just helping me make a decision when I was truly undecided. The front desk, bellman, really everyone just top notch service. Quite a breath of fresh air.Now to the downside --- although my room was pretty quiet for NYC, it was in need of repair. The paint job was old, stained in places, peeling, marked up. The radiators and walls showed age and wear. Some of the furniture was really beat up. Bathroom had cruddy tile grout and just looked worn. This was not what I expected from a W property (I think I was taken in by their slick marketing!) I did like the Bliss travel sized products. The layout of the room was strange as well -- tiny bathroom with NO outlet for hair dryer or other appliance. They had a makeup mirror and outlet perched on the bar area in the main room which led me to believe this was the &quot;fix&quot; for no outlet in the bathroom. Not user-friendly. The flat screen TV was perched on the desk and did not make for easy TV viewing. Room had an odd smell. Elevators are SUPER slow. All in all, the service really went a long way to make up for this but at $500 for a single night--I found more appealing rooms at the Hilton near Rockefeller Center at a fraction of the cost! Updates to the rooms would greatly improve the experience.	
Oct 5 2009 	friendly staff	Spent a little over a week in New York at the W Court. This hotel has a great location. The staff were very friendy and could not do enough for us while we were there. They have a great bar downstairs. We had a couple of great nights with Drew and the other bartenders. The only downside would be that the rooms could do with a make over. But the staff through out the hotel made the stay very enjoyable.	
Sep 29 2009 	The best experience possible!	This hotel has the MOST accommodatign staff and customer service. I travelled with business customers and the hotel staff went out of their way to insure everything was perfect for me and my customers! I will only stay at this hotel when traveling to New York!	
Sep 28 2009 	The W New York Court and Tuscany will go out of their way to make you happy!	Can't say enough about the management at the hotel, they have made me feel like a very valued guest.	
Sep 25 2009 	Staying in the W Court has led me to meeting some pretty awsome people to think I was not even considering it at first.	Experienced great service and helpfull staff.The room (the bed !) was awsome, at least for the nights I used it ;)Being right down of where we needed to be, (the armory on park Ave) it was a luxury, and at night we we're good to go for a night on the town as well.Great suggestions of where to go by the bar's staff. Do not forget to ask before you head out.No doubt I will just book again next year, that and I'll bring more friends this time.My first visit to New York was awsome, and the W has facilitated that in every way.Keep up the good work.Jan Verhelst	
Sep 24 2009 	Great staff Friendly Service	We have stayed at all of the W Hotels in NYC and this is by far the best staff. Barbara at the concierge was incredible friendly and went out of her way to be helpful. The bell men at both check in and check out were great at helping us get our baby and all of the stuff that comes with her in and out of the car. At the other W Hotels, they tend to have an attitude, where the staff of the court was genuine and helpful. They even provided us with a fridge for free so we could store our daughters food and milk.We had a suite, which was on the Lexington side and was a little noisy, but I guess you expect that in the city. The room was nice and comfortible.	
Sep 11 2009 	WOW The W New York - The Court ROCKS!	The staff at the W New York - The Court is incredible! The front desk, the door and car guys and the conierge, Barbara are incredible!Check this out.... I stay there every year during the US OPEN. When I checked in this year, the staff knew me by name, where they helped set me up for dinners last year, etc. I was stunned. I left a blackberry in a limo out at the US OPEN in Flushing Meadows and contacted Barbara, the concierge. She quickly contacted the limo company, found the driver, 3 way confernece call, called my blackberry cell #, the driver heard it ringing and found it. He then delivered it back to the W and it was brought out to me at the US OPEN. Talk about teamwork!1. Retriving your Blackberry after leaving it in a limo: Lots of teamwork2. One dozen roses at the deli across the street from the W: Only $10.003. The smile on the face of &quot;almost crying&quot; Barbara, the W Concierge: PricelessCheck out the pic below.Thank you W for the great stay as always!Michael RamoskaWilson Sporting Goods	
Aug 4 2009 	Horrible Hotel Bugs in the ROOM over billed	I stayed here on a business trip. Two colleagues also stayed here. One colleague was also over-billed. But that was only part of my horrible experience. The room itself was fine, nothing fancy, but comfortable except for the air conditioner that was really loud and didn't seem to respond to my attempts to lower my room temperature. The real problem was the bug issue.I woke up with welts all over my body at around 2:45AM - from bug bites while I slept. When I informed the hotel staff they were disgusted that I had found bugs and they had the room cleaned. A subsequent health department inspection revealed that the bugs were not bed bugs (fortunately). In fact, the health inspector found no bugs in the room - perhaps because I spent hours chasing the little black bugs and killing them myself and because the hotel had the room thoroughly cleaned prior to the inspection. The hotel staff was very friendly, but did very little to give me any reason to ever stay at The W Court Hotel, or any W Hotel, again.	
Jul 29 2009 	W New York the Court- not worth the money and bad customer service.	It appears as though the W just bought this hotel and has not worked out any kinks. There is a lack of communication and understanding about what the hotel policies are. The hotel management and staff were not on the same page. In addition I don’t think the rooms are up to W standards, and they are misrepresented. It is not a 4 star hotel. Best thing about the hotel is it is in a good location. Worst thing is the bad customer service, and management, considering the high prices. Also park in a regular parking garage, it is cheaper than 24 hours at the hotel, by about $20.The service at this hotel was not great. Checking in was fine, but when we got to the room our beds smaller than those we booked. When I called to see if we could get the queen beds that we booked the manager assured me that the room had queen beds and no doubles. He argued with me, but no apology. The room was ok, the bathroom counter was dirty. Shower did not work well, except to wet the toilet paper roll right next to it. And there was no extra toilet paper in the room. The carpeting in all the hallways is loose with bubbles and creases; it’s very easy for someone to trip over.The concierge could not recommend a local restaurant without looking in Zagats. The hotel location was pretty good, not far from midtown but much quieter, many things within just a few blocks. I attended a three day seminar there and have to carry my own food due to food allergies. The staff told me they do not keep food refrigerated for guests, but they did for me only on the first day because I was unaware. In addition our group ordered food to be delivered. The front desk said it was fine and actually ordered the food for us. Upon delivery the manager told us we had to take it outside, and we could not eat the food in the hotel that his front desk staff had ordered for us!Front desk staff not very attentive. While I was standing there the young man at the desk ignored me to place his lunch order.Several people in our group were told that taking the stairs was “illegal” however there is no signage on any of the doors that guests cannot use the stairways. Other staff told us that we could use the stairs. Very confusing. Actually the staff looked confused when we told them we were told not to use the stairs.Overall, the people at this hotel are not working together very well to provide a good experience. I am a big fan of W hotels and this was the worst experience with them that I have had.	
Jul 24 2009 	Great View and Ambiance Small Rooms	I would say that the hotel is somewhat over-rated. The cost to stay range from 300-800 dollars per night and wouldn't say the service is extraordinary. We had a room, however with a great view of the city which was a plus, however for the price the rooms were pretty small and they weren't well kept. We experienced peeling paint and a rusty tub to say the least. If we spent more time in the room, I think this would have put a damper on the trip overall.	
Jul 12 2009 	Stain on the W Hotel Brand - Terrible Service	Typically, I adore the W and Morgans Hotel Group. They are staples of tastefulness, quality and service. However, I stayed at the W -the Court for a weekend with my spouse. The bottom line is that this specific W Hotel is a stain on the W Brand. The location of the W the Court is nice. It is located in a residential area of Murray Hill, which is a young, trendy area. Check in was a bit slow, but not a big deal. There were people at the desk complaining about their keys not working though. They looked highly annoyed. The rooms are ok. Decent size. Modern Decor. Very much like most Ws. However, the service is shockingly deplorable. It was 82 degrees and our AC was not working. It would work for about an hour and then go off. The engineer came a few hours after we checked and advised us that it was an issue with the breaker. They should have moved us at this point. Regardless, that night, my husband and I woke up in sweltering heat 4 times and had to manually reset the breaker ourselves. We were also awaken by the LOUD noise the AC made just before the breaker blew out. We called the front desk the next morning and they asked if someone was blow drying their hair. Seriously, I should be able to blow dry my hair while the AC is running in a hotel. But, I advised her that we were sleeping and the AC was the only thing running. She sent the engineer up and he just re-set the breaker and told us not to touch the AC. Huh? It went off again about 45 minutes later. They told us they needed to pull the unit. Since we were checking out in a few hours, we decided to just deal with it and get the heck out of there. Obviously, I called to advise the conceirge of the situation. Per my request, they let us sleep in a bit and check out an hour later and said, &quot;we'll see what else we can do for you.&quot; They ended up giving us reward points, which I find interesting since we are not reward members. Uggghhh! I am laid back and understand the AC issue. Things happen. But, any other W or any Morgans Hotel Group hotel would have bent over backwards to make things better after such a terrible experience.	
Jul 2 2009 	Decent Stay at the Court	During a recent trip to NYC I decided to give the W Court a try (I usually stay at the W Times Square). Overall the hotels location is pretty good if you like a quieter neighborhood and also need to be close to Grand Central Station. I would however probably chose another area if your primary reason for going to NYC is to shop. Check-in was slow but the attendant was very friendly and gave me a Cool Corner room on the top floor (16th). Room was spacious for NYC standards and quite nice. The bathroom was however very small with an akward sink location. If the basis for my review was only the room I would have given the hotel a higher mark but the service IMHO needs to be addressed. As mentioned, check-in was slow, the elevators are a huge pain in the .... (one wasn't working the entire time I was there....and they only have 2 of them) and the bellman was a joke. He was busy chatting with girls everytime I went out and could not be bothered with actually hailing a cab for someone staying at the hotel. I had to do that myself! So basically a nice hotel in a good location but with service issues that could be solved very quickly by the management.	
Jun 30 2009 	Great service and location	I have stayed at W - The Court on a number of occassions, and have always found the staff to be very friendly, helpful, and accommodating. The rooms are very comfortable, and the suites are wonderful. I sent Sofia, the General Manager, a note prior to my stay requesting a specific room, and she was very quick to write me back with a confirmation of my request -- she also followed up with me personally after my stay, which I can't say that I've experienced at many other places. I was so pleased with my experience, that I stayed at the W - The Tuscany (the sister property next door) the next night. Again, I was warmly greeted by the staff, and given a lovely room. I highly recommend either of these hotels.	
Jun 29 2009 	Great atmosphere okay service	When you judge this hotel you have to consider what are appropriate expectations for a W hotel. What you should expect: a great looking room, a cool bar, hip atmosphere. What I did like about this W were: - The rooms were larger than average, and the decor was tastful compared to other W hotels I have stayed at (Although the bathroom was tiny, no granite countertop as I've seen in other W's. Just a tiny sink with no room for any toiletries).- The neighborhood is central, walking distance to several subway lines, and Murray Hill- The gym was more than adequate.- Bar was cool and I saw a few people hanging out throughout the evening, which is the level of social environment you expect at a W.What I did not like or have realized you should not expect from a W, is good service. It seemed there were only one or two staff at the front desk at any given time, which is just not enough to offer a high level of service on a busy weekend. I actually watched the staff stand around while a woman with a walker tried to walk out the front door. The guests actually rushed over to help her. My conclusion is this W is a cool place to stay for the weekend, but perhaps not convenient and comfortable to be my regular NYC home.	
Jun 16 2009 	I Love This W!	Nice hotel situated in a quiet neighborhood in NYC. 3 blocks away from Grand Central Station so its an easy walk. Not far from tourist attractions as well. This is one of the hotel that provides bigger room in NYC as well so if you want more room, this is a good choice for you.Lobby: Small but adequate. There's a wetbar adjacent to the hotel. Very trendy looking, packed with people every night but due to the size of the lobby, they are not like the typical W that you have seem elsewhere. Got in around 830am due to red eye flight. The lady whom checked me in explained to me that room wasn't ready so I dropped my bag then started to explore the city. Room was ready by noon-ish.Room: Got upgraded to Fantastic Suite on 3rd Floor. The room is Huge (esp for NYC standard). Living room had a nice B&amp;O stereo system, a sofa bed and a wet bar thats perfectly suitable for a party! The bedroom is very spacious too. Typical W standard (older standard, more dark feeling than the new white/metallic furniture that other W's uses). AC works fine (Thanks, no motion sensor). The only complain is the bathroom. Very small! They don't even have much space if you have more than 1 person to put all of ur stuff on the counter. I was told that this hotel was going to renovate their room, but due to the economy situation, this plan has been postponed. However, the room itself is very comfortable and clean. It may be slightly outdated for W standard but I would still recommend this hotel when visiting NYC.Staff: Very friendly! from welcome desk, bellman and housekeeping, they all work hard to make my experience &quot;W&quot;onderful.Dining: Didn't try but its very convinent, many options right next to the hotel or the grand central station got very good food court downstairs.Acura experience is very cool! Save me some time travelling to the station and I feel like VIPs!	
Jun 11 2009 	Great Location large rooms great character	This W has done a super job of retaining the character of the era in which the building was constructed while creating a modern and peaceful hotel. The rooms has a feeling of both the past era and of a modern flair as well. The rooms are very large for New York and the staff is great! Whether it means front desk, concierge, or housekeeping, the staff is helpful!Personally I thought the location was unbeatable. It was very close to the touristy parts of Times Square and Midtown, but was just a bit away, in a somwehat residential area that still had plenty to eat at and walk around and see.It is a very hard location to beat whether you are a tourist or business person!	
May 28 2009 	Fantastic Hotel!!!	My partner and I stayed at The Court over Memorial Weekend, 5/23-5/25. From the moment we arrived it was clear the type of service we would be receiving. We pulled up in our Cab and a staff member was already opening our door and grabbing our luggage from the trunk to help us into the Hotel. We went immediately to the front desk, in which the gentleman working was incredibly friendly and provided outstanding service. We arrived at 9:30 in the morning and they allowed us to check in many hours early. The entire hotel is immaculately clean, with a small boutique feel. The hallways were very inviting. Once we got in the room, we could not believe the size. It was more than twice the size of any hotel we have ever stayed in while in NYC. (BTW, we had a Spectacular King Room) The room and bathroom were immaculate. We had an entryway, side hallway area with mini bar and closet, and a huge bedroom. The bed was out of this world comfortable. We are usually up early and out the door in NY, but the bed was so comfortable we couldn't get out of it in the mornings! The concierge, bell staff, and font desk staff were all incredibly helpful and provided 5 star service. Each day we received excellent maid service and the room was just as clean as when we first arrived. We were supplied all new toiletries. The Bliss products are amazing! We will definitely be returning to this hotel.The neighborhood is fantastic and away from all the noise of the big touristy areas. There is also a Bagel Shop across the street on Lexington called &quot;Bagels and More&quot;, that bakes fresh bagels and cream cheese everyday. They were fantastic. We ended up getting breakfast there all three mornings.Also, I noticed in other reviews some people were concerned about the gym being in the Tuscany next door and having to walk in the winter. The Tuscany entrance is about 15 feet away from The Court entrance. Seriously it's that close!If you are looking for amazing service, a very comfortable and clean/plush room, then stay there. It is well worth the money! I also got an amazing rate by booking directly through the hotel.	
May 21 2009 	Horrible service - Make sure you select non-smoking room if you are a non smoker or else...	W New York, The Court – December 2007I know I am late in writing about this, but it took me this long to get past the money I lost on this little excursion. I Booked a Fantastic Suite in March 2007 for stay over the Christmas holiday of that same year. I adore Manhattan and was looking forward to being here for Christmas. Although I had booked these special room months in advance, for some reason they could only give us a room on the smoking-optional floor. I don’t smoke. I’m fairly positive that I did make it clear in my Starwood account’s settings that I prefer non-smoking rooms. However, the receptionist insisted that I put down that I didn’t care. The room was huge, well-appointed as stated but was an utter disappointment because of how bad it smelled. Smelled of smoke even worse than the hallways. Slight moldy smell in the bathroom but was a pleasant change (if you can believe that) from the putrid cigar smoke smell in the rest of the room. Plus all the generous windows had a lovely view of someone’s storage patio. Nothing like looking at old, rotten furniture amidst the smoky stench at our $600+ a night room. Went back down to reception immediately to get another room but they told us that they could not get us another room. They offered to bring in an ionizer which of course never showed up. They suggested (snottily) that maybe if we waited a few hours for the night manager, they may get us into a smaller room elsewhere. Seriously? We had already PAID for a larger room well in advance! It was Christmas Eve and the W’s WHENEVER/WHATEVER mantra was more like a slap in the face. The worst part is that because we had booked the room at a special rate – we would have to forfeit our 1st nights charge if we left. As I had mentioned previously, this all was happening on Christmas Eve and so far the fiasco made us late for our theatre showing consequently missing out on the show all together. Add another $250 to the $600 - down the drain. We didn’t want to add insult to injury by staying in such a horrid room that we left anyway. The one good thing about this story is that the other hotel we were staying at previously (On the Avenue in the UWS) had a wonderful place for us that night. Since this incident, I’ve pretty much given up my W staying ways. I’ve been staying at their hotels throughout the country for years but have noticed that they have been going down in quality &amp; service in my past few stays. Unfortunately, I’m finding these W’s might just be resting on their laurels.	
May 20 2009 	Motel 6 treated me better than The W New York - The Court	We took the red-eye to NYC from LAX, so needless to say, we were at the hotel bright and early and exhausted. We asked days prior for an early check-in and the hotel staff gave us the run-around when we got there. We asked for them to keep our luggage while we went to breakfast and walked around a bit as we wait for our room to become available since the clerks assured us that the room would be available in a couple of hours. We called the hotel to see if our room was available a few hours later, the woman on the phone simply stated to us in a very unpleasant tone that &quot;check-in was 3pm&quot; and hung up on us. Not a good sign for this being the W and all.This should've been a sign to how we would get treated the whole weekend we were there. We get to the hotel around noon, and again ask the clerks at the front desk if a room was available. The female clerk was annoyed, she did not accomodate us at all, not one bit. Considering she is in the hospitality business - she needs to change jobs. This is the same woman whom hung up on us earlier! Wish the people who work there wore name tags to better identify who she was. We asked several times if our request of checking in earlier could be accomodated. No one bothered to give us a reason as to why our simple request could not be accomodated. And they pride themselves on &quot;whatever, whenever&quot; as in whatever you want and whenever you want it - we will do it. NOT SO!! We sat in the lobby until 3pm til our &quot;room&quot; was ready, no one bothered to explained why we couldn't get our room earlier, as we requested and it seemed like they didn't care. Then they mixed up our rooms and tried to give us a stinky smoking room - unacceptable!! We had to wait another 45 mins. We were really too exhausted to even bother with management. By the time we got into our room, we were exhausted. I called the operator to get our luggage sent to our room. We all fell asleep then an hour and half later, no luggage. I had to go downstairs back to the lobby and ask where my luggage was. Luckily, the hotel clerk staff changed shifts and I no longer had to deal with the rude woman from the morning. Turns out, that when they took our luggage in the morning, they didn't give us a luggage claim ticket. Yet, no one called our room to verify if we had one in the first place when I called to have the luggage taken up. I had to go to the luggage closet and identify my luggage. Only to find out that my coat wasn't there. I had to go back the noisy, squeaky elevator (which was noisy the whole time we were there) to ask where my coat was. This time, the person who attempted to locate my coat was arrogant and seemed as if it was beyond him to find my coat. He's a bell man, thats his job!! After I gave a few choice words, he found it within himself to find my coat. The room itself looks like it needs some remodeling. The tub needs re-glazing, the fixtures in the bathroom were leaky and no water pressure in the shower. Carpet is horrible. Some of the lights in the room weren't working. And this is a &quot;fantastic suite&quot;, not-so-fantastic - should be the name of the room. The only good thing about the place were the beds. They were very comfortable - so if you would like to pay an arm and a leg for a comfortable bed only and get treated poorly, then this is the place for you. If not, don't stay here - under any circumstances!! The windows were gross. It looks like they've never been washed. However, I had a view of the Crysler building and that was a beauty. The subway wasn't very far, just a few blocks away. No one opens the door for you, even if you have lugguage and trying to open the heavy glass doors. Oh, we called for delivery service from a place down the street and the front desk had it and didn't bother to call us to advise us our food had arrived!! Coincerge was decent, depending on whom helped you. The woman was short fused and not very helpful, however the man with a heavy spanish accent was awesome! Housekeeping was wonderful. There was one clerk adn one bell man who helped me during my luggage locating that I must commend - they were very friendly and helpful. Too bad that the service from the morning left such a sour taste in my mouth for me to forgive and forget. In no way was the staff trying to make-up for the horrible service we had in the morning on our first day. I was trying not to blow my lid but really this is not the type of service I expected of the W hotel at all. I've stayed in plenty of different hotels throughtout my life and this experience has to be the worst I've ever had. I'm serious when I'm saying that Motel 6 treated me better!! The staff is a reflection of the hotel and really with the morning staff this hotel has - it gives the W a very bad name. I will never stay at a W hotel again - it was that bad!!	
May 18 2009	Great Place to Stay	The Studio Suite we stayed in was very nice. It had a double sofa bed and a room off from it with a King Size Bed. My son found the pillows very comfortable. The staff were very friendly and helpful.I asked for a coffee pot and the one didn't work, so I returned it and housekeeping brought me another to the room shortly. The rooms were also pretty clean.My son and I walked from Central Park back to the hotel, which was a long walk, but the W New York the Court is very centrally located.	
May 17 2009 	Simply disaster	I have to stay in the hotel, because of my company deal. I don't have comparison with other NY hotels, but I do have comparison with other hotels across USA and Europe. The review is based on my observation after 7 weeks staying Thursday-Monday. The hotel is simply a disaster:* Rooms are very small (&quot;spectacular&quot; is a funny name not corresponding to reality), dark and smells bad* There are often strange spots on the sofa* One of two elevators is constantly broken, people were even captured in the elevator for some 15 minutes (once during my stay)* If I ask for help with the luggage usually no-one is available* Thursday/Friday evening there are broken beer bottles in the (one remaining) elevator, no-one bothers to clean it up* There is mix of leisure and business travelers - expect to meet drunk people shouting on the corridor 2 a.m.* Bath sink is often chunked* Windows are dirty. They can be opened, but they don't stay opened (unless you put something in the window e.g. book).	
May 12 2009 	Wonderful service great location big rooms housekeeping needs work	Stayed here May 7-11 and found our experience consistent with other recent Trip Advisor reviews. The front desk/lobby staff are amazingly warm and friendly and go out of their way to be of assistance. Everyone seemed genuinely nice. We had a studio suite on the 9th floor, which was huge. Had a separate bedroom with a king bed, and a large living room. The bathroom was tiny though, and our only complaint about the hotel was the inconsistent housekeeping service. Several days we didn't get new glasses, washcloths or toiletries. Our coffee pot never got washed and cream/sugar wasn't replaced. The bathroom had some mold and hair (yuck) - everything looked like it needed a good cleaning. We just tried not to look too closely in the corners.... We had no view to speak of and there was some traffic noise on the 9th floor... but hey, it's NYC and some of that is to be expected. The location is fabulous, easy walking distance to the Theatre district and Grand Central. Great neighborhood too.The &quot;Acura Experience&quot; car service is a fantastic perk. If you make a reservation, a brand new Acura will take you to your destination in the city. The cars are beautiful - they don't do a sales pitch, but it's great marketing for Acura and a way to ride in style for W guests. Overall we had a positive experience, and would stay here again if we find a good rate.	
May 10 2009 	Cool 	Booked this hotel online and got a great deal for it - $200 US/night. The atmosphere is great - very small boutique like, and the bar is also great. The room itself was clean with a cool design, but the windows were absolutely FILTHY - you could barely see outside. The bathroom was tiny and had a mouldy smell.Now for the negative - our internet wasnt working and at some point 2 IT guys (very intrusive) were in our room trying to fix it, one had severe B.O. issues and stank up the room. If you book this hotel, ask for a room which doesn't face Lexington Av - the exit/entrance of the bar is on this street &amp; is very noisy. I had ear plugs so this wasn't an issue but my friend couldn't fall asleep because of the noise.At check out, I caught one of the front desk staff spitting in a garbage can (classy!).	
May 5 2009	Huge rooms for 2 20 something daughters and their friend. And me.	To cut to the chase, here is a quick pro and con review for a 3 night stay with a family / friends group- Pro's:Very Good online rate at $150 / night for 4 people and 2 queen beds.HUGE room. This was THE major factor after price range. I booked one room with 2 queens (room 612) for 2 nights and added a second room with a King for the third night as my husband joined us from upstate. The queen double was more than adequate for 3 preening 20 something young women and myself- count that- 4 women-. Walk-in closet, big dresser, large bathroom with tub. Interestingly, the King I booked for DH and myself ( room 611?) was smaller and not as nice...and cost more!The Doormen. Not usually a consideration, but these guys were great! Friendly, helpful, and very, very accomodating (maybe having three beautiful young women in your party helps?). However, the main Front Desk woman was also very helpful and friendly...as were most of the staff. Better service than I expected here.Huge bouquets of fresh lillies and orchids in the lobby.Free drop-off car service from Accura (by reservation). Accura partners with &quot;W&quot;. Nice touch and saved us cab fare to the upper east side museums. Very low-key; no sales pitch. Cheap good food, wine and liquor store, drugstore within 1-3 blocks. Location. Both a Pro and a Con. Just depends on where your activities are centered. The mid-town east location can be less convinient to the subway than mid-town west, but was OK for us.For the ladies, I would have preferred SOHo or Tribeca for nightlife, but for our dates the hotels in these areas were much more expensive. As it turned out, I am glad there were not a lot of &quot;after-hours&quot; choices in the area. I may have ended up on a solo trip!CON's:Room decor is not really my style. Very basic in reality, but tried to be &quot;upscale&quot; and &quot;chic&quot;. Not fooled but at least they try.Discovered a few sloppy details in corners of the room that I probably would not have noticed if our stay had been shorter- just enough sloppiness to indicate that this W needs more attention to basic maintenance.MAKE SURE YOU GET THE CORRECT &quot;W&quot; as there are 3 or 4 in the city! Altho not unattractive, the lobby / check in area is much too small.As an FYI, the hotel bar was so full on Thurs. that there was no place to sit. Friday it was less full, but still very lively. Saturday night it was dead. A weeknight bar.I recommend this hotel if you need large rooms for 2+ people. I frequently host my daughters and their friends in NYC and I am always looking for these types of rooms at good hotels that can be had at a reasonable cost.	
May 3 2009 	Huge suites reasonable rates but not quite up to the usual W standard	Got a good deal (by Manhattan standards, anyway) on a gigantic 2-room Fantastic Suite, which at around 700 square feet was easily larger than both my brothers' Brooklyn apartments.The lobby is typical W, only smaller, with the darkish, hip interior and thumping club music 24/7. The bar area was nearly deserted over the 5 nights we stayed, so don't come for the scene. We never had to wait more than a minute for an elevator.Our room had 6 large windows overlooking the corner of 39th and Lexington Ave. and a view of the Chrysler building. The room at first glance has the stylish look and feel of a W, with 2 largish flat screen TVs, framed black &amp; white photos on ledges and contemporary furnishings. But on closer examination, many things felt a little past their prime--big ripples in the thin carpet, dingy dresser, plain-jane window shades and white paint on the walls, and some cheap, sink-halfway-to-the-floor side chairs in the living room half. The windows did not appear to have been upgraded (or washed), so with all that glass in the corner suite, traffic noise was significant all night, every night. We slept fine, but be aware.The bathroom was surprisingly tiny considering the size of the suite and felt lifted out of an inexpensive motel, including the slow-draining tub that filled up during every shower, cheap shower curtain that wouldn't close at the edges and the non-adjustable shower head that dumps hundreds of gallons with no real benefit. Service was great when it came to unloading from our airport cab and getting checked in. The rest of the time, very so-so. We had to call twice and wait 30 minutes to get sheets for the sofa bed, which were then unceremoniously handed over for us to make the bed ourselves. A large room service order for 3 was carried in on a single tiny tray--again, left up to us to figure out where to put it and how to squeeze everyone in--apparently because &quot;it was raining&quot; and they ran out of table carts. Don't be looking for anyone to open the door for you either. All of this would be fine if you were staying at La Quinta, but I travel a good amount and expect much better service from higher-end hotels.Grand Central and subway access is 4 blocks away, though you will find yourself making a lot of transfers to see the sights. The Murray Hill area feels more &quot;local&quot; than other parts of town, so if you're looking for tons of shopping or guidebook attractions you'll need to explore beyond the neighborhood. We found several decent breakfast places over on 3rd Ave., but tended to go elsewhere to eat the rest of the time.There are clearly two standards for W's, and The Court definitely ain't the W Union Square. But when you can get what must be one of the larger suites in NYC for $100 less than a regular room at the other place, you may find yourself willing to put up with some of the sloppiness. Just go in with your eyes open.	
Apr 29 2009 	Fantastic bed quite location	This thing I loved most about this hotel was the wonderful bed and quite locaiton. The hotel itself was a litte worn (furnishing, carpeting and the shower had low pressure) but we got a great rate on line for $200 on a Saturday night. Great places to eat within walking distance.	
Apr 15 2009	Looks good on first glance the second one is ROUGH!	My mom and I stayed here for a long weekend and were delighted by the arrival staff. It didn't take long however for the shine to wear off. We had booked a &quot;spectacular&quot; room for a special 3-for-2 nt rate and were thrilled, until we got an email 3 days ahead of time informing us of the weather in...Chicago. They had booked us into a W in the wrong city. After many many calls, they promised to fix it with an upgrade, and sent a new confirmation email. This was great except now we had a suite - with 1 king instead of 2 doubles - and we had to ask staff every night to make up the sofa bed. They arrived very slowly and then brought only sheets, no duvet. The AC wasn't working either, which took about an hour to fix - at midnight. And once we looked around, we noticed that there was a serious problem with the carpet buckling - so that it tripped us - and the bathroom floor and grouting were quite dirty.The staff were always quite kind. I think they were just ridiculously understaffed and maintenance is underfunded. All might have been forgiven except then when we checked out, they had charged us for the full suite rate, &quot;prepaid&quot; so we couldn't change it, and the Accounting people wouldn't be in until Monday. We were asked to follow up and call back the next day to prove our case instead of them doing the leg work. This is beyond poor service in my mind, and we definitely won't be returning.	
Apr 14 2009 	Excellent Value for the Money	The hotel was an EXCELLENT value for the money for NYC. The room was a wee bit stuffy at first but cracking the window took care of thIS issue. Otherwise the room was very clean and well lit. The service was excellent. The location was great and the neighborhood had many amenities nearby like a small grocery store and pharmacy. The upper floors were relatively quiet. I would definitely stay there again. They even threw in a complimentary breakfast for two unexpectedly. I was able to get a pre-paid rate of $175 during my stay this Spring. The bed was superb and extremely comfortable. The rooms with a view a smaller however, the larger more generously sized rooms have less of a view and get less lit. Be sure to request the room type that best fits your needs. In all, I was very pleased with my stay.	
Apr 6 2009 	Feels Like Euro-style Boutique Hotel	I stayed here with friends over the weekend to celebrate a friend's birthday. Some really nice things about the hotel were the service and the surprisingly roomy size of the hotel rooms. We could even see the Chrysler Bldg from our room. They also had very friendly and timely overall service from the front desk, concierge, to the bellhop. A room was ready when we checked in around 12 noon so we were able to drop off our bags off in the room. Of course, they provided us with Bliss products. However, the bathroom did have a funky, old smell, but nothing unbearable.	
Mar 30 2009 	Nice hip hotel in great location.	For Manhattan standards (old hotels, small rooms), the Court was above average. This W is not as nice as other cities' Ws, but it's nice for Manhattan. The Court is located in a mostly residential area, so it has a quieter, less-touristy feel. Three blocks away from Grand Central subway station. Plenty of taxis coming down Lexington Ave. One block away from 3rd Ave. and its plethora of restaurants. The rooms are relatively large and nicely appointed and clean, but they don't &quot;wow&quot; like Ws in other cities. The hotel staff are excellent. The lounge and restaurant are busy at night. My wife and I chose The Court for a romantic weekend get-away, and it's great for that. We found an unbelievable promo rate that offered an upgraded room for under $200/night incl. taxes. We received a further upgrade with my Starwood card. Also, Acura and W Hotels were running a promotion that offered free car service in new Acura SUVs - very nice amenity! Directly next door is another W hotel - The Tuscany. I'm not sure of the differences between The Court and The Tuscany. It seemed similar in size and target market.	
Mar 27 2009 	Get ready for strange smells	Requested a non-smoking room (actually pre-paid for one). Got put in a smoking room labeled as &quot;non-smoking&quot; - switched rooms to another that smelled less like smoke but more like a wet dog. Switched rooms again - smoker room &quot;reclassed&quot; as a non-smoking room. At this point I gave up. Complained and the manager, Michelle somebody, said she would send up some breakfast vouchers. They never arrived. Management could care less. Lots of half eaten room service trays lying around for hours. The room itself had water stains on the tables, cigar burns, etc. Spend your dollars elsewhere.	
Mar 13 2009 	New York	The location of the hotel is great. Catching a cab can be a difficult, as with many places in Manhattan. They have a bell man hailing cabs for guests, which was nice until he made us feel obligated to tip him every time. I appreciate good service, but not if it is conditional. The rooms are a bit smaller than the website makes them out to be. The atmosphere is very fun in the lobby during evening. The attitude of some of the staff could improve.	
Feb 28 2009 	One of my Favorite W's	The Court W in New York is one of my favorite W's in the country. It is a smaller hotel, yet provides wonderful personalized service. It is in a great location, and the marvelous suites are quite marvelous. I have stayed in all the W's in NYC, and this is my favorite.	
Feb 28 2009 	Loved the W !	We spent 4 nights at the W the court as part of a birthday/ treat holiday 2 weeks in NYC.. W the court was our first stop and they certainly didn't disappoint! Our flight arrived mid morning and we arrived at the hotel at 11am not expecting to be able to check in.. but it wasn't a problem and on asking for a special room they upgraded us to a suite!! - fab - dream come true! with a great view of the Chrysler building from both the living room and bedroom window! Bed was very comfortable.. ,my only complaint would be the heating is very very noisy and there is quite a lot of street noise honking etc.. but you get used to it.. Location is great and there was a fantastic Indian Restaurant just across the Rd called Nirvana which is definitely worth a try...	
Feb 25 2009 	Great Hotel!	My boyfriend and I and some friends stayed here over New Years Eve because it was near our friends hotels and apartments and relatively close to the bar we were going to. I usually stay in the Hilton family of hotel since I'm an honors member and generally can redeem points for a free night or two, but all the ones in the area were booked by the time we made our reservations. It was a bit of a walk from some of the places we went to, but that was mostly because it was so cold it was hard to walk anywhere.I was a little nervous because of previous reviews and because I'm kind of picky with hotels but, I thought it was a really nice.  We had to wait in the lobby area an extra hour to check in but, the hotel was incredibly busy at that time because of everyone getting in and out because of New Years and everyone was running around trying to get rooms ready as quickly as possible. That made me kind of nervous that the rooms were going to end up not quite clean, but fortunately that wasn't the case.The rooms were nice, much much nicer than the rooms my friends had at other hotels and we all paid around the same per night, and the staff was very friendly. They were also great about letting us check out a few hours late too since my flight back home left in the evening. The bar was a little expensive but pretty on par for a hotel bar, and it was a cute place to grab a drink or two before the group of us went out or while waiting for others to get ready for dinner.Do beware the elevators, though. There is only two for the whole hotel so if it's busy it might take a while to get one. I would definitely stay here again, especially if you book during not peak times when the rates are very very reasonable or combine with some of their promos that the Ws usually have!	
Feb 25 2009 	Great for Business	This was a great hotel that I stayed at several times for business! I love the ease of the hotel and that it is on the smaller side! Very safe. Because I stayed so many times the hotel even upgraded me a couple of times. Staff is very friendly and very nice. This is a great business hotel.	
Jan 18 2009 	Great place	Stayed 1/16/09 for 1 night. Hotel was very nice. Room was very large (booked a wonderful room) also very clean. I would def stay again. The staff was very nice and helpfull	
Jan 4 2009 	Fantastic place to stay	We booked a fairly last minute New Year trip to New York and were not expecting to get an average hotel never mind one as brilliant as this. The rooms were immaculate, the beds huge, staff extremely friendly and an overall luxurious feel to the place.The location is fantastic, close to all attractions, we ended up only getting one taxi the whole trip and managed wlaking the rest of the trip... although now back my legs do need a rest! Although the hotel is on a main road (as are all hotels)! the room we were in was quiet with minimal noise from the traffic. The other couple we went with ended up in a little noisier room but it only took a quick chat with the reception and they were moved within the hour.I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone staying in New York and if I returned it would be my first choice.	
Dec 31 2008 	True NYC Fabulousity	My husband and I had tickets to a SNL tapping. We stayed at the W for three nights and we did not want to leave and come back to reality. It was one of the best hotels that either of us have ever stayed in. It was over the top in terms of receiving the celebrity treatment that most people crave when visiting NYC. I had been a New Yorker for three years and had heard great things about the W chain. All of the things I had heard were true and the hotel lived up to the high expectations we both had. Our room was exceptionally clean, modern, and chic. The extra bonus was receiving Bliss spa products. The other products within the room created the total W experience. The designers really thought of everything right down to including a W CD which we ended up purchasing online when we got home from the W store. The restaurant/bar was fantastic and beautiful. The staff was gracious and very polite. Since this trip, whenever possible we try to find and stay at the W in the city to which we are traveling. You will not be disappointed if you are craving celebrity treatment.	
Dec 24 2008	Best hotel I have stayed at in NYC	My wife and I have stayed at 5 different hotels now in NYC and the W Court was by far the best hotel we have stayed in thus far for many reasons. The service was fantastic and every employee was eager to assist us in any way possible. The concierge knew every restaurant in town and even bought us a bottle of champagne upon our arrival to the restaurant. The rooms are surprisingly big (for a room in NYC) there were three of us staying in a room with 2 double beds and we had no issues with space. Finally the &quot;Wet Bar&quot; was a great place to start our nights or end our nights for drinks. We heard that the lounge was a hot spot for celebrities etc. and by the time our trip concluded we had drinks with over 3 celebrities. The staff was young, attractive and entertaining. As an avid traveler I recommend the W court to all.	
Dec 22 2008 	Great location very good deal - highly recommend it	Stayed for one night in mid-December. Of course it's dark, and there's annoying trendy music in all the common areas, but what do you expect? It's a W.  Room was more spacious than I expected and the staff was tremendously friendly and helpful.  Highly recommend it to anyone coming to NYC for business OR pleasure. can't beat the location, and this is definitely a better choice than many of the older hotels in the neighborhood. Anything under $300 a night would be a steal here.	
Dec 21 2008 	Awesome Birthday @ The Court by W Hotels	I have been staying at this hotel in New York for about 10 years now. It has always been a great home away from home where the staff know you by name and take really great care of you. I have stayed in the same suite for most of my time at The Court....Suite 1507 with the wrap around terrace. Great suite if you have the chance to request it!!!!Make sure that you utilize the Acura Car Experience as well while there as it proves to be quite the valuable tool while experiencing all that the city has to offer.The staff at this location are top notch and always on their toes. As mentioned in the title, I went for my birthday and arrived and had cards and some extras to acknowledge my birthday. Quite a nice surprise and totally above and beyond what one would expect.Thanks again W! Hope to see them again soon!!!!! :)	
Dec 15 2008 	Fantastic place!	We don't understand the negative reviews here AT ALL! We absolutely loved this hotel and would definitely recommend it to anyone! The service was fantastic, the rooms are gigantic for any city, let alone New York. The beds are super comfortable. The only minor negative issue is the small bathroom, which is really kind of laughable. But the perfect Bliss amenities make up for it! We didn't eat in the restaurant, preferring to have breakfast in one of the various diners in the area. We did have a few drinks at the bar before going out, which was fine, not spectacular.The people behind the reception and the general manager were all very very helpful. There's a free car service which can whoosh you around town if you give them enough notice.We will definitely come back when we're back in New York!	
Dec 4 2008 	One for the NO STAY list	This property is scuffed and dingy in places, scarcely worthy of the W name. A grim lobby and no gym in house round out the picture.However, what is really the problem (and this is an off-and-on issue for me at W properties) is the fatal nonchalance of some of the front line personnel. I am a grown-up and I understand that problems crop up. Hospitality is a complex and difficult business. I get that. Just tell me you are sorry and send me a little pot of tea and some cookies. Or if the cookies bite into your margins too much, just say you are sorry with sincerity, and follow up. That will do it 99% of the time for me. Not in the offing here.	
Dec 1 2008 	Nice "Little" W	I was more than a little apprehensive about The Court after some of the reviews here, but I got a great deal with Starwood points and cash, and the location's great (3 blocks from Grand Central, easy walk all to Macy's, down to Union Square, back from west of Times Square at night, etc), so I decided to stick it out and see what happens. Man am I glad I did! From the second we walked up out front, everything was awesome! The doorman was friendly and checkin was quick and easy. Even got an upgrade to, I'm guessing, a mini-suite, thanks to my status with SPG. The room was stylishly furnished, fully equipped, and, contrary to what some other reviewers have written, perfectly clean. Sure, I wish the double window had a view of the Chrysler Building rather than a fairly grungy block of Lexington Avenue, but that's not a huge deal - Not like we were going to spend time sitting at the desk looking out the window. Upon entering the room into a short foyer, we found a nook off to the left with the minibar and a closet, and plenty of room for our two small suitcases in between them. To the right was a sitting area with a chair and ottoman, then the king bed - Probably seven feet from that side of the bed to the wall. On the other side of the bed, it was proably about three feet to the desk up against the windows. The bath, not including the space taken up by the tub, was about seven feet by six, and had a nice large (frosted) window, that actually opens! The Bliss bath products aren't really to my taste, but they did the job. We used the free ride Acura service to head out and do some shopping - No hassle, nice touch. Later, heading back in to drop off our purchases before dinner, found the complimentary cocoa in the &quot;Living Room&quot; to be a nice welcome back/ Getting back in after a night on the town, it was apparent that Wet, the bar off the lobby, is a bit of a scene - Loud music, younger crowd than our 40-something selves. The front desk folks when we were checking in earlier had mentioned, though, that Audrey, the bar next door at the W Tuscany, was alot more peaceful and &quot;grownup&quot;. Back up in the room, we had no problem with noise from other rooms or the hallway - Of course, we had knocked back a good deal of libations all night, so we might not have noticed anyway! In the morning, of course, we needed some coffee pretty badly - Called room service for a pot, was told it would be up within twenty minutes. It showed up not even eight minutes after I placed the order! On our way out, a staff member offered to store our bags, and, after we said we're just going to head home, then offered us a ride. It was nice to see we wouldn't have even had to ask. We had, obvioulsy, a much different experience with The Court than many other reviewers here, a really great experience. We would absolutely consider staying here again the next time we're in NYC!	
Nov 28 2008 	Stay Away from this Sack of ***** hotel!!	I've stayed at W Hotels in NYC before--usually they are glamorous, a little crowded, but comfortable. This time I found a good rate at the W The Court at which I had not stayed before. EWWWW!!!!! It was shabby, dirty--a real fleabag with a few fake fur throws for &quot;glamour&quot;. Even the much vaunted W Wonderful bed was sagging and the sheets never felt clean. Tiny windows opened on an airshaft. Worst of all, I had to beg and plead with management to get someone to make up my room (it was all my fault, supposedly, because i had left the Do Not Disturb sign on the door until noon). Oh, and no room to put anything in bathroom. What a mess! $250 per night is good for manhattan, but I would have done better sleeping on a friend's sofa and buying them a nice thank-you gift with the money. Dreadful! Awful! Don't stay there!!	
Nov 26 2008 	Terrible service in an otherwise adequate hotel	First off, the rooms and the lobby are actually quite nice (except for the picture frames falling off the wall in the room). The BLISS bath products are a nice bonus. BUT ... the service at this hotel was TERRIBLE. We got there early and needed to leave our bags so we could go to a play. It took forever for the gentleman to come take our bags, and we were nervous about missing our show.When we returned and checked in, we asked for the bags to be brought up to our room. THIS NEVER HAPPENED. Instead one of us came down to the lobby, FOUND OUR UNATTENDED BAGS, and just took them! The staff never even noticed that the bags were gone.... meaning that ANYONE could have taken the bags.But wait, there's more. I booked a suite. There were no sheets for the foldout sofabed. It took 45 minutes for the requested sheets to come. The springs of the sofabed, meanwhile, were all over the ground and the mattress was terrible.Next we asked for towels. ONE HOUR.And finally, I got charged for a roll out bed! I paid for a suite. And when I brought this to the attention of the agent - she was extraordinarily rude! &quot;Well you asked for a roll out bed&quot; she said. I most certainly did not! And while she was trying to take the charge off, I informed her of the luggage fiasco, AND SHE DID NOT EVEN FLINCH.	
Nov 11 2008 	Good location - Fair experience / Not great value for money	Not bad at all. Its not the Gramercy Park, or St Martins Lane in London, but then its a lot cheaper. I think the main consideration is are you getting value for money? Its a simple hotel. Essentially a bar with rooms on top of it. Does the house music and scented candles in the lobby mean you are happy to pay 35% more than elsewhere. The answer is probably. Good sized rooms, simple decor, bathrooms a little tired, but hey, your in NYC who can complain. I think on my next trip i might opt out of the hip hotel thing and stay somewhere a little cheaper, probably much the same overall and be done with. The conciege are pretty good, but avoid the bar, its a bit protentious (and im a londoner!) and vastly overpriced. Overall, good stay, great location.	
Oct 30 2008	Can be a good value. Good location. Comfortable.	You can get some excellent deals at this hotel depending on your dates, and it is a better value than the other Ws in NYC. Service is very good all around -- friendly and efficient.Location is terrific. It was close to my business meeting, but it is walking distance to Times Square and the major shopping areas. Grand Central Station is only a few blocks away.Very clean and comfortable rooms. Quiet as well.I had an upgrade, so I imagine the regular rooms are smaller, but by NYC standards the size of the rooms is quite good.The flat screen HD plasma is great, and the IPod dock is welcomed. The beds are very comfortable, and the cosmetic amenities are fine.Breakfast prices are predictably outrageous, but I got a breakfast sandwich from the corner store on the next block and just brought it back and sat in the very comfortable lounge to eat it. There are many breakfast options in the surrounding blocks. Apples and fruit infused water at reception desk.	
Oct 26 2008 	Great Room for NYC	First, I'll say that I booked this hotel on a Travelzoo special &amp; got the room at pretty much 50% of the hotel's normal rate. There is no way that I would have paid the normal rate. That said, by NYC standards, this was a great room! I couldn't believe how big the room was! We stayed in a &quot;spectacular room&quot; with 2 queen beds, on the 10th floor facing Lexington Ave. Nice flat screen TV with DVD player, ipod dock, super comfy beds, unbelievably large walk in closet, nicely decorated. The bathroom was big enough for 2 girls to get ready &amp; well stocked with yummy smelling bliss products. The bathrooms did feel a little old. Definitely felt like a boutique hotel. The restaurant wasn't quite our taste, but there were some great options right across the street -- Deli, Japanese, Thai, Chinese &amp; Italian within 30 paces. Also, only a 5 min walk to Grand Central terminal &amp; all the food joints there.There is broadband in the rooms &amp; free WIFI in the &quot;livingroom&quot; AKA the lobby. You can also ask to borrow a laptop from the front desk for use in the lobby -- thought that was a great little service.The bar in the lobby was quite a happening little spot on Fri &amp; Sat nights. Drinks were pricey, but, hey, it is NYC. The bar's high energy dance pop was pumped through the lobby and elevators all day making every trip feel like a mini dance party. If there were cameras in the elevator, I'm sure the watchers got a good laugh out of our silly elevator booty shaking.Few areas for improvement: the bathrooms, as previously mentioned, and the elevators sometimes took 5-10 minutes to get. Frustrating when you're on the 10th floor. Lexington Ave is also quite noisy with taxi horns and sirens. If you're a light sleeper, I'd recommend some earplugs.Overall, I'd definitely recommend this to a friend and/or stay here again without hesitation.	
Oct 21 2008 	Be carefull	We had a suite -- the room was a very nice size but the &quot;pull-out sofa bed&quot; unusable and the cushions all ripped. The bathtub didn't drain properly, so you were standing in water immediately upon taking a shower. Room service was fast and courteous. Unfortunately, a watch (not super-nice but not cheap, either) went missing from our room. Our fault for not using the safe, but still, put a damper on things.	
Oct 13 2008 	Fabulous Hotel	I was very impressed with the W-Court. The check in process was smooth and the service was impeccable. My gold status was acknowledged at check in and I was offered an upgraded room. It had lots of space and plenty of amenities.Concierge Barbara had great suggestions and her attention to detail was much appreciated.Also took advantage of the Acura car service. This is a fantastic service and really was the icing on the cake. I highly recommend using this service.The location was residential but within walking distance to the subway. It was nice and quiet in the evenings.I would definitely stay here again and recommend this hotel to others.	
Oct 8 2008 	Loved the W Courtbb	Other people who have posted about shabbiness at the W Court must have been in vastly different rooms from the one I stayed it. My room was sophisticated and spacious (2 queen beds, walk in closet, ample bathroom, good desk, sense of humor in amenities). I was delighted at every turn! The Internet access was fast and it was very easy to work in the room. My teenage daughter and her friend were with me (I was on business, they were there for fun) loved it too. Just the right amount of attitude, style and comfort. Loved it!	
Sep 28 2008 	Shabby Faded Needs Refurbishment	I spent two nights at the W for business and was very disappointed. Thankfully, the client was paying, because at the price, it was worth about half of what was charged.First, everything is worn and needs replacing. Desks, beds, chairs, lamps, etc. all show multiple bruises and scratches from years of hard use. Second, the elevators are tiny and slow--you will spend 10 minutes minimum waiting for an elevator. The secret is to stay on a low level floor so you can walk down!Third, the bathroom is small and the plumbing needs replacing. The tub has serious drainage problems, and the showerhead water pressure is non-existant.Fourth, the food from room service is awful. Bland, sparse, and overpriced. You get a better breakfast from mid-brand hotel chains at half the price!Lastly, there is nothing boutique-y about The Court. You feel as if you are in any other large, faceless hotel. There is absolutely no individual charm or nuance.When I was in Business School 10 years ago, the W hotels were the coolest places to stay on interviews and work trips. Now, everyone has moved on to the Mandarin Oriental. Until Starwood announces a chain-wide revamping of their tarnished W brand, I will be staying away!	
Sep 27 2008 	Faultless!	I actually cannot describe the standard of this place!It was amazing, Ive stayed in many 5 star hotels but this outshines them all and its not even 5 star!!! I cant explain how people at the front desk &amp; concierge go above &amp; beyond to help you and make your stay perfect!Ive read a lot of reviews against it but I am so glad I didnt listen to them,in fact all those negative reviews are why I decided to write this! it is a trendy boutique hotel in an amazing location.Saying that I wouldnt recommend it to older people as they may not get the decor, the atmosphere and the chillin!The room itself was enormous and it was only a basic one, huge bed, massive flatscreen, minibar, IPOD CHARGER &amp; SPEAKERS!! and a beautiful bright bathroom, our internet wouldnt work but we only asked if we had to pay a fee or something (found out later we did!) we werent complaining just enquiring but because we even had to wonder they sent up 2 bottles of wine &amp; strawberries, how much more out of the way can these people go for their customers??I would completely recommend it, its a hidden gem!	
Sep 17 2008 	FANTASTIC CHOICE....GREAT LOCATION	Stayed at the W The Court in New York as a last minute descision, changing from the New York Helmsley....and what a fabulous choice!!After problems checking in...only because my travel agent had only booked in 1 person instead of 3, the hotel gave us a free upgrade to a suite. All of the hotel staff are extremely friendly, the hotel is immaculately clean, location is fantastic....just a few minutes walk from Grand Central. Nothing is too much for the staff.....whatever/whenever!!Hotel restaurant is a little pricey but is fabulous, and the hotel bar is a great place to relax and unwind.....however the atmosphere changes about 11pm when the locals come in and it gets very lively and is great fun!!Overall, i cannot fault the hotel and would love to stay again in the future.	
Sep 7 2008 	Nice...BUT!	I chose this hotel based on price fro a SPG hotel. I was in town riding the NYS Century Bike Tour. I booked via SPG.com and got the Wildplay Package( 2 cocktails and free parking). Service was great. Concierge and Hotel staff, Valet guys were great. I had to ask for Room upgrade, apparently SPG card holders are low on the todem pole fro Auto Upgrades. W Hotels card holders come first, then SPG holders.Very Chic and New Age type atmosphere, very cool and dark.Room- Very large for NY standardsNeeds updating, nice big 42 inch Flat screen, Awesome bed. Bathroom Needs updating. Bliss products. Very this walls, could hear several people getting LUCKY!Wet Bar- Way too expensive. Mojito $15!!!! Cool atmosphere. Female bartender alittle to high maintanence. This place does not get going till 11pm or after.They did give me Late Checkout @ 3pm, which was nice. Would probably not stay here agien though. Nice place for Couples and singles, definitely not for kids!!Valet Parking is 60$ PLUS $11 tax on parking, most expensive that I've seen EVER.	
Aug 20 2008	W hotels are slipping	Issues:Room: Visible,dirty water stains all over ceiling.Shower was old and not very well done. Water leaked all over the place from shower.None of the phones worked. Could not call front desk,etc and had 2 cordless phones.Towels that should have been replaced/thrown out ages ago.Hotel bar is small and whatever	
Aug 12 2008 	Great value and service	I wondered about reserving when I saw some of the comments, but am happy to report an overall above average experience. All the staff were wonderful -- helpful, friendly, knowledgeable, respectful. The room was *away* larger than I expected in NYC for the price. We ate in the restaurant one night and found it good as well. Again, the waiter was top flight, service good, and the food above average for a mid-price hotel restaurant. Highly recommended.	
Jul 16 2008 	Not a great room for the price	Although the W is seen as an upscale hotel, I did not like it. I thought the people were rude and my room was awful. Not only could I hear people next door because the walls were so thin, I had holes in my sheets. For the price I paid I hoped I could get something a little better, but I was very dissapointed.	
Jul 8 2008 	Really nice romantic	My wife and I stayed at W The Court over the 4th of July weekend, and it was our favorite stop. Great neighborhood, GREAT view of the Chrysler building (beautiful), bright and spacious room, hi-def TV, DVD collection to borrow from for free, etc. We were on one of the higher floors, and we liked our room so much we stayed in one morning and watched a movie instead of going out and seeing the sights. If you need to get around, it's less than a 10 minute walk to Grand Central Station.This was our second W in New York, and in our opinion the service and ambiance are great. We would stay here again.	
Jun 27 2008 	Whatever	RECENTLY WE HAD A VERY DISAPPOINTING STAY AT THE W-COURT IN NEW YORK. I RECEIVED AN EMAIL FROM THEM UPON OUR RETURN, ASKING IF ANYTHING HAD BEEN &quot;LESS THAN PERFECT&quot;. BELOW IS MY RESPONSE TO THEM - SENT 24 HOURS AGO, WHICH HAS NOT BEEN RESPONDED TO BY THEM:We travel quite extensively, and were very disappointed with the W-Court!.......... We had reserved a &quot;spectacular suite&quot; for 5 nights and had requested a view. First off, we were very disappointed with the condition of the suite. It looked like an old apartment that needed a rehab: chipped paint, burned out light bulbs, view of walls, and a shower that did not drain. In addition, the rollaway we had requested for our son turned out to be a very uncomfortable deflated air mattress, and the sofa bed was also of the poorest quality and very uncomfortable. We did manage to get the light bulbs replaced and the shower drain taken care of the next morning, however nothing else was addressed. I had phoned the front desk on the morning after arrival and explained my frustration to someone who didn't seem to care a whole lot and said she would have a manager call me on my cell phone. Hours passed without a response. We called back, only to find that there was NO record of our prior phone call, and were told that if we were unhappy we could check out the next morning. Is this what the W means by &quot;whatever, whenever&quot;?It seemed more like just &quot;whatever&quot;!So we decided we were stuck with the accommodations as they were, but did request that we at least get a real rollaway to replace the deflated air mattress. This request was finally handled, but unfortunately the rollaway was unbearably uncomfortable, so our son slept on the overly soft chaise lounge which was in the living area. The icing on the cake was your &quot;security department&quot;. After checking out, I called to inquire if a camera had been turned in, as it had come to our attention when we packed up that we were missing a digital camera. The receptionist offered to connect me to security, which turned out to be a voice mail. I left a detailed explanation, with my name and cell phone number, asking if it may have been turned in, and also wanting to inform the hotel on the off chance that it could have been taken from the room. Again, no response to my phone call. Overall it was a very disappointing stay, and has really left a bad impression on us for W Hotels.	
May 5 2008 	Whatever to "Whatever Whenever!"	We recently stayed at W: The Court for a Bachelorette Weekend. Many of our friends live in the city and the bride lived in Manhattan for years. As such, we liked the location, which is moreso on the edge of Murray Hill. I don't know if the location would work so much if you have never been to NYC and plan to do the tourist sites. I have stayed at many W properties and always appreciate their unique and hip design as well as their attention to fun details. We stayed in a suite and it was very nicely sized with &quot;okay&quot; decor. (some of it looked a little rough around the edges as did the tile in the bathroom, etc.) The bathroom was kind of tiny for the size of the room and the walk in closet, but that is to be expected from a New York hotel! That all being said, I will focus on the service. It was truly truly terrrrrible! The front desk people were 1) openly rude, 2) would stare at you blankly when asked a question, 3) would direct us to &quot;hold on&quot; for a second while they chatted or answered lengthy telephone calls. The service people would have to be asked three times (at minimum) to bring up a sewing kit or a couple of plates. Truly painful. For example, it literally took an Act of Congress to leave a key for a friend who was arriving later with luggage to store in the room. After 20 questions as to whether this person was a guest (and therefore requiring a 50.00 charge to stay in the room), we were scolded about the potential of the key being de-magnitized by her! It was very odd. We had lunch in the restaurant and the food was fine, but again, the service was a disaster. It became a joke by the end of the trip that the W's touted &quot;Whatever Whenever&quot; should just be &quot;Whatever!&quot;	
Apr 21 2008 	Very Comfy in a Quiet Location	I've stayed at many W Hotels around the country; this one is nothing spectacular, but it's really nice in its own way. It's smaller and quieter than the other W's (esp. W Union Square or Times Square!) but the decor is just as smart and the staff is just as pleasant. For some reason the Starwood website offered this hotel for $220 a night!! So we booked it and were glad we did.The hotel was participating in a promotion with Acura automobiles. Each guest was entitled to a complimentary ride anywhere in Manhattan during his stay. Saves money on taxis and subway! I think the promotion runs through December.Location is just 3 blocks from the subway or an easy walk from Penn Station.	
Mar 28 2008 	Good Hotel very central	This was our first trip to New York for our 10th wedding anniversary, so we were excited to be in the city.The hotel reception was small and dark but atmospheric, the desk staff, very friendly. When the receptionist discovered where we had travelled from (Ireland), she upgraded our room from &quot;a Wonderful room&quot; to &quot;a Spectacular Room&quot;.To be honest, I wouldn't have called the room spectacular, but it was fine. As with most city hotels, the room was small, but nicely decorated, and had everything you could expect, large screen HD TV (which we didn't use except to see how the storm in NY would affect us), nicely appointed bathroom, room safe, Etc.We didn't eat in the hotel, so I can't comment on the dining facilities, but the bar looked like a hip and trendy place to be, especially on the weekend nights.The location of the hotel is fantastic, on a cross street between Lexington Ave and Park Ave, right beside Grand Central and the Chrysler Building. We like walking, so walked all over Manhattan, New York is a great city to do that.Overall, the staff were very friendly and did anything they could to help you out, the place was well appointed if a bit small, and the hotel helped us enjoy the whole NYC experience.	
Feb 18 2008 	Great Hotel - a bit cramped	We're a family of four, kids 10 and 14, staying overnight for night out in NYC. Could not get doubles so asked for a King and a cot. Pleasantly surprised to find out that we had doubles when checking in. The service was excellent. Blue Fin had good sushi. The rooms are small, we kept stepping over each other. Overall a very good experience but probably will not come back since we'll need more space.	
Dec 21 2007 	Nice Staff doesn't make up for Cheap Rooms	I stayed at W Union Square, the Times Square hotel and the Court on 39th Street. BIG MISTAKE TO STAY AT THE COURTThe Court, I can't even believe this is a W! I've traveled to a lot of high end hotels with work and on vacations and Ws are always my first choice. The bellmen are sweet but one of the guys is so old, I felt bad &amp; politely refused his help with my luggage. The girls at the front desk were sweet and the girl set me up with an upgrade. I was so disgusted when I walked into my room! The bathroom trash hadn't been emptied, the bed spread was not done, the sheets were stained in areas and none of the lights worked. The second room I got, the bathtub wouldn't drain and I heard ALL the noise from the street. I called to complain to the manager and some lady told me that the noise is typical of NY. Can you believe it?! Almost $400 a night and I was basically told to &quot;deal&quot;!I work a lot with people in this industry so I know not to overreact or you won't get the response you want. But seriously, do they think nice staff will make up for cheap shabby rooms? Don't get me wrong, when I called to talk to the girl at the front desk, she sounded sincere and embarrassed. Her manager was another story. I decided to drop it and just make the most of my trip anyway.When I checked out, I had all these minibar charges and I called to speak to a manager. I got the same lady! I explained to her that I DO NOT drink and that there was no way I could have used it. I also reminded her about the problems I had while I was there and she said she couldn't remove the charges but she would award me frequent stay points. SERIOUSLY?!	
Dec 11 2007 	Liked it but bad location.	My husband and I booked this hotel thru Starwoods. The hotel was nice, beautiful lobby and lounge area. Our room was furnished well, but when it came down to it, it was just a cramped New York hotel room with nice furniture in it. They didn't make it as nice as it seemed they wanted to. The only exception was the bathroom. It was fantastic!The Bliss spa products were great too!My biggest problem was the location. There weren't a lot of little shops, cafes, restaurants etc, in the area. When we booked it we were torn between the Court and the Union Square location. We decided on the Court because we wanted to be closer to the show we were going to attend. ( The theatre was off Times Square) Since we ended up taking a cab to the theatre anyway we should have just gone with Union Square. That was where we ended up spending most of our time. There was way more to do in that area and it's a charming place to walk around.Overall the W hotel experience was great, but I would choose Union Sqaure next time.	
Nov 23 2007 	Good location great suite size and overall as expected	A wonderful place to stay with friends or if you're a young couple. I love the ambiance at the W, but it's not for everyone - such as the 75 yr. old man that we spoke with in the elevator who was disturbed by the &quot;loud, banging lounge music&quot;. It's trendy, urban and like most Ws, has a lounge/bar area that gets crowded with 20-30 somethings looking to mingle after work and on the weekends. We booked a suite for four girls which was 750 sq ft. It was huge - two rooms separated by a short hallway, both with their own flat screen TVs. From reading the reviews it seems the regular rooms were tiny, so the suite is the way to go! They have wonderfully soft beds and great bathroom amenities. The heater/AC unit makes a bit of noise but not as bad as the cars outside during rush hour traffic. Typical NY noise which I imagine is worse at the Times Square location.I like this location because it's not smack in the middle of a tourist area, but is really close to the subway, Park Ave, and restaurants so you're never far from what you need.	
Nov 22 2007	It's NY!	I took my mother to NYC for her 85th birthday and I needed a hotel centrally located so that she didn't have to walk long distances. She and I were definitely much older than the W's target market but we had a great time nonetheless. When we walked into the lobby, the lights were low and the music from the bar was blasting but we just laughed. Check in took no time at all and the staff couldn't have been more friendly. It was a very small lobby with a very short walk to a very quick elevator to a relatively small room, but it's NY! Space is at a premium and the W did a lot with a little space. The beds were comfortable, we had a chair in the room and a closet and a nice flat screen TV. The bathroom was small but certainly adequate and had great toiletries, so for $399 per night, it was pretty good value...for NY! Location for us was perfect and we had a fabulous weekend.	
Nov 9 2007 	Great Hotelwould be wonderful if someone turned the lights on in the lobby.	This Hotel was really good had read some bad reviews so was suprised by room etc maybe not a 4* as stated but central to 5th ave and EmpireState good bed and nice room only problem I had was the darkness in reception but maybe at 40 im not hip or cool enough to appreciate thissort of ambience anymore. Stayed 4 nights and could have stayed for more in NY and in hotel.	
Nov 7 2007	Great location great service and nice rooms	Great location. I had a nice room on 5th floor overlooking the street. Very comfortable and in great shape. It was also pretty reasonable at that time.	
Nov 6 2007	Hated the Place	Took my wife for a special birthday celebration to NY (her first time) and wanted it to be special so I paid $550 per night not including taxes for a spectacular room at the W Court. When I booked through the W Hotel website, I was told that this was the nicer property than either the W Tuscany or the W Hotel on Lexington. As I found out later, I probably should have stayed at the Tuscany or perhaps not at the W at all. The lobby is very dark and small, which having read some of the reviews, I agree that it is probably to hide the many imperfections and the generally old and unkept look of the hotel. The room was small and had only enough room for a kingsize bed, a writing table, and a chair. I asked for a nice view and did get to see the Chrysler building through the only window in the room which probably measured 3 feet by 3 feet. The bathroom was very small but the best part was the fact that both the sink and the bathtub drained so slowly that I had water up to my calves upon finishing my bath. I had to call the desk to get someone to fix it, which they did. During the third time I was at the front desk to get my room keycard changed, because I could not get into my room, I even overheard that someone was checked out of her room by the front desk, who thought she had left even though she still had a day left in her reservation. There were simply too many little things which added up to a not so spectacular experience for us. Having paid what I considered to be a high price, I certainly could have justified it with good service or at the very least a decent room, but there was not a single redeeming part of my time at this hotel which I could point to which could have salvaged what turned out to be a terrible experience. I have been in many fine hotels over the years, both for business and for pleasure, but this was by far the worst value for my money. Don't go there....this is the first time I have ever slagged a business online but I am doing so because I used all these types of review websites extensively to make my decision to go there in the first place, and I think people should know before they decide to spend their hard-earned money on places that don't deserve the business.	
Nov 3 2007 	Great on the surface... but smell the sheets first!	Guest room was in good condition overall, however there were a number of scratches and scuff marks on some of the items of wooden furniture in room, namely the desk and also the chest of drawers in the closet area. In the bathroom, the air vent on the floor is coming apart. There were noticeable faded white stains on the chaise and also on the armchair in the bedroom. The plastic looked as though it was about to fall off and there was an unsightly wire sticking out from the side of it. The window frame in the bathroom also has paint marks around the edges and looks worn and old. The cordless phone in the room was also not working. I could not get a dial tone no matter which buttons or line I pressed.There were a few small glitches in the public areas of the hotel. There were a number of finger marks , nicks and scuff marks on the glass doors at the entrance to the hotel. It needed a good polish and a wipe down. When I first arrived, one of the lifts wasn't working and an engineer was busy repairing it with his tools strewn across a wide area of the lobby. Towards the end of the evening, both lifts were working but were in need of a good vacuum. They were filthy inside and had dirt, pieces of dropped paper and even a piece of trodden-in chewing gum was stuck to the carpet. Overall, I felt that the room at this hotel was excellent in terms of its size and decor - the bed was soft, the shower was powerful and clean - the TV’s were large and had great sound... but I also felt there were a number of teething troubles when it came to the service which does not yet fully meet the standards that &quot;W&quot; aim for.Essentially, there appears to be a lack of communication between the staff here leading to unnecessary delays and confusion for the guests. For example, the extra towels were not delivered to my room because there was a mix-up over which room they were to go to. Nobody in the hotel thought to inform me that my request was not going to be fulfilled. When it came to the Whatever/Whenever request for mouthwash in the middle of the night, this was also not completed because the talent couldn't find the item I was looking for. In New York, the city that never sleeps, getting hold of an item from a pharmacy in the early hours of the morning is probably one of the easiest things to accomplish, yet the hotel fell short on this occasion. There was also confusion at the front desk as to when breakfast was served. I asked the Welcome Agent, Jennifer, who informed me that breakfast was served from 8am. However, in the W Hotel guest information in the room, it states that the meal is served from 7am. When I pointed this out to Jennifer, she apologized. She had made the mistake in thinking that it was a weekend rather than a weekday. One other small, but slightly irksome error, was the special car service the hotel were promoting - the Acura Driving Service. Joe at the front desk had informed us that the car service was available from 7am in the morning. This turned out to be false too. The car service actually begins at 8am! Such mistakes could easily be forgiven, however my guest was planning her Monday morning commute to work and planned on taking the car at 7am. To find that it was not running when we had specifically been told the night before that it would be, was most infuriating.When Jennifer told us that the car was not running, we did not receive any kind of apology. Her tone and attitude were not that of someone who was showing any kind of empathy or understanding. She also didn't even bother to offer to book us some other form of transportation. She showed a kind of &quot;just deal with it&quot; attitude. It caught both me and my guest off guard somewhat. It is not the kind of service once expects from a relatively small boutique hotel such as this - perhaps from larger hotels maybe, but not at the W, surely?That said, once such small-ish problems are ironed out, and the service becomes more polished, this will become a more pleasant hotel to stay in.	
Oct 23 2007	tiny rooms!	We had a suite to prepare for our wedding. It was really just two small rooms linked by a door. Not worth the money!	
Oct 6 2007 	beware--stay away from rooms facing 39th Street!	My husband &amp; I took a short weekend trip to Manhattan (Sept. 23, 07). We usually stay in the lower part of the city, but decided to try The W--the Court--b/c we got the Medium-sized room for $270.00 a night &amp; the reviews on Trip Advisor were decent (about the same at the Hudson--which we're familiar with). I would not stay there again because of the following complaints: I believe our room was No. 510--overlooking 39th Street. I read a post before we booked saying how noisy this place was, but I just shrugged it off thinking maybe other people were not used to the sound of the city. I'm used to the sound of traffic, etc.. That kind of noise does not bother me at night. However, the bar in the lobby faces 39th Street and its patrons were outside screaming and yelling until 4am! It sounded like our room was on top of a fraternity house. The noise was so loud that I could even hear it over the nasty old air conditioner (which was also pretty noisy). I had to keep the AC on to mufflle the noise coming from the bar. As such, I barely slept the first night we were there. I requested ear plugs for the second night. Keep in mind, there's a sign at the Concierge's desk that says W--Whatever...Whenever. The person I spoke to said they'd send up the ear plugs, but they never did. Then someone else said they don't have ear plugs. They couldn't have cared less about my sleepless night. So I requested a room change, but they said the hotel was full. They said they'd get back to me about the ear plugs, but never did. Obviously, I bought my own ear plugs for the second night, but I would have expected them to have provided them for me--at the very least.The room was a decent size &amp; clean, but the bathroom was old and deteriorated. The tub had a dingy grey stain on the bottom of it and the water wouldn't drain after showering. I wouldn't even think of actually taking a bath in it. Also, there were NO OUTLETS in the bathroom--which made it impossible to dry your hair in front of the bathroom mirror. There was no vanity space for your products, make-up, etc.. This was annoying. In addition, the windows in the room were so dirty that we could barely see out of them. As stated eariler, the room was a decent size, but the bathroom was a piece of crap. But for the space immediately around the bed, the rest of the room was useless. We had a large walk-in closet and a ton of extra room around the mini-bar area (which would have been a perfect place for a mirror and outlet b/c there was a large counter over the mini-bar area), but there were no outets in this part of the room. Which made it difficult to use the ironing board. As such, this space was just wasted, They should have expanded the bathroom into this wasted space. This room is in dire need of a make-over. I also didn't like this location (Murray Hill) because everything we wanted to do was in lower Manhattan. We wasted too much time traveling back and forth to the hotel. Although, there is a great orgainic/diner style sushi restaurant near the hotel called Josie's. The sushi was delicious and the organic wine was very tasty. The hotel itself was clean though &amp; had a nice fresh scent pumping through the halls. And the bar (Wet Bar) was a great place to have drinks before dinner. The lobby is way too tiny, but its clean and nicely decorated.	
Aug 27 2007 	Low key for "W Hotel" but very nice nevertheless	I stayed at the W New York - The Court for one night on 08/25. I arrived at 9:00 am and was surprised to find that they had a room ready for me. The room was nicely appointed with a flat panel screen television, a chaise lounge chair, nice bed, etc. Having stayed at other W Hotels in New York (the W on 541 Lexington Ave, and the W Times Square), I noticed that this one did not have the &quot;scene&quot; that the others had. The lobby is very low key and it does not seem to function as a meeting place for hotel guests. One feature of this hotel where this W location receives &quot;brownie points&quot; is the free one-way car service. This is perhaps the best kept secret of the hotel. I did not find out about it until I asked the concierge for restaurant recommendations and then she casually mentioned that their &quot;car&quot; or the &quot;minivan&quot; could drop me off at the restaurant. The car turned out to be a black S-class Mercedes. Very nice ride. The driver dropped me off and I took a taxi back after dinner. The next day, I had the driver drop me off at the Port Authority to catch the bus to shop at the outlets. This was a pleasant surprise and so I tipped both the driver and the concierge generously for letting me in on this secret. Overall, great stay and I would stay here again, although I do wish the lobby area was a more happening scene.	
Aug 21 2007 	Nice location great service ageing hotel with thin walls.	Usual &quot;W&quot; chic appeal with an excellent midtown location, close to everything, but its nicer because its located in a quieter part of town. Pros included large room, flat screen tv, nice views, amazing service at the front desk/concierge/maidstaff. The room design was nice, but on the dark side of colors.Cons are definetly an ageing hotel with random carpet stains on the hallways, rooms, elevators. The paint seems old and tired in the hotel and rooms also. Layout of the rooms are a little weird too. Thin walls mean you can hear EVERYTHING, something to worry about when people start chatting in the hallway late at night drunk. Mold near the air conditioner and in the closet. DONT eat at the restaurant - really bad food, high prices.	
Jul 23 2007 	Nice Midtown Location- Hotel Nothing Special	Stayed at the W Court for 4 nights recently for a long weekend. The location is great if you are looking for a nice central Midtown location but far enough away from the touristy Times Square area. Everything else was just OK/fine. The room was clean, bed was fine; bathroom was fine (toliet was cracked); windows were quite dirty. There isn't really a typical W 'scene' at this hotel either. It's really just a fine place to park your stuff &amp; catch some zzzsOverall, if you can get a good price and like a quiet boutique hotel, I wouldn't hesitate to stay here, but don't expect luxury or the typical W atmosphere.	
Jul 17 2007 	Bad Service is not that hip	We stayed one night at the W Court and the next at the W Tuscany, which are literally side by side. We moved between the two because one was considerably less expensive than the other on Friday night and vice versa on Saturday night. This in itself is annoying, but so be it.My take on the W chain as a whole is that it considers that it's hip to be rude and inattentive. The W is the &quot;Dick's Last Resort&quot; of hotels, if that reference translates globally. You get bad service and that's supposed to be cool.Here were the snafus in just 2 nights. When, on Saturday morning, we checked out of the Court in order to check in at Tuscany next door, literally 15 feet door to door, we had the usual blackout window of noon checkout from the Court and 3 p.m. check-in at Tuscany, causing us to need to leave baggage one place or the other. The Court implored us to entrust it to them -- that they would physically take it over to the Tuscany (15 feet away). So we did just that. We spent the afternoon out and about and returned to the Tuscany at 6, planning to change clothes for the theatre that night. At check-in, we were told that our baggage hadn't been transferred over yet. We said we'd go retrieve it ourselves, but they insisted that we not, that it would be brought up promptly. At 6:45 we phoned down from the room and were told it would be forthcoming shortly. At 7:30 we took off for the theatre still in our jeans. We finally picked the bags up from the bell staff at 11 that night.It being our anniversary, we had the hotel put a bottle of champagne on ice in the room in the Tuscany, which was in place at 5 p.m. when we checked in on Saturday. We elected to wait to open it until we returned from the theatre later that night. At that point, however, the ice had melted and the bottle wasn't cool enough. To get ice at the W, you have to ring the front desk and wait, and then tip the deliverer, which is annoying. We rang and requested it, called again 30 and then 60 minutes later, and then after 90 minutes, when it was midnight, we called down to say &quot;forget it&quot; and went to bed.The next day around 11 a.m. we went through the same exercise all over again and after 90 minutes of nonresponsiveness, checked out, rushed to the airport, leaving the unopened bottle in the room.To be fair, the room is clean and the bed is comfy. But I've had more satisfactory stays at every Comfort Inn I've stayed in.	
Jul 4 2007	Wonderful W	My friend and I booked a long weekend in New York through Expedia. First impressions of the hotel were that the entrance was not immediately obvious but we were immediately given help from staff getting our bags from the cab - they did leave us when we said we could get to the room OK by ourselves. The lobby is quite dark and small but I liked the chocolate brown decor. The lobby smelled amazing as well as they had a burner of some sort and complimentary tea (not English breakfast but some aromatic stuff!). The staff were friendly and welcoming and checked us in quickly. The room was a decent size with satellite TV and a CD player and the most comfortable huge bed! The bathroom was quite old and a funny shape but fine for our needs. The complimentary Bliss toiletries and bathrobes were a nice touch, as was the daily newspaper delivered to the room. We had drinks in the bar area a couple of times returning from shopping as they had a gorgeous Christmas tree up - drinks are pricey in the bar though. The area the hotel is in is good, just round the corner from Grand Central Station, pretty central and easy to get anywhere so we got a shuttle from there back to the airport and had breakfast in Pershing Sq a couple of times. View from the window was of the Chrysler Building which we appreciated.The only comment I would make is that the radiator or whatever it was in our room was extremely noisy and did make noise in the night so would probably bother light sleepers - we were so tired that it wasnt a problem.	
Jun 22 2007 	Confirmed reservation my not mean room	I was coming in late Friday for a weekend stay. Because of my late arrival from across the country, I confirmed late check-in. I used their concierge to arrange my airport pickup, and even called from the airport prior to my departure to confirm my late check-in and car service.I arrived to find they had GIVEN MY ROOM AWAY! Not good news at 1:00am after travelling all day. There was a couple in line in front of me who was told to go there from another W, because they had rooms! Obviously I was very upset with the front desk, who couldn't have cared less at my inconvenience. They &quot;relocated&quot; me to another hotel for the night, but I was told I had to move back the next day! Just what I wanted to do on my holiday weekend!While no apologies were offered for the trouble, they did upgrade my room to a suite. The rest of the stay was fine, and the room, while dated, was comfortable. The bathroom was tiny, but I'm not sure that's unusual for NYC.Good location, but with the other options available in mid-town, this would definitely be low on my list.	
Jun 18 2007 	Pretty Good	Three of us recently stayed at the W The Court for a girls weekend in NYC. Overall we enjoyed our stay, the room was a good size and had two queen sized beds, which was perfect for three of us. The bathroom was tiny and felt old, but the Bliss toiletries were nice. The hotel is located in a relatively quiet part of town and offered a complimentary Acura service which was a nice touch (dropped us off at the train station when we checked out). The hotel bar was a great place to grab a drink. I think next time I would rather stay at the W Union Station since it has a better location for shopping.	
Jun 12 2007	A great hotel	Just stayed at the W The Court Hotel. Great location in mid-Mahattan. They offer a complimentary car service that will take you anywhere in the city (not p/u however). The Bliss Spa amenities were even appreciated by my husband. Staff were accommodating and room was very comfortable.	
Jun 5 2007	A great place to hold	In my quest to try all the Ws in NYC (so far Times Sq 7/10 and Lex 5/10), I booked the Court for a weekend getaway. I was rather pleased. The hotel is more subdued for W standards but still stylish. (The sister property next door, Tuscany, is even more low-key.) The lobby is appealing - looks like an inviting living room complete with a typewriter for the poets out there - as is the bar (Wetbar) which is part of the W-affiliated Whiskey Blue chain. Didn't try the restaurant but it looked appealing.I had the spectacular room which is a step up from the regular wonderful room. Very nice and comfortable with a good sized bathroom. There was even space for a loveseat next to the very comfortable bed. Room looked like the well furnished studio of a local rather than a bland hotel room. It also had the W standard 30'' HDTV LCD.Location is on the quiet side but a short walk takes you to Grand Central terminal.Check-in staff was very courteous and as usual room service was lightning fast. As a nice touch they had an Acura promotion and I got a free lift in a souped-up SUV to my dinner reservation.Overall, a very pleasant experience. Now off to Union Sq hopefully soon!	
May 21 2007 	Romantic hotel ...	Great hotel ... Our room was on the 16th (top) floor, with views over the Empire State Building. Some people complain about the wear-and-tear of the room: our room was perfect, airy, bright, and amazingly large for NYC (we had a corner room with 3 windows). Very very quiet for such a big city. Check-in was quick (less than 5 min) and efficient. Restaurant food is surprisingly tasty and original.	
May 5 2007 	Don't order room service	Hotel is cool but the room service meal was AWUFUL! Hallways are very dark but the room was fairly nice. They need to refinish all the furniture, lot of wear and tear on the room. Bathroom needed more cleaning. May stay there again for the location but the room itself was below average.	
May 1 2007 	great location	My husband and I recently stayed at the W Court for 4 nights and were pleased with our experience there. Above all, the location was the best feature of this hotel. We were able to walk everywhere we wanted to go, and the subway was very close when we needed it (no difficulty getting cabs either).Our room was MUCH larger than we anticipated (especially the bathroom!), which was a pleasant surprise. The room was clean, large, had a decent view. Our only complaint was the in hall noise level....the doors seem to be on a kind of spring and slam really loudly when left to close on their own. Also, we were beside the elevator which was very squeaky. Additionally, I found the plumbing from above to be rather loud (didn't bother my husband).We were pleased with the hotel staff, who were all polite and friendly. We had drinks at the WETBAR on a Thurs. night...nice atmosphere.My other favourite feature were the Bliss Spa products in the room. I loved the body butter so much that I walked up Lexington to the main spa facility and bought a big tube!All in all a lovely time!	
Apr 29 2007 	Great Hotel!	We stayed two nights at this hotel in January. The hotel was pretty funky. the service great. A very clean hotel in an old building. Rooms modern with plasma tv's.The only fault I found was there was not a coffee maker in the room - standard for W Hotels I'm told. But, there is a Starbucks a bloack and a bit away and a great breakfast cafe a block away as well.The restaurants in the area agr great....and they didn't fleece you either!The location was awesome. A couple of blocks from Grand Central Station and the Chrysler building and a couple of blocks the otherway to the Empire State building - must sees on most first time travellers lists.I would stay again at the rate we had!	
Apr 27 2007 	No Stars for This One	The front desk greeting was NOT the way to start our stay -- we were told they did NOT guarantee non-smoking -- not, &quot;we'll try&quot; -- and the attitude seemed to be &quot;how could you ask?&quot; rather than welcoming!! The room was a queen/queen (and WAS non-smoking) but did not have an updated bathroom -- tiny!! No turn-down, room service dishes in the hallways from 6 p.m. till 10 the next morning on several rooms on our floor. The room developed a water leak (no one's fault) we were moved IN A HURRY to a REALLY SHABBY, smaller room on the same floor -- told there was no Manager available, and no upgrades available but they'd &quot;try to see what they could do the next day.&quot; We stopped by the front desk that night after the theater and said we definitely wanted to be moved to a suite, and were told again they were fully booked. When we spoke with the front desk mgr the next morning and told her the second room was intolerable, she said she was really &quot;dismayed&quot; -- she had been on premises, and there was a suite set aside for us. &quot;Didn't you get the message?&quot; There was no message. There is a HUGE disconnect with the staff -- the manager acted as tho it was our fault we couldn't read their minds. We were moved -- again -- into a suite -- with a bathroom the size of a postage stamp!! It was insane -- three rooms in four nights, and two of them were REALLY not four-star experiences. I could go on and on -- with a couple of exceptions (there were two smiling faces at the front desk) -- the concierge was LESS than interested or helpful in suggesting restaurants -- NOT a good experience. We not charged for one night -- and received a preprinted apology note (which leads me to believe they apologize far too often) My friend left a day before I did -- then I escaped to a botique hotel a few blocks away -- have learned my lesson. The W ain't what it's cracked up to be.	
Apr 20 2007 	Nice Hotel but Nothing Spectacular	We booked 5 nights at the W Hotel as we wanted to stay in mid-town Manhattan and I had stayed in a couple of W hotels in New York around 4 years ago.The location of the hotel is excellent as you couldn't be more central and as my boyfriend and I were planning on seeing things all over Manhattan (Meatpacking District, Times Sq, Statue of Lib, Central Park) it was an ideal choice.We booked a suite which was very nice as we had a lounge and large bedroom and nice bathroom. It was almost too much space for us but with the dollar rate being good, the $250 per night rate didn't seem too extreme. I would have gone for a smaller room had I have known but no complaints!The bed was huge and there were all mod cons like flat screen massive TVs but the condition of the room wasn't excellent - the carpets had been shampood once too often and were a bit wavy and worn and there were a few cracks in the ceiling.The bar downstairs is gorgeous and very trendy but it was empty when we went - I think places like this were the place to be around 4-5 years ago (although to be honest with you, I don't know what's replaced the boutique style hotel so maybe this is as good as it gets?).Concierge service was fine (although no one in the building knew where we could ask the taxi to take us for the Ellis Island ferry - very strange! thank goodness the taxi driver knew!!).The Court is right next to the W Tuscany hotel and I believe they share a restaurant - don't know as didn't eat there. It does make you wonder when you're walking past though if you picked the right hotel (grass is always greener...?).Don't bother getting breakfast in the hotel, there's a gorgeous bagel shop right outside and you can get bagels, coffee and juice for 2 for about $10!Overall a good experience but I have been wowed by hotels in NYC too many times for this one to stand out. Stay for the location and don't splash out on an higher tier priced room.	
Apr 4 2007	Common areas a bit shabby	We had a weekend 3X2 deal in frosty mid February; arrived separately as I missed a flight from central Mexico; no one to help with the bags, so SO was upgraded to a &quot;fantastic&quot; room which was medium sized and quite adequate for the short stay.The common areas are worn and dirty. Location is great and, despite the cold, we walked nearly everywhere (ex: son/dil's house in Battery Park).We are returning to NYC in late May, but decided to stay at the Park South Hotel on 28th Street as few hotel bargains to be had in May.M	
Mar 22 2007 	The Pefect Hotel	Upgraded to the amazing suite (1101) with views out the living room of the Chrysler Building and out the bedroom of the Empire State, this stay was like being part of the cast of &quot;Sex in the City&quot; for a few days. From the welcome in the lobby to the tea and fresh fruit sent to my room to welcome me, the people who work at W-The Court know hospitality. Almost every request was met perfectly (and a few small ones weren't--but I spoke with them and they were easily corrected).The living room of this suite has two overstuffed chairs and a great leather sofa, with a widescreen LG HD TV. The bar area is out of the way and has a fridge with all of the (expensive) items. I went across the street and bought a bottle of Stoli and some olives---and the hotel sent up the ice and glasses for the martini complement to hte evening. Gazing out the windows and sipping a martini, I was able to browse through the numerous art books and magazines in the room--or listen to the CDs that I ordered from the &quot;Whenever/Whatever&quot; service (which also sent up a couple of great and very current DVD's to watch on the bedroom flat screen). The bathroom, while not large, was not small---and had a bathtub with great showerhead and instant hot. The products are by Bliss, and they are blissful. Lots of clean towels every day.The bedroom? A king-sized bed, with great sheets. The room could be made as dark as I wanted. The TV was also flatscreen. The CD/radio player needs improvement---an Ipod docking station would have been appreciated! But I hear they're putting satellite radio into all of the rooms so that'll be cool.And a walk-in closet! In Manhattan! With built-in cedar drawers, lots of wooden hangers, extra blankets and pillows, an iron and board. Cool lamps abound, making lighting the place for different moods easy. The lobby has free wireless, so you can avoid the $14.95 plus tax daily broadband in-room service--hopefully the hotel will go completely wireless soon so you don't have to sit in the lobby checking email while the after work crowd downs their cocktails in the uber cool (and very comfortable) lobby lounge, what they call the &quot;Living Room.&quot;One last note: the location is superb if you're game to use public transportation. Three blocks south of Grand Central gives you access to the eastside lines, the Times Square Shuttle, as well as easy mobility to transfer to crosstown lines.	
Feb 25 2007 	W Court - Fantastic W Hotel but noisy	The W Court (as well as the Tuscany) is on 39th St bet Lex and Park (going West). It's a great central location in central NYC. The dimly lit lobby and room fit the usual mood of the W chain. Room was spacious and comfortable, especially for the amazing $209 rate through [--]. Service was fantastic, from the bellhop to the room service. Only complaint is that the room faced Lex and was really noisy (and it was a Sat night). Would be useful to ask for a 'low noise' room.	
Jan 20 2007 	Great Location in NYC	I stayed here with my husband in January for two nights. Great location to visit many neighborhoods in NYC. Very swanky lobby and bar. The rooms are nicely decorated with a comfortable bed. The only critiques are that the elevators were slow and a few times there was a line. Also, we had to wait a long time for room service and our bags that were being held for us after we checked out. The staff was very nice. We would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Jan 18 2007 	Amazing Deal for the Suite - Wonderful Weekend @ the Court	I got a Fantastic Suite for only $330 a night - you cannot beat that anywhere in the city!My family and our friends just enjoyed a wonderful weekend (January 12-14) at the W Court. There were two couples with four children (ages 3-8) and we had a Fantastic Suite with an adjoining room. Between our two rooms we had three plasmas and this is the first time I actually watched Hi-definition feeds in a hotel (usually they have plasmas without the Hi-def). The Fantastic suite was very roomy (almost 700 square feet) and it was great that the couch pulled out into a bed for the kids. The Empire State Building hovers over the North side of the building. Since our room faced North it was right there, however you had to go up to the window and look up to see it – still, pretty cool. The food was good, the service was good and I was totally surprised to find a Mercedes S Class waiting outside to take me to the Four Seasons (lunch). I tipped him pretty good so I basically had the S Class on call all weekend. If you want to walk out of the hotel right into the action this is not the hotel for you. It’s a little more quiet neighborhood, but it was perfect for us. If you want a great Italian dinner try Salute right down the street. This W is right next door to the Tuscany – I’m not sure the difference, but the Court had the better bar scene at night – it was really going on while the Tuscany’s bar seemed dead. My only complaints the whole weekend were: the exterior windows need to be washed and it took about 1.5 hours for security to open the adjoining room.	
Jan 9 2007 	would have stayed for weeks	stayed 3 nights in the fantastic suite. very large suite, amazing bed, large flat-screen and comfy couches. 9th floor had wonderful views of the chrystler bldg and down lex ave. My only complaint is that check-in and elevators were painfully slow. otherwise great stay. would definitely go back on my next trip to NY.	
Dec 20 2006 	Wonderful W	the location was excellent, walking distance short to everywhere, but still in a quiet location, we had a beautiful room, luxurious and great beauty products, from Bliss. And the staff was very friendly.I wish I could always stat at W hotels but too $ for regular outings.	
Dec 18 2006 	W The Court: nice!	Nice rooms, great bedding, windows that open to fabulous views of NYC. Good service, although checking-in took forever. Though, they did apologize.	
Nov 26 2006 	Worked well but...	Our family recently stayed at the W Court Hotel in New York. After reviewing many of the summaries on trip advisor, we found that other travelers were right on target. The hotel is nice, but dark. While it has some amenities that you would like to have when traveling to an upscale location, it lacks the polish of the nicer hotels. The front desk and conceirge tryied hard, and normally were able to fulfill requests, but service was spotty at times.The room was very basic, although it worked well for our family. We spent little time in the hotel, and the two room suite (sitting room with attached bedroom) worked with two children. Two TV's was a definite help. The linens were fine, but nothing special, but the beds were comfortable. The bathroom was in serious need of an update, and the heating and cooling were questionable. However, we were comfortable all week with changes to clothing and blankets.Overall, we were pleased to have saved serious money over the Ritz (our second choice) but would have loved a better shower. That summarizes our experience.We probably would try another hotel next time, but in a pinch the W Court worked for us.	
Oct 27 2006 	A Great Place a fantastic bargain	A fantastic horel. the staff couldn't be more helpfull, and the room was gorgeous. the bed was large and comfortable, and the room was walm and welcoming, really well styled. the loby was small, and not well lit, but had very nice furneture and was welcoming. possibly one of our best stays ever!	
Oct 19 2006 	Terrible experience	Booked this hotel at the Starwood web-site. Arrived at 9:30 pm and hotel was oversold - always amazing when they force you to provide a credit card number to confirm and will charge you if you don't show. Anyway, all that was available was a smoking room. I had a 7:00 am meeting and didn't have a choice but to accept. First, dirty room. Second, room was in disrepair. Air conditioner worked but cleary had been abused. The room was on the 4th floor and on Lexington avenue. The noise was so loud you couldn't here yourself think. Decided to use the in-room CD player to provide some background noise. CD player didn't work. The TV was only receiving a small selection of channels and none of the local channels were available. In summary, you can't expect an quiet oasis in Manhattan, but the street noise was unreal for Manhattan. The room was dirty and in dis-repair. I do not recommend this hotel and at $400+, you can do better in Manhattan.	
Sep 30 2006 	Wishful at the W	I stayed at the W for the Labor day holiday (4 nights). I insisted to my travel partner that we stay there as she had not had the W experience. I choose the court location due to the size of the rooms. The room was very spacious for NY standards. The lobby decor was in the usual hip style ( music, smell, sight) and it was wonderful. The front desk staff was helpful and knowledgable. The rooms again were spacious though blah. The lack of wall color was dissappointing and the bath toiletries were not replenished daily. These are not major issues as I spent most of the time enjoying the city. The most significant issue was the toilet clog.My main complaints regard the less than special treatment I recieved as a hotel rewards member. I could not get a room upgrade and a request for a higher floor was denied . After being contacted by the hotel about my stay, I have yet to hear anything back from the GM.(Surrounding Area)The hotel is close to madison and 5th aves., however several blocks from the nearest subway. If you like to walk you can certainly walk to Times Square. Although, every time I walked to Times Square I caught the cab back. I was not impressed with the in room dining options and suggest trying the diners and cafes on Lexington Ave.Overall, the hotel was decent, though I would not stay there again as it just did not WOW me as expected. For the rate I would stay closer to the subway and sacrifice a smaller room. The area of the hotel is pretty quiet and I would prefer to be in the middle of it all, maybe the Times Square or Union Station area.	
Sep 7 2006 	Wonderful hotel	I had stayed at the Tuscany, next door, years ago for an overnight and loved it. Well, the Court didn't dissappoint. This time there were three of us in a room and we stayed for three nights. We had an cot with an air mattress in addition to a Queen sized bed which I slept on for two of the three nights and honestly could not tell that it was an air mattress. Slept wonderfully on it. What I really enjoyed about this room was it's size. It was large enough for three of us to walk around in it comfortably. The closet with drawers is located in a nook that has a vanity in it as well. Simply opening one of the closet doors provided you with all the privacy needed for getting dressed/changed. Also, if quiet is important to you, ask for a courtside room. You'll hardly hear the traffic.And yes, the elevators are small and slow. However, the W pipes club style music into them and if you dance not only will the trip seem shorter, but you can really horrify some of the foreign and Midwestern tourists!	
Sep 4 2006 	Warm Welcoming and Wonderful!	Stayed at W The Court on August 19-21 for a weekend business trip. My first experience with W in New York. I was staying in the hotel room a lot that weekend trying to get some work done. Upon checkin I let them know and they upgraded the room to a corner suite on a lower floor with an excellent and inspirational view of the Chrysler Building. It is New York, so lower floors will always be a bit noisy, but this one was in a quieter location and it worked out very well. Room was large and comfortable. The whole W experience is getting a bit tired...the decor is no longer cutting edge like it once was...and the candles in the entrance had been replaced with LEDs??? BUT, that bed still gets me...wow. The staff was great...especially check-in and concierge. Hotel was secluded enough that I did not feel like I was in the middle of town, but only a few blocks from the hustle and bustle of Times Square, Grand Central, etc. Did have a fire alarm test that drove me crazy on Monday a.m. but what can you do? It has to be done...but would have appreciated an in-room notice that the test was going to happen.Overall, excellent location + comfortable room + great service = happy and returning customer.	
Aug 28 2006 	Great!	It was my first time staying in New York City. With all the different places to stay i chose the W. Located in a very &quot;posh posh&quot; location i was impressed. Going into the lobby it was very dark, yet modern and chique. Great service and friendly workers. Elevator can be cramped with 3 large suitcases and other people. When we arrived on our floor, it was a little to small to move around . However when we g ot to our room we were suprised to find that it was small. I made the expcetion that it was new york, known for tiny apartements, so why would a hotel be different. Yet plain white walls didn't excatly help the fell and the vibe of the room. Going into the bathroom and ubstruct step made me lose my balance. The queen beds (2) were small, considering in Canada its like a double.   Overall i think its a great hotel to stay it. Its a place you wouldn't want to brings your kids but it's perfect for the 30-50's age. It's in a somewhat secluded location on lexinghton ave but yoiu here absoultely no traffic!.	
Aug 26 2006 	Lousy Place	Stayed here 3 nights to experience NY and see the Color Purple.I was so disapointed and upset with the choice I made.The building is old-which means lots of noise. (Elevators, doors opening and closing, people in the hallways)I stayed in a suite on the 7th floor and was frightened awake by the couple who checked in next door. It sounded like they were in the same room!The W chains keep their property dark but the old drabby building created a scary atmosphere rather than seductive. My suite was full of brown decor that only made the situation worse. Peeling paint, water stains on the ceiling and an awful view.I could hardly find the valet attendents. Hailed my own cabs, and opened my own doors. Even held the door for a handicap woman on two crutches. For over $400. per night I should have received better. I would never stay in this location again.BTW. The male bartender next door at the W Tuscany was also a snobby jerk.	
Aug 15 2006 	Modern and comfortable	My husband and I stayed here for two nights for a quick get-away. The location is perfect- literally 3 blocks from Grand Central Station. Many many restaurants around- from formal and expensive to super cheap- lots of selection. The room was very comfortable. Yes, a little on the small side, but this is Manhattan! Everything was clean. The hallways were a little noisy- we were woken up at 4am by some people on our floor coming home late and loud- but nothing outrageous. We would definitely stay there again without hesitation.	
Aug 1 2006 	Sharp and Modern	My fiance and I stayed at W The court for a weekend in late July, and found the accomodations more than adequate. This is a newly remodeled hotel that is similar in style and function to Kimpton's Hotel Rouge in Washington D.C. : lots of black, white, and reds, sleek and modernly elegant. Checking in and out was a breeze; I think I spent a combined two minutes at the front desk. The hallways are somewhat dark (but clean) no matter the time of day, adding to the cool, noir mystique. The room is a nice size, with comfortable king size beds, a large writing desk and a lush chaise lounge situated under the window, with a nice view of the Chrysler Building. We did not need any assistance from the staff, so I will not comment with regards to service. They do have a large selection of DVDs at the desk, where freshly baked cookies are left for guests. The most recent Rolling Stone magazine was left in the room, which makes sense for the crowd this hotel attracts: young, hip twenty and thirty-somethings.The lounge downstairs is a great spot for a late night drink. The location is good for those who wish to avoid the tourist-filled Times Square and the crowd around Penn Station, and yet it's only three blocks from Grand Central Station. I'd stay here again.	
Jun 24 2006	Loved this place!!!!	We just got back from our trip to New york City. I am from there origionally. Loved this location. The people at the front desk are so nice. The room we got was a suite on the 7th floor. It was very big, bright, and comfortable. Really impressed. Very clean, nice bed. It felt like our own apartment. I would reccomend this W highly. We are picky &quot;hotel snobs&quot;, so coming from us, it's got to be good! Enjoy.	
May 21 2006	Noise Whenever Wherever	This is not an oasis of calm in the middle of Manhatten. Someone else mentioned the poor sound proofing. If you get a street facing room on one of the lower levels say goodbye to sleep. Not even the loud air conditioning will keep out the horns. But one can only complain so much about street noise when you are staying in Manhatten. Unfortunately that was only the begining. When we moved to a &quot;courtside&quot; room we found ourselves wedged in between a room full of partying college students (11pm-3am) and a room full of partying 8 year olds (6:30am to 9:00am) who were staying at W for a birthday party (an eight year old's birthday party at the W? really?). Both of these factions treated the hallways of the W as an extension of their own rooms, running up and down the hallways at obscene hours either drunk on booze or sugar. To some extent you can't blame the W for the rudeness of its patrons, but it would have been nice if a few of the bouncers posing down in the hip bar could have been bothered to walk around the floors a bit to stop the W from devolving into alternatively a frat house and Pee Wee's Play house. The last night things seemed quiet until the party in the courtyard below started up with the LIVE BAND that played way too late for a hotel. It was almost comical. I needed an oasis in the middle of Manhatten, but all I got was sleep deprivation.	
May 4 2006	OK not great	Good service. Just an old building they put nice decorations in. Rooms are small. The bar is actually in another W down the street. Good location though. Not the greatest all in all.	
Apr 29 2006	It is why I stay at W's and starwood hotels in general	Amazing the neg comments on the lighting, the bar, the food, the hotel in general..this is a W..do you get this?.....If you want a big well lit hotel with no personality then please stay in times square and leave this hotel to the ones who appreciate it. The staff was great especially Shelby and Amaira who checked us in. The Place was perfect regarding staff, rooms and location. As for the food choices, you are in NYC, go out and explore the neighborhoods since there are tons of places for breakfast and lunch within blocks, and if you eating in the hotel for dinner, you only have yourself to blame since NYC has great restaurants on every block !!!glad we stayed here and will stay again !!!!!W people unite..others go stay at the hilton on 6th ave !!!	
Jan 16 2006	Great rooms OK service	The hotel is in a great location, 3 blocks to Grand Central. Rooms are huge with excellent W typical amenities. We had some problems with the heating/cooling as well, much like one would anticipate staying in an older building that has been renovated.Worst part of the experience, no food options in the hotel during the day!!! Very disappointing as it should be open for breakfast/lunch/dinner as guests are checking in/out.Hotel bar has a great evening crowd, but again, not open during the day! When you want to relax and enjoy, they aren't available.	
Oct 24 2005	Whatever Whatever Whatever	My wife and I checked into the W Court on a blustery October night. When we got to our room, it was freezing: cold air blowing from the heating unit. When we called downstairs, we were directed to the W's Whatever, Whenever guest line, which by the end of our experience we referred to as the Whatever, Whatever line, since it seems that it's all about hype and attitude versus good old fashioned service. An engineer was sent up, but only told us what we suspected: the heat was off in the hotel. He said that we could ask for a portable heater. When I called downstairs again, the Whatever, Whatever person told me that normally they would give us a portable heater...but they were all out. I asked to speak to the overnight manager and told her we weren't paying $450 a night to stay in a freezing room. She made it sound as if it were standard operating procedure NOT to have the heat on...despite the fact that it was in the 40s outside. I told her that was not acceptable. THEN, she told me they would see if they could get the heat turned on...and to give her fifteen minutes. Fifteen minutes came and went...and of course, no heat. Finally, after more time, and more finagling, I insisted on being moved to another W....with points credited to my Starwoods Account. By this point, it was after midnight, we had to repack, get our car, move downtown, and I thought we should have not had to pay for that night. The manager said that wasn't possible. We finally got to the W Union Square around 1am.I felt we were handled in a perfunctory and cavalier manner....almost as if our request for heat was outlandish.The Union Square was better, but the same cavalier, fake-hipper-than-thou attitude prevailed there, as well. If W is serious about delivering on service, they need more than a slogan. They need people who can deliver.	
Oct 19 2005	Cool atmosphere not cool service	I stayed at this property for 4 nights in March in a suite. I used 1 reward nights and paid $175 for the remaining 3 nights. The purpose of my trip was a girls shopping weekend in the city.Overall, the hotel was ideally situated and the room was very large. Although it was a smoking room, they provided us with ionic air purifiers, which amazingly worked quite well. We had a large sitting area with a pull-out bed, large walk-in closet, a fridge, comfy bed, etc. My only complaints are that the whatever whenever service was VERY slow and that the bathroom was a bit small and awkwardly located. The bathroom could not be accessed by guests, without first walking through the bedroom. A room of that size really should have had at least 1.5 baths.I echo earlier comments that the lobby and hallways were dark, but that is the ambiance at all W hotels.We had a great shopping weekend all in all.	
Jul 11 2005	Fabulous Location 	I recently stayed at W New York - The Court with my girlfriend and had a great time. I had a one-night short weekend in the city with my girlfriend and wanted to find a nice midtown spot near Grand Central station. As you probably know, its sometimes hit-or-miss in NYC. This was definitely a HIT. Everything at the the hotel was perfect. We arrived at the hotel early (11:00 a.m.) and were able to get right into our room. The woman at the front desk (Nova) was very kind and accomodating and explained the area very well. Upon arriving in the room, it was very nice. Yes, as some previous posters mentioned the lobby is a bit dark - but who cares! The rooms were VERY clean and had some great ammenities. Cordless phone, great toiletries (my girlfriend loves the miniature stuff and this stuff was above average), two bathrobes which were very nice, a CD player (with a CD) next to the bed and even a DVD/VCR combo! (we didn't use it). We didn't use the mini-bar, but it was well stocked with whatever you might need.It was hot in the city and the air conditioning worked great. The bathroom is a bit small, but more than what you might need for a stay in the city. The only bathroom complaint I might have is that the towels are a little small, but if that's the worst problem you're in good shape. Obviously, the W &quot;Dream Bed&quot; is outstanding!The view isn't spectacular (ours was just of other buildings), but I didn't care. If you're looking for a nice, clean, stylish place with modern decor, than this is it!We paid $249 per night for a room, which is about the going rate in NYC. I feel that if you go below $200 per night, you could be in for trouble as far as cleanliness. Overall I would say this is a fine hotel. Just three blocks from Grand Central Station and a VERY easy walk to Subways, cabs and even a bus to JFK or Laguardia airports. If you can afford the slightly higher rate, I would strongly recommend!	
Jul 11 2005	Enjoy W -- The Court	Terrific location within a 15- to 20-minute taxi ride of just about everything in Manhattan. Clearly, a &quot;residential&quot; feel; you almost forget you're staying in a hotel. Ample breakfast, lunch and dinner choices within steps, and their on-site ICON restaurant is a winner. The staff: among the most personable and professional anywhere. Rooms are large and well-kept with typical W furnishings. While the bathrooms are unexceptional, BLISS bath products are a plus. Overall value for NYC: 9 on a 10 scale!	
Jun 9 2005	Good experience at The Court	Always wanted to stay at a W hotel, and after reading the reviews, thought that The Court would be a good one (and the best rates for all W Hotels in NYC). And it was good. As most reviews state, it really is in a good location. Close to anything, and still you get a residential feel.Also, there are quite some very good restaurants one or two blocks from the hotel (all on Lexington). Fagiolini accross the street, Belluno a few doors further, DaCiro a few blocks the other direction on Lexington. For breakfast, Blooms Delicatessen (again one block from the hotel on Lexington) is a nice alternative to the Hotel's restaurant.	
May 28 2005	Not impressed!!!	On arrival to the W Court we walked into the lobby, which was totally dark.... and had to stand around in a long line waiting to check in. While in line we heard a staff member taking a few calls from others who had checked in and were unhappy with their rooms. Once in our room we realized the bathroom was TINY! Also, as we are not too familiar w/ NYC we were looking for some city information in our room but there was none and every time we went to the lobby either nobody was at the desk or there was a long line. They have DVDs to rent, and when we called to get one they didn't have any the ones we wanted, and when we finally found a movie it took an hour for it to be brought up to the room. On our second day I realized once I was in the shower that the soap and shampoo had not been replaced after being used the first day. We ended up checking out a day early as we were not happy w/ the accomodations. If you are looking for a &quot;trendy&quot; hotel w/ not much service than the W Court will give you that, otherwise try somewhere else.	
May 17 2005	Nothing spectacular in the spectacular suite!!!	We arrived @ 10:30a.m. expecting to just drop off our bags, but were delighted when they checked us in right away. Check-out was also quick and simple. The bell service and front desk were friendly and helpful. The concierge - resourceful!Yes, the lobby is a bit dark (as everyone else has repeatedly pointed out) but it's really not such a big deal. It creates a nice ambiance and is very trendy. Great if you want to have drinks before dinner or just hang out.The room was NOT up to par. Our room was on the 11th floor facing the east - therefore our &quot;spectacular&quot; view consisted of nearby rooftops. YES it's true, the rooms are large by NY standards, but for $300+ per night we expected a little more than a comfortable bed. The furnishings were exactly what you see in the photos, but the rug looked old, the walls needed a new coat of paint, and the equipment (TV, phone, etc.) outdated . . . adjoined to a small bathroom! Overall, the room looked dingy and did not meet up to Starwood standards or mine!The room service menu was limited, but we were given the option to select from the ICON's menu (the hotel restaurant). The food was great and arrived quickly. The bell man recommended a great little cafe one block away called Cafe Trend. It was clean, quick, and have lots to choose from. Great for breakfast, they have everything from egg whites, to bagels and omelettes.Good location! Close to many tourist attractions, shops, and excellent restaurants.Ladies beware - this hotel does NOT have a spa. There is no place to get a manicure, so get one before leaving home or make an appointment way in advance at a known salon/spa. I was told by the front desk to go to the W hotel on 47th that they have a Bliss spa there, and that they accepted walk-in's. When I arrived, I was advised that I had been misinformed because they had been booked for over a month. I went back to the hotel, and advised the concierge who again misdirected me to two nearby salons. Both of which were completely booked. After an hour and fifteen minutes of their suggestions, I realized the manicure would have to wait until I got home.	
May 16 2005	Great location great service	Loved this hotel, beds were better than ours at home. Location was perfect for seeing all of NYC in 3 days. &quot;Spa&quot; products we're just the icing on the cake!	
May 9 2005	Shabby chic takes on a whole new meaning	I just returned from a long weekend at W The Court in NYC. Let me start with the positive: the staff was extremely friendly and helpful. The front desk quickly fixed a small snafu with my reservation. They had the CD's and movies I wanted to my room within 15 minutes. They even were able to point me in the direction of a restaurant with vegan options very close to the hotel. So, points for niceness.... they're doing the best they can at the front desk. But what they have to work with is sub-par for a &quot;W&quot; property. The front entry and hallways are deceptively nice... perhaps it's the very dim lighting. Maybe if I'd kept the lamps on low in my room I would have been more impressed. As it was, the furniture coverings had grody stains, the walls were dirty, the room was never cleaned properly, and the air didn't work. And this was in a &quot;Suite&quot;! Granted, it was HUGE room for New York, so if you aren't very picky about the details you might be fine, but I am very disappointed in paying $250+ a night for a hot, stuffy room I had to clean myself every day after the maid left. I know I will not stay at this property again... it's just does not live up to the standards of Starwood.	
May 8 2005	Queen of The Court	One night stay while packing my daughter up at NYU. Fast, efficient, cordial check in with perfect response to my request for a quiet room on a high floor (in spite of my AARP discount). As previously noted, palatial size room for NYC with a beautiful view of the Empire State building. Enjoyed the heavenly bed as usual (how could anyone complain about the bed?). Very convenient location for everywhere in the city, much better than Times Square. Nice little restaurants and cafes closeby. I assume that it replicates living in a nice NYC neighborhood. My only request for improvement would be adequate lighting in the bathroom, perhaps a makeup mirror for my 52 year old eyes? The low lighting may make you look better but the reality in day light could be scary. I have stayed at the W Union Square and had a terrible experience in spite of paying twice the amount that I paid for The Court. The staff was just as physically attractive at The Court but they acted as though they were there to actually assist you. At the W Union Square I felt as though I wasn't quite good enough to stay there in their eyes. So, my first experience staying alone in a hotel was fantastic! I will definately make The Court my first choice over my daughter's next three years at NYU.	
May 5 2005 	Biggest rooms in New York	Well, I haven't stayed everywhere, but it sure felt like I was in the biggest standard hotel room in New York. And Bliss products in the bathroom don't suck, either. I was pleasantly surprised that, although the W still adheres to their strict &quot;no light allowed in the lobby&quot; policy, that they have finally started equipping their rooms with unusual amenties (unusual for the W) like table lamps and floor lamps with bulbs stronger then 15 watts! Complaints about the restaurant in the Marriott Overland Park, KS are one thing - your local fine dining options are severely limited (Applebee's anyone?) but in NY, there lots of other options, many just steps away. Both the Court &amp; the Tuscany are located amidst some great little bistros, restaurants,	
Apr 18 2005	Good Value for NY	I was surprised by the size of the room- it was quite large by NY standards. We got a good deal (senior citizens discount) for $230. The room was clean and the bathroom was too (although a little small)The staff was very helpful and the location was very convenient for seeing the sights around NY.My only complaint was that the air conditioner kept on shutting off during the middle of the night.The hotel lobby is a little dark- which is not so bad at night but somewhat annoying suring the day.	
Apr 13 2005	Disapointing	Dirty, noise, with no attention to the important details for a hotel of this or even a lesser rating. Old and run down with attempts to mask problems with modern decor. Good bell staff and concierge services but not enough to make up for limited ammenitys and poor upkeep and housecleaning.	
Apr 8 2005	Great value big rooms pleasant service.	In the past we have stayed in hotel rooms in NYC that were so small that trips to the bathroom involved negotiation and planning. No problem at W The Court. Our room (816) was beyond large. A large living room with sofa bed and chaise. Bedroom with large comfortable queen bed. Large TVs in both rooms, both with internet/interactive keyboard. Fax machine. Large desk/work area. Acres of closet space with 3 closets, real wooden hangers, ironing board and iron. Nice thick towels in the smallish bathroom and those nice lemon/sagey Bliss products.When we arrived for a three night stay on Friday PM checking in was a very pleasant experience. Warning....entering the lobby of the W from the street on a sunny day can be a bit disconcerting as the lobby, and hotel in general has very subdued lighting. Throughout our stay we found the staff to be very helpful, pleasant and knowledgeable. The doormen do heroic service flagging down taxis for you on Lexington Ave. on rainy nights. We asked for ice every afternoon and it arrived at our door in less than 5 minutes each time.Breakfast at the Frontier restaurant one block east on 39th (recommended previously in these reviews) is a great bargain for morning coffee and toast. There is a handy convenience store right across Lexington from the hotel that sells fresh flowers, fruit and other snack items. The neighbourhood is quiet but easy walking distance, short cab ride to most places of interest. This is not a glitzy large hotel but if you want to feel as if you are coming home to your own NYC apartment after a long day of playing tourist this is the place. And who can complain about a hotel where the phones have a &quot;whatever/whenever&quot; button?	
Mar 12 2005	Great room terrible service	The W's are great hotels--I've stayed in many of them--but their Whatever/Whenever mantra is not instilled in their culture anymore. A long time ago, yes, but not so much now.My room was great. HUGE, MASSIVE by Manhattan standards. Always well-designed and well-apponited. Great Bliss products, excellent rain-water showerheads (although, I'm partial to their other Speakman/Heavenly heads).Now the bad stuff, and why the W needs to retrain their entire staff over and over. The last 4 or 5 visits to a W for me have been awful only due to the staff screw ups or service issues and this was yet one more W screw up. Our restaraunt time to eat while seated was awfully long. And poorly timed. Appetizers came out very late and we were given almost no time to eat. The food is great but takes forever to get there. Then, eating lunch the next day, alone and with barely anyone there, my two APPETIZERS (as meals) took nearly 30 minutes to get to me.I have no problems with the W and their rooms, even the smaller ones are super comfy. But really, they simply are not living up to their Whatever/Whenever promise.Oh yeah, I almost forgot. NO UPGRADES, even with my Gold SPG level AND Amex Platinum card. I've never once been to a hotel with a TRUE 100% occupancy and even when I asked if there were any upgrades (along with my card and SPG level SHE announced), she rebuffed me, saying simply NO.Starwood better get their act together because, at some point, ppl will start going over to the Four Seasons or Mandarian. Or hell, even dealing with the idiots over at Ian Schrager properites.Overall, a great (room) stay, but go eat elsewhere and don't expect Whatever/Whenever anymore. They should change the name to M, Maybe.	
Mar 8 2005	Fantastic hotel.	Stayed at the W (Court) for three nights in March 2005 with my boyfriend. LOCATION: Short walking distance from 5th Ave shopping, Broadway, Times Square, Central Park, Empire State Building and Grand Central Station. Very easy to hail cab outside hotel to get to other locations in Manhattan (or alternatively, walk to Grand Central and use subway). However, not many decent bars in the immediate vicinity apart from the W's own bars i.e. the Wet Bar (Court), Cherry Bar (Tuscany) and Whiskey Blue (Lexington). Would advise catching cab and going down to the East Village for better bars and buzzing nightlife.STAFF: All very friendly, helpful and good-looking. WETBAR: Busier and bigger than the Cherry Bar in the W Hotel next door (Tuscany). Expect to pay London prices for drinks in the hotel bar. Friendly advice to women: don't wear short black mini-skirts in the bar otherwise you'll get mistaken for one of the waitresses! ROOM: Good sized room. Huge bed. Funky decor (although slightly worn). Great choice of in-room movies. Good range of drinks in the mini-bar and lots of chocolate sweets. Loved the Bliss products. Room service always prompt. OVERALL: Would definitely stay at the Court again. Liked the boutique feel to the hotel. Definitely a young person's hotel, not one for your parents or grandparents! Only disappointment was that there weren't many good bars in the area. Had to venture to the East Village for the better nightlife (which was only a short cab ride away - approx £5 - if you're from the UK). However, glad we stayed in the Midtown area. Being tourists it gave us that &quot;NY&quot; feel i.e. high-rise buildings, Empire State Building, Broadway, Times Square, 5th Ave etc.	
Feb 28 2005	Contemporary atmoshere 	Stayed Friday &amp; Saturday nights (2/25 &amp; 26). Booked the Tuesday before and wanted the Sofitel but it was full as were many other hotels. I guess &quot;The Gates&quot; at Central Park and the renovated MOMA attracted crowds. That's what we went to see also. Glad we did.This hotel is on 39th street between Park &amp; Lexington in the &quot;Murray Hill&quot; section of the city - almost into &quot;Midtown East&quot; which was convienent for us to see friends who live on 29th street. We entered at W Tuscany next door because the &quot;W&quot; was lit there and got our attention. The W for the Court is not lit. They let us check in at the Tuscany and then we walked next door the Court. Both lobbies are dark and very contemporary in decor. It takes a little adjustment when coming in from daylight. The corner room we stayed in (701) had three windows and included an awkward but nice view of the Statue of Liberty. The bed was super, housekeeping excellent and the room was a pleasing contemporary design. Only tight squeeze was between the foot of the bed and a long desk against the wall. There was no coffee pot in the room which I would have liked, but I didn't call the desk to ask for one - maybe they would have supplied one. Dunno. We looked into a drink at the bar but all the tables had reserved signs on them. We asked if we could take a drink into the lobby to sit down and were told to sit anywhere but that we might be asked to move later. What is that? Then after waiting 10 to 15 minutes without service decided to leave. Not a big deal, (we didn't complain) but confusing and unwelcoming.We spent Saturday &amp; Sunday on the streets, in museums and restaurants and crashed nights &amp; mornings at the hotel. Had breakfast at the &quot;Frontier&quot; restaurant on the corner of 39th and 3rd (a block away) which totaled $8.30 for two plus tip. It was simple eggs, homefries, toast and unlimited coffee cooked just right (simple and fresh).We would stay here again as our room was quiet, clean, attractive and comfortable.	
Jan 4 2005	Pretty Good Stay apart from the room not cleaned	I have stayed at the Renaissance hotel in Times Square, good size rooms and big windows. Also stayed at the W New York on 49th and Lexington, 170sq ft is no fun ...very small rooms and poor views. The Court is a boutique hotel with really good size rooms, I stayed in room 1203 and there was a good view of the Crysler building. The room was simple, however because of only 1 window it was quite dark, however for a NYC hotel it is a really good size. On one particular day after walking around the whole of NYC (it seemed like that) we came back at 6pm to an uncleaned room, these things do happen, however what I didn't expect was the way the people reacted, i.e. no customer service and quite rude. However that said after speaking with the manager things were sorted and a bottle of wine arrived at our door. So overall a good hotel, good location, only 3 blocks from Grand Central Station (which has a lovely food hall). Restaurants to recommend would be TAO (Thai) on 58th Street between Lex and Park, go for lunch at $20 it's a bargain for Thai food (dinner will be more than double that easy!), BAO111 (International) on Avenue C lower East Village, great for dinner both the fillet mignon and fish curry are amazing, BRASSERIE (International) on 53rd Street again around Lex and Park, good place for lunch or late night and the steak is great. MATSURI (Japanese) underneath the Maritime hotel on 16th Street and 7th Avenue I think is really good for dinner, very funky. Anyway back to the hotel, would I recommend... YES, good location, great size rooms, clean although don't have room service food better if you walk outside the hotel and considerably cheaper. For those that like Starbucks (not me!) there are two within 1 block of the hotel.	
Dec 24 2004	Pleasant surprise best W in the city.	Wow. This from a W? To paraphrase generation Y, shut UP! See my review entitled, &quot;Wonderland?&quot; of W New York from 7/2004. This place does &quot;boutique hotel&quot; better than the boutique hotels of Soho...or did I catch them on a good day? Stop! If you don't have time to read any further, let me attempt conciseness: 1. Get a rate under $200. 2. Call them and request a spectacular view (balconies are on floor 12 out of 16). 3. Pretend you're a guest at a friend's apartment building that happens have a small bar on the first floor (not IN the lobby, as in W Times Square). 4. The concierge staff is among the best in all of NYC, save for maybe Trump's or the Peninsula, but they're young Americans who love New York. 5. Get over the brand-image thing.W, shmubleyou. The Court made me delete any preconceived idea of 'Hip And Cool' from my perception of W hotels, and I hope it does the same for you. After a weekend last June at the original W New York uptown, I pretty much decided that W was becoming...oh, what was the nineties-ism? Ah, yes: &quot;...SO five years ago!...&quot;. Maybe the very thing I picked up on at this W property is unique to this hotel alone, which makes me wonder if the W brand concept is that applicable to the city which gave it life. I mean, one W per city, yes...but five? This one hit the spot last weekend, when I decided to spend $179 at a nyc hotel to avoid being charged $500 shipping for $600 worth of online Christmas gift shopping (figure those economics out...). It mostly had to with the fantastic front desk, concierge, bell and bar staff. From unpacking my car to checking in/out, to finding the best spinach manicotti in manhattan, they made me feel as if I was an honored guest at a private club; I didn't get any taste of &quot;oh, we're only being nice to you because we're paid to&quot;...or even worse, &quot;yeah, we'll talk to you dude, but we won't talk to that old bag next to you&quot;...I call it, to paraphrase another TripAdvisor reviewer, &quot;D-list model syndrome&quot;. Real people = real service = :)The bottom line, however, is that if I hadn't paid $179 and gotten a Starwood Preferred Guest upgrade, I wouldn't be smiling right now. I combed NYC online for an hour and found the same rate at 60 Thompson, a far 'hipper' joint down in Soho...but of course, even with it being the holidays, I didn't feel like being professionally sneered at. After speaking to the W Court's refreshingly affable front desk staff (yes, they have not forgotten it is still called the hospitality industry), I requested a high floor with a view of the Chrysler building. The hotel is located on the corner of 39th and Lexington ave, 11 blocks south of W New York...and 21 blocks north of W Union Square. Its corner location affords rooms over 39th st. spectacular views north toward the Chrysler building; rooms over Lexington face the street and apartment buildings; some rooms facing the inner air shaft can see the Empire State Building. My room, 1103, was a 'Spectacular King': a larger room with a high ceiling and a view. I was upgraded from a Wonderful King, which I assume was on a lower floor. a few 12th floor Spectacular rooms have balconies, which I am going to try for next time. My room was on the end of the building in a 'reveal' (a niche), so my bathroom's window (yes, some bathrooms have windows) looked down 39th toward Park ave. The room was simple and elegant in a residential way. W's version of the westin Heavenly Bed was Heavenly; the easy chair by the window was plush, and there was a beautiful wood table with the TV/DVD player and small desk area. Gripe: the ethernet cable at the desk did not reach the bed, but I didn't go online. Props to W for a mini bar stocked with full-size drink bottles (at, uh, full-size prices...), and offering automatic climate control in a building that previously had none (it was the Doral Court during the 20th century). Another complaint is that after 11:30 they only offer five items for room service including a burger, soup, a couple sandwiches and an omelet...while I've had a few delicious $18 burgers in my two and a half decades, I decided on some New York all-nite Italian delivery. Tip: THE CONCIERGES ARE GREAT. They'll bend over backwards for you, and they understand how the appeal of $25 omelets at 2 am doesn't extend too far past the boardroom.W Court's the best one in the city, with much more character than W Times Square, a new hotel out of context. It distills the best elements of the W concept and doesn't overblow them, like W New York does, commodify them like W Union Square, or stuff them into a one-liner like W Tuscany.	
Oct 11 2004	OK for a hotel but horrible for a W	I stay around 70 nights per year in hotels, most of them in Starwood properties, and many in W hotels. This hotel is just not up to W Hotel standards. The hotel is worn, elevators were broken, staff was disinterested, airconditioning was very loud, poor soundproofing, etc. I won't be staying here again.	
Oct 6 2004	Wow!	From start to finish I was really wowed by the service and comfort of this hotel. I stayed from September 29 to October 5th and upon checking in my starwood gold status was recognized and I was bumped up a level. I was then offered a one bedroom suite at an amazing price and I was even able to get the offered price down a little so I took it. No regrets at all as I ended up with a 700 sq foot suite. This is larger then most peoples entire apartment in NYC!!A brief rundown. The lobby (living room) is very cozy with great ambient lighting and good music playing. This lobby also has the wetbar, very expensive but with amazing drinks, worth treating yourself to at least one night. The Icon restaurant was also expensive but extremely good.The room itself was simply amazing with great bliss bath amenities, great shower pressure and the always comfortable W bed. On the first day my shower drain was working rather slowly. Upon notifying the welcome desk they had someone up to fix it within the hour and then also sent me a very nice fruit basket and bottle of wine to apologize for the problem. I had no noise problems at all with my room and also really enjoyed the DVD player and the CD player (which came with a nice selectoion of music and some sleeping cd's).The only thing I could find of fault was the fact that there was no in room coffee making service. I love my morning coffee so this was a bit of a let down for me but it worked out okay as there are countless great places for coffee within a block in any direction of this hotel and it was fun trying out different places.The location was superb. It is a short 3 block walk to grand central station which is great for catching the subway in any direction. Being between Park ave and Madison ave there was no shortage of restaurants and activities all extremely close by.I can recommend this location without hesitation for anyone looking for a &quot;residential&quot; type of feel along with a very hip atmosphere and very personal service.	
Sep 24 2004	Some Peace 	I recently stayed at The W – The Court and had a very pleasant experience. I asked for and received a corner room on a high floor. I’d read that Manhattan hotel rooms are small so I was prepared for the worst. While it was kind of tight between the foot of the bed and the desk, the room was wider, with a small (but comfy) chair and coffee table next to the windows. The walls are all painted white to brighten up the room and there’s a giant (6’+) mirror that all help to make the room appear bigger. My room overlooked 39th Street, so I had a nice view of the Chrysler Bldg.I was surprised to find a walk-in closet. I was not surprised to find one of the most comfortable hotel beds ever. You really can’t beat a bed in a Westin.I can verify that the shower is dark, which is not a big deal. I did have a hard time keeping water from getting all over the floor; there’s no lip on the bottom frame of the shower to prevent this from happening. The rain-style showerhead is so much nicer than any of the low flow or cheapo shower massage units found in every other hotel. Lots of pressure and hot water to boot.Bell service and the concierge were quite helpful hailing cabs and getting me to Queens on the train.The hotel is in the dare-I-say sleepy Murray Hill neighborhood of Manhattan away from the chaos and noise. The neighborhood definitely has more of a residential feel. Still, it’s only three block walk to Grand Central, which is a boon if you’re taking the trains or the NY Airport Service shuttle from the airports to midtown. If you’re looking for something closer to the action, The Court might not be your answer. But for me it more than met my expectations and I have no complaints.	
Sep 22 2004	Fantastic with few minor flaws	The Court is a beautiful hotel, very upscale design. The suite is very large and comfortable, the bed is INCREDIBLE, especially the headboard and pillows. Your own will become substandard.All my requests (comb, toothbrush, ice) were dealt with promptly except for one time that the ice took a half hour to reach the room.Also, I requested a wake-up call that was never made, and had an extra valet parking charge on my bill. All my valet parking was made free by the employee who checked us out, as an apology for not receiving the call.I can't wait to go back. Register at spg.	
Jul 7 2004	Loved it!	Stayed here with my daughter for mother's day. I was greeted with a long stemmed chocolate rose - nice touch. Room was excellent, service superb and very responsive. TV broke at 11pm at night, they sent someone up right away to fix it. Loved the location, nice and quiet. Enjoyed the &quot;Wet Bar&quot;! Would highly recommend.	
Jun 8 2004	Great value for price	I stayed here with a group of girlfriends over a long, holiday weekend. The rate was great for a room with 2 queen beds. We took advantage of the nice tv, DVD player. Housekeeping was wonderful and accommodated all our requests for extra robes, towels, products. The concierge staff was extremely helpful in recommending restaurants, transportation, spa appointments. The location is convenient, near convenience stores, liquor store, deli, coffee shops, restaurants, and transportation. 	
Jun 8 2004	Recommended with conditions	After reading the reviews of this hotel, I wondered if I should look into different places to stay because I had always stayed with friends in nyc. It turned out that I enjoyed the hotel immensely, but it was only because we got a great room, after initially putting us in a very run-of-the-mill, dark area that seemed to be for the undesireables.When we arrived at a little after 3pm, the room type that I requested (a high-floor, corner room) wasn't available so they told us to come back in an hour. When we returned, they put us on the 14th floor (the hotel has 16 floors -- really 15 because they have no 13th floor), but the room looked out onto a brick wall, and it was very small. I called down to the desk and explained my problem. They immediately sent keys up to another room on the 12th floor which was perfect because it had a long balcony that overlooked 39th Ave. and the Chrysler building. Had we stayed in the original room, my rating of the hotel would have been very average and only worth it if you get a very cheap rate. But because we got a nice room, with an incredible view, and a great balcony, I was extremely pleased. I'm a gold member of the SPG plan so that may be why this worked out well...I don't know.The area of the hotel is not my favorite. It's very business-orieanted and after-work hours and on weekends, it's pretty much dead. Dead for NYC standards anyway. I live in Orlando, so NYC dead is Orlando's equivalent to New Year's Eve. If I could pick a location, I would rather stay in the West Village or in Union Square, but midtown is a good spot to be if you want to explore both the village area and the park/upper east and west sides.Getting around is fairly easy. The subway is at 42nd and Lexington (three blocks north on Lexington from the hotel). The service is excellent. They really did give us whatever, whenever. You press a button, and within a couple of minutes, they show up at your door with whatever you requested.The bathrooms are small, but fine. I liked the showers at other W hotels and non-W hotels better, but it got us clean, so that's good. They should have just gotten rid of the tub and put in a straight shower; the tub is very shallow so I can't imagine using it for a bath.The beds are the same as at any W hotel: they're great. One review said that the sheets were crisp and uncomfortable. Whatever. The beds are extremely comfortable...at least you know you'll get a great bed no matter what the room looks like.I would recommend this hotel if either you don't care about the money or you can get a good deal (under $200) or you can get a preferred room. Like I said, if I had paid 280/night for a dingy room w/ no view, my review would have been much different.Also, if you're bothered by small problems (e.g. a knick in the wall, a scratch on the desk, etc), then stay somewhere else. There are plenty of small scratches and the rooms could probably use re-painting (the rooms are fine, but if you are EXTREMELY picky, then you might be dissapointed). Also, just as with any of the other W hotels, I was again happy to see that the 'adult' selection included a good amount of gay titles. After all, true equality for gays doesn't come with marriage rights, but with the accessibility to hotel porn, right? Just kidding, in case you're a slow one. And if you are, or if you find the fact that they have gay porn shocking, stop staying in my hotels...you people are an annoyance.	
Jun 3 2004	Pleasant but otherwise unspectacular hotel	This was my first &quot;W&quot; experience, but I have stayed at numerous Starwood properties. The hotel staff was the nicest I have ever come across at any hotel. The rooms were nicely appointed, but not really up to the expectations I had for the &quot;W&quot; brand. The bathroom lighting was pretty much a joke; one dim light just above the sink. With the shower curtain closed, you couldn't even see which bottle was the shampoo! But it was large and very nicely appointed. So, all in all, it was nice. But I would not want to pay $250+/night, as this is too steep for the quality of the room. I paid $160/night, and it was worth that price for NYC. 	
May 18 2004	W yes. This W heck no.	Drains that don't work and loud air conditioning units combined with a really hard time fixing a billing error made this W the only negative experience I've had at a StarWood property in the last 18 months. there are about 8 other W's in NY - try one of them.	
Apr 29 2004	No up to W standards	We stayed at the W Court for three days over the weekend following Easter. Previous stay in New York was at the W Times Square, a hotel we very much enjoyed. This time we were enticed by the &quot;three nights for the price of two&quot; special rate offered by the Court on the W web site.We asked for a nice room since we were celebrating our tenth wedding anniversary, however the room we received was hardly &quot;spectacular&quot; as advertised. The bathroom was tiny, not well maintained and in much need of some grout cleaning and a paint job...definately not spectacular. The room was also small and we found the small drawer chest, turned sideways in the closet, to be useless, perhaps they should remove the chaise lounge from this size room and replace it with some drawers so you have a place to put your clothes. I tried to turn the HVAC fan on low to give the stuffy little room some air for sleeping but it wouldn't stay on and instead we had to listen to the air conditioner clunk on and off endlessly through the night. The final negatives were a non-functioning in-room safe and long waits for the two small elevators.On the positive side, the staff were hospitable, the bed and the location were very good. Starwood has done a great job marketing their W brand, this hotel however does not meet the expectations set by their advertising or the standard they have set in their other hotels.	
Apr 14 2004	W - The Court simply spectacular!		
Mar 11 2004	my birthday weekend		
Jan 5 2004	Comfy beds! Stylish!		
Dec 24 2003	An Expirence to Remember		
Nov 26 2003	READ these ADS and pay attention!		
Sep 23 2003	Love the W New York Court!		
Sep 12 2003	Wonderfully stylish and convenient!		
Sep 8 2003	Great Service		
Sep 4 2003	Modern 		
May 30 2003	Very Nice Hotel!		
Oct 5 2009 	NY la ville qui ne dort jamais		
Oct 3 2009 	????????????		
Jan 12 2009 	che delusione		
Jan 10 2009	hotel très élégant et confortable très bien situé		
Apr 2 2008 	W comme " Would be better if ..."		
