	Nice Hotel	This hotel was in a Great Location, especially to watch the Macys Day Parade. We paid extra for a room with parade view and the view was great but I don't really think it was worth the price because they were charging the same price no matter if you were on the 5th floor or the 30th floor. The rooms were very small but we were in New York so I was expecting this. The hotel did have a small lounge, many nights it was full with no seats left. Some of the staff were very friendly, however others were not. This hotel is right in Times Square, close to shopping, shows, and central park. If you are planning a trip to New York I suggest staying someone in Time Square, there are many hotels along Broadway or 7th Ave this is where you want to be. Overall this hotel was a Nice hotel but not Great, when I go back I will be trying another hotel in Times square.On a side note! LOVED NYC! If you like Sex and the City make sure to book a Sex and the City tour through City Tours! It was Great!	
	Very Satisfactory-Excellent Location for Broadway Shows	It's a good hotel for a good value and a great location for seeing a broadway show. It's about an 8 block walk (which is actually short time-wise in NY). Expect crowded busy new york theater sidewalks but it is part of the experience. Parking is about $42 per night at the hotel. Front desk a little slow but accomodating. Beds and Bathroom clean and comfy. Had a room with 2 double beds and it was great for my friend and I . Got a great rate through priceline, but usually book on www.spg.com and get pretty close to $200.	
	No major faults just not spectacular	The hotel provides a good service; the rooms are thoroughly cleaned and the concierges give good advice on how to explore New York city. The room served its purpose; it had comfortable beds, and a TV with a variety of channels, a twin standard room is spacious enough for two people, the bathroom and everything else is also great. This big wooden desk thing next to our window was pretty useless though!We didn't use the gym or restaurants, because we were to busy exploring the city - but they looked fine. The location is legendary, especially at night when you can walk to Times square in the matter of 30 seconds (if you run!) There are also subway stations with most major lines in close proximity to the hotel; if we managed to explore all 5 boroughs with a bit of effort - you can too. The best thing about the hotel, is the views which are phenomenal. Looking down from our room (which was on the 38th floor or something) honestly made me feel empty. From the club room, you can see New York from a holistic perspective, the square outline of central park is visible. What I found annoying about the hotel was definetly not offering breakfast at weekends, I mean, why! We had to eat in local cafes which were flooded with other tourists, and had no available tables.My final observation on the hotel is that its like a city within a city; 24-7 there are literally thousands of people hanging around the lounge, and walking in and out the main entrance. There are so many people, you kind feel like another number!	
	If you need to stay in this area - try another hotel	The last two business trips to the city this year, I stayed at the Hilton New York. I decided to try this hotel. It won't be my first (or second or third choice) going forward.The check in was average. My room, though, smelt strongly of cinnamon air freshner. The reason - the previous guest had smoked in the bathroom so housekeeping was trying to masking this smell. The receptionist was helpful and changed my room right away. The room itself is smaller than at the Hilton (same price). There isn't enough room to put the dresser right in front of the bed so it's in the corner near the closet. Therefore, the tv is in the corner as well. There is a desk the width of the room near the window. What I disliked the most was that there was no wireless internet and only a short cable to use. I wasn't able to sit on the bed to do any work. The room was HOT at night and the temperature didn't work. The bathroom decor was a bit shabby and the size was small. The bed was comfortable though.I did like the cafe in the lobby and the free interet access there too. I had to pay a handling fee to collect my package at the business center. You also have to pay to use the gym, which is annoying.In all, there was nother really wrong with the hotel - it was average. For the right price, maybe i woudl stay here again but if it's the same price as the Hilton - I would choose the Hilton.	
Nov 25 2009	Nice room at great location	I booked this hotel on priceline for $170/night. We had a room on the 19th floor with 2 double beds &amp; there was plenty of room for our luggage. The room had large windows with a great view. The beds were very comfortable &amp; I didn't hear any noise from adjoining rooms. I could hear occasional sirens from the street but nothing that bothered us. I was happy with the cleanliness &amp; appearance of the room &amp; bathroom. Check-in was very efficient &amp; although our room wasn't ready (it was only 11 am) they held our luggage until our room was ready. The only negative is that upon checking out, they charge a fee if you need them to hold your luggage. But all the staff we encountered were very friendly &amp; helpful. This hotel is at a great location - close to the subway, Times Square, Central Park, Rockefeller Center, 5th Avenue, etc... &amp; very safe. I would definitely stay here in the future.	
Nov 24 2009 	Location Location Location	We stayed here on SPG points for one night to get a jump on a holiday weekend. It served its purpose of being a place to sleep and regroup. But don't expect a lot more from it.Good stuff: Registration was a snap; the room was clean and fairly updated; bed was comfortable; location was perfect and easy to get a cab, take the subway or walk around to see a show; this hotel also caters to tourists (for better or worse) so they are accustomed to dealing with all sorts of issuesBad stuff: Valet parking was difficult and no bell service to help with our bag; room was very warm -- when we asked for help with it, they said A/C was off for season and offered to open our windows (which cooled off the room, but was LOUD outside, even 30 stories up); shower was so-so; room is small (but typical for NYC); breakfast was VERY expensive for a buffet ($27 pp and not worth that much). So, would I stay here again? Maybe. It's fine for a few nights as a place to stay and nothing else. But for those looking to be &quot;wowed&quot; by a hotel, there are better choices (the Westin Times Square being one of them).	
Nov 23 2009 	Amazing views high above Times Square in our Luxury Suite	The hotel was ideally located near all relevant subway lines and just a block from Times Square. We had a corner suite with a view of Manhattan and the Hudson. It was breathtaking. The hotel employees were gracious and helpful. The rooms were large and clean. My only complaint is that the club room which offers complimentary breakfast and cocktails was not open Friday evening-Sunday. It would have been nice to have that amenity offered daily. Otherwise, the hotel is five-star all the way.	
Nov 22 2009 	The most amazing experience....important to read this before you book	What a surprise. In NYC, where people can be dispensable and relationships are fleeting, we had the most amazing experience at this Sheraton. The individuals at this Sheraton when out of their way - far out of their way - to make an important personal occasion, into a memory that will last our lifetime. They could not have been nicer or done more, and most importantly, it felt totally sincere. I know it sounds like I'm a paid employee of Sheraton, but this was my first experience with the property and what a team: Jorge Guerrero, Guest Service Manager, Aramis Fundora, Front Desk Manager, Sean Verney, hotel manager and Joan Torres, Guest Services Manager. I will return, gladly.	
Nov 22 2009 	First Visit and dissapointed	This was our first visit to the city. This is also the first time I have ever written a review. We were dissapointed with the room for numerous reasons. Apon our arrival 5:15pm the room wasn't ready we arrived at the room the maid was still cleaning and getting the room ready, we left our bags and had to come back later. The television did'nt work, not that we were there to watch TV, but it was your in room source of info on the hotel, your billing ect. The temperature control unit heating / cooling only blew ambient air, to adjust the temp in the room I had to open a window. This wasn't the best option as this room looked out over a lower roof which supported numerous aircondioning units for the hotel, these were loud and ran constantly. The bedside lamp on the left didn't work, so if you wanted to read before bed this wasn't an option. The room was somewhat dated, carpets worn, peeling paint in the bathroom, the door had numerous areas were it was dented or scratch and they just painted over it, okay nit-picky but its what I saw. The first morning I reported these issues to the front desk, she took notes and that evening when we return nothing had been addressed. I am not a person who typically makes a big deal about things, these weren't life altering. Maybe I should have search out the front desk manager to get these issues addressed, this is a very exspensive hotel to stay at and everything should have been in order. Would I stay here again, not likely.	
Nov 21 2009 	Awesome location	This hotel is perfectly located between Times Square and Central Park. This is a very large hotel with a busy lobby day and night but it's not a problem at all. We were given a room with a view to Times Square which was amazing. The room was quite spacious and the bed was the most comfortable I have ever slept in. We actually ordered the bed linen on line when we got home as we wanted to re-create the cozy feeling of the Sheraton bed as best we could. As a light sleeper the only drawback was the noise, it truly is the city that never sleeps and on our first night, neither did I. However, I invested in some earplugs and it solved the problem so don't let it deter you. The subway stop is right next door and we used the subway every day and always felt quite safe, day and night. The hotel is walking distance to so many attractions and sites. We will definitely stay here again on our next trip to N.Y	
Nov 19 2009 	Best 21st Birthday Celebration I Could Have Asked For	I stayed at the Sheraton with a group of 5 friends from November 14th through 15th. We were there to celebrate my 21st birthday and really just needed a place to crash for the night since we're all from NJ and PA and were planning to go out until the wee hours. Check-in around 7:15 was very prompt and the staff member assisting us was both friendly and efficient. We had a three room suite on the 9th floor. It was perfect for our group - clean and spacious. Times Square was just a quick walk away and after dinner there, we were heading over to Webster Hall. The concierge gave us passes for free admissions and no wait to get into the club (although most people had this form of pass so we did have to wait for 10 minutes or so). He was helpful in instructing us how to get there and how to get in, and printed off information for us as well. Given that there were 6 people in our party but taxis can only accommodate 4 people, the bellman told us to hold on while he found us transportation to the club. After about a minute, he told us a limo could take us where we needed to go for $30! Wow! It pulled up 30 seconds after that and we were on our way. We all slept well after arriving back to the hotel a little before 4am. Check out the next morning was also quick, and we were back on the bus to PA without any hassles. I had no complaints with the hotel and the location was perfect for what we needed. I'd definitely return to the Sheraton!	
Nov 19 2009 	Outstanding location close to the action with lots of dining options	This hotel is situated a few blocks from Times Square and overall is a great location and nice hotel. The hotel restaurants are pricey even for NY but there are alot of dining options for family or business nearby. Even a Tim's close-by for the Canadian travellers. My trip was both personal and business and the hotel accommodated both well. Room was clean and size was okay. It was difficult to control the temperature and I needed a fan to be brought up to my room as it was quite warm due to unseasonally warmer temperatures. Staff was friendly and helpful too.	
Nov 19 2009 	Overpriced never again terrible service.	Was there on business two nights. The room was hot as an oven, the air didn't work at all, in fact the knob to control the temp just spun around. I called multiple times. An &quot;engineer&quot; simply opened the window. Thus, it was not only hot, but loud. The toilet broke. There was drilling in the room next to me in the morning. They lost my glasses case. A can of Heineken was $9.00	
Nov 18 2009 	Basic business Hotel ( not suitable for family or Leisure) DIRTY OLD POOR SERVICE	Plus points of this hotel great location, However that is it, its expensive £150 plus a night for a 4 star hotel is ok I guess for New York, but this is not a 4 star hotel, more like 2 or 3 star. The service and rooms are not up to 4 star standards. Our Room was noisy, the aircon made a hell of a noise. Rooms are small. The Carpet was dirty, stained and Old, it had been hoovered it was just old carpet that should have been replaced 3 years ago. Walls have marks on them. and one of the sheets was dirty. The Window blind was falling off, Worse part of our stay was the service, they include 15% service charge on all food as standard, however the staff still expect a tip, and they have a $4 extra delivery charge for room service. Because this is a business hotel I guess they no that they are going to get a tip and the service is basic and not up to standard. Staff should earn tips and not get given tips for poor service…….The Bell captain we asked to collect our bags from our room in 10 mins, 30 mins later they still had not come and travelling with a 11 month old baby and a 3 year old son I had to drag 3 heavy suitcases downstairs myself.I think the worse part of our stay was no hot water on one night. , rooms also do not have WIFI only cable dsl internet. Most of the customers staying in this hotel were on Business, I can imagine that business get good discounted rates for using this hotel. If I was paying £80 to £100 a night I would have written a better review, but this is not a 4 star hotel and not value for money as a leisure traveler. Another plus note Breakfast was nice but expensive.	
Nov 17 2009 	Redefining Customer Service....Taking it to the highest level!	I recently arranged for my niece to stay at The Sheraton New York Hotel and Towers using my Starwood Preferred Guest Points. I was a little worried about my niece and her girlfriend staying in New York. So, after reading the reviews of the hotel on Tripadvisor, I thought it would be a good idea to Email the hotel, before she arrived, to make sure she received a nice room with a view.  Well, her one night stay was amazing from start to finish thanks to Jorge Guerrero, the Guest Service Manager at The Sheraton New York Hotel and Towers! I have never known anyone so dedicated to the service of others. First, she arrived before check-in and was greeted cheerfully by the staff and was allowed to check-in early and the attendant was very gracious.  She was thrilled with her room which was a corner room on the 49th floor (#4904) and had a fabulous view of Central Park. The room was beautifully decorated, very clean with 2 wonderful comfortable beds and all the amenities.  She called the front desk to inquire about the Club Level Lounge which features evening hors d'oeuvres. They told her that it was closed on weekends.  Then, to her amazement, shortly after her call, Jorge Guerrero, sent up a beautiful bottle of white wine as well as a fruit/cheese tray and tray of chocolate-covered strawberries! Can you imagine this. WOW! Jorge Guerrero, has completely redefined the words 'customer service'.  Jorge also provided her with his personal contact information and told her to call him if she needed anything. He really bent over backwards to make them feel welcome. I really appreciated the personal attention my niece received.  They loved the location of the hotel which is on 7th Ave and 53rd. They walked to Times Square in 5 minutes...Rockefeller Center 5 minutes....5th Avenues stores...St. Patrick's Cathedral. Best possible location in Manhattan. Now everyone in my family wants to sign up for a Starwood Preferred Guest Credit card so that they can accumulate enough points to stay at the Sheraton New York Hotel and Towers with the staff headed by Jorge Guerrero!  This is absolutely the best place to stay in NYC. The level of customer service and personal attention and concern will exceed your expectations. I wouldn't stay anywhere else. Very HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! Thank you Jorge! You've just acquired a customer for life.	
Nov 17 2009 	never again....	My husband and I booked the hotel through priceline and let me tell you, how disappointing it was. This &quot;4 star&quot; (as suggested by priceline) is nowhere near that level. Firstly, front desk was not very pleasant upon arrival. When we walked into our room, you could see right away that this was not going to be enjoyable. The room was old, dusty and falling apart. The blinds to the windows were broken, the bathroom hadn't been cleaned and to top it all off, the heater was not working and only blowing out cold air. After several complaints and 2 maintenance men later, the hotel finally switched our room. My husband and I, had to grab all of our belongings and in our pajamas, switch rooms at 2 in the morning, only to be given another room with 2 double beds. This room still had no heat and it wasn't until the 4th maintenance man, that we were told that the entire hotel had no heat. In addition, our room was not cleaned. After a long day of walking through the city, we wanted to come back to the hotel and rest and wash up, only to find that our room hadn't been cleaned and so we had to call and wait for the cleaning lady to come and clean the room at 6 o'clock in the evening. The hotel is very loud with very thin walls...I could actually hear the person next to me speaking on his cellphone and I could even hear the person he was speaking to, if you can believe it!! We were definitely disappointed by this experience and would discourage anyone considering the stay.	
Nov 17 2009 	Fabulous Stay and wonderful service	I especially was impressed with the staff, particularly Jackie anbd Daria. I had left something in my hotel room and they were so helpful in assisting me in retrieving it. Very impressed and would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 16 2009 	Best Place to Stay with your Pets!	My husband and I stayed here for 5 nights, while I was traveling on business. At first we were a bit hesitant to bring our two small dogs to NYC, but the Sheraton made it easy. They arranged for doggie beds, food and water dishes, and made us all feel very welcome. The room was small (it's NYC!) but the amazingly attentive service, wonderful bed, huge tv, and GREAT shower more than made up for it. We will absolutely stay there again!	
Nov 14 2009 	This is a very conveniently located facility with great service.	I find this to be a very conveniently located facility with good customer service.	
Nov 13 2009 	Lovely stay at the Sheraton	Great location, and beautiful Room looking down towards Times Square. Every need was met and friendly service.	
Nov 11 2009 	Wonderful Acomodations--Wnderful Eperience!	My friend and I had the pleasure of staying at the Sheraton Hotel Towers in NY during the NY Marathon and our stay was absolutely flawless. The lobby was beautiful, and our room was immaculate. We had a great view of the city and Central Park from our room, and there is a time/temperature read out on top of one of the buildings that we could see from our room, so every morning we could see what the outdoor temperature was as we were getting ready for the day! The complimentary breakfast was simply wonderful--the selection was great, but the most impressive part of the spread was how fresh everything was--especially the fruit. Throughout our stay the hotel was full of activity--between the race, and the election (Mayor Bloomberg and his people hosted their election rally on site) the staff remained friendly and extremely helpful throughout our stay! The concierge also recommended a few great restaurants.One of the best things about our stay however was that everywhere we wanted to go in the city seemed to be within a few short blocks of the hotel. It is so conveniently located that we only once took a cab and that was simply because we hadn't acclimated to our surroundings.I would recommend this hotel to anyone--our stay was flawless and I will now stay here every time I come to the city.	
Nov 11 2009 	Central Location	I used to live in Manhattan and never would've lived anywhere near Times Square. Yet, when I come back to town, I love staying a little north of Times Square at the Sheraton since its location makes it easy to get around town. This hotel is ALWAYS busy, regardless of the time of year. However, it's clean and the staff is consummately pleasant, which make me happy.If you don't want to pay for wireless in your room, which is pricey, then bring your laptop down to the lobby and use your computer there since the lobby provides free internet service.I'm not so hot about the restaurant in the hotel, which charges a lot of money for not a lot of food. You're better off hopping a subway (or into a cab if you're there for business and can expense it) and getting breakfast elsewhere!Overall, I like this hotel. I've stayed there three times since I moved out of Manhattan and will continue to stay there again. Remember: location, location, location!	
Nov 11 2009 	Crappy room...fantastic location!	This hotel was chosen because of the conference rates. When I got to my room, it was a little rough around the edges. There were even bullet holes in the shower tile! To make it even worse was the fact that the walls were paper thin and you could hear the conversations in the room next door. Its only saving grace was the location. You definitely want to spend more time enjoying New York than sit in your hotel room. Right in the heart of the Theater district.	
Nov 9 2009 	I enjoyed my typical experience at the Sheraton NY.	I was blessed with an upgrade to a suite, which was waiting for me at 3:30. I sailed through check in, got into the room and onto the internet, then off to meetings. The location of the hotel is perfect since most of my meetings are mid-town. I did my usual workout on the elyptical and then machines--this is the best work out facilitiy of any hotel I have experienced. Club level conditions were excellent as usual; I was served by Mohammed. As a platinum guest, I am blessed to receive the hotel room upgrades, free internet, free workout and access to club lounge. Without giving account to the cost of a suite, the other freebies amount to about a $35-40 daily savings. Bill Russell, who oversees the front desk, has a good team to handle whatever comes up. Ahmed at the front desk corrected my billing statement. Guest relations director Jorge Guerro always seeks to provide for a pleasant visit.	
Nov 4 2009 	Pleased with stay in NYC	Great location. Great weekend in NYC. The reason I wanted to make this post was to recognize several of the employees at the hotel. Our group actually had one problem at check in.... things happen. The impressive thing was how Jorge the Guest Service manager went above and beyond to make sure our stay was a great experience.	
Nov 3 2009 	Location location location	I ran the NYC Marathon and my wife came with me to NYC---our first trip to NYC. I got this room on Priceline.com. I read some of the reviews on tripadvisor.com after this hotel accepted my bid and my heart sank when I read some of the very bad reviews...however, if and when we return to the big apple, we would be pleased to stay here again. Yes, the hallways on the 19th floor looked like they see a vacuum once a week, but the room was great and it was clean. And, the walls are thin. Maybe this is true for many older Manhattan hotels, I don't know. It was only a problem on Halloween night when party goers returned to their room at 3AM. But whatever, the location is fantastic. It is 5-10 minute walk from Times Square and 10-15 minute walk to Central Park. It is in the middle of just about everything. Plus, there is a subway stop (50th and Broadway) 2 blocks away...which gets you downtown or uptown in 25 minutes or less. Just don't pay full price on the Sheraton Web site, use priceline.com or something similar for 50-60% of advertised...get value at that price.	
Nov 2 2009 	Mixed Blessing	Great position, extremely busy lobby, tad tired around the edges, off-hand reception staff but very helpful housekeeping staff, good bar - friendly staff. All in all a mixed blessing. The hotel was very busy as it was the three day build up to the Marathon and the start of the World Series and they had large parties for each staying. I would not recommend the breakfast in Hudson's expensive and onions and chives mixed in all hot dishes. Better to go to Lindy's diner next door for a true NY experience.	
Oct 31 2009 	Great location for business travel	I enjoyed the location and the service. Lots to do within walking distance, and staff very friendly. Lounge area a bit too small and crowded when conferences are being held at the hotel.	
Oct 29 2009 	brillant	the staff were very helpful all of the time my only complaint was the lack of computers in ratio to guests and companies using the hotel	
Oct 29 2009 	Great hotel brilliant location and helpfull staff.	Stayed here for a week in october 09 with my girlfriend. Was going to be arriving in NYC late at night so emailed the hotel and asked if we could have a quiet room with good views. When we checked in the front desk confirmed this email and put us in a room away from the lifts, on the 38th floor with views down to times square, (stunning)The location is on 7th and 53rd, 10 mins walk to times square in one direction and central park in the other. With the slower pace of life another 10 mins walk into Hells kitchen.Our flights back to JFK were at 6:30pm and the hotel sugested a late checkout of 2pm at no extra cost.The doorman even hailed us a black town car to take us to the airport. Much better than a yellow cab as huge inside and the same price, although you can only pay cash $50 plus tip.Would stay in this hotel again. Some people have said that the rooms are a little small. We had a queen bed, desk and wardrobe in ours and it was plenty big enough. Dont know what people are moaning about.Dont forget to leave a tip for the house keeping each day and you will have all the towels and toiletries you could need.	
Oct 29 2009 	Won't stay here again	The drain in our tub was backed up, no water would drain. There is no ventilation in the bathroom - like a sauna after 2 showers. The fan on the heating/cooling unit was broken. Staff was unfriendly. Pay $400 for a night and they can't even hold onto your bags the next day for a few hours without charging you per bag. The front desk wants to blame a discrepancy on the reservation line, the reservation line wants to blame the front desk for not fixing it there. What a mess.	
Oct 29 2009 	Convenient location	Located midtown so very close to Times Square, Rockefeller Centre and Central Park. The kid's loved the complimentary use of the computers in the lobby and the large flat screen tv in the room. The cleaning of the room was a bit hit and miss ie. the room wasn't always hoovered or dusted every day during our 5 night stay and one day we were only provided with two towels for the 4 of us. Having said that, the beds were superbly comfortable and there was a nice selection of toiletries in the bathroom. Don't bother having breakfast in the coffee bar in the lobby, the coffee was awful and the pastries dry and expensive. Go to Pret a manger on 6th Avenue, much better coffee and better value! Guests at this hotel can use the pool at the Sheraton Manhattan over the road, we didn't have the time to avail ourselves of it so can't comment.	
Oct 28 2009 	A very comfortable and pleasant experience.	We enjoyed a very comfortable and pleasant stay and appreciated the personal attention we received in the form of a late night snack.	
Oct 28 2009 	Unhappy with Hotel	I was very unhappy with this hotel. When I booked online they promised me 2 beds and I only received one while I was staying there. They said that it should have been explained to me that it was not a guarantee. So one of us had to sleep on a cot for 4 days. Very uncomfortable and the room was so small there was barely any room to walk in there. The rugs were dirty and so was the tub. Also they had alot of students from somewhere there constantly on all the computers so it was hard to look anything up. They finally told me I could go to the business center but that ended up costing me amost .50 cents a minute. I will not stay at this hotel again. Better to pay a little more and be happy. Label themselves as a 4 star. Not at all more like a 2 or 3 star.	
Oct 28 2009 	I had a perfect weekend at the Sheraton!	The rooms were clean and spacious. We had drinks in the lobby bar and the staff was wonderful. We were greeted at the front desk by a wonderful and enthusiastic person. I had an emergency where I had left something home that I needed and she immediately referred me to a place I could go within a block of the hotel. I did and problem solved! We were treated wonderfully. The fact that the parking is within the building is extremely convenient. It was very nice to be able to check our bags on Sunday after check out. I felt that every courtesy was extended to us to make our stay as pleasant as possible.	
Oct 27 2009 	A very pleasant surprise	We booked the Sheraton Hotel in New York, because of the package deal with the airline tickets. What a pleasant surprise it was. The location was great, people were friendly &amp; helpful, Lobby was beautiful, and Mr. Guerrero, the guest services manager was super. We have stayed at several hotels in the Time Square area, and by far, this was the best for the money. Clean, friendly, and beautiful. * Starbucks in the lobby * Concierge purchased Broadway tickets for us. (no standing in lines)	
Oct 26 2009 	Great Location	If you can find a good deal on this hotel, it is a good stay. The location is great (between Times Square and Central Park), close to everything, in good condition, etc. Naturally, in Manhattan, the rooms are tiny, as are the beds. We did manage to do ok with two adults and two children though, but we were cramped, especially with the luggage and stroller. But, it seems comparable to other hotels in the area. You do have to pay $15/day for the internet connection, but that also seems to be the norm for the area.	
Oct 25 2009 	Not up to usual Sheraton standards	Stayed at the Sheraton New York Towers for three nights following a cruise. We are Starwood preferred guests and have stayed in many Sheraton hotels around the world. This was the worst we have stayed in. Yes, the location is excellent, but the cleanliness leaves a lot to be desired. The room we stayed in on floor 39 was well worn and, as another reviewer has said, the blinds were flithy. The room was very dark which was probably a good thing. There was no hairdryer in the room and despite four phone calls, one still hadn't arrived. Because of this we were given a compliementary breakfast, which, at a cost of over 27 dollars was a 'rip off'. On the positive side I have to say the staff on reception were extremely polite and helpful.I would not recomment this hotel.	
Oct 25 2009 	excellent location	convenient transportation-subway at corner, buses across the street. Taxis everywhere! Concierge service, across the street is a NY info store. Easy walk to Lincoln Center per my elderly mother who used a front-wheeled walker! Comfortable handicap room, had a fold down bench in the walk in shower and easy to use flexi-hose shower head. Attentive floor staff, comp Starbuck coffee &amp; packets of tea for in-room brewer.. Comfortable beds. Very nice Guest Relation staff esp Jorge Guerrero (PM shift) while we were there. Hotel has security stationed by the elevators observing and confirming registered guests. Internet available for guests in the Lobby - very busy. SMOKE-FREE! Free safe in-room . Bliss products, ample towels.- hotel has plans for 2011 renovations. Rooms are showing some wear and dated design. Our TV was a new model. Lots of daytime natural lighting. soft in room lights for PM. Happy with our stay. Would consider a Club Level.	
Oct 24 2009 	Excellent service fantastic location highly recommended	We have just come back from a 4 night stay at the Sheraton, Firstly its location is great. Only a couple of mins from Central Park and you are right near Times Square and Broadway. The rooms were clean and tidy and beds changed with fresh sheets every day, the rooms are about the same size as travelodge rooms maybe a little bigger but they are more than adequate for a place to stay. We was out most of the day and night and used the hotel as a base to sleep. I would definatly return their, the service from the staff was expectional. The only thing to be careful of is the charges - the hotel is quite expensive but then so is most of New York $24 for 2 bottlesof Bud on room service and whatever you do DONT use the phones in the hotel to call home, we didnt realise how expensive the call charges were and we had a high phone bill when we left, you can buy a phone card for $2 which gives you about 10 mins. There is a nice deli right across the road that sells a good selection of sarnies and coffee etc, we used that rather than the starbucks in the hotel as it was just so dear.Tours - Everything that you really need to do and see is within walking distance but we would recommend the city limit tours, if you see a guide outside the hotel (they wear blue and yellow) they will give you the best package depending on what you want to do. One thing we did do is book the tickets for the empire state building before we went and we got the express tickets which is highly recommened, you skip all the queues and you really dont want to waste all that time in the queues especially if its busy. Woodbury common is good if you buy alot of desiger clothes you will prob find it cheaper their, its a designer retail oulet very much like bicester village. We found a few bargins there but unless you are reallly into designer stuff i wouldnt really bother we spent a whole day there which on reflection was a bit of a waste. If you are only staying for a few days and trying to fit alot in you can see the statue of liberty but unless you really want to go on the viewing tower you could just stay on the boat. You can still take some great photos and see how big she is but once you get off the boat there isnt alot to do but look at it.The night tour is good and takes you down to Broklyn Bridge and the uptown and downtown tours are also good too. At central park its worth paying for a bike guide to take you round as its massive and unless you want to spend all day there this is a quicker way of seeing it all - it was very relaxing and they give you loads of information that we wouldnt of really known what we was looking at had we of walked around. Generally New York like most of the other big world cities is expensive and the tipping thing is big there, on average we found they add 18% onto your bill and lunch / dinner for 4 was coming out at about $160. Im sure there are cheaper places but we just didnt find them. I would highly recommend Dave's Famous BBQ Ribs- excellent food, good choice of menu, and you feel like you have had your monies worth. Wouldnt recommend Ellens Stardust Diner, food very expensive and not good value for money at all. Sheraton New York gets a good thumbs up from us and will stay there again should we return to New York	
Oct 23 2009 	Sheraton New York Exceeds Our Expectations Once Again	We are Platinum Starwood members and call the Sheraton New York Hotel and Towers our home in the city. Once again, Jorge Guerrero and the guest services staff have exceeded our expectations. The minute we pick up the phone to call we are greeted by name and get immediate assistance. Upon check-in, the front desk staff was very pleasant and accommodating. We were upgraded to a beautiful junior suite thanks to Bill Russell in the front office. When we call for something from room service it is received in an accurate and timely manner thanks to John Huttenberger. Our room was ready when promised. We thoroughly enjoy breakfast in the club lounge and especially getting to see our friend, Mohammed. The location is the best in New York. You can walk anywhere, Central Park, Times Square, Bloomingdale's, Rockefeller Center. There is a subway stop right next to the hotel on 53rd. The fitness center has everything you need for a good work out. Excellent restaurants surround you like Remi and Bar Americain. This is a hotel that I can be as comfortable in as my own home and I am a clean freak! We will be returning in the very near future.	
Oct 23 2009 	In the heart of NYC so much to do and it's all right there!	Our stay at the Sheraton provided us with being in the heart of the city with the subway right around our corner to whatever we needed. We came to see a Yankees game, check out ground zero and see the Letterman Show. Our hotel was very nice, rooms were a bit small, but in the midwest we are used to a larger hotel room. The breakfast buffet was fabulous, but quite pricey ($68 for two). Service was top notch, people at the front desk were very accommodating.	
Oct 22 2009 	One of the best hotels I have every stayed in	This hotel was truly 1st class, we have been to New York a few times but by far this is the best place we have every stayed in.	
Oct 21 2009 	Exceptional service warm 	I travel often to New York for business. I often try to stay in a Starwood property because I am a Preferred Guest there. In fact, I traditionally stay at the Westin in Times Square. However, my last stay at the Westin was a horrible experience. This time I opted for the Sheraton New York Hotel &amp; Towers. It's right across the street from the Sheraton Manhattan (and often confused), but this is the superior hotel. My stay was exceptional. Immediately upon my arrival I was met by a delightful and helpful front desk attendant. She upgraded my room immediately (in the spirit of full disclosure, I'm a Platinum level guest). I had a few specifics I needed help with, including a refrigerator because I'm nursing a new baby. She was happy to assist. When I entered room 4801, it exceeded all my expectations. It had views from 3 sides of the hotel, including the river. Nice decorations and included a den, dining area, office, bar, 2 bathrooms and bedroom. I was extremely pleased and surprised. During the course of my stay, I was met with stellar service from housekeeping to in-room dining. The thai soup with shrimp is very good. One thing that is worthwhile is the Club-level ammenities (whether you are a Starwood preferred guest or pay the small upgrade to use). You are able to partake in both the full continental breakfast in the morning, as well as the happy hour appetizers and treats in the afternoon. A great way to start and end your day at the hotel. On my last evening, someone from the GM's office called to inquire about my stay. and I told them about my service, experience and stay thus far. I also noted how disappointed I was in my recent Westin stay (when I treated my Mother to a trip to NYC to attend the US Open). I provided specifics on both what their hotel was doing well and what I was upset about with regard to the Westin. Within 15 minutes of that call, I received another from Jorge Guerrero, the Guest Service Center Manager. He thanked me for taking the time to complete their quick survey and asked if he could send up a treat compliments of the hotel for my time. To my delight a great bottle of red wine as well as a fruit/cheese tray and tray of chocolate-covered strawberries arrived shortly thereafter. Jorge provided me with his personal contact information and insisted that anytime I was back in the city to make him aware of my stay so that he could take good care of me I will NOT HESISTATE to return to this exceptional hotel. When you're traveling away from family and dealing with the rush of a long, crazy business day - this is absolutely the place to stay in NYC. Believe me, I frequent the city and have stayed in numerous hotels. I've already told our travel department that I don't want to stay anywhwere else. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.	
Oct 19 2009 	My valuables were safe	I checked out of the Sheraton on a Tuesday morning and got to my next hotel (in Soho) at 10:30 pm Tuesday night - only to realize that I left my Amazon Kindle and video iPod in the safe at the Sheraton. After an attempt to retrieve the goods that night (without any luck), I called back the next morning and security went in and recovered my stuff. I was thrilled (after being unhopeful) that there still are honest people and places in this world. Thanks Sheraton!	
Oct 18 2009 	High price... Low standards...	In a nutshell, this is not a 4 star hotel. It's like a beautiful waxed apple that is rotten inside.Positive- Extremely helpful concierge- Free internet- Good locationNegative- The room was not ready until 3:30 PM (check in 2 PM)- Climat control was broken. The engineer came to look at it. He twisted and turned the knob and said that we should wait until 8PM as the heat will be turned on centrally then. He never came back to check on it later and the heat never worked. We decided it was not worth our time dealing with it.- The shower was barely warm and the water pressure was very low. I was actually shivering after the shower. The receptionist was sympathetic and gave us $50 credit and sent an engineer to fix the shower (which was hot afterwords).- Cheap hair dryer - took forever to dry my hair...- No fridge. I actually placed some chopped vegetables over the juices in the bar fridge. The next day we came back at night and the vegetables were disrespectfully sitting on the counter with a note from the maid that we're not allowed to use this fridge but we could rent one. The vegetables were bad and I had to throw them out...- The bed was not particularly comfortable- There was mold in the bathroom in 3 places... see pictures (4 star? Maybe not...)In the course of the week I stayed at 2 different Sheratons and I was overall disappointed. My expectations were a lot higher. It seems that they cut corners and not really value their guests (especially the ones with the preferred guest card!)	
Oct 18 2009 	Best Guest Service Manager Ever!	I recently had a 4-night stay at this perfectly located Midtown hotel. I was attending a professional meeting held onsite, and the hotel was completely booked. As a Starwood Platinum member I expected some type of a room upgrade and was very disappointed at check-in when I did not receive one. After getting off to a rocky start with some facility and service problems on the first day I made one phone call to guest services--the best phone call I could have made. Jorge Guerrero, the Guest Service Center Manager of the hotel answered my call, listened carefully to my concerns about my stay up to that point, and from then on felt that I had a personal services advocate to ensure that the remainder of my stay was perfect. And Jorge did just that.I have never experienced this level of personal experience before--this coming from a seasoned business traveler who has spent on average about 150 nights per year in a hotel room, both in the U.S. and international, over the past 10 years. I have stayed at some of the best high-end properties in the world. I wish there were a &quot;Jorge Guerrero&quot; at every hotel in which I have stayed or will stay in the futue.Jorge immediately arranged for a room upgrade to a beautiful suite on a high floor with corner views of 7th Ave south to Times Square and west to the river. Little things like sending a bottle of wine, a fruit tray, or some small deserts, all arranged by Jorge, made me feel special and completely enhanced my experience. Jorge actually checked in with me every day to ensure that my needs were being met. When I would request something from guest services I would receive a follow-up call to make sure that my requests were met. What more could a customer want? His attentiveness to my needs completely changed my view about the hotel and whether or not I would choose to stay at the Sheraton again. The answer to that is an easy one---absolutely! In fact I am looking forward to my next stay at the Sheraton NY Hotel and Towers. Thank you, Jorge!!!	
Oct 17 2009 	Great customer service-great location-very responsive staff!	The location of this hotel is excellent. Walking distance to so many attractions including Times Square and Central Park. Started great with very friendly staff outside and at the front desk. Housekeepers were all friendly and accomodating. When we needed housekeeping to come because we were in the room when they came by the first time, we got an amazing response from managers Jorge Guerrero and Joe Casas. They were very concerned about our complete satisfaction and bent over backwards to make our stay wonderful. The Club lounge on the 44th floor is awesome! The views are great and the breakfast buffet is first rate. For NYC this is a reasonably priced hotel and the staff and management really make a difference. I will staff here again when I return on business or pleasure. HerbS	
Oct 16 2009 	Very Average Hotel	The hotel was very average all around. The room was small but that is expected in NYC. The bathroom desperatly needs updating and there was stains on the carpet. My previous trips I stayed in more luxury hotels but this time I went with a budget hotel. You get what you pay for. I did have some trouble after leaving when I saw my credit card was charged even though I paid cash. I called the hotel and left a message but noone returned my call, so I emailed Starwood and got the charge reversed. I also had the exchange fees as I am Canadian and after some very fustrating emails I got those reversed as well. All in all it was a nice trip but I will not stay at they Sheraton Towers again. I will spend a little extra and get something special.	
Oct 15 2009 	Great Location 	Met wife, who was there for a conference at Radio City around the corner and stayed for 4 days. Nice hotel, in the middle of everything. Close to Central Park, Subway right out the front doors, close to theaters, Times Square, restaurants etc. Couple of small issues, one with a wake up call that did not happen. They upgraded our room, gave us access to club level and sent a bottle of wine up the next night. &quot;Nice Touch&quot;. The light breakfast was nice but watch out for the 5-8pm offering. I thought it was snacks &amp; drinks however our 3 drinks came to $45.00. Hmmmm, I must not have read the fine print.Overall however, I'd have to recommend the hotel. We've stayed at allot of hotels all over the world, A-Z, and while this is not the most elegant you'll find it's a good value with comfortable beds a nice lobby and a staff who are trying to do it right. With regards to close eating:You have to try the cart on 53rd and 6th. (Just 1 block)We got there at 1am and there were about 40 people in line. WOW.Saffron Rice, Chicken, Lamb Beef and a pita. A mix between Persian and Greek but with an American flair. What a meal for $8! And it's awesome!Try Carnigie's (7th &amp; 55th, 1 block ) for Pastrami &amp; Corned Beef sandwich. Best I have EVER had. Not cheap however $23 for a sandwich and expect a line. We split one between 3 of us and we were all full. They charge $3 for each person who's splitting. Sounds like allot but TOTALLY worth it.We also did Bar America, Bobby Flay's restaurant (1 block) VERY nice! Hope this helps you!	
Oct 15 2009 	Terrible experience	This was a terrible hotel that clearly survives on the strength of the Sheraton name. From unpleasant staff, to dirty - no make that filthy rooms, the entire experience was one I will avoid when I return to Manhattan in the future. The location is great and the views amazing, but the simple things were just not done right. Try the lower rated, but much nicer Hilton Garden Inn in Chelsea.	
Oct 14 2009 	Nice room but hotel is loud crowded and pricey.	If you don't mind crowds, paying for everything, and long lines at checkin/checkout, then stay here. All in all, the hotel was acceptable. The room was very nice (clean &amp; comfy). But I paid top dollar for it so it should have been! The staff was helpful (I used the concierge once and got some very good advice). And the location was exactly what I wanted (a little removed from the hustle and bustle of Times Sq, but well within walking distance). But I felt the hotel &quot;nickel-and-dimed&quot; me for everything. While WIFI access is free in the lobby (you have to wait in line if you want to use their computers) if you bring a laptop and want to use it in your room, you have to pay for internet access. You also have to pay to use the gym (an extra $10 per day per guest!). They also did me the &quot;courtesy&quot; of holding my bags after checkout.... for another $18. After paying &gt;$300/night for my room, I expected a few more ammenities without having to pay for them.	
Oct 13 2009 	Great Customer Service	Stayed three nights and the highlight was the attentive customer service provided by Jorge Guerrero (the Guest Service Center Manager) and his diligent staff. A real surprise for such a big, bustling place...The hotel has a great location in mid-town, near Times Square, Central Park and Rockefeller Center.	
Oct 12 2009 	Location couldn't be better!	The location of this hotel is perfect. Just a couple blocks from Central Park, Times Square, Rockefellar Center and the subway. The rooms left a little something to be desired. The hotel was full and we must have been the last people to check-in, so we ended up with a handicapped room. The shower was just a curtain across part of the bathroom and a drain in the floor. We ended up having water all over the floor everytime we showered which was kind of annoying. The bed was comfortable, but the room was not big at all. The staff was friendly and helpful, especially considering the amount of people that they always seemed to be dealing with. I would go back again as long as I got a decent price on the room, because the location was the best. However, rates can be pretty high there.	
Oct 11 2009 	Good ... depends how much you pay	I went to NYC with 2 friends. This was my forth time going (first time at this hotel). Originally I had booked a room with 2 beds. I knew rooms were small in the city and I told my friend's this, but they insisted to keep the reservation. I wanted a suite but they didn't have any but when I arrived they did, but I didn't like the rate I received. I have an Amer. Exp. Starwood card so I had a 50% off the rack rate coupon. I used that and I would not pay anything higher than the price they gave me to stay at this hotel. The rack rate is overpriced because of how old the hotel is (building built in the 1920's?).I ended up getting my own room and they placed me on the &quot;starwood preferred guest floor.&quot; The room was old, which is typical for nyc. The bed was good and the bathroom was in good condition, but small. The desk and AC needs improvements. The knob to adjust the AC was broken. I also would NOT touch the mini bar. My friend's moved some stuff and they charged them, but I was able to get them removed. The hotel and room was clean. Service was okay. It's a really busy hotel. From 2pm to 6 it is absolutely crazy. I arrived early to the hotel to check in and received the &quot;typical&quot; nyc attitude. When I arrived back I talked to a few good people. The person who put me on the spg floor was nice and courteous. I didn't eat at the hotel. There are 2 cafe's outside the hotel on 53rd st. One has outdoor seating. I don't know the name of the place, but it was a lot better than the place across the street called lindas? The location is good if you want to be a tourist. After going a few times to NYC my best suggestion is to get a room at battery park/downtown. I would have paid a little higher to stay at the Ritz-Carlton in battery park than this place. Also there regular rooms are 1.5x times the size of my basic room. Also the area appears newer than midtown. Going from midtown to downtown is pretty simple. Transportation to the airport was great. The hotel has drivers with S-Class Mercedes. Took one of those for $40. A taxi was $30. I would suggest this if you want a little comfort. When going to the hotel I took a shuttle and paid $45 for 3 people. It is best to get a taxi or get in a black lincoln cars. Don't go to ground transportation.	
Oct 10 2009 	This is what "customer service" should be.	I recently had a weekend stay at this hotel; and was received in the usual efficient and polite manner. Upon arrival, I asked for more pillows and towels, and received them right away. I needed info on a certain type of restaurant; and I was given a menu, directions, and an opinion. I asked for a late check-out, and it was granted right away. The stay was a very good one. Then, two weeks later, I realized that I had left my robe in the room (it may sound like 'only a robe', but I had just received it as a gift at the hotel). Initially, it could not be located by &quot;lost &amp; found&quot;. Then, I was forwarded to the Guest Sevice-Center Manager, Jorge Guerrero, who took it upon himself to follow-up on all the possibilities, and did locate my robe. He had his assistant, Karalynn, send the robe back to me. He then invited me to contact him, if I needed anything else in this matter. As I put in the title of this review: THIS IS WHAT &quot;CUSTOMER SERVICE&quot; SHOULD BE !!!	
Oct 9 2009 	Great hotel	Wouldn't stay anywhere else. VERY friendly staff. VERY clean rooms. AWESOME location.	
Oct 8 2009 	Rooms too small	On our recent stay we found this to be a nice, centrally located hotel to Times Square, but the room was so small and the bathroom very outdated. Compared to another hotel in the same location that we recently visited we were disappointed in the room for the comparable cost.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great location good service upgrade to Club Level!	First time taking the family to New York, This hotel was located nicely between Time Square and Central Park. Wonderful views. Nice service and room. Upgraded to the Club Level and had wonderful appetizers and drinks in the evening. Would stay again.	
Oct 8 2009 	great location for a NYC visit	My husband, 9 yo daughter and I stayed here for a weekend trip to NYC to celebrate my 40th birthday. The room rate was reasonable, and included a very nice breakfast buffet, which was a good deal. The location is perfect for sightseeing in Manhattan, and we found the room to be nice and the staff to be helpful. I would definitely return.	
Oct 8 2009 	This place is horrible	I travel a lot for work and have stayed in my share of good hotels and bad hotels. This was by far one of the worst places I have ever stayed. Something must have leaked in the first room they put me in because the carpet was soaked. I literally stepped in a puddle when I went to close the blinds. Because of the drenched carpet, the entire room had started to smell like mold. They put me up in a different room, and the TV never worked. You also could not control the room's temperature. Whenever I called the front desk, no assistance was provided. In addition, the rooms are very small. In addition to the rooms, the hotel was always way too busy and hectic. I was there for 3 weeks for work. The first week was a modeling and acting convention for a bunch of teenager girls. They were constantly pushing people out of the way to get on and off of elevators. The second week was a dancing convention. People were literally dancing in the hallways and lobbies, not caring that no one could walk by them without being in danger of being kicked or hit by someone flailing around. During the third week, a group of people participating in a triathalon were staying in the hotel. Again, the elevators were taken over by people with bikes. I would have to wait forever for an avaialble elevator. I understand that the hotel is right in the middle of one of the busiest sections of the city. I have stayed in other hotels in the same area, though, and never had as many problems as I had in this hotel.	
Oct 8 2009 	Good location - needs an overhaul	Not that frequently you open your room and find someone else's stuff there (luckily no people were in the room). As a compensation for this mistake, they upgraded us to the so called &quot;concierge level&quot; which did not have any concierge services whatsoever running on weekends (not even a breakfast). The room was moderately remodelled (LCD TV, updated bathroom, etc.) yet the furniture is definitely from the last century.Ask for upper floors - it is reasonably quiet there for a big city. Hard to beat the location.	
Oct 8 2009 	Combination of the best location amenities and service for the midtown business traveler	The location is convenient whether you are walking to meetings in midtown, taking the subway or taxi downtown, or looking for a close place to grab breakfast, lunch, or dinner...either for a business meeting or solo grab &amp; go. GREAT service....people make the difference and everybody at the hotel is aware of their guests and ready to go out of their way to serve. Clean and available equipment in a gym that is easy to access. Quick room service delivery. Great internet access in the rooms and in the lobby. Recent renovations have only improved an already great situation.	
Oct 8 2009 	Superior Service	Checked in and found room A/C not working. Called down to speak to the front desk and the Manager on duty Jorge Guerrero not only responded to my call, he personally came up to the 20th floor with I believe Victor an engineer. They accessed our a/c and found it non responsive. They quickly moved all of our luggage into a larger room and also credited our account for the trouble. I was so impressed with this service I booked two more nights with Sheraton. He made what could have been a dissaster a wonderful stay.	
Oct 5 2009 	GREAT HOTEL WITH EXCELLENT STAFF	Beautiful Hotel. And Joy at the front desk has excellent customer service. She went beyond her job to help us. This was our second visit to this Hotel we would highly recommend it. Location is great, staff is wonderful, very clean &amp; comfortable.	
Oct 5 2009 	How Many Bedside Tables In A Double Room?	Usually you would find two bedside tables in a double room, but in our room in there was only one, which made me think that this was a single room! The bed was rather small for a double, infact it was smaller than the beds you get in UK hotel rooms! We were only in New York for three nights, but any longer and we would have had to move rooms because it was so uncomfortable! Truth be told this was a single room, see attached photos!	
Oct 5 2009 	Fantastic Hotel Superb location.	Visiting from the U.K for our 25th wedding aniversary.After reading different reviews of this hotel on the Travel Adviser site, we were quite concerned having booked the Sheraton for our 5 night stay in New York. So it was with some trepidation when we arrive mid Afternoon. I don’t know why we had worried so much as they were totally unfounded. We were greeted by a very pleasant concierge who took our suitcases from us and directed us to the reception area, there were a couple of people in front of us checking in, when it was our turn we were directed to the premium check in (even thought we hadn’t booked premium rooms) After going through the formalities a porter was called who’s name was Robert a very pleasant chap, he chatted all the the way to our room which was on the 17th floor. It was a nice pleasant room, very clean, a nice Queens size bed, the view wasn’t much to look at, but this is the in the centre of New York. The air con was going full blast, but that was soon sorted by turning it down. Robert told us that we couldn’t have chosen a better Hotel as it’s centrally located to everything, we were about 5mins walk to Times Square and Broadway, about 10mins walk to Central park the other way, 10 mins walk to the Rockerfeller Centre and about 20 mins walk to the Empire State Building , he was certainly spot on. The safe in the room had been left shut by the previous people, so after a couple of calls to reception a security chap came up and sorted it for us. The house keeping was superb, clean towels and face clothes every day, everything stocked up, the bathroom was always spotlessly cleaned, we couldn’t fault it at all. We ran low on Tea and Coffee one day, that was soon rectified by a call to the house keeping, within half an hour more supplies were brought to our room. The Hotel has free internet P.C s for guests to use staying at the Hotel, which was very useful for sending emails back home etc, also it had a dedicated P.C for checking in for your Flights back home or internal ones again free of charge.The Hotel is very busy as it holds lots of Conferences, but as we didn’t spend much time there it didn’t bother us.Like all Hotels it was quite expensive to eat and have a drink, but we found that with New York in general, like all big cities.We did manage to find some reasonably prices places to eat and drink, a lot of places had happy hours usually between about 4 and 7 or 8 late afternoon early evening, other than that it was about $8 for a beer and about $4 for a soda and not always with free refills.If you want to go a Broadway show, book before you go, as many of the top shows are booked weeks in advance, so we didn’t get to see a show.There is so much to see and do in New York , you’ll probably run out time, I think we managed to see about all we wanted to over the 5 days we were there.We were told not to visit the Empire State Building during the day as it gets very busy and you could be waiting hours to get to the observation tower, ignoring this advice we got our tickets and arrived mid morning, we were quite surprised , none of the expected crowds, there was a bit of a queue but it was moving quite steady. Within about half an hour we were on the 86th floor for the viewing tower, when we got there, there was plenty of room to take photo’s, no pushing or shoving (as we were led to believe) the views were absolutely stunning and well worth the price to visit. After some liquid refreshment and lunch, we then walked to the Rockerfeller Centre about a 25 min walk, we were told it would be quieter than the Empire State, in fact it was much busier, but still not much queuing, you only go to the 69th floor so the views aren’t quite so good, but you get a better view of central park. Talking of Central park that’s a must visit, we went on the Saturday it was nice warm day, you can take a horse and carriage ride around the park for about half an hour cost $40 including tip, but we decided to walk, beware of the joggers and cyclists they think they have right of way all the time. Again there was lots of things going on, we spent quite a few hours there, it was most enjoyable. We would certainly recommend anyone to stay at the Sheraton Hotel and Towers.	
Oct 3 2009	Sheridan New York Hotel and Towers	We were fortunate to be in New York last week during the United Nations Security Council meetings. The Clinton Global Initiative was also headquartered at the New York Sheridan, and it was all very exciting. The down side was that we were not able to check into our Concierge level room, because the events, I assume overbooked those floors. I spoke to the desk, they accommodated us a room upgrade, and a nice bottle of wine as an apology. It was handled very well.We were given the choice to stay or move to the upper levels, and we chose to stay. I wrote the hotel, and expressed our disappointment for the initial check-in and in addition to there great gestures while there, worked quickly and professionally to reach out to us and make it right. We were so impressed, I've posted my first review of any kind, to express our appreciation for their customer care. Looking back, I hardly think we were ready to room next to Mr. Clinton or his staff, and we had a great experience in the best possible location in Manhattan. We'll be back.	
Oct 1 2009 	The Best experience I've had and I'm a hotel owner.	The best way to describe my experience is to say that everything was perfect. I'm a hotel owner and very critical about the guest experience. The entire process was great from the time I checked in till I checked out. I asked to up grade my accommodations and it was done at no charge, went to the room and ordered room service, the food arrived quickly and it was wonderful. The daily Internet connection charge was waived when I inquired about wireless and even offered to send up a bottle of wine, which I declined. The staff was friendly, knowledgeable and always willing togo out of there way to help. Keep up the good work, I'll be back..	
Oct 1 2009 	Excellent Rates and Very Friendly reservations staff	I had to come to NYC for work. I made my reservation with in house reservations. Sharon was extremely helpful and was able to accomodate my traveling budget. She had immediate response anytime I got in touch with her and the rate was great. The property is in great shape. Great location and easy to get anywhere when needed. I would bring my family back since so it's close to theaters as well.	
Sep 29 2009 	Dirty and Dumpy	It has taken me two months to calm down enough to comment on this hotel. I am not sure if there are different rooms available to different people... I can't imagine how this hotel boasts decent reviews. Our room was filthy, small and bug infested. I was very uncomfortable here and would never ever return. We were also double billed and have yet to resolve the issue with management. Stay there if you like, but dont say I didnt warn you.	
Sep 29 2009 	Comfortable and Efficient	I stayed in the Sheraton with my wife during our weekend stay in New York. The room were clean and comfortable with a view of 7th Ave and was everything we had expected of the hotel. At reception we were processed speedily and efficiently but I would not stretch to friendly. I spent a bit of time around the large reception area where the reception, concierge, tour and desk captain desks are located and I struggled to find a smiling face. If you are looking for a centrally located, comfortable and efficient hotel then this will be the place to come .. if you are looking for that little bit extra of customer service then perhaps not. I will give them the benefit of a very busy week (the end of &quot;UN Week&quot;) but a smile or two wouldn't have been too hard ... it would make you feel like they meant it when they said &quot;Have a nice day&quot; !	
Sep 27 2009 	Great hotel awesome location	Incredible location, right near the theater district and south of Central Park. Lobby leads you to believe it might be a 5 star, but more of a 4 star in the rooms. A great hotel, you can tell that it is an older hotel that has been nicely renovated. Flat screens in bedroom, down pillows. No problems at all. I would highly recommend this hotel, we got an incredible rate on Hotwire. Beacon Restaurant 3 blocks north.	
Sep 26 2009 	A great central hotel to stay in.	A great place to stay, staff was very helpful when asked about subway trains to local attractions. We had 3 people staying in the room and had to request more coffee twice and the housekeeping staff sent it up right away. Jorge Guerra's team are very good, get to the problem immediately. The maid on the 22nd floor was always very pleasant, sorry did not get her name but made sure that we had all that we required.	
Sep 25 2009 	Wonderful experience great location even better service.	My kids and I had the good fortune to have the Sheraton New York Hotel &amp; Towers recommended to us by a friend. The location was perfect for the kids' first experience in New York and seeing Broadway shows. The service, however, blew me away, especially the Guest Service Center Manager, Jorge Guerrero. He was what I consider &quot;old school&quot; in that he could anticipate our needs before we even asked, and delivered that service with respect and dignity. Everyone on the staff was thoroughly committed to providing the best service and making sure our family had the perfect &quot;New York Experience.&quot; Looking forward to staying at the Sheraton New York on our next trip!	
Sep 24 2009 	the friendliest treat ever in a hotel of these dimensions	from the very moment we arrived, a charm doorman welcomed us. the reception inside was very warm, which we apreciated so much as I was travelling whith my 81-year-old mother and her 73-year-old sister. I can not say anything but wonders about this very well situated hotel as it is people who make things nice and people here are 100% top.	
Sep 22 2009 	largeclean and centrally located for leisure trip	Stayed here for 5 nights on a Virgin package. A large, clean hotel but very busy and in an ideal location for a leisure visit. Rooms were standard size but to be expected in New York. Dining facilities poor, very expensive and not recommended. Plenty of diners and restaurants within walking distance open all hours so after first day eat out relatively cheaply and easily. City coach tours strongly recomended and pick up is 100 yards from hotel. Went on both day tours and an evening tour., Most taxi drivers do not speak English and do not help with luggage etc. My wife uses a walking stick but no help at all. Hotel staff very good in this connection. Tips expected for everything.	
Sep 21 2009 	I hit the jackpot!	On my first trip to NYC I looked for a hotel with a central location that would keep everything in walking distance. I was pleased that it met that expectation without an issue. I was also pleased that the hotel room wasn't as cramped as others have stated. Given that it's New York City, I felt that I was spoiled in terms of size and how clean it was. I was also happy with the beds. I've never slept better at a hotel than I did whilst I was there. The room was never too hot or too cold. I also give a thumbs up for the shower. Most hotels that I've been to have had weak water pressure which made it an ordeal to rinse the shampoo and conditioner out of my hair. Not with this one. It was nice and strong. The one thing that made me happy was that I was meeting friends, who chose this hotel on my recommendation, say that they were pleased as well. The only drawback was paying $14.95 for internet service. I would have gone into the lobby to access the wireless but was too lazy to and prefer surfing in privacy. They do offer complimentary computers as well but there may be a line of people waiting for them depending on what time of day you want to use it. When I come back to NYC, I will be staying here again.	
Sep 21 2009 	Good and confortable	We have been in the hotel 5 days long in August and we have found a good accomodation, polite service and reception. Being preferred guest we have also access to a suitable &quot;club&quot; al 44th floor. Interesting as a snack between afternoon walk and dinner	
Sep 21 2009 	A fine stay in Midtown	I recently stayed at the Sheraton with a bachelorette party. Overall, our experience was fine, but I certainly wouldn't pay full price if I were to ever stay again. (And I do visit NYC every couple of months.)We were a group of 7 looking for a convenience midtown location. Booked through hotwire and got a good deal for two rooms ($525 for both). The hotel is a bit of a zoo. It's huge and there are people everywhere in the lobby at all hours. For that reason, I wouldn't suggest the hotel for business travelers.The rooms weren't ready when we arrived at the hotel at about 11 a.m. So, we left our bags with the hotel. Bell hop who took the bags was very friendly. (Note: leaving bags prior to check in is free, but $3.25 per back after check out.) And off we went to the first leg of the party. When we returned, the rooms were ready. They were small by national standards, but normal for NYC. We were a bit tight at four people in the room, but we knew that would be the case. The beds were quite comfortable and the bathroom adequate, though small. My only true complaint was that the maids opened our door at 9 a.m. on Sunday morning. I didn't hear a knock prior to noticing the door open, though one of my friends said there was a slight knock. I understand they have lots of rooms to turn over, but I can't imagine that most people are up and out on a Sunday morning prior to 9 a.m. Seems to me that it can't be that hard for the front desk to communicate check outs so that the maids aren't bothering guests. Useful things to know -- the hotel is easily walkable to Times Square and a lot of the Midtown sites (the Rock, Central Park, etc.). Be aware that everything will be priced accordingly. (I bought a bottle of water and one of gatorade at the deli across the streed for $8 and breakfast at Lindy's next door was about $25/person for luke warm diner eggs.) Also, don't confuse the hotel with the Sheraton Manhattan across the street.	
Sep 20 2009 	Disgusting rooms.	Pro:-great locationCons:-small room-dirty room-dirty room-dirty.I have never stayed in a hotel so disgusting! Actually, the hotel was ok, but the room they gave me was terrible. I attached pictures to this review. You can see dust on the blinds, old and dirty heating system and a shower curtain full of mould. The staff was ok. Uninspired and bored, but fine. I don't know if I got the &quot;Priceline Special Treatment&quot;, but that hotel was such a disappointment. Make yourself a favor: stay elsewhere.	
Sep 18 2009 	Stay the heck away from the elevators	This is a fine hotel. Nothing special but clean and just fine. But god almighty, stay away from the elevator bank. If your room abutts the elevator bank you can hear the goddam elevator going up and down all night and for some inexplicable reason they put a 90 decible bell to let you know when the elevator arrives with an ear shattering &quot;ding!&quot;. Holy Christ, if I am waiting for an elevator I will know it shows up when the damn door opens up. I don't need a ding that can be heard in westchester. Nor do the people in room 644 who paid 300 bones to listen to an elevator ding all night.	
Sep 17 2009 	Try to find something better!	Our room was tiny. Smallest hotel room I've ever stayed in and for $468 PER NIGHT. (and they told us ours was the biggest because it was on the corner. Said the other rooms were even smaller!) It also was musty smelling. The air just worked on one setting--would go no cooler or warmer. Two DOUBLE beds (they only have Queens/Kings in their suites) The pillows were the flattest ever and whatever it was made with made this terrible noise whenever you moved around. Like a plastic sheet sound. The room was Filthy! The carpet was absolutely disgustingly dirty and there was mold on the shower walls. When we complained about it to the front desk all she said was &quot;sorry about that sir&quot; Our tub drain was plugged--did eventually drain after several hours. We called and told them about that but it wasn't fixed until 2 days later. When we checked in we asked for more pillows and blankets and were told they would be there shortly. 4 hours later they were still not there so we called again. Did get them at that time. No fridge. Felt the desk staff was abrupt and cold. The conceirge just never knew anything! Not friendly staff at all. I would never stay in this hotel again and will tell anyone I know going to NY NOT to!	
Sep 16 2009 	Great Location	This was our first trip to New York City. The hotel is situated only a short walk to either Times Square or Central Park. You can not beat the location. We found the rooms really small, especially when you have two small children but this is to be expected for New York City. We did upgrade to a Club Level floor. We used the Club Lounge almost every day for a quick breakfast or snack. We stopped in one evening around 4pm, there was one lady working at the bar by herself. She was probably the most ignorant and rude women that I have ever experienced working in any hotel. When we asked for glass of water, she proceeded to hand us an empty cut and told us the water cooler was around the corner. This was our only negative experience during our four day stay at the Sheraton New York Towers. If I return to NYC again, we will definately give this hotel consideration.	
Sep 16 2009 	My wife and I had a great time at this Sheration service was excellent.	Gorge Guerrero and his service staff wrere excellent and freindky. His advise on evewrythig made my first say in New Youk much easier. Everyones advise was helpful.Donald R Hons	
Sep 11 2009 	Great Location Great Price on Priceline Small Room but wonderful beds and service	While the room was indeed not large -- and the bathroom was not very modern, it was clean and for the priceline bid price of $120 night -- well worth it! The beds are heavenly. The room is compact but not crowded with all the amenities. The service at check in was excellent and unlike other hotels, I rec'd good service despite the fact that I used priceline for reservations. Great location. I would stay there again for a higher rate as well.	
Sep 9 2009 	Don't believe the negative reviews!	After spending 4 nights at this property, I must say we had a wonderful stay. I've spent a number of stays at the Marriot Marquis, Weston, &amp; Crown Plaza in the Times Square area &amp; this property is on a par with them. Only downside is the room is a little smaller, but who spends a lot of time in your room when you visit NYC. As far as the location &amp; elevators this is the tops.We arrived around 8pm. Asking for a room near the top, we were given the 48th floor with a nice view of Times Square even though I had used Priceline. While the the room is on the small side, it had a wonderful king bed, large flat screen tv and large desk that faced the windows. Bathroom was small but had a great shower and was very clean.Air conditioning was fine. Elevators are broken into two banks: lower &amp; upper level. There are 6 elevators for the upper level (30-50). Elevators are fast &amp; plentiful.If you want to be in the Times Square area, this hotel is great. Subway is within a block (B, E&amp;D) and the &quot;1, N, R &amp; W&quot; trains are within 3 blocks. If you are 65 or up, show your Medicare card and pay regular price of $2.25 for first trip &amp; receive a free voucher for your next trip. Alot of nice restaurants in area with a McCormick &amp; Schmidt just one block east of hotel for great seafood. Also a number of reasonably priced restaurants on 46th St between 8th &amp; 9th Ave.If you haven't been to Ellis Island, don't miss it. For plays &quot;West Side Story&quot; can't be bet.The box office had some great seats for less than $50. South Pacific was also very special. I heard a number of people also mention &quot; Rock of Ages&quot;. Mama Mia is another special musical that you shouldn't miss.I final word of advice, if you leave a $2 to $5 tip for the maid each day, you'll find that they take a little better care of you. On this trip our maid filled our ice bucket each day without even asking.	
Sep 9 2009 	Good comfortable and well located.	Very good location and nice hotel. What you would expect in a city hotel. Rooms quite small but comfortable, with coffee maker. Had the best night sleep ever, bed really cosy. Room was cleaned well, they even put out the correct number of towels each day, which is a rarity. Found some of the waitresses in the lobby bar a bit like pirhana's, latching on to you and never letting go, trying to get every last cent out of you, so didn't go there much. Would definitely stay there again. Free computer access in the lobby was very popular but usually managed to use it if needed.	
Sep 8 2009 	The hotel was in a great location and the service was excellent.	The Hotel was in a great location with wonderful views of central park. The staff headed by Jorge Guerrero treated us with incredible care and consideration, I would definitely recommend staying at the Sheraton NY Hotel &amp; Towers.	
Sep 7 2009 	Not much to complain about... SOLID place to stay in NYC.	I just got back from a trip to New York City with my two other friends. All three of us are guys in our early 30s who travelled to NYC just to check out the city.I used Hotwire to book our NYC accommodations and was assigned this hotel. I subsequently checked out the reviews and became concerned after reading the negative comments. Having stayed at the hotel, I now know that my concerns (and the negative reviews) were quite misplaced.As the other reviews indicate, this hotel is located just a few blocks from Times Square and is very close to the subway lines. Great location.The hotel was busy at times (my friends and I stayed during the Labour Day weekend), but the service was efficient, friendly and quick. Our room was clean and comfortable, even if it was slightly dated. Although it was slightly small, the size of the room was nothing to complain of for me and two other guys. As I've indicated above, I read the negative reviews of this hotel. I have no idea where many of the comments are coming from. There is definite value in this hotel. That there were no mints on our pillows does not take away from that fact. My ONLY real complaint is that there was not free wireless and there was always a line at the computers set aside for guests. Nevertheless, I would easily recommend this hotel.	
Sep 7 2009 	ok hotel good location customer service below par.	Just came back from a 4 night stay in New York. Through Tripadvisor I booked this hotel for 105 pounds per night. My room was larger than expected. I had room 3920 with a nice Kingbed and a large lcd televison. The room was quite clean, except from the instrumentation of the airco and the airvent in the bathroom, which had a lot of dust on it. Also the reception told me my room had a bad. I honoustly have to say this bad must feel ashamed to call itself a bad. You have to imagine a bad being 1.20 m long and about 50 cm deep. Sitting in it is already a big task. One night I went to the the customer service desk to enquire for broadway tickets to the Lion King. The women behind the desk said a ticket would cost me $ 165,- . When I said this was to expensive for me she suddenly did not look me anymore. I must admit that this unpleasant behavior might just be the way a lot of New Yorkers are, but in a 4 star hotel you should expect differently. A nice thing is that they offer free internet in the lobby. Overall I would say this hotel is a good one if you are going for location in the hart of the city, but if you want good and friendly service and nice details in hotel and room, you might want to look for another hotel. I would rate this hotel 3,5 star at the most and certainly not 4 stars as Priceline is suggesting. Although not a bad hotel I think for my next visit to New York I would chose another hotel.	
Sep 4 2009 	AMAZING EXPERIENCE CUSTOMER SERVICE AT ITS BEST!	Concierges Mike, John, and Virginia, at the Cafe, Luis and Alfonso, at the bar Ramon and Gary outside; they showed what customer service is about. Jorge Guerrero listened to our feedback and gave us a $50 credit at the restaurant and also a late check out. I would go back, without a doubt.	
Sep 3 2009 	Prime location great service would stay again!	We just got back from a one week trip, stayed here the whole time. We got a crazy deal here through a family member but i would stay here again for full price. The location is great, just minutes from times square, fifth avenue, letterman, nbc, train station. it was really clean, the housekeeping lady was really nice, we bumped into her twice and was just delightful. the only thing is that we could hear people, i think they might have been the people staying upstairs but we could hear them talking. but it's not like they kept it up for the whole night or anything. would stay again.	
Sep 1 2009 	Good location not very clean though	As long as you are out and about the Sheraton is perfect. Its a big busy hotel with average sized rooms. We were travelling with our 2 daughters and had a 2 double beds in one room - this meant there was not much space. The bathroom was basic but not spotlessly clean. It was obvious that this was a family room - wall paper had kids scribbles on it and carpet was very stained and sticky. However, we only slept there and showered - we were out and about enjoying NYC. Good conceriege recommended nice restaurants and got us reservations. Used their ticketing service to get sold out Broadway show tickets - parking efficient but expensive at $40 per day.	
Sep 1 2009 	Location Location Location	This hotel is bang in the centre of everything, we stayed as part of our honeymoon and couldn't have asked for a better location, on entering the hotel its very impressive and the lifts to the floors are amazingly quick, we were on floor 42 so the view was amazing too. the rooms and coridore could do with a freshen in places but no more than a bit of wear and tear. If your in new york and spend time in your room your crazy. Within a few blacks is everything you have seen on tv, walking distance to most other things, and you can get a bus from down the street. Perfect for the tourist	
Aug 31 2009 	THE PERFECT LOCATION	The Sheraton Hotel and Towers is an honest no frills hotel, the room and bathroom are fine if a little small for a family of 4. Reception staff and concierge team were excellent, great knowledge and always helpful and cheerful. What clinches it for this hotel is location. It is fantastically sited within a short stroll of Times Square, Broadway and the Central Park. Just a great place to stay if all you need is a place to rest.	
Aug 31 2009 	Great location to see New York	My family and I recently stayed at this hotel for one night to take our kids to see the city. As far as location you can't beat this hotel. We have three children aged 2 thru 11 and we walked everywhere. We literally left our car to the valets on the day we arrived and picked it up when we checked out. The front desk was extremely friendly and helpful. I booked this on Priceline for $100 a night and feel I got a great deal. When you book with Priceline you never know what kind of room you might get but when I checked in the nice young man at the front desk looked at my children and informed me that I had been given a room with one king bed. Well that's not going to work. Without me even having to comment he told me he was going to move me to one with 2 queen beds. Very nice of him. The room was not large but it was clean and updated. We were only there for one night so I wasn't concerned about it. Parking is expensive but so is everything else in the city. We arrived at around 4pm on a Monday and checked out at 11:50am on Tuesday and my parking bill was $42. Overall I was pleased with the hotel. It was in a great location, clean and friendly helpful staff.	
Aug 28 2009 	Great value and location	I was apprehensive after reading some mixed reviews regarding the cleanliness and service at the Sheraton towers, but that was quickly dismissed during the first days of our week long stay. A great location, minutes from Times Square and a subway station just around the corner. We never experienced any long line ups at front desk and found all the staff to be very accomadating and helpful.Yes the rooms are small, but hey, this is New York! There were 3 of us,2 adults and our 13 year old daughter and stayed in a King room, apparently best if you need a cot in the room,(additional $28/night charge for cot). Not much for drawer space in the room but we made it work. I would say the best thing about the Sheraton aside from it's location was booking a room that had access to Club lounge on 44th floor which has an awesome breakfast selection as well as being open for nightly snacks/appetizers. We didn't fully appreciate until we ate breakfast out one morning,(lounge is closed sat/sun mornings), and cost us about $60-70 bucks!The hotel also has a free computer/internet lounge in lobby and Club lounge which came in handy, sometimes tough finding an empty terminal, but never had to wait too long for one to open up. You also have guest privallages at Sheraton Manhatten across the street which has a pool.We would definitely stay here again when we return to NY.	
Aug 27 2009 	Here is a Real Review of This Hotel	Over the years I have stayed at this hotel on 4 occasions, including trips for both business and pleasure. The reviews I recently read give a cross section between great and poor. A few were so ridiculous I could not believe we were speaking of the same property. Please be aware this is a fine hotel at a great location and anyone booking should feel most comfortable and satisfied. On this trip, check in took approximately 5-6 minutes (I requested a room with a view and got assigned a room on the 43rd floor with a fine view). Lobby, halls, corridor lighting, carpeting, elevators and public areas were updated and clean. The room, beds, sheets, television, blinds and bathroom were clean and in updated condition. No problems with housekeeping. Experienced travelers understand that standard hotel rooms in New York, or Tokyo, or Paris or London are relatively small when compared to typical beach or ocean side resorts or Las Vegas rooms, so room size should be a non-issue, as the rooms are typical for New York City. If you are not familiar with the Sheraton NY location, it is a 50 story hotel on Seventh Avenue at 53rd Street, which is 4 blocks from Times Square; 4 blocks from Carnegie Hall; 5 blocks from Central Park; 3 blocks from Rockefeller Center; 2 blocks from the Broadway Theater; and 1 block from the best deli sandwiches in New York (Stage Deli). There is a contemporary internet lounge/bar/coffee and seating area in the lobby as well as additional seating/lounge areas. The staff behind the reception and tour desks were helpful, knowledgeable and friendly. I contacted the assistant manager and informed him I would write a review to describe my experiences at the NY Sheraton in order for others to share with others. I can recommend this hotel without hesitation or problems. A Trip Advisor Member from Detroit.	
Aug 26 2009 	Excellent location free internet and close to subways	I booked this hotel through priceline, was a bit shakey on my winning due to all the tripadvisor reviews but I everything was fine. We didnt get to the hotel until 7pm, but check in was smooth got a room on the 42nd level... room was clean and aircon worked! Was given information about free internet down at the lobby (this was a big plus because I had gone to another hotel after this stay and was paying .69cents per minute to use the internet). My friend had blocked up the toilet.. we called guest services and they were up in less than 5 minutes to fix the problem. The location was perfect walking distance to Times Square as well as 5th Avenue shopping and the subway is just around the corner for any other destination. Delis is also next door. Great experience and would recommend it.	
Aug 26 2009	Great Value Great location!	I have to admit I was a little skeptical after reading reviews.. First of all, I booked my room through Priceline and got a really great price. I was traveling with another adult and needed 2 double beds. Once we arrived and were able to check in early, our needs were met in needing 2 double beds with no problem. I also asked for a room on a high floor, they were able to accommodate this request as well. The room is what we expected, not great (the room is only so big) but good enough and clean. Our room was also incredibly quiet. The air conditioner didn't work great. On the check out day I requested a late check out, the also were able to accommodate this request as well. This hotel is in a great location and I would go back and recommend this hotel.	
Aug 23 2009 	Not 4-Stars by any stretch	Huge, aging property with long elevator waits, small bathrooms with moldy odors, cramped rooms and lumpy beds. Temperature control can be problematic.	
Aug 19 2009 	excellent location and service	the best location in Manhattan for a reasonable price.The room was good,no problems!definitely recommended..	
Aug 18 2009 	Customer Service Rocks--	Although I stay at the Sheraton NY Towers often, I must say that its customer service has improved enormously in the last six months. I stayed at this property last week and not only was I upgraded to THE BEST room I've ever had in NYC, but the staff at the front desk, concierge and housekeeping were all wonderful. One piece of advise is to remember that people can't read minds--if you need assistance of any type or if you are disappointed by anything at the hotel, I urge you to contact the guest services department. My experience has been if they can help you, they will. Lastly, I have now found some fantastic pre-paid rates at this hotel on the SPG site--I mean, $160 per night in NYC? In midtown? Can't do much better than that! There maybe bigger or trendier hotels, but for pure customer service--and now excellent prices--nobody can beat the Sheraton NY.	
Aug 16 2009 	Really good exeperience	We recently returned from a visit to the Sheraton New York Hotel and Towers. I was very pleasantly surprised by how nice it was. The location was very central and the room was fine. We had a large flat panel TV, Starbucks coffee, and a nice room. The evening we went to a Broadway play it was an easy walk to the play and back. The hotel even let us check in early the first day. Great shopping nearby and many attractions including the David Letterman Show. The only drawback to the hotel was that the refrigerator in the room could not be used for our own stuff - it was filled with mini-bar items for sale. However, from what I understand the hotel would have provided a fridge if we requested one. We also got a very good rate for this hotel.	
Aug 16 2009 	Wonderful staff and clean hotel	Upon check in the front staff was very nice and willing to help in anyway they could. We had problems with the air but with a quick response from the the maintenance staff we were told they would have it fixed or we would have a new room.. My husband and I were on our way for the day. When we arrived back that afternoon the air was still messed up but had a message on the phone for us to call Joan Torres, stating the air was unable to be fixed and they were giving us a different room. We moved and sure enough that air was messed up. No panic as we spoke to the Manager Jorge Guerrero he made sure we were placed in a room that the air was working. He had a maintance guy to go check the air before we moved and then he met us in the room to verify the air was working. Mr. Guerrero was very kind and went out of his way to make sure our stay was comfortable from then out. He even left a message letting us know his schedule incase we needed anything. The morning of our departure I asked to see him just to let him know how much we appreciated everything he did to make our accomdations comfortable. If more managers were like him with handling situations then it would be a better place for travelers. I look forward to coming back to New York and staying at the Sheraton New York City and towers and most of all seeing Mr. Guerrero. The location is within walking distance to Time Square subway. Be prepared to walk and ride the subway, that was the coolest.	
Aug 16 2009 	If we visit New York again this hotel is our choice	Me and my husband stayed here. We liked everything about this place.	
Aug 16 2009 	Perfect Vacation!	I was a bit sceptic about staying here given the reviews. Let me just say I had nothing but the BEST service throughout the entire week! Joy Clarke went above and beyond at the front desk with a request that I had and was just a super nice person...she makes you feel right at home! From the concierge, to the bell captain, to everyone that I had the pleasure of speaking with I cannot say enough good things. The room had a wonderful view and the location is perfect for all attractions. I never once heard any noise from any room or even from anybody in the halls and I was right outside the elevators basically. The room was made up early everyday and it was just a perfect trip that I hated to see end! Thank you Sheraton Hotel and Towers for your generosity. I will always stay here in the future!!	
Aug 14 2009 	I cannot say enough positive things about this hotel-very affordable clean great location friendly staff.	My husband, two younger children (ages 5 and 6) and I traveled to NYC for a short 3-days, 2-nights trip. Our travel agent reccomended the Sheraton New York Hotel &amp; Towers, and, never having been to New York, I was nervous that our room would be cramped, dirty and surrounded by constant noise. But to my surprise it was none of those things. The room was modern/updated, spacious, clean, quiet....there is nothing negative I can say about it! All of the staff - from the front desk to the concierge to the cleaning staff were all very friendly and accomodating. The hotel is extremely close to Times Square, Rockefellar Ctr., Central Park, Museum of Nat'l History, among other places. There is no pool on premises (you do have pool priveliges at the hotel across the street, however), but - as we found, who has time to swim while you're visiting NYC??!! BOOK THIS HOTEL - you will not be disappointed.	
Aug 13 2009 	Great Customer Service by Joy Clark at the Front Desk!! I LOVE this hotel!!	I love the Sheraton Hotel and Towers! It is my favorite place to stay and I am never disappointed. The location is perfect if you want to be in the center of everything. You can walk down the street to Times Square and walk right back to your hotel and feel like you've escaped the madness. You are pretty much two or three blocks from everything. Fifth Avenue, Rockefeller Center, FAO Schwartz, etc! The hotel room sizes are the best, considering how small other ones are.Big thank you to Joy Clark at the Front Desk! She was very warm, polite, accomodating....just what I needed to see after a hectic arrival into the city! I really can't thank you enough for your amazing customer service and I look forward to your hospitatlity when I arrive again this week!Thanks again! Evelyn	
Aug 10 2009 	Horrible customer service	Checked in on July 30 for a four night stay, to a very pleasant front desk clerk named Carlos. He said that there was no two double bed room available and gave us a $50 credit.(we booked a room with two double room) and said there should be one tomorrow. The next day, before we left for the day, we went to the front desk to ask for a room with two double beds. The front desk clerk, Joy, was very rude in saying that since I booked through Priceline there are no guarantees that you will get a room with two double beds. I responded back saying I understand that but I e-mailed your hotel and requested a room with two double beds. The e-mail response stated that my booking was for two double beds. She responded back by saying that unless I have the e-mail printout on hand they will not change the room and still stated the Priceline response from earlier. It was a good thing that the hotel had their computers hooked up to a printer. I went back and showed her my e-mails to the hotel. She took it to her supervisor and came back saying that I would get the room I requested. For a hotel with a four star rating, I did not feel like I was treated fairly. Especially since it was a birthday weekend for the friend that I was celebrating with. The room was nothing special. The hotel is definitely not worth the price I spent on Priceline. ($110/night). Will not go back to this hotel again.	
Aug 9 2009 	A fab hotel	We stayed in New York for 3 days and this hotel was great.Just down the road was Times Square and just around the cornor was a subway.It was a small enough room but it came with complimentry starbucks coffee sachets.Altough the brekfast was dere enough for $25, there was plenty of breckfast cafes along the street.The lobby reminded me of Grand Central Station!!Overall it was great	
Aug 8 2009 	An average hotel not for complainers	If you want to stay in Times Aquare then this is the hotel for you if you aren't too picky. The rooms are small, but clean. The bathrooms are a little dated, but are adequate for a travelers needs. Check in was smooth and quick and our bell hop was quick efficient and helpful. Our rooms were quickly cleaned everyday, and the housekeeping staff always available with any extra requests.	
Aug 7 2009 	Great!	The stay at your hotel was magnificient! Very special thanks to Jorge Guerrero for his careful attention!	
Aug 7 2009 	Accomadating helpful clean and convienient!	Thank you for such excellent care while I was in New York. The staff and accommodations were wonderful! I see there are quite a few changes going on at the Towers! Also when my daughter left her cell phone everyone was so helpful and she was extremely happy when she got it back so soon. Thank you again for everything!	
Aug 6 2009 	Great location crampy room	The hotel has a great location, close to time square and Central Park. This hotel is a very busy one, always crouded in the lobby. Rooms are a bit small, no place for a rollaway bed. A/C is very noisy. Bathroom is very small, and mildew was all over in the shower. Needs a good refurbishment. No wireless internet access in the room, this is not acceptable from a 4* hotel. Parking is also very expensive, $42 per 24 hours. Staff is OK, but we had a very good service from one of the bell boy, named Eddy, an italian-american guy, which helped us a lot (it was our first time in NYC). Also, the concierge service is awesome.	
Aug 5 2009 	Fine - not great but fine	Check-in kiosk was broken, so had to wait in line to check in. Unusual, but OK. Was prepared for a small room, and it was, but it wasn't smaller than most in this price range in midtown. Four of us managed just fine. Room was clean, bathroom clearly has aged, but it didn't make us crazy. Beds were comfortable. Only real problem was the inability to modify the room temp. It was muggy and warm when we were there, and we couldn't cool the room. Even with the fan on High and the setting on Coolest, the room never changed temperature. Difficult for some to sleep because of that. Also, wireless internet is only free in the lobby, and that was spotty ($15/day to connect in room). You could see people wandering around with their laptops in hand, trying to get connected. There is a spot in the front with available computers, but they were almost always in use. I can't understand how more expensive hotels can insist on charging for internet access when small motels (Comfort Inn, Hampton Inn etc.) don't charge a penny. It's this way in many cities. Nice location - subway right outside the door. Handy.$42 per day to park in the garage, but we were able to leave our luggage for free on the day of check-out for 4 hours.	
Aug 5 2009 	DO NOT STAY HERE!!!	This hotel was the WORST hotel we've stayed in. The location was great. We were minutes from times square, rockefeller center, central park, 5th avenue. The hotel lobby and hallways were nice and elegant. We were impressed walking into the hotel and towards our room. But once inside the room, that's when things went downhill! We ended up with a handicapped room, but I'm not sure how a person in a wheel chair could have manevered in this room! The carpet was disgusting! It was dirty with stains all over it. The bathroom smelled! There was no fan or ventilation in the bathroom, it smelled of mildew, and bacteria growth. There was no counter, so there was no where to put your personal hygiene products. There were water stain marks running down the bathroom door. We only got one bar of soap to use for bathing and as a hand soap. The bed sheets were rough and starchy. There were a total of 3 drawers in the room and one of them was used as the hotel's mini-snack bar, so you have a grand total of 2 small drawers to use. There was mildew on the lid of the ice bucket. The next day after the cleaning staff came, we were expecting to get a new bar of soap, no such luck! We used the two tea bags the previous night and expected some tea bag replacements, but again, no such luck! We were suppose to get a newspaper each day that we were there, the papers never came! To top it all off, they charged us per bag to leave it with the concierge the day we were checking out!	
Aug 5 2009 	Great location rooms a little small	Great location, can walk to Time Square ,Central Park and Fifth Avenue. Also close to the subway. Service was not great and the rooms seemed a little cramped (we did have 2 adults and 2 children in the room). Never ate in the hotel but many good restaurants surround the hotel.	
Aug 4 2009 	Poor Customer Service	My company booked a block of rooms for a conference in August. One of our meetings was moved up a day but still within the time frame reserved by my company. Each and every person except for the front desk manager (Joseph) was RUDE as dirt when I called.From saying the hotel was booked (it as not); to saying my company didn't book the date (it did); to just overall cutting me off when I was speaking the overall customer service was AWFUL. They really need a primer on customer service and to hire more professionals since this is essentially the face of Sheraton to the masses. In this economy people should really vote with their feet and only frequent establishments with a &quot;can-do&quot; attitude or an at least &quot;I'm sorry I can't accommodate your request&quot; attitude.	
Aug 4 2009 	We will be back	Before our departure I decided to read some of the reviews on this hotel. We had our reservation and some of the reviews did not look good. We took our chances and went. We were greeted at the desk by a front desk clerk named Griffin. What a great guy. We stayed there for 3 days and 2 nights. It was fantastic. The room was great and super clean. I never care about the size. I just sleep there. It was clean and full of all your needs for a hotel room. The staff were extremely gracious and friendly. The location is perfect. When we go back, we will stay at the your hotel. Don't read the negative reviews. It sounds like they were written by bunch of never pleased people. I thought as a middle eastern man I should expect the worst treatment and the staff proofed me wrong. Thanks for a great service and a great place. Thry made our trip more memorable.	
Aug 4 2009 	Outstanding front desk and guest services	I had a very pleasant stay the front desk was very friendly and courteous, specially George Guerrero's assistance to getting my internet up and running. Very clean hotel I will defenitely come back when visiting the Big Apple from MiamiLisa Perez	
Aug 2 2009	National Dance competition held here-- no room AC mildew worn carpet	We stayed at this hotel July 10th- 17th, 2009 for a National studio dance competition and were told we all had to stay here. Dance competition room rate with taxes - $276/ night.I got a AAA rate ($255) for 6 nights after paying 1st night on dance rate - several weeks before arriving. Outside of hotel is nice and convienent to subway on corner and Times Square is 2/3 short blocks away. Lobby was very busy and always full of people. 4 or 5 PCs in lobby for guests to use. Guests can use Sheraton Manhattan pool and spa/ gym across the street for free.First room was on 33rd floor and was an even numbered room. Ceiling of bathroom was badly mildewed and shower tiles were mildewed to a lesser extent. Air condition worked well, but the units seemed to be 50 years old when the hotel was built in the 60's. Furniture was ok in room and double beds were comfortable. Only 3 drawers to store clothes in and the top one was full of a costly snack tray that was bolted down so you could only use two drawers. Room was tight, but functional. Stumped toe getting out of bed on desk leg that is six/ eight inches from bed nearest window. Housekeeping took no notice of mildew and did not clean spilt blue shampoo off side of tub. Carpet in room was in fair condition. Carpet in hall was in bad shape with it buckled up with rolls and ridges running down the hall. Bad carpet seams were everwhere with threads poking up. After 4 days I filled out the comment card and turned it in to the front desk and told them the room was badly mildewed in the bathroom. They offered to move us and my wife said to do it. BAD IDEA.We moved to room 2037 and the room was warm when we entered it, but we turned the AC as cold as the knob would go and figured it had to cool off. Odd number rooms were a little bigger with more room between window side bed and desk. Bathroom was clean.Carpet on the 20th floor was ok. Asked to have a refrigerator moved to our room (we rented one) and were told there was not any available. I went back to old room and moved it myself to new room. ROOM NEVER COOLED OFF. I had read that this hotel had AC problems on Trip Advisor and that you can get a box fan. It had been cool in New York for the past few days and very pleasant. I called for a box fan and they sent one up.We did not want to move our family again so we tried the fan. It got warmer the next few days so the room got warmer. I checked the AC filter and it was full of dust, so I pulled it off. Room was bearable with the fan, but not cool. We had friends next door in 2035 and their AC did not cool their room either.I emailed Sheraton after returning home and they gave me some points to my Starwood acct.My sister in law stayed at the Sheraton Manhattan ($100 on priceline) across the street the week before us and said it was nice. We used their pool twice with kids and the lobby was quiet both times. Indoor pool was nice , but very loud with kids yelling and the sound reverberating off the concrete roof and walls. I would not stay here again.	
Aug 2 2009 	Sarwood Platinum guests should avoid this hotel	I stay at Sheraton hotels and other starwood properties over 100 nights each year. without a doubt this is the worst Sheraton I have ever stayed at. The lounge for breakfast is crowded and nothing short of a pushing match. When I explained the issue to the manager on duty he dismissed my complaint as the hotel was full. As if I have never stayed a Sheraton that has been full. Seems that they have done there best to attract every possible traveller with the promise of free breakfast. The hotel is crowded and it takes forever to get anything you need. The check in took forever as the people behind the front desks were simply bad at thier jobs. If you are used to good service at Sheraton hotels I suggest you avoid this hotel	
Jul 29 2009 	The hotel is fine the rooms are fine the location is awesome	I had read some negitive reviews about the hotel before we left for NY. I was alittle worried about the rooms being clean and mold in the bathroom &amp; shower. Our room was clean and fresh. The staff was very helpful, requested room with a view of Times Square and we got it. We hardly ever waited for the elevator. The hallways were not filled with kids. We never heard the people in the next room. If I was returning to NY next month, I would stay again at this hotel. On a 1 to 10 (10 being the best) we would rate it a 7. Great place for the price and location.	
Jul 29 2009 	Great Stay; Hotel Guest Services Manager Looked After Us Like No Other!	I don't mind saying that I have been to this property many times in the past, both on business and pleasure, and most times the experience has been less than stellar. On our past visit however, things have changed greatly for the better!Although we weren't able to check-in until later in the day (rooms with 2 double beds are in high demand), the manager and staff at the hotel did everything to make our stay an enjoyable one!The concierge was both a pleasure to speak to, and a huge help everytime we asked him for help and/or his advice.Jorge Guerrero, the Guest Service Center Manager, went out of his way to make our stay an enjoyable one. From responding personally to an in-room survey, to following up personally after our stay, it is obvious to me that the culture at the Sheraton New York Hotel &amp; Towers has drastically changed for the better under his watch!Location is A-1; everything is within easy reach.Thanks Jorge, and thanks to his staff! We certainly look forward to our next visit!	
Jul 28 2009 	This place was awesome!! Great Service Too!!	I recently stayed at the Sheraton New Yorker for night in the city with a bachelorette party. I had booked the hotel for the group and all of the girls couldn't believe what a great place I had chosen for us to stay. We were right in the middle of everything, so the location was perfect, and the hotel was very nice, and classy. The hotel was very modern, it looked as though it had been updated recently, and our rooms were spacious and comfortable. I'd also like to give credit to one special employee of the hotel, Kenny Imafian. He service was impecable, and really made us feel like special guests.	
Jul 28 2009 	Feels like a mall	Very busy hotel - always full of large groups coming or going which can be annoying and noisy. Lobby looks better after the refurb, good for a coffee or drink later when they've turned it into a bar. Club floor bar nicer for a quiet drink.Overall hotel is OK for one night, stayed there for a couple of weeks and truly hated it by the end. Rooms are stark and worn, overdue for a refurb.	
Jul 26 2009 	You get what you pay for - and that's not a bad thing!	I'm just back from a 4 night stay at the Sheraton NY. We had a fabulous experience. EVERYONE we interacted with at the hotel was fabulous. The location is perfect! The rooms were small but not horrible (have you been to London?!). The beds were fabulous. I understand now why they are called &quot;heavenly&quot;.. I would absolutely stay here again. I was traveling with my two boys (10 &amp; 7) and it was exactly what we needed...	
Jul 26 2009	Overall good hotel great location close to Central Park and Times Square worst housekeeping I have ever experienced.	This hotel was great for us being runners we were a few blocks from Central Park, it also has a very good gym with everything you would need. Very central to everything and not to expensive, but the housekeeping was terrible, not once in 8 nights was the room dusted the dust on the side table and tv table was thick enough to write my name in. I spilt museli on the floor on arrival and it was never vacumed up, toilets rolls were just put on top of toilet not onto holders, same with tissues, box put on top of empty box. didn't get soap or shampoo for 2 days. Beware of mini bar, and mini bar drawer it is on a sensor system and if you take their stuff out to put your stuff in you get charged I had several hundred dollars of mini bar expenses on my bill despite not consuming anything. I was even charged 3 times for an international adapter that I had just taken out to look at.	
Jul 25 2009 	Good location but not 4 star	Bid on Priceline for a 4 Star in midtown and ended up here. They did not have the requested king room on check in but did upgrade us the following day. To compensate for the room, they gave us access to the club floor where there was a decent breakfast spread and happy hour snacks. Free breakfast in NYC ended up being a good deal. The rooms were ok but somewhat old and run down looking. The staff was friendly and with the great midtown location, we had a great time. I would not give the hotel 4 stars but we did not pay a 4 star price so we were satisfied.	
Jul 24 2009 	2nd Time and hope it's my last	We stayed here last weekend, because the Westin was booked. This was our second time at this hotel and I really hope to never stay here again. We arrived early so we knew our rooms weren't going to be ready. They told us they would be ready no later than 3 pm. We went shopping and returned well after 3 pm to find only one of our rooms was ready. The other connecting room was not ready until after 5 pm. The bathroom in that room was completely disgusting. Hair everywhere, shower not completely cleaned. Stains on the door and walls. I think if you go to NYC you are only in the room to sleep at night so I tried to overlook it, but that was hard. I'm a bit of clean freak when it comes to bathrooms and that is the reason why I can't give this hotel anything higher than a 3 star. Great location though! When we go to NYC next time I would go back to the Westin or try another hotel next time.	
Jul 24 2009 	Good basic stay - if you're anyway going to be out all day...	We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights. We arrived at 6AM and asked to get a room, and although we were allowed to get it only at noon - the lady at the front desk gave it to us. The big plus is the location - 10 minutes from Times Square, 5 minutes from MoMA, central park, etc. - with a Subway stop just on the hotel corner. The hotel is a bit old, but being held OK, our room was good, I would give it 8 out of 10 for cleanliness. All in all - good stay.	
Jul 24 2009	Superb Vacation	A large busy hotel but run efficiently. When an hotel is as large as this one it must be very difficult to keep everyone happy at all times. I found this hotel to be very clean, well run and all that one could ask for in a 5 day stay. Although there was quite a line for check-in everyone was dealt with quickly and efficiently and although we were early for checking in rooms were found for our party without any problems. My daughter and I had a problem with the delivery of a parcel using Fedex as a company which by the way was a problem with the retailer nothing to do with Fedex. They could not have done any more for us the staff were superb, thank you Alan, what a company. All but one section excelled themselves with smiles and helpfulness concern . On checking out the staff were sullen and quite rude trying to charge me for items that I had not consumed but overall I will return and use Sheraton once again not allowing just one person out of many staff spoil it for the company.The location of this hotel was great e.g. Metro just outside a few yards from the hotel and very convenient for all the sights.I would definately recommend this hotel to all types of traveller!	
Jul 23 2009 	puzzled by reviews	My wifes idea of camping is downgrading to a Holiday inn, therefore I was quite concerned about staying here after reading some reviews. To add a little more pressure this was my wifes first visit to New York. She did not want to visit New York because of the &quot;BAD PERCEPTION&quot; she had of the city. My wife overcame her fear of New York and was impressed with the hotel. The satff were pleasant and efficient. The rooms were spacious for a large city. The room was clean and well equipped. Bravo to the Sheraton on being able to please my wife's high standards.	
Jul 23 2009 	Everything said about the Sheraton is true- not a 4-star hotel	Don't expect more than a large hotel in need of a sprucing-up. We had unpleasant odors in our room, as others on this site have discussed. It was not inhabitable, but even at the bargain price we got through Priceline, I didn't feel it was worth it. (Later learned that Sheraton was accepting offers of $115 a night, so we didn't get the bargain basement!) Whether the management deliberately places Priceline folks in the worst rooms or whether it was a coincidence, my confidence in Sheraton plummented. I would rather pay more and get a hotel that is decent. On the up side, the location is great.	
Jul 22 2009 	A weekend getaway without breaking the bank	Great location, really comfortable beds.Not the best in the city, but certainly above average - clean, moderately spacious (at least you can get around the beds, etc. - in NYC, that's no small feat).Concierge and reception staff are extremely slow at noticing you exist.	
Jul 20 2009 	Quite a disappointment	My husband, my 16 yr. old son and I stayed here for one Sat. night. I have stayed here twice before and never really had an opinion, but this time prompted a report. Check in was a nightmare! There were at least 30 people in line, and only two agents working. Our room wasn't ready, so we had to wait in another long line to store our bags. When we finally did get to our room, it was far more haggered than I remember the room being last time. Beds were the only thing clean. Walls in bathroom had hairs stuck to them, rugs were worn,and the windows and desk area needed a good cleaning as well. Carpets in hallway were all puckered and worn to the point where it was hard to roll our suitcase. Try another hotel if you get a comparable rate. The Sheraton was really a disappointment. A rehab is really needed!	
Jul 20 2009 	I would go with another hotel...service very disappointing	This hotel is really meant for those who are attending a conference or are part of a big group. The hotel is massive and does not have an intimate atmosphere (taking into account the fact that it's NYC). The lobby was always crowded with masses of people at all hours of the day, but the elevators were surprisingly quick. The Sheraton Manhattan across the street is much better if you want a big hotel with a more quiet, intimate surrounding. Now for the most disappointing part of our stay...Service. Service at the reception is incredibly slow. They have 4 people working at 8am when there is no crowd but 1 person working at 6pm which is prime check-in time. There were 5 of us in line and we waited about 15 minutes to get served! Concierge - both times that I spoke with them, I encountered rudeness! The first lady was too busy cleaning her counter to answer my question properly- didn't even look at me. The guy on the second day was too busy talking and laughing with his colleagues- he was able to pull away from his conversation for a second to rudely answer my question. Luggage Room - We checked out early on our last day and wanted to drop off our luggage for storage. The line went all through the lobby and we waited in line for almost 30 minutes to drop off our luggage!! Maybe think about expanding your space and staff to accommodate your 1000 guests!!! For a hotel chain that prides itself on excellent service, I was very disappointed. The room itself was okay. The beds were really comfortable and the long desk under the window was handy. The room is quite small, which is expected for a NYC hotel, so no surprise there. The bathroom is small as well and definitely not fitting of a &quot;4 star&quot; hotel. To be honest, the size didn't bother us as much, rather it was the black moldy stuff in the cracks of the shower tiles... disgusting. Nothing bad can be said about the location of this hotel. If you want to stay in midtown, it really is perfect. Close to the subway, times square, central park, rockefeller, etc..Overall, unless this is the best deal you get for midtown, I would try another hotel.	
Jul 19 2009 	great location	very big hotel(quite small rooms)NYC style-Location fab for Times Sq. or Cental Park.Easy and cheap (2 dollars) for bus access to downtown and seaport. Free internet in lobby to check in online before return flight.good lobby bar with plenty of atmosphere. Loads of conferences going on.Taxi ride back to Newark Airport by limo(Evan De La Pena) great guy.45mins -60mins , approx 70 dollars incl toll/tips.Recomend Rockerfeller (top of the rock) , better view the Empire state.make sure you do Staten Island ferry(free and fantastic views of Liberty and Manhattan Skyline).Also did Heli trip(never forget it).The Big Apple is the most exciting city I have ever been(twice)-felt very safe and secure , even after dark ,Go and explore , Times sq after dark is buzzing.Hard Rock and Planet Hollywood good for food and cocktails.NYC not the place for stags or getting drunk but WOW!!!!!!	
Jul 18 2009 	Fantastic Vacation	As one who has done her fair share of traveling, the Sheraton New York Hotel and Towers is by far a place that holds my fondest memories. From being greeted at the door with a friendly, helpful smile to checkout, every need or want was quickly met. The room was very spacious with a great view of midtown New York. For once, everything that I needed was just a walk away. Fresh coffee, clean linens, helpful staff and great food are just some, in a long list of this hotels wonderful amenities. I will stay here again and have already booked my second stay. I will be a sheraton customer everywhere I travel!	
Jul 15 2009 	Not bad but not four stars	Stayed here for one Tuesday night in July 2009 after booking on Priceline. it wasn't bad, especially for the price, but not four stars.THE GOODThe price was great, but I'll credit Priceline for that, more than the Sheraton. Likewise, the location was superb. Close to all midtown attractions, Central Park, Times Square, Fifth Square, etc. Can't think of a better Manhattan location. The hotel is huge but the elevator service was fast and efficient.Check-in line was fairly long but efficient once I got the front desk. Staff was very professional and courteous.I parked my car in the attached garage for $42 a day. Dropping it off was quick and efficient (picking it up another matter -- see below).My room was spacious. I was on the 10th floor so the room was of office buildings and the street below. Not bad, but nothing special. Beautiful flat screen LG television. Of course I wasn't in my room enough to watch much.The bed and linens were clean and the Sheraton bed, like all Sheraton beds I've slept in was very comfortable.A large desk in front of the window was provided. This was one of the best hotel desks I've ever seen. Internet service provided (wired, not free -- again, see below).I used the concierge on to ask for directions to a specific popular museum uptown. She was very helpful.There is not a real restaurant in the hotel, but I went to the bar for a late night meal and drink. The food was fine. The service, not so great.Bathroom was clean enough. There was a little black in the grout lines but this did not bother me.I checked my luggage during the day after I checked out. The checkroom was fast and efficient, which is more than I can say for the last hotel I stayed in in New York. They do charge $3.25 a bag, but I'd rather have that than free with an optional tip. I think you get better service this way.THE BADThe room was very warm, bordering on hot. I could not find any way to adjust the AC. Remember this was July. There was a vent on the top of the desk that was literally encrusted with dust. It was disgusting. It was blowing slightly cool air. Every time I went into the hall, it was a relief to be able to breathe! If I'd stayed more than one night, I would have asked the front desk for another room,though reading here it seem this is a chronic problem.internet service in the room is wired and $15 a day. For four stars, i expected wireless and free. Come on! Much, much cheaper hotels have this. It was fast enough though. There was supposedly free Wireless in the lobby, but who wants to schlep to the lobby just to check email?No refrigerator in the room. There was a coffee maker that I didn't use. There should have been a refrigerator.The bathroom, while clean enough, lacked amenities found in three star hotels. There were tiny bottles of shampoo and conditioner. No lotion. Not high quality brands. The hairdryer was tiny and low powered and not attached to the wall. Again, very poor quality. As I mentioned, dropping off my car was smooth, but I had to wait at last 20 minutes to pick it up. This seemed excessive.I went to the bar for a late night drink and dinner. The drink and food was fine but the service was poor. The bartender was completely preoccupied with a personal call on his cell phone. I repeatedly had to practically yell at him to get his attention. It was like he could not be bothered to do his job. Then, I asked for the left over that from my meal to be packed up to take up to my room. They did this without complaint, but when i got to my room, the silverware was filthy -- caked with food. Utterly gross.BOTTOM LINEGreat location, mass market hotel. Room has some nice amenities but climate control and dust is a serious issue. Does not deserve four star rating. You should not pay full price here.	
Jul 15 2009 	I love New York!	The hotel was great. We arrived very early and our room was ready for us, which was fabulous since we had travelled over night from California! The kept it very clean, the restaurants and bar were very good and it was close to everything! 3 blocks one way is Times Square, 3 blocks the other way is Central Park. I was amazed how centralized it was! I will definitely stay here again.	
Jul 14 2009	The best bang for your buck you can get in NY	I booked this hotel for 2 nights at the end of June 2009. The location is the best you can imagine - just a short walk from Times Square, and a few blocks from Central Park. So after a day full of wondering around Manhattan, we could just come back to the hotel, get some rest and head to Times Square for a night walk, without worrying too much how to get back. In the morning, I went to Central Park for my everyday run, without having to take subway - it's just a short walk.Subway is also easily accesible, and you can get anywhere in Manhattan.The hotel was very busy (it was Friday afternoon, with many tourists checking in), however the people at the check-in deck were very quick, while maintaining friendly and proffesional attitude. I asked if they could give us a room as high as possible, and we got a room on 49th floor.The rooms are not big, but why should I care - we came there to see New York, and not to stay in the room. It looked like the rooms were recently renovated, and the housekeeping staff made pretty good job in making sure that the rooms stay clean.I am booking another weekend at this hotel as I type this review - the stay was very enjoyable, and well worth the money I paid.	
Jul 14 2009 	A very special birthday thanks to the Felicia and the Sheraton staff	We spent three nights over the Memorial Day weekend at the Sheraton. I made our reservation through Priceline for a very reasonable rate ($118) but, after reading some of the very negative TA reviews, I had concerns about the quality and cleanliness of the rooms. (I knew that the location was absolutely perfect for us, given the immediate proximity to the subway.) I emailed the Sheraton to tell them that this was a very special surprise birthday trip, and to ask if it was possible to request a recently renovated room on a high floor with a view. I received an immediate email reply, thanking me for my email and advising that our request would be noted in our reservation. I crossed my fingers. We arrived at approx. 8:00 p.m. Friday evening and checked in with no difficulty. Although we were advised that there was no room with a view available, we were given a room on the 44th floor. The gentleman at check-in advised that this was a club floor with complimentary breakfast Monday through Friday. We were surprised and grateful. When we reached our room, we found that there was a nice view of the surrounding Midtown area, rather than an obstructed view or a view of another building directly across the street, and we were pleased. The furnishings were slightly worn, but the room was very clean, including the bathroom, which was large and included a nice selection of amenities. As we were unpacking, there was a knock on our door, and a waiter came in and surprised us with a small cheese and fruit plate, a bottle of imported mineral water, and a lovely note with birthday greetings from Felicia Carrington-Nelson, who had corresponded with me via email about the special nature of this trip. I can't begin to express how much this very kind and generous gesture meant to both of us, particularly the birthday celebrant. We have stayed in some very, very nice hotels and B&amp;Bs over the years, but we have never had a hotel respond in such a generous and personal manner, particularly given that we had made our reservation on Priceline. What a wonderful start to a wonderful weekend. The hotel's location made it very easy for us to do everything on our itinerary, including visits to the Cloisters, the Metropolitan Museum of Art, the New York Botanical Garden in the Bronx, a Broadway show, a lovely dinner uptown, and the Staten island ferry. The kindness and generosity shown to us at the Sheraton made our entire weekend extra special.Monday breakfast in the club room was absolutely terrific, with a large selection of cereals,bagels, pastries, fruit, oatmeal, boiled eggs, yogurt, juices, and coffee. The club room was lovely, and the breakfast was a fabulous start to the last day of our weekend. As others have noted, the hotel provides a very organized left-luggage service so that guests can leave their luggage for the day after checking out. We knew that there was a small charge for this, and we were very pleased with the efficiency and security of this service. And because this is such a large hotel, taxis are always available to take guests to the airport or train station. Our entire experience at the hotel was extremely positive and enjoyable, and we would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to others.After returning, I emailed Felicia to thank her for her thoughtfulness in making this birthday trip to New York so special for us, and I wanted to let other TA members know about the wonderful service that we received, both before and during our stay. Thank you, Felicia, for everything you did to make this a birthday to remember.	
Jul 13 2009 	Great Stay!	After reading several average to not so good reviews on this hotel - we were very apprehensive about staying at the The Sheraton Hotel &amp; Towers. We just returned home after a 4 night/5 day stay in NYC at this hotel. Our hotel stay was great! We had a corner room on the 38th floor. The rooms are of average size but the beds were very comfortable and our room was clean. The service was excellent and the location was also excellent - we were only a few blocks from Time Square and shopping/restaurant venues were very close by. We received a great rate thru employee discount. I have been to NYC several times and this hotel does rank high on my list of nice affordable places to stay - I would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 11 2009 	Better than expected!	I booked this hotel through priceline at $120/night. After reading the other reviews on tripadvisor, I was extremely nervous! I remembered that most of the &quot;good&quot; reviews said that they had asked for a room on a higher floor, so I did the same. As soon as we got to the room, I carefully inspected the bed for bedbugs and the bathroom for roaches. All of my worry was in vain, because the hotel was absolutely fine. Would I pay $340/night to stay here? No way. But for the price I paid, it was great. Good location, great service, fantastic views, clean rooms, and a plasma TV (this was what my fiance was MOST excited about). Overall, it was a great bargain, and I'm happy with our stay. If you pay the full price to stay here, I understand the disappointment - but if you book at the priceline rate (and make sure to ask for an upper-level room), you should have no worries!	
Jul 9 2009 	Nice hotel--much better than what the reviews say	I booked a hotel on Hotwire and was a bit apprehensive when I saw that we had gotten the Sheraton because of all the bad reviews on this website. But, we were very pleasantly surprised. The lobby of the hotel is clean and very nice. Check-in was easy and the desk person was pleasant. The room was basically what I would expect in a New York hotel, small but serviceable. We did not find the room to be particularly dirty and the bathroom was in good repair. No, we never had to wait long for an elevator even though the hotel seemed to always be full of people. Yes, we did have to pay a small fee to check our luggage for the day, but they have a free check-in kiosk to get your boarding passes. And, as everyone says, it is in a really good location with a handy 24-hour deli right across the street.	
Jul 8 2009 	Sheraton Towers~trust me...I wouldn't stay there	My husband decided to take me on a whirlwind trip to NY again so I was so excited. He booked the trip before I had a chance to help him. Bless his heart. I always come to Tripadvisor to check out reviews...too late! When I read the reviews I was quite concerned because the bad outweighed the good from most people. SoI called ahead and told them that I would like a &quot;renovated room.&quot; She said &quot;Ma'm they are all renovated.&quot; so I relaxed and decided what will be will be. When we got there we saw that the lobby was beautiful~like a Vegas hotel, so we were happy. The front desk people were EXTREMELY polite...in fact everyone right down to the bell hop were great! They even gave us an early check in which we were grateful for since we were tired. We got up to the room and it wasn't too bad...small, the furniture is on the older side, something I could deal with, but when I went into the bathroom it smelled like old dishrag smell. Very musty and they had covered the odors with a spray that was horrific. So, we called downstairs and they sent the bellhop up to take us to another room. It was on the lower floor. I walked in...it was somewhat clean, I went into the bathroom and smelled the same smell! (I just wish I didnt have such a good nose at times). The bellhop was so nice that I just grinned and said &quot;This is much better &quot; and we stayed. As I was getting in the shower later that day I smelled the wall and that's what it was! The rags that they used to wipe down the walls and floors was the old musty dishrag smell. Soo...I had some body spray with me! Every day for 4 days I sprayed down the walls with Vanilla Spray and it seemed to cover the smell. The maid service did leave the room neat and went beyond the call of duty, but I just couldn't get past the smell.The air conditioning unit is a unit on the floor which has the air shooting right onto the bed. The first night I froze. You can't change the vent direction it only blows one way, so I took the phonebook propped the whole metal cover that covers it, and stood the air vent straight up.,,,,,it worked...problem was solved. To be a new room, the carpeting smelled musty, very musty. Trust me, I would never steer anyone wrong....but for the money that you pay it is not worth it. Last time we went to NY we stayed at the Mariott Marquis on Times Square, and that is where we will stay again. Sure, its even more, but MUCH CLEANER, and updated. Also we called downstairs to the concierge to ask them about a restaurant and hubby put the call on speaker phone. After 45 minutes of holding, he went downstairs. They said if they are &quot;with someone that they are not allowed to answer the phone.&quot; The good thing about the Sheraton is, that the location is wonderful. It is right in the middle of the theatre district and 2 blocks from the Observatory and where they film the Today Show. Also if you walk straight down the street about 5 blocks which isn't bad at night, you are in Times Square. Everyone at the Sheraton was very nice, that is the good thing that I have to say about it....it would be much better if HOUSEKEEPING would get their act together. They need to use clean cloths to wash the showers and clean mops. I would rate this as a 2 1/2 star hotel...NOT A 4 . I was very disappointed as it was not a Mariott! However, in Fl we have stayed at Embassy Suites and loved it...it just doesn't have to be a Mariott...but in NY I would only stay at a Mariott or a Hilton. I can handle a room being small or whatever but cleanliness is a must. We took the Red Bus tour. It is well worth it if you want to see the city. We bought a 2 day ticket since we wanted to sightsee and get off and on at our leasure.( the 2 days starts from the time that is posted on the pass when you buy it, so best to start the time right when you will use it) We went to the Statue of Liberty, which is a must do trip. It was so exciting. Two days after we got back they opened the crown to the public. However, I think you have to have 2 wks notice before you can go into it. They said it is very high and people couldn't make it all the way up and they got out of breath....so you must be in good shape to attempt it. When we got off the boat, we walked to the World Trade Center and took pictures. We ate at a little sandwich shop which was delish. The last day we were there we only had til noon to shop, so we took a taxi which was about $15.00 one way to the Chinatown district. It is quite aways, but it was worth it, we had fun and bought some neat jewelry from the shops. REMEMBER*** if you head to the airport in a shuttle that is a complimentary shuttle from the hotel to the airport....you need to leave 4 hrs ahead of time. We left 3 hrs and barely made it there. It took our shuttle driver an hour and a half.... after stopping everywhere under the sun and taking back roads so he wouldn't have to pay the toll at rush hour. We had it figured if we left 3 hrs ahead of time we had plenty of time. We had 15 min to spare. We also will not travel on Travelocity again because, we wanted to change the hotel after we had the tickets and they said $600 to change it or something ridiculous. Much better to take a taxi to the airport. I think it's $40 but well worth it. We loved NY and will go back again, but have learned some lessons. Book your flight and your hotel separately. I refused to let the room ruin my trip...thank God for the body spray! haEnjoy your trip and I hope if you stay here that your stay is better and that someone from the hotel has read this review.	
Jul 7 2009 	Great hotel Great location	We were only staying one night and arrived to check in very early. The room was not ready but we were told it would be available about noon. We check our bags (no charge)and went sight seeing. We returned late in the afternoon and were given a room on the 42nd floor. We found the air conditioner torn apart and laying in the floor - the workmen returned a few mintues later. I called the front desk and they apologized and immediatly upgraded us to the club level. Someone brought us our new room key within 5 mintues. Our room was mid-sized, very clean and the bed was wonderful. The bathroom was clean and the shower was great. We had total quiet and slept great! Would definitetly stay here again.	
Jul 6 2009 	Worst Sheraton Experience ever !	Just back from NYC where I was in transit.The hotel is perfectly located. Check in and out staff was professional.However, I have never seen a Sheraton like this.It is not like the room or the bathroom is small. The room was over aged and dirty.So far away from any Sheraton standard.So disapointing.Everything inside this room seemed to be broken or nearly.At the end, I have been woken up by the housekeeping that entered into my room at 7 am !!!Many options exists for a smooth and comfortable stay in new York city. Thus pass your way.	
Jul 5 2009 	Pleasantly surprised!	The Sheraton New York Hotel and Towers exceeded my expectations. It is a big, busy hotel, but the staff was very professional, so the fact that there were several groups in the hotel, including, most conspicuously, a dance competition for adolescent girls, did not affect our stay. The room was small but well-appointed (and of course it's small: this is prime real estate!), and the bathroom was small but clean and functional. Housekeeping was excellent. Best of all was the location: a block off Broadway, in the heart of the theater district. I would defintely go back.	
Jul 4 2009 	Great hotel in a great location!	I, too, was not expecting much after reading reviews on this site. However, we checked in, got a room on the 43rd floor, and we were blown away by the corner room we got. It was clean, the linens were nice, the room was big enough for 2 women and a pre-teen, and the views were good! There were even Bliss products in the bath :) We were within walking distance to theatre, restaurants, and shopping. A truly fabulous stay at a really great hotel! We'll be back!!!	
Jul 4 2009 	Great Stay!!	We stayed at the Sheraton Towers from June 24th to July 2nd 2009. We had a red eye flight coming in to JFK and arrived at the hotel at about 6am. They told us our room wouldn't be ready until around 10am ( which wasn't a big suprise) so we just left our bags with the doorman and left for breakfast. We came back around 10ish and were delighted when we were told that they would let us check in early since our room was ready ( I believe check in is around 3pm). The room was clean and very comfortable. Yes, the room is a bit small but it worked great for the three of us. The beds and pillows were very soft. Our room was on the 41st floor and we could hear no street noise. The bathroom did have a little bit of mold in the shower and one of the air vents in the shower had dust clogging up, but that was our only real issue with the room. Other than that, everything was great. All the staff we encountered was friendly and helpful. The lobby is always bustling with people during all hours of the day. A major plus were the computers you could use in the lobby ( Good luck finding an computer, they're always being used.) The location was good. You're right there in Times Square and Central Park is about 4 or 5 blocks away. All of the subway stations are within walking distance.I was very nervous about staying here after reading all the bad reviews on TripAdvisor but we had a great stay and recommend it to anyone staying in NYC. If you're nervous about staying here, RELAX because it's a great hotel!!	
Jul 3 2009 	Hotel needs serious updating	We visited New York on 6/26/09 and stayed 5 nights at Sheraton New York Hotel &amp; Towers 7th avenue. Having been to New York on previous occasions and stayed at other hotels we experienced 1st class service and accommodation. On this visit we were again looking forward to a similar experience and a rewarding holiday but were sadly let down however by the standard of bedroom accommodation or cleaned. Without doubt in the past this hotel has been a fantastic and top class hotel but not today as it requires serious updating especially in the bedrooms. Our room on 43rd floor in size and general layout was more than satisfactory but the general conditions were not worthy of an international hotel chain. The dark brown coloured carpet was old, frayed and unclean and looked as if it had not been changed for years. The bed linen also left a lot to be desired and wasn't ever changed during the period of our stay. The bathroom although very small but adequate had black moulding stains around the bath and wall areas and suggested total neglect. The daily attendance by staff was simply to change bathroom towels and rearrange bedclothes as no hovering, dusting or polishing took place during our stay. We never made a complaint to reception as I had ignored other comments and reviews that warned readers of problems at this hotel. The hotel is in a fantastic part of New York only a 5 minute stroll to central park and Times Square but readers should be aware and seriously consider this hotel as a holiday option until its bedrooms and hygiene are serious addressed and immediately improved. .	
Jul 2 2009 	Killed a cockroach recently? I did at this hotel	Hotel was listed as a 4 star and just didn't live up to it. Starwood usually has very nice properties and this was the worst one I have stayed in awhile. I understand its NYC and the rooms can be small, but don't have them dirty. Their was hair in the tub, moldy soap dish in shower and a cockroach on the floor we had to kill. The windows were very dirty, shades caked with dust. Just disappointing. Can you believe this is a starwood hotel?? I couldn't. 4 star too! The area of town is great - you can't beat it, but this hotel can be better if it wanted to be. The concierge is rude as well - I asked about a tour from one of those double decker buses and she said &quot;I can only tell you about the one company we support.&quot; Really? Just the one you have a deal with? It's all about the money - not about the service with this management. Bring a can of raid when you stay here next too.	
Jul 2 2009 	The Sheraton was great!	Stayed at the Sheraton with a friend to celebrate our milestone birthday! After reading the reviews on here, I was a little nervous. Well I had nothing to worry about it. Checkin was quick and easy. We got a room on the 48th floor with a view of Central Park. They also gave us club room advantgages which means Mon thru Fri you get a free breakfast and happy hour in the evening. Check out was a breeze. Instead of checking your bags at $3.25 each just heave the bell captain hold them and all you have to do is give him a tip when you pick up your bags. The staff here was all friendly even though it was very busy. Room was clean, beds were AMAZING.....dont hesitate to stay here, its a great hotel!	
Jul 1 2009 	What a fabulous time we had!!!!	This was an overnight stay with a friend to celebrate an important occasion in our lives. The accomodations were exceptional from the moment we arrived and checked in to the moment we checked out. The staff in the lobby was helpful and friendly and the housekeeping staff could not have been more accomodating!!! Everything we asked about was delivered in a friendly and courteous manner. It TRULY lived up to our expectaions and beyond!!!	
Jun 30 2009 	great location great service	we had a wonderful stay at the sheraton , it is easy to get to centrlal park and go for a stroll,the staff were all very welcoming and professional, the room was very comfortable ,the lobby is very nice and we like the bar.thanks to Tim Keating uniform services and Sean Verney Hotel Manager for a great stay for our mini vacation in NYC.	
Jun 30 2009 	right in the center of it all	The only negative about the hotel is that the rooms are as hot as an oven. The employees are great.	
Jun 28 2009 	It's like being in my own bed...	I just l-o-v-e the beds and (especially) the pillows at the Sheraton Hotels! Being in the heart of Manhatten is really nice too, but when it comes time to rest these tired bones, I need the comfort of a Sheraton bed! Thanks for making the important things special, Sheraton!	
Jun 27 2009 	This is the perfect place to stay in Manhattan.	My husband and I spent 2 nights and 3 days in NYC for our anniversary. We traveled with another couple and stayed at the Sheraton New York. The location was perfect for getting around to restaurants, Central Park and shopping. We had excellent service and the rooms were clean and comfortable. We would stay here anytime we are going to the City and recommend it to anyone.	
Jun 27 2009 	fab location	We stayed here for a one week trip to new york. There was no queue to check in, we had two seperate reservations after extending our stay but reception arranged for us to stay in the same room for the whole trip, and arranged a late check out, no problem took only 5 mins. The lobby is modern and classy looking but was always busy. Our room was street facing on the 10th floor, not too noisy, small but had everything you needed, bathroom was basic but clean. Our room was cleaned daily, most days we were out by ten and housekeeping were not chasing us to leave but always found the room clean on return. We went to the breakfast buffet one day without checking the prices - seventy dollars for two of us for a very ordinary breakfast buffet - BEWARE. There are loads of deli's on the street to get good quality well priced food and service is always fast. Also a Rays Pizza close by open for late night snacks. You can also use facilities at the sheraton across the road.Location is amazing, minutes from times square, rockefeller centre, central park, subway entrance. You cannot beat the location. Loads of chain restaurants on times square serving cheap familiar food and open late. Top of the rock viewing gallery is amazing - def do this and do it at night, or travel to Brooklyn at night for amazing views. Loads of package deals for sights just now, check the things you want to do online for packages as we missed out on a few.	
Jun 25 2009 	Top Class Manager	We had a very pleasant stay in this hotel but some misinformation given to me by a lady on reception led me to make a phonecall to Ireland which cost $121. Reading the name of the manager on Tripadvisor I wrote to him explaining the situation. In return i received a full return and a most apologetic letter. Many problems can be assuaged by a sincere apology and a small token of kindness. So Mr Sean Verney take a bow, many others could learn a lesson from you. Your response has ensured that we are recommending your hotel again and again. Tired decor may be common but excellent customer relations are a rarity!	
Jun 25 2009 	Definately worth far more than the reviews give- great experience	After having booked our trip for $120/night on Priceline, we read dozens of unfavourable reviews for this hotel. I was quite skepitcal, but figured, at the very least, the location would be great. It took no more than 2 minutes to check in and we were given a room with a Queen size bed on the 43rd floor. The room was larger than an average New York hotel, and while our view was of neighbouring buildings, our friends' room had a nice view of Central Park. The sheets and pillows were amazingly comfortable, and the bathrooms were extremely clean. The location could not be beat. Outside of the entrance of the hotel was a subway entrance, and we were within a minute walk to Times Square, Radio City Music Hall and Rockfeller Plaza. The staff was friendly, and the concierge sent us to amazing and inexpensive Mom and Pop places. Some people might have had bad experiences, but overall, the hotel is fantastic!	
Jun 24 2009 	Great Location lobby renovation looks great	Great location between Times Square and Central Park.	
Jun 24 2009 	OK if you have access to club level	A vast well located hotel. Check in efficient if factory processing like. Rooms somewhat small, depressing and entirely forgettable without any substantial character or joy. Nevertheless, access to club lounge (if included with your reservation) is a definite advantage with excellent evening antipasti (frankly enough for a light meal) and excellent breakfast buffet as well. There is easy and free internet access in the lobby for registered guests.	
Jun 23 2009 	Blech	We booked this hotel through a wedding block. I had not read good reviews and wasn't all that excited for my stay...the hotel did not increase my opinion upon arrival. The front desk staff was quick upon check-in and our room was ready...but it was just BLAH.There are no temperature controls in the room, and it was pretty hot and muggy most of the time. When we were getting ready for the black tie wedding, I actually had to take breaks to go into the hallway because it was so warm in our room.The cleaning staff came by incessantly a couple of days - checking every 5 minutes to see if we were finished with our room for the morning. When we did leave for several hours - they didn't clean it! Interesting since they seemed so eager to do so while we were in there.The location IS great - and the rest is fine...but there's nothing fantastic about it.Especially now - I feel like there are great rates on much more fantastic hotels in New York. I'm disappointed we didn't take advantage of one of those.	
Jun 22 2009 	Glitzy foyer not much else	Fancy foyer.Efficient front counter staff.Small rooms.Everything at a cost.Maids do only the minimum.Very central location.Don't put anything in the fridge / minibar because the staff will remove it for you. Thanks.	
Jun 22 2009 	Five Star Location three star room	Go to this property for the location and not a luxurious room or the Sheraton service. This hotel is right next to Time Square, a two-minute walk and hence is in the midst of the hustle bustle that’s the heart of the city. The location is very convenient as you can easily walk to some of the attractions, also the city tours and the subway are available right outside the door. There are plenty of eateries around for practically any kind of cuisine you may want. The hotel has a busy lobby which is humming with energy till wee hours. There’s also a 24-hour bar and café at the lobby level, though with a limited menu, it’s a nice place for sitting with family and friends for a drink or two at the end of a long day. In the café there’s provision for a few computers with internet access. The rooms are small but I don’t think you will find better sized rooms for this price range at such a prime location. The décor could be less dated though. We had a room with two queen-sized beds and they certainly were more like two singles. The room was clean but basic, even the bathroom and the toiletries etc. were very basic. There’s no service to speak of, if you call them for tea/ coffee bags which should have been in the room anyway, they take a good 50-60 mins. to arrive. Sometimes even later, in which case the room service sends you a tray of hot tea as an apology. The location is five-star, the rooms barely meet the standard you would expect from a three star, but then New York was our first stop and having stayed at Sherton group hotels in India, Egypt etc. we were expecting a completely different class of rooms, service etc. Given that we wanted to be where the action is and would come back to the room only to crash and be off early the next day, I think we chose well.	
Jun 21 2009 	Right in the Heart of Times Square...	Unlike other reviews on here, this hotel is definitely right in the middle of Times Square. When we arrived at the hotel we were amazed at how close to everything we actually were, because of some of the reviews we'd read on here. Do not be mistaken, it is literally only 2 mins to the middle of Times Square from the front doors of this hotel.The hotel itself is very stylish and when we arrived we were warmly welcomed by the staff and check in was a breeze. We had requested an upper floor room and were pleased when we found out we were staying on the 42nd floor. However, if you don't like heights, probably best to request a lower floor as 42 floors from the ground is quite scary, when you're looking down... The room was very nice, and very clean. It had a little mini bar which was handy and the view from the window was superb. Hotel was very busy, but the staff were always very friendly and very helpful. The only problem we found was that there are a distinct lack of computers for use by hotel guests (probably only 4/5 max). We were over for 3 weeks on holiday in US we decided not to bring our laptops, so accessing a computer was quite difficult when there literally hundreds of guests staying in the hotel. Wireless was available in the lobby but I guess not all phones are wifi enabled which meant we had to wait for a computer.Overall though our stay was great, and the hotel is convenient to literally everything in Times Square and Central Park is only 5 mins walking north of the hotel, and this again was somewhere we wanted to go. All in all, from the hotel we were able to visit lots of different sights and all on foot, so meant we weren't paying out too much on transport. Would definitely recommend this hotel to others and would use again if ever visiting New York.	
Jun 18 2009 	Great Location Clean Rooms	Stayed for 4 days on business/leisure. Rooms were very small, especially a 2 bed room, but they were clean. The location is great, basically a block to Times Square. I did not have much interaction with staff (only at check in). If you can get a deal on some other sight you can come out ok on price, I basically paid 180 per night and their rate online was 259 per night. Overall it was a good experience and I would stay here again.	
Jun 17 2009 	Sheraton - watch what you sign for!	I stayed at the Sheraton back in February with my wife for a long weekend. Great location, just a walk away from the tourist things you have to do when you are there.We booked a Bed and Breakfast rate, but were asked to sign for the breakfast every morning. Later on in March, when my Visa bill arrived, they had charged me $205 for Breakfast !! and it wasn't on the bill i signed on departure.I fired off an few e-mails, and eventually got a refund, but just beware !! - Otherwise we thought the hotel looked a bit tired, and the rooms were a little small. But if it's just a base you are after, then it's ideal.	
Jun 17 2009 	Enjoyed my stay very much.	The hotel staff is excellent. It's like the New York attitude has had a transformation, in that the entire staff cannot do enough for you. I cannot say one negative thing about the staff. The location is great. You can go any direction from the Hotel, and your headed for shows, shopping, and prominent locations. The rooms are clean, the lobby is bustling but the staff is only to pleased to step in and ask if the can help you. Room is clean and just what you need for a 3-4 day stay in NYC. One of the best hotel fitness centers I've seen is in the basement. I was pleased with my stay.	
Jun 15 2009 	great value	Got a great deal via Priceline, can't complain, but if i had to pay their regular price rather than Priceline, would be really upset. The room absolutely needs updating as the rest of the building. For NYC, all hotels rooms are small size! Great location, next to subway and within blocks from Times Square, museums, 5th ave, Central Park, all kind of eateries around. If you go to Chinatown, try any eateries on Mott Street, more local tasting. Pop Burger across from FAO Shwartz really good fast-food. Only recommend if you 're getting a good rate, not over $180, not worth it until they're updating the hotel and room.	
Jun 15 2009 	Location is the name of the game	If you are in New York City, then what better place than Manhattan to experience the city! And in Manhattan, this Sheraton property is one of the best locations to park yourself.Besides being conveniently located near the Times Square, the hotel is close to most of the action in NYC. The amenities are pretty standard with a fitness room et al but what stands out is the location.The check-in is quite smooth and the staff courteous. The rooms though, leave a lot to be desired. The queen sized beds are slightly smaller than usual, the bathroom without a bathtub and the room service a bit tardy. The bar at the ground floor is good, but lacks variety in terms of beverages. On an average day the lobby looks more like a railway platform with people buzzing all over the place. The food places are all around it and you can sample a host of cuisine types around the place. But if you overlook the minor glitches, it's a very decent place to set yourself for 5-7 days and explore NYC.	
Jun 14 2009 	Great location. Good rooms but not for whingers 	Booked this through Hotwire for four days in June for $150 per night. Saw some mixed reviews for this hotel but I have to say I was pretty happy with it. We took the E subway all the way from Jamaica and there is a stop at 7th Avenue right under the hotel. The hotel is huge and very busy but we were checked in pretty quickly and given a room in the tower which houses floors 21 to 29. I have heard people complaining that they have had to wait for ages for the elevators in the other section of the hotel but here we never waited more than a few seconds. Our rooms were on floor 21. We had a couple of initial problems as the floor in the room next to the airco was soaking wet and it smelled slightly of damp. However a quick call to reception and they sent someone up with keys for another slightly larger room along the corridor. I was sharing with a friend so we had a double double. The room was large enough for both of us and had a really large LG LCD HD tv. Décor I thought was really nice and the beds were super comfortable. None of the back ache I normally have after sleeping in a strange bed. Coffee maker in the room was handy for a pre breakfast coffee in the morning. We also had a small problem with the room safe which had been locked by the previous occupant. Again this was efficiently dealt with by the front desk and they sent someone up within a few minutes to open it.It amazes me that some people give this hotel a 1 star rating. Honestly what is it that they are expecting for the price? If they have paid like $300 plus per night then it’s their own fault for not researching cheaper rates. With the cost of real estate in Midtown Manhattan why do they expect palacial enormous rooms? None of the staff were ever rude to me, perhaps that’s because I treat people with the respect that I expect myself. If there are long queues for check in then that probably because a bus load of people have just turned up. The staff only have one pair of hands.Anyway I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone especially if you can get it on Priceline or Hotwire.	
Jun 12 2009 	Great Hotel-Awesome Location	This was my second trip to NYC and after reading all the reviews on this hotel I began to get nervous that I had booked it. Omigosh, the hotel is fantastic. The staff could not have been friendlier and check in was just a couple of minutes (unlike all the negative reviews about rude staff and long check in lines). Our room contained a stocked fridge which the children I traveled with promptly emptied so they could fit their leftover dinner in it. Only then did we find out that there were sensors in the fridge that detected when items were removed and they were charged to the hotel acct. (Now these items were expensive) but after a quick phone call to guest services explaining our dilemma, guest services reversed the charges from my acct and sent a fridge to my room for our stay free of charge. The Starbucks coffee in the room was also nice. We stayed on the 8th floor and the rooms were ample for our needs (much larger than we expected) The elevators were quick and never crowded. The location of the hotel is just awesome. You can catch the subway right outside the front door to most everywhere. Walked to most everything including Rockefeller Ctr, Times Square and the Broadway Theatre. Restaurants are very close by. Would recommend the Playwright Tavern just a couple of blocks away. I will not hesitate to stay here again and if you are nervous about staying here after reading other reviews RELAX its wonderful. I promise you wont be disappointed. Evidentally the people writing the negative reviews expected the Taj Mahal or they are the kind of people you cant make happy.	
Jun 12 2009 	Terrific Location Great Value but not 4 Stars	This hotel is in a prime location, just a few blocks south of Central Park and a few north of Times Square. Easy walking distance to St. Patrick's, Rockefeller Center, and Broadway and only about a mile to Penn Station &amp; the Empire State Building.The hotel has a nice, fancy lobby. We didn't try any of the hotel restaurants, but there is a nice bar in the lobby. There are plenty of quick elevators, which we took to our small, king bed room on the 42 floor. We had a great view of the city from our room.The room was somewhat updated with a modern feel: a nice LCD TV, comfortable king bed, desk, and nice marble bathroom counter. The room had the usual amenities: iron, hairdryer, and a coffee maker with single serve Starbucks coffee. It was a small room, however, and although it was updated some, it seemed a bit old. The bathroom and linens were clean, but the walls and carpet were older. Basically, it was a nice, small, clean room with a great view.My problem with this hotel is that it is rated at 4 stars, and our room was not a four star room. There was nothing exceptional about it. It was a great bargain though - we got it by naming our own price of $117 a night. At that price, this is a tremendous value for such a good location. We just were not wowed by the hotel. From our experience here and at the Sheraton Baltimore, it seems that Sheratons are nice, clean, comfortable hotels at good rates.Baggage check was $3.25 a bag, if you want to leave your bags for a few hours after you check out. The front desk staff was helpful but not overly friendly. The concierge was knowledgeable and kind. We also highly recommend the nearby Oak &amp; Steel Wine Shop, which we discovered at 11pm one night, if you are looking for a bottle of wine at any price point.	
Jun 12 2009 	Exceptional Sharaton with great value and quality in every way	Since all I do is travel I appreciate when things go well. This location is the most consistent hotel I've ever stayed Its in a great midtown location I can get anywhere in the city within a few minutes The staff goes over board to make sure everything I need is available to me. This is a larger Sheraton with flawless service, absolute consistency and attention to detail rarely seen. Everything is always just perfect.	
Jun 11 2009 	Good location but not all that great.	This hotel all about the location. Very good location for sighseeing and good connection to JFK/Airtrain with the E subwayline.Checkin staff was very friendly, but thats where the good things ended.The rooms in this hotel seemed very old and the room we stayed in was smaller than expected.And wow, they still have hotels without wifi in the rooms? The wifi in the lobby was okayish, but you have to go thru a loginpage which is impossible to navigate with some handheld devices.This hotel would have been a big dissapointment if we didnt get a really great rate for our stay.	
Jun 10 2009	Great location.....Nice Rooms	My daughter and I spent a week here and found the room small but we had 2 double beds, a desk, nightstand and dresser. What more did we need.....we didn't spend much time in the room. The air conditioning did not put out as much cool air as we wanted so we called down and promptly received a fan that took care of the problem. Everyone from check in to check out was great. Hotel bar was a bit expensive but it was nice to have there for a quick breakfast muffin, lunch salad to a glass of wine in the evening. We would go back again......the location was fantastic! Walked almost everywhere (we saw 3 shows). Subway was right next to the hotel, Central Park, Times Square, etc .all within walking distance.	
Jun 9 2009 	Perfect Location	My daughter and I arrived at the hotel by 9:30 AM. We were served immediately and requested early book-in. We were told 12:30 would be the earliest. Excellent. Room was ready earlier that stated. Yes, the room is &quot;compact&quot; but we had no problems. How much time do you actually spend in the room? Bed so comfortable. Over the period of a day there were a few annoyances which were rectified and as a result we requested a small fridge. Usually $25/day but complimentary due to our problems. When we were there the hotel was sold out. A lot of school trips were booked in. Lobby was always busy.Location is marvelous. Ten minutes to Times Square, ten minutes to Central Park. It is right on the subway line so access is easy. Suggestion: get a really good city map (front desk) and map out your travels. The subway pass, for unlimited daily use, is $7.50. If you are going to be more than 3 days, buy the unlimited weekly pass for $25. Do your research before heading to NYC so you don't waste a lot of time trying to figure out where to go and how. Be prepared to do lots of walking. Be prepared for a marvelous holiday. Loved the hotel and the city. Buy a large pretzel. Eat from the Street Vendors!!!!	
Jun 8 2009 	great location everything else average	I stayed here with my husband and our two sons the weekend of June 6 &amp;7. Check in was inefficient, as we waited in line for 20 minutes to check in. We were told that our bags, which had been dropped off earlier in the day, would be waiting for us in our room, but they were not. I called the desk, which said that there was some &quot;confusion&quot; with our bags, but that they were on their way up now. After waiting over an hour, I went back to the lobby to speak with the front desk. They said that I could go and retreive the bags myself if I wanted to, and directed me to the floor where they were. So we went in search of the bellcap on the fifth floor, found our bags, and took them up to our room on the 11th floor. Our room was pretty small, but overall clean and the beds were comfortable. There was no fan in the bathroom, which probably accounted for the peeling paint around the door and ceiling! The previous guest's receipt/bill copy was left on the dresser in the room, which made me slightly suspicious about how thoroughly the room had been cleaned! The in room coffee was very good. Probably would not stay here again.	
Jun 7 2009	Good location terrible rooms	I reserved two rooms (one for my parents and one for me). Rooms are extremely uncomfortable. I have travel to Europe many times and although rooms are small they are not so tied. The Sheraton's room have no space to move around. Everthing is so tied that it is impossible for two adults to comfortable walk around. There are no chairs in the rooms, except a desk chair (but no desk).Both rooms' air conditioning were not working properly. We called the front desk and they were not able to change our rooms because the hotel was booked. The night was hot and uncomfortable. No wifi in the rooms and there is a charge for regular Internet use.I will never stay there again...ever! With all the hotels in that area, if you have other options, stay away from the Sheraton Hotel and Towers.	
Jun 4 2009 	Excellent service	Despite a very busy lobby, check in was fast and easy. My room was ready early so I didn't have to leave my bags with the bellman for a lunch date. All went well with my stay, but my great experience happened after I checked out. I realized that I had left a very expensive personal item behind, and the staff went out of their way to search the room and find it for me. Now it is winging its way back to me via Fedex. I am very grateful to the people who went above and beyond to make sure my belongings were returned. Thank you so much to the staff of the Sheraton New York Hotel and Towers, especially Ingrid, Joan and Jorge!!!	
Jun 4 2009	Great hotel will definitely stay here again!	Bidding $110/night on Priceline for a 4-star hotel, I wasn't very skeptical I'd get any takers, but after Sheraton NY accepted, I quickly ran here to check reviews. Then I was scared. We checked in, and I couldn't have been more pleasantly surprised! The front desk was extremely friendly, got us into 2 double-beds vs. the 1 king we got with no problem. The room was clean enough (altough it was no Plaza Hotel!), the beds were super-comfy, the shower water pressure/temperature was perfect. We had a great view (to me, anything without a view of a brick wall in NYC is a good view). The housekeepers did a great job and were courteous, and the concierge was extremely friendly and helpful - he recommended a great Italian retaurant called Tramonti on 46th &amp; 8th. Location was so convenient - short walk to Times Square, Central Park, 5th Ave, Theater District, and many of the major subway lines to get anywhere in the city.The only downside was that Wi-Fi in the room was $9.95/day, but access was free downstairs in the Link Lounge, and computers were available to check email and browse the internet on. Another downside was that Room Service was ridiculously expensive. But what hotel's room service isn't? Besides, why would you stay in the hotel room while you're in NYC? So many eating choices just outside your door.Overall, great stay. I would definitely stay here again (at the Priceline price) or for anything below $200/night, and I would definitely recommend it to anyone!	
Jun 4 2009 	Unbelieveable service!	I had gotten a very cheap deal via Priceline on a room. ($117!). I needed to stay an additional night and asked a manager if they could do anything for me on a direct rate. (I'm Starwood Gold.). He was unable to offer a better rate than was published, but offered a room upgrade, a bottle of wine and a cheese platter. He genuinely wanted to do anything he could within the company parameters to make up for his corporate constraints. He REALLY CARED about taking an opportunity to delight me as a customer. And he succeeded!I have experienced great customer service before from Starwood, but this was exceptional! Thank you Jorge!	
Jun 3 2009 	Unbelieveable view and convenient too!	We were thrilled with our stay at this hotel! We were very lucky and obtained a king bedroom with an amazing view of Times Square! The hotel is situated just a few blocks north of Times Square which is wonderful because it is not as loud, bright, or crowded. Yet, it is still super convenient to Times Square and sits directly above a metro station. The room itself was much larger than I had anticipated for NYC. It had a very comfortable king-size bed and a huge flatscreen tv (lots of channels) and a good workspace if you needed to use your laptop, etc. The room also had a coffee maker with complementary Starbucks coffee which was nice as most luxury hotels force you to order room service or buy Starbucks coffee in the lobby. The bathroom was small, but not uncomfortably small. There was plenty of room to store your toiletries, had extremely good lighting, and a magnifying mirror. Housekeeping was average, but did a decent job of cleaning. I will most definitely try to obtain this hotel again in the future on my trips to NYC!	
Jun 2 2009 	Tons of hotel in the area- stay elsewhere	My husband and I recently (May 2009) stayed at the Sheraton with his two elderly aunts. The front desk people were rude, although we did get to check in early- and refused to honor our request for a single queen bed. When we went up to our rooms the aunts room would not unlock. The cleaning person let them in to change. The left the room to check in with us in our room and were again locked out. The security people came up to check on the situation and said that the lock needed a new battery- and that this would happen as we went to get lunch. We returned 3 hours later to find that nothing had been done and upon another call to the front desk we found that they supposedly had no recollection of our issue. Then the gem came from them- &quot;Can't you just stay in the other room you reserved?&quot;... Ummm... excuse me? So this meant that we paid for two rooms and only got one? Not to mention also that the aunt's belongings were in the room and how would we get them out? We said no- fix it. The finally fixed the lock 12 hours after we first reported the issue and we received new keys- but not even an apology. In addition, the rooms were dirty- coffee stains all over the wall. I DO NOT recommend this hotel. The only good thing was the coffee barista was the best I have ever had- and he was ridiculously nice! (and worked for Starbucks...) The location is amazing, but choose somewhere else where they value your business and clean the rooms properly.	
Jun 2 2009 	A Wonderful Place to Stay!	I went to NYC for a girl's trip on May 23 through May 27. We stayed at the Sheraton New York Hotel and Towers. This was my third stay at this hotel. First stay was in August 2007, second stay was December 2008 and then again in May 2009. As usual, we had a wonderful stay! We arrived at the hotel about 1:15 p.m. Check-in was a breeze! Employees were hospitable and kind. Our room was ready when we arrived. We were put on the 47th floor with a view of Central Park and the river. BEAUTIFUL!! We were also given access to the Club Level where we enjoyed a delicious breakfast and a very friendly and helpful staff. Our room was clean when we arrived. The housekeeping staff cleaned daily and our room was always neat and tidy when we returned daily. The beds are extremely comfy after a day of walking and shopping! The hallways were quiet and allowed for a good night's sleep. The concierge at the hotel was helpful too. We were looking for a restaurant near our theater for a pre-theater dinner. Reservations were made for us by the concierge. The food was delicious!! This hotel is centrally located to many sites within walking distance. Central Park and Times Square are nearby. Fifth Avenue is two streets over from the hotel. You can walk to Carnegie Hall, Rockefeller Center, Empire State Building, and Radio City Music Hall. I can't wait for my fourth trip to New York City! I WILL be staying at this hotel again.	
Jun 2 2009 	Exceptional. Friendly and accomodating...	Excellent accomodations. The staff was welcoming, courteous and helpful. We had a great experience. It was the perfect location for a girls night out. The room was clean and comfortable. We had a great time. Thank you Sheraton...	
Jun 2 2009 	Fantastic Location good all round hotel.	I have stayed in the Belvedere, The Milford Plaza, The Travel Inn,Novotel and Vincci Avalon and I would rate the New York Sheraton as one of the best. The rooms at the Avalon were bigger and the decor was better but the location of the Sheraton was spot on. Easy to access everywhere and very easy to find. Very simple check in service, no long queues and the staff were pleasant and helpful. Rooms were on the small side but that is not unusual for new york, bathroom was also small.Only negative point I would have is that the bag checking service is expensive, $3 for each individual item, case, coat, carrier bag etc. This proved to be very expensive for us as we were a party of 7.We did not eat in the hotel as the breakfast was $27.50, too expensive for us.My sons used the gym. $10 for one session or $20 for our stay. They were very impressed with the facilities.I would definately stay at the sheraton again.	
Jun 1 2009	Perfect Location!!	My mom and I stayed here from May 23 to May 30. The room was small but we realized that in the heart of Manhattan it really wasn't that small. There was enough room for the two of us. We were on the 16th floor and we couldn't hear any street noise. We were within walking distance of the three musicals that we saw. There was even a street fair on Sunday right outside the hotel. I would say stay at this location but don't expect too much. Come on people...you are in New York City....how much time to do expect to be relaxing in your room? If you want a nice quiet vacation....go to Maui!!	
Jun 1 2009 	Perfection!	Wonderful location, incredibly friendly and helpful staff, very clean rooms, and $110 a night using &quot;name your own price&quot; on Priceline.com! Just a $35 taxi ride from La Guardia (tell the cabbie to take you to 53rd and 7th). Our bellman on arrival (James) informed us that the Clintons have stayed here several times, and whether or not you like the Clinton's, the fact the the hotel is good enough for a President and a Senator means it is good enough for you :-) Seriously though, the rooms were very clean and modern. All the major channels on a flat screen LCD TV including Showtime, plus a large selection of pay-per-view movies. A mini-bar is in each room also. Room Service is also available. It is almost 24/7. High-Speed Internet is available for $14.95 per day. The room had very good A/C, although it was a little tricky to find the controls for. I had to call the front desk and ask where the controls were, as they are hidden inside a box which is below a grill in the back of the desk area! I have seen reviews saying the rooms were warm, but I think those travelers probably didn't go to the trouble to find the A/C controls and just assumed the rooms didn't have A/C. Don't worry you will be very comfortable in these rooms. Best shower I've had in months!The staff helped us even when our flights were cancelled and we had to arrive a day late. They held our room for us and gave us the exact room we requested: King Bed, Non-Smoking. There was no line at check in (&quot;reception&quot;) and we had our room keys within just a minute or two. The room didn't have a refrigerator so we asked if one was available. They said &quot;sure, no problem&quot; and they had one plugged up in our room within 10 minutes. The normally charge $25 for the fridge but if you need it to keep medicine cold or to keep baby items in (baby food, milk, etc.) then there is no charge. From the front door of the hotel you can see the lights of Times Square and the trees of Central Park; the location is just that great. The Broadway theaters, Rockefeller Plaza and much more was all within a couple of blocks. This hotel is in the &quot;theatre distract&quot; and there is literally hundreds of restaurants in this area, as well as unlimited shopping. Several of the diners/delis on the same street as the hotel are 24/7, as are the convenience stores. Don't worry if you forgot something as there are drug stores within walking distance of this hotel. The Met and most NYC museums are close to. Buy an unlimited Metro Card and you can ride the subway and busses all you want. There is a subway stop just a few blocks south (49th street and 7th) and from there you can get anywhere in Manhattan, Brooklyn, Queens, etc. This hotel was wonderful in every way. I hope to stay there again soon!	
Jun 1 2009 	an extraordinary place	staying at the hotel was a pleasure from the time we checked in to the time we left. The staff at the sheraton were nice and pleasant. The room was spacious and clean. There were no problems ever. The location of the hotel was perfect to go sight seeing. We just had a great time all around.	
Jun 1 2009 	Great weekend great hotel	it was a pleasure staying at the Sheraton New York Hotel &amp; Towers. The reservation process was easy and painless. The staff when we arrived was professional, pleasant, and courteous. We didn't have to wait before we could check in the room was ready and clean. Our stay was great, this hotel has a great and convenient location. The different options to check out made life easy once we were ready to leave. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking to stay in NYC.The fact that there is a parking garage right there made it easy, no need to carry our bags around the city. The one downfall, parking was pricey and be ready to wait a little while before your car is brought up to you, but this has nothing to do with the hotel, as I said, I was willing to pay the price and wait to have my car right there.	
Jun 1 2009 	Great Location	Hotel is on 7th Ave between Times Square and Central Park, great. Reception were very helpful when we finally arrived after a long delay, as we were travelling with a toddler they gave us a bigger room so the cot would fit comfortably and my parents were given the room next door which was perfect for us. The breakfast in the Hudson was a bit pricey but everywhere you go in NYC food is expensive. The room was lovely and clean, bedding and towels changed daily. Bathroom a bit on the small side but everything worked so couldn't complain. Lobby is always busy and great for Wifi.	
May 30 2009 	Sheraton met our expectations...	We stay in NYC frequently, so our expectations are reduced by the knowledge that many hotel rooms in the city are tiny, outdated, and overpriced. Fortunately, we walked away happy with our stay at the Sheraton.LocationThe Sheraton's location is excellent for exploring NYC. The hotel is steps away from Times Square, Central Park, and all of the major subway lines.RoomThe king room itself was very comfortable. Additionally, it was larger than most of the rooms we have had in NYC. The decor was OK, nothing to write home about, but nothing really to complain about.Cleanliness:Everything was relatively clean. The only issue we had was that one of our towels had a hair in it.Misc:As far as we could tell, there was no valet parking. There is a garage under the building and the overnight fee is in the $40-45 range with no in and out privileges. High speed internet was pricey at around $14.All in all, we had a comfortable stay and would return if the price is right.	
May 29 2009 	Excellent!	Staff was nice and helpful. We were able to check-in early (1:30 pm). We got a handicapped-accessible room which was GREAT! The bathroom was giant... almost bigger than the rest of the room! Steps from the theatre district and all sorts of sight-seeing hotspots. Room was VERY clean! We got a great deal on the room and would DEFINITELY book there again, if staying only for a few days. Anything longer than a few days, I would recommend finding an apt to sublet, etc.	
May 28 2009 	Avoid at ALL COSTS--HORRIBLE HOTEL	I stayed at this dump on Tuesday night and can honestly say this is the worst Sheraton in the chain. I am a SPG Platinum member and stay at SPG properties all over the world. I was on a Club level, 46th floor and my room was TINY--even by NYC standards. The A/C blew luke warm air and is the type that you really can't adjust. The bathroom also was a joke in size and you have to open the door part way to be able to get in.What blows me away though is their Club Lounge. They don't have bottled water.. no bottled water? give me a break.Overall this is a dirty flea bag hotel that I would avoid like the plague. Don't stay here. Period.The ONLY good thing I can say is that they have a good location but so does the Sheraton across the street and it isn't dirty.	
May 28 2009 	Dust? Tick. Dirty carpet? Tick. Old socks? Tick.	This was our first hotel stay booked via Priceline (I'm mentioning that because I feel it has something to do with the room we were given). Things didn't get off to a great start - on checking in we were given a little (or not so little) lecture about customer loyalty and how we shouldn't use Priceline but book direct with Sheraton. Then up to our room... well, when we stepped out of the lift, the whole floor was GRUBBY, no other word for it - my heart sank. Then the room. The dust! The unhoovered floor! The old socks! (yes, really, look at the photos!). Anyway, after complaining we were transferred to a lovely room on the 6th floor. It seemed like two different hotels. My suggestion would be, if you get a room you're not happy with complain. 2 stars for the first room, 4/5 for the second (but only when you take into consideration we paid £75 a night).	
May 27 2009 	Our stay was great!	A decent hotel is such a relief when traveling.Priceline pick, Parent and 11 yr old. Two nights, May 23rd &amp; 24th. 44th floor, two double beds. When I first walked in and saw the long check in line I wasn't prepared for how fast it moved. Given the busy holiday weekend, staff was quick, courteous and and professional and it was just a few minutes before we had our keys. Joy checked us in and checked us out and was super pro. Room was small but clean (just some very small dust on mini-blinds, nothing else that I noticed). Bed was *very* comfortable and had four pillows per bed. Two bath robes and shampoo, lotion, hair dryer, nice towels, etc. Flat screen TV. Carpet was very clean and they had staff with industrial machine cleaning rooms when I left. Note: any room in NYC under $250 or so is going to be small. However, this room was very comfortable for two. Four might be a bit tight. On 44th floor, very quiet, still can hear cab honks in distance but nothing to keep you awake. When adjoining room closed door it was relatively quiet &quot;click&quot; instead of usual room shaking you get with cheap construction. In fact, voices on other side were faint muffles barely heard. AC/Heat was mostly fan noise, no noisy compressor that I noticed. I switched fan off because weather was cool.Location is great - walk to central park south, or times square. 5th Ave shopping, Rock center, etc. Cabs seemed everywhere, pedicabs also fun and everywhere. Lots of places to eat breakfast, lunch or dinner.Even as they were swamped with tourists from all over world, staff was extremely helpful and patient with all the usual tourist questions about restaurants. Given how busy, just outstanding attitudes.If you check out of hotel and still need to store bags, $3.25 per bag fee for day. Pretty reasonable since a storage locker will cost way more than that and isn't as safe.I believe check-in is 11:00AM and check-out is 12:00PM	
May 27 2009 	Expected the worst. Received a little better than expected.	I booked this hotel through Priceline for $120 per night over the Memorial Day weekend. After reading the negative reviews on TripAdvisor, I got a little nervous that the 4 star hotel I was hoping for would be a disappointment. I sent an email to the hotel stating my concerns and requesting a room with 2 double beds on a high floor. I sent an email twice asking for a response confirming our requests and never received a response. I then called the hotel and they took our requests. We checked in at 11pm and waited in line for approx. 2 minutes. At first, the gentleman checking us in was not able to fuffill our request for a room with 2 double beds and didn't even acknowlege that we even made this request in advance. Then after looking a second time (I am assuming because of the very disappointed looks on our faces) he was able to get us a handicap room with 2 double beds on the 24th floor. Our room and bathroom were larger than I was expecting after reading reviews, but this could have been because it was a handicap room. The carpet was pretty old and had some stains. The bathroom was fairly clean, but the toilet still had residue on the bowl. Some of the furniture was scratched and one of the lamp shades was cracked. The beds and linen were clean, which I felt was the most important part! We had 2 safes in the closet; one didn't work at all and the other was locked already. We called the front desk to have someone take a look at the locked safe and someone was in our room fixing it in 30 min. After the maids cleaned the room the first morning, they left us with no additional coffee and only gave us 2 large towels, compared to getting 4 large towels we had in the room when we checked in. We called the front desk requesting more coffee and they brought us more within 30 min. We requested late checkout at 2pm on our last day and they fuffilled this request after a little coaxing. Overall, we weren't disappointed with the hotel, but I would not rate it any higher than a 3 star hotel.	
May 27 2009 	great priceline pick again	I have been booking Priceline on my recent NYC visits, and am specific about location in NYC..I only want to be in Midtown to Central Park. Bid 90 dollars, and got 2 great rooms at the Sheraton New York and Towers...I paid for on my Starwoods AMEX card, and presented my Starwoods prefered card at check in..renovated rooms, high floors, clean, but small (This was the old Americana Hotel built in the 1960's) and the best thing about Sheraton (and Hilton) are their patented beds..very comfy. If I paid rack rate, I would be dissappointed..for under a 100 bucks a night?...I am thrilled...best all round location in NYC...	
May 26 2009 	Better than we expected it to be after reading reviews	This hotel is in a great location. The beds were a bit soft for my taste, and the air conditioning could have worked better (it was in the 80s outside and would have liked it a bit cooler in the room than we were able to get it). The rooms could have been cleaned a bit better, but the linens and bath were clean. The size of the room and bath was fine for NYC. Although I would not rate this more than 3 stars. The staff were courteous and the hallways quiet at night, making it easy to get a good night's sleep. We booked through Hotwire and checking in and out was easy (although it was a bit crowded at check-in). We got there at 11 AM, and our bags were checked for free while we went over to the Top of the Rock (Rockefeller Center) and then to lunch at a nearby deli. There are lots of great delis nearby! We traveled to NYC by Amtrak, which was about a $6.00 plus tip taxi ride away. We also made frequent use of the nearby MTA (NYC subway system), and did lots of walking. The hotel is close to all Broadway theaters, Rockefeller Center, Times Square, and Central Park. SoHo and Battery Park were easy and convenient subway rides. The trip was a birthday present for our 14 year-old son. We had a great time.	
May 26 2009 	Ultimate in customer service	When you stay at the Sheraton New York Hotel and Towers you truly do get treated like you belong. From the desk clerk, to the bell captain, to the maids and everyone else in between you are made to feel very wanted. I call it my home away from home. The accomadations are excellent and the location is terrific but the reason I keep coming back is the superior customer service. I have even become friends with the GM Sean Verney. I have always believed the success of any organization starts at the top and Sean is a prime example of why the Sheraton is the best. You are made to feel like you are part of a huge family. Give it a try. You won't be disappointed.	
May 25 2009 	Tale of two hotels...	It truly seems that when it comes to the Sheraton New York Hotel and Towers, it truly depends on what room you get. I, like many other reviewers on tripadvisor, booked the Sheraton through Priceline for $100 a night and ran right to this site to read the reviews. I was quickly made nervous by what I read! I realize that when you book on Priceline you aren't guaranteed a specific room or bed type. So the first thing I did was email the reservation staff at the hotel and requested a king size bed and a room on a newly renovated floor. I got an email back in less than 24 hours stating that my requests had been noted.When I arrived at 2:30 PM, we only had to wait roughly 3 minutes for the small line to work it's way to the reception desk. The gentleman at the desk mentioned that we had requested a king bed on a high floor (the renovated ones) and we were off to our room #3433.The elevators quickly arrived and we walked to our room, fully anticipating a negative experience like many other reviewers had. We walked through the door and started to inspect the room. Yes, the room was small, but it is NYC. We were not bothered by the size, although we did experience what many others have experienced on this site. The room was HOT! Not like warm, but HOT!! Granted it was roughly 68 degrees outside when we checked in, but there was no reason for the warmth in the room. Actually there is, read some other reviewers below who explain the situation. Anyway, I opened the windows and called down for a fan which arrived in less than 15 minutes. The room itself was relatively clean,although we did find an old sock in the closet and what appeared to be a small patch of mold on the ceiling in the bathroom. The carpets were clean and the room appeared to be renovated with a large flat screen, comfy bed, and restoration hardware pieces in the bathroom. For $100 I was impressed with what we received. The hotel staff was informative, got free wifi in the lobby, room was more than I expected from reading the reviews. Many have mentioned bugs, mice, or paper thin walls on this site. I did not see or hear anything out of the ordinary in our room. The location is FANTASTIC!!! The subway is basically 15 steps from the door. We walked to Central Park, Times Square, etc. The staff recommended some great places to eat and even helped us find a place to buy socks for my wife who packed in terms of fashion, not comfort...a big mistake! All in all, for what I paid it was FANTASTIC. If I had paid full price, I may have been disappointed. Pros: Location, great staff, fast elevators and check in/out process Cons: Could have been a little cleaner in both the room and hotel itself. Also, there isn't much to do about this, but the hotel always seemed to be packed as it is a convention hotel.	
May 24 2009 	Location was all that was good	This hotel had a great location, but that's really all the positive feedback I can give it. Although we had called ahead to request an early check in (had an early afternoon appointment to get to) and told it was no problem, when we arrived, we were told there was no room available.Once we got a room later, the carpets were dirty and dingy, and the shower curtain had obvious mould which made the bathroom smell bad. I asked that evening for the curtain to be changed the next day by housekeeping and even wrote a reminder note the next morning. Of course, it wasn't done by the time we got back to our room that evening. Then the next day, there were no bath towels in our room. I called at 5:50pm to ask to get some. Over an hour and 3 phone calls later, no towels had arrived. I had to end up borrowing one from a friend also staying at the hotel in order to get showered before our dinner reservation at 7:30!I have stayed at Sheratons before, but this was definitely my worst stay. I wouldn't go back there again.	
May 24 2009 	There Are Worse But Be Ready For The Worst	This hotel gets away with anything. Nobody at the desk cares about problems in the rooms. The rooms are mixed. Some are decent, but I've never had a room, even when paying top rack rates, that didn't show wear and tear - defective plugs, Internet, missing hair dryer, chipped furniture and the very, very, worst: age-old, archaic crappy box heater and air conditioners. Only go if you are getting a deal. The location is all this hotel has. AND their drink prices are TWICE as high as the Irish Pub a half a block away.	
May 22 2009 	Excellent Stay - Would Definately Return!	My friends and I had planned a 'girls long weekend getaway' to NYC and ended up with this hotel on Priceline ($120/night) and couldn't have been more happy with our stay!We had an early flight in and were at the hotel at 8am - no room available (didn't expect one anyways) so we left our bags for the day. From reading others reviews we had expected $3.25-$3.50 per bag but were pleasantly surprised to not have to pay! At checkin we were given an upgrade to a junior suite (with 4 girls the extra room was definately appreciated!). Our housekeeper left us extra soaps/shampoos - I'd love to know where to buy their shampoo/conditioner! It's fantastic! The conceirge was very knowledgeable and had recommendations for all our questions - we went to Azalea's for dinner which was a quick walk away. Free internet in the lobby was great. Reasonable breakfast - great to grab a muffin/juice and go!Overall our stay was excellent - all the staff we encountered were pleasant and helpful. We would absolutely return!	
May 21 2009 	Great Location Great Rooom Good Service	I booked through Priceline for $120.00, which is a great price! Pretty much everyone we enountered was wonderful, especially the Concierge, they went above and beyond! Also the front desk was extrememly accommodating, we arrived fairly early in the morning and though we weren't able to check in, they stored our bags for free ( usually 3.50 a bad and we had 6 bags) We had been given a complimentary upgarde into a Junior Suite on the 30th floor. The room was fantastic, lots of room, nicely decorated and amazing spa products. My only issue was the bathroom was quite small. Breakfast at the hotel isn't cheap, but it was very good! If you only have time to grab a pastry..do it! They're amazing!The location coudn't be better! On Broadway and only 2 blocks to the centre of Times Square and 5th avenue. By the end of our 3 night stay I was reluctant to leave and go home.	
May 17 2009 	Not even worthy of a 2 Star! Mold 	We bid on the hotel on Priceline which has it listed as a four star. NOT EVEN CLOSE.We requested a king size bed but upon check in, they only had rooms with Queen. After informing the check in agent our relunctancy, since the reviews were terrible on Tripadvisor, he promised to put us in their better room. Our &quot;better room&quot; had not one, but TWO adjoining doors. We could hear our neighbors both on the phone and watching Law &amp; Order. The room had a foul stench, which most likely aired from the bathroom. Hard to describe, but a sour, vinegarish odor stemmed from the shower courtain. There was NO FAN in the bathroom, and everytime you flushed the toilet, there clanked for about 30 seconds!!Upon complaining, the front desk offered to move us the following day, which meant we had to breakup our day, to return to the hotel for the room switch. What a waste of time - we were only in the city for 3.5 days!Here's a short list of the rest of the problems we encountered:- MOLD in the bathroom (major health concern!)- filthy blinds and air vents- filthy stained carpets and wallpaper- not enough lighting in the room- thin walls and poor window insulation- OLD complimentary coffee and tea/ cream which did not dissolve and festered on top- incorrect time set in room clock- Dirty and tatooed PROSTITUTES loitering in the lobby lounge - almost got stuck in the elevator- POOR customer service from HOTEL MANAGERThe hotel manager offered us $100 credit upon checking OUT. What good is that? We had a flight to catch! As I shared my list of concerns, she rolled her eyes and CUT me off mid sentence, and blamed housekeeping. AT that point, she clarified that Sheraton Hotel was NOT a FOUR STAR, but ONLY a THREE STAR. She needs to back to training - this is not how Starwood members are treated, and her behaviour was opposite to the values of Starwoods.I would have never bid on a three star hotel - Priceline has misrepresented this hotel. A motel in Harlem would have been a better experience.	
May 16 2009 	An average hotel	I wanted to get a nice hotel in New York. I noticed that many of the reviewers who used Price Line got this hotel for around $120. I did not want to stay at that hotel based on the reviews, so I thought that if I put in a high rate I might get a true four star hotel with great reviews like the Sofitel hotel. I put in $186. Price Line gave me the Sheraton Hotel and Towers. The lobby looks really good. It apparently has recently been renovated. It had lots of computers you could use and a nice looking bar. My room had a good view. It overlooked Times Square. The bed was too soft and appeared old. The bathroom was small, and the water pressure in the shower was weak. The carpeting looked like it needed replacement. The staff is friendly. Overall, the hotel is in a prime location, but is certainly no four star hotel as Price Line has rated it. I would probably not stay here again.	
May 15 2009 	A comfortable convenient mid-town location with all the amenities I expect when I'm traveling.	We spent only one night, but our room was more spacious than many I've had in other Manhattan hotels, was well appointed, and comfortable. All in all, a very pleasant experience.	
May 15 2009 	Great Location Great Service Great Price	I booked this hotel through Priceline. I named my own price for a Midtown East hotel that was 4 stars. I got the Sheraton New York with a price of $111 a night. I immediately went to tripadvisor and was very concern by the reviews. But since it was a non-refundable reservation, I hope for a better experience than some on tripadvisor users noted. Check in was easy and I had no line. I informed them I was a Starwood rewards member and asked for a high floor and was given the 39th floor, which is a Starwood Preferred Guest floor. Our room had a king size bed, 42 flat HDTV panel, and looked to have been updated in the last few years. There was some wear and tear in the room, but all minor. Room was clean. It was an extra plus to have a coffee maker with starbuck coffee and Taso teas. We asked for a late check out and was told that was no problem. Check out was easy, again no line. Service was good, nice doormen and concierge staff. AC worked fine. No problems with elevators. Comfy beds with nice linens. Nice to have free wifi and computers in the lobby. Location is unbeatable! I would recommend, especially if you get a good deal. I think an issue with this hotel could be they seem understaffed when a major conference is going on and all rooms are filled. Clearly when I went the hotel seemed empty, so some the problems other users have mentioned were not an issue at all during my stay. If you get a good deal, I highly recommend!	
May 14 2009 	The people have spoken and they are right	I came into this hotel for a 9 night stay not expecting too much, especially after reading the reviews here. Can't say that the majority opinion of this place either just being adequate or worse are completely off base. The hotel lobby and the hallways made this place look like it was a 4 star hotel, and was optimistic that the reviews were wrong. I was disappointed once I entered our room. Found the 9th floor room we were assigned extremely tiny, even by Manhattan standards. Same with the bathroom. The $14.95 daily rate for in-room internet seems a little stiff as well. While they offer free internet access in the lobby, that is not always the most convenient way. The hotel was in the process of installing the mini-bar sensor system, so we would have to ask for and pay extra for an in-room fridge. Seems this hotel is a favourite of school groups, as our floor was overrun for a few nights by rooms filled with teenage girls. Things were out of hand on those nights enough that we complained by calling the front desk, and the same thing happened the next night. The best feature of this place was the location. You're right between Times Square and Central Park. You have 3 different sets of subway lines to choose from that are within very short walking distance, and several restaurants (some overpriced) are nearby. We found being here a little quieter for being in midtown New York, especially compared to Times Square.	
May 14 2009 	Only Satisfactory - could do with a bit more Pzazz	We had read a lot of bad reviews about this place and, since we didn't actually choose it (it was a gift from someone) we were a bit worried but it wasn't actually all that bad.We had made a mistake when booking and we didn't have enough nights - the staff at reception sorted this and were very accommodating - even giving the extra room at the cheaper rate. We also asked for a room on a higher floor and a room with a good view and we were given both with no trouble.The room / bathroom was spacious enough and there were two double beds (one bed and a couch would have been better perhaps) and it was clean. It was a little tatty in places but I don't expect a busy hotel room to be pristine! The view was excellent - we were north-facing on the 7th Avenue side on the 28th floor and could see a glimpse of Central Park and the river from where we were - great! You could hear a bit of traffic noise but hey - you are in a busy city!There is free wi-fi in the lobby area and we never had any trouble accessing this. We had a laptop and could take a seat and check emails as much as we wanted but there are a also a few free workstations dotted around and these are also connected to a printer. They were very busy at breakfast / dinner time but if you are up before 7am you will have no trouble.The location is excellent - 7th Avenue subway is literally right at the door and this gives you easy quick access to the rest of the city. If you fly into JFK take the air train to Sutphin Blvd (near Jamaica Street) and the jump onto the 'E' line - you should be at the hotel in about 1 hour with no hassle and it only costs $7 each.A few people on this site have complained about the 'left-luggage' charge but I didn't have a problem with this. Unlike other hotels this place we more professional. The bags were labelled and we were given receipts. There was an attendant there all day to serve you and I felt it was quite secue. $3.25 per bag per day wasn't unreasonable. One good tip - if, like us, you check out early in the day and then fly the same evening you can go for a last day in the city and then come back tot eh hotel and have a shower (completely free) in the leisure club downstairs. They'll even give you a towel and soap!However, I have stayed at a number of higher-end hotels before and most of them have just had a bit more of the 'wow' factor. This hotel wasn't particularly bad but it was just bland and unremarkable. For the cost I would have hoped for a bit more but then I know the person who booked the hotel probably didn't get the best rate!	
May 14 2009 	Customer Service - Not outdated	Commend the manager and staff of this facility for not forgetting they are in the Customer Service business -- even in NYC. After experiencing difficulty with the original reservation and before giving up in complete disgust, I was connected to the manager. What a surprise that I didn’t get the expected rude and hardliner response. I was asked if I would give him the opportunity to set things right. Though I had already made a tentative reservation at a competitor in the next block, I heard him out. I accepted his generous offer and had 4 comfortable nights at this property. Kudos to Mr. S. V. (not certain I should post his name) and his assistant. “I shall return”.	
May 12 2009 	This hotel is class	From the moment you enter you get the feeling of welcome and at the front desk a young lady called Helen made check-in so simple. Her friendly smile and attitude made it the perfect start. The accomodation was excellent and very clean. For a few extra dollars the Club lounge with superb breakfast and evening snacks is very good value. In terms of location this Sheraton couldn't be better. Five minutes to the left is Times Square and Theatreland and five mins to to the right is central park ... a great place to stroll of a Sunday - or any - afternoon. Just about everything is within walking distance.	
May 11 2009 	This Hotel gives the Sheraton line a bad name.	The only thing worse than the condition of the rooms which included: *saggy beds *mold in bathroom *dirty carpet *poorly functioning ac was how rude and uncaring the staff was. It seemed that they had heard all these complaints before and were definitely immune to them.I should have know that we were in for trouble when, at the time of check in, I witnessed an argument between a guest and a front desk attendant about unresolved issues in her room. At first I felt that guest was being very rude but then I understood just how frustrated she must have been.Save yourselves, don't stay at the Sheraton Hotel and Towers in NY. PS Just posted the review because I just discovered the site.	
May 11 2009 	much better than expected...	My husband &amp; I stayed at the Sheraton NY Hotel &amp; Towers from May 3 - 8th. We got a really good price from Priceline's Name Your Price feature -- $115US / night. Of course after reading all the bad reviews here at Tripadvisor, I was very worried. So I emailed Sheraton one week before our arrival to request for a room on a higher floor &amp; told them about my concerns regarding the poor reviews I've read. We had a very early arrival (8:30am), they did not have a room ready for us, which was expected and they told us they won't have one until 12noon. The receptionist was very nice &amp; they offered to store our luggage while we went for breakfast &amp; stroll Times Square until our room was ready. We came back at 12:30pm &amp; the room was ready, we got room # 3606 with 2 double beds. The room was a good size, not big but certainly enough room for 2 adults. Bathroom was small but clean. I really liked the complimentary toiletries, which was made by Bliss. We didn't hear much traffic noise due to the fact that we were on the 36th floor but do bring ear plugs just in case, 'cause you know it is NYC, the city that never sleeps! We could hear housekeeping in the morning but it wasn't so early that it bothered us. The safe in our room did not work, we called for maintenance &amp; someone came up right away but they couldn't fix it. We ended up using the safety deposit box in the lobby to store our passports and extra cash. Not too inconvenient since we would go down to the lobby anyways, get the cash from the safe box before heading out. Check-out was easy and convenient using their video check-out. Overall, we had a really pleasant stay. None of the complaints we read about were there. I would definitely recommend the Sheraton NY Towers especially if you can get a good price for it like we did.	
May 11 2009 	good value on priceline prices	We got this hotel through the priceline blind bidding process and at the price we paid it was definitely worth it - the location is right in the middle of midtown and is convenient for central park, broadway shows (Mamma Mia was showing in the theatre across the road, with Shrek The Musical &amp; the Letterman/Late Show studio just one block over) and there are various subway stops within 0-4 mins walk of the hotel.The room was spacious and comfortable with a huge bed, flat screen TV and a good view of 7 th avenue towards Times Square. Bathroom was nice and fairly clean with selection of nice toiletries, although the water pressure in shower wasn't great (we were on 24th floor and have stayed previously in a lower room where pressure was fine so possibly just related to this).One gripe is we were charged for leaving our bags with the bag storage for only a few hours on our last day although we are Sheraton preferred members - the website indicated this service was free at this hotel.	
May 11 2009 	It's all about location for this hotel	If you 're looking too see how good the amenities are this isn't the review to read.That being said this hotel had a fantastic location for what we wanted to do which was to explore Manhattan.Easy walk to Theatre District,museums,Central Park,shopping,dining in Hell's Kitchen,seeing Times Square and many other must see locations.We stayed three nights here and one night at Hotel Intercontinental Barclay.Barclay was a litlle bigger and nicer but Sheraton's location was superior.Only real service we experienced was from bellman at each location.Barclay was friendlier but both gave us good recommendations for restaurants etc.Needed parking for our rental car as we were in town for a wedding in CT.It wasn't controlled by hotel but was still cheaper than the parking at Barclay,which was controlled by hotel.Easy access to subway.If you dont't plan on spending alot of time in your room and wnat easy access to Manhattan's most appealling attractions go on priceline and bid $109-129 and you will be thrilled!	
May 9 2009 	Comfortable Stay	We stayed at this hotel for three nights. The hotel room was adequately appointed. Comfortable king size bed and enough space to store our things. However, the bathroom was very small, there was barely enough room to keep our toiletries handy. It was clean, but not spotless. The inner shower curtain could use a change. The central location was ideal for walking to several major attractions. The area felt very safe during the day and night. This hotel turned out to suit our needs especially because we got a good price with Priceline. If we had to book a room at their advertised rates, it would have been too pricey for what we got.	
May 6 2009 	Nice Stay no surprises	Stayed from Apr 25-28Room #1005After winning a bid in this hotel from Priceline for $110 (a great bargain), I quickly started to read the numerous review on the hotel here @ tripadvisor. After worrying about all the reports about pests, I sent the hotel an email outlining the concern. I got a replied assuring me that those comments are not true.Check-in: arrived @ about 5-6pm ish, only 1 person in front of us in the lineup. Check-in was fast.Room: No pests, yes the carpet is old and definitely need a replacement. Room is smaller than you would expect from other cities (hey but this is Manhattan). Things are clean. I do not see any of the mentioned wood curtain blinds. Yes, you would hear people opening/closing the door or talking right outside of the room but I didn't really hear anything during sleep time/early in the morning. Maids are cleaning the room early in the morning around 9am but we never hear them shout.There's also a Sheraton Time Squared right across the street (and seems like construction is going on there). I would definitely recommend this Sheraton over the other one since it is exactly the same location.Transportation:Walking about 5-10min would get you to time squareor Take the subway (hotel is on top of a station)Overall a nice hotel	
May 6 2009 	Pleasantly surprised	My husband and I had read the TripAdvisor reviews of the Sheraton after booking it on Priceline and were expecting the worst, so we were pleasantly surprised when we walked in. The room was clean and modern, albeit a little small. The location was terrific - just outside of Times Square, which spared us the crowds, but close enough to walk to Times Square, Central Park, and tons of other attractions. There is a subway stop right next to the hotel, which is very convenient.	
May 6 2009 	The Best Stay ever!!!!!!! 4/30 - 5/3	The hotel was the best ever and i have stayed in plenty. The staff was respectful and pleasent. I didnt want for nothing. Anything i needed i got. It was very very clean and the food was GREAT!!!!! wHEN I RETURN IT WILL BE WITH THEM.. THANKS FOR THE BEST TIME EVER!!!!!! Teresa	
May 5 2009 	Impressed	I've stayed at this hotel many times and this time was a different experience. You can never fault the location, but this was the first time I felt welcomed. The club level is always enjoyable with excellent staff. My room felt cleaner than in the past and the remodel of the lobby is a definite improvement. I do miss the restaurant that now serves only breakfast and lunch.	
May 5 2009 	We should have trusted the other Trip Advisor reviews before booking!	We booked this trip using the name your own price feature on Priceline, with confidence that a 4-star hotel would be more than adequate. After being told that this was the hotel that priceline gave us, we came on to trip advisor and read some very disappointing reviews. We were a little apprehensive and so we called the hotel ahead to make sure that we were getting a &quot;renovated room&quot;- hotel staff were not too friendly over the phone and that should have been our first clue that we should have stayed elsewhere.We got to a very, VERY rainy New York City only to find out that we were too early to check in. The hotel did nothing to make us feel at home. Once we checked in, we received a room on the preferred floor that was small, and very dusty. We called down to the front desk to see if there was anything they could do (especially since the dust was starting to become a problem for my allergies and asthma), and they told us they couldn't move us but they would send up housekeeping. Housekeeping didn't come until Day 3 of our stay, when we finally went down to complain. On top of this, as visitors to the city, we expected that the concierge would be helpful in planning our activities in the city, especially considering the horrible weather we were experiencing. We were DEAD wrong. The first woman who &quot;helped&quot; us was not only rude but also unhelpful when we asked about buying tickets to a show. We ended up going to the box office ourselves, without any advice to do so from her. Our second experience was with another member of the concierge team, who told us to go 1 hour early to the lower east side area where we had made a dinner reservation because there was so much to do. We got there and EVERYTHING was closed, not to mention it was mainly residential. We were thoroughly unimpressed, and wet since we had to wait in the rain until we could go to the restaurant. The next morning, we were lucky enough to have to deal with the same woman from Day 1 again at concierge, who told us at 9:30am to go to Soho to go shopping, but neglected to mention that absolutely everything was closed until noon. By the time things opened, we were soaking wet and very much not in the mood to shop anymore. After all this, we complained to the manager, who was very nice and gave us a $100 food credit to our room- this was very nice but certainly didn't go very far! We tried to go for breakfast but for 2 people it would have been at least $80 (for a basic buffet)!!Needless to say, we won't be staying at the Sheraton New York ever again, and will only be booking on priceline if we know we can get something worth our money.	
May 5 2009 	Not that nice great location	This Sheraton was not that great by Sheraton standards. The bathrooms were really small and a little dingy. The room had some issues. The refrigerator did not work, the outlet in the bathroom did not work, and the water pressure on the shower was not great. You can open the windows which is nice. This hotel is busy. There are crowds in the lobby and in front of it 24/7. The location is amazing. It is in Times Square and is a quick walk to the center of the Square. They N-R-Q-W subway line is also just a few blocks away. They have free wifi if you bring your laptop down to the lobby or you can use a lobby computer but those can be hard to get at times. You have to pay $14.95 for internet otherwise. Parking at the hotel is $42/day. I drove in and parked a few blocks away for half of the price. This is right next to Bar Americain which is Bobby Flay's restaurant and Le Bernardin and the Palm are also pretty close, so there are some nice restaurants around. I wouldn't recommend going to Lindy's which is next door but the place called La Maison is good for drinking and cheaper eats. The Carnegie Deli is also close.	
May 5 2009 	Good value great location!	I was so nervous about staying at this hotel after having a terrible experience at the Chicago Sheraton Hotel and Towers. I pricelined a 4-star hotel in NYC for $100 and this one accepted my bid. Because it's non-refundable, I had to take it, but after reading some of the reviews, tried to prepare myself for the worst. My husband and I were very pleasantly surprised. First, for that price, this hotel can't be beat. Not sure that I'd pay full price, but for $100, we could walk to almost any attraction you'd want to see in NYC, terrific restaurants, and famous spots like the Carnegie deli or just down the street. The hotel staff were very, very nice and when I wrote to one of the managers in advance, telling him of my previous bad experience at another Sheraton, Jorge Guerrero the Guest Services Center Manager, responded immediately, assured me he would personally see that our stay was a great one, and we did. The room was a little bit dusty and the bathroom could have used a little bit more attention, but nothing that would deter me from staying again. Rooms are small and the bed took up most of the space, but if you are not planning to be in your room for any length of time, it doesn't matter. I would definitely recommend this hotel. Don't get this hotel confused with the Sheraton Manhattan across the street, which does look a bit dingy and run down, be sure you book with Sheraton New York Hotel and Towers. All in all, a very good place to hang your hat while you explore the city.	
May 2 2009 	Appalling Treatment of Disabled Guests - Disgrace to Starwood Hotels!	Do not stay at this hotel! Never have I been shouted at before by a &quot;supervisor&quot; at a hotel! Visited NYC with 9 year old daughter, I have a progressive medical condition and requested a disabled access room. A/C would not work the first night, couldn't sleep as temp in room above 80 degrees, did not want to wake daughter however so went down next morning to request assistance. Was yelled at by front desk supervisor who demanded to know what was wrong with me and why I needed a disabled room as he saw no wheelchair! His intimidating manner was so bad both my daughter and I were left in tears. I have stayed in Starwood properties before and this hotel was definitely not up to their usual standards. The fact it has a 4 star rating amazes me, you don't even get the usual amenities information package in your room so you have no idea what amenities the hotel has to offer even down to the simplest things such as where the ice machine is, the rooms themselves are not very clean, the carpets are stained, the rooms smell terrible and the second room we were placed in had these little bugs all over the place. It's only saving grace is the concierge, very polite and professional.	
May 1 2009 	It Was Great	Came home recently from staying at the Sheraton for 4 nights. I was their on business and wasn't paying myself, but it was great. First class service, friendly staff, check in a breeze, upgraded me to a bigger room. Location can't be beat. Sure it is a busy hotel, sure the hotel food and drink is expenive, sure the rooms are a little small, hey it is NYC.Get out there and explore Manhattan, so many great food and drink places in the area at a fraction of the prices of the hotel to choose from.. Again I found the hotel very well run, my room was always spotlessly clean, the TV HD picture awesome., the free internet access and computers in the lobby a nice touch. I have no complaints and would gladly stay there again for the location and service alone	
May 1 2009 	expected better from the sheraton	very happy with the location of this hotel, dont eat breakfast across the road as its a rip off, we ate at the street vendors every morning once realized.we were traveling with a 16 month old, so we had a stroller with us, at the time we were there they were re doing the ramp... over four days we were not offered help to get the stroller down the stairs by the door man... not even once!!Location here is very good, right between centrel park and times square.Expected better from the sheraton as the one here in sydney is awesome!	
Apr 28 2009 	Convenient location	Just back from a 5 night stay at the Sheraton Hotel which i enjoyed. The location is very convenient for all the sights of New York and is just a few blocks up from Times and Square and the centre of Broadway. I had a flight from Newark and then took the bus to Port Authority Bus Station (8th Av 41st Street) and found it an easy walk to the Hotel even with my heavy suitcase!Checking in went smoothly and was in room number 2052 (20th floor) which was at the back of the hotel looking out at 53rd Street and 7th Av. The room was small but clean and comfortable especially the bed. There was a good bathroom and a large widescreen TV with at least 40 channels. Having an in-room safe was a real bonus. There was some noise both from the corridor but nothing that really distrubed youfrom sleeping. The hotel was very busy throughout my stay. I never used any of the facilities (gym etc) and didnt eat breakfast or any evening meal in the hotel. There are a number of goof cafes ect around the hotel for breakfast and are much cheaper. Two favourites were Le Pain Quoiten (at the top of 7th Av near Central park only a few minutes up from the hotel) and Alice's Tea House (Lexington Av 64th St over on the east of central park which is a bit of a walk away but a real gem of a place )I enjoyed my stay in New York especially for the location of this hotel as i was able to walk everywhere in New York that i wanted to go to see. It was quite expensive but due to the prime location i can understand. It is a simple hotel with no frills and the staff seemed to be helpful. I was able to leav my luggage after i checked out for a small fee of $3.25.	
Apr 28 2009 	DIRTY-POOR SERVICE-GROSS BATHROOMS-DISGUSTING-BAD MANAGMENT	I have stayed here before and its always the same thing. Unfortunately I book through priceline and don't have a choice in the matter. Priceline rates this place a 4 star hotel. But Hotwire list is at a 31/2 star. It not a 4 star hotel by any means. This hotel has small rooms that are dirty. Very dirty. My carpet was frayed and torn (#3905) old wooden blinds that have been around forever and don't work anymore. They where dusty and broken. The bathroom has mildewed growing on the shower curtain. After I made a big deal about it. They sent a housekeeping supervisor to my room. She saw it - promised to correct it - but they never did anything about it. This hotel is mismanaged and just plain disgusting. Anyone giving this hotel a good review is either not to concerned with cleanliness or not a frequent traveler. I travel every other week for business. I am a Starwood Gold Member. They hotel does not upgrade members and does not even give you the SPG Gold key card holder. There is no recognition here for being an elite member whatsoever. They just don't care. Only stay here if you get stuck on priceline or hotwire. But don't pay more then $150 a night. Because its just not worth it. Even the phones in the room are old and full of previous guest ear wax. This place is gross. The bathroom was full of previous guest hairs. Its terrible here. The only plus here is that the hotel is in an excellent location. It also has free wifi in the lobby and public areas. The lobby (unlike the rooms) has been recently remolded and is very nice. Its very busy and people are all over the place. But its nice and a good place to people watch. The food at this hotel is also very good. Its a shame that the customer service is not as good as the food. Phone operators are rude and don't answer the phone sometimes. There is no commitment to guest service here whatsoever. STAY AWAY !!!	
Apr 26 2009 	Hated the hotel	I have been a loyal Sheraton client for many years, but this hotel was a great shock. The rooms were tiny and filthy.	
Apr 25 2009 	Didn't want to leave	Highly recommend checking out the Sheraton NY Hotel and Towers in Manhattan for your next stay. It's located just a few blocks from Time Square, making it the ideal spot to stay in Manhattan. It's a beautiful hotel, very clean, with a friendly and helpful staff. Don't let the negative reviews scare you - I spent a week in this hotel, with a large group of friends in other rooms. None of us had a single complaint about this hotel. We will definitely be returning!	
Apr 24 2009 	Eh......	Fairly mediocre Sheraton. All rooms supposedly are smoke-free, but my room smelled like they'd instituted that policy the night before. The rooms are tiny, wiht a goofy set-up that has the desk facing the window away from the TV and light.The bathroom is adequate, but, again, small. The beds are fairly comfortable.The staff was helpful.I agree that $15 per day for interent is ridiculous. For some reason, thought (jamming?) I couldn't get my cell card to work well.Also annoying was $4 per bag to check bags while attending a conference but before my flight.The conference was well done but the rooms were cramped. Location is an advantage -- near Broadway and Times Square.On balance, though, merely adequate.	
Apr 24 2009 	Not worth it	One of the big pluses of this place is its location. It is very close to Broadway theaters, Times Square, and MOMA. Also, they have free internet access computers in the lobby and free wireless in the lobby. The lobby was very crowded all three days we stayed there. It is pretty much a convention hotel. The hotel is quite dated and so are the rooms. When we entered our room it was stinking of smoke, and since you cannot open the windows it stayed like that throughout our stay. It is nowhere close to a 4-star hotel. If I had not booked this though priceline I would say it is definitely not worth it. A friend stayed at the INtercontinental which was also a 4-star, and I would say it was much better than the Sheraton.	
Apr 23 2009	I couldn't complain even if I'd paid 3 times as much	I needed a NYC hotel room for one night, and Priceline found one for me at the Sheraton: $110 for 2 adults. Our plane arrived quite early, and we had planned to store our luggage for the day, but a very gracious gentleman at the registration desk announced that a suitable room was available. Check in at 10:00am! The room was a fantastic bargain - clean and attractive, with comfortable beds, nice linens, large flat-screen TV, and the all-important in-room coffeemaker with packets of my favorite brand of coffee. The rooms weren't huge, but two of us didn't feel crowded at all. The elevators were readily available, and if you've ever had to play Elevator Roulette at the nearby Marriott Marquis, you'll understand what a convenience that is. We could hear a few noises from the hallway, but nothing that interfered with a good night's sleep. The only disappointment was the cost of a visit to the on-site gym. My daughter decided that $10 was too much to pay for one visit and 45 minutes on a treadmill, so she skipped her workout and suggested a brisk morning walk - to a restaurant. A much better plan, I thought... It was a very pleasant, too-short stay at a hotel I would happily return to.	
Apr 23 2009 	Excellent experience	Great location, attentive staff, larger than expected rooms. Check the website for special rates - we received a free night after staying two. Wonderful cafe across the street for a quick and inexpensive breakfast. Provided us adjoining rooms to accommodate an aging parent. Would not stay anywhere else in NYC.	
Apr 23 2009 	Great hotel outstanding service	Very friendly atmosfere, helpful employees, excellent food, good location.	
Apr 22 2009 	Avoid This Place	Booked here since listed as 4 star and a Sheraton. It is 2 start at best and sullies Sheraton name.Rooms are tiny but that isn't the issue. They are filthy dirty. Had no hot water...just lukewarm. Paid daily rate $14.95 + tax for internet access in room but it only worked for a couple of hours and never again. Had to wait 1 1/2 hours to check in due to system being down. Next day tried to charge a gfit shop item to room but could not because system was down. Noisy with thin walls and loud water pipes. Horrendously priced breakfast -- 2 people was $68 and we had fruit and oatmeal. AVOID THIS HOTEL!	
Apr 22 2009 	Great Location-Adequate Hotel	Visited from UK for 5 days. Never been to US never mind NYC. Never Again. Hotel was in a great location, decent room, bit old fashioned and tired but didn't go to inspect room, only was in room for showering and sleeping, beds comfortable and plenty of hot water, hotel restaurant and bars very expensive. £50 for 2 x cheeseburger &amp; fries with coke each. Had a great time visiting usual tourist places, highlights was dinner dance on a hudson river cruise, carriage ride in central park, meal at rosie o'grady's across the road, sex and the city tour and grayline bus tour. Shopping was fun. Be prepared to spend alot of money, constant sneezing and coughing from the fumes in the city, dealing with rude reception staff, taxi drivers, sales assistants, tour guides, etc. I have never been so poorly treated on holiday in my life, not made to feel welcome. Will never visit USA again much prefer Europe such as Paris, Rome, Barcelona London etc.	
Apr 22 2009 	Fine Stay Great Locatin Right Price	This was the third time staying at this hotel. They vary the price to what the market conditions are. If you can catch this hotel with the right price, jump on it. The rooms are New York small, but certainly work out fine. The service is good and friendly. This trip we were checking out colleges for our teen ager. There are several subway stops in the area of about two blocks of the hotel giving you a choice of subway lines. You are a couple of blocks from Times Square. It is only a six dollar cab ride to Lincoln Center. The MoMA is three blocks away. You are a short six blocks from Central Park. Great restaurants in the area. BTW, the beds are fabulous!! FYI, we paid $200/night over a week end, plus all of those taxes and fees that New York does so well!!	
Apr 22 2009 	Service and Attention	After reading all of the reviews for this hotel I was a bit scared to book my stay here. I contacted the hotel and spoke with someone about the reviews I ad read. She confirmed that many upgrades had been made and that the hotel would be at the level of quality that I expected. She even took time to send me pictures of the new rooms. My stay was for 11days. I am an SPG Gold member (Soon to be Platinum). This may have effected my treatment. However, I do recommend you become a frequent traveler with one brand; it will always raise your level of service. The hotel had confirmed that a lot of upgrades had recently happened at this location.1) All new mattresses within the past month. I have to have a good sleep while on the road and this mattress was great.2) Flat screen TVs in the room. Not that I need a flat screen, but I do like to have the screen be large enough to watch TV and enjoy it. This TV was perfect.3) The room size was no smaller than any other room I had stayed at in NYC. In fact it was a bit bigger. Usually I can't even roll my luggage into the room. This room had enough room.I did stay on one of the club level floors (47th Floor). This may have increased my pleasure. When I stay at a hotel my schedule is different everyday. The cleaning staff was pretty quick about getting into my room on my schedule and getting it cleaned. Occassionally, they would forget to stock my room with some item, but one call to the front desk and it would be delivered to my room. This hotel is constantly busy and is located just off Broadway. You are in the heart of the tourist area, so if you want a less busy location this would not be your choice. The lobby is always full of people, but if you are SPG Preferred, you will be able to check in Quickly and Easily. Not sure about non-SPG check in. This location has a great fitness center. If you are Gold or Platinum, the gym is free, if you are not you will pay $10 a day or $20 for your entire stay (no matter how long it is). Overall a great stay.	
Apr 21 2009 	Terrible Parking Issues - avoid if driving shabby rooms stay elsewhere	Upon arrival my husband waited on the street, with a turn signal on, for 45 minutes. This was after being turned away from one side of the garage and forced to drive around the block because someone was double parked and he was blocking a bus. I got out with some luggage, checked in, went to the room, powdered my nose called him only to find he hadn't moved. I went back down to the parking kiosk to tell them we had reservations and we'd already waited over close to 45 minutes but the guy in the booth wouldn't even talk to me. Five minutes later they move some cars to let more people in. Leaving on Sunday at 7:11AM no one there but us, they call for our car. 15 minutes, no car. Other people try to get their cars, now 4 people with luggage waiting for cars, nothing. Finally, another customer, gets mad and yells &quot;Is there a problem?&quot; so the kiosk clerk goes looking after 20 minutes and says, &quot;We're full, they have to move cars.&quot; Our car comes out at 7:44. We were furious to wait a half hour to leave the hotel when there was no traffic and no one in front of us. I hate to think what the people behind us waited. The room was small, warm and shabby. The closet is bigger than the bathroom. The &quot;double beds&quot; were in reality large twin beds. There were stains on the wallpaper of the bathroom. The desk was dirty. Except for the large screen TV everything was worn, especially the hall carpet. After maid service the next day there was no replacement of glasses, cups or coffee.	
Apr 21 2009 	A bit too expensive	Once we arrived, it was a bit busy and the line was not moving at all. We got our room and the view was pretty amazing. I can't say the same for the room. It wasn't what I expected for that price. The washroom was a bit worn out and the beds were not that confy.	
Apr 20 2009 	Bed bugs...	We stayed at this hotel for five nights. We were moved after the third night as my daughter got 15 bed bug bites. Rooms and halls are not kept up. We were not impressed. Great location though.	
Apr 19 2009 	Four-Star? More Like A Two-Star...	Rooms are small and beds are not comfortable, and the bedding is poor quality. AC and heat controls are buried under a grate that must be lifted on the faux desk, which was dirty inside and the controls were loose and barely worked. Four elevators service each group of floors, and on checkout, only three worked, which made for unbelievable crowds when trying to get out of the hotel. Cleaning staff was loud and rude outside of rooms, shouting to one another from one end of the floor's corridor to the other at early morning hours. Speaking of corridors, there were many places where the wall coverings were torn, worn off, or dirty. This is by no means a four-star hotel, as I have stayed many times at other four-star locations in NYC. At best, temper your expectations to a two-star stay and you get the idea. This hotel is VERY worn down at the heels.	
Apr 19 2009 	Even my 8-year-old was disappointed"	I don't usually write reviews, but since I've used TripAdvisor to such great benefit for my family vacations, I feel that I should also contribute. I have to agree with the bulk of the reviews posted on TripAdvisor about this hotel. I got a great price through PriceLine ($110/night for April break), otherwise I would never have chosen this hotel. It is barely a three-star hotel in my opinion, and definitely far from a four-star hotel. The lobby is depressing. Even though I tried to build it up a bit, when my 8-year-old daughter walked in, she said, &quot;This is it?&quot; Check-in was quick, and I took Priceline's advice to call and request a higher room with two beds, which we got. We arrived early, and were able to store our bags for the day at no charge (on the day of check-in). They must charge only on day of check-out I guess. We walked the two blocks to MOMA and spent a few hours there waiting for the room to be ready. The room really was as filthy as everyone said. The venetian blinds were dusty, cobwebs in the windows, the bathroom mirror was all smeared, and there were crusty white spots on the carpet. Blech. Makes you wonder what you're not seeing. Housekeeping during our five-day stay was abyssmal, and basically consisted of emptying the trash and new towels. Our beds were never made, just the covers pulled up, and the bathroom mirror was never washed. The room wasn't vacuumed during our five days. We did have two glass glasses when we arrived, but they disappeared the first day, and after that, it was just plastic cups. Four stars? Whatever. As for location, it is ideal. The staff were pleasant enough and the beds were very, very comfortable! Even for NYC though, dining in the area was exceptionally pricey. We stuck to the street vendors and deli/buffets as much as possible. Lindy's diner across the street charges $16 for a basic 3-egg breakfast! In viewing the local menus in restaurant windows, that seemed pretty standard. The Metro diner across the street charged $18 for a basic hamburger. I can say that as compared to other parts of NYC, these prices are way high. I imagine it must be because only tourists eat in the Times Square area? Maybe the locals know to eat in other neighborhoods....So, pack some granola bars and your own sanitizing wipes, go to Priceline, and take a chance. Happy traveling! Thanks again to all the others who have posted on TripAdvisor. It really helped me to be prepared, and since I knew what to expect, I wasn't too disappointed.	
Apr 19 2009 	Overall a positive experience... though there are problems.	The Sheraton Towers was the host hotel for a conference I attended. After reading so many negative reviews here I came close to canceling and booking a hotel close by instead but it just seemed too much trouble since all my sessions were at the Sheratron. Check in was simple. No line at 6 pm. They guy who checked me in told me I was a Gold SPG member (I had no idea) and upgraded me to a Club Floor room. It was on the 48th floor with beautiful views of Central Park West and beyond. The room was clean and adequate, though certainly not four star. The big problem, for me, was the noise. My room was terribly insulated. I heard every sound in the hallway, every door close and every voice that passed through the hall. The cleaning staff also seemed to be unusually loud and I heard them constantly shouting. If you are looking for a peaceful quiet night's sleep this is not the place for you, particularly if you're a light sleeper. The location was terrific and I kept the heating off so that didn't seem to be an issue as others complained of.	
Apr 17 2009 	Great hotel in a fantastic location	After the initial excitement of winning a very reasonable bid on Priceline, 6 nights from 7th – 13th April, our hearts sank when we began reading the reviews.The weeks of prior anxiety quickly disappeared upon our arrival at 3pm to discover one person in the queue for check in. The receptionist seemed pleasant enough and when we requested a room high up, gave us one on the 37th floor. We then took an empty, very fast elevator to our floor and were in our room by 3.10pm.The room itself, although not freshly decorated with brand new furniture was kept very clean daily. We had not visited NY to inspect the hotel room or indeed spend a great deal of time in watching TV, so were more than happy.The large bed was very comfortable and had more than enough space to move around. There is a large flat screen TV and bathroom with small bath and shower, again kept very clean with fresh towels daily.You can hear some noise from the corridor and doors closing but we didn’t experience much sound after midnight, by which time we were generally asleep from exhaustion from the day’s activities. The noise was no worse than any other hotel we have stayed in.We didn’t eat at all in the hotel but why would you when there are thousands of places to eat on your doorstep.Check out again took minutes and we stowed our two bags all day for $3.25 each.If you want a good hotel that is in a superb location, only two minutes walk from Times Square, then we would definitely recommend.	
Apr 17 2009 	Great price and location....had a few problems though!	Just returned from 5 nights at the Sheraton NY Hotel and Towers which we got (for a great price) by bidding on Priceline...we arrived early (1pm) and were allowed to check into one of our rooms, which was great. We were told our second room was not ready yet (were told room #)..not a major problem since we were able to unload into one room and get started sightseeing! We came back to the hotel at 6:30 pm and were told that our second room was still not available. After further inquiry, I was told that our second room was occupied by an airline attendant and would not be available until about 9 pm after he/she departed...not sure why I wasn't told this in the first place. (We were traveling with children and needed rooms that were at least next door to each other.) At 8:10, the attendant checked out; I was in the hallway when she walked out of the room with her luggae. No one from housekeeping came to clean the room. At 9pm, I called downstairs again to see if the room was available. The front desk told me that the room would be ready in 30 minutes b/c housekeeping was in the room cleaning it right then...I knew this was not true because you can hear everything that goes on in the room next door! At 9:50 pm, I called and spoke with the manager on duty (Zoe) and she got the ball rolling and gave each room a $50 dining credit (Thanks, Zoe!); a housekeeping attendant came and stripped the bed, then at 10:30 another staff member finally came to clean the room. Finally, at 10:50, I went into the hall and spoke with the housekeeping attendant (who was finished with the room and already working on another down the hall); she let me into the room. The front desk never called to say that the room was ready and never sent up a set of keys. About 45 minutes later, the bellman knocked on our door with another family checking in! The next morning, I stopped at the front desk to make sure we were even checked in to the room and to receive a set of keys. The front desk personnel and housekeeping (that morning and the previous night) were always friendly and considerate; we were also given a complimentary late checkout on the day of our departure by Maddie (Thanks, Maddie!) due to the problems. We had no additional problems during our stay; however, it was a very rough beginning and sort of got our trip off to a very bad start! Always an optimist, this could be a one-time experience; however it makes me uncertain about staying here again. The hotel did have a complimentary internet cafe in the lobby with computers and printers free of charge for the guests in addition to the business center...I thought this was a plus.Overall, I think the location and price (as well as the dining credit and complimentary late checkout) outweighed the initial trouble. Definitely try Remi's next door if you like Italian!	
Apr 17 2009 	Cockroach towers!!	My wife and I stayed in what we thought was going a better than average hotel. Our horror was having stayed in a room with Cockroaches and mice running around. I woke in the middle of the night to have a roach on my throat. My wife was greeeted by two others later that night as she got uo tpo use the toilet.After advising the hotel reception team of the infestation in our room, we were moved to another room and offered $150 to spend in the hotel. We were told by the hotel staff that the hotel was infested with Cockroaches and mice and they were constantly having to move guests to other rooms. Needless to say we were reluctant to eat in the hotel after this and did not want to use the $150 compensation. When asking the hotel management to refund this money back to us as we had pain in advance of our stay they became very hostile and initally refused. after some argument, they agreed to refund the amount to my credit card. after returning to the UK I found despite their agreement to do thiis they have not. I am now taking steps to sue them. What a shame, great location shoddy hotel and poor managment.	
Apr 16 2009 	This hotel needs to shape up its cleaning staff!	I stay in NYC about every other month. I always stay in a 4 star hotel in Midtown. This hotel should not be ranked as a 4*. The building is old and you can see this even in walking down the hallways. While the rooms were of standard size for NY and have the same basic amenities, my main complaint was with the cleanliness of the room. When I got ready to get into bed, I noticed a jelly bean and wrapper right under the night stand in plain view. When I got out of bed, I noticed that either someone else's socks were in the bed and fell out or they were just right outside the bed on the floor! Seeing these things made me feel uncomfortable about what else they didn't clean thoroughly.In terms of location, it's great for being near the theaters and Time Square without being in the middle of it. There is some construction going on outside though which makes the air dusty. I will stay elsewhere next time as I was not at all thrilled with this hotel.	
Apr 14 2009 	Exceptional	After reading all the negative reviews, I was very worried. I sent an email to the reservations desk prior to my arrival expressing my concerns.I arrived at the hotel at 1pm. Check in is not until 3pm. I was allowed to check-in immediately. There was no wait to check-in and the reservations staff was very friendly. They indicated that they had received my email and gave me a free upgrade to a suite! The room was fabulous and huge. It was on the 47th floor and overlooked Radio City Music Hall.Just prior to departing for dinner that night, room service arrived. This was a surprise since I had not ordered room service. It was a gift from the reservations manager since it was my birthday. She sent a bottle of wine along with cheese and crackers.On the day we checked out, we wanted to do some additional sightseeing. We left our bags with the check area. The staff there was extremely friendly and it only costs us $7 to store 2 bags for the entire stay.The only negative thing I'd have to say was that the temperature in the room was difficult to control. I would have called the front desk about this issue, but was having such a wonderful time, I never bothered.Great hotel, great location, great staff!!!	
Apr 13 2009 	More basic than one might expect	We stayed here on holidays in March: it was a bit of a let down. It is a much older hotel than we expected. The heating is central, not individually controlled: they turned off our radiators completely, and opened our windows and the room was still way too warm. I was quite surprised that was the only solution. We were on quite a high floor and the street noise was still very bad. The wooden blinds in the room were filthy: every time we moved them we had a dust storm. Rooms are quite small.We tried to go for breakfast on the weekend: it was only a buffet at some ridiculous price, and only until 11:00 AM! Staff was friendly, location is good if you want mid town. We still haven't decided if we would return: we would be very concerned about staying here in the winter for fear the rooms would be way too hot.	
Apr 12 2009 	Great location smallish rooms v. busy and a bit impersonable.	We are a family of five (two parents, three teenagers aged 18,16 and 12). in New York on a sightseeing visit - first time in New York. This hotel is in a fantastic location within a few minutes walking distance of Central Park, Times Square, 5th Avenue and Broadway. Would definatly recommend it as far as location goes. Bedrooms were quite small and we were upgraded. We booked two rooms- one had a queen sized bed, the other had two small doubles. Not really large enough to share. The space in the rooms was poor especially once your suitcases were in, but we managed.There was a United Nations conference in whilst we were there so the hotel , which apparently is a conference hotel, was very busy in the lobby at peak times. This meant the lift seemed to stop on every floor and as we were on the 48th floor it took a while to get down.We had booked bed and breakfast. You are issued with passes for breakfast, but we were only given enough for half our stay and had to negotiate with them when they tried to charge us for breakfat. Breakfast is expensive if you are paying for a one off.The early morning call we booked for both rooms only happened in one. The staff were efficient, but distant, which is to be expected i suppose in such a big hotel.Overall the hotel was Ok - everything you would expect in such a large facility. The best bit was definatly location.	
Apr 12 2009 	Glad I only paid $125	Just returned from a stay at the Sheraton Towers. The hotel was ok. I had a few problems with it. Check-in was crazy busy but the girl that checked me in was super nice and friendly so that helped. I think the hotel was fully booked so a long line was understandable, however my room was not ready at 3:30 so they found me another-right next to the elevator, lol. I was worried that it would be really loud but I have to say it was fine. The room was ok-certainly not what I would consider 4 stars but it was ok. Seemed clean but noticed some sand in the bed(yikes). There was nothing in the room that explained room service or the fitness area or the hotel restaurant-that was annoying. I also called the front desk to inquire about a soda/water machine and was informed that they have no vending machines in the hotel. To get a bottle of water I would have to call room service or go out to the corner market, difficult with 2 young kids. I have seen other reviews mentioning the temperature of the rooms. Whew! it was stifling in there! Finally figured out how to turn off the hot air and it got a bit better. All in all, it was a decent hotel with a great location but I would not stay here again.	
Apr 10 2009 	Best value and location	The central location and easy access to public transportation makes this my first choice for New York City. Furthermore the additonal $30 to $40 for a club level room is the best value for your money. The complimentary breakfast includes healthy options and very comprehensive, free all-day freshly brewed starbucks coffee/lattes, etc., makes this totally worth it. Not to mention the free printing and evening happy hour with complimentary hors d'oeuvres and desert.	
Apr 8 2009 	If you don't mind hordes of kids partying til all hours then this hotel is for you.	OK - the good: centrally located. easy access to subway and park. the bad: this hotel caters to extremely large groups of students. The model UN was being held there during my stay and the kids were partying and making a ton of noise all night long. The rooms have no easy chairs, only one old desk chair. The smaller rooms have no bureaus (no drawers for your clothes). The bathrooms are so small that you can't close the door if you are sitting on the toilet.Only paid 115 a night through priceline but would never stay there again. In fact, I will avoid using priceline for that region for fear of ever getting this hotel again.	
Apr 8 2009 	It was ok--not in a rush to go back	The good: excellent location, comfy bed, windows that open for fresh air. The rest: windows very dirty, rooms small with very outdated bathrooms. Doors slam very loudly. Every time someone near you opens their door and closes it, you will know it. Very slow check-in; peak times they need more people working at check-in. Many groups staying at this hotel so lobby was usually very crowded (at one point probably 100 people there!). And we had the pleasure (not) of a group of youths staying near us who were up all hours of the night noisily going from room to room. They charge you $3.25 per bag per day to hold any bag for you. Ridiculous. You will get a recording the night before check-out saying if the bill they leave under your door is accurate, use the check-out kiosk. Well the check-out kiosk has been removed and therefore you cannot use it! Instead of waiting in the long line that was already there at 11am, I handed the key to the concierge who noted my room number. AND the message left also threatens you with $150 charge if you're in the room after 12 noon! Nice. Didn't eat there. Would I go back? I'd check out other hotels in the area first.	
Apr 8 2009 	Security and Heating/Cooling Issues	The good - location. It is in the center of things with lots of restaurants and activities around so you don't have to go far to be entertained. The bad - First - we checked in at 3pm. At 330pm someone else tried to enter our room. Seems that this traverler was also checked into the same room. Very bad from a security standpoint. Second - our safe did not work properly. Brought this to the hotel's attention twice - nothing was done.Third - the room's heating and cooling unit did not work properly. The room was a sauna most of the time - very uncomfortable.We won't be back. There are much better hotels to stay at near Times Square. If you are a SPG member, choose the W or the Westin.	
Apr 7 2009 	Nice Hotel. Great Location. Kids loved the Concierge Lounge	I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights with the family (3 kids). I called ahead of time and was able to get an upgrade to a junior suite, and access to the concierge lounge. Jennifer was very helpful in setting this up. My kids loved the concierge lounge on the 44th floor. Great breakfast, okay appetizers at night (free soft drinks, but cash bar for everything else). Very cool touch screen tabletop computer that my kids loved playing with while in the lounge. We went to the pool across the street at the other Sheraton hotel. Nice big pool, harder for the kids to play around when people are swimming laps. No pool toys allowed. Highly recommend staying on floor 30 or above. There are three different sets of elevators in the hotel. The 6 elevators for floors 30 and above were never very crowded.One thing I learned about this hotel is it is a one pipe heating/cooling system. This means the whole hotel either has hot or cold air (not both). In our case the weather was a little warm, but the hotel was still on hot air (all air would come out hot). I did get a large fan for the room on the third night that helped cool it down. Walking distance to Time Square, Rockefeller Center, Central Park, subway right on the corner outside the hotel (E line). We took the subway to goto World Trade Center, also took the subway back from Battery Park.	
Apr 7 2009 	Stay at This Hotel!	booked for Sat 4/4 to Sun 4/5 on priceline. Got the room for $110. Was only guaranteed a king size bed but called Sheraton directly three weeks before our trip and requested two doubles. Was surprised to get them. We asked for a high floor and got 42nd. Elevators were fast and available. Everyone was accomodating and pleasant. We did pay $45 for 24 hrs. parking, but would have anywhere. There is also a fee to have them hold your bags after checkout , which is at noon ($3.50 per bag). But you cannot beat the value of the room itself. The room was very clean except for some leftover smudges on the window and a mirror. Big flat screen TV. Alarm clock with ipod connection. We easily walked to times Square then to Madison Square Garden. Cab back from MSG was $10 including tip. Even ordered room service which was delicious at 11pm, and got it quickly. Could not have been happier with the whole experience!	
Apr 6 2009 	Avoid Like the Plague (or perhaps catch it...)	This hotel is in no way a 4-star establishment. The service is the abysmal, and the rooms are filthy. We tried to check-in in the late afternoon but were not provided with a room until 9pm at night. We were told that we would have a room in the renovated part of the tower, both on the phone and by the first reception desk person we tried to check in with, but when we finally were able to check in at 9pm, the front desk person said he &quot;had no record of that&quot; -- when we gave him the name of the person who had promised us the renovated room, he then tried to claim that the &quot;renovated rooms aren't really different.&quot; Just the tip of the iceberg of front desk shadiness. We were told that we would be receiving a $50 credit for that inconvenience (which was not even enough to cover breakfast for 2 in their restaurant) -- we used this &quot;credit&quot; to get a few things from the on-site cafe. When we checked out of the hotel, the woman first didn't want to give us a receipt. Then, when I insisted, I saw that the hotel had put the charge from the cafe on our credit card! When we told her of the credit, the front desk expertise in lying/shadiness continued and she said she had &quot;no record of it&quot; and told her we needed to give her the name of the person who had promised it (which, by now, we were smart enough to have based on the earlier experience), which led to more wasted time of arguing, until she finally removed the charge. Now on to the room itself ... we only ended up staying there a few hours that night (enough to be rested enough to drive home) because it was so absolutely disgusting. Perhaps if we had been able to check-in before 9, we could have just left and found another hotel, but it was so late on a Sat. night that most everywhere seemed to be at capacity by the time we realized what we had gotten into. I witnessed the largest dust balls I think I have ever seen. There were crumbs on the desk and on a chair. The wallpaper was peeling; the carpet was ripped/stained in places. The toilet has a HUGE brown stain in it -- ewww! The small amount of time we did try to sleep there, we were both coughing and sneezing because of the extreme amount of dust. After we checked in, we requested they re-clean the room, which of course they never did. The clientele was another detracting part -- ranged from crude teenagers (one of whom made an inappropriate comment to me) to obnoxious/loud/class-less people who obviously don't know how to behave. We go to NYC alot, and there are plenty of good places to stay -- do NOT stay here!!	
Apr 2 2009 	Skip the Sheraton New York Hotel and Towers	Three things annoyed me about this hotel ... 1) the walls and doors were transparent to sound, and at night there was lots and lots of noise (and I mean all night ... they might as well have been in the room with us), 2) they charged me $30 to check our bags for 1 hour, even though we hadn’t reached the hour that we had to check out, and 3) the room cleaning staff progressively removed our glasses until we had to call room service on the last night to ask them for some. Too bad, as the location, room size were right. The price was OK for the suite that we booked, but I think for the $, I would definitely look elsewhere (this is coming from a Starwood member).Cheers!	
Apr 1 2009 	Nice Hotel with Convenient Location	We were a bit worried from reading previous reviews, but for us everything went well!Check-in was quick and the women who checked us in was nice. Our room had 2 double beds and was located on the 18th floor. The beds were comfortable and the pillows were very soft, the pillows were actually too soft and the bathroom was small but clean. For New York City the room was a good size. The room was clean and we were given fresh towels each day. The Conceirge, John, was very helpful. The hotell is conveniently located near everything. Across the street from the hotel is NYC which has coupons and discounts for the area attractions, make sure you stop by here first! Ellen's Stardust Diner is just down the street and is a must for anyone visiting the city, the staff sings the whole time you are there and are very entertaining, we really enjoyed our breakfast and would definitely go back the next time we are in town. The only downfall of the hotel is the parking garage, which is not really owned by the hotel. It is expensive and we had to wait 50 minutes for our car, it was check out time on a Sunday morning and there were a lot of unhappy people wating the same amount of time for their car. The parking garage charges $42.00 per 24 hours so you need to keep track of the time you check in. We arrived at 11:45 am and check out around 12:25 and had to pay another $10 for the convenience of waiting another 50 minutes for our car. All in all we enjoyed our stay and would come back to this hotel in the future. Some of the shops we went to included Build-A-Bear, Nintendo World, the NBC store, and M&amp;M World. Some of the attractions we went to included the American Museum of Natural History where the movie Night at the Museum was filmed, the Statue of Liberty - make sure you order your ferry tickets online to get the monument pass which allows you entry into the base of the statue, Rockefeller Center and Times Square and all the shops in between. We went to Serendipity 3 for ice-cream one night which we enjoyed, it is pricey but worth the experience. Restaurant Mars 2112 is fun for kids but for my husband and myself could of done without but again my 11 year old daughter enjoyed it. Just remember you are in New York City which is fast paced, pricey and crowded.	
Mar 31 2009 	The Sheraton Management Cares	During my recent stay at the Sheraton we received a phone call from the hotel staff specifically asking for feedback about the cleanliness of our room and the hotel in general. They also wanted to know any suggestions we had for improvement (I requested that they include printed material in the room with information about the gym and internet).There are so many positive things about this hotel (nice beds, good elevators, friendly staff, and of course location) that it makes me sad to read such negative reviews.	
Mar 30 2009 	No problem at all. Brilliant location.	Really don't know why people are getting so worked up about this place. It's great value (book through Hotwire) the rooms are good, the staff are friendly and it's literally on Time Square. Great if you're going to New York to go out at night and stagger home.	
Mar 30 2009 	Had a great stay	My wife and I first stayed here at Christmas in 2004 and we returned to celebrate her birthday.I was a little hesitant about booking a return stay having read some of the recent reviews, but I can only think the people with bad reviews were unlucky because we had a great time.At the time of booking (via the Sheraton website) I had requested a room on the 35th floor as that was where we had stayed on our previous visit and had liked it. On arrival check in was courteous and prompt, but my request hadn't got through as we were allocated a room on the third floor. We went upto the room and there was nohing wrong with it bar the fact that it was fairly noisy from the street ambience. I asked if there was any chance of transferring to a room on the 35th floor and this was done without hesitation and an apology for my original request not having come through.Our oom on the 35th floor was of a good size with a VERY comfortable double bed. The room was spotlessly clean and a new addition since our previous visit was a large flatscreen TV with Hi Def programmes. We did notice that there was no mini bar but having read other reviews it seems that they have all been removed. No matter.As other reviewers have said the room was warm, but it was simple to turn the heating down so I'm not sure what the big problem is with that.On our arrival in the room the safe was still locked from the previous occupant. I called reception and within five minutes a very friendly (and apologetic) maintenance guy rectified the problem.There were plentiful tea/coffee making facilities and the bathroom was also spotlessly clean. Each room has an iron and board and a hairdryer. I was pleasently surprised that our room had an ipod dock/clock radio that saved the need for me to mess about with converters etc to charge my iPhone.Once again we couldn't find fault with this hotel. It is brilliantly situated, the room was comfortable and the staff that we encountered without fail friendly. We will definitely return and I have no hesitation in recommending it.	
Mar 29 2009 	Great Hotel! Beautiful Accomodations! Stay again in a Heartbeat.	I reserved this hotel through priceline. I placed a bid of $111 and it was accepted on the first try! Once I realized what hotel I got, I began to get a little worried after reading all the negative reviews. I cannot voice too many accolades for this hotel. It was beautiful.I called the day before I arrived and requested a &quot;renovated room on a high floor.&quot; They told me that my request was noted. Check-in took a total of 2 minutes (no exaggeration). The room was small which is to be expected given the location. We were on the 15th floor. Our room was the first one in the hallway so it was close to the elevator but noise was not an issue. The bed was VERY comfortable. The shower is technically a tub/shower combo but it is really just an oversize stand up shower. My girlfriend is 5&quot;4&quot; and could not take a bath comfortably. We had a 36&quot; LCD television which was nice to wind down to at the end of the day.Checkout took a minute (again, no exaggeration.) I asked for a receipt and they told me that I would have to get it from priceline because I got the hotel from them and that Sheraton didn't know how much I paid. I was very happy to hear this.Overall, I was very pleased with both priceline and the hotel. I will certainly be using priceline again to book a hotel. I will be crossing my fingers that it is this one.	
Mar 29 2009 	Very good hotel room for the price	Stayed here for two night on business trip. Bought hotel on Priceline for about $110. When I landed this property, I was sorry given bad experiences reported. However, I had a renovated room: good decor, beautiful linens, very clean, size ok, quiet, and reasonable amenities. Happy to return anytime. Traveler from Boston	
Mar 28 2009 	Sheraton New York is a good value for its location	Anyone reading the reviews for this hotel would have a right to be confused! Some people find it very pleasant, others were hugely disappointed and seem almost angry about their stay. Surely the hotel is the same for all, so perhaps the reviews say more about the reviewers? I have stayed at the Sheraton New York three times over the past few years, always when I could get a good deal (under $250 a night, sometimes as low as $179 plus taxes). I get these rates through the hotel website, not Priceline or Hotwire. I recommend that visitors to New York do the same--comparison shop through the websites and book directly. There are usually discounts for pre-paying.I agree with others who complain that the Sheraton is not a true luxury hotel. But you do not need to pay a luxury price here. Posh hotels in NYC can easily cost $600 a night. The more upscale Westin and W hotels are always at least $50 a night more than the Sheraton. People need to be savvy when booking and realistic in their expectations. If a carpet is slightly worn, that does not make the hotel &quot;dirty.&quot; If you have to wait ten minutes to check in, that is not a tragedy at a huge New York hotel. Even if you are a Starwood Preferred Member. In my opinion, here are some of the positives about the Sheraton New York: the elevators are fast and readily available. Security guards monitor who goes up in the elevators, all night long. The beds are comfortable, with multiple pillows and crisp linens. Each room has a desk with internet access (not free in the room, alas, but that is typical in NY). You have a coffee maker and Starbucks coffee to brew. The window treatments are very functional, with a perforated shade you can lower during the day that allows some light to come in, and blackout curtains for night. The rooms are surprisingly quiet given the hotel location. The gym is very nice, one of the largest I've seen in a hotel. The lobby bar is attractive and becomes a Starbucks in the morning. The lobby itself is huge and a great place for people watching.I've never had any service issues here. I've been greeted by the doormen and helped with my luggage, and helped to get a taxi if needed. If you need special help, for example for an elderly traveller, ask for it!True, there is no minibar, but I never liked them anyway. There are dozens of nearby shops where you can pick up some drinks and snacks.The negatives: Parking is pricey (as it would be at any hotel in NY). It can also be a hassle waiting for your car at the end of a stay. This is a big hotel, and at times you will encounter other people wanting to do the same thing as you. So lines can form, at check in or at luggage retreival, etc. I try to be realistic about this and not get annoyed.	
Mar 25 2009	Bad decor and poor staff attitude	My recently widowed mother and I booked a long weekend to visit relatives. We chose the Sheraton based on reputation and also for the location. It was one of the hotels on offer from our travel agent (Trailfinders). When we pulled up at the door, the concierge staff showed no interest in coming to help us with suitcases or even to open the door. It was pouring with rain, and we struggled up the main entrance staircase - at least we saved on giving a tip!The main lobby area was in a good state of repair, but as we walked along the corridoor to our allocated room, the carpet was worn and frayed (and verging on dangerous in places) and the walls were in need of re-decorating. It seemed grubby and tired looking. We had paid for a &quot;deluxe&quot; room and the room we booked into was small (which we anticipated) but the furniture was damaged (by water and general wear) there was a large hole where the mini-bar should have been and the room looked like it needed re-decorating. We went back to reception and asked if we had indeed been given the Deluxe room , which we had, and then asked if we could upgrade to a suite. The receptionist was extremely disinterested (almost bordering on rude) and stated that all rooms were the same and no suites were available. We were told that all mini-bars had been removed from all rooms. but no explanation was given about the reasons for that decision.This wasn't a cheap option and it appears that the staff had no interest in being of any help. Even when we checked out at the end of our stay, no- one helped us with our luggage (my mother is in her 60's). I really wished we had booked at a smaller boutique hotel, but thought the Sheraton reputation would give us a reasonable standard. I would never stay here again. We wrote and complained to Trailfinders (our travel agent) and apparently no-one else has complained about this hotel.	
Mar 24 2009 	Great location friendly staff great midtown choice!	It's hard to find a better location in midtown. There is a subway stop under the hotel (walk around corner from front entrance to access). Times Square and Rockefeller Center are visible from the property and are just a few blocks away on foot. The beds are comfortable (as a Sheraton, the hotel benefits from the Sweet Sleeper bed and the nice bathroom amenities). The staff is great! I didn't talk to the concierge but I found the Bell Captains acted as concierges themselves. Although I handled my own luggage, they were quick to offer restaurant suggestions and directions.The hotel will provide a small refrigerator for $25 (one-time charge for the duration of your stay), and I took advantage of it and ate breakfast in my room. The only aspect of the hotel that screams &quot;DATED!&quot; is the window unit climate system. There were a couple of warm days during my mid-March stay, but they hadn't turned on the air conditioning for the season (apparently, it must be turned on in a central location before any room can use it). So, my options were &quot;heat&quot; or &quot;nothing.&quot; I asked that the hotel provide a fan, which they quickly did provide, and I opened my windows. The open windows and the fan made the room very comfortable and I was able to keep it comfortable by opening and closing the windows. Not ideal, but a minor inconvenience. My colleagues staying down the block at the Hilton New York and Towers had an identical experience: no A/C service, but their hotel provided a fan and they were able to open windows.This was my second week-long stay at this hotel and I look forward to repeating it next year!	
Mar 24 2009 	Excellent in all ways	We stayed at the Sheraton from March 15-20. My wife and I were traveling with our granddaughter, 16, who loves theater (as do we). We promised her we would take her to NYC a number of years ago and we were fulfilling that promise. I booked online through &quot;Hotwire&quot; so did not know what hotel I would be getting until I had committed myself. However, I did know the hotel would be in downtown Manhatten in the theater district. My wife and I had been to NYC a few years ago and had stayed at the Novotel which is a few blocks away from the Sheraton.When I received the news from &quot;Hotwire&quot; as to the name of the hotel I immediately looked up the reviews on Tripadvisor and was scared out of my mind by all of the negative comments. So it was with lots of apprehension that we entered the lobby to register on Sunday. Here is what we found: only a short wait to register and we were assigned room 1030 on the 10th floor. The lift was fast and we were swiftly at our room. The room was like the picture and had two full size beds. Everything was clean to our satisfaction. The coffee maker was such that it made individual cups which we liked. Our window was one we could open and we did so the first night but it was a bit noisy so we closed it and put a towel over the register because the room was a bit too warm. This was the only criticism that I had read that was justified: the temperature of the room was not controlable. However, the towel helped and we slept very comfortably.I believe we had a 42&quot; LCD TV. Especially nice was an extra mirror in the bathroom that my wife and granddaughter appreciated for doing their faces. In summary, the room was great and the location even greater.Sunday night we met a relative to eat with at Patsy's Pizzeria on about 84th west of Central Park. We walked since we all wanted some excercise. The salad I had was excellent and we heard it was one of the best Italian Pizzerias around. Monday we took the subway to the Staten Island Ferry to see the Statue of Liberty. When we came back we stood in line at TKTS and found someone who had a coupon to see Altar Boyz which we went to that night. It was excellent; 90 minutes of energy. Tuesday we went to the St. Pats parade for awhile. What I didn't realize is the local flavor of the paraders. Tons of pipe bands and it seemed like a mile of NYFire Department personnel (who was manning the stations?) That night we went to Chicago using a coupon we got from a girl walking near TKTS. It was great and we had great seats. Wednesday we went to a matinee off Broadway of &quot;The Fantastiks.&quot; It was great also. Thursday night we went to &quot;The Little Mermaid.&quot; It was also wonderful.All the shows we went to were tremendously entertaining and difficult to compare with each other. Chicago and Mermaid were in larger venues and each had their own character. Altar Boyz and The Fantastiks were off broadway and we liked them both.We also took advantage of the Times Square webcam (camera 4) to wave at friends and family back home. It was a kick. Enough said. We had a wonderful time and will definitely go back to the Big Apple.	
Mar 21 2009 	Inferior by Sheraton standards especially for Starwood members	Checked in, expecting to get automatic room upgrade as a Starwood Preferred Gold member, only to be told all rooms in the hotel are identical, even on the so-called Club Level. So the only perk you get as a Starwood member is separate line at check-in. Whoop-de-doo. Then when I got to the room, I was really ticked. No mini-bar. No safe. No wireless internet. Rock-hard mattress. Controls on the the ancient wall-mounted heater/cooler didn't work, only spewed hot air. Only one free outlet socket in the entire room, at the desk. Don't waste your Starwood points on this place. The only upside was the extremely impressive fitness center, one of the best American, non-resort, on-premises fiteness centers I've seen, and reasonably priced at $20 for entire stay (or $10 per day.). If you want to print your boarding pass in the business center, it will cost you $8.75, the price for half an hour of access. Overall, a very disappointing Sheraton property, in terms of the room.	
Mar 17 2009 	Well located and a good value	I thought the staff and service were excellent. The hotel is located conveniently to many attractions.	
Mar 16 2009 	Pleasantly surprised!	We stayed at the Sheraton on March 14 for my husband's birthday. After reading the mixed reviews, I was a bit nervous. However, I was pleasantly surprised. Check in was fast and friendly. Our room on the 46th floor was very nice. It was on the small side - but clean and neat. Also, at check-in, I casually mentioned that it was my husband's birthday - And they sent up 2 pieces of cake for us! Location was great ... we saw Shrek the Musical, did some shopping, and went to the Top of the Rock. Only complaint, $42 for parking!	
Mar 10 2009 	If you have to pay for your room do yourself a favor and look elsewhere!	My husband and I stayed here using our points. Other than the great location and proximity to the tourist sites , not much else can be said about the hotel. The room was extremely cramped and old. The carpet had stains, and our sheets had stains. I dealt with 3 people at the front desk from the time of check in to when we checked out and 2 out of the 3 were rude and could care less. We left the &quot;DO NOT DISTURB&quot; sign on our door the first day when we left for sightseeing, but when we came back the maid apparently came in and cleaned the room. Despite the sign, she came in anyway, and we did not put things away (important documents with personal info on it etc.) because we were not anticipating that anyone would be in our room without our consent. In addition, the room got REALLY hot at night. We were lucky the first 2 nights because it was so cold outside so the room was comfortable. However, when it got into the 60s the last two nights, the room warmed up, and there is no thermostat in the room for you to turn the air down. The room became very stale and warm and sleeping was difficult. Also, be sure to check your hotel bill. There was a rather large charge on our statement from the Cafe in the Lobby. Neither I nor my husband had bought anything from there, and when I phoned the front desk to inform them about the mistake, the lady was rude and basically said someone from our room had to have charged it or else how could it be on the bill? So instead of perhaps admitting that a mistake had occurred, she basically accused us of lying. After yelling back at her, she agreed to take the charge off and I asked for the manager who was nice, but I wasn't getting the feeling that &quot;the customer is always right&quot; with them. Bottom line is if you don't have to pay for your room, definitely stay here because the location is so great! However, if you do have to pay for your room, do yourself a favor and look elsewhere.	
Mar 2 2009 	Stuck in the elevator for 30 minutes...	Overall I have to give this hotel a poor rating, and its not just because we spent 30 minutes in an elevator.1. When we arrived the staff was friendly, we checked into our room - it was okay, very tired - especially the bathroom.2. About ten minutes after we arrived we tried to leave for our lunch reservation at Craft Bar (Which ended up being AMAZING) - We got onto the elevator on the 23rd floor, when we got to the lobby the doors wouldn't open. I am terribly claustrophobic, so I immediately panicked. The elevator service repairman doesnt work on the weekends, so we had to wait over 30 minutes for him to arrive. Luckily my husband is a composed person and was able to keep me calm. Now I know this is not a regular occurance, but you would think a 50 floor building with about 10 elevators would be able to react a bit more quickly.We had purchased the hotel on hotwire.com and had paid for it already so they couldn't comp our room - but they &quot;upgraded&quot; (it was the same room on a higher floor) our room and they gave us $100 to spond in the hotel. This wasnt ideal seeing that we were not planning on spending time/money inside the hotelThe room they upgraded us to was tired as well - the bathroom smelled like mildew and the comforter had a unidentifiable stain on it (YUCK!!) - The staff was friendly and definitely understanding of our frustration with the elevator - despite that I wouldn't go there again because of the dirtiness really	
Feb 23 2009 	Not that Bad	Yes the rooms are small and the bathrooms are dated but they were clean. I judge how nice a hotel is on how clean the bathrooms are so I was happy enough with our en suite, but the bathrooms off the lobby were very old, quite cheap and not that clean. Some parts of the lobby were under construction but the only off putting aspect of that was the strong paint smell. The corridors were grubby and room service trays seemed to left out all day. Our room was well cleaned every day as was our bathroom. All the staff that we dealt with were friendly and helpful but some looked bored and uninterested.Over all I enjoyed our stay and would definately stay there again.	
Feb 22 2009 	Good price and location dreadful service.	Stayed at Sheraton Towers Times Square for 2 nights. It was Valentine's Weekend and fashion week, so it was difficult to find rooms in NY for a reasonable price. While I am accustomed to staying at higher rated hotels, I assumed that the brand name of Sheraton would provide a decent room at a decent price, which it did. The room was pretty clean (though I agree with the comment posted earlier about tired carpet.) There is a flat screen tv, but no dvd player or vcr. I never turned the tv on and spent very little time in my room.However, the service at the hotel was dreadful. The front desk check-in process was rushed, as if they couldn't wait to shuffle me out and get through the line of a few people checked in. The following morning, I asked the the customer service line for a comb to be sent to my room (the hotel does provide several conveniences, such as toothpaste, razor and so forth if you need it). After three calls over the course of 45 minutes, I gave up on the comb and made due. I stopped at the front desk on my way out the door and let them know the problem with the comb and asked if they would have it delivered while I was gone. It did arrive some time during the day.One night of our stay, we stopped in the restaurant to have a late night (10:15 pm) dessert. (We were well dressed and polite.) I asked if they were still serving and they said yes and seated us at a dirty table. I asked them to wipe it, which they did. We looked for a waitress and she kept avoiding our table. I finally went up the the host and asked politely if he would send a waitress over. She finally came to our table at 10:40 pm and said she would be glad to help us, if we wanted a cocktail, but wouldn't serve us food because the kitchen closed at 10:30. Clearly, she had pulled a stunt. They were obviously tired and wanted to go home without having to serve another customer. We left and reported this to the front desk, who nodded and made a gesture that told me she had heard this one before. She didn't really want to do anything for me, but when I made no move from the desk, she offered us a fifty dollar credit toward any restaurant in the hotel. I accepted this even though I had no desire to have a meal in the hotel. We decided on breakfast on our last day. No wonder she offered us fifty dollars! The breakfast was 34.95 per person for buffet! Period! NO choice... no cold menu, no a la carte, nothing. Normally, in NY, we just grab a quick bite at Dean and Delucca or Au Bon Pain for breakfast, but to use our credit, we had the breakfast there. It was actually fresh and delicious, although we ate light and moved on.I used the concierge service as well. The first gentleman was rude and couldn't wait to get us to move on so he could keep the line short. The next female concierge was very friendly and tried to be helpful, but she kept giving us the wrong directions. I know NY well, and kept saying, &quot;Would you show me on a map?&quot; When we would get the map out, she would show me the wrong way and then I would say, &quot;Isn't it this way?&quot; and she would look at it and say, &quot;Oh, yes, you are right, I am sorry&quot;. At least she was polite and tried to be helpful. I asked her for a suggestion for a restaurant for dinner and told her we wanted something hip and trendy. She really could only come up with an ordinary Italian Restaurant (something like Patsy's, which my New York friends said was fine, but nothing great), so we went to Budokan instead. (I had been to the one in Philadelphia and new that it would be fabulous.) Great! This is where the rehearsal dinner scene in Sex and the City Movie was filmed. Food was incredible, service -- the best, but that is another review.Back at the hotel one morning, there was a huge group of teenagers in jeans and t-shirts (50 or so of them) with adults all sitting on the floor in the middle of the lobby with all their luggage strewn about, while they waited to check out. I have no idea why the hotel didn't escort them all to a less obtrusive (perhaps more comfortable) place to wait or at least move them off to the side. It looked like a sit-in or something. Ridiculous!On our last day, the hotel was less busy and checkout was smooth. I was also able to get a late checkout for 1:30, which was a very nice accommodation.I probably wouldn't stay there again if I had a choice. My trip was last minute and I wanted a good price, which I did get.	
Feb 19 2009 	Great location tired-looking rooms and hallways	The Good: Sheraton Towers is in a great location (53rd and 7th) above Times Square. Check-in as a Starwood Preferred guest was quick and efficient. Toiletries are nice (mandarin mint). Large flat-screen TV's and free WiFi in lobbyThe Mediocre: It could use a spruce-up. The carpet in the hallways and rooms are frayed; there was a layer of dust on the radio, trays with food stayed in the hallway. Recommendation: If you can get a great deal or use points, this is a good choice for the location alone. Otherwise, find something spiffier.	
Feb 16 2009 	Impressed with the excellent service	Last week I had a occasion to visit the red apple at the last minute unplanned and on the fly. I arrived at JFK and was rushed away to Manhattan by a rather rude cab driver. I figured this was preparing me for the city. I arrived at the Sheraton and he was trying to squeeze me for more money when the bellmen surprisingly went to my defense. This has never happened… I typically stay at five star hotels and even they haven’t offered this type of personal service. There was a seamless and painless check in with smiles and courtesy. As I went to the elevator I noticed that they were just putting the finishing touches on a great looking remodel of the lobby and bar areas, It looked fresh and inviting. This is not typical for these times, with all the cuts and losses everybody is experiencing. I went to the room and it was clean fresh and beyond my expectations. I ordered room service and the food was hot and arrived very quickly. I found that there room service menu was quite extensive.I felt the staff was very friendly and had a can do attitude, unlike some other hotel I have stayed in, in this city.If for nothing else I will stay there because of there gym, it was clean and huge with natural light and new equipment.All and all I had a great time and the Sheraton New York had a great deal to do with this.	
Feb 15 2009 	2-star Experience - terrible!	What a BAD experience in a 4-star hotel. They have to be stripped of at least 1 star. I always stay at 4- or 5-star hotel, since 4-star hotel can feel like 5-stars or 3-stars. This was supposed to be a romantic Valentine getaway. I was coming by car. There was nobody at the front or sides door to help me with my car or luggage. I called the hotel and they said that parking is full and that I have go and find parking myself - outrageous for 4-stars - no mallet parking. I finally connected with front desk and demanded someone next to my car until I register, thinking it will take 5 minutes. There was no concierge, no manager, only 2 receptionists, many people in line and terribly slow assistance. Took me 25 minutes to check in. Now - the room.. What kind of 4-star hotel room has: NO robes, NO water, NO fridge or mini-bar, NO menu. The room was freezing and I couldn't find the control - had to call front desk, it was hidden. Did I mention, waiting for 20 minutes for 1 pitcher of $30 juice? Room and bath was very outdated, especially bathroom - very 80s. Next morning - NO final bill in a room. Went downstairs to check out - was outraged with over 30 people standing to check-in. No way I would be standing that line! I called in front desk (phone) and after 5 attempts and 20 minutes nobody picking up/dropping off phone - I got through and checked out over the phone. TERRIBLE 4-star experience. Holiday-inn is 10 times better. You should expect a lot when staying at 4-stars - strip off 1 star and you can pass with all those issues.	
Feb 15 2009	1 hour+ wait for car after check out!	Our room was on the 43rd floor which was nice except for the room temperature that I assume the maid left on... It was like walking into a sauna when we first stepped foot into the room. Good luck with getting your car back after a weekend holiday check out. This hotel should have been better prepared in the parking garage in anticipation for a crowd. I only saw 2 attendants moving cars on Valentines day Weekend. I long with many others waited in the garage approx. an hour on 2/15/09 to get my car brought up. I could have been home in that time! God forbid someone had a flight to catch in 2-3 hours! I would expect better and faster service from a NYC hotel, unless of course they laid people off at this hotel to aid in NYC budget crisis.	
Feb 12 2009 	Gross!	I planned on staying here for three nights. However when I first entered the room my plan changed. The room was so small. Two double beds, no room for my luggage, small bathroom with no fan. Stained rug, head board, bed spreads. Stinky smell and no A/C!!I used the gym before going out for the night, huge, lots of equipment and helpful staff. The change rooms were filthy, used towels everywhere, dirty foot prints everywhere. Hair in the showers, sauna and steam room. Needed to be cleaned. I left the hotel for a night out on the town and eventually returned the next morning to check out and check into the W Times Square. When checking out of the Sheraton NY Hotel and Towers I told the clerk about the room. And moved on and quickly forgot about this horrible experience. I am a gold SPG member and expected more from the Sheraton. I received luxury and cleanliness from the W 4 blocks away.	
Feb 10 2009 	It really isn't the staff's fault	The staff tried hard, but they don't have a lot to work with -- the corporation is too busy trying to cut corners and this was especially evident during XMAS -- in the first room we were given, there was some sort of motor noise above us and the tv did not work. In the second room, the second night, the blinds would not close, and we were told that it would take a week to find a new set. For the third night, the hammering was only during the day. Although we were not feeling well and wanted to rest during the day, we did not change rooms again because we were told the hotel was overbooked anyway. As well, the wait to check in was 45 minutes or more for some, the lounge was so crowded one had often to wait for a seat. The elevators were so full in the morning, that people often could not get on. All in all, things had a faded look to them -- some of the elevator doors took forever to close for example. And as an example of how cheap the hotel is to its guests, it rented out its bellman baggage service to a company that charges $3.25 for each bag left by a departing guest per day!	
Feb 3 2009 	all good	Ok, I have to admit that I stayed here using my Starwood points, but I think this is a great hotel. Good location, friendly staff.The only thing is that they carge you to leave your bags on your departure day, not used to that from Sheraton.That was the only thing.	
Feb 1 2009 	What a treat!	My husband and I stayed at the Sheraton on Saturday Jan. 31st. We were in town to enjoy the excitement of the city and to visit with our recent college grad daughter whose first job is in the Big Apple. We arrived in the city early on Saturday in order to make the most of our weekend. Couldn't believe it! We were able to check into our gorgeous Sheraton Suite at 9:00 a.m.! Our suite was on the 34th floor. The view was spectacular. From one window we could see boats on the Hudson River and from another window we could see the all the activity of downtown. The generous living room of our suite featured a beautiful and comfortable blue velvet sofa, 2 arm chairs, nice chrome lamps, a coffee table, a desk and a flat screen t.v . The coffee table was great for spreading out maps and guidebooks. Did I mention that there was a powder room off the side of the front entry? Our bedroom featured a comfy king bed, another t.v., a generous clothes closet and a huge and terrific over-sized full length mirror that was great for giving yourself that last minute once-over before you head for a night on the town. The Sheraton at 811 7th Avenue is in the perfect location for every where you want to go. My husband and I took a 3 minute walk to the subway to get to Greenwich Village. Later, we hiked down toward Macy's at Herald Square. For dinner we walked in a whole new direction to find a great Italian restaurant in Hell's Kitchen. In the morning it was a snap to get to our daughter's apartment in Queens for Sunday Brunch. Choosing to stay at this outstanding Sheraton was super smart . We'll definitely stay here again.	
Jan 26 2009 	A Sherton or is it a Holiday Inn?	When I first arrived at this hotel I was immediately impressed. The lobby is maintained beautifully and the staff down there were friendly. Furthermore, the location is absolutely ideal. These are the only aspects of the hotel that I consider noteworthy.The room I stayed in with one other person was rather spartan. I could venture a guess that the bedding was expensive, but it didn't make up for the room not being notably nicer than a Holiday Inn. Furthermore, there were just as few towels as I've encountered at a Motel 6 and it was just as difficult to acquire more. There was also a lot of noise from people even just walking past the room in the hallway.At one point I found a cockroach in the bathtub which really turned me off. If they can keep the cockroaches at bay in a Super 8 Motel in Tucumcari, NM (an entire city seemingly inundated with cockroaches) I have certain expectations for a luxury hotel in New York City.Essentially, the Sheraton, NY is a competent hotel with friendly staff. If someone else were paying for it (as the case was with my stay), I'd stay there again. However, I wouldn't spend my own money on a room here. I just don't feel that you get enough value from the hotel itself for what they charge.	
Jan 21 2009 	Great Location Average Room (Over-Priced) Under-staffed	My wife and two older daughters( mid 20's) stayed at the Sheraton for 4 nights between Christmas and New Years Eve. The Sheraton location was excellent within walking distance of almost everything that we wanted to do. The crowds were huge but we expected crowds because of the holidays and above normal temperatures.We had very good flights from Dallas to NY and Laquardia Airport was busy but easy to move around with no luggage problems. Super Shuttle was a great way to get from the airport to the Hotel (45 min ride).We checked in on Dec 26 about 6 PM, the lines were long but moved fairly quickly with no problems. Only 3 people worked the check-in lines; the lines could have moved much faster with more staff. We did see huge lines and very upset people at the check-in counter several times as we went through the lobby during our stay. The lobby was packed with people and luggage which was expected. The staff was courteous and answered all of our questions we had during check-in.We asked about an upgrade on the room but none was avaliable because the Hotel was sold out. When we opened the door to our room (30th floor) the first thing that we saw was a partially made bed and one with the covers off and on the floor. I had read this problem in other earlier reviews and had hoped that this was isolated but evidently it is very common. I talked with other guests and many had the same problem. Hotel is under-staffed and this should not be a problem with the amount of money that we paid for this room.The handicapped room (which we did not ask for) was clean but had a musty odor and was in need of an upgrade. The bathroom was large, television great, and comfortable beds. However, the room temperature stayed hot because the thermostat did not work. Room was definitely not worth the price that we paid. The hotel staff was friendly, the concierge and bell captains were great and handled all our requests and questions.The restaurant was convenient but very expensive. We had only one meal there and it was nothing exceptional. The Starbucks in the Hotel was small with only limited options therefore we went to one of the two other Starbuck nearby locations.The Sheraton has a great and convenient location:10-20 minutes from Rockfeller Center, Radio City, NBC show, Saks Fifth Ave, Central Park, FAO Scwhartz toy store)Walking distance to almost all the shows (Wicked, Lion King, Phantom of the Opera, Mamma Mia, David Lettermen)Subway stops were very close and easy to use (Metro Card sold at each stop if needed) Just pay close attention to which line you get on (uptown, downtown, etc...) Carnegie Deli is just down the street and was busy but we got in and out quickly. The sandwiches are huge (fair prices) which we shared.Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island are a must see for everyone. Plan on 3-5 hours total based on crowds. Long security lines with airport type screening at several locations. World Trade Center Site is very moving and worth seeing. Empire State building lines were very, very long therefore we decided to see NYC skyline from the Top of the Rock at Rockfeller Center. Great view and marvelous spot for photos/videos. You can reserve time slots on line for the Top of the Rock -- no lines and no restrictions on how long you can stay on the observation deck.If possible reserve show tickets and tours in advance. Print out your e-tickets and take with you. This saved us long waits in ticket lines and made the trip much easier with less worries about arrving at the shows/tours late with long lines.We had a great time in New York City and we plan on returning. We will probably stay some where else because of the prices and continuing problems that we have read and seen first hand at the Sheraton Towers location.Fabulous location, several minor problems --- but for the high prices and Sheraton name we expected much more !!!	
Jan 20 2009 	Fine for the prupose	My partner and I booked this hotel through Expedia and stayed there over Xmas 2008 for 7 nights. We were reluctant to book after we read most of the reviews but thought, what the hell, its a Sheraton. Overall, the service was average, not the usual over the top level that you receive when you stay with a Sheraton, but we kept in mind that it was probably there busiest time of year. Room was fine, amazing bed and had all that was necessary.We had a problem with a leaking tap but it was sorted within 30 mins. The walls are very thin, you could hear everyone in the hallway which was probably the worst thing about the room. One piece of advice is about there luggage storage. We had to line up for 25 mins to drop off one suitcase on the morning that we were leaving and then we had to wait 90 mins to pick it up !!! Lucky we had left enough time to get to the airport, but there were alot of people in line who had to just push to the front of the line as they were going to miss their plane. Location is AMAZING. You couldn't really ask for more. Overall, if you go expecting the worse you come out smiling!	
Jan 18 2009	Probably the worst hotel in the world	We could hardly wait to experience Thanksgiving in one of our favourite cities and booked this expensive hotel as a treat. However, our room was possibly the shabbiest, grubbiest, pokiest and dingiest I had ever seen. Naturally we refused to accept this and were given a room on a &quot;Preferred Customer&quot; floor which was somewhat better. However, the carpet was so dirty that bare feet were out of the question. The electric sockets were frighteningly loose in the wall, the hairdryer failed to function, was replaced by another which also failed to function. You are expected to pay for a basic - a fridge.The room smelt slightly of vomit. Room service arrived promptly but the corridor outside remained lined with dirty trays and crockery, including half-eaten bowls of cereal with milk, for 3 days. The hoovers stroke the carpets rather than cleaning them and seem to be held together with gaffer tape. The front of house staff were constant in their apathy towards guests and, to top it all, our letter of complaint, posted on 13 Dec 08, has so far been completely ignored. Our trip of a life time was all but ruined. Please do not stay here!	
Jan 14 2009 	pre xmas new york sheraton tower	Thought we would treat our selves to a nice luxary hotel this yr. Well this one was not it, VERY DISSAPOINTED. The only good thing about staying here, was the location. There was no room temperature gauge, so it was constantly changing frm extremly hot to cold, gusting draft fom under the front door.All fixtures were wonkey, eletrical plugs were a bit suspect (not sure if safe). Did not clean room on first day, no hoovering throughout the whole week there.Saw the deal that they had stay one night, nxt night free..... Well it did not work out like that and their room rates vary frm wk to wk. And prices do not have taxes included so beware read the small print. For the price you pay ......go elsewhere.	
Jan 11 2009	Ok for 2 not for 3	We booked 2 rooms, one for my wife and myself, and another for our 3 teenage children. The booking form clearly stated 2 rooms; one for us , and another room for 3 adults , but for our kids, we were given two &quot;double&quot; beds which were barely larger than a single bed.Staff at the hotel stated it was the fault of the booking agent, but they could not respond the booking forms we had, and then stated it was a common problem, so why take the booking?They moved the children to a room with 3 single beds but no space to walk around the room.But we eventually were given an acceptable partial refund All the rooms were rundown, but we found staff very helpful.Great location though very impersonal.Next time we'll try and found somewhere near Soho or Greenwhich Vill	
Jan 9 2009 	Wonderful hotel! Great stay!	I had a great time at the Sheraton! I arrived about 9AM and didn't wait at all. I was upgraded to a club level floor for free without even asking and I got a great deal on Priceline. The room was clean and the bed was super comfortable. The carpet could be replaced but that was my only real complaint. I asked for a refrigerator at check in and it was at my room within 20 minutes. Everyone was very nice and I had a great Christmas vacation!	
Jan 8 2009 	Not a 4 star	The hotel is okay as long as you are not paying full price or at least over $150 in New York. Was able to get a decent price at priceline. Hotel is huge. The television and its digital channels was nice. Noise from the hallways was very annoying though as passersby sound like they are inside your room. No sound proofing. There was only one working elevator for floors 21-28 and no notice or information that the other elevators are not working. With so many guests, you had to wait 15 minutes to get down and even more to go up. This was especially a problem when we tried to go to our room to freshen up prior to a show and there was a long line of people for the lone elevator. The bag storage fee is also annoying since this is the first hotel I've stayed in to charge that. Location is very convenient though, right next to the subway. As long as you're not expecting a 4 star hotel but a 2 star and did not pay too much for your room, the sheraton is an ok hotel.	
Jan 8 2009 	We were satisfied	After reading some of these reviews, I was a bit worried, but everything was fine. Front desk people nice, bell captain very nice, room clean with 2 double beds, bigger than the room at the Parker Meridien that a family member had. Heat not really adjustable, room was a bit warm, but livable. Location is great, only about a block from the MOMA. I second the recommendation for the Olympia (or maybe Olympic) Diner on 8th Ave- was very good family-run place and reasonable. Also Bella Vita Pizza on 43rd between 8th and B'way - quite good esp. the salads and reasonable. Also the Europa Cafe (chain) was good with make your own pasta and make your own salad, gourmet sandwiches and reasonable - there's one on 53rd going towards the MOMA. Stage Deli and Roxy's Deli quite overpriced and you get way too much food. Stage Deli has $10 min. per person.	
Jan 6 2009 	shabby hotel indifferent service	Stayed here b/c this was the official hotel for a conference. Even with the discounted rate and sharing a room with a colleague, I didn't feel we received value for our dollar. Room carpet was old and shabby, furniture was a bit beat-up, bathroom floor dirty in corners and under vanity (and really needed a good mopping), shower curtain's cloth liner had red mold all along the bottom. The shower handle also fell off one morning. Hallways were dark and worn, front desk staff indifferent -- the overall sense here was a poor quality 2-star hotel, and certainly not a 4-star in any meaningful sense. The only positives were the Sheraton &quot;Sweet Sleeper&quot; beds, which were indeed very comfortable, although our sheets had small tears in them on a couple nights. I just don't understand how Sheraton can spend so much money on promotional campaigns and on widescreen TVs in rooms yet not attend to basic cleanliness and maintenance. And I really think there are better options in NYC -- this was my least favorite hotel stay in the city.	
Jan 6 2009 	good location	hotel is in a good location, you must eat at Rosie O'Grady's across the road - the food is lovely, we ate there twice and spent New Year's Eve there. The sheraton upgraded us on arrival which was nice. Rooms are okay could be a bit better but for the time spent in them they were fine. Staff were friendly who we came across. Gym is good and well facilitated. we would stay there again due to location. 5 mins from central park &amp; times square.	
Jan 3 2009 	Fantastic location- good stay	Booked through Priceline ($120/night for 2 nights for 2 rooms); was scared by the previous reviews, so I expected the worst. We had an oversized van and had to park right next door at $70/24 hrs., but had an easy in and out. Maybe a better option than the hotel lot. A short line for check in moved fairly quickly- clerk (Molly) was VERY friendly!! Room was nice, adequate for NYC, bathroom was a bit tight, but clean. Could have used a hotel directory and maybe more NYC info in the rooms. Elevators weren't working well and were overburdened for the busy time of year, but we survived it. Found the rooms to be very quiet- sort of a &quot;white noise&quot; from the heating system that seemed to run constantly, but not annoying. Temp. seemed ok, we didn't even try to adjust it. No wait for me with the concierge desk. Fitness center looked good, but didn't want to pay the $10/day; $20/visit- a little too tired to put in a good workout after all day of walking. Location was fantastic for theaters and Broadway. Would have been moderately disappointed had we paid full price, but were very happy with our stay at a bargain price!	
Jan 3 2009	Horrible stay:the worst in New york!!!!	7 times in new york and this is of course the worst hotel ever been.The best thing???Just the location!!!1hour line for check in and the same for check out.Poor and unfriendly staff.We call 5 times for a request and they provided only 24 hours later to answer to our request.The concierge seemed to be bored behind the desk and on christmas day there was only one concierge with dozens of ours in line waiting to be helped.When my turn arrived he answered to phone and I waited 10 minutes.Then,while i started my answer the phone ring again and 15 minute more been waiting.It seemed to be on candid camera!!!!He answered disinterested to my request and was unhelpful. The heating system is very old and doesn't function properly.It is so noisy!!!!!!!You better sleep with heating system off but the room will be very cold because window doesn’t close completely.The carpet was dirty and dusty.Unbeliveble:a four star hotel without wardrobe and frigo bar.Ok,I don’t care about frigo-bar ,but where I store my dress???I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.I had better stay at Hilton,affinia manhattan and marriot marquis.	
Jan 3 2009 	Better than expected...	Just spent 5 nights over New Year's at Sheraton NY Towers. I am a Sheraton Gold, and got upgraded to the Club level. Was using points, so my outlay each night was literally $0.00. All in all pretty good. Room was fine, Club-level free breakfast as good as I have seen at Sheraton. Location was excellent. Five nights and 48,000 points later, I am pleased with my stay. Granted - the hotel has some issues with little things - wear-and-tear, check-in a little slow, etc....	
Jan 1 2009 	Good experience at the Sheraton New York Hotel 	We stayed at the hotel from Dec. 24 - 27, 2008 and had a good experience -- better than we expected, though not perfect. We picked the hotel for its prime location for a family trip to NYC. We are Sheraton Gold members and I think we benefitted in the level of service we received.In fact, we mistakenly walked into the Sheraton across the street when we first arrived. The Bellman could not have been nicer and walked us over with all of our luggage to the New York Hotel and Towers right across the street. The lobby was nice and very busy. But, check in was quick for us in the express line for Gold members.We were on the top floor (50), as I had requested a higher floor with a quiet location. This was Club Level, but we were not charged extra. The only benefit was the use of the lounge for breakfast, but the lounge was only open one morning during our stay because of the holidays. My husband and our children enjoyed the breakfast, but I stick to coffee which I made in our room.The room was NYC small, but in good shape. The beds and pillows were very comfortable and we could hardly hear any street noise. There was an HDTV in the room. The bathroom was also small, but clean, with white tile and marble. The towels were basic hotel quality.We had a very nice view being so high up. The walls were thin though, and we could hear our neighbors. It also took 3 requests before we received the refrigerator for the room. But, the hotel did not charge us the daily fee.We were hardly in the hotel and room, so I cannot really comment on much else. Housekeeping was friendly and did a nice job. There was some dust on the nightstand, but I think that had to do with the heating vents, which seemed to run non-stop, with no controls in the room. It was hot at night, but I find most NYC apartments and hotels are very warm.Parking at the hotel totalled $120, which isn't bad for NYC. But, it took forever for us to get our car back.We would stay here again -- it was covenient, within walking distance, to everything we wanted to do. The price was right and for a family trip, it more than met our expectations.	
Jan 1 2009	Not worth the money The staff are uselless	Other than its close, there is anything special about this hotel.Its not cheap, always crowded and you will only get club lounge access if you're a platinum member, I'm gold.Every time I requested the lounge access, I got a different answer.It would have been ok if they all told me the same thing. The rooms are much smaller than typical hotels but its in Manhattan after all.A guy came to bring us water, knocked on the door once and then just went in, WTH!!.At check out, the lady just wanted to get rid of me and gave me &quot;sorry I don't know&quot; answer on everything, we're a nice couple, its not my fault she deals with a lot of people.I do not recommend this hotel, take the subway out of Manhattan, much cheaper and much nicer.The subway is really easy to use.	
Dec 30 2008 	a fairly good hotel undermined by shortage of staff	While the Sheraton is not the horror show some reviewers would lead you to believe, the service is not up to the quality of the rooms. The problem is that the hotel seems to have insufficient numbers of staff, especially in the lobby and garage. We had to wait 30 minutes to park our car even though there were only 10 cars in line in front of us. The parking attendant said we could have just given him the key and checked in, but we needed to pull the car into the garage to unload it. The driveway to the garage is too narrow to walk around cars with luggage in tow. The garage can accommodate only a dozen cars at a time, as cars are sent by elevator to other floors. The entire parking system was not designed to handle the number of cars that can be expected at a hotel with 1750 rooms.Once we had finally gotten our car into the garage, another line awaited us to check-in. There were about 20 people in line, but only three receptionists on duty even though the reception desk could have accommodated probably three times that many. We were lucky. The next day I saw 50 people in line to check in, again with only three receptionists on duty. When I finally got to a receptionist, she told me that all the rooms with two beds were gone and we were given a room with a king size bed, not adequate for two adults and a six year old. Furthermore, the hotel did not have any roll away beds left. The receptionist had an uppity attitude just like the parking attendant. I think they were just overwhelmed by the amount of people they had to handle and were doing their best to deal with many irate guests.I wanted to ask the concierge a question, but the line of at least a dozen people for just one concierge discouraged me from a third line. I just gave up and went to my room, which was good, but not great enough to compensate for all the long lines and unfriendly staff. The room was reasonable size. The built-in desk along the entire length of the window was great as it was twice the size of a regular desk and provided lots of space to set things on. The room had a flat screen TV, a long padded bench but no sitting chair, a safe, and a fairly well appointed bathroom. The towels were small and scratchy. The bed was reasonably comfortable. The pillows were very squishy and there were no extra pillows in the room. The temperature control worked fine.We often had long waits for elevators and sometimes the elevators were too full to accommodate any more passengers. This hotel is simply overwhelmed by the number of guests. The facilities and staff are simply insufficient to handle the huge numbers of people.If you can get a great price on this hotel (we did), and can put up with the lines, then the rooms are sufficiently good quality that it is worth it. And the location is fantastic.	
Dec 30 2008 	Not a Great Place	We were excited to win a bid on priceline.com of $130/night +taxes, and really thought we were in for a great weekend getaway. Unfortunately, the other reviews regarding the check-in process were on-the-money!! We waited in line for about 20 minutes in a SWAMPED lobby (I've never seen a lobby that crowded--it looked like a refugee camp). While we were in line, I witnessed some of the worst customer service I have ever seen as a reception worker yelled at a customer that he was wrong several times and basically told him to shove-it. We were told our room was not yet ready, but we could check our bags and check back after an hour. We joined the line to check our bags which was a nasty experience (25 min. line and very little organization). After an hour, we came back and were able to check in. We waited again in both lines--check-in and baggage check (another 30-35 min. easily). We got up to our room only to find that the toilet was broken. I called down to the front to see if we could change rooms, but they said they were booked solid and instead sent someone up to fix the toilet, which they did.The hotel room itself was decent--small, but that's to be expected in NYC. The room showed definite signs of wear, and could do with a revamp (i.e. stained carpets, worn bed frame, etc.). I'm not normally concerned with the little things--like towels being arranged the right way, etc., but on the last day, the bathroom looked a little messy even after it was cleaned, and our towels were just thrown up on the rack without being folded. I read someone else's review regarding this, and thought &quot;Come ON, you are really stretching on this one. Big deal.&quot; Just thought it was funny that apparently it is a trend.If you are looking for a no-frills hotel, the location of the hotel is fantastic--about 1 block from Times Square and located near the subway and lots of cafes/restaurants on 9th. If the little things put you off, like long lines, rude customer service, no remote controls, etc., this is not the place for you. Since we only paid $130/night, it was a steal. I would NOT pay full price to stay at this hotel in the future.	
Dec 30 2008 	Great Location	Granted we stayed at the hotel in December, so it was truly busy. Even the preferred guest check-in had a waiting line that was at least 20 mins long. We need more staff at the counters during peak periods. It think it would be a much better wait any other time of the year. The rooms were tight but a good size for NYC standards. The cleanliness could be improved. We had to look underneath the bed due to our child's toys rolling there, behold to find water bottles, plastic wraps and receipts from prior guest. Also the bathroom drainage had hair. Yuck. I guess during this time of the year, they heard you in and out like cattle...yes even preferred members. Also, it was unseasonally warm the time we went and the room heat can't be adjusted so we were hot. Thank goodness you can open the windows (partially of course). I love the location; it's within walking distance to Times Square, Rockefeller Center, Central park, etc. I would stay here again...I will just be better prepared next time for the items mentioned above.	
Dec 30 2008 	ok room	For some strange reason we were given a handicapped room even though neither of us is handicapped. Room was a bit run down. The blinds went up &amp; down by a flick of a switch. However, you had to put the switch in the middle setting or they would keep going up &amp; down. Since It was a handicapped room, there was no tub/shower in the bathroom. Bathroom floor had 2 drains. A small part of the room was partitioned off via shower curtain. The partitioned portion had a hand held shower which could cause flooding if one is not careful. Very busy hotel. There were crowds in the lobby. The Avenue Restaurant was too expensive. The staff was friendly and helpful. There was to be a hairdryer included in the room, however, we could not find it. I called the front desk and one was brought to our room. Room had a nice view. There was an in room coffee maker but the coffee was terrible. They had flavored tea which I don't like. I would have preferred Lipton tea. Bed was comfortable. The safe was great. The room was hot and it was difficult to adjust the temperature. Toilet flushed weird and always had to be flushed more than once to get the toilet paper down.	
Dec 29 2008 	Terrible doesn't begin to describe my experience!	I always had a sneaking suspicion that customer service was on the decline, but my fears were not fully realized until my stay at the Sheraton Towers in NYC. Let me explain… My husband and I came to NYC to celebrate my birthday and visit some friends for a short weekend getaway. We had a nice walk from Penn Station to the hotel, where we waited in the check-in line for a good half hour. We were told the room was not ready yet, which we expected since we were early, and that we could check our bags. We waited another half hour on the bag check line; finally we were free to do our thing. We had a GREAT day and came back to the hotel around 11:30 pm. I went on the check-in line, which was even longer than before and NOT moving, while my husband went to retrieve our suitcase. About 20 minutes later my husband meets me in line, but without our suitcase. Apparently someone else had it! As disconcerting as that was, the treatment and lack of care the staff showed on our behalf was even worse. The line was still not moving and my husband tracked down a night manager who came over and finally got things moving again. When it was our turn we told the front desk receptionist our situation. He told us that we needed to speak with the baggage handlers and that there was nothing he could do. We informed him that they told us to speak with him; he adamantly disagreed and walked us over to the baggage area. Needless to say, he and the other gentleman got into an argument over who was responsible for this situation. When we asked to speak with the manager on duty he would not even come over and speak with us (he just kept checking people in) and told the front desk person to have the security office deal with it. So, the security office comes and informs us that they cannot call anyone about our bag until the morning. I, with clenched teeth, ask what they will do for us in the meantime. We had nothing, it was all given away. He was totally clueless. I suggested toothbrushes and toothpaste and at least robes to change into. Grudgingly he says OK, someone will bring them to our room. Now, on to the room…We get to the room, which was small (I’m pretty sure the room at the Microtel I stayed at in Watertown, NY was bigger than this) and DIRTY. The carpet was stained and had definitely seen better days and the dust on the furniture was very visible. We called down to see if we could change rooms and were told that none were available. So, then we pull down the covers and sheets were FILTHY, makeup and other stains (only God knows what!) were on them. So, we call down a second time and ask for clean sheets. About one hour goes by and nothing. I call the security office again, the only competent person in the place, and ask when we will be getting our things. About another 20 minutes go by and finally someone brings us robes and toothbrushes, etc. We asked him for sheets and he seemed a bit putout since he was the only one on duty that night. Finally he comes back and changes the sheets for us; meanwhile his BO is stinking up the room. Around 1:45 am we crawl into be only to get up a few hours later and put on the same clothes and trudge down stairs.The manager on duty that morning was apologetic and did comp the room (but only after I told her I refused to pay). I have never in my life experienced such abdominal service. It wasn’t even about the missing luggage, it was about the total lack of respect and seeming ignorance of everyone we encountered at the hotel. The Sheraton will never see another dime of my money!!	
Dec 29 2008	Not a 4 star	I booked the hotel for christmas week through priceline. It was under the 4 star hotel category. Other than the helpful concierge service and the staff, there isn't much that was good about the place. The hotel is in desperate need of some renovations. The heating system is very old and doesn't function properly. No pool, no mini-bar and no water pressure. Overall the hotel is okay (at least it was clean) but definitely not a 4 star hotel. It should be categorized as a 3 star and they should charge the same rates as hotels in that category.	
Dec 28 2008 	Can not beat the location!	Stayed at the Sheraton Dec. 22-Dec.26th and was more than pleased. The location is unbeatable. You are virtually in the middle of Times Square! Clerk at check in was great (Christian I believe his name was) was fast and professional. My room on the 27th floor was about average size for New York city. My only issue was my view consisted of looking at another building so you may want to ask for a view of times square as I am certain they have those type of rooms. Housekeeping was sufficient and I really loved the lobby. Did not try the restaurnats so I can not comment but they seemed extremely expensive (welcome to nyc). In closing the best thing about this hotel is the location. We visited almost all of NYC and I think I would rather stay where we were than any other hotel I saw. We seemed to be in the perfect location. In closing I would definitely return to this hotel but would give my best effort to get a room facing Times Square.	
Dec 28 2008 	Old and is showing its age	This hotel needs a serious makeover. I stayed on the Preferred Guest Floor and if that was the preferred guest floor I would hate to see where they put non-preferred guests. The carpet had snags all along the hallway, the seams were seperating and there were stains all over the walls. The room was clean, but the air temp could not be regulated in the room. The unti only blew HOT air. I called to inquire about why and apparently they blow only hot in the winter and cold in the summer. I had to call 3 times to get new pillows. the sheets had not been cleaned properly, there were stains all over them. The walls in the room are VERY thin. I could here the cell phone in the room next to me ring and the person talking on it as well. I used the gym, most hotels have one fee that covers the whole room. This one was $20 per person for the length of the stay. Overall I was not impressed with this hotel and for the money (over $300 a night) I could have stayed somwhere better, and next time I will.	
Dec 20 2008 	mobbed no heat noisy low class	This should NOT be a four star hotel. Our room had no heat, and the noise from the hallways was very disturbing. Elevator waits at checkouts were more than half hour. The lobby was mobbed and there didn't seem to be any security checking to see that only guests went up in the elevators, very disconcerting with such crowds around. Rude housekeeping staff yelling in hallways.	
