	Mostly Satisfied. Some complaints.	On arrival for four nights we arrived tired and late after travelling from San Francisco. We were informed that Hotel Policy was to request $150 per night from our credit card, as a bond to cover incedentials (I.E. We dont trust you - guest). As we were not likely to use any facilty in the hotel if this was an indication of likely prices, we were told that $150 dollars would only be taken, not $600 dollars over four nights. We were then shown to one of the smallest rooms in the hotel, which we could not get warm -window was found open, but stuck. We were thankful for the duvet. Bed was fine and comfortable, but shower leaked water over bathroom floor as door had wide space between. Our opinion is there was too much style and little practicality. The staff were very helpful, and we would single out the concierge -Yenni. She was very customer oriented. Also both the night staff on duty on 1st December, who could not be more helpful for our early morning start.Would we recommend this hotel -not for value for money, but it was a convenient location.	
	Luxurious Respite in the heart of Midtown Manhatten	The Royalton exceeded our expectations for a hotel in midtown Manhatten, providing a luxurious and welcoming retreat from the long days of touring the city during our first trip to NYC. The location was wonderful - a quiet street just steps from subways, Bryant Park, Times Square - a short walk to Grand Central, the Theatre District, great restaurants, the Rockefeller Centre - even Macy's and the Empire were walking distance. It is a historic Georgian stone building, set on what appears to be an old &quot;tony&quot; area, with the Hotel Algonquin across the street, the NYC club and Harvard club steps away. Service was prompt and very friendly - unassuming and welcoming - open to all our greenhorn tourist questions. The bathroom and bed were wonderful - especially the mirrored tile huge tub with shower - felt wonderful on my aching body after a full day of walking! The price was an internet special which put it in the same price range of other Manhatten hotels of lesser quality - hard to get anything for under $250 Cdn. As other reviewers mentioned, the lighting is dim but once you got used to it, it seemed soothing - the flickering lights of the large fireplaces and shadows of the scaled down modern architectural details were beautifully appealing to the senses. Curling up on a leather couch in front of the big fireplace with a glass of wine after a long day was a huge &quot;ahhh!&quot; moment. Great little deli/coffee house a couple of steps away for grabbing a quick breakfast or bringing coffee to your room. Also enjoyed the Jewel of India - down the street for price and quality of food. Other restaurants in this area are likely good but expensive (Algonquin across the street has a Jazz supper club - expensive but great rep, although we didn't try it) But it is a short walk or cab ride from here to 9th Ave Hell's Kitchen, great, less expensive food!	
	Superior Customer Satisfaction	We spent 5 nights at the Royalton over the Thanksgiving holiday this month and I have to say I was extremely impressed. I have stayed at the Grand Hyatt, Marriott Marquis, and Millenium Hilton to name a few, and the level of service my family received at the Royalton was second to none. From the moment we arrived the bellman and front desk staff were a delight to work with.Our room was spacious with a desk and a couch, and the bathroom was very large with one of the best shower heads I have experienced! The bed was very comfortable and the room was appointed nicely. I highly recommend this hotel if you are visiting Manhattan because of its great location and great staff.	
Nov 25 2009 	Really special!	This is a great hotel. The location was fantastic, right in the heart of everything. Rooms had the wow factor. The open fire was really cosy to come back to after a long day shopping, the large soaking tub divine to relax in and the beds extremely comfy. Only thing was the prices of room service for wine, astronomical but then we found that at most places (on reflection, when we go again we'll take a bottle with us!)... Staff were friendly without being over the top which we quite liked. Would definitely recommend especially if you can get a deal. We paid about $180 per night which we thought was good value.	
Nov 25 2009 	Fantastic!	My husband and I stayed at the Royalton for the first leg of our honeymoon and it was FANTASTIC! It was our first time in NYC, and everyone from the doorman to the front desk person was very helpful. We showed up complete novices to NYC, and your employees were very helpful and offered us advice on how to get around the city. They even offered us advice on how to get to Yankee Stadium even though we were Twins fans headed there for a playoff game. We came back from our trip to Yankee Stadium to find a bottle of Champagne and chocolate dipped strawberries in our room. Such a treat! They also gave advice on places to get pizza and cocktails. When it came time for our departure, the doorman got a private car for us and even gave us tips on places to see in London (which was our next stop) ... we loved your city, and when we come back, we will be staying at the Royalton.	
Nov 23 2009 	Locationclean and silent with fantastic beds but	just one disturbing minus and that is the smell from open fires in the rooms.Airco and open fire in a room does not fit .We did not used it but if other rooms do it ,it transmits odour to other rooms.But overall a fine hotel a good price except bar prices (14$ for a glas of wine plus taxes)which leads you to other bars.	
Nov 17 2009 	Disappointing	After staying at the Bryant Park on my last visit to NYC I had high hopes for this hotel. Don't believe the hype. First impressions are great, we were greated with a great doorman and as we walk in and the doors automatically woosh open you can't help but smile, however, the reception staff will soon wipe that smile of your face. They are cold and unwelcoming.We were assigned a room on the 6th floor, knowing the noise of NYC I enquired whether there was another room available at a higher level. I was told all the rooms were booked and nothing was available. On entering the 6th floor room it was dark and smelt badly. On asking the doorman what the smell was we're informed that it's the fireplace, housekeeping must be aware of the problem because the room was overpowered by air freshner trying to mask the smell. It's worth nothing the fires are not lit until later on in the year.I contacted recpetion about the smell and was promptly re-assigned another room on a higher floor - amazing how that room was now vacant. They didn't seem surprised I was complaining about the smell from the fireplace (nasty smell of cigarettes). I subsquently found out that this is a common complaint.The hotel was very quiet and seemed to attract an 'older' generation of customer, it certainly isn't the hip and swinging hotel they like to protray.The room was spacious, however, it's very dark - it's depressing coming into the room leaving behind the sunshine/daylight. The lights you cannot turn up at best you're left fumbling around, a nightmare trying to put any make-up on, also, the hotel doesn't provide a full lenght mirror in the room.The Phillipe Stark round bath looks great and that is the best thing about it, the plumbing is very poor that the water doesn't drain away leaving a deadly slippery soapy scum at the bottom. The loo would just periodically flush on it's own and then it wouldn't turn off resulting in late night calls to reception to get someone out to fix it.The room overall was dirty with dust everywhere and with the decor in varying colours of grey just adds to the feel of an old and tired room.Two pluses are the location, easy to get everywhere and the bed.There are plenty of other hotels in NYC which are more up-to-date and are cetainly more welcoming than this hotel. Overall it felt like the hotel management were away on a training course and the junoirs had been left in charge - you can find better and I recommend that you do.	
Nov 16 2009 	What should I expect?	Hi everyone!I'm traveling to NYC with a friend in the next few weeks and am very excited to stay at the Royalton Hotel. The deal I got offers a free upgrade upon check-in, do you all have any recommendations in terms of room size/ accommodation? Any additional details you can provide me in terms of the hotel would be appreciated: ie. tips etc. Will I be able to check out late from the hotel, because my flight is at 8pm?Last, how much is a cab to LaGuardia Airport to the hotel approximately?	
Nov 6 2009 	Great Location and Style	I stayed at the Royalton for four nights in late October. I found all of the staff very welcoming, pro-active, friendly and accommodating with the exception of one clearly bored employee. The concierge is extremely helpful. She not only recommended a great Broadway show, she managed to get an extra ticket at very late notice. She also found a town car to take me to the airport within three minutes when my own booking fell through. Breakfast is great - I became addicted to the steel-cut oatmeal. The hotel really buzzes in the lobby and is very popular with native New Yorkers. This gives the hotel a very authentic vibe. My room was very comfortable and, as many have commented, the bathroom was huge and well-planned with an extra makeup space and rainhead shower. The location is wonderful. I usually stay close to Central Park near 55th Street, but the West 44th location accesses both 5th Avenue, Broadway and Times Square within a couple of minutes. Not too far from Union Square in a cab, either. All in all I had a wonderful stay and throughly enjoyed the experience.	
Nov 4 2009 	Location great hotel OK	Just returned from a 5 day trip to New York staying at the Royalton Hotel. Firstly the location of this hotel is fantastic a very short walk from the hub of Times Square, Broadway and 5th Avenue, brilliant. Like other reviewers however I found the dark and somewhat dingy interior of the hotel rather depressing and souless. A great place to go for after work drinks as shown by the throngs of non residents locating the bar every night, but not so great if your staying in the hotel. The bar occupants being rather more suck up New Yorkers who seemed to turn their noses up as one walked through the lobby to the elevators. The reception staff also seemed to have this stuck up air about them. When we made our reservation we asked for a later check out time as our flight was late in the evening. The lady at reception told us the latest we could have the room was 1pm. So we proceeded to do some shopping and come back. When we tried to get back into the room our key card had been blocked preventing us from getting back into the room. Surely it was a simple thing to do to extend the keycard until 1pm?The room was nice and functional with a lovely shower to stand under after a long day of sightseeing. Clean and tidy with a very comfy bed, great.In summary this has the potential of being a great hotel, however one would recommend the following; more uplifting lighting perhaps the use of natural light?, staff who are as interested in residents as they are the snobby bar punters, and finally a little more genuine friendliness from staff would not go amiss.	
Oct 26 2009 	Lots of Style but Misses the Basics	Great location in Midtown Manhattan. Staff was friendly. We were wowed by the lobby ambiance. The experience was not so good once we made it to our room. Our Superior Double was beautiful (expected), small (somewhat expected), and completely impractical (not expected). There were no drawers for clothes. The bathroom lighting was dark enough that my daughter and wife had a hard time doing their hair and makeup. The finish on the tub was coming off, and the bathtub drain did not work properly. The beds were set back into walled niches which looked cool, but were a giant pain. I whacked my knee on that wall a couple of times each night. The only (3) power outlets in the room were hard to get to, and hard to find. I'm a frequent business traveler, who is accustomed to a focus on comfort and practicality. Perhaps I'm not cut out for the boutique, all style and no substance approach?	
Oct 17 2009 	Great Location very hip and trendy	We stayed for 5 nts in October and first impressions were good. The lobby is very dark but it does create a lovely atmosphere around the bar area. Our room was compact &amp; on further inspection it appeared we had the smallest room on the top floor. However we didn't anticipate spending a lot of time there so it wasn't a problem. We had a walk in shower which was very invigourating and we found the wardrobe area adequate for our gear. Unfortunatley the hotel bar prices especially the mini bar were ridiculous and we therefore only had one drink in Bar 44 all the time we were there. In the evening the bar area is full of New Yorkers having after work drinks and it is hard to find anywhere to sit and relax. I would therefore recommend the M Bar up the road or Figaros for drinks and food. As we were room only we had breakfast in Gregorys just down the road every morning the staff are great and its very cheap.As for the staff at the Royalton we didn't interact much with them but I think if you needed them for anything they would help but they don't go out of their way to ensure your having a good stay, However the concierge was very helpful in recommending a chinese one evening even making us a reservation.In a nutshell great location for first time visits, very hip and trendy just not personnel enough for me as a resident	
Oct 16 2009 	Take a torch...	As the other reviews say; location is great and probably the hotel's best asset. It's on the same street as the Sofitel and Algonquin so it's one of the best places to stay in the middle of Manhattan. 5th Avenue is on one side. Times Sq the other. If you like walking, it's a few blocks from everything of interest. Beyond that I'm not not sure what the main attraction of this place would be. The rooms are small (I know it's NYC). They are extremely dark and muted. The bathrooms while fancy (great tub and rain shower) had little functional space/surfaces. Additionally, the TV was placed weirdly on a side wall to the bed making viewing a little strained. The aircon howled and growled like a demon and had to be switched off. There was also, and perhaps I just missed it, no hotel information in the room, just a menu. No details about wifi charges, hotel services etc. Nothing. But the bed was comfy and our little 'cave' to hide in when the city got too much. It was clean and quiet - although anyone with a room on the 4th floor beware as you'd be above the lobby or near to the gym etc. The staff didn't live up to the moody expectations I'd read about and we're friendly and responsive. There's a small but adequate fitness room and business centre which for a hotel like this was a nice touch, well presented.As everyone has mentioned; the lobby is dark, really dark as are the hall ways, lifts and well everywhere. Don't expect clear bright light in your room either (there are candles though placed on odd, eye gouging level sconces, so weird). It's just their shtick to be all mysterious and create temporary blindness when you eventually make it out onto the street. The lobby was always busy in the evenings so it must work more as bar than a functional hotel waiting area. The restaurant was overpriced of course but very good if you need something on the spot. Otherwise NY offers everything and anything within a few minutes...if you really can't face a search for breakfast, the Red Flame diner across the street (under scaffolding as of this date) is about as basic as you can get; you get your food thrown at you and and hurried out the door but it's busy and cheap.You have to judge a hotel on whether you would return and I just don't think this place is good enough for a retry. It's not quirky or luxurious. And neither is it cutting edge. It's just a bit arrogant, indulgent and dark - not in a good way.	
Oct 10 2009 	Nice hotel good location some good and not so good points!	Location was good, rooms were a good size, very clean although a little sparse. The bathroom was luxurious and very modern. The lobby was dark at commented in other reviews but this didn't detract from the ambiance of the hotel. Saying that however, the prices at the lobby bar did which clearly put other customers off as it always appeared empty. We drank in there once but as we were alone it felt a little flat. Considering the calibre of hotel, the hotel staff (apart from housekeeping) were less than attentive or friendly. Another reviewer commented that it felt you were putting the staff out by requesting anything and sadly this is the case. (In our case it was only to ask the price of in room Wifi and to reset our electronic room key so we weren't exactly asking for an upgrade!). Our experience was such a shame as Management have a superb product in the hotel, which is unfortunately let down by the staff. As stated, the hotel is fab and was a great base to discover New York, due to our experience with the staff however I would be reluctant to recommend this hotel or return.	
Oct 9 2009 	Great Refurbishment love this hotel....	I'v ebeen staying at this hotel since it opened and I'm biased because I like it. Having said that this is my first visit since the refurbishment so I thought it worth a review. First a general description. This is a hip happening boutique hotel in mid-town. It's not a stunning location for the new Tribeca, Chelsea, south Manhattan revival. It's good for theatre and shopping and if you have to go up and downtown during your trip. Otherwise head for Soho House.It's smaller than the reputation suggests. That means it can be quite personal and charming. If you want Morgans Group style with Mahnattan scale then stay at the Hudson. The staff are interested in the guests, and if you bother to chat and introduce yourself on arrival then it will pay dividends. It is worth checking if you are staying during a major fashion or film week. If you are then this hotel will be chaos. Chic chaos, but chaos all the same.The new lobby is wonderful. The fire in a glass fronted chimney is gorgeous - and there is more space now they've demolished the circular bar. It's all dark woods and marbles and carpets. The food is good, not great, but fine for breakfast or lunch. If you want to eat really well cross the street and go to DB's - one of the best kitchens in Manhattan.The rooms are dark, and I've stayed in most. You really want a loft of suite or superior room of some sort. I like the lofts with round bathtubs, although the superior rooms with large bathrooms are cool too.On this trip I forgot shaving foam, delivered to the room in three minutes, and needed a Best Man's speech printed urgently (just emailed to Natalia in reception to be printed and critically-reviewed!). Thank you Natalia... ;o)On a previous trip the concierge has organised cars, tickets for Avenue Q and Camelot on the same day, and sent my laptop on to another hotel when I left it in the room.If you want the whole huge Manhattan hotel experience then this is not it, but if you want a personal, gorgeous hotel on a human scale with great staff this is it. Just avoid Fashion Week.It does charge $10 for 24 hours internet which annoys me.	
Oct 9 2009 	Hip? I guess so but it's not great	My friend and I have gone to NYC and stayed in midtown 3 times - we liked the Royalton hotel the least. I had read the reviews on Trip Advisor before going, so I was surprised to find so many flaws with the hotel (that might also explain why I'm giving it a negative review..we had high expectations). Where to begin? Yes, people online mentioned that it was a &quot;bit dark&quot;. A BIT dark?! Being in the hotel is like being a mole in the ground. It feels like you've walked into a very dark bar no matter what time of day it is. We were always happy (in a rush, in fact) to leave the gloom of the hotel . Couldn't they make it brighter in the daytime?? Even in the rooms, it was dark and SMALL. It may be because we needed a room with two beds that our room felt cramped, but it truly was small. So much so, that our beds felt a bit like coffins because they were tucked into the wall (hard to explain, but we couldn't see each other when we each were in our bed). My friend slept on a diagonal because she didn't like feeling claustrophobic. There was very little space to put our luggage, the tiniest closet I've ever seen in a hotel room, and our make up bags/personal items had to be stored on the FLOOR in the bathroom (no counter space at all). In terms of service, they were fine (room service was happy to bring us robes..shouldn't they have been in the room already?), and at least tried to fix our clock radio which didn't work properly. The front desk staff were mediocre (not particularly friendly, and a bit too 'cool'), but the concierge was friendly and helpful. Other positives - great location and clean. Next time, I would pay more to stay across the street at the Sofitel (very nice!), or would take a lesser location at the Affinia Dumont (not fancy, but large rooms) - I wouldn't return to The Royalton.	
Oct 5 2009 	Very nice	Stayed in a loft suit and got a good deal on it. Room was really nice - a little plain, but the bathroom was great. I didnt find it too dark at all - i thought it had a great atmosphere. Staff in general were friendly and attentive. Location is excellent. The only thing that was a little disappointing was the prices in the bar downstairs - we ended up not really staying there at all as the drinks weren't worth the price. Overall I would highly recommend and would happily stay there again. I went to the DB restuarant opposite and had a great meal, and the diner just down the road was also good for brekkie.	
Oct 1 2009 	Nice Room Good Location Some Oddities	We stayed at the Royalton on a weekend visit and knew that it was going to be a fairly &quot;hip&quot; hotel. The lobby is dark and the check-in desk seems kind of hidden. The lobby is a bar/night club, with many beautiful people and a DJ. First ,the good: The room was huge, particularly by NYC standards. We believe the closet was the size of an actual room we had at the W New York. The bathroom was actually two rooms with tons of mirrors and a great shower. We had flat screen TV and and a couch. The Royalton is part of the Morgan group and is similar to the Hudson Hotel in the fact that it doesn't have a box spring and the beds are very close to the ground, which can be a hassle. We liked the location, about four blocks from Grand Central and near the Theater District.Second, the bad: The staff seemed put out to deal with you. Not rude, but not really into dealing with you. When I checked in I asked for the best possible room, because my wife wasn't sold on the hotel and I got no response from the front desk people. We were never greeted by anyone. Each morning I would walk by the front desk and the bell men and say &quot;Good Morning&quot;, with no response. It really wasn't that big a deal, but it was a change from some of the places we have stayed recently.Third, the different: I already mentioned the beds being close to the floor. But what I found very odd was they had candles in the rooms and matches! I'm sure it would be romantic, but I thought that was kind of safety hazard. Overall, I would stay here again for the right price. We paid $239 a night and got a $20 Metro Card.	
Sep 26 2009 	Top notch mid-town hotel	Stayed for one night only after a disaster at another chain - i found it excellent - i booked on the phone via their reservations - having told them my woes the girl was very friendly and said i'd be much better looked after - which i was to be fair! - super friendly check in girl looked after me very well, had heard about me leaving the last hotel, and gave me a free upgrade - huge room with very comfy bed and plenty of nice touches here and there - great bathroom with massive tub, good shower - and lots of towels which is something of a rarity these days superb midtown location - very cool lobby bar, with lots of beautiful staff - i found them efficient, but not exactly friendly - not unusual for this type of hotel in NYC - yes its very 'hip' and may not be to everyone's taste - but i really enjoyed my stay and would look to back	
Sep 25 2009 	Royalton should stop trying to be so hip and try to be a good hotel!	What a disaster! My boyfriend and I were so excited about a fun weekend in NYC. He has stayed at the Royalton many times on business so he was very excited to share this hotel with me. The Royalton completely let us down and we will never stay here or recommend it to anyone. On first night's stay, we were woken up by loud disco music at 2am. When we called the front desk and told them that there was music so loud we could sing along, the rude guy at the front desk asked us where it was coming from. We told him we weren't sure but it sounded like it was coming from downstairs in the lobby. The rude guy says, 'yeah, we are holding a party in the lobby.' When we asked if they could turn the music down, the guy said no but he could move our room. Who wants to move rooms at 2am? Why would this hotel where guests pay to sleep, have a party so loud that the guests can't sleep? When we told the front desk in the morning, the front desk clerk was less than apologetic and said she wasn't aware of the party. The weekend at the Royalton continued in the same fashion with the maids throwing out our shopping bags with some of our purchases still in them. Each time we complained, the staff at the Royalton seemed to hip to actually apologize or be at fault for anything. Good luck if you stay here - You will feel like a worthless person at a chic hotel.	
Sep 25 2009 	Personal Touch	We booked this hotel for our first trip to New York and mentioned it was our Thirtieth wedding anniversary and immediately got upgraded to a deluxe room. The room was beautiful with a huge bath and shower. The only downside was it was very dark with no natural light, and if I had paid for the upgrade would have insisted on being moved. Also it was right next door to the business centre and fitness room, so if you don't want to be woken up with inconsiderate guests banging doors at all hours, get a room at the other end of the corridor. We never used the facilities of the hotel much as we were out from morning to night, but when we did , the staff were very helpful and friendly, not what we were led to believe from &quot;native New Yorkers&quot;. Being out a lot, we soon realised it was a great location for just about everything. And one final thing, when we returned to our hotel on the 22nd, the date of our anniversary, there was an anniversary card waiting for us in the room, signed by all the staff. that was a very personal touch that meant a lot to both of us. We would most definitely reccommend this hotel, and when we come back would stay there again.	
Sep 24 2009 	We felt like stars!	OK, we're not used to staying in upscale hotels but we were in NYC and decided to splurge. The moment we walked into the lobby, we knew this hotel was something special. The subdued light, the big comfy chairs forming intimate seating groups, the bar with a selection of fancy cocktails and interesting snacks. The rooms, while Manhattan small, were beautifully furnished. The bathroom had luxury products, and everything you could want for a comfortable stay, including scented candles, was there. A real thrill (OK like I said, we don't get out much) was when we noticed that a picture on a candle sconce had changed. It just told us that even the little details were important. The staff is young and hip, and interested in making your stay as pleasant as possible. We definitely give the Royalton 2 thumbs up.	
Sep 24 2009 	Quintessential NYC with a hip edge	Fabulous design, wonderful location, great chef and attentive service.	
Sep 21 2009 	Wonderful experience	I stayed here with my spouse in February of 2009, during the severe winter storm. I would also agree that yes, it's dark in the hall. If that's an issue stay somewhere with better lighting. That said, it's very chic without being pretentious. Here's the thing - I grew up in the east and after 15 years in Oregon feel like a hayseed despite spending a lot of time in Manhattan and DC and in between. The staff here could not be more amazing. They gave us incredible recomemndations on out of the way restaurants that we felt like opened our eyes to the real NYC, helped us with the most elementary navigation issues, and at the end of the day whipped up a martini the size of Sputnik to enjoy in their gorgeous lobby. Clearly, a lot of the locals agree because it was always busy.The room was great. The location could not be better. On a quiet cross street, proximal to coffee, subway, and a wicked great diner next door.Again, it is the staff here that really makes us want to return.	
Sep 20 2009 	we love it loved it loved it	what can i say anything bad No the staff where excellent the conceirge on the doors where our guides thoughout our stay true proffesionals and a deilght , the girls who waitered on our tables where truly friendly and gave outstanding service . The rooms where cleanned daily prefect prefect ,I just wanted to say a huge big thank you to you all reception everyone you made us english feel so special. it is in a fab location grand central straight up the road newyork public Library around the corner times square down the road , This is the first time we have been in new york and the Only let down for us was a yellow taxi from the airport very rude orrible man who justed wanted his TIP , anway get a private hire car plus driver back to the aiport , excellent service .WHAT CAN WE SAY BUT WE LOVED Newyork and we will be back , plus back to stay at the royalton hotel for its high quality standards THANK YOU so much	
Sep 8 2009 	Great Location Very Comfortable beds and had the best walk in showers	This hotel was everything we needed in New York City, 44th street between 2 mins from 5th avenue and time square.The standard rooms are a good size showers are great, bed was great.It is not you usually hotel lobby, could be considered a bit pretentious, did not spend any time there but usually full of people drinking and snacking, Hall a bit too dark, but saving the environment in there own way. Overall nice hotel, good price, and great location.	
Sep 6 2009 	Very hip very chic just watch out for the elevators!	We had a king loft room, fantastic - and the bathroom is out of this world a 5ft round bath tube with rain shower and shower attachment - it was huge! Oversized bedroom for NY standards and in the winter there was even an open fire that you could have lit.Staff were often lacking in their presence, I guess part of the hotels charm, and so it felt you were in more of an exclusive club rather than hotel. The public areas are very funky, and at nights very dark so you had to let your eyes adjust to the &quot;mood&quot; lighting. Bar staff great (but prices are high), as soon as you asked for anything it just appeared.Location is great on West 44th and 6th, 10 blocks from the Empire State Building, 5 minutes to Times Square and handy for subway and Penn Station to get to Newark Airport. Concierge (only available weekdays - shame) was fantastic and she knew all the hints and tips - she directed us to TKTS down in South Port Plaza and we got some excellent tickets for half price to see Mary Poppins and Mamma Mia! Had some great tips for inexpensive places to eat too.Downside - the elevators, there are three of them, but they aren't that reliable. We got trapped in one for over two hours, and when finally we got out, no apologies from any of the staff or management. There seemed to be a lack of awareness as to how long we were trapped and no check to see if we were ok!! Perhaps thats the pretentiousness of the hotel?In short if your looking for something hip and trendy, with prices to boot then you can't go wrong - this is not like a standard chain of Marriott or Hiltons, and made for a refreshing change	
Sep 1 2009 	Fantastic place to stay	I cannot recommend the Royalton more highly. It has a great location within walking distance of Times Square and Fifth Ave. The service was excellent and all staff are cheerful and friendly, plus our Superior grade room more than met our expectations - large, airy and very stylish. Stay here and you'll not be disappointed!	
Aug 27 2009 	Pretentious	I was really looking forwrad to staying at the Royalton, as the reviews and pictures made it look fantastic. We arrived and indeed, there were impressive elements to the hotel, the fire in reception was great but you didn't feel comfortable just sitting there! The rooms had there merits: the bed was fabulous, the bathroom was amazing but everything was sooo dark, it made it appear very dreary. This is definitely a winter hotel and it would depress you more so in the summer! We didn't have a veiw from our window, buit considering the small amount of time we spent in the room that didn't matter to us. The staff prance about wearing t-shirts under suits more concerned with their appearance that dealing with customers. The hotel as an air of being too pretenious, cold and impersonal. I would not go back or recommend this hotel and there are better hotels to be found for the money.	
Aug 25 2009 	Very trendy and hot but totally worth the money.	Hot, hot, hot, what can I say!! This hotel is so awesome. Rooms are not that big but gorgeous nonetheless. Hotel lobby bar is sexy and worth a looksee for a drink. Food is good at restaurant too.	
Aug 19 2009 	Great hotel would definitely stay again	I really loved my stay here, and I thought the staff was excellent. I was surprised at how much they paid attention to detail since I always have heard horror stories about New York City hotels. Very clean room, comfortable bed. Every time I saw someone in the elevator or in the hall they would smile and some een asked how my stay was going randomly. They really turned my business trip into a pleasurable experience.	
Aug 14 2009	Wonderful experience; perfect location!	This was my first experience in a boutique hotel; I was traveling with my college aged daughter and thought she would enjoy staying somewhere more trendy than a typical chain hotel, especially in NYC. The Royalton did not disappoint. From the moment our cab drove up, the doorman opened the cab door for us and escorted us to check in. The door was always manned and we were always greeted with &quot;Can I get you ladies a cab?&quot; or &quot;How was your day?, Can I get you anything?&quot;. Exceptional service; staff always courteous and polite. We had a great travelzoo promo rate with a free upgrade. Our room was probably twice as big as our room in another hotel on our last visit to NYC. There was a nice sitting area with much open space that made our 5 night stay very comfortable. Our room was also VERY quiet; we were 2 rooms away from the elevators and never heard a sound. I would not hesitate to stay here again. The location is perfection; seemed equi-distant to Theatre District, Times Square, Rockefeller Center, Central Park, Grand Central. Nice coffee shop &quot;Gregory's Coffee&quot; a couple doors down the street where we picked up bottled water, bottled juices, fruit and yogurt daily. Fitness room on 4th floor is accessible with room key and Business Center next to it where you can print boarding passes at no charge.	
Aug 13 2009	Great Hotel great area	The Royalton was very cute and trendy. The rooms were very nice, a little on the small but most NY hotels are plus this is a boutique hotel. The room decor was very nice and the rooms had all the typical ugrades, slate bathrooms, robes etc. We had great service overall and an outstanding stay. The location was wonderful as we were able to walk to Times Sq. in a matter of minutes. We had drinks in the lobby and our bartender was very friendly and efficient	
Aug 9 2009 	Breathtaking sexy and discreet akin to all Morgans properties!	I stayed in the Alcove room....with the fab bathtub...staff was outstanding especially Tatiana the concierge. Bartender made me feel very comfortable having a drink alone until my friends met me..In love with the Royalton...	
Aug 7 2009 	....great little hotel with good location.	We had a wonderful 4 night stay here at the Royalton....in particular, contrary to some other reviews, we found the staff most helpful and friendly. The check-in was smooth and hassle-free. We had no problem finding the front desk unlike others! Yes, the lighting is atmospheric but this creates a lovely welcoming feeling away from the glare of the city. It is calm and welcoming....The room wasn't huge, neither was the bed. But it was plenty big enough for two. The bathroom was beautiful, with fresh flowers and candles, very romantic. We enjoyed some amazing cocktails in the bar before venturing out to for dinner.......one evening the manager even treated us to champagne after finding out we had got enaged earlier that day. I'd definitely recommend this hotel to anyone who asked, give it a go, we loved it.	
Aug 3 2009 	Very stylish hotel great service great bathroom!	I booked the Royalton for a great price via an online special. The lobby is very stylish and impressive, though on the dark side. We had a standard room with a soaking tub. The room was a good size and stylishly decorated. The queen bed was wonderful, and the bathroom was very impressive with the huge round soaking tub. The room had a small desk, small loveseat, and a bar fridge (full of mini-bar stuff, but we just moved that our and put our own drinks in it). The room was clean and appeared very newly decorated. Housekeeping was very fast in the mornings when we went out. It was the quietest hotel I have ever stayed in in NYC--no doors slamming in the hallways at night, no traffic noise, which was a real pleasure. However, the reason for the lack of traffic noise is that the room faced out onto the building next door, which was about 2&quot; away. This meant the room was very dark as we received no natural light. During the day, our room was just a dark twilight--we needed all of the lights on at all times. I didn't bother asking to change rooms although we were there for three nights. If we were to stay there again, I definitely wouldn't accept a room like that. Our friends had a deluxe King room on a higher floor which was very large and bright. The hotel service was excellent--very friendly and efficient, and they were able to accommodate our request for a late check-out which was appreciated.	
Jul 30 2009 	wont go back	heres my opinion......the bad,: the service, everything from the front desk to door service..parking, dark depressing feeling, and the bathroom smelled..pricey too, but thats new york. elevators supeer small, small rooms, .....the good......the bathroom even though it smelled bad..was very nice.big tub, nice size.and the most awesome shower i ever experienced... thats all i really liked at this hotel,, and the fact that if i wanted to jump there was no screen in the windows on the 7th floor..wide open and straight down if you want...the loft wasnt too bad actually, and fairly good size for that hotel.. we just expected more..	
Jul 27 2009 	Great Stay Except for the Front Desk Experience	The Royalton hotel was a nice place, that I would like to travel back to, however the front desk/reservations center ruined my positive opinion of this place.I made reservations over the phone (the reservations center is apparently in Canada) the woman notified me that the cost of the rooms (I booked 3 rooms that night) would be put onto my 1 card and I would just have to present a card for incidentals when I arrived at the hotel.When myslef and my 2 other friends who were using the other rooms (that they had already paid me for) arrived, the front desk informed us the cost of the rooms would be put onto whatever card was given for incidentals.I told them I was told they were already paid for. Anna at the front desk said that was incorrect information and the reservations center did not give me the right info. They had my card on file, and I did not have that 1 with me, still they said without the card present they could not use it for the charges. Once that was settled 30 min later I confirmed with her that the room charges would not show up on my friends cards bc I paid for the rooms. She said &quot;yes&quot; and that I would receive a separate receipt upon check out. I never received the receipt and the woman I spoke with the next morning had no clue what I was talking about. Frustrated, I left without the receipt. the next day my friend informed me that she had a $346 pending charge on her card. When she called to speak with Anna, she informed my friend that they had to &quot;hold&quot; the amount of each card before she found out I would be paying for each room. She never made a note or action to have that removed from her card. My friend now has to wait 3 days for that money to be available to her.The incompetence of the front desk was enough not to go back unfortunately.	
Jul 23 2009 	Worth nothing more than the priceline rate	I stayed here the other night. When you walk up, you rarely see anyone at the front door waiting to welcome you. Once you walk in the lobby, it is so dark you could fall asleep and there is no one ever in the lobby. The rooms are fine for an overnighter but nothing more. I asked to speak to the concierge 6 times and every time I asked, I was told the concierge was not working that day! I paid $115+tax so I dont have much to complain about. For the price, you can't go wrong but if you're looking for something with personal attention, you won't find it here. In addition, the hotel is horribly dark and I have great eyesight and I could hardly see anything.	
Jul 23 2009 	great hotel great location	very impresive hotelvery kind stuffthe best location in ny for tourist	
Jul 23 2009 	First Time Won't Be the Last Time	Stayed at The Royalton for two nights from July 16-18. While I have tended to use a hotel closer to Central Park on a regular basis, I selected the Royalton this time as it was the closest to a midtown meeting site that I would be heading to on the fly from the airport. It was booked through Quikbook. This was my first time at The Royalton and it was a great stay, especially so for the rate. A very pleasant welcome at the door and reception. Helpful explanations of where things could be found in the hotel and how they were accessed. A well-designed and outfitted room (a Standard Queen) that of very good Manhattan size for one person and would manage two well also. Simply one of the best showers I've ever had in Manhattan, where there's often issues with pressure, temperature, drainage or all three at once - not so here, and a great rainfall showerhead and hotel toiletries to boot. The location is excellent, on 44th just east of 6th Avenue, with Fifth and Madison Avenue shops close at hand and Times Square an easy walk the other way. The 42nd Street station is five minutes west and Grand Central Station five minutes east, so subway connection is great. The iconic Public Library is just around the corner, as well as Bryant Park if you're into an outdoor cafe atmosphere.Didn't have an opportunity to try either the restaurant or bar this time around but will definitely add The Royalton to the short list of hotels to consider when next visiting NYC.	
Jul 20 2009 	Gets better every time !	What can I say - I love this hotel !!! From the welcome at the front door, the efficient staff at reception and general ambiance of the place as soon as you walk in. I couldn't have asked for more. The room was fantactsic (reasonably sized for NYC) and the bathroom excellent. All amenities/technology are on hand. Great location for my office (Times square) and evenings out and about. All the staff made every effort to make the the stay more comfortable. From David and Joel on the door (who made sure my guests were looked after) to Justin (He makes a wicked Capirinha) on the Bar, they were all personable but professional in every way. It was nice to stay somewhere that was not as pretentious as other hotels I've stayed at in NYC (Inclusding your sister hotel the Hudson). Only downside was having to use the fitness room to change before setting off fo the airport late Thursday.... Other than that would recommend this hotel to anyone who likes good service and funky vibe. Will be returning in the near future for sure.	
Jul 19 2009 	Good... not great.	The Royalton, whilst possessing an impressive lobby and foyer, is aimed at a younger and trendy crowd. The lifts were TINY, just enough for 4 people to fit with 1 suitcase. The hallways are narrow and curved, (difficult for suitcases) kind of like a ship, with port hole type plaques on the doors. The rooms are very small, (and I mean small), but what do you expect for New York? The location is very good. Next to Broadway and fantastic shopping. Walking distance to most attractions. The attitude of staff was unappreciated (Very snobby and made us feel slightly unwelcome). Nonetheless, our stay in New York was still amazing, we didn't spent a lot of time in the hotel anyway!	
Jul 17 2009 	Wonderful experience	There is not a bad thing I can say about this gorgeus hotel. The rooms are large for NYC standards and the bed was superb. The staff was totally friendly and responded to our every need. My husband and I stayed there for a quick romantic getaway and I am just now getting around to writing this review. I have a reservation to stay there in a few weeks and am bringing the kids this time. I cannot wait to show them the city and this is the perfect hotel to stay in. It will be extra special for us because we will be celebrating a birthday.	
Jul 17 2009	Location Perfect	Five of my work colleagues and i stayed here for 4 nights in July and we thought the hotel was in the perfect location to see NY for such a short period - the rooms are very decadent and spacious and the reception and lobby area was beautiful, very modern although a bit on the dark side! Very Clean hotel, friendly staff and a relaxed and cosmopolitan feel - drinks at the bar are pretty pricey though but it is a great place to start your night. Would definitely recommend it to all travellers!!	
Jul 13 2009 	WOW	The Royalton is a very trendy, upscale hotel with a staff that is out of this world. When you first enter the hotel it appears dark but give it a few minutes and you will find its African theme with black leather couches inviting you to sit and socialize. Both our parties stayed in standard rooms and from the minute you step into your room you know this is a &quot;luxury&quot; hotel.	
Jul 3 2009 	Unique Hotel - can't fault it	This hotel was absolutely brilliant. I stayed here with my Husband for the first part of our honeymoon and i can't rate it higher. Having been to Manhattan on several other occasions, this was by far the best for price, service, cleanliness, and sheer character that i have stayed at. Be warned this is a unique hotel, with a lot of style and character which may not be to everyone's liking. The corridors and reception areas are deliberately dark, and the rooms are sparsely decorated, but we loved it. The furnishings are spotlessly clean, you have everything you need. Even with a view of the back of other buildings, there was little that could spoil this hotel for us. The location is just prefect, couldn't ask for better, smack bang in the middle of town but in a quiet (for NY) street. It's two block away from times square and accross the road from all the designer boutiques on 5th.We looked at several other luxury hotels when booking and when we were out in NY and i'm so pleased we went for this, the cheaper option as it was fantastic. Will definitely be returning.Oh and the bed was superb, best night's sleep i'd had in years.	
Jun 30 2009 	I'll be back!	Thought I'd try the Royalton again after having stayed at the Hudson and later at Morgans while the Royalton was being renovated. It was a good decision The lounge looks entirely different but the atmosphere largely the same. I loved the big tub in my bathroom, the TV and the oh so comfortable bed. Just as important, the staff was great -- efficient, helpful and friendly (especially Clay and Angel). The only thing I wasn't impressed with was the restaurant, but there are enough good restaurants in the vicinity to choose from. So in the future I'll think I'll just stick to having a glass of wine and the sublime deep fried artichokes in the lounge.	
Jun 23 2009 	On 44th between 6th and 5th...	I have stayed on this street a few times, it's near the theater district and Times Square but not too close to the carnival atmosphere that abounds there non stop. I wanted to try The Royalton out, hoping it would not be one of those, oh so grooovy tiny roomed joints that you are suppose to be happy in a cell because the lobby is so hip. I was delighted that this was not the case. My room was very comfortable nicely appointed with a great bathroom with a truly great shower, bed very comfortable and with a hip lobby...loved my stay and shall return.	
Jun 18 2009 	More than expected!	This hotel was more than I could have ever expected. The service was unmatched. They were there for everything we needed or wanted. The ambiance in the hotel is very chic and modern. The have music playing at all times. I read other reviews saying it is to loud, but it did not bother me at all! I loved it. It contributed to the charm of the hotel. You cannot hear it or street noise in the room. Except for the occasional siren from a police or ambulance. However, I think we only heard it twice the whole week.The rooms are HUGE! Much bigger than your normal New York City hotel. I was very impressed. The sofa is perfect for a child to sleep on if you are not worried about them falling off. My daughter is 10 so that was not a factor for us. The carpet is very clean. THE BEDS ARE HEAVEN! The matresses and bedding were just yummy. We did not want to leave just because of the bedding.Loved the lounge. We sat by a fire while waiting for our car service to take us to the airport. The location is great, very close to everything. You can walk anywhere you need to go. We did not use the Metro as much as last time we were in NYC.Cannot speak to the restaurant or the bar. DO NOT MISS THIS WONDERFUL HOTEL EXPERIENCE!!!	
Jun 15 2009 	Great Location - wonderful trip!	We just got back from NYC. We stayed 3 nights at the Royalton. What a great location. Right at 44th and 5th....walking distance to Time Square, Central Park, 5th Ave and not too far to SoHo and the village etc. Service was excellent and the staff couldn't have been more helpful. The room was very nice and modern. The only complaint would be that the bathroom was a bit small in that there wasn't a lot of counter space but really not a big issue. Wonderful roomy shower. All in all a fantastic stay and would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jun 10 2009 	Fabulous Boutique Hotel in great location	I loved the Roylaton and it's moody, dark and elegant feel.On a practical note I found the 'mood lighting' a little too dark in the room and sometimes just wanted a bit more light when getting ready to go out.Great location and service. I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
May 30 2009 	Modern but not minimal... Good for a night out in the city	It had been about 3 years since a visit to a Morgans Hotel Group property (previous visit was to the Mondrian in WeHo). The visit to the Royalton for the night of 5/29 started out well with a front desk staff member who was personable and genuine. The room (#1006) was queen bedded with fireplace and soaking tub. The room feels a little small, but not cramped; great space utilization and much attention to detail (lighted cubbies next to the bed, candles, Bose sound dock for iPod, beautiful mirrored mosaic tile for soaking tub surround, etc). I also greatly appreciate hotels that avoid using a mini-bar with sensors as it allowed enough extra room to store 2 energy drink cans that we'd arrived with. The lobby bar area was enjoyable, though not really a place people interacted with strangers; most came in groups and kept to themselves. The property was modern and stylish but not pretentious... all the staff members were pleasant.Some areas that could be improved upon include:1) The bed overall felt a little minimal, in contrast to the rest of the hotel experience. My benchmark is generally the bedding at the Four Seasons and this bed did disappoint a bit. That said, I appreciate that we all have different preferences when it comes to a hotel bed. Pillows all seemed quite firm. I inquired upon checkout for future knowledge as to whether different pillows would be available if I called down. I was told both foam and feather pillows are available, but not sure if there's a variety in terms of the firmness.2) There were two small closets to the left immediately upon entering the room. While they are organized and adequately sized for a short trip, there are no lights in the closets and the entryway lighting doesn't fully illuminate the closet space.3) Not much counter space at the sink, though I think it's intentional so as not to take away from the effect of the fully mirrored angled surround for the sink area.4) No evening turndown service. This was a surprise since I guess I expected it to be customary for this class of hotel.Overall, the experience was good and the pleasant staff offset some of the shortcomings of the room.	
May 4 2009 	Nice hotel	Booked an alcove suite on the 4th floor. Nice room. Closet is tiny and not suitable for a longer stay. Bathroom spacious and the bath is gigantic. Fireplace with candle is a nice touch. Only complaint would be that it was extremely noisy due to the construction work being done outside the hotel and no soundproofing. A complaint at the front desk didnt help.	
Apr 28 2009 	Luxurious with excellent sound-proofing	I think of this hotel as underrated because a leading travel web site recently demoted it from 4 and a half stars to 4, and it is in my view at least a 4 and a half-star hotel. The location is unbeatable for tourists - close to Times Square and transportation hubs but off on a side street hence quiet. As to the hotel itself, the rooms are extremely well-appointed and I found the staff unfailingly courteous and helpful throughout. It has some artistic flourishes which may add confusion or mystique, depending on your view, as initially it is hard to find the check-in desks and the elevators because somehow they are worked into the decor - and the hotel is not well-identified on the outside - but it is certainly elegant. Best of all, the rooms seem to be very well sound-proofed. When I approached my room late one night the sounds of a loud party were audible in the hallway emanating from the neighboring room and I was very much concerned. Yet I when I got into my room and closed the door I would not have known there was loud partying next door, and this degree of sound-proofing is, I believe, very welcome and also somewhat rare. I would love to stay at the Royalton again any time.	
Apr 22 2009 	Fantastic atmosphere and unique style rooms	This hotel is by far, one of the most unique and relaxing hotels I've stayed in. When you enter the hotel, you literally feel like you've just entered relaxation mode. You forget the hussle and bussle from outside and the lighting and huge fireplace just put you into a new and relaxed mood. The lobby area has a great bar and lounge seating everywhere, what a great place to hang out and meet up with others.Check in was a bit slow, but hey, you're in relaxation mode, right! The hotel has all dimmed lighting, the elevators are quick, but small. The rooms are big for NY, comfortable beds, great desk area, flat screens that tilt to where ever you are sitting.The bathrooms are very modern, no tub, just the full glass shower. Great shower head, I could have stood there all day! Amenities are wonderful, different soaps to choose from, hair dryer, separate makeup area.Again, the lounge area was the best I've ever experienced. The restaurant was just as great too. I recommend the fried artichokes and the lamb chops!	
Apr 21 2009 	Trendy Modern Hotel	My husband and I stayed here when he was in NY for business. We enjoyed this hotel. The rooms and bathroom were modern, sleek and clean. The room was not large but very quiet and comfortable. The hotel lobby and hallways are a little dark but I enjoyed it cause it added to the modern look it is going for. The lobby bar has excellent drinks and a relaxng fireplace to chill by. Also excellent location being in walking distance to Times Square. The only negative, which is not owned by the hotel, is the expensive of the parking garage next door. You also need to leave your key so you wait for the car when u are ready to leave.	
Apr 20 2009 	Excellent Honeymoon at the Royalton	This is an excellent hotel as the below traveller mentioned outside it looks like an old building but inside its a different world it is trendy modern and edgy if you don't do modern dont stay here as you will not enjoy it!I have stayed in design hotels all over the world and I would say this is the best and I will give you a quick run down:Bedroom:We stayed in a queen size room it was a very large room with a queen sized bed we had a view of the enternal court yard / restaurant and had the hudge 4ft bath! The bath is amazing and the bed is very comfy the room was spotless and the maid even comes in and does a turn down service. Whilst we was in NYC we did experience very heavy rain so after a quick cal to reception someone came up and lit the fire in our room which was very romantic and also gave us the opportunity to dry our clothes!Bar:The bar is expensive compared to bars on time square but it is very much an experience the staff are really friendly and have a good laugh and enjoy there jobs you will meet lots of interesting people in the bar trust me! If you want a quiet drink in the bar go there on a Friday or Saturday strangly enough it was empty!Location:You couldn't fault the location two blocks away from timesquare and in the shaddow of the rockafella centre absoulutly amazing!I would recommend this hotel to people who like something different and want to be impressed! If you want me to answer any questions I am more than happy please message me :o)	
Apr 17 2009 	Private Funky Oasis	If you want something out of the ordinary, hip, with a touch of romance, then stay at The Royalton. The outside looks old and proper. However, going through the double doors transforms you to another world. The hotel's location is easy to navigate Manhattan and Grand Central subway station is an easy walk away. I personally loved the soaking tub, candles and THE BED. The only noise I experienced was in the morning when other guests were exiting their rooms and hearing their doors close.I stayed three nights in NYC and each night I stayed at a different hotel (I felt adventurous!). This hotel was booked through Priceline at $100/night and was my least expensive and most favorite. I look forward to coming back with my husband, even if I have to pay full price.	
Apr 15 2009 	Trendy but noisy!	The foyer is very cool. Fire, Fur rugs, candles, dark walls, gothic style doors... nearly a bit spooky looking until you sit down with a good cocktail and watch the beautiful people prance up and down the bars and corridors. This hotel is quiet pretentious but the staff are so helpful. They also have a really good concierge to direct you to the best hot spots of new york. He also got us a reservation to a really good restaurant that usually has a month waiting list for a table! The rooms are smail, but what from i have learned, all new york hotel rooms are. The corridors feel like your walking in a dream.... curvy and dark. We had a balcony in our room where we could sit and watch the famous N.Y skyline. The restaurant had good food and wine, but a bit stuffy.	
Apr 12 2009 	Excellent location	I had a standard room with soaking tub that I got through Priceline at a great price. Walking in to the hotel feels like walking into a trendy bar, which is definitely not my scene, but I always found the staff to be friendly.Like many others have said, the lobby, elevators and hallways are dark, but the lighting was fine in the room. My room (1019) faced an air shaft or the back of buildings so it was very dark, but I spent little time during the day in the room and there was almost no street noise, so that was a plus for me. One night there was noise from another room but I turned on the fan and the white noise took care of it. The room was kind of musty but I really only noticed it when I would first walk in. The room size was fine - it was a little tight maneuvering between the desk and coffee table to get to the closet but it was fine for me. I could see, though, that if there were two people staying the room with a lot of luggage that it would be a tight squeeze. The bed was fine and I loved the down comforter but there was no top sheet - is this standard at the Royalton? I discovered this right when I was going to bed so I didn't want to deal with it then and it turned out fine so I never asked about it. But in warmer weather it would be an issue.The shower had excellent water pressure and I thought there was plenty of room in the bathroom. I found the tub to be a little awkward to get in and out of so if you don't plan on using the soaking tub, you might want to request a room with just a shower.I found the TV channels to be a little limited and some of them were snowy (they were analog channels). The wireless internet worked fine (I was able to watch videos from Hulu). I would have appreciated it if the room had more information, like how to use their internet service, which TV channels were available, whether or not there are charges for local telephone calls, info about area attractions and restaurants, etc. The room and bath were clean, except for when I moved the ottoman/footstool, the carpet was dirty underneath. The banquette looked kind of worn but it was comfortable enough for reading and watching TV.The location was great - could walk to Rockefeller Center, Times Square, St. Paul's, the subway, International Center for Photography and more.	
Apr 5 2009 	Trendy Elegance with a touch of Weirdness in Midtown NYC	This is a strange hotel in the middle of New York City, on a popular street pretty close to everything. I say it is weird because it is a very narrow building and is not marked outside, so you can walk right past it if you are looking at the other hotels across the street. The ancient Algonquin, City Club and Iriquois Hotels are all in the same area.My Priceline rate was $100 a night, plus fees and taxes which brought the two night charges to $245.77. This is a really good price for this hotel in this location and I walked from the Bryant Park airport bus stop two blocks south. Between 5th and 6th Avenues at 44th street, the hotel is in a great spot.The hotel is part of the little known Morgan Chain of properties which prides itself on the unusual, I think. I got the booking though Priceline and it is rated as 4 Stars, which I think it deserves, especially given the posted prices which are in the $500-700 a night category. Does the hotel measure up to others that demand these prices? Probably, but at these prices, it is great.For anyone going to New York City for the first time, it is usually a shock to discover that the city and state nail visitors as much as 25% in taxes, fees and anything else they can think of to add on to a hotel bill, so it is always smart to consider this before you accept a quoted hotel charge without the fees and add-on costs.My room was certainly elegant, but had a lousy view of nothing but nearby roomtops. The bath and amenities were superb and bedding, linens and lighting excellent. Large flat screen TV was great. The hotel sells everything (all kinds of stuff) in each room, from large contianers of the shampoo and body lotions to tee shirts, hats and &quot;intimacy kits&quot; in two versions. Refreshments, such as nuts, wines, etc. have the usual exorbitant markup. Staff at check-in and check out were great. Bell staff were helpful and freindly.The lobby, with Bar 44 and a large lounge area, was very popular and busy both nights. This entire area, (lobby and ground floor facilities), is very dark and, while not depressing, reminds one more of a night club rather than hotel lobby. This is not a problem, but I do not think the hotel is a great place for families as it's too &quot;up scale&quot; or sophisticated to appeal to children.At this price, I would go back again, but at posted rates, it is not a hotel I would choose.	
Apr 3 2009 	Ignore the bad reviews this place is great	I travel roughly 40% of the time, and stay in hotels from awful to 5 star. The Royalton's 3 stars are fully earned. To address the negative things I've read; yes, the place is dimly lit. It's intentional. We liked it. The service was always attentive and friendly. The lobby is very atmospheric, and, for sure, the place is edgy. The elevators are small, but nicely done. The rooms are fully sized by NYC standards, and are immaculate and very attractive. I would return here in a heartbeat. The location is excellent. Umbrellas are provided in guest rooms as are IPod docks. Our room had a sucky view, but, for the rate we got, I'm not complaining. Anyone who gives the negative reviews this hotel received any serious thought can easily dispel any concerns by personally touring this property.	
Apr 1 2009 	Amazing!	My friend and I booked this place after doing our research and reading up on TripAdvisor. We weren't disappointed. It has an air of understated elegance about it and has got the most fantastic location - somehow both quiet and right in the middle of the action!We thought that because it was a boutique hotel the staff might be a little snooty, but they went out of their way to help us. Our flight over was cancelled and we couldn't get to New York until the next day, but when we called up, they just made a note on the file and said they'd look forward to seeing us the next day. This was appreciated because they were fully within their rights to charge us for that night.When we got to the hotel, they had put us in the wrong sort of room, but moved us with profuse apologies once we pointed this out. The concierge was happy to make recommendations and reservations for us.The room was quite small, but it was beautiful. Candles and little postcards on brackets around the room and the most amazing beds with the best pillows ever. No surprise that we fell asleep the afternoon we arrived and slept through to the next day!I agree with the comments made before about the 'atmospheric' lighting, and it was sometimes difficult to find our room in the dark corridor, but this IS a trendy hotel - not totally unexpected. I imagine this is why it's such a hit with celebrities - no-one would ever be able to make them out in the dark!Overall an amazing stay - will rave on about this place to anyone who will listen (and lots who won't, as well!)	
Mar 30 2009 	Another great stay at the Royalton	This hotel is beautifully designed and centrally located...we recently stayed 2 nights with our kids in a deluxe double. Great service starting with the doormen and onto everyone else. Room was very clean with nice toiletries, rain shower and tub. It's great to be able to return to such a lively lobby after a night out on the town!....Can't wait to stay again...	
Mar 30 2009 	Terrible just terrible	This hotel was absolutely awful. The worst thing for anyone with low vision is the fact that they have what the bellman called &quot;recession lighting.&quot; It was so dark that I could not see a thing from the time I entered the front door until I got to the room. There was almost no light in the hallways. The room was also very, very small compared to other hotels in the area that charge as much for a room. I had to get a room in another hotel right away - I was that worried about my safety.	
Mar 28 2009 	Fabulous hotel	My husband and I got this hotel off priceline and weren't sure what to expect. This hotel is fantastic and at our priceline price, we felt we hit the jackpot. We had a shock when we got into the lobby because it's so chic and fancy but once we got over that, checked in and went to our room, we were so thrilled. The room is far bigger than many of the new york hotels we've stayed in, so no complaints. Extremely clean and well-designed. The bathroom is lovely and the shower came with a super luxurious rainshower. We loved the toiletries too. Lots of pillows and super comfortable bed. I fell asleep so easily, this is difficult for someone who is picky about the places she sleep in and usually get insomnia out of home. Service is top-notch, very impressed!	
Mar 26 2009 	great location	Great location few minutes walk to times square, and many other attractions for e.g. fifth avenue, rock fellar centre and central park. Lovely hotel, beautiful interior and overall good service some of the bar staff are very rude. Very exspensive for e.g. bar and dining. Nice diner opposite hotel called red dragon great for breakfast excellent price !!!	
Mar 21 2009 	Fantastic hotel in a great location	This hotel was great. Stayed 3 nights. Excellent, attentive, service. Really nice room with a magnificent bathroom. Not the largest room you will ever see but certainly big enough for us, with great bed, sofa and desk. Room kept impeccably clean and serviced. Plentiful supply of luxury toiletries.The lobby bar area is very attractive, but watch out for the expensive drinks: one bottle of beer and one small white wine cost $28 with tax / service etc...!! That however was the only negative thing I could say about the Royalton.	
Mar 19 2009 	I wish I'd brought my rubber duck	My partner and I stayed at the Royalton for two nights in February. I'd requested a Deluxe King but on arrival we were told we'd been upgraded to a Loft Suite with a HUGE 5ft round bath tub and fireplace. To be honest we spent most of our stay in the bath! Our room wasn't huge but was definitely comfortable and functional - great comfy bed and amazingly soft pillows! The staff were friendly and there was always a great atmosphere in the lobby - I'd definitely reccommend the bar.Room service was very overpriced which I suppose we should have expected - but if you're paying $20 for coffee and a muffin for breakfast you don't want to be told that you have to pay 15% service charge and $5 delivery charge on top of that.We requested at reception on our last night to have our fire lit when we got in. Our phone was ringing when we reached the room, it was the head of facilities saying that they couldn't light our fire that night because they had run out of fake logs or something, which we were slightly disappointed by. However they then brought up about 20 little oil lamp candles which they lit in our fireplace instead which was lovely - great attention to detail. The hotel is really in the centre of it all although the road it's on it's quite quet and unassuming but you're less than a block from 5th and a short stroll to Times Square.	
Mar 4 2009 	From Sheik to Sleeze	I just returned from the Royalton Hotel in NYC. This entire hotel from the entrance, to your room, to the elevators, down to the hallways was in one word... claustrophobia. The hallways cannot accommodate 2 people to walk in opposite directions comfortably, the rooms have no walking space, the bathtubs and windows were not of normal size but narrowed, the elevators only fit around 3 or 4 skinny peeople and in a nut shell the darkness makes it feel sleazy.I awoke in my room and had a hard time catching my breath. (I do not have any troubles with my respiratory system). The rooms air was stale and damn hot. I went downstairs and exited to go outside - it was 2am. I needed some water and forgot about the fridge upstairs. There was no staff around whatsoever but there were people on the couches making out and drunken people walking around and out of the hotel. It was very bizarre and weird. No staff whatsoever anywhere in site just people clothed on top of each other kissing. Was I in some kind of brothel or a hotel? Finally when I did finally find a staff person he told me the hotel did not have any bottled water and if Id like he could go down to the corner store and buy me some water for $10??? Are you serious? A hotel that charges over $200/night but have no water to offer their paying clients. Santa must then come on his sleigh and with his big body fit down one of your narrowed openings and restock the water in all the rooms fridges upstairs. I was really shocked at the sleaziness of this place at only 2am in NYC and zero personnel in site. The dimness is not a plus but more of a detriment to this hotel if you ask me. It gives a dreary tired feel and after what Ive experienced I would never go back. If you have kids, run from this place and stay somewhere more respectable.	
Feb 21 2009 	Nothing bad to say...until check out	My husband and I booked a two night stay at the Royalton. The Morgans Group had emailed us a &quot;Buy One Night, Get One Free&quot; deal and we just had to take advantage of it. We paid less than $400 for our two night stay, which is unheard of in NYC. Our experience started on a positve note when &quot;Neil&quot; greeted us at the door, took our bags, walked us to check-in, then showed us to our complimentary upgraded room. The room was spacious with a queen bed, seating area, and a completely mirrored dressing room. There were no drawers in the room so we had to lay our clothes out or hang up as much as we could in the closet. Our room was located right in front of the elevators but we experienced minimal noise from it and no noise from any rooms nearby.Our only problem at the Royalton occurred as we were gathering our belongings to leave. I was applying my makeup (that I had kept in a makeup bag in my suitcase) and noticed that two of my products were missing. I had used these same two products the morning before, which was the first morning that we were at the Royalton. We searched the entire room and unfortunately, we couldn't find them. I religiously put all my products back in my makeup bag after I use them, even when I'm home. I have stayed at many hotels across the US and have never had any of my personal belongings taken from me. I was very disheartened to think someone went into my suitcase and took something from me. I did alert the front desk and though they were apologetic, there was nothing they could do. And since &quot;Lost and Found&quot; is run by the housekeeping department, my products have not surfaced and probably never will. If I ever stay here again, I would lock my suitcase up with ALL of my belongings.	
Jan 28 2009 	Christmas at the Royalton	Stayed at Royalton with sister the week before Christmas. The standard room was extremely small with 1 bed but after asking was moved to a larger room still with one bed but they gave us a roll away bed. The rooms with 2 beds were more expensive. The bathroom was fantastic, slate on the floors and walls, lots of mirrors. Room was very clean and up to date. Loved the hotel with one exception, there was absolutely NO Christmas lights or decorations anywhere inside or outside of the hotel.	
Jan 24 2009 	Stunning hotel	You just have to walk into the lobby of this hotel to be totally seduced. It's a very cool place to hang out, and if you can drag yourself away you have 5th Avenue and Times Square on your doorstep!	
Jan 21 2009 	Anniversary Getaway	I found the Roylaton here on Trip Advisor. I love this website since you get both the good and the bad reviews. I took into consideration the fact that some folks said the place was &quot;dark&quot; and decided to stay anyway. It is dark, in a romantic, chic sort of way. Not in a dark, &quot;we're trying to hide something&quot; manner.Upon arrival the doorman helped my husband unload the car while I went inside to check in. This all went very smoothe. The lobby was nice and the fireplace was very welcoming. The bar is small and simple, serving some of their own creations that looked delicious (we tried the bar out after check in just for review purposes, of course!). Our room was ready upon arrival so away we went to room 1203. The room was small, cozy really, perfect for two people. The bathroom was great with a fabulous shower. Most folks steal towels, however, I was opting for the shower head! The mini bar was fully stocked, a bit pricey for me, but aren't all mini bars? The bed was great, very comfortable, with a down comforter and plenty of pillows. We also had a balcony and had it been spring we would have spent a great deal of time outside watching the NYC sights. We took a few pics from the balcony and quickly decided it was too cold for people watching so we put our bottle of champagne out there to chill instead! I can't say enough about the service at this hotel. It was outstanding. NYC doesn't always have the friendliest staff at their hotels, however, I now have to reconsider when making that statement. Some examples: I thought the hairdryer was missing from the room (it was hidden in a bag hanging on the wall) so I called for another and it was there within 5 minutes. My husband had given me roses for our anniversary which I brought along for the trip to place in our room, however, I forgot the vase at home. I mentioned it to the staff and they brought one to our room. My husbands eggs didn't come prepared as he had requested at breakfast one morning so he asked the waiter to have the eggs recooked as ordered. The staff was very apologetic and brought him another plate, as well as a large bowl of fresh fruit to eat while he was waiting for the replacement. Check out was also easy. Our car came back from the garage without a long delay or damage. Most excellent service from the Royalton!!!I would like to mention one more thing about the location of the hotel. It was very easy to get to, we drove into the city via the Lincoln Tunnel. We did miss the hotel the first time down 44th but upon going around the block and looking a little harder for the hotel, we found it. The hotel is in a great location for walking to some of the major attractions such as 5th Avenue, Macy's, Rockefeller Center, and Radio City Music Hall. Put on your comfortable shoes, I didn't say they were close, just within walking distance.Thank you to the staff for making our 3rd Anniversary one to remember. I hope to stay at the Royalton again on our next trip to NYC.	
Jan 13 2009	Noise problem	I really like the rooms at the Royalton, especially the huge, round bathtub and shower. Comfortable beds and good lighting, even if a bit on the dark side. The breakfast is also pretty good. Unfortunately, they have only single-pane windows, and the noise from the street is absolutely intolerable. I could not sleep a wink all night for the constant noise of the garbage trucks on the street. A hotel of this calibre that charges this much for rooms (and tries so hard to be modern) has no excuse. The Morgans Hotel Group needs to invest in double-glazed windows to shut out excessive noise--not to mention the energy savings. Also, the hotel reception did not remember my companion, even though he had booked in the past, not only at the Royalton, but at several other Morgans hotels around the world.With so many other excellent options in NYC, the Royalton would not be my first choice.	
Jan 8 2009 	Stylish hotel great location and attentive service.	Arrived at the hotel on New Years Day. We were a little early to check in so the staff took our luggage and informed us when the room would be ready.The lobby and lounge is fantastic, very well designed with a funky fire. It is really dark and atmospheric. I hadn't looked into the hotel (my boyfriend booked it) so I didn't know what to expect but I was really impressed with the look and the staff as soon as we got there.The location is great (1 min from 5th Avenue, 3 mins from Times Square, 5 mins from the Library).Returned in the afternoon, along the dark, moody corridors to our room (on the 10th floor). The room was really comfortable. huge bed with lots of comfy pillows, sofa and coffee table area, desk, iPod dock, mini bar with extras (toiletries, clothes, adaptor) small wardrobe with safe, iron, dressing gowns and umbrella!Large flat screen TV on wall with adjustable arm to watch from bed, desk or sofa.I loved the bathroom, it looked great and was really well thought out with a seperate sink and make-up area. Hairdryer plus lots of great toiletries and candles. The bath was fantastic both to look at and to use - so big! The towells were of a great quality, realIy fluffy.We ate in the restaurant and the food was delicious - have the prawn cocktail starter. The staff were really attentive and professional.The hotel is on the expensive side but aside from the very pricey Pinot Noir, I think it is priced accordingly for the quality and service, it certainly felt like it during our stay.I would stay there again and definately reccommend it to friends although I think it is a very particular style and perhaps would seem to dark and mysterious for some people.The only slight negative is that at night we could hear the lift from our room. I think they should consider putting bubble bath in the room to go with the amazing bath!	
Jan 7 2009 	Never Disappointed at The Royalton	If there is any complaint I have about The Royalton, it is that it is almost impossible to find an affordable deal on a room here. It is my favorite hotel in New York City, and has been for the past 15 years. The comfort is perfect, the service staff incredibly efficient and helpful, the restaurant and bar always excellent. In the past, I had found the front desk staff indifferent and the doormen absent, but this trip we had a wonderful surprise and had all the help we needed with luggage and very, very nice and helpful front-desk personnel.	
Jan 3 2009 	Horrendous Service And Overall Not Worth The Money	Stayed at this hotel for a business trip. The service was horrendous. The staff appeared to care little about the guests of the hotel. For example..Tried to get a table for drinks in the bar. The tables were labeled 'reserved' and we weren't allowed to sit at them, despite the fact we would be buying many drinks and were paying guests at the hotel. They may not have known this because they didn't ask and didn't listen.Tried to get a coffee one morning in the bar for a business meeting. Despite promising to send someone to take an order, they didn't show up. Generally this was the whole experience of being there. We felt ignored, and I have no good memory of this place to mention, despite spending 4 nights there.The rooms were ok. The decor was good. The atmosphere was pretentious and unfriendly. The doormen &amp; receptionists on check-in were friendly, but good service stopped there.I have stayed at much nicer and higer rated hotels in New York before, and have always fantastic service. I would definitely not recommend the hotel for business let alone pleasure.	
Dec 29 2008 	Nice Renovation	Surprised to see this property show up on Hotwire, but it did for a November business trip to New York. I have stayed at the Royalton several times previously and have generally found it to be an acceptable, if a bit utilitarian boutique hotel. SInce my last visit however, they have done some extensive renovation work and modernizing of the rooms, which I thought made a big difference. Everything about the stay was solid - comfortable bed, quiet room, even a nice oversized bathroom. Staff was efficient and friendly, and the midtown location is convenient if not particularly charming. Would stay here again.	
Dec 26 2008 	Brilliant hotel	Me and my girlfriend have just returned from New York after 4 pre christmas days of shopping and general indulgance. The trip was awesome and was made all the better by the exellent Royalton hotel. The lobby and hallways in the hotel are very modern and classy and the room was very comfortable, a good size and the bathroom was beautiful.The staff were all friendly and helpfull and the location of the hotel could not be any better for the shops and times square.If someone had a knife to my throat and forced me to make one criticism of the place then i would say that the drinks in the bar were a bit expensive but what else do you expect in a posh hotel.If your are thinking about booking this hotel but are unsure because of some of the other comments then just book it cos trust me its brilliant!!!	
Dec 24 2008 	Something Different For a Change	If you are looking for the typical hotel with the grand well lit lobby, full of marble, and an expansive check-in desk then go somewhere else. This hotel is more than a place to sleep, it's an experience. You realize you are heading into a different type of space when you get to the doors. They look more like something off of an old prison. Once in the hotel you are disoriented. It is dark but it draws you in. You will not be able to see or find the check-in desk or elevators by looking around. You have to continue walking further into the space and look into every grotto on your right. On the left are intimate spaces where groups of people are enjoying music and cocktails. This experience continues into the elevators, down the halls and finally into your room. And what a room. Slate floors and showers, glass and chrome everywhere, and dimmers on every lightswitch to set the mood.I	
Dec 19 2008 	Awesome hotel great central location	Great hotel. I have stayed 3 times and it just seems to get better. It is located on 44th street (between 5th &amp; 6th street) so if you are in NY as a tourist, you cannot improve on this location. It is pretty much walking distance to everything. Central Park,/Columbus Circle, Saks, Rockafellar Centre, 5th Avenue shops/Plaza Hotel/Trump Tower etc etc. One day we walked from Greenwich Village to the hotel and it was a lovely walk through markets and green parks.The hotel is done in very dark muted tones in the common areas, which I didnt understand on my first stay, but later realised it was supposed to resemble a ship. Once you move into the hotel rooms, it is very modern with crisp white linens. The rooms sizes are fantastic compared with NY generally (even if you are staying in one of the bottom of the line rooms). Service if very good with a very high desire to assist and there are some fantastic restaurants nearby including db bistro just across the road.Would highly recommend this hotel to business travellers and tourists alike. It ticks all the boxes.	
Dec 12 2008 	LOVED Royalton	We stayed at The Royalton Hotel for a week in November - when we arrived, our room wasn't ready even though I had asked for an early check-in but the staff had a room made up for us immediately and we settled into an amazing room (even though it's just a standard room). The decor of the hotel is just divine - totally Philippe Stark. The location is literally less than 5 mins walk from Time Square. Very happy with the hotel and service and would definitely return.	
Dec 4 2008 	Too cool for school but fun to stay at least once	Booked this hotel same day through Hotwire for $200 and was pleasantly surprised. Midtown location is close enough to shopping and the entertainment district without being overwhelmingly chaotic. As someone who has the misfortune to have to stay in chain hotels about once every other month, I thought this was a refreshing change. They're definitely trying to make a statement with the absence of signage, dark lighting and grayish-blue tones throughout the hotel, including hallways and bedrooms. Service was good, room was very clean and bed was comfortable. Unless you are the kind of person who wants to spend half your day in a hotel room, I don't think you can go wrong with this place.	
Dec 2 2008 	Fantastic Honeymoon	This is a fantastic hotel.The service was great, the room (suite) was amazing and the luxury of the whole hotel was so good.They made us feel very special and my advice would be to book a suite if you can afford it as it was so worth it.	
Dec 1 2008 	If you are considering the Royalton - Don't	I have never been so disappointed with a hotel in my life. Having looked at their website &amp; 'reputation' we were really looking forward to the stay. However, it seems the staff here actually believe most of the hype that the hotel group has generated. From the moment the doorstaff watched my pregnant sister struggle with her suitcase up the stairs I knew this was going to be a nightmare.If you like battleship grey, can see in the dark and don't suffer from claustrophobia you will love the bedrooms. We upgraded &amp; still it was not much better. Even the 'suites' are small. One tip - don't take anything from the minibar, a half bottle of wine will set you back about $45, room service prices are worse. Look to pay $60 for two coffees, orange &amp; two small danish pastries.One of the reasons we booked was for the '44' bar downstairs. I would have loved it if we could actually have got a table there. Not because the place was so busy, but because the bar manager places 'reserved' cards on all of the bar tables every night meaning residents can't get a place to sit, but regulars are well catered for. To be honest there are two better bars on the street anyway where you can actually see your drink &amp; get a smile from the staff.All in all for 'Boutique' replace with ripoff hotel. The service is poor, rooms awful &amp; standard of fittings very poor. Take my advice, for the same money book a proper four/five star hotel like the Sofitel, Jumiera Essex House or Hilton.	
Nov 16 2008 	Nice but I don't plan to return	My husband and I stayed there for one night due to an international flight layover. It was very hip and had a contemporary design. Overall the staff was very helpful and friendly. My concerns are that the hotel is very dark. The hallways, lobby and rooms are all very dark. The room was clean although it was not the room that I had requested. I had reserved a higher level room but we were so exhausted from traveling that we didn't bother trying to change rooms. So I don't know how this would have been handled if we had requested a change. It was a nice enough experience but there are so many other great hotels in New York that are in the same price range. I think we will probably try a different hotel next time.	
Nov 12 2008 	Nothing to complain	We stayed at the Royalton for two nights in November of 2008. We had a Standard Room which we had booked through Hotwire the week before.Check-in was a breeze. The front desk employees are very nice and helpful. Our luggage was delivered to our room without problems within 10 minutes of us checking in (our luggage had been checked with the valet for the day as we arrived very early in the morning).Although some have complained about the darkness, we thought it went well with the urban/modern ambiance the hotel projects.The room was clean, spacious and contrary to the rest of the hotel, very well light. The concierge was very helpful in suggesting restaurants as well as booking us a broadway show.LOCATION was amazing. Within 1 minute walking distance to 5ht avenue and its shopping and within 1 minute walking distance to the middle of Times Square. Can't ask for anything better if you are doing the first-timer New York tourist thing. In all, we travel quite frequently and have stayed in many hotels, good and bad. In this case, we found the Royalton hotel to be quite impressive, especially considering their relatively low rates for their location compared to the Sofitel and the Algonquin located directly across the street, and would recommend it to anyone considering it.	
Oct 10 2008 	Almost there...	On the surface, the Royalton Hotel, in New York City is exactly your dream of what a luxe boutique hotel steps from Times Square should be. During much of the day the door is staffed by hip 20 somethings dressed as casually fashionable as guests of the hotel lobby's very popular Bar 44. The understated check-in desk is easy to overlook - especially during a busy evening, and is across from the equally unobtrusive concierge desk, look for someone sitting alone with a black MacBook. The criticisms of the hotel being dark are well founded and while at night this darkness can be seen as mysterious, during the day it is reminiscent of being subterranean.Finding the check-in desk turned out to be far less challenging than actually checking-in. Having already found out our stay, part of a package booked in August, had been unexplainably cancelled the day before on the phone, we were told again that our booking had been cancelled and that there were no notes on the account. Standing there with our bags, after a 6 hour connecting flight we assured him we had not done that. Finding us a standard, we had booked a deluxe, room for one night and deluxe room for the next allowed us to put the situation behind us and we were told that we would change rooms in the afternoon. In the morning, the person working the check-desk had no idea what we were talking about and there were no notes on the account. Sensing a pattern, we proceeded with our day pushing the nagging 'wonder if we have a room tonight' feeling out of our heads. After even more confusion upon our return in the afternoon, 'no notes on the account' we were assured, we moved to the deluxe for our final night. The standard room, though very small, was chic, with a comfortable bed, quality sheets, desk, sofa and LCD TV. Unlike the lobby and the hallways the room could be well lit and included such touches as dimmers and candles. At first blush the indulgently sized bathroom really impresses with floor to ceiling slate walls, glassed-in shower and floating counters made of thick cut glass. But despite all the attention to design I still stood in an inch of water because of poor drainage and the improper slant of the shower floor.The deluxe room shared its counterpart's stylish design and aesthetics, minus the sofa, offered more room to walk around and significantly more natural light. In addition, the deluxe room had a wood burning fireplace, that despite not using, imbued the air with a rather woodsy scent. The bathroom, another decant use of space, used an abundance of mirrors, mirrored tiles, slate, angles and lighting to create an oasis to charge-up or unwind in the oversized circular tub. I was again disappointed to stand in an inch of water while I showered and to see the need for re-grouting and calking in the corners of such a new renovation.Separately the issues with the Royalton would be attributable to wrong place wrong time, combined they seem indicative of poor management. The Royalton's proximity to the pulse of New York City cannot be over exaggerated, its style and elegance is stuff of movies, and there are truly many staff that could make your stay, but I cannot help to imagine what it would be with a bit more effort.	
Oct 9 2008 	Great Location Comfor 	Located in Midtown NYC (44th St between 5th &amp; 6th Ave) EVERYTHING is close by. Walking distance to the best shopping in the world (5th Ave &amp; Madison Ave) &amp; 2 blocks away from Broadway &amp; Times Square, location is the best. We got a suite with a lot of space, fireplace, King Bed, desk, seating area &amp; an amazing bath, equipped with a huge rounded bathtub enough for three people ( a luxury that not many hotels in NYC can offer) at a fantastic rate. Service was very friendly and ready to help (front desk, concierge &amp; bellboys knew our names, helped us at all our requests promptly and nicely and housekeeping was a perfect 10 score).My travel companion booked the room directly with them and got a great rate just because he is a frequent guest. This hotel will be my first choice on my future trips to NYC.	
Oct 4 2008 	Amazing Hotel	Stayed for 5 nights with my best friend on my first trip to NY and her 3rd. First off, for all the ppl that complain about room size... this is NY, expect rooms to be smaller in most hotels. Our room was on the small side but for what it lacked in space it MORE than made up for in style and comfort! Everything was in a convenient spot and of great quality. The bed.... omg the bed.... I almost wish that the city was boring so I could lie in it all day! So cushy and warm and just so luxurious! We loved all the extra pillows too, definitely added to the lie-down-and-never-want-to-get-up feel. There were 3 phones in our room, which we first thought was weird, but it actually worked with one right next to the bed (lazy calls), one at the desk, and one in the bathroom. We used every one at some point. Request a room with the amazing mirrored tile bathtub! It's huge and so beautiful. We also loved the glass shelf across from the sink for us to put our toiletries on, The closet was surprisingly deep and we were able to fit two suitcases and all our dresses in it. The window looked out to a brick wall, but we didn't care since we were only in our room to pretty much sleep and get ready to go out! The ipod dock was a super smart touch, we had many the dance party in that room and the system has great sound quality! The TV is a sleek plasma and can swivel so you can watch movies in bed after a long day/night out. The housekeeping staff was incredible, left everything spotless every day, and even mailed my hair straightener to me after I had left it! We never had a problem with lighting either, they even have a light-up vanity mirror in the bathroom that gives more than enough light. The hallway smelled slightly of cigarette smoke, but it was so faint and didn't ever come into our room so it was barely noticeable. The bellboys were some of the friendliest men we had ever met and half addressed us by our first names, which was a very nice touch! They all wear black and look like bar staff, so we were a little confused at first, but after seeing the hotel, it all makes sense and works very well. The front desk staff was friendly as well and helped us with any concern that we had. The concierge is great for making reservations at restaurants! They know the best spots and the best times to go. The location is perfect as well, just far away enough from Times Square to be able to breathe, but a very close 5 min walk away! (About 2 long blocks).There's little delis, corner stores, casual restaurants, and fine dining, all within a block of the hotel. Also, go half a block East and you're on 5th Ave! 2 blocks down you have Bryant Park, home to Fashion Week! There always seems to be something going on there. We loved getting pastries and fruit from the deli and then having our breakfast at one of the many little tables under the gigantic trees there! We did find that we ended up spending most of our time in the village, there's so much more culture and a real sense of NY. It's about a $10 cab away, we were so surprised and happy at how cheap cabs are! Overall, this place is a great find and we were so lucky to have stayed there for $250 a night! Left tons of extra money for shopping and shows!	
Oct 1 2008	Great Hotel	I was truly impressed with the level of service I received during my recent stay at The Royalton. The staff was friendly and extremely helpful, some of them even took a personal interest in our stay there - providing newspaper articles regarding the special event we came to NY to see. The Hotel was beautiful, clean, and very easy to navigate. The bed was very comfy, and my room was huge. The shower was also fantastic. I ordered room service breakfast the last day I was there, and I have to say (and I have had many a room service breakfast in a great hotels) that this was the best hotel breakfast I have ever eaten! I regret not eating more at the hotel.Overall, I would say it was a very postive experience, and I would love to stay there again!	
Sep 28 2008 	Beds not acceptable for this price (but love the decor)	The Royalton is a beautiful hotel--the renovations in the lobby are great. The front desk staff was very good--some of the most personable I've been around. However, given the prices, the stay really isn't worth it. We paid $449 (before tax) for a Superior room, on a weekend. The room was running $749 on a Thursday (think how this compares to your mortgage payment. And this was just the 2nd level room--not close to the most expensive.) At these prices, the experience should be perfect. No matter how nice the front desk staff is, no matter how beautiful the lobby is, or some of the elements of the room, this place is not worth that price.The reason--The beds--hard. The sheets were rough, as if over starched. I've had better sheets in a Hampton..at much less per night. They were scratchy, crinkled. Not posh at all.The toilet paper is rough. The halls are noisy. There was a birthday party in the room near us...going on until 2am...with cigarette smoke wafting in. (did I call the front desk--no since 1--the desk should be verifying people are guests before they go up, and 2--I had a food poisoned partner I was taking care of (not the fault of the hotel)...I didn't have time to argue with a night clerk.) Doors slamming until 2am. There was a fireplace in the room. How to use it? Don't know since there were no instructions in the room. Wireless internet? How to use? Don't know--again, no instructions in the room. (why should I have to call the front desk? I'm paying you a fortune...don't waste my time having to call up and wait.)But there was a menu of all of the items for sale in the room, as well as info on the other Morgans hotels, and the minibar pricing...which was good to know since on check out I was charged $38 for mini bar usage I didn't use...and none of the items I was charged for matched anything on the list (and they never told me what the items were.)Yes, they corrected it, and indicated that there was a problem. But I had to call to correct. At these prices? At $449 (or think of paying over $700/night for this--I doubt they gave you better sheets)--this is totally unacceptable. I love the style at the Royalton. Take a look at the photos--very cool place. But I can't recommend this place anymore at these prices. Their in-room quality doesn't justify it. Check out other hotels for a better bed and a better night's sleep--you won't be as trendy, but you won't have those nasty bags under your eyes.	
Sep 19 2008	Poor choice for business travelers	I chose the Royalton from a client's list of approved hotels - was quite looking forward to it but it was a terrible choice for someone who had to work whilst there.I didn't care for the overall decor of the hotel (too dark) - the room was small but I knew that. Lighting is insufficient to work so I ordered a desk lamp - twice - it never arrived. The first line on the phone didn't work resulting in important messages going to Voice Mail without my knowledge. My 6am wake up call came at 6:40 (i had also set my alarm but there is no excuse for a wake up call being late) and they don't serve hot breakfast via room service until after 7am. I had to be out by that time so took the continental just for the coffee (I don't eat muffins, etc), making it the most expensive cup of coffee I have ever consumed ($35). I didn't receive a newspaper and when I asked about that they said they &quot;try to spread them around&quot; - spread them around? Maybe I could have gotten one section?In addition the air conditioner sounds like a jet engine (it was not working improperly, they just didn't invest in a quieter A/C unit) resulting in virtually no sleep for 2 nights.And one of my pet peeves - the note in the bathroom saying to hang up your towels so they are reused - but no hooks. I artfully hung the towels around the room but they were still replaced.....why bother printing the note?Not a great experience all round.	
Sep 1 2008 	Nice hotel clean  quiet comfortable...but small single room	This hotel came highly recommended so I tried it on 8-30-08. The hotel's decor is very dark. Its easy to just walk by the check in booths( sort of hidden along the wall) and even walk right past the elevators because they are tucked away. Elevators tiny by the way..very small. The halls were dark too and the rooms had their #s illuminated. I booked a single room for $ 371 plus taxes ( $ 424 with taxes). Included a valet park voucher at hotel and breakfast for two. It was a decent deal for midtown manhattan on a saturday night over labor day holiday. The room was quiet, i slept very well. Bed very comfortable. But i was not too crazy over the decor and it was extremely small ( single room) . They also had toliteries out but full size ones that were for sale only. Of course they had the small ones in bathroom too. My room didnt have a bath, just a shower. That was fine for me , it had nice shower head and good water pressure. Overall i would say hotel is Ok and a little overpriced ( i got a good deal , but overall for the price you would expect something a little bit fancier, just a little bit or a tad bigger). It was just OK and i would maybe stay again if i couldnt find something better in area.	
Aug 31 2008 	very cool and great location	This hotel is in a great location for all the tourist traps. 5th Ave, Times Square, Empire State.The bar and building is very cool and breakfast was fantastic. It seemed very pricey off the menu but ours was included and this is a very good option. We didnt stay for food in the evening so have no comment.Overall the hotel is good, trendy and a bit of a rock star experience which always rates in my opinion as nothing is worse than traveling a long way to be bored by the hotel.The bedroom we ended up in was large and the bathroom large enough to be simple to get ready in but although there was a large circular bath in the room it was not a spa and it seemed a little pointless to go to the effort to fill it for the 2 of us when the design didnt seem to be suited to lounging around. However the big bath did stop the shower water getting all over the bathroom. Housekeeping wasnt brilliant either so didnt really feel like sitting in the bath.I would stay again if I wanted to be in this part of town, but I did get caught when I had a beer in the bar and it was 12 bucks which is the downside to mega trendy hotels.Another downside was all the rooms seem to have an open fire for effect, great in winter I expect but in summer it just leaves the rooms a bit smelly.Interesting to find too, no real sign so make sure you know where you are going as the taxis have no idea where it is.	
Aug 23 2008 	Great Location	My wife and I stayed at the Royalton for two nights the room was very comfortable and is designed in a minimalist style which is very pleasing to the eye but not practical in the bathroom where there is very little space to set your toiletries. Hotel did run out of hot water one day between 5-6PM, maintenance arrived immediately after I called. Maintenance fiddled with the shower valve and then called from the boiler room to advise that the boiler was running at 150 degrees and properly functioning, but too many people must be taking showers??? This is the only real issue I had with the hotel, and after reading other reviews this is a problem for the property. I did bring it to the attention of the staff upon checking out and I was told this is the first they have ever heard of this problem not a good answer I told the clerk he should read the current TA reviews and look for my posting. When paying top $, some sort of accommodation should be offered. We loved the hotel even though we did have a problem, it is very convenient to many corporate offices which I frequent and for tourists it is very close to Times Sq. I also suggest trying the Greek restaurant Kallari , across the street from the hotel.	
Aug 20 2008 	An excellent stay. Not perfect but would return.	Staff were very nice and helpful. I'm particularly sensitive to noise and it was not problem for them to let me see a few different rooms before deciding on one. The conceirge was lovely and recommended a great Italian restaurant.Lobby was relaxing and funky a good place for a drink before heading out.Noise was a problem. I stuck to an interior room to escape the street noise but no matter which interior room you have the outside generator/air conditioner produces a constant humming noise (rooms to the right when you come out of the lifts and lower floors are worse than others). Most people will probably not be bothered by this (my partner wasn't) but it did drive me a bit mad.We went for a superior room and it was a decent size with dressing area. Bathroom had a great shower and Korres (my favourite) toiletries. Bed was very comfortable but also very small for a double.A few niggles - nothing major: The door handle to our room kept coming off. I did mention this to a member of staff but it was not fixed. Also one of the lights in our room had a bulb blown and this was not replaced during our stay which seemed a little careless. Bed quite small for a double which does decrease the comfort factor. The most annoying (for me) was no coffee/tea making facilities in the room - its hard to get going in the morning without caffeine first thing!Even with the niggles i would still consider staying here again as overall a very nice hotel in New York.	
Aug 11 2008 	Great hotel Royalton	If you are going to spend some time in NY city, this hotel is absolut great! Me and my friend spent 5 nights in august 2008 and we had a marvellous time.Friendly personel, nice and clean room, rain-shower and we even had a balconny. Our bose i-pod dock didn't work, gave a ring to the reception and in no time we had a working dock!The hotel has a hip athmosfere and a cool bar.Highly recommended!	
Jul 31 2008 	Nice Romantic Hotel	Just got back from a wonderful time in the Big Apple. I booked the Royalton Hotel this time with Hotwire and was quite pleased! First: This is a hotel for a great romantic leason. The mood of the hotel is very mysterious. Somewhat dark; but not so dark that you can't see. The lobby is one of the best I have seen; very rich and moody with a glowing fireplace to help set the mood. If you sit down in the sunken seating area; someone will come and ask you if you would like something to drink. This is a nice nook to sip a nice bottle of Champane. The desk is very friendly and will help you as much as they can. We had booked a room that was too small for my wife, my son, and myself; so they upgraded us to a larger room. When that proved not to satisfy; they made a fair arrangement for us to stay in a very nice suite!! The rooms are beautiful and have an excellent shower. A huge round tub for that romantic daliance! I don't agree that the rooms are too dark. They have room darkening switches which can turn down the light but can also turn up the light if you want. Room service was swift and effeciant. The Royalton is in an excellent spot; not but a couple blocks from Times Square! I can't really say anything bad about this hotel. Everything was spot on. Would I stay there again? Yes!!! Very much so and would definitly recommend this hotel for a great romantic weekend!!!!!	
Jul 30 2008 	High value hotel	I brought my mother to NY in July since she never saw the city before. I wanted the right hotel for our 4 days stay, well located, high quality, good service and nice people.The Royalton was definitely the right pick. One block from Time Square, two from Bryant Park, next to the 5th, 15 minutes walk from Central Park.I found great the entrance, totally anonymus, difficult to be recognized, more similar to a priv club. Once in, the greatly designed hall and the soft lights impress for their real coolness.Beautiful people are everywhere, style is part of the environment.Check in is fast and professional, valets are friendly, bar tenders are very good in their job.I stayed in a double double at the 12th floor. Nice and spacy room, not a nice view, but we didn't care too much.Beds were top of the comfort, with medium hard matrasses and 6 pillows per bed.Finger down: cooling system, when on, was noisy.A place to stay, a place to live with friend and guests, good meeting point for business meetings or for knowing nice and interesting people from all over the world.	
Jul 22 2008	Chic and simple @ the Royalton NY	I booked one night at the Royalton Hotel to celebrate my boyfriend's birthday in the city. (We are both from NY, but I thought seeing the city from a tourist perspective might be kind of fun)... I would consider myself more than familiar with the area where the Royalton is situated. I have passed it thousands of times, but never really noticed it. It is very low-key, housed in a non-descript building opposite hotels with glaring flags and uniformed doormen. It was the opposite of flashy, but made up for it in elegance. We walked up the stairs and the doors opened automatically (it sounds corny, but we were wowed because it was so unexpected to reach out to the unattended doors and have them open.) It took a second to adjust to the dim lighting in the lobby. But it was really trendy and mellow. Even in July (broad daylight), the glass fireplaces were glowing by the wall. Check in was quick and the person at the front desk was friendly and efficient. The room was a little bit smaller than I imagined - but clearly, I was delusional, expecting anything larger in the city. We were in a room facing 44th St., so there was a little noise - but nothing that kept us awake at night. The decor was understated, very mellow and masculine colors (slate, gray, brown and blue). The furniture was sparse and modern - there was a desk and a slim couch opposite the bed. The head of the bed was situated in a small alcove with little circular storage areas on each side, for the alarm clock, etc. The location was perfect - we were removed from the Times Square drama... but close enough to get coffee and food. It was two blocks away. There are too many restaurant options to name in the area - so I didn't try room service, which seemed a little pricey considering the proximity of cheaper options right across the street. For instance, the menu listed two eggs, bacon, etc, fruit juice (American breakfast) at 32 bucks. The diner across the street was 1/4 the price - and the Brooklyn Diner is right there on 43rd. But if you got it to spend... your choice. We didn't spend any time in the lobby, much to my disappointment, because it seemed like &quot;the spot&quot; after 9pm. People were enjoying drinks and the lounge atmosphere well into the evening. Even though we were prepared to act like tourists, we didn't get too much of a touristy vibe from the Royalton. It was very chic, simple and laid back - which is exactly what we were looking for.	
Jul 14 2008 	Lots of flair and great location!	I booked a weekend getaway to NYC using hotwire and got a great deal to stay at the Royalton. From the minute I walked in, I was quite impressed with the design which I found to be very hip and trendy. I was given a spacious room, by NYC standards, that had a terrace which was utilized when having breakfast in the morning and a glass of wine in the early evening. The staff was very attentive and friendly. The location is fantastic as it is just far enough away from the tourist mecca of Times Square, but easily accessible to all the major subway lines. I plan on booking a subsequent trip to NYC at the Royalton.	
Jul 14 2008 	Nice hotel great food	We just came back from a six nights stay in a deluxe room. The room had a good size and we liked the modern style. The bath with the large round tub is very nice. The shower is very powerful. The hairdryer could have been better. We found the bed in our room very comfortable but too small. Our room had no view and a real negative point was the very loud noise from the air-condition. If it was switched on it was very, very noisy (i.e. you could not hear the tv, etc.) and even when we switched it of for being able to sleep at night there was still some noise coming from somewhere. apart from the the room was very quiet. We did hear very little noise from the streets or from other rooms.We really enjoyed the food and drinks in the hotel. They serve very delicious breakfast, yes it is not cheap but it is very good.We also enjoyed the food they offer in the evening and the nice little snacks they serve in the bar. The assorted salumi were just wonderful. The cocktails were also very good. The atmosphere in the bar with the fireplace, etc. is great.The location between 5th and 6th Avenue is very good as you can reach a lot of interesting places, shops, etc. by just walking.Staff at the royalton was overall very friendly.	
Jul 1 2008 	Simply The Best.	Royalton Hotel is simply amazing. It is sophisticated, chic and the staff are incrediable and will make you feel like a celebrity.The rooms are extreemly spacious and have such a fresh feel to them. This hotel has all the minors down to a tee. From the modern bed side tables to the lounge area. The fire in the main lounge is such a focal point. The hotel is also very close to 5th avenue and times square but is tucked away so you don't step out into the hussle and bussle of NY which is such a bonus.We would strongly recommend the hotel driver Raymond if you have an evening out or need a lift back to the airport as the prices are fair and for little more than a taxi fare you get comfort.We did not eat in the hotel as the food looked very 'rich' and the prices for drinks are high but this is in conjuction with the hotel itself. The lighting is dim near the lift and outside the rooms but this was not a problem to us at all. It gave the place a 'moody' and elegant feel. the ages we travelled with were 18 years, 52 years and 55 years and the hotel exceeded all our expectations. Also Brooklyn Diner is around the corner and is the best place in NYC for breakfast. Strongly recommend the Royalton.	
Jun 29 2008 	Good Experience	Billed as the place to be seen in New York, it nearly met expectations. I stayed in a Loft Suite for a week.Room: The room was a large room by New York standards, no separate living area, but long window bench seat and did have an open fire place - not needed for summer. Small desk to work from, and large bathroom. The bed was super comfortable with plenty of 'to die' for pillows.Bathroom: Hollywood circular shower with disco tile's. Huge waterfall like shower head from the ceiling - this is the best thing about the room - serious good shower. The rest of the bathroom was okay, but average design with only one small basin - lots of mirrors.Dark: reading the reviews everyone was complaining about the dark hallways and foyer. Yes its dark, but not a major problem. You can still see where you are going and didn't pose any problemsFoyer/Bar: Very cool bar and foyer. Packed almost every night of the week. Beautiful people being served by even more beautiful bar staff. Great place to hang. I had a beer there every night after work - it was greatRestaurant: Simply as good as it gets. The much hyped DB bistro is across the road from this hotel and I have tell you Brasserie 44 was better! Very quiet, but the food was amazing - as good as you will find in New York!!! Wine list was okay.Gym: Small - okay for cardio but if you want a real workout then go across the road to New York Health club - $15 for a casual visit - great gym.Service: Attentive and available without be obtrusive - solid 4/5 for service.Location: Great spot for getting to Theatre, Time square, central park, Empire state building etcAll in all a good experience.	
Jun 25 2008 	Exceeded expectations	The hotel has such a hip, cool vibe, particularly for being so centrally located. We were graciously upgraded from our superior room to a suite. The suites are amazing. We had our own hallway and the room was huge by NY standards, even for a suite. The special round bathtub is a nice treat after walking the city all day long. The service was very prompt and courteous, the concierge was helpful, and the location was perfect. We were not disappointed and would go back.	
Jun 16 2008 	honeymoon iin NYC	we were in NYC for the start of our honeymoon and were looking for somewhere that wasnt too busy, in manhattan and a large room. Generally all this was achieved with the Royaltyon. The bathroom was excellent too but room didnt have a view.Staff were excellent and the bar was good too. worth a stop definately. in nice part of town too although not many top restuarants nearby but cab ride anyway. Staff were helpful in restuarant suggestions too.	
Jun 15 2008 	Excellent boutique hotel	Stayed there with my girlfriend for 3 nights and we loved this hotel. We are a 27 year old couple and we love modern places. I recommend it for young people because as I read before it's not a functional hotel. Low lights in many places, very small dark elevator, small bathroom vanity space. The concierge (GIOVANNY MENA) was extremely helpful and friendly. The reception staff was very friendly too. I think the food was overpriced. Even with all the cons mentioned before I will stay there again!	
Jun 11 2008 	My favorite hotel in NY	Simply my favorite hotel in NY. Everything seems to be right here: Great staff, good design and atmosphere, good location, great bar/ lobby. Good value for money. Spacious rooms with everything you need.	
May 26 2008 	Mamma Mia!!!	Spent a fantastic four nights in the Royalton on a surprise trip for my wife's birthday.Used the services of the hotel concierge prior to arrival to make some special arrangements such as a birthday cake to our room etc., they couldn't have been more helpful.A couple of pointers: -1. The lighting is dim, but all lights have almost invisible dimmer switches on the side giving more than enough light when fully on!2. The breakfast vouchers (if purchased) don't make it clear what they cover, but it turns out you can have just about anything from the menu, just ask!!!The location is excellent, but don't choose this hotel if you are going to complain about the bar prices, it's New York, spend the money and have some fun.	
May 15 2008 	Loved the athmosphere	Amazing lobby. Very trendy. The food was excellent. The service top level. The rooms have really something special with candles &amp; dark athmosphere. You feel like in a discotheque. The bathroom is also special. Try the bath tube which can be a shower or a large bath.	
May 15 2008 	A great hotel but check your booking!	Stayed at the Royalton for six nights in early May. All in all the hotel is great, and has a lovely contemporary feel to it. Yes, the hallways are fairly dark but not so much that you can't see where you're going! The public area is very trendy and seems to attract a number of passers-by for a cocktail or two. Our room was good - large enough and the shower room was excellent - especially the shower itself. The bed was okay but not the most comfortable I've ever slept in.Three problems with the place: firstly, and this is only minor, if you want to use the internet in their business centre then you might not be able to get in. The reason being that if it wasn't a business centre it would be an ordinary bedroom as it comes with an en suite shower room. While this might just appear quirky, it creates a problem because other guests use that shower room after using the gym, including the business centre itself to get changed in! So, the room was locked with people in there getting changed when we tried to use it on two occasions.The second problem we had was with breakfast: we only ate breakfast in the hotel on the first day. While the food and drink was top notch, the service didn't quite match, and we only had a basic breakfast but it cost $108. A pleasant but decidedly less trendy alternative is to pop across to the diner across the street - it's a traditional 'mom &amp; pop' diner with brisk service and a total bill of about a fifth of what you'd pay in the hotel.The third problem - but by far the most important one - was when we checked in: the hotel wasn't expecting us. We originally booked through an agency (Airmiles), and had all the confirmation numbers and printouts etc. However, the (very polite and efficient) receptionist looked into it and discovered that, based on the info they'd received from Airmiles so not the hotel's fault, we were due to check in on the day we actually checked out... She mentioned this wasn't the first time this had happened to guests booking through an agent, so be warned and double-check your booking with the hotel directly if using an agent. We were very lucky indeed as they had just one empty room in the hotel for the duration of our stay, which we were able to take. It was smaller room than we'd originally booked and paid for, but it was either that or find another hotel, so we took it. I must stress that the receptionist was a role model in guest relations, as were many other staff we encountered.I was a little worried that, because the hotel's decor and style is very trendy, that it would invoke a certain 'attitude' among staff that I've experienced in other hotels. This certainly isn't the case and the hotel's staff are one of its best assets - aside from everything else it's got going for it including one of the best locations in New York for shopping and sight-seeing.So, I would highly recommend this hotel - but be warned about your booking getting through!	
May 13 2008	Stellar hotel with very small drawbacks.	The Royalton Hotel is situated in the Theater District/Times Square area of NYC. It is easy to find and the Valet parking is a snap (and also worth it, but it's salty at $52). Valet service took our bags to our room at no extra charge. Check in was the easiest of anywhere I've ever stayed and the staff was amazingly friendly and helpful, even though we Pricelined the hotel. I called a day earlier just to get a recommendation for dinner and they were more than happy to make reservation for us. Again, very nice and helpful. The decor is very contemporary and comfortable. However, the corridors are amazingly, stunningly dark. This is only a minor annoyance. The lobby is very large and has ample seating near gas fireplaces. They were almost all occupied by people, attesting to the fact that it's a very user-friendly place. The room was great. It was their base standard model and was 250 sq ft. Not bad for NYC. The bathroom floor and walls were stone tile that spilled out to the entry. The shower was walk in glass enclosed and was the best I've been in with a rain showerhead and nozzle. All very modern fixtures. The main room was spacious and had a decent lcd screen and bose ipod dock. The bedding was passable, but not that comfortable. The best was solid and the linen wasn't amazing, but that didn't hamper our sleep at all. Overall, the dim halls and the alright bedding isn't enough for me to not enthusiastically endorse this hotel. It was really amazing and the staff was wonderful!	
May 8 2008 	Location Location Location!	Would highly recommend this hotel for those looking for the perfect New York experience! The actual hotel all in all is lovley. Nicely decorated and comfortable. We had a deluxe room with a fire (which you have to call room service to come up and light) The hotel is created with a certain ambiance in mind. This is achieved and is nice, but it continues into the bedrooms and as a female - putting your make up on evenly is difficult! The bath tubs are circular and amazing for two, recommeded with a glass of wine and a few lit candles (supplied). This hotel is in the absolute perfect spot for all things New York! You can walk to the Empire State Building, or to Central Park, (Past Abercrombie and Hugo Boss!!!) - Rockefeller Centre, Public Library and Grand Central Station. Times Sqaure is less than 2 blocks away, and absolutely amazing lit up! Its location also means that it is very busy outside and the fire engines, police cars and taxis beeping every few hours can become quite annoying! That said, no matter what hotel you stay in, in this location, you are going to get that! We went at Christmas for 5 days and feel this was long enough. If you like to walk fast, you wont be able to and if you want to have a safe taxi trip forget it! Theyre nuts, but thats New York for you!	
May 1 2008 	Good but Dark	Location is excellent. Service is very friendly yet professional. I would rate the staff the best feature of this hotel. Check-in and check-out were a breeze. Everybody smiles.Rooms are comfortable although a bit sad as their dominant colour is a sort of dirty-gray. Bed was excellent. The bathroom is ok, shower was fantastic, clean and spacious. I was on the 7th floor. Not a noisy place.A couple of issues with this hotel: First the atmospere is bizarre. It might appeal to some, to others, me included, it appears as an unnecessary excercise of trying to be different ... but in the wrong direction ... Way too dark everywhere but especially in the elevators and the hallways. I understand the lobby bar is very trendy, but on the room floors, please, turn on some lighting.Second, continental breakfast is way too expensive for what it offers. All in all, however a good choice	
Apr 23 2008 	Simply perfect...	I stayed at the Royalton for 3 nights on 18 April 2008.The hotel lived up to expectations and more;A contemporary, clean and beautifully designed hotel. The lobby was stunning and the dark lighting added to the ambience.We stayed in the Alcove suite (room 604) , thanks to a free upgrade. It was large, modern and a pleasure to come back to after a long day shopping and walking in the city. (I have uploaded photos for your perusal ).The concierge was very helpful and made reservations for us in two fantastic restaurants ( DB Bistro and Aquavit). Both worth the dollars ! The hotel bar offered a very good selection of drinks and the bar staff (notably Billy) could not be more obliging and friendly. We got room service on 2 occassions; the food was fresh, tasty and arrived quickly. The staff were amazing throughout our stay and when we lost our passports in a taxi on the first day; they helped us greatly in what could have been a disastrous situation ! I cannot fault the Royalton. This was my 3rd stay in New York and the hotel was leagues above those I have previously been to, for the same price. I plan to go again in spring 2009 and can't wait !10/10Anna Young, York, UK	
Apr 22 2008 	Dark and Moody	Spent three nights in this hotel in April. First trip to the big apple and therefore a little wary and apprehensive. Nevertheless, we booked this place on a recommendation of a colleague as it is very well-placed.Situation - excellent - within walking distance of Rockefeller, Time Square, Fifth Avenue etc etc.Hotel ? - well the chaps on the door sum it up - dark suits , gabberdines in the evening - just a little dark and moody for our liking. Possibly an age thing ( 50+). Room 619 - no view , very noisy from continual air-con outside our control - lack of view added to the sense of darkness .Went to the Sofitel across the road - modern art-deco - more our liking - we shall be goIng there next time.On a positive note - the bed was extremely comfortable, staff very pleasant . And the waitresses are tres bon !!	
Apr 20 2008 	Great small luxury hotel	Very well located, you can walk everywhere from here, the rooms are very confortable and fashion, the service is friendly. Expensive, but luxury.	
Mar 25 2008 	Royalton Hotel - Perfection Location Great Staff!	This was my 2nd stay at the Royalton. I came for a brief stay in late 2007 for business and a bit of shopping. I was coming to New York for one meeting but mostly vacation as my fianc had never been to the USA before so definitely NYC is a must! I have been to New York City many times and stayed in many different hotels but I really enjoyed my last stay here and I wanted a memorable trip so I booked a suite for a 5 day trip.We were REALLY tired as we flew from Buenos Aires to Chicago then to New York City. All the first class seats were sold on the flight from Buenos Aires to JFK and I didnt want to travel in coach so we flew to Chicago then to New York. Wrong decision as there was a snow storm and our flight was delayed. Luckily our flight still left as many were cancelled. We arrived really tired and it was really great at the entrance the doorman asked for my name and then he said, Welcome Back to the Royalton Mr. SaintBA. They must train their staff to let them know the guests that have stayed before. I only came before 4 days before and it was a short stay but the front staff also said welcome back. The manager also said it later in our trip. I thought that was great that the management trains their staff to greet past guests this way. Also, something nice was there was a doorman that always greeted me by name. Something that I found classy and done at really high end hotels like the Four Seasons in Paris where I stayed last year. Its a nice touch so Kudos to the management on doing this. Its a nice touch.The location is perfect. Its in Mid-town Manhattan so its close to everything. We came to do a lot of shopping and also to see several shows on Broadway so its close to the shopping on Fifth Avenue and just a few blocks to Time Square. Its located on West 44th Street between 5th and 6th. We booked a bit bigger suite and the room was very nice and spacious. It had a nice big 42 LCD TV that came off from the wall so you could view it in bed or the sitting area where there was a sofa. Last year I booked a smaller room with no sofa. This room also had a sitting area in the closet between the bathroom and the bedroom. The bathroom was also big and nice with a huge rainfall from the ceiling shower head. Strong water pressure and the room was very modern which I prefer.The room was really quiet and had great black out blinds. The lobby area is nice and romantic at night as they have a fireplace that stays lit during the day/night. Trendy bar area and they have a restaurant as well. We didnt eat in the restaurant but we did have room service some mornings with breakfast in bed and the food was very good. The staff throughout the stay was excellent and I mentioned above how courteous everyone was. My finance was really impressed with the hotel, the staff and she loved the location. Wi-fi internet access was $10 per day and it worked very well. I didnt use it so much but downloaded work emails a few times. The room with tax was about $500 per night. They have smaller rooms for around $300/night but this one was really great as it was oversized. I booked directly online at their website and it was fast and easy. Their availability calendar is updated and always will show the rooms. Check-out was a breeze. We left very early as we were flying to Dallas this morning and had an early flight. They called a town-car for us and it was there waiting when we were leaving. It was $65 plus tip to JFK. I took the same service last time and it was really a nice car and very friendly. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone. I cant say enough good things about the location and the staff. We were so worn out from shopping everyday, walking around and sightseeing but we were so happy at the end of each day to come back to the hotel. The bed was also very comfortable. There are so many great hotels in New York but after another great stay Ill probably return to this hotel for the excellent location and friendly staff.	
Mar 22 2008 	Anniversary at the Royalton	My wife and I recently visited New York to celebrate our first wedding anniversary. The Royalton was one of the hotels that Virgin were doing package deals for from the UK and we booked it on the strength of the reviews on tripadvisor. I can safely say that we weren't disappointed with our stay. The hotel is certainly hip, so much so that it almost seems embarrassed to be a hotel. We jumped out of airport shuttle on arrival and walked right past the entrance! The lobby is very swish, with a very popular bar area. We ate in the restaurant once and the food was good, although it was a bit fussy for our tastes. Our room was nice, clean and quiet. Our view was a bit disappointing but didn't really matter to us. The top of the Rock and Empire State made up for that!The only negatives really to our standard room was that there was very little storage space for clothes. There are wardrobes but no empty drawers. The lack of a bath tub may bother some people but not us, especially with the shower being so great. We found all of the staff to be very helpful and friendly throughout the hotel and the hotel location was perfect, with time square only a five minute walk away. We would certainly consider staying at the Royalton again if we return to New York.	
Mar 3 2008 	Beautiful Sleek Hotel	smooth friendly check-in, comfy, very quiet, well-appointed room, large clean bathroom, delicious 33 brassiere restuarant tucked in the back of the first floor, perfect romantic treat for midtown...Highly recommended, especially for theatre shows....	
Feb 15 2008 	Superb!	We stayed at The Royalton for 3 nights recently and couldn't fault the hotel. I am very picky when it comes to hotels, but I had no issues with the Royalton at all. The corridors are dimly lit, but not to the point where you can't find your room. Even if it were that dark all the doors have lighted plaques with the room number clearly identified. The bed was heavenly, so comfortable and luxurious and it was huge - I didn't want to get out. Another great feature was the rain shower - great pressure and always boiling hot - huge shower head which meant a real rain shower, not just sprinkle as in some hotels.Some reviews have complained about lack of space in the bathroom for toiletries - I had no problem with this - there was plenty of room for both mine and my husband's washbags and toiletries by the sink and there was a separate make up table also. We also had plenty of cupboard space but could have done with a few more hangers.The room was incredibily quiet, no noise from the street or other rooms. Nice touches such as candles, great toiletries, warm throw and fresh flowers. We didn't order any room service or have anything from the mini bar as prices were over the top as were the prices in the downstairs bar, but great atmosphere and the renovation is really stylish. Location is fantastic and I'd definitely recommend this hotel.	
Feb 7 2008	Mixed Feelings	I last stayed at this hotel 15 years ago, when I was young and impressionable, and, at that time, I thought the Royalton was just about the hippest, most chic place I had ever seen. Ah, what a difference 15 years makes. I'm not sure that the hotel has changed, as opposed to the fact that I am now middle-aged and cranky and want comfort, not hip.Anyway, I was staying across the street at the Sofitel, extending my stay day- to-day because I was too sick to fly home, when the Sofitel yanked their rates so high that I decided to decamp to the Royalton for a more reasonable rate that I found on Expedia.Because the standard rooms at the Royalton are much smaller than at the Sofitel, I booked a deluxe room rather than opting for the least expensive room offered on Expedia. Upon arrival, I was upgraded to a penthouse suite (Room 1616).As someone else mentioned, the hallways at the Royalton are really, really dim. It's actually hard to find your room number. I didn't remember that from 15 years ago. The hallways are either dimmer than they were in the past, or it is my aged eyes. I didn't find the darkness chic or hip - just annoying.The hallways also reeked of cigarette smoke, although thankfully when I got into my suite, I could not smell any smoke.Room 1616 consists of a living room, outdoor dining terrace with table and chairs (unfortunately, it was February and too cold to use it) and separate bedroom. There is an alcove off the bedroom with a small desk (too small to be practical if you really needed to work in your room). There was a large bar in the living room, with fridge, snacks, wines and wine glasses. There was a second smaller minibar in the bedroom. The living room had a working fireplace, flatscreen television, dining table, couch (not super comfortable) and four chairs (two of which were so uncomfortable, you could not sit in them). There was a second flatscreen television in the bedroom. As spacious as the suite was, the closets were small and there was no place to put your luggage, so the bellhop commandeered one of the side tables in the living room and turned it into a makeshift luggage rack.The whole suite was fairly dark, which I found annoying in the late afternoon. I liked the room much better after sunset, when I lit the various candles that were all around and suddenly the room became moody and romantic, rather than just dark. I had room service dinner for both nights at the hotel, and it was really lovely dining at the table in the living room with candles lit all around. In warmer weather, I'm sure the terrace also would have been delightful.The room was very, very quiet - no street noise or noise from the other rooms.But there were several downsides to the room. First, even though it was a suite, there was only a queen bed. It was fine since I was alone, but if I were there for a romantic getaway, I would have preferred a king bed. The linens were attractive, but not as soft as the linens at the Sofitel.As mentioned, the tiny desk in the alcove off the bedroom was too small to be practical. Also annoying for business travelers who travel with laptops was that there was no place to plug the laptop in by the bed. As a result, you could work, surf the Internet or watch DVDs in bed only so long as the battery on your laptop lasted.The bathroom had beautiful slate floors and walls, but was extremely impractical. There was a tiny sink with a tiny bit of glass on each side of the sink - only enough room to stick a toothbrush and some toothpaste. If you wanted to lay out makeup or toiletries, forget it. The blowdryer was hanging in a cotton bag on the wall since there was no place for it by the sink. Instead of a separate stall shower and tub, there was a combo tub/shower. The tub was long, but very narrow. I'm a bath person, but the tub was just too narrow to enjoy a bath in. (The only person I could imagine feeling comfortable in the tub would be, say, Nicole Richie or some other 90 pound waif). Given that the tub was useless, I would have preferred a large stall shower.The prices for room service were obscene, even by New York hotel standards, and room service does not operate 24 hours a day. The room service menu is also very limited, although when the hotel restaurant is open, you can go down, look at the full menu, and then go back to your room and order from the regular menu rather than the room service menu. But as stated, the prices are obscene. One night, with tax, service fee, delivery fee, etc, it came to close to $80 for one small piece of fish with a spoonful of vegetables, one order of rice pudding and a large bottle of sparkling water (and to top it off, they forgot to bring a spoon, so I had to eat the rice pudding with a fork). The previous night when I had ordered an entree and a salad, they forgot the salad. I called for it and it was brought up, but I had already finished my entree by the time it arrived.Eating downstairs in the restaurant is no cheaper. Lox and bagel for breakfast, which is $18 at the Sofitel, is $30 at the Royalton! The &quot;American&quot; breakfast (coffee or tea, orange juice, two eggs, sausage, potatoes and bread), which is $20 at the Sofitel is $30 at the Royalton (and the service is better at the Sofitel).With the exception of the restaurant staff who seemed disinterested, the entire staff at the Royalton were friendly and gracious. All in all, I think the younger you are, the happier you will be at the Royalton. It would not be my first choice for a return visit, although the location is convenient and I would consider it if I could get a good rate vis a vis neighboring hotels such as the Sofitel.	
Feb 5 2008 	Nice!	We combined business with pleasure for a weekend in the Big Apple and decided on the Royalton based on Tripadvisor reviews.The first thing that hit us was the dim lighting and trendy atmosphere. After a while the dimness becomes annoying but that may have to do with our advancing years (we're both 47). The corridors to the rooms are even darker. The room was superb (904) with working fireplace but best of all; a Bose iDock for my iPod. Superb! 904 is a large room and has a pleasant decor with a few very nice pieces of furniture. Again, the lighting was just about adequate. Nice flatscreen which we didn't use.The bed linen is superb and the duvet of good quality. Light switches are a tad confusing. Wardrobe space is too small and awkward to get to. There's also a flat screen in the bedroom we did use.The bath is great. It is a five foot round tub. Excellent! Water pressure supeb. The sink arrangement is less than practical. Lighting again is an issue here.The staff at the hotel are young, good looking and very friendly.The location is great too and we managed to walk to most places we wanted to visit.Overall, we loved our trip and liked the hotel. Would we stay there again? Possibly but we are likely to try somewhere else next time.	
Feb 2 2008 	Will not find better	Recently refurbished in great style this could not be bettered as a city hotel. Lovely room, great bed and shower. Very helpful staff.Position 'the best'. We loved the understated lobby and lack of tradtional reception desk. We have stayed in many 5star NYC properties, none better. Big room with sitting area. Only minor observation is of a lack of shelf space in the bathroom.	
Jan 30 2008 	Beautiful hotel and great service	This hotel really made our trip to NY amazing. A discreet entrance leads to a fantastically luxurious lobby and the check in staff were really helpful.The room we were in was really plush and the shower was huge and just what was needed after a long day shopping.We used the concierge service to get us reservations at a great restaurant (we had tried ourselves but couldn't get a table!) I overheard the concierge being used a few times when we were in the bar and they were always suggesting places to go and really tailoring things for people - definitely worth using if you need inspiration.The hotel has a great location - between 5th and 6th avenue within easy reach of the shops, central park, MoMA, Rockerfeller... and there is a subway station just 2 block down on 6th making the downtown easy to get to as well.The bar seemed to get very busy weekday evenings with an after work crowd so we tended to either have an afternoon drink or one before bed when it was quieter.When I come back I will definitely be staying here!	
Jan 26 2008 	Prize for the best lobby	I was recommended the Royalton by a friend who regularly visits New York and has tried a lot of the greats.Location was perfect for my trip - just a few blocks across from Times Square but far enough to be quiet. The lobby has recently been renovated and well, I gotta say - a pat on the back to the Royalton. It has to be one of the most cosy inviting lobbies I've seen in a hotel. It was pretty cold over Xmas and the fireplace in the lobby was the perfect thing to sit by to drink and be merry with friends. I am curious however as to how the lobby will feel in the heat of summer. But for now I don;t care as it was great.I had a superior room with fireplace and 5ft round tub. Can you tell I like fires ;-) Although now quite up to the standard of the new lobby - it was still an inviting place.Service was pertty good too. On the whole I give the Royalton a big thumbs up	
Jan 14 2008 	Super cool - but impractical		
Jan 8 2008 	Romance at the Royalton		
Jan 8 2008	Love this place with the new refurb!		
Jan 7 2008 	Great stay at the Royalton		
Dec 23 2007 	Liked it should habe loved it		
Dec 19 2007	Great hotel lousy after service		
Dec 16 2007 	Interesting Hotel		
Oct 7 2009 	Soggiorno splendido		
Sep 9 2009 	Royalton troppo "fashion victim"!		
Apr 27 2009 	mediocre		
Apr 13 2009 	Excelente hotel!		
Mar 13 2009 	Glamour !		
Feb 17 2009 	Du style		
Jan 29 2009 	Trs belles prestations ; mais...		
Jan 9 2009 	Troppo buio		
Dec 27 2008 	?????????		
Oct 15 2008 	Royalton assolutamente soddisfacente		
Sep 26 2008 	Royalton Dolce e Amaro - Pi Amaro che Dolce		
Sep 9 2008 	Excellent rapport qualit/prix		
Jul 29 2008 	Ottimo per un salto a nyc veramente avvolgente		
Apr 6 2008 	Super Lage - schnes Hotel		
Mar 22 2008	excelente eleccion		
